“He won’t go,” John stood. “To the police. I’ll end up hurting him, and lose my job… And how did you know what happened to Sherlock?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“I know you’d never hurt me if you had the choice,” John said. “But you
“If you want to.”
Thirteen weeks ago they were unpacking John's things at Baker Street.
John did his tie up in the hall mirror, and ran out of the front door when he saw Siger coming down the main stairs.
It had to be soon.
“I want you,” John put a hand to the side of Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock… not – not all the way,” he blushed. “But just keep kissing me?”
Mayhew went bright red in the face. “At first, but omegas are naturally afraid of – ”
“Don’t be. It’s not your fault.” John pulled his t-shirt down, and looked at himself in the mirror with a smirk. “Right, I’m coming out.”
Sherlock had hoped to be face-down into a pillow, so he could shut his eyes and project himself elsewhere, but that was not to be. All he could do was try not to panic, and to keep the memory of himself and John as far away from what was happening as possible. He couldn’t let the two events meet. They had to stay separate, untouchable.
John watched Sherlock’s face go through half a dozen emotions, none of them good. “I see,” he said.
“I’m not going to insist on it,” John said quickly. “I know omegas need their own space. But if you want a cuddle, or… well, you’re welcome.” He leaned in to gently scent Sherlock behind the ear, and Sherlock shivered. Nice shivers, that did things to his skin, like little sparks of electricity were running over it. “I’m very glad you stayed.”
“Can I help you?” A man with a crew-cut answered it, looking confused at the sight of a teenage omega on the doorstep.
,” Sherlock forced out. “Anything, except – fucking – fear, alright? I can be angry with you later, but right now I’ve got my…” he stopped, and puffed out a breath, looking at the ceiling tiles, fighting off tears. “I just want to stay here, with John, and I can’t even do that. What if…”
Something faltered under Sherlock’s skin. “You’re… eleven?”
Sherlock couldn’t do anything.
“You’re welcome. It’s not something you’d’ve gotten with me, and it really does suit you.” He picked his coat up. “John’s got the gossip, if you want to ask him. And… good luck, I guess.”
“It’s just a bad graze, really,” John took the wipe, and realised he probably should have had gloves on. He placed the gauze-fold onto the cut and stuck a plaster over the top. “That should be fine.” He pressed the plaster down firmly, one hand at the back of Sherlock’s leg, holding the calf muscle.
But Sherlock was fourteen, and headstrong, and full of his own mind.
John sighed, and rolled onto his side, so Sherlock could be the big spoon against him. “So… what’s the plan?”
“They think I’m a whore,” Sherlock sighed, the truth spilling out through his bloody mouth. “I live… it’s complicated. They think they know things, but they don’t. Not really.”
“Because you’re growing up,” Mycroft said, and this time there was definite sadness in his voice. “You won’t get the same comfort from kin as before.”
Sherlock pointed him in the right direction, and went back into the room, presumably to do something with the bin full of vomit.
John gave a nod, and marched out of the offices, hating how obvious his failures were to those around him.
“Once,” Sherlock admitted. “They came over to drop off some of his things. I can see why he took up drugs, to be quite honest.”
Sherlock didn't make a sound, his hands gripping the edge of his desk. After a very long moment, he turned, that cold fury rising in his features. If he wasn't Mycroft's younger brother, the man would have been terrified.
Mycroft smiled, and walked from around the back of the projector screen. “Indeed. You think you’re the only one who wants justice for Sherlock?”
A date with John...
John looked keenly at the screen of his phone, pretending to be extremely busy. The bruises and wounds on his throat were obvious, and he half-hoped that would mark him as off the market. Or maybe it made him look easy, who knew how vampiric minds worked.
Victor Trevor dropped his hand. “John Watson. I thought it was you.”
“I will do,” Sherlock said, curling onto his side.
‘Exactly. My point is, if you did get married or bonded then John would probably like it if you
John turned his head, and kissed Sherlock on the sternum, through his t-shirt.
Sherlock had preferred sleeping with the other omegas. They hadn’t exactly been close, but at night time their natural bond became strong. On nights with storms, they had often pushed all the beds together and curled up like puppies.
“How much did she weigh?” John asked, as he was wheeled towards the lifts.
“That’s… that’s a lot of blood tests,” John looked at his face.
‘Must be…’ John’s dad trailed off, thoughtfully. Then brightened. ‘Not that it matters. Next September you’ll be a Cheltenham boy! I’m so proud of you.’ He smiled. ‘Telling Sherlock tonight?’
“You do,” Sherlock insisted. “I’ve never… John, you smell so… You’re everything…” He ran his touch up John’s arm.
“Ok, a bit,” John grinned.
John kissed Sherlock’s throat – hot kisses on sweat-cooled skin. And pushed inside him.
But the happy mood had to end. And the person to put a stop to it was Mycroft.
During John’s recovery, Sherlock had been over almost every day. He was trying to track the vampire who had sent the powder, and was apparently getting close.
"Like hell you will," Sherlock repeated with a smile. "Major Sholto, I'm very sorry to inform you that you will have no part in this investigation from this point forward as I have evidence of your participation of this crime."
“It doesn’t matter to me, as long as you turn up on time and in uniform, with your homework done, every day,” Ms Tressle said. “Now, there’s some paperwork to fill in, and the school outfitters closes at six if you wanted to go today..?”
John was tapping at his own, beside him, his little huffs of breath as though he was under severe effort.
John shrugged. “I don’t know… It’d be nice to go out. I’m guessing we’re not going far tonight?”
John wanted to look around the room, but it wasn’t polite to raise his head, or eyes, so he settled for the furniture. Dark wood. Worn patterns with flowers on. Rugs on polished floorboards.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded, chasing John’s lips again. “John… I…”
Sherlock’s lips had clamped together. He prized them apart. “Today, he gave me the presents, and then… then, we were talking, and…”
“I… Yes,” John said, joining Sherlock in his blushing. “I… love Sherlock.” Sherlock squeezed his hand so tight John feared for his bones.
“But it’s so hard!” John wailed, then laughed. “Alright. But this time you can do the screwing.”
, and so on.
“Took your time,” John whispered, climbing in. “Happy birthday.”
“Oh, thanks. It’s Holmes.”
“I see,” Mr Grant was staring at him now, his eyes flicking to Sherlock’s neck, searching for a bond bite, then to his hand, where the engagement ring made him blink.
James inhaled, and seemed to try and gather himself. “Since you’re early… Did you want to come in?”
“Psychological help can only do so much when the patient quickly begins to invade the brain of her therapist,” Sherlock said, darkly. “For their own safety, treatments have long since been suspended.”
“Pity they didn’t get an alpha boy,” people sighed, “but what can you do?”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said. “Honestly. I can deal with this.”
“Fuck off,” John pushed his jumper down. He reached for the last mince pie, then changed his mind. “I’d kill for a glass of mulled wine right now.”
he could smell the difference – a beta man standing just close enough to seem protective. “You having a heat?”
“Right,” John looked down at his hands. “So… you just want to be friends?”
Sherlock looked down at his hands. “I don’t know what my inner omega is. I just feel like me.”
he said silently.
“You really don’t like it, do you?” Greg said softly.
Sherlock hesitated. “I… don’t have one.”
Sherlock glanced at the floor.
John kissed back, folding his arms behind Sherlock’s head like wings, locking them both into place as Sherlock’s hands pulled them close together, bodies flush, sharing warmth against the falling snow, and the promise of the biting frost of a future that could never be.
“Which part?”
“Ok, John Watson and his peaky nipples on my side,” Sholto rolled his eyes. “We’ll toss for bat, yeah?”
Warnings for assault, blood, hospital procedures and surgery.
“Well, I’m sure it was very romantic. I suppose you’re waiting until the baby’s here to bond?”
Sherlock stood, feeling woozier than ever. He avoided the cafeteria, knowing his dinner card balance was zero, instead pulling out a handful of change for the coffee machine in the quad. He got something sludgey and strong, feeling it warm his insides, and for a moment he felt the buzz of the drink take the edge off his shaky, sick feeling.
John was pretending to sleep when the taps came at his window.
“I…” Victor sat up, shaking his head. “That’s a bit fast for me. Shit. Sorry…”
“Oh, yes,” Sherry smirked, looking over his coffee. “I did.”
“Mm,” John exhaled lazily, letting Sherlock continue his exploration of his body. It was as though John was an old, favourite book, and Sherlock was remembering him, and learning him at the same time. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, enjoying the attention.
“I would like a bit more space, as it happens,” John turned around in his armchair.
The night before, Sherlock had gone into Cam’s study.
John grinned, and went up the steps, trying the door handle and feeling it turn as it should. He stepped into the hallway, and turned back to the brothers. “Won’t you both please come in?” He asked.
“I think I can smell you growing up,” John said, by way of an explanation. “Only very subtly. And not all the time. But I can, every now and again.”
John let out a sob, and stuck his head under the water, for a second, raising it in a panic. He wasn’t on birth control. Sherlock would come, and then he’d be pregnant… John didn’t want to be pregnant, he was still at school…
Sherlock nodded, drying his eyes again. He looked back at the envelope on the table. “I couldn’t even rub my results in his face.”
“But…” Sherlock looked helpless. “But John… the army… all those alphas…”
“Not as mates.”
“Oh, he’s not asking him questions, he’s taking a few skin samples whilst the guy’s out cold.”
They stayed beside the river until it got cold, and they walked hand in hand back to Waterloo.
"Captain Watson didn't tell me. I have your files," Sherlock lied. "Now, tell me who was blackmailing you. We can protect you."
‘Oh, as if,’ she sighed. ‘Mrs Holmes still looks eighteen, I look like I’m made of papier mache.’
He and James didn’t have sex again.
“Do you want me to try and… get you?” John asked, his voice very small and soft.
“You’d know,” the alpha boy shot back. “Fucking Victor Trevor behind your fiance’s back?” He leered, and the grin fell off Sherlock’s face. “Oh yeah, I heard about that. You omegas are all whores for cock at the end of the day, doesn’t matter where it comes from. Fuck, you couldn’t even wait to have a heat. Did he have to force it up your tight little cunt?”
‘I’ve figured it out,’ Sherlock said. ‘We get married, next week if we can. And then, oh look Sherlock’s pregnant straight away, yes? So, that’s nine months where he can’t bite me or else cause a miscarriage. And then when it’s born I’ll…’ he trailed off.
Sherlock turned to him and smiled, following him into the kitchen to help him lift the kettle. "It is."
“Just my neck,” John said back softly. He trembled minutely in Sherlock’s arms. He could have pushed the vampire away, but he leaned his head back, letting Sherlock kiss against his broken and marked skin, soft lips and flickering tongue against every nerve. “Sherlock…” He turned his head, and found the vampire’s mouth.
“...stay here?” Sherlock’s voice.
Mycroft ignored him, and looked back at John. “I told you not to go over, and you didn’t listen. And now look. Just… look at you!”
“I believe he used the word ‘unsolvable’,” John smiled.
They went out onto the balcony, and climbed up onto the railings as Big Ben started to chime. Below, crowds of people were counting down to the New Year.
He’d been there, when Sherlock was John’s.
“Because we need to get you a bed for the night, ok? You go to school?”
Craig glanced away. “My sister…. Didn’t get the same chances as you. She… got too sad.” He looked up, into Sherlock’s face. “Our mum and dad cut her long hair off, and buried her in a suit and tie.”
John was looking at him with such a questioning expression that Sherlock could hardly stand it. His voice had been full of pride as he showed him the image, but now he looked concerned, as if he had done something wrong. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Alfie smiled at John, though didn’t offer a hand, as was respectful. “Indeed. Though, the last time I saw you, you were this high,” he indicated with a hand that looked like it could crush John’s head entirely. “You’re looking well. Blooming, in fact.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock snapped. “Your opinions about me, and omegas, are quite crystal.”
Sherlock was distracted. The letter he had received that morning was on his mind more than he liked to admit. He was barely listening to what Mr Thorne was saying, and ended up setting fire to a cloth because he wasn’t paying attention.
"Oh, shit," John moaned, reaching up for Sherlock, fingers curling into his hair and pulling him down. “Sherlock, please…”
He couldn’t tell John, of course he couldn’t.
“John? John Watson?”
John’s eyes slid to the spot on the kitchen floor where Sherlock had almost torn his throat out.
“And he looked shocked? You think this was a mistake? A slip of the tongue? Or something he feels, but did not mean to say?”
Violet hummed. “Hm.”
"Oh," John said, then blushed with a laugh. "Oh. A bedroom you don't use. Your bedroom. Because you don't sleep. I'm an idiot."
“Maybe not,” Sherrinford sighed. “It’s only three years, John. It will go faster than you think. How old are you now?”
Sherlock glanced at him, clearly aware of the tension.
“Yes… I think there’s a bit of nerve damage. How about now?” John’s finger ran down, just a touch.
He found the message in his Drafts, the next morning, and spent all day in a near panic at the thought of what he could have done.
That was the first day they spent together. By the end of it, Sherlock’s trousers were stained and torn, John had a streak of mud down his face, and the two boys had made a start on a rudimentary den made of old fence panels and nails stolen from John’s dad’s toolbox. Sherlock’s parents didn’t know what to make of him when he went home at supper-time looking like an urchin, beaming from ear to ear, his curls on end.
“Come sit with me for a bit.”
“That sounds great,” John said, slumping onto the sofa. “Uh, my arm’s aching.”
“Yes, but that’s not why…” John gestured at the floor.
‘Yes,’ she said. ‘I do.’
John swallowed again. "If we're going to do this," he said, "I don't want to be afraid. And right now, I am. I want... this, but not... that." He glanced at Sherlock's parted lips. "Not this... time."
“No!” Sherlock’s hand jerked up and his drink splattered down his arm. “You can’t, I need to be on this side of the year for my classes!”
“Maybe three, if we think we can cope,” John mused.
“I believe I have heard it mentioned,” Sherlock bit his lip as he watched John push open his clothes, exposing his flat chest, ribcage clearly visible as his stomach caved in a little. A pink blush crept down the omega’s throat and chest. “Um…”
“They didn’t think they’d have to, I suppose,” Sherlock glanced at the alpha. “They didn’t think I’d be… waiting for one.”
He picked up the stick again, sobbing, his vision wobbling as he looked at the stupid thing.
Sherlock nodded, looking at the floor as the nurse swept out of the room. The machines and monitors blinked cheerfully around the room. It was like white noise. It was pleasant. Sherlock could see his reflection in the mirror. He was thin, and dirty, and bleeding, and looked like a tramp.
Warning for gaslighting, perversion, and voyerism.
John daren’t move.
They might as well, John thought as he stroked his mate’s hair. They wouldn’t get many more mornings like this one.
“This is hardly hell,” John said. He pointed at the picture on the presentation. “That, however, is definitely hell.” He looked around for an escape route.
‘Maybe that’s a good thing, though?’
It took John a few days to get over the guilt of using the ultrasound equipment without asking, and the uneasiness of Sherlock’s reaction. John realised, now, that the boy had been hoping, despite what he said in the office, that he was an alpha. It would have made his situation so much easier – he could have had much more bodily autonomy, inherited, and even put off bonding, if he wished. Being told he was either beta or omega seemed to have sent him into shock.
Sherlock didn’t need telling. He was running on instinct as much as John, and there was no turning back, now. The air was full of pheromones, John was someway impaled on cock, and there was no way either of them could walk away.
She waved off her son’s embarrassment. “And what’s more important, is that I can see, and scent, the attachment John has bestowed on you, too.” She looked at John kindly. “You do love my son, do you not?”
The alpha let out a breathy moan. “Never… never found…” Sherlock’s brain short-circuited as John rubbed a bead of welling pre-come from Sherlock’s tip over the rosy smooth flesh of his glans. More pre-come appeared in its place, and Sherlock wondered if he might be teased to death before…
As much as John hated to admit it, the time they spent together after Sherlock had been with Victor (who had never been referred to as anything more than a friend) was so precious to him, he could feel himself aching for the next time. They’d sit together and breathe one another in slowly, watching TV or reading, or talking. Sherlock’s scent was more citrus-y than ever these days, and John had to wonder if the young omega would even make it to seventeen without having a heat.
He had looked down at her, wrapped in a towel and wearing only a nappy, and felt crushingly responsible for her. It was a favour to John – a huge favour – but it was something else as well. He could no more have handed her to a social worker than left her in a cardboard box on the street. He had taken her to the visitors’ lounge and dressed her in the clothes packed into the rucksack, and made up one of the bottles and cartons of milk. Then he sat, in the dark lounge, alone except for the baby, and fed her. By the time the small measure of milk was gone, he had stopped shaking.
John gasped. “For you?”
“You ok, man?” Ryan nudged him.
Sherlock froze in horror, but the closest man rolled his eyes.
Christmas became New Year, and John couldn’t remember when he’d last felt so utterly content. Sherlock was treating him like he was the single most precious object in the world, Sherry kept him laughing almost non-stop, and even Mycroft and Alfie were nice to be around. John ate his own weight in festive food, slept like a log every night, and had several memorable orgasms that caused Alfie to have a quiet word with Sherlock, one morning, asking him to try and be considerate of others.
‘Thank you.’ Sherlock smiled. ‘It’s going to be alright. So long as I don’t end up bonded to someone who just wants me to be some sort of sex-slave, it’ll be alright.’
And then there were arms around him.
Sherlock gently cleaned the dried blood from under his fingernails, from the creases of his hands, his knuckles. The bubbles went up over his wrist, his forearm, washing sweat and iodine and old blood away.
“You’ll love it,” John straightened his cloak. “Just don’t get too drunk, ok?”
John wished his heartbeat would calm down, at least.
?” the new boy whispered to himself, looking over. He looked at the student with their hand up.
“Excellent,” Sherlock grinned. “See you on her doorstep?”
Sherlock stared. It was so… outright. Was John making fun of him?
“It’s quite alright.”
“I’ll send you a card.”
“Me too,” Sherlock let himself be pulled closer; going soft and pliant in John’s hands seemed like the easiest and most natural thing in the world. He eased over John’s thigh and hip until he was snuggled into the alpha’s firm chest, John’s hands running over his pyjama-clad body. Sherlock hadn’t quite had the confidence to sleep nude; though John had, and the alpha’s cock was stirring against Sherlock’s body in a way that made those pleasant shivers return, along with a sort of drawing ache inside him. “Mm…”
“Not at the moment.”
A knot…
‘You don’t look like one.’ Sherlock gave a sad smile. ‘It doesn’t look like it suits you, but you don’t look like an idiot.’
“He’s… yeah, he’s nice,” John said, his cheeks prickling. “It’s just… yeah. Complicated.”
Violet began to stroke Sherlock’s hair. “Oh, Sherlock… Sherlock, this is just a bad morning, it’s alright…”
The omega blushed. “I’d… still like to know.”
“I don’t know. Since January? They’re friends… But last night he came home, and…”
John didn’t reply. He wanted to say
“So, the fact that I like you is irrelevant?”
“But it did.”
“Oh.” John put the jar down. He doubted he was overdoing it on the carrots, but Sherlock telling him he might be made him feel strange. “I’ll make toast, then.” But he didn’t move. Why was he changing his plan just because Sherlock had said something?
“Only when you know,” John huffed, sitting up straighter.
“Then, it seems to me that the matter is settled,” Justice Graves picked up a pen, and signed something. “Legal custody of Omega John Hamish Watson is hereby passed to William Sherlock Scott Holmes, until John is eighteen, or otherwise legally emancipated.” She banged her gavel. “Good morning.”
“I don’t feel like I know you, sometimes,” Sherlock folded his arms. “That was why I… Yeah.” He sat up, and swallowed as if his throat ached. “John… You scared me, that day. You know?”
No one disagreed with him.
“And that took you ten days?”
“Yes, and it will seem fast to me, even if it is a lifetime for you,” Sherlock put the cup he’d been nursing down. It was mostly full. “But I’m tired of being afraid of that. I want to be with you, and I know what that will mean. It’s... just what has to be.”
“Thanks.”
“You’ll have fun, this weekend,” James interrupted, as if desperate to speak. His hands were clenched by his sides, and in the harsh lighting of the kitchen strip-lights, his scars looked like melted wax, dripping down his face. It wasn’t a pleasant image, and John wished he could unthink it, but he couldn’t, not now. “You’ll have fun, with… him. You were really happy when you came back from shopping, the other day.”
“Aren’t you lucky?” Violet said, as they set off for home.
Sherlock was face-down on the mattress, his legs spread wide, slick leaking out of his puckered pink hole. He was sweaty and dishevelled and twitching in obvious need. He also looked close to unconscious.
John was already breathing a touch harder than usual (nothing anyone would have like noticed) as he took off his shoes. He also hadn’t shouted to ask if Sherlock was in.
“Things change when omegas are in heat,” John breathed.
John considered snuggling back under the covers, but the scent was making him feel strange, so he forced himself up, and into the en suite bathroom, where it took ages for him to figure out the taps and the shower, but he eventually managed it. Mycroft had guest toiletries, like he was a hotel, so John came out smelling of lemons, but clean.
“Oh?” John raised his eyebrows. “Is that what you’re calling yourself?”
John’s underwear was no more than a lacy pair of knickers, that clung to his shape, leaving nothing to the imagination. They hugged the curve of his arse, his wide thighs – leftovers from the army that John would never really lose – and the bulge of his cock. The lingerie dragged up from the crack of John’s arse, the lace reaching up over his spine in a thin line, over his shoulders to a thick lace collar that had him fast around the neck.
, he’s resting his head on top of John’s.
John pressed his hands together, thinking, then shoved Sherlock’s bag out of the way, to sit closer. “Sherlock, last night… that’s the first time I’ve done something like that? If you felt like you couldn’t say ‘no’… I’m really sorry.”
“Well… you’ve not exactly been sweetness and light.”
Sherlock stood. He couldn’t take his coat, scarf or bag. It would look suspicious. Thank god his phone was in his pocket.
‘We’ve never been alone for long, but it just hapened,’ Joseph said. He took a pull on his cigarette to calm himself. ‘Please don’t spread it about.’
Or, it was being around John. And not being around John. It was all too confusing.
Sherlock shuddered, practically melting against John’s mouth and hands, not putting up the slightest resistance as John pushed him sideways, down onto the sofa, and climbed on top of him. He lay on the cushions, looking debauched. His clothes were askew, lips bruised red and throat blotched red with kisses and pressure.
"I think I'd want to do the same," the man said, quietly, exhaustion creeping into his voice.
“Don’t push now, Sherlock. Just let gravity do its thing. Deep breaths, pant if you need to. But don’t push, my lovely.”
“Are you ok?” John asked.
“But you didn’t come back.”
“You bastard!”
John smirked wickedly. ‘Or I could just step back, and –’
“His parents will be very aware that he’s… attractive, for want of a better word. They won’t want him to end up being anything less than a bond-mate, and that’s why they don’t want you going over.”
The shower clunked off eventually, and by the time John had set out tea and toast and boiled eggs, Sherlock was shuffling into the kitchen in yesterday’s clothes, his hair still damp.
“No problem. Now,” the man crossed his legs and slung an arm over the back of the bench. “D’you want to tell me why you ran away from my colleague yesterday?”
“So, you’ve fucked other people, and that’s fine,” Sherlock sing-songed, “but when I do it, you’re angry. What’s that about?”
Sherlock broke it, first. “I was going to say ‘mine’.”
John stared at the desk, for a moment. “It’s a long story.”
“And the trousers do nothing for you.”
Sherlock made no move to pull him away. If John wanted to torment himself by staring at the pedestrians, he was welcome to it.
“Just… fucking… Use your mouth for something other than talking,” John said in a rush, his own words making his cock harden further. “Please.”
This week off was very welcome. They could spend time together, and wake up slowly, and do things other than do homework and eat increasingly experimental meals.
Sherlock shook his head. “How can I contact him? And what would I say?”
He opened his case, and lifted the violin out.
Victor let out a sob, covering his mouth. “Amy?”
‘Where are you going?’
He was Sherlock’s. Or, almost.
“Because you’re back,” Sherlock spoke over him. “It’s alright, I understand your instincts will force you to seek out protection, and your mate is the most logical solution for that, but after what you did…”
“It’s natural!” Sherlock pouted.
“Jesus,” John had heard of the procedure, but it was quite new, and he didn’t know if there had been any babies born. “Was that the end?”
What about kids like Sherlock?
, Sherlock. You’re growing up rapidly, and you smell…” John closed his eyes for a moment. “You smell… desirable. Not every alpha would wait until you went into heat, Sherlock. You’re… a desirable young man.”
The other boys, however, were very interested. A couple of them were mature already, and the rest, like John, were on the cusp. The air was thick with hormones.
“It is extremely rare, yes, but not unheard of. It does happen, and, as you can see…” the doctor passed over photos of the scan Sherlock had had the day before. “Uterus, and ovaries… he’s an omega. Count yourselves lucky that you found out before he hit puberty.”
“Find John!” Sherlock shouted over his brother. “Find him!”
"Bit scared of falling on my arse," John said, taking another tentative step.
Sherlock nodded, looking at John’s hands, raising his head for a good look at his face, close-up. John let him, making no effort to hide his age, or the history in his face. Sherlock’s face was still round-ish, little freckles on his nose, a spot on his jaw-line that looked so smooth John didn’t think he’d started shaving. Christ, what were they thinking giving him this boy?
Sherlock mirrored his feelings by turning beet-red. “Oh.”
Sherlock shook his head quickly hiding his face in John’s shoulder. “’s’not ok.”
John’s eyes moved to focus on his face. “Sherlock…” he took a breath he didn’t need. “Sherlock, I don’t think I can…”
He knew.
“Woah,” the man caught Sherlock by the shoulders as he toppled forward, crashing them both to the floor. “Shit, you need an ambulance.”
John had the slight feeling Sherlock was avoiding looking at him, but didn’t have time to think about it before Cam’s pale eyes met his own.
with how good it feels. Make you pull me so deep inside…” he pushed his middle finger in, and let out a cry of his own.
“He said that? Not – not help him, or find an alpha…?”
“Ok…” the man leaned against the wall.
“I won’t go into details, John. Not at your age. Now… we need to get you packed up.”
bit. I just…” tears started properly, then. “I wish it wasn’t the case…” he cried out then as another contraction hit him, and John didn’t bother timing it, just held him tight, rocking him through it.
Annoyance flared in Sherlock. “What about it?”
“And I hate baby shops,” he said. “Maternity clothes. All the stuff that comes with it.”
“Don’t say you’re happy about it,” John pointed a finger at him. “Don’t you dare. I never wanted this. I wanted… I… fuck, I was going to leave you to try and stay safe and I…” he balled a hand into a fist and smashed it down onto the floorboards, going straight through. “I wish I was dead,” he said, humourlessly. “I really do.” He brought his hand up and looked at it, at the splinters falling away from his skin. “And instead I’ve got to kill someone else.”
The nurse handed him a plastic bottle. ‘Could you give us a sample? You’ve your own bathroom just there. Do you need help getting up?’
They suited one another.
John fished his phone out and handed it to the omega. “You know his number?”
Moriarty wanted to poison John’s mind, John’s image of Sherlock.
“No, you’re rightly cautious,” John said, pushing his overactive imagination away. “He could well have been here… And to be honest, I’m not sure what I’d have done if he had been.”
“I know,” Sherlock said. “I’m… I might come into maturity soon. My brother did when he was sixteen. So…”
“Yes,” Sherlock winced. John had sent him the article about omegas being force-bonded on their sixteenth birthday or the heat closest to it back before it was illegal. “That was an unpleasant truth to learn.”
‘Everyone does at school,’ Sherlock said. He shrugged.
"My parents." The boy threaded his fingers together. He was, thankfully, fully dressed in a fitted suit. John had heard horror stories of alpha friends coming home to naked omegas, omegas tied up, drugged men and women and all sorts. This boy was well-groomed and looked clean and well cared-for. His hair was brushed nicely back, and he was makeup-free, making him look healthy, rather than drawn.
The land-walker – the
John wasn’t even supposed to be there. He’d taken the locum shift as a favour to a friend, and overstayed his rota-time, and now he was here…
“Everyone needs to tell,” John blubbed, tears running down his face. “You – you have to tell me that, and – and I have to tell Lestrade about your fucking dad, and – and I don’t want to do it anymore. I don’t – want – want to –” He had turned, and was sobbing into Sherlock’s shirt front, the comforting scent of alpha filling his lungs as he soaked and snotted all over the expensive cotton, and Sherlock stroked his hair. “Why can’t everything just stay a secret?”
John let out a cry, but didn’t fight more. The sensation of being held by this alpha was overpowering – he had almost no will to fight. His inner omega, still dormant for the most part, was trying desperately to keep him from harm. And the easiest way to do that, was to submit.
John had never dared leave him like that for long.
“Like wecould be the only people in it,” Sherlock added. “Eerie, don’t you think?”
John assumed Greg must have already gone. He leaned against the sink, and watched his round stomach pop into sight as his towel slid down. There was a single silvery stretch-mark beside his navel. He ran a finger over it in disgust.
John smiled. “I love you, you idiot.”
“Sorry…” John felt an urge to hide, all of a sudden.
“It’s not likely to change, either,” John called from the kitchen. “You know that?”
A tiny bronchial puncture. No foreign body, and no real worry about scarring due to the placement. It was lucky. Ish. Sherlock could have torn his wind-pipe out. But he also could have left John enough blood in his body to stay conscious.
“How?” John shook his head. “He’s run off.”
“I’ll still be….
“Sherlock, what the fuck’s going on?”
“John…”
He wanted to sleep all the time, now. It was one of his defining characteristics. Where before, he had gone days without, now he had the urge to close his eyes all the time. The doctors said that was normal, and he should rest and sleep as much as his body needed. Sherlock, on the other hand, was afraid that one day he would fall asleep and not wake up again.
She smiled, though it didn’t quite meet her eyes. “I’m fine, John. Just a bit run down, at the moment. Had to take a bit of a break from college.”
“…however did she become a teacher?”
“John, drop your hands.”
Mycroft stared at him. “I suppose it wouldn’t be too crass to say
“John?!”
“John…” Sherlock breathed. “You… you were…”
“So?” Sherry snorted, rather unkindly, John thought. “He’s just a beta. What can he offer him?”
room.” John pulled Sherlock off the wall. “Two minutes?”
"Who came to the base around the time of Brooks' death?" Sherlock started pumping his fingers in and out, curling and twisting both in search of John's prostate as he scraped his teeth over John's stomach, leaving red marks all over his skin.
“If you want me to go, that’s fine,” Victor said. “I don’t mind, John… I just heard on the grapevine, and…” he held up a bunch of flowers.
They were bonded, now. In more than legal terms. This was a bonding of souls, of bodies and minds – they would never truly be apart, no matter the miles, unless they wanted to be. If they fell out of love, their bond would, in years to come, eventually crumble as Violet and Siger Holmes’ had. But now, fresh and new, and awash with love, their bond was the strongest it would ever be.
Mycroft was visibly vibrating with emotion. His eyes were bright, and the grip on his umbrella so tight he looked in danger of snapping the handle clean off. The scent of alpha dominance radiated off him, making John duck his head in horror, avoiding his brother in law’s eyes as James’ defences immediately jumped up, and he glared at the interrupting visitor.
John put a hand over his mouth. Forced bonding was a disgusting crime, rumoured to still be practiced in the upper classes, to secure family lines. “You’re sure?”
Mycroft nodded, and sat back. “Very well. You’ll forgive the overprotectiveness... as I say, Sherlock doesn’t make an impression on many people... at least not one where the other person would wish to keep in touch. Without some sort of motive.”
John had never felt so ashamed and embarrassed in his life. “You can expect a letter from my solicitor,” he lied, hoping he sounded frightening.
It was Victor Trevor, a pleasant alpha boy whose grades were middling, but had enough enthusiasm for his subject to see him through. He waited for Sherlock to come down the steps, and said something to him that made Sherlock roll his eyes, but they went off together, close enough to be a couple, though not touching.
,” Sherlock hissed. He glared at John as if he was solely to blame. “This…” he wrenched off his scarf and coat as he spoke, “this is not what I wanted, alright?”
“Found a uterus,” John said. "Stay very still, Sherlock, I’m going to try and measure it, see if your ovaries are developing…”
“I… don’t have any here, really,” Sherlock said. “My… everyone goes home in the holidays from school.”
John wished he could sink into the hall carpet and disappear. “That’s why… I never expected this, I just thought this was somewhere to stay –”
She nodded. “So, would you like me to –”
“Ok. Wow,” John said, his voice slightly unsteady. “Wow.”
“Well, that’s stupid,” John snorted. “It says here that the most common types are O and A, and that would mean there were loads of alphas and omegas running around, and hardly any betas. And I don’t think that’s right.”
“In the car, and all the way to the hotel I kept thrashing, and scaring myself thinking about what I wanted from an omega. I’d never felt like that before. I haven’t since.” Sherlock looked at John. “Siger sent for an omega, one he’d chosen for my first rut.”
John eyes Sherlock’s throat. “What happens?” he asked. “If I bite you? Can I… drink blood?”
James’ hand shot out, and gripped John’s hair.
There was an awkward silence.
“He was trying…” Sherlock stopped, pressing his lips together. His eyes shone for a second. “He was trying to –”
‘Yes, I give up.’
“That’s… not quite it, either,” John said, trying to think. “It’s…. I like you. Sherlock. That’s all there is to it. I like you. And you’re… transgender. They’re not separate things, but they don’t have anything to do with each other. It’s difficult to explain.”
Crushing disappointment steamrollered into him, then. He put his head on the desk with a bang, and didn’t even bother trying not to cry. Tears rolled down his nose and cheeks, soaking the wood, and kept coming as he tried to wipe them away, wetting his jumper sleeves, smearing tears across his skin, tasting salt, his chest shaking as great heaving sobs started to wrack through his body.
“I think rather the opposite,” Sherlock said softly. “I think Archie does not push Sherrinford, because he knows he does not want to be pushed. Sherry might not want children. Maybe he doesn’t even like the idea of sex.”
Mycroft took the day off work to drive him down to Oxford, and John sent silent prayers towards the car as the family did their goodbyes. They were all out on the sweeping gravel drive, in the sunshine, Violet and Eurus in those sundress things that women wore when it was too hot for chinos, John in shorts, but Siger and his sons still in their suit trousers. Sherrinford was absent, of course, having said his goodbye over the phone the night before.
“Poorer than you. I guess maybe ‘poor’ isn’t the right word. Working class? Is that a thing?”
He closed the book, and put it under his pillow when his dorm-mates came in that night. They were still giggling about the lesson that day, and Sherlock listened to them, cradling the knowledge he had, and no one else did.
“She’s Birdie,” Sherlock said.
He stood, clearing his head, and carefully exited the room, heading into the kitchens where there were plates of vol au vents ready to be taken out to the guests. He ignored the rich food, and grabbed a bar of chocolate from the ‘secret drawer’, which wasn’t really a secret.
“That – that thing you showed me…” Sherlock adjusted his coat. “…why did it blur, at the end?”
Then he pulled back entirely.
“Tell that to society at large.”
Sherlock took John’s coat and hung it up. “Why are you here, Mycroft? Checking to see if I’ve cracked, yet?”
Sherlock crossed his legs. “We should go back down.”
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “Is that your instrument?”
‘And… the Baccalaureate? University?’
“Fanks,” Sherlock huffed through his swollen mouth.
“Er, next week,” John glanced at the floor.
‘I know.’ John grinned, scraping his teeth down Sherlock’s pectoral muscle, over to his sternum, and moved down, kissing and licking the salt of his sweat. Sherlock moaned again, his cock throbbing. He’d agreed to this as part of their experimenting with dominance, but he hadn’t factored just how terrible not being able to move would be.
“Thank you,” Sherlock sipped again, the temperature better this time. “I should submit that essay as well… I could do it now, whilst she’s asleep.”
Sherlock got up, and took John into his arms, pulling him close, kissing his face over and over.
a beta?”
“I’ve just come out the army, mate,” John shrugged. “I left everything I owned before then at Sherlock’s. I don’t know what he’s done with it all – Mycroft’s probably burned it.”
“You came over,” John smiled. “That’s not changed. Actually…” he leant up on an elbow. “You seem the same, to me.”
Sherlock hesitated. “You’ll find out, if you read those. It’s… just a precaution.”
“Yes…” John glanced away.
“No problem,” Victor closed the till. “If it gets worse, go to A&E, or a walk-in, ok? Don’t just suffer.”
“She couldn’t pass them on, that’s all you need to know,” Mycroft dug into the carpet with his umbrella.
“Fine.”
“Sherlock Watson-Holmes.”
“I will be fine,” John repeated. “Sherlock… I wish I’d never said anything.”
“… THREE, TWO, ONE… HAPPY NEW YEAR!”
‘I never said that.’
“I… didn’t expect this,” Sherlock said. “I was told you’d… bite me, and then… They told me about that. About how to do
After a week, John took the final dressing off Sherlock’s bite.
“Oh, let them,” Sherry led the way out. “All I’ve heard since I arrived is Sherlock this, Gregory that… they’re so obsessed with themselves. Do you know, Mycroft would rather ask me about Alfie’s business than anything I’ve been doing. Alphas, I swear.”
James’ face crumpled a little, and he took half a step forward. “Then he’s a fucking idiot.”
“And I’m pregnant,” John added.
“I’m so full,” Sherlock sighed, putting his crust down. “But I want to carry on eating.”
Sherlock looked away, the hair on the back of his neck prickling, the tingles spreading down the backs of his arms.
John made a noise of protest at that - the octopus-man had been quite gentle as it touched him so far, like it was learning, or something - but John wasn't sure he wanted one of those tentacles in his mouth, even if the suckers weren't hurting him anymore. He tensed, trying to shuffle back, but he was trapped fast. And the creature ignored his movements, and instead ran the tip of a tentacle over his teeth, bottom and top, before prodding at his tongue. There was no taste whatsoever, which was a relief. The tentacle touched again, winding around John's tongue to grip, before inching towards the back of his throat.
“I think I love you,” Sherlock breathed, his eyes closed.
“What – did he force you?”
“John, you’re perfect,” Sherlock fell to his knees, speaking to John’s tear-streaked face. “John, I want to be with you, not just now – but I do want you now – but I’ll be kind to you, I swear it, I don’t want to hurt you, please let me, John. John, please, I want to be inside you…”
Baby Watson-Holmes makes her appearance.
) yawning, accepting a plate with a bacon sandwich on it. “Thanks. Oh, you’re brilliant, you are.” He took a bite out of it and made an obscene noise.
Sherlock reached into the flash with the tweezers.
‘It’s not as simple as that,’ Sherlock said, miserably. ‘Cam – Magnussen… he made it clear that I’d started it. I… was asking for it.’
Sherlock clutched at the sofa cushions, jerking his hips a little, but John was expecting it, going slack at the jaw to swallow, pulling off a bit before sinking his mouth back onto the omega’s cock.
“Who should?”
John followed the nurse in, taking careful steps in his slippers, over to one of the plastic boxes. There was a pink blanket draped over the top, a bundle of notes beneath, and several monitors, from which lines and tubes ran into the box.
“Sherlock…” John sighed, pressing his phone into his forehead. “Fucksake.”
“You don’t have to thank me.”
“Yeah, he is,” John said, darkly. “Maybe I am, too, though.”
“Not in Mummy’s opinion,” Sherlock snorted. “She doesn’t approve.”
Sherlock wondered if he’d been pretending.
“Good,” the smaller dark-haired vampire said. “We’ll stay where we are, then. This is as good a spot as any. Did you have a fun afternoon?”
No reply.
“Don’t be so sure.” John took his arm, and pulled him.
“Exp…” Greg put the mugs down on the closest desk. “John… what the fuck is going on?”
“But it’s irrelevant,” Sherlock said, confidence from with the drink or John’s hand in his making him continue to speak. “I’ve chosen an alpha for if I present omega. If I don’t, there’s nothing I can do about it.”
Sherlock howled, punching a hole clean through the plaster in the wall beside him before his shoulders relaxed.
Sherlock swallowed. “And what does growing up smell like?”
The creature looked down at them both, and then back to John's face, before speaking again. It didn't sound cross, at least. Was it asking another question? What was going
‘He wants control of his own drip,’ Doctor Fisher said softly, ‘but you know the rules about opiate addicts, John. You’ve spent a lot of time with him, what do you think?’
“More or less,” John said, wincing as he and Sherlock ‘landed’. He didn’t understand why they couldn’t just get a cab. He leaned against the frame that separated the lounge from the kitchen. “What about you?”
“Get me un-blacklisted,” John snapped. “You’re in charge of everything, aren’t you? Sort it out!”
, John thought. “I’m glad to hear it,” he lied.
John gave a sad smile.
Sherlock dropped his hands down, and waited. John felt a rush of affection for him, then.
Sherlock cocked his head, never breaking his gaze from hers. "Not very admirable of you, not owning up to what you worked so hard to accomplish, Colonel. Tell me, do you think you'll be more ashamed if you admit defeat while your humiliation is minimal, or when the truth is pried from your lips, and the people who wished to believe you --your daughter, for instance - are disappointed and devastated by the crushing reality of the monster you are."
John smiled, and they leaned together to kiss.
Sherlock whined softly, hiding his face, now, his cock twitching as if he was close already.
“It’s better than biting yourself.”
And this was another step.
face.
He didn’t care about it. Not really. He didn’t care about omegas, or babies, or even John, beyond what was polite for flatmates. Maybe John was more interesting than most people, and he wasn’t a total idiot, but the fact was… he was pregnant. With another alpha’s baby. And Sherlock would not allow his interest in the situation to become anything other than… being interested. In the facts.
Sherlock screamed into a pillow.
Sherlock stared. “John, please. Flowers? A change of job? A night out?”
“And moving,” Sherlock said, looking down John’s top at the pink creature. “And… apparently hungry.”
“That,” John blushed, “just sort of … happened.”
Sherlock shrugged. “No duets, then. Unless you sing?” he looked half-hopeful.
John reached for his own tea. "Do you want me with you? When you question?"
“Well,” John shrugged. “You’ll probably find someone you like better than me.”
to, he just
Mr Thorne snorted. ‘You’re being ridiculous, Sherlock. Joseph stayed, and came back, by choice. He wasn’t forced to do anything. He made his own decisions. Same as you.’
“Um…”
John was suddenly aware of Sherlock’s ankle pressing hard against his own. He badly wanted to turn and look at him, but here at the table there was nowhere to hide.
Violet opened the door, and showed him in. “Sherlock, this is John Watson, dear.”
“That... helps, actually,” John said truthfully. He relaxed against Sherlock’s body. “Ongoing pain... I’d appreciate a warning.”
“Fine.”
He gave a tentative smile in the mirror.
“Yes,” Sherlock said guiltily. He’d woken that morning in John’s bed, soaked in his scent, the sense of comfort weighing him down so he had to drag himself from his nest and into the shower. John had gone to work, leaving a note promising to be back for four that afternoon. Sherlock had showered, and promptly climbed back into his nest, disappointed that the alpha scent seemed to have worn off a bit. Or else, he was getting used to it. He didn’t really like the idea. He preferred it fresh.
John’s eyes went wide. “Dropped out?!”
“Hm? Oh, yes…” he took some milk from the fridge. “I thought you could sleep in the first spare room –”
"James!" John shouted, standing from the table. He didn't sound worried for Sherlock, which was smart of him. He was worried for the major.
“It’s ok,” John breaths against his neck. “It’s ok. It’s…”
John tried to stop being hopeful. “So…”
“That’s why I made you do it.” John took out a fold of gauze. “Is it still bleeding?”
“Then don’t let me keep you.”
John tensed, bracing himself for a barrage of abuse from one side or the other.
“Apparently so,” Sherlock started to spread butter. “For some reason it makes perfect sense to this government to restrict a person’s future to a result dependent on their performance in tests as a sixteen-year-old.”
If they realised he did like Sherlock, it could all go wrong. It wasn't that he didn't agree with them - he was sure Sherlock was gay, but he wasn't sure Sherlock liked him back. There'd been a few moments - ice skating, and when they gave each other books for Christmas, and Sherlock's birthday, where he'd had John over for a pizza, and they'd gradually scooted closer together until there was only a hair's breadth between their arms, and Sherlock's breathing went all raggedy, and he wouldn't look John in the eye.
on his lap. Not an omega in heat, or a beta turning on the charm. Just… Sherlock. John wanted… to make love to him. But that didn’t have to mean sex. That meant what they were doing now – holding one another, inhaling the closeness of themselves, gently rocking their bodies together with no destination in sight.
“Not ill, exactly,” Mycroft sipped his coffee. “Unwell, would be a better descriptor. It’s a difficult process, the first time, I understand.”
Sherlock glanced back at Mycroft. He was vibrating with anger. Sherlock daren’t look away. He cleared his throat. “You heard?”
Like all children, none of them took much notice of their differences until they were pointed out. And a few peaceful (if not actually happy) years passed before the pupils at St Bede’s were sat down in a science class, and given a rudimentary introduction to sex education and growing up. The lesson was age-appropriate and tasteful, and the girls giggled happily as they watched a film about how their bodies would change when they were teenagers.
It felt like the end of an era. Next time John saw Sherlock, he’d be getting ready to leave for Cheltenham, for two years of training. They’d have John’s going-away party, and then that would be it. It was all over. The love that John had been nursing for Sherlock for the past decade almost had come to a dead end. There wasn’t going to be a fairytale ending, and their lives were splitting off in two very different directions.
“I didn’t have a choice!” Sherlock started pacing. “John was… he would have…”
Not immediately, anyway. He knew how much Sherlock hated distractions whilst he was on a case, and he was right in assuming that John's condition would, in fact be a distraction. He did not, however, imagine that a John-shaped Distraction would be a welcome one. It wasn't like his brother to form attachments.
John thought he might faint.
Sherlock might be an omega boy (John had heard his own parents talking about how unusual this was, and how much Sherlock was going to lead a strange sort of life if he didn’t have the right encouragement), but in John’s eyes he was just a slightly odd, very clever lad, who knew about bugs and trees and science, and didn’t know anything about football or video games. He didn’t see what Sherlock’s secondary gender had to do with anything. Truth be told, he had no idea how that made Sherlock and him different.
“No,” Sherlock said quickly. “If it happens –
He stood, in the lounge, catching his breath.
He didn’t even feel ashamed at the lie. If John crept across the hall to his room in the night… Sherlock bit his lip. Would there be more kissing? Touching? John had said he wasn’t ready for
“Ow!” He stumbled back, clutching his nose. “What –”
Have a wonderful day,
It wasn’t fear he felt, exactly. That was too soft a word for it. It was almost disappointment. Disappointment in his own behaviour, his own actions that had led to this. Disappointment that he had almost gotten everything he wanted. And he could still have it, if John gave up his dream.
Sherlock closed the front door with a ‘click’. He leaned his back against it, and shut his eyes, letting the piercing anxiety rush through him for a moment, before it dulled into a feeling of emptiness, of cold nothing, dragging at him like a deadweight.
John blinked in the darkness. “…oh.”
“Just leave it, John. I don’t need them saying my
John sipped his coffee. “Well, no. It’s a bit more than that.”
John glanced up, afraid of what he might see.
“We can try to just ignore him?”
John was mortified. He'd actually orgasmed from the creature's attentions. He'd had no control over himself at all. This was appalling. This had to be a dream. Perhaps if he shut his eyes tight enough he would wake up…
John shrugged. “If I can help you, I’ll get my wings, yes, but that’s not the important thing. The important thing is being able to be with you, even if it’s just for tonight.”
“Oh, their son had taken a little shine to you,” Violet said. “Wanted to know if you were still at school. We told them you were, of course.”
“…telling you what?”
The doctor looked him over. “Fine.”
“We don’t have time for ‘ready’,” Mycroft said. “We need to file a case
John frowned. “Chosen? I thought… just the closest one?”
“Nothing!” Sherlock shrieked. “I didn’t say… he looked shocked, like it just slipped out.”
“Reschedule it, this is important.”
“She needs help,” John said. “Does she even get any? Or is she just locked up?”
The double-doors opened, and a small host of uniformed people marched through.
Sherlock didn’t bother asking what he meant. “It involves suspending your free will. It alters your DNA. It is a process human science cannot replicate, or even understand.”
“Mycroft, I’m sweating,” he complained.
“What’re you reading?” Sherlock asked, utching his knee a touch closer, his heart hammering at his own daring. Omegas didn’t make moves like this. He was probably making John uncomfortable.
Then he took a deep breath, and put Molly’s experiment in the chamber, closing the door firmly.
“Oh…” Sherlock scented anyway, sniffing at his brother’s chest and suit, getting a little comfort from the closeness. Mycroft let him, stroking Sherlock’s hair gently.
John sighed. “Sherlock, I’m a doctor. I’ve been around omegas in heat, and haven’t leapt on any of them.”
TERRITORIAL ARMY
She smiled, sickly. “Who says I don’t want them?”
“Oh, so you like a bit of rough?” John teased.
He glanced over at John, who had fallen asleep on the sofa. He’d been out of hospital for a week, and between all the night-feeds, post-operative fatigue and emotional stress, he was exhausted. Sherlock felt the same way, though he was used to running on very little sleep and seemed to be coping better.
“Yeah, that was bad,” John winced. “Sorry.”
Sherlock did not look up at him.
“Not really. It sort of burns. It’s bloody though…” Sherlock looked at his wound again.
“Please,” he tried begging instead, his omega instincts screaming at him. “Please, don’t – please – I –”
“Well, I’m not like that,” James folded his arms. “I just want to check you’re ok.”
Mycroft didn’t ask again.
There was a silence. Then…
John raised a hand. Then dropped it, looking sheepishly around. ‘I really want to kiss you, you know.’
“Being a cock-tease.”
John's shaking hand dropped down.
Maybe there’d be time for him to eat a spinach salad before... before what? Sherlock would be going Home, wherever that was, as soon as he could get a flight out. John was going to be a meal, and then an afterthought.
‘You’re mine, aren’t you?’ John asked softly. ‘You can wait for me.’
“Yes,” John blushed. “I – I realise that, given the, er, circumstances –”
“Um…” John blushed scarlet, not wanting to look up at Sherlock, not wanting to move off because then Sherlock would
John nodded.
There were happy noises from the couples, and some dark muttering from John and Sherlock.
James nodded, tears streaming from both eyes, cradling his left wrist. “J-”
“With Nutella.”
“You honestly think I thought so little of you? Sherlock, your brain –”
“I can feel a rut coming on,” John said, embarrassed.
Sherlock just made a frustrated noise in reply, and let John nudge his legs further apart to settle between them, hands and fingers running over his arse, his perineum, the drawn-up flesh of his balls, everywhere but his erection. Sweat broke out again on his forehead, and he gasped.
“Please?” Sherlock kissed the alpha’s hand again, and John knew he was done for.
John nodded, sitting back against the rest of the wheelchair. He realised he was exhausted, and dirty, and his brain was almost actively shutting down against the situation. He looked back at his daughter, laying like a starfish on the pad, covered in tubes, a nappy as big as she was taped carefully around her middle. She had a few longer strands of dark hair on her head, and her entire tiny self was covered in a fluffy down, like a little chick. She was very red. She didn’t look much like either of them, in her face… she wasn’t cooked enough.
The judge turned to Tabitha. “Can you respond to this?”
Weren’t they?
“…I don’t know.”
This was what it meant to be bonded.
“I am,” John said. “But Sherlock… you realise that things can’t be exactly the same? The last time I saw you…” he winced, “the last time I saw you, you walked into my den, smelling of some other alpha – smelling of sex with an alpha who wasn’t me. I never realised… I never acknowledged, I mean… what you meant to me until that moment. I wanted only to keep you safe and happy, because I care for you. And for you to choose someone else over me… Deep inside, it help like betrayal. Like you didn’t care for what I’d done for you.”
John gave a rueful grin. “I don’t play like that, Sherlock.”
“She’s a lovely weight,” the midwife said, handing the apparently 6lb 13oz baby back to Sherlock, who was now in bed. “Congratulations. Does she have a name, yet?”
“He’s not going to foster care.”
“Hopefully you won’t have twins,” she looked at her own. “They’re beautiful, yes, but they’re exhausting.”
“Yes.”
John frowned, then rubbed his arms carefully, as if warming himself, looking at the creature. “Were you keeping me warm?” he asked, as if talking to a bear at the circus.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's middle, lifting him up and keeping him as close as possible, breathing him in until they parted due to a shout that the aircraft was ready. They stared at each other for a long moment as John's feet touched the ground again. Sherlock brushed his nose over John's, then leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to the heavy purple bruise at the soldier's neck.
‘You’re cleaning that up,’ Sherlock said.
Sherlock smiled. “I suppose we are. Keep your phone on.”
John noticed the bunch of his sock, and used the toe of his other foot to flex and smooth the woollen fabric out.
“Then, you won’t be wanting any more,” Sherlock lunged for the glass.
It wasn’t better.
ALL GENDERS AND AGES CONSIDERED
John nodded. “Yeah. That wasn’t great. Turns out nothing tests your urge to be a doctor like finding your friend injured.”
“Ok, then. One last push, and she’ll be born. You ready?”
“You haven’t done cases for a few weeks,” John reminded him. Lestrade put his foot down once Sherlock reached thirty-five weeks and started needing to pee every hour on the hour. “Were you going to –”
“I believe it is,” Sherlock said. “For our parents, at least. Omegas are quite rare, you know. Boys, or girls. I imagine the classes at your school are quite small?”
They had tea with Cam (it seemed somehow easier to think of him like that), and Sherlock borrowed two volumes on molecular biology before they started to collect their coats. Violet Holmes handed Sherlock a present-bag, and told him to give it to Cam, and he did so, wondering why she couldn’t just pass it over herself.
Sherlock shook his head. ‘I shouldn’t have been on my own with him.’
“You should put shorts on, you’re going to sweat and get grass all over your knees,” John said, looking at Sherlock’s school trousers.
“A bit. But I don’t want to stop.”
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft Holmes said amicably, staying firmly on the doorstep. John nodded, stepping to the side to allow the alpha in.
“Is it a crime scene?”
John glanced at his parents. Neither of them had ever done anything like that, but they didn’t seem surprised by seeing other people doing it. Maybe it was a posh sort of kissing.
, when he stopped himself. This omega was a teacher. A mother, and a teacher. She’d been to university. She had a degree. He closed his mouth, and swallowed, before trying again.
Greg poured John some water.
The door to the room closed.
John's POV
More silence, the car rumbling along the road.
Sherlock didn’t smile. He just nodded. “Right. See you.”
Lestrade sighed. “Because if the only reason you’re holding off on John is you’re worried about having to deal with another alpha’s baby… Sherlock… you’re already concerned about it.”
John Watson stood there, in a white coat and suit and tie, a stethoscope around his neck, looking at Sherlock as if he was a ghost.
It looked like Mycroft had presented his evidence.
"In what way?" Sherlock asked, rolling his eyes as he put John's bag on the sofa and began on his own coat, ripping off his scarf.
John nosed at Sherlock’s neck, up his jaw, listening to the low rumble of comfort he drew from Sherlock’s throat. And gradually, the two young men found one another’s kiss, as soft and gentle, and as comforting as it could be.
It was nothing like he’d imagined. As soon as his back hit the mattress again, Sherlock’s mouth latched onto his throat, John orgasmed. He cried out in a broken and ragged voice, arching from the bed as he held onto Sherlock’s hair with one hand. Pleasure shot through him fast, but refused to die down. It burned through him fiercely, setting his nerves on fire, and wouldn’t be extinguished. It grew hotter, and harder, and drained him in the most wonderful way he could imagine.
Sherlock stared at the tiny box, in its gilt gift-wrap. “What… what is this?”
The note sat on the mantelpiece, unread, for now. John didn’t have it in him to read it, quite yet. He suspected it would be full of apologies and reasoning… and he didn’t need that, right now.
Sherlock wandered in, familiar with the layout of the house. Mycroft followed him, sticking weirdly close like a sheepdog.
They’d done things like this. But it had always stopped. They’d taken off their tops, but not their bottoms. They’d taken baby steps.
John folded his arms. “I’m not going to ask him any of that, don’t be weird. And I don’t know. I can’t smell anything, yet.” He tightened the lace of his boot to his sudden embarrassment over not yet being mature. Funny, it had never bothered him until that moment.
Sherlock blinked. “You… what?”
Sherlock’s hands were shaking in the dirt. “John,” he croaked. “John, I… I’m…”
"You're welcome," John smiled, and reached for Sherlock's hands again. Sherlock gave them up, happily. "Now, you going to show me how to skate, or not?"
“It doesn’t.” Victor brought John’s mug over, and set it down on the coffee table. They took their seats in the armchairs – John in his old one, Victor in Sherlock’s. “You had sex, didn’t you?”
“We are preparing to bring an accusation of kidnap against Mycroft Holmes,” the solicitor said. “However, that will depend upon the outcome of this hearing, Madam Justice.”
“So, how was school?” Charles sat in the chair Sherlock had been sat on the arm of. He indicated the arm again, and Sherlock hesitantly leaned against it. “Did you learn anything?”
This sign of life made Sherlock’s legs almost buckle. “John…”
“You’re welcome,” Mycroft said, with a deliberate glance at Sherlock, who was eyes-down into his microscope. “And consider a perambulator on credit. I just didn’t want to push one here through the snow.”
“Ok…” John handed him the office phone. “Want some privacy?”
“Yes,’ John agreed, “it is. But as much as I hate to admit it, Mycroft is right. We can’t prove I should keep Birdie because she is mine. We have to prove that a – that a man who…” He stopped, and steeled himself. “Adrian Mayhew raped me, and that’s why he shouldn’t be allowed in the same room as Birdie.”
, shut up,” John snatched his crumpets they popped up.
“Mm, maybe that’s true. Maybe you’re better off on your own.”
“Yes – wait, how did you – ”
this was what it was meant to be. “Fuck!”
John had been lucky – no morning sickness, not a great deal of tiredness, and only slightly off his food, nothing he couldn’t cover for. “I’m not ill,” he said. “It’s… look, it’s private, alright?”
“John?” Sherlock asked, a ghost of a smile playing on his lips. His eyes shone, teasing, wanting.
John stared, eyebrows going up. “That doesn’t make sense.”
“Oh? Then –”
“Whatever it is, we’ll sort it,” John cupped Sherlock’s cheek. “I promise you.”
‘Like I’ve been run over,’ John said honestly. ‘Where’s my baby?’
“Yes,” Sherlock said instantly. “He’s fine to treat me.”
John blushed, and gripped the edges of his book tight.
“I do…” John licked his lips quickly, thinking. “Sherlock… you know that scenting isn’t an exact science? What you smell like to me, you might not smell like to someone else.”
“A passing fancy like you’ve been staring in the fridge for half an hour,” James pulled his coat on. “Don’t worry about it, there’s a Tesco Metro down the road, they’ll have it.”
the reason behind this low mood?”
“See you at the doors,” John kissed him on the cheek, and let him behind the curtain.
“Wait,” Lestrade said, “you’re not going after anyone?”
The car drew up, and the beta wrenched Sherlock’s door open. “Oh my god… can you… stop that?”
“Common as muck,” John grinned, pushing his chair back. “What’s yours?”
“Nice.” John started sewing. “Sherlock, this is going to scar… I can’t do much about the teeth marks, I can only stitch the tear…” he paused. “I’m sorry.”
“Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other, don’t you think?” Sherlock looked at him in the face, again.
“Right…” Greg made a disbelieving face. “Well, when you’ve got a moment…” He let Sherlock lead him away.
“Well… he hasn’t. We’re not a couple, we don’t act like one…” John ignored the memory of the night before, “…but I’m not going to look any better, and it’s like… he either is completely fine with people thinking it’s his, or he…”
“Sarah,” John pressed, squeezing her hand as she peered down at the medical supplies in her hands, a little lost. “Marcus, please. “
Absently, he wondered what type of wound it was. Did they have to dig the bullet out, or was it a though and through? Would it affect his gait even more than his previous injury did? He had fought so long and hard in physiotherapy to avoid the use of a cane, but now? He couldn’t stand the thought of being even more crippled than he already was. How was he to continue his life, on the streets (or otherwise, he dared hope) even more grievously wounded than before?
He located a plastic vial of meperidine and one 3ml syringe. Hopefully this would be enough to ease Patterson's suffering. Although as a doctor, and as a fellow soldier, he knew it wouldn't be.
“Hmmm,” he bit his lower lip in thought, then flipped it back over, peering inside at the rows of pills with a well practised eye for medications. “I’m not familiar with this drug, I’ve never even heard of the name. Uh…Clomidrel, is it? What’s it for?” John slid the blister pack back across the table. The other Omega let it lay there, seemingly unwilling to pick it back up.
John straightened, a hint of his military training shining through his small form, “Mycroft…I’d like to speak to Sherlock alone, if you don’t mind.”
"It's funny," John offered, low and personal, as if his words were for Sherlock and Sherlock only, "but I don't recall having seen you in that shirt before."
“I just,” John’s chest heaved, voice thick and insecure, “why me? You – you could have anyone,
"Just be careful, it's a long drive, and I'd like to get there in one piece. Make sure you keep - "
…he raised both his arms and buried his hands in the deliciously curly hair, gripping each side of the Alpha’s head and pulling him down into a ferocious kiss that left no desire to the imagination.
He sighed, running strong fingers over his forehead in misery; they came back clammy and slicked with unwelcome wetness. He desperately needed a distraction.
He’d never had an extremely strong opinion on human trials and experimentations. After all, he himself volunteered to test a possibly dangerous new drug, even if it was for a case. But there was something about this experiment that didn’t seem right. He thought back to what Mycroft had said; that the study was rife with legal and ethical issues.
was it anyway? He rifled through his coat, pulling out his mobile – five o’clock. Grand. That meant one more hour until another no doubt
“Marcus, no!” he practically screamed, terror and alarm making his voice brittle and high pitched, “go away! Get away from here?”
Even after a week, and even after a round of intravenous antibiotics and one miserable steroid shot to the fleshiest part of his bum, his nasal passages still refused to obey and cease their incessant, hateful swelling.
“You know I can.”
John blinked, balking, his expression turning from warm comfort to angry surprise.
that.
The blond breathed a sigh of relief as the Beta removed his hands (finally), the waft of cool air as the man moved away was welcome. Then, he heard a packet being opened, and realized this was not over.
. My Omega
“Can you believe I managed to forget about that?” he laughed mirthlessly, lowering himself back down slow and steadily, “forgot how good these drugs were.”
“Yeah yeah, you’re so
the implant,” he sighed, pulling off his gloves. “But I’ve never seen it done so quickly, and there was no indication…none at all…”
“Oi, Sherlock,” he interrupted, with quite an apologetic eye for Molly (who flushed once again), “I have those printouts you wanted, the uh…,” he shuffled through a thick stack of rolled papers he clenched in his hand, “pictures from John’s mobile? It wasn’t easy. Anderson and Donovan wanted first crack at them, had to fight them off like a pack of bloody wolves!”
“Oi boss lady, calm down. Only Colin’s just left to give our little lovey his vittles.” A smaller man answered with impatience, fanning out his cards and not even bothering to look up from their game of Texas Hold’em. His name was Miles; he was a bald and generally unpleasant man. He cocked his head towards the one of the screens, showing a youngish security guard carrying a tray to John’s room.
Ha paused a moment in the threshold, straddling the invisible plane between
“I-I have to think about it Sherlock.”
lie with me!”
to assume he was somehow trapped in a structure of his own making was…was…
Three days.
” John didn’t bother to raise his voice, he kept it low and direct, savagery and inherent bloodlust implied.
, why are you doing this to me…
John sighed in exasperation, “Sherlock, you know what I mean.
fuck John against the virgin-white tiled wall of this room. Maybe he
On the desk was a small sign offering a single name ‘Jeremy.’ Ah, this must be the bloke he’d talked to on the phone.
The question pulled John up short, clearing his vision, “sorry, what?”
“Jeremy told me he’s called security, have they come?”
“I wish I could say,” he sighed, tapping one finger against the papers, “according to our compatibility charts, this should have worked.”
But now, now, he was just a man – a man who needed help, and Captain John H. Watson was a bloody good doctor (
Mycroft must have looked disquisitive, because Dr. Watson chose to elaborate on his previous statement. “Just think about it this way: too much of a good thing isn’t always best. I’ve known of one other Sentinel of Sherlock’s strength, possibly stronger, and he was barely sane…even on a good day.”
to be
Alright! I told him you belonged to me,” he finally answered in a vicious whisper, “I don’t know why I said it. I don’t even think I meant it at the time. The man was
John could hardly believe it. It was impossible, wasn’t it?
“John! Thank god! Don’t go out there right now!” A lovely, yet thin, brunette Beta grasped John by his shoulders and backed him away from the door. She was apparently ignoring the completely gob smacked look on his face, and twisted her head to the woman behind her.
With a groan, John hauled himself to his feet, hip twinging as a reminder that sitting on the floor and fiddling with technologically embellished handheld gadgets should
John swiped a hand over his forehead, feeling a wave of fatigue crash over his body. Everyone always underestimated how exhausting high-quality chest compressions could be.
“Sherlock?” He managed, although his voice was breathy, strained.
“Oh – oh no! Oh dear! Not this soon,
It didn’t help that the very air around the lab practically churned and roiled with his scent. It should be illegal, or it should be bottled up and sold by some chiclet-toothed peddler on Portobello Road, either way, to say that the man smelled positively
need from me now? You need to humiliate someone else today, is that it? Do you need an easy target? Someone who won’t fight back?”  John refused to make eye contact - he couldn’t. He only kept those outrageously expensive leather shoes in sight, spilling his rage onto their absurdly well-polished tips and hoping it’d sink through the leather and give Sherlock some kind of rare, incurable (but incredibly painful) toe fungus.
John stood by the doorway, feeling tired but happy and expertly fielding Mrs. Hudson’s rampant affections with good humour. Lestrade eyed both Sherlock and Mycroft as they came down the stairs, satisfaction and resolution glinting in his cocoa-brown eyes.
Lestrade sighed, attaching the radio on his belt and checking the bullet proof vests both men wore for protection one last time.
The people on the street gave him a wide berth, and the two men he was following were oblivious, which was for the best really. It certainly made things easier.
, was he prepared. His cock was erect, crimson and flushed, curved upright towards his belly and admonishing John for making it wait so damn long for absolution.
In a flash, Sherlock made his way to the window, a pale hand extended to push back the lacy curtains. His eyes trailed the slow-moving form of the ex-army doctor as he crossed the street, making his way to places unknown.
He then rose and stepped away, blissfully unaware of the cacophony of sound around him, the discordant symphony of a crime scene (flash bulbs, radios, errant sirens, raised voices, crying). He eyes followed the trail of dirty water and blood as it flowed lazily down into an adjacent storm sewer, moving even still, though the rain had ceased to fall at least 20 minutes ago.
He never did like to be mollycoddled and this felt far too much like being babysat from a tiny little tyrant inside his own mind.
“John Watson.” The man glared at the card, looking past the frankly terrible picture of John (he had a spot right in the middle of his forehead that day), and quickly flipped it over, looking for the information concerning his gender status included on the back. John knew exactly what it said, of course, everyone had that printed on their ID card when they sat the driving test, and his read: little “L,” big “O,” followed by a positive sign. It would be the nail in the coffin.
Faintly, he could hear voices up on the second level, high-pitched, feminine, and quite giggly. A small smile found its way onto his lips; Brandy and Julia were home.
Warm, elegant fingers twitched as Sherlock ducked his head towards the blond, moving his left hand to gently grip his tensed bicep and bring his nose in contact with the soft, finely haired skin that made berth between the shoulder and neck. There he kept it, moving only to
“It wasn’t your fault James.”
“No, thank you. I’ll just make myself a cuppa and wait. Thank Mrs. H.”
The list lay discarded, forgotten on the small side table adjacent to his chair while John leaned forward and silently regarded his detective.
John woke abruptly, startled, and only slowly becoming aware of a pounding noise making its way through the entire bungalow. He sat up quickly, then just as quickly realized what a mistake that was. He gripped the sides of his head with his hands, unable to prevent a low groan. He
caught the taller man’s attention. “What?”
John got the strange feeling that Mycroft was making fun of him now, that somehow underneath the ice-man façade, a nasty sense of humour lay dormant, waiting for the right time to strike out and immobilize its next unsuspecting victim.
The office was painfully neat and lacking in the usual accoutrements of personality, which afforded Mycroft Holmes an excellent look into the psyche of the man who'd saved his brother. There was very little in the way of decoration, and he found himself comparing the working styles of John Watson and Sherlock Holmes and coming to one conclusion only:  in terms of environment and organization, they couldn't be more different.
“You might even begin to love it, like I did. You’ll learn all sorts of important things with your nose now, all sorts of things you didn’t realize you could learn from scent alone. It’s a blessing,” she leant back into the chair, regarding him with dramatically lined shimmery blue eyes, “and a curse, I suppose. It must seem that way to you right now.”
Behind him, the man cleared his throat, irritated.
Sherlock appeared over her shoulder, glaring at the computer screen, taking in the military shot of the dangerous looking man pasted all over Molly’s machine. He quickly memorised his face, the facial scar, the scowl, the shortly cropped blond hair (similar to John actually, and wasn’t
“A body from an active murder case…”
“Look,” she continued, taking in John’s exhausted and emaciated form, “I know they’d like to see you but, considering what’s happened…and since you’re not feeling well…why don’t you just head on back home for now. I’ll have them call you if they need to. How’s that sound?”
Sherlock gently curled both of his hands around John’s knobby shoulders, leaning forward slightly and placing his beautiful face against the crook of John’s neck, inhaling his scent there with an intensity and trembling ferocity that bordered on worshipful.
As the blond made his way down the lifts and back outside the towering building, he pulled out his phone:
Tiny (soul-bending, mind-altering) eruptions of pleasure lanced through his body, originating at every previously flexed joint and continuously expressing small punctuations of bliss with every minute contraction.
“There’s still time for dinner of course, if you’re hungry, and you do look a bit peaky –”
John Watson smiled in that curious way of his as he whipped his belt away from the loops of his trousers. He made a loop and grasped it at each end, snapping it loudly, just once, to make his point.
Sherlock silently cursed the curly haired woman; how exactly she chose that moment to use her pitiful powers of observation was beyond him. She and Lestrade had both caught up with him before he managed to hail a taxi, and though he threatened to hand over the mobile over his cold, dismembered body, neither of the police officers looked particularly concerned.
"Certainly not Dr. Watson, I find myself precisely where I need to be."
John was impressed. The signals Sarah pumped out were obvious and strong, not many would be able to resist with such obvious aplomb. It was as if he were immune, though John knew that couldn’t be true. Not 15 minutes ago Sherlock had just boasted about how keen and receptive his nose was. He didn’t seem the type to lie about his olfactory prowess; or any other prowess for that matter.
He puffed his chest out once, inhaling deeply and preparing himself. This would be short, but quick. He would get his voice heard, and then he would be done with it. He would be done with it all. No more British government, no more strange pills, no more Aphas with artfully tousled curls, sinful lips, and opalescent eyes to trouble him any further. They could do this on their own. John had taken enough abuse over the past few weeks. This time he had made up his mind completely.
to show up filthy?
He recalled the last time he’d seen that particular shade of pink, aglow across the flesh of a man he’d just actively repelled away from him. He closed his eyes and thought of John, steam warmed and still damp from the shower that morning, smelling of honey, salty caramel like the sea, and cloves. Spicy, snippets of scents so tantalizingly amorphous, they were there one moment and gone the next.
John wasn’t sure what that was supposed to mean, but Dr. Wilkes’ long, lingering stare didn’t leave much to the imagination.
with.” His grin faded to a slight moue of disgust, he didn’t appear to particularly relish this topic.
A flash of anger rushed through his veins. “You’ve put something in my brain?”
by all of this new information. If this was true then…what did this mean about the history he’d learned back in school? What did this mean about the world he lived in? He’d never heard about these…these super-omegas (vertex?)…and he wasn’t entirely sure he could trust Irene at all. She seemed to be baring her soul to John, but…could he trust her.
The Omega squeezed Sherlock’s collar between his fists, knuckles blanched white with the force of his grip,
“Oh come
The long moment passed.
John mind?), considering he had stopped by his favourite Indian establishment to pick up a bit of takeout before heading to the bungalow. He had deduced the Omega’s preferred dish upon meeting him only a few short weeks ago (curry stains on the edge of one frayed cuff, as well as the scent of a few unmistakable spices on his breath), and he only hoped it would be to his liking.
DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. I receive no money from this. Blah blah blah! :)
In the diffuse lamplight, Lestrade’s salt and pepper hair glinted dully, but he was in his element. It showed in the readied stance (hands flexed but loose around his radio and gun) and the gruff cast of his voice as he issued his orders.
A noise caught in the other man’s throat, a short, gurgling thing that humans only make when truly surprised or absolutely speechless. His eyes shot to John’s backside, taking in the roundness of the muscles, the dampened scrubs already darkening with more delicious smelling fluid.
A white hot spear of anger lanced through John’s chest. Did Sherlock also kiss his forehead and promise to chase away all the monsters from under the bed as well? That…that
Without further delay, they moved out, engines grinding and tyres kicking up the copious amounts of silt and dust that lined every crevice and surface of this godforsaken country. They were well on their way now, radios blazing with terse commands (punctuated by gunfire and distant shelling from their fellow soldiers situated near the southern outskirts of Garmsir), though they wouldn't be the first back-up on the scene. They were too far out, but, if the reports were to be believed, regardless of how far away the attack was, every bit of manpower would be needed.
And as the man bled, unconscious, sluggish and cherry bright (though John knew for sure was it was not a fatal head injury), from a minor cut on his side of his head, the Omega couldn’t help but grin, showing his teeth in a very triumphant and proud show of his strength.
The loud, percussive jangle of his mobile brought his screaming thoughts to a halt. He fumbled in his pocket, trying with great effort to catch his breath and somehow expel the scent of John that seemed to have settled so intimately in his lungs. Jesus, how he
“It’s well-documented John, and not exactly surprising, given your history.”
Sherlock tensed as the smaller man’s expression shuttered. The glow behind his eyes dimmed and John looked troubled now. The Alpha appeared stricken, swallowing nervously like someone who had said entirely too much.
by another human being. It had been
. There’s a reason I’ve been avoiding you. Just…leave me alone.” His vision swam for a moment, tilting the world at odd angles. He rubbed a dirty hand down his face, aware that he while he certainly
, he wasn’t a soldier. He didn’t deserve this.
It would be so easy…it would be
“Something like that, yeah.”
Four pale faces nodded as one.
“I dislike all this faffing about, let’s just begin shall we?” Sherlock turned his prismatic gaze to the good Doctor and grasped a fat manila envelope sat on the coffee table between them, “as I have said before, I am a consulting detective for Scotland Yard. Now, before you even ask what that means, let’s just say that when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they come to me.”
John let that question settle for a moment, felt it gain weight and lay upon them, a single request that somehow seemed impossible to answer.
“Ah…” The doctor began, wiping his left wrist over the top of his obscenely damp upper lip. He twisted the thin skin gently back and forth between his thumb and index finger. John squeezed his eyes closed and held back a grunt…just because he didn’t have testicles didn’t mean the area wasn’t sensitive. “Have you heard of the new testicular implants they’re selling to Omega’s these days?”
at the base of John’s cock, a prize he’d only ever allowed himself to have in his most indulgent dreams.
Omega. She said it was in my genetic code, dormant, and they made it active.”
“As we speak,” Dr. Barrymore drew his hands behind him, a posture of deference, though Mycroft was a man not easily fooled.
, John wasn’t going to go there now, that was for another day and another time.
“You don’t have to tell me John, I’ve always known.”
, John,” Sherlock continued, beginning to pace, the previously perfect waves of his hair pulled and sticking out in errant puffs, “but there is no way you would have survived that attack unscathed; especially since you were already injured at the time. But you like that, don’t you? You like being the martyr. You like playing strong but really you’re just a beaten, broken down latent Omega looking for a thrill, isn’t that right John?”
The seconds ticked by and finally he heard a bit of rustling, then scratching, and Sarah appeared. She looked well-rested; especially considering her bed was a wee bit of soggy refrigerator box. John took in her appearance slowly, as he always did. There was just something about her heart-shaped baby-doll face and sweetly curling lips that made him think that…maybe in another lifetime, they could have given it a go. But yeah, that wasn’t going to happen now.
“You know it doesn’t really come as a surprise that my portly sibling’s got you in his pocket. I expect it’s rather crowded in there, what with the pastries and chocolates he’s so especially fond of.”
Sherlock held John’s right hand loosely, then brought his left hand up to flatten out the palm and splay the Omega’s fingers apart. There he dipped his nose, running it along the fleshy, sensitive curve between John’s thumb and index finger, inhaling, his mouth slightly open as if taking in his scent as to taste it.
He tied the fluffy (probably 100% pure Egyptian cotton) towel loosely around his narrow hips and opened the door. He grabbed his small bag and made his way into the hallway.
The man shrugged, his left shoulder releasing a sharp twinge of pain as he did so, “I’m not sure really. I don’t want to get my hopes up. Maybe I’ll…meet someone, start a new life, maybe build a new family,” thoughts of Sherlock filled his mind’s eye. What would it be like to be with a man such as him? Would his life be full of excitement and mystery, or would the apex Alpha soon grow bored and move on to the next scintillating new puzzle? No, Sherlock deserved someone more like Irene, someone perfect and interesting, “I don’t see them much anyway, both my parents died when I was medical school, and my sister frequents the jailhouse nearly as often as she frequents the local pubs. I’d be surprised if she even realized I still existed. I guess they care as much about me now as they did then…which is not much at all.”
“Well, if you weren’t so heavy handed I could have-”
Harry’s voice was insistent but indistinct, a muffled curse amongst the deafening noise of the compound. John shouldered it off with a twitch, a shrug borne of biting, searing emotional pain. In his very hands (both warm palms splayed across her stilled and cooling cheeks) lay his bonded.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
“A hedgehog named Brent Spiny?” The other man raised his eyebrows, nonplussed.
“It’s you, you’re him, right? I have something for you.” A small, and very pregnant ginger woman hovered at his side, nervous, she seemed vaguely familiar. He hadn’t noticed her so close before, and the scent of Omega filled his nostrils, pervasive and maddening, made even more so by the pregnancy.
gotten the best of them. It was just bad luck, and a badly placed pallet, that caused the tables to turn so dramatically in their favor.
Not far from the entrance to the alley stood a young boy and two large, brutish men (Alphas, by the smell of them). One of them had a cigarette, holding it like joint, while the other cruelly gripped the boy (maybe 14 years old?) with his arms behind his back. The cigarette danced in front of the boy’s face, leaving its smoke to cling to the glowing tip in wispy trails. He couldn’t hear quite what they were saying, but the smoking man’s tone and physical stance painted more than enough of a picture in John’s mind.
it would.
Sherlock leered at the young man next to him, irritated that, in the end, it was Mycroft who was in charge of the John Rescuing Operation (as he called it in his mind). A longer glance, and a well-timed inhale, concluded that this man was a Beta (more or less neutral, but leaning towards Omega tendencies), with two cats and a, quite frankly, terrible case of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
He followed Trudi out of the room, hopeful that the pictures on his mobile would be helpful…otherwise, well, at least he could tell them where the majority of their files were kept (if this was indeed the
None of this was John’s fault.
Stupid.
John did the only thing he could do, plead.
At first it was so subtle, like someone had secretly planted a hedge of tea roses amongst a field of low-hanging lilacs trees. The change was there, but only obvious in small, ethereal wisps of fragrance that grabbed his attention and tempted his nose like an ancient curiosity, full of heretofore unknown knowledge and mystery. But then it would be gone, and Sherlock felt almost sad, bereft even, if he were ever so inclined to feel such things.
been born to it.
Mycroft’s pleasantly forced smile soured, devolving into a sort of misshapen frown that reminded John of a documentary on rare frogs he’d once seen on the telly.
“It won’t be long now, darling. I’ll be back soon.”
With the practiced motion of a man who had had many lovers, the Beta tilted John’s head backwards a few degrees, lengthening John’s golden neck and effectively making the Omega feel even more vulnerable than before. He lowered his head by centimetres, his nose now a hair’s breadth away from the delicate skin behind John’s earlobe.
“He said he had me in his head, said I belonged to him, and now that he had a taste...he wanted the rest, all of me. To put it in finer terms, he wanted a bond, a traditional bond.”
“Didn’t take very long did it, I’ve only just left your car half an hour ago,” John stated, leaning on the table, wondering what exactly was on that thumb drive.
drones
Sherlock was sceptical, and while the coffee sat their quite innocently, he couldn’t help but feel it was going to attack him somehow. Death by coffee, how very
. All his life he’d been able to manipulate others, finagle his way into secretive places; he could deduce peoples’ desires as easily as he could tie his shoes, so why…for God’s sakes
“I said we could figure this out my love, but I didn’t say I would make it
” John thundered, an inordinate amount of venom colouring his words. He wasn’t interested in the mission anymore. He wasn’t interested in
He stood and gathered the last remnants of their tea, noticing Mycroft had barely touched his portion, and pondered on to what he should owe his good fortune –
Theo gripped his father’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
Both Alphas had the presence of mind to look appropriately dumbfounded. Sherlock especially, his face contorted into an astonished expression that made John believe this man had never once had anyone say ‘No’ to him in his life.
He studiously ignored a sudden influx of adrenaline upon his arrival to the shabby street corner that marked the entrance to the equally shabby street housing John’s little domicile. He reminded himself once more that he really needed to work on getting John to agree to live with him. It was best for both of them, after all, if John was going to be his. If he agreed, that is - if he actually wanted to
He strangled that fledgling emotion to death as soon as he recognized what it could mean, for him, for a latent Omega of 35 who was lonely, homeless, and yearning for something he told himself under no circumstances he could ever have. It was just easier this way, John. Easier, remember? You’ve tried this before, haven’t you? Do you remember Mary? Do you remember what happened with Ja-Major Sholto?
For a long moment John considered his request. He could tell him the truth. He could tell him that Johnson had made his deployment hell from day one, and he deserved every skin-tearing, bone-crunching blow that landed on his ugly face. Or…he could say nothing and keep his reputation intact with the other men of the company. Here, John was faced with a choice he hadn’t had to make since primary school. Did he give in - spill his guts to the authority and stand by as all the others glared behind his back, calling him a traitor, or worse? Or did he suck it up, hold his head high, and deal with his own troubles as they came?
Where was it coming from? There was nothing and no-one else here. There was nothing but the light, which blinked unerringly, a beacon in the shadows.
What an odd question.
Another, more subdued, series of thumps rattled from behind the door. Who the hell did they have behind there anyway? The Incredible Hulk?
Sherlock scoffed and flopped down into his leather chair unhappily, his previously cool and aloof exterior crumbling like the paint surfacing the walls of John’s dingy little bungalow.
Molly sniffled uncomfortably at the side table, slowly picking through the autopsy reports and various snippets of information. She didn’t really have anything to add, and was content to just let the two gentlemen argue it out. Emotions were high right now, and it wasn’t hard to see that Sherlock was teetering on a knife’s edge.
Disclaimer: Characters are not mine. I make no money from this. I just love causing them pain.
, this was like every library he had ever visited, every spice infused tobacco stall he ever passed in Camden Town. It was the smell of campfires and wood smoke; an acrid but comforting sensation on the back of John’s tongue (an Alpha scent, though John couldn’t say how he knew).
“John, please…”
wasn’t his area.
Lubrication was not the issue; it was the pure size of Sherlock’s cock that made their coupling so fragile and tender. His apex Alpha had to be gentle, for John had never been with an Alpha before, and it had been quite some time since Major Sholto.
The Alpha didn't seem to hear him, or he chose to ignore the Omega. John exhaled, gripping the towel around his hips so tightly he was sure the individual threads would be forever embedded as scars in his skin. Sherlock's nose moved steadily across the blond's hairline, issuing little puffs of air that bounced against the longish strands of his fringe. The man was either enraptured, or become so deeply feral that any kind of overt movement or sound could be regarded as a threat or challenge. John was better off holding still and letting the detective finish his primitive, but unable to be ignored, scenting of an Omega.
The larger man scrambled backwards, chest heaving in blatant distress.  He looked as if he was afraid for his own life, eyes flitting to the door of the room and the window. John couldn’t help the expression of surprised disbelief and confusion that settled onto his face, deepening the harried lines around his eyes and mouth. He raised both hands in front of him, eyes wide and innocent.
It wasn’t a feeling that was completely alien to the latent Omega, after all, his adrenal glands created enough sex hormones for him to have passible lubrication while aroused – but it was unusual for him to feel his own viscous slick while not experiencing any kind of outward, obvious sexual provocation.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
” Lestrade managed with some difficulty, though outrage and inappropriate laughter warred on his face. He slammed the door behind him with great prejudice, “we’re in hospital, have some
But it was difficult because this all-encompassing
. That would need to be explored a little more in depth…later.
“Only 75%?”
The waves of the pool surged and crashed against the concrete, the vaporous swirls of steam forming and fading away – the hint of gunpowder.
To his surprise, after her initial response, she remained impressively calm.
He couldn’t keep a smile from erupting onto his face. When he had finally gathered the courage to ask Mary to a movie, she surprised him by immediately saying yes. Actually, she rewarded him with one of her beautiful smiles and blushed in the most disarming way. John could barely keep his own tongue in his mouth. You’d think he was an Alpha slobbering over an Omega in heat; it was slightly ridiculous.
He enveloped the small ginger Omega in a desperate hug and squeezed her reassuringly, talking lowly into her ear. “Now you listen to me Brandy, and you listen to me good:
It was kind of funny; John never thought one could physically
DISCLAIMER: the same as always, really!
On his desk, beneath a notepad of inelegant scratchings, were the plans for Sherlock Holmes’ implant. He had it all worked out, right down to the millimetre, and while he still suffered from odd pangs of errant nervousness, there was nothing more he could do right at this moment.
Sherlock then moved away from the window, gliding towards John quietly and not unlike a beautiful spectre from all the fairy stories his gran used to tell him at bedtime. The taller man landed, knees upon the rug, his torso between John’s knees and each hand tentatively hovering about John’s own, resting on the arms of the chair.
dangerously beautiful? John was in big, big trouble.
, regardless of the amount of clothes between him and his Alpha.
there, and Marcus’ companionship was too dear to throw away; especially since it was well known that his impulse and emotional control was impaired. John had decided to forgive him, but really he wondered if Marcus was able to forgive himself. John had no doubt the plain and forthright man was at least partially aware of the wrongnessof his actions.
He fled, purposely fixating on putting one foot in front of the other, just to make his way up the stairs and slam the heavy wooden door behind him.
“Is?”
of air. It was his first panicked reaction, but probably not the most helpful. The door would have slammed shut with a resounding
They soon came upon a door, not white like the others, but a warm, sandy brown indicative of birch or oak. It was a strange, almost naturalistic departure from the aseptic interior of the facility, and Dr. Barrymore opened the way and ushered him inside a small office, apparently his own.
Even unconscious, Sherlock still managed to make a cock-up of things (another one of his many talents).
let you live.”
Sherlock’s latent frustration reached a peak. He didn’t need an existential, pseudo-spiritual experience or revelation, if you please. He just needed the facts, the
When first he glimpsed his post-procedural visage in the toilet mirror, he scowled in self-conscious dismay. While he liked to think his body was just transport, a simple and moderately useful carrier for his brain, he soon came to realize an unkempt personal appearance just didn’t sit well with his ego (he didn't artfully apply expensive product in his hair for nothing, mind).
Alight with playful love and just a hint of true danger, John’s heart beat a tattoo of lust and heartbreak, injury and reparation, and every long dark day he ever had to spend wondering if he’d find someone who’d love him, wholly, for being just John Watson, and not a collection of reproductive organs and societal expectations.
So, when Sherlock glanced in his direction, John was more than a little puzzled at his reaction, or maybe lack thereof. The Alpha stilled, quite completely, doing his best to appear as reasonable a facsimile of Michelangelo’s David while still fully clothed. His noble profile stood out in stark contrast to the fading sunlight pouring in through the lacy curtains hung over the windows of the sitting room.
Clues equal deductions equal solution. There was nothing wrong with his mind, there was nothing wrong with his thoughts,
After what seemed like an eternity, his heart calmed, the knot in the pit of his stomach released and he was able to think clearly again. The Alpha’s hand was now a warm, comforting weight on his back; having shifted when John bent down to prevent hyperventilation. For a few moments, John could imagine the hand moved in slow, soothing circles, but he couldn’t be sure as the warmth soon disappeared, leaving behind a cold hand-shaped void.
From what he could make out, blurred visions and al; this man was also pale, with very bright eyes, and quite possibly what one would call…beautiful. John was certain he couldn’t control his facial expressions right now, but he was sure under the pain plainly showing on his face, the other man could detect (if he was very clever) a hint of confusion, caution…and god knows what else.
Of course, he would have stayed…he would have fought as every last inhale invited a smouldering miasma of flames into his lungs.
The atmosphere in the room was calm but rife with tension, as if everyone inside was inhaling and holding their breaths, unsure of whether actual breathing was advisable. The entire team came highly qualified, all of them were licensed in ALS, and half of them were medics and A&E nurses looking for something a little less intense. Unfortunately, today wasn’t their day.
?” Ed’s bulky form leaned over and picked up the ball, bouncing it from one hand to the next, nonchalantly. He looked no more dangerous than as if he had just asked John about the weather. John knew better. He glanced behind the larger teenager and saw two more of his cronies, Pete and Jason, walk up behind him.
, and John would stay
“Oh yeah, you mean the evidence that you
They both fell silent, and John reminded himself that he needed to be a bit more magnanimous when dealing with this man. He may be irritating and overbearing, but it
” Trudi’s voice sounded from behind the locked door, irritated and terse, “Who locked this
“Shut up. Just…shut up. Answer my questions and I
, did this man effect him so?
Sherlock tensed a quick moment, and then moved west, towards the last remnants of the small, percussive blast.
And it was only a second after that that John’s orgasm hit him, and hit him
This was probably the worst of all. John put up a good front, a brave soldierly face in spite of it all, but Sherlock knew, he
“What makes you think he’ll do anything you want?” Robert Frankland asked, looking dubious and petulant, finally moving away from the solid wall and giving her his full attention.
“No. I don’t want you on their radar. It’ll look – well, it’ll look odd. I’m supposed to be homeless remember? I’m not supposed to have posh friends, let alone…,” he shrugged, looking Sherlock up and down with meaning, “let alone someone like
to put those documents back together, if they found them at all.
The young Sentinel allowed himself a moment, a very, very small moment of warmth to seep its way into the empty hollow of his chest. He thought of Mrs. Hudson’s genuine smile, the way her face lit up, wrinkles and all, when she realised Sherlock wasn’t just her charge, but someone to be guided and taken care of. He thought, perhaps, he might like her after all (might,
Apex Alpha or not, Sherlock Holmes needed to be taught a lesson. Just like his army buddies, before they came to accept him for who he was, Sherlock needed to learn a few more things about John Watson.
They didn’t speak again; and John found little comfort in the looking out the window, watching as they drove into the evening mist, headlights reflecting in the puddles of muck that gathered in the dips and creases of the street.
Touch (yes,
The Omega sighed, finally glancing down at the papers in his lap, askew and out of order.
Marcus never met John’s eyes anymore, he almost never touched John anymore either, which left the good doctor feeling saddened and little bereft. The Omega didn’t realize exactly how touch-starved one could get until their last vestige of human affection decided to push them away. Now, Marcus was only his shadow. He protected John, of course, but there was no scenting, no comforting hands on his arms, and definitely no hugging. John felt the loss of his friend’s affections as surely as if he felt the death of a beloved companion. Now there was no one to turn to when John woke shaking and shivering from a nightmare; no one to cling to on the rare occasion that he just wanted to be comforted and held. Once more John found himself as he was when he first came back from the war, alone; nothing more than a stoic lonely island, quiet and forgotten in the water of the frigid and windy North Sea.
“Lymph nodes,” Molly offered, handing Sherlock the next slide as he pulled another one out from under the clips, “Jimmy’s actually. Since you’ve been working with Sherlock, you probably already know that certain, um, organs had been removed from his body. During my post-mortem on Mr. Price; I found this suspicious looking lymph node, well, lots actually, and Sherlock’s confirming my diagnosis.”
He leant back in the chair, eyes cold as winter's rime.
John snorted with little humour, running a hand up and down his face with worry. “You’re biased. I mean it Sherlock, it says I can control people, control my heats…how does that
Brandy’s laugh was pathetic, a high pitched warbling noise that did little to convince anyone in the room that she was alright. “I know.” She turned away from John and fell into her lover’s arms, snuffling into her shoulder.
He rolled his hips, wriggling in wanton abandon when another particularly fierce push forced the man’s sizeable prick deeper inside his entrance, moving his knees along the rough cotton that made up their government issued bedsheets.
,” she laughed, moving away from the glass and away from the twitching and suffering visage of one John Watson, “I’m talking about that fool Wilkes.”
’ as he ducked under the tape and followed the brunet.
John couldn’t imagine what this would be like for another Omega, if this is what Irene meant about controlling his own heats. He barely felt in control at all, it was all he could do not to undress now and fly into Sherlock’s room, rub himself all over his bed and leave his spunk in sticky, pearly pools upon the Egyptian cotton sheets – just his way of saying ‘This bed, and the man who sleeps upon it, are the property of John Watson.’
“Sorry, I – well I didn’t want to alarm you, or alert anyone else.”
He threw a few crumpled notes to the cabbie and let himself out into the damp night, avoiding the ruts and puddles forming tiny topographical formations down the lane. It wasn’t long before several sudden flashes of light echoed off the low-placed plashets, instantly grabbing his attention.
That woman: hair loss, most likely alopecia, chronic alopecia as evidenced by the tattooed eyebrows and slight discoloration around the edge of her hairline where her lace-front wig blended in with her skin tone, no eyelashes, no hair on the arms, not likely to be chemotherapy and less likely to go to such lengths as tattooing when hair will generally regrow within a few weeks of chemo cessation, there,
“This is what she meant, Irene I mean, this is what she meant about controlling others.”
“So…s-so, you’re saying that you will stay here…here with me?” And it was heart-breaking how unsure and childlike that simple question sounded.
OTHER: What about apex Alphas?
He was quite settled in, one leg lounging over the other, when John returned from the annex kitchen with the kettle brimming with fresh water from the taps. Once it was powered and heating, John wasted no time in sitting at this desk and clasping his hands in front of him in a classic defensive posture. Mycroft immediately saw it for what it was, an invisible wall, a line in the sand labelled 'thou shalt not pass.'
Sherlock sprang into action immediately, ignoring the hissing curses of Lestrade behind him.
This could not be happening.
“Well,” Sherlock smiled, giving John a hooded, heated stare, “you certainly have power over me.”
now). They kneaded and squeezed, the right hand slowly moving lower, clever fingers dragging on John’s skin, shifting down and agonizingly closer to the where John wanted (needed) it the most .
Comment if you like, kudos if you wish.
“Right. Um. Look, whatever you two decide, keep me informed alright. I want to help, and do what I can, but I’m not willing to put civilians into any unnecessary danger. John, was it? Hash this out,” he motioned between them, “and then one of you give me a call. I’ll have Molly update you on the findings as soon as she can, Sherlock.”
Sherlock knew he’d never been here before, and it wasn’t just because the vivid lines dissecting the tiling glowed a shade of crimson never seen by the human eye (too bright, too cruel), nor was it the nebulous criss-crossing of low light reflecting upon the viscous waves of disturbed water – no, it was the
He stayed quiet, rubbing the soles of his shoes against each other, staring at the ground. The tightness in his chest, the vice around his ribcage was a sentient, horrid thing – and he waited (still he was waiting), on the day he’d wake up and finally have the courage to end this pointless charade of life.
But by far, his favourite memories of Enid Watson were when she used to read to him at night, just before tucking him in under hand-made patchwork quilts. It wasn’t so much the stories that had him so enthralled, but her voice…because she had
John turned onto Baker Street exactly one hour after he started walking; the lacquered door came into view with its bright brass knocker glinting in a come-hither way John could not ignore. An undeniable wave of adrenaline coursed through his diminutive form, causing goose bumps and the hair on his body to stand at attention.
cane.
He succumbed to the dimness, once more falling into the trench, as dark and bottomless as his fevered dreams.
His response was immediate and visceral. It was fortunate that both men were under the expectation that Captain John H. Watson would fight tooth and nail, that he would
“John,
Right. Still alive then.
bond. Irene didn’t give us much information on that, and considering she’s not even bonded herself, it may not even be possible.”
“Look, you know one of the many things we make sure to document in any post-mortem is the last contents of their stomach. It doesn’t always lead to much, but it’s required. Now…look here…”
soon that would be rectified). John's scent at once intensified, taking on the characteristics of burnt caramel and cloves. The spices stung Sherlock's nostrils, digging in and staking their claim in his hind-brain, making sure no-one would be as compatible or as wanton as one, John Watson.
“Can I request a few items? Do you have room service?” He stared at Mrs. Whitney with no small amount of cheek, moving inside the room as if walking to his own untimely death.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
Again, the young man only shrugged noncommittally and pulled his filthy parka tighter around his slim frame. John ripped a piece of paper off his pad and slid it across the table where it was quickly snatched up by the other Omega.
“How about tomorrow then? Say…two o’clock? Dr. Wilkes and Adler will be the ones to see you; they’ll answer all your questions and guide you through the initial screening process. Is that alright?”
“Are we sticking to the same plan?” The Beta asked, dextrously sidestepping another officer as they made their way around the large building.
new information – consequences?
a soldier; and God help you if I decide you ever deserve more than a blow to the face.”
genuine.
“Good, thank you John, I’ll see you in a few days.” And with that dismissal, she sat down on her richly upholstered chair and busied herself with what looked like mounds of charts. John didn’t hesitate to let himself out.
, pulling himself out of his own head and back into the dimly lit London morning. The memory was sudden and intrusive, completely unbidden, but even dulled now with time the emotional destruction of the attack had stayed with him for years. It was one of the reasons he decided to become a doctor and enlist in the RAMC.
Then he saw the body.
, 1979.”
, even.
…it just had to.
This couldn’t go on for long, John knew, he was weak and exhausted. Adrenaline rushed through his body, coarse and bright, and it would only last for so long. He needed a plan.
be the death of me.”
and how
“I am
“Yes, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock is fine.” Sherlock accepted the steaming cup of tea the annoyingly chatty elderly woman thrust in his face.
“Yes, c-come in.” The Beta was now sweating profusely, mopping at his brow with the already dampened sleeve of his lab coat. John took this moment to sit up on the table, scrambling to pull his gown down over his nether regions and glaring at the other man with a look that could only be described as intently murderous.
And as he was once more lifted bodily from the ground, as his vision faded and chemically induced exhaustion teased him with dreamless slumber, he couldn’t help but remember his last image of Marcus.
“Yes.”
A sudden crash and a fierce, angry wail thundered out from behind the door to the hallway. John was shocked into stillness, and Jeremy looked immediately chagrined and so embarrassed that John instantly felt sorry for the young man.
The other man must taste it as well, when he thrust his thickly muscled tongue into John’s mouth possessively. It danced and warred with good doctor’s own tongue in a timeless show of Alpha domination, and John was losing (though he was glad for it).
It wasn’t anything Wilkes did in particular that suddenly made his face flush hot and heart thud a warning in his chest. The Beta’s touch was coldly clinical as he clasped John’s penis in his gloved and spray-tanned grip, and he remained quietly detached as he pulled the foreskin back to examine the glans.
“Th-thank you, Sherlock, erm…I appreciate it. I really do,” the blond took a step back, dislodging himself from the Alpha’s warm (almost) embrace, “it’s a nice thought, really…but, um, well I have to go now.”
John couldn’t help but crack a smile, tremulous though it was, “Been into the Lion bars again, have you?”
The Sentinel remained silent and took another sip of his coffee, it was almost perfect save for a new chemical aftertaste he didn’t remember tasting before.
He didn’t know if he could handle the full implications of this right now, the unexpected completion of gender, when he heard the soft susurrus of metal sliding on more, carefully oiled metal.
John was struck, in that moment, left hand in his pocket clenching and unclenching, at the finality of it all.
will have heard that.”
It only took a half second for John to engulf the man’s finger in his hot, supple mouth. He slid all the way down to the third knuckle, swirling his tongue around the pad at the tip, tasting and drinking his own sweet excretions.  The man behind him groaned deeply, an incautious and dangerous sound that drove through John’s chest in long, slow wavelengths. He tasted like honey,
be), and he didn’t plan on starting now, regardless of what these
But he swallowed, breathing lightly through his mouth and focussing now on another, altogether different scent. The man behind him was an Alpha; it was perfectly clear in the wash of pheromones that skittered over his nostrils. He was unbound, young, and broadcasting his lustful (though purposefully dampened) intentions towards the Omega. Had the food been more heavily spiced, John might have missed it. But as it was, it was perfectly clear that this man, if he had the chance, would be perfectly happy to fuck John, against the glass or tiled wall, and have little to no regrets afterward.
Sherlock pressed the makeshift ice compress gently onto his left cheekbone. It had begun to swell, and would result in a most glorious bruise that John’s former hand-to-hand instructor would have been quite proud of. The Alpha himself winced a bit, moving the muscles in his face to check for any other damage (although John had already taken a good look and declared him ‘not going to die’), of which there was none, unless you counted bruised pride.
“What’s true?” The Alpha spun, moving away from the couch lazily and finally curling up on his own leather chair.
A movement from one of the dark corners made John jump suddenly, fear flashing through his veins before subsiding, adrenaline playing havoc with his lungs and heart. It was a fleeting moment, as John’s eyes adjusted to the dimness; he saw it was only Marcus. The large man was sat in the corner with knees bent against his chest, and had only just turned his head to look at the Omega as he came into the room.
“Excuse me?” He eventually turned his gaze towards the woman with the aggressive attitude and comically large teeth. Her Alpha pheromones practically knocked him sideways as she gave him a long, rather unappreciative, look up and down his small frame.
“Ah yes, you noticed, did you? We couldn’t use the cauda equina for the second procedure due severe inflammation, so we had to improvise. It’s quite revolutionary, what you’ve got in that brain of yours now.”
He let his mind drift a bit as his weary gaze wandered over the textured wallpaper (a repeating lilac orchid pattern, comforting) and inhaled a long deep breath. His shoulder bothered him something fierce, and every other step aggravated his hip wound. It was getting harder and harder to make things work these days, and he wasn’t sure how much longer he could go on this way.
IMA: What do you mean?
into his Alpha’s mouth, as was his due.
Sherlock also noticed, after the small group of emergency personnel eventually deemed him well enough for now (but more testing would be needed tomorrow, of course), that Sally kept glancing above his bed curiously, as if searching for something.
“Right,” he muttered under his breath, glancing around the spacious marble foyer, eventually locating the brushed steel lifts, “suite 895 it is.”
“Call me Sherlock, please.” The dark haired man replied, grasping his hands loosely behind his back, but showing no intention of leaving John to his peace.
“You are amenable, John?”
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
Raz licked his lips, smoothed the front of his ruffled hoodie, then quickly turned tail and ran away as fast as his spindly legs could take him.
, Sherlock, don’t tiptoe around it. It’s all coming back to me now. Anytime you want to bring that back yeah, it getting harder and harder to keep your involvement in these cases quiet around the Yard you know.”
“Right,” Jeremy quipped, “birthdate?”
“Quite the opposite actually. Jim was a bit barmy - brilliant, insane, charming,” he shook his head and faltered. There were at least a dozen more words he could use to describe James Moriarty, but none of them could really do him justice. How exactly did one describe the terrible, supple beauty of a flame?
Oh well, he could at least clean himself up while he was waiting.
“Alright? Are you alright?” Sherlock’s hands were all over him at once, and John couldn’t handle his emotional, and hormonal, confusion any longer. He made to take a step forward, but his legs couldn’t handle the weight of his own body, and he stumbled. Sherlock’s firm but gentle grip stilled him, and he looked earnestly into John’s dazed eyes.
Sherlock turned back round to John, a small smile on his face. He seemed excited and opened his mouth to begin speaking before John hauled back and punched the deceitful bastard
“No! No. I’m not letting you weasel your way out of this one,” John practically growled, anger clouding his vision. He could feel the blood pounding behind his eyes, making his headache and nausea worse in turns, “you say that I don’t belong to Marcus and then you accost me in your flat, scenting me like…like I’m your bloody
. You and I are the only ones of our kind. I can help you and teach you how to use your gifts. You’d be shocked at what you could achieve now, if you really wanted.  I can show you the way…I would never harm you, please believe me.” She beseeched, one tender hand outstretched, glossy red nails glinting in the alarm lights.
“Only once.” She frowned with obvious regret. “But I believe that case had its own problems, even from the beginning.”
is the point of you?”
It wasn’t often the two women were able to share some true alone time together. Most days found them on the streets, digging through skips, busking, or even resorting to begging to get what they needed. With Brandy being pregnant, they had sympathy on their side, but John knew neither of them was very happy or proud of their circumstances.
She shook him, hard and with a purpose, desperately hoping he would open his eyes and scream, tell her off, or at least…at least do
John sighed and began to feel more than a little grumpy. It had been a particularly trying day and he didn’t care to be left behind. He limped through the gathering crowd; most people ignored him or didn’t even care to acknowledge his existence. After all, he was a small man, non-descript, wearing nothing more than a dingy canvas jacket and dirty jeans. John couldn’t be more invisible if he actively tried.
“I do admit I have my – some doubts, of course, Dr. Stapleton. What are the chances it will be successful? Has it ever failed?” Regardless of Sherlock’s attitude, the questions
"Wh-what?" Johnson managed before he retched, heaving several ounces of questionable fluid wetly onto the cracked dirt. "I – I think I'm okay. D-didn't even get hit," he smiled, glassy eyed. He seemed unaware that he'd just vomited. He appeared as equally unaware that his own Land Rover lay in a glowing heap not 10 metres away from his body. "Don't feel a thing, really."
“Do you think I’m pretty?”
Disclaimer remains the same.
John himself had difficulty keeping his emotions in check. He wanted to be strong, he felt he
Sherlock held him, one warm hand over the back of John’s neck, the other around his shoulders.
She did not do this however, as time was tight and it was clear her little project was awake, alert, armed, and really,
“His body was found dumped along the Thames, his vestigial reproductive organs removed, along with the entirety of his pituitary and adrenal glands,” Sherlock finally offered John the manila folder, to which the Omega flipped open without a thought, then immediately regretted his actions. On top of the pile of many, many papers were full color glossy photos of several young men, mutilated in the way Sherlock had described. It was disgusting, and heartbreaking, these men looked so young, not even out of their early twenties. Who would do such a thing?
,” Sherlock scowled and began to look annoyed. “Are you really that much of an idiot, or are you just taking the piss?”
He entered his own living space then; it too was empty except for his own things, and the faint smell of Marcus lingering in the air (a kind of neutral, musky scent). He gathered what little he had with well-practiced ease, rolling it all into a bundle and then filling up his duffel bag neatly, putting everything in its place. He didn’t think too much about all of this, the blond just went through the motions by rote, refusing to acknowledge the fact that his time here was probably coming to an end. His time as the Good Doctor could be over, and for what…his inability to curtail his addiction to danger? The chance to spend time with the most beautiful man he had ever set eyes on?
"Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson tutted as she slipped through the door to his apartment – absolutely uninvited (and therefore tedious in the extreme), "enough with this tantrum and come downstairs with the others."
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
is going on here? What’s this about finding me in a ditch?” He raised his eyebrows, cocking his head to the side incredulously. Marcus, as always, did his best impression of a jumper wearing statue behind John.
Yet, this is not what he did. This was not what John Watson was.
“What the hell does lip balm have to do with any of this?” Lestrade queried, moving closer to the baggie to get his own look up close.
the voice continued; his hips crushed against John’s buttocks, his dexterous hand bringing John to his pleasure.
“Hello!” The man’s geniality seemed false and forced, “John Watson I presume? Good afternoon.” He reached to shake the Omega’s hand.
The Alpha shifted, barely containing a whimper.
Barrymore gasped and choked on his own spittle, pulling his hands up to grip John’s wrists.
A sudden
I only need a few more chappies before this little journey is wrapped up. Just a few more plot points to take care of and then John and Sherlock can run off into the sunset, preferably on top of each other! BWUAHAHAAHAAA! *lecherously rubs her hands together*
Dr. Barrymore’s eyes drifted over the crumpled papers, then back to John.
Sebastian turned towards Irene, anger and excitement flashing across his marred face.
Wilkes moved his hand down slowly - a soft, tortuous slide of his fingertips - as he squeezed and prodded at the semi-turgid flesh. He fondled the loosened skin around the base of the Omega’s shaft that would have housed testicles, if he had any. The scrotal sack was merely vestigial now, as his ovaries were, of course, housed in his lower abdomen.
“You know I don’t need your permission. I’ll do it whether or not you agree.” He crossed him arms, just begging the older Beta to continue arguing.
I love constructive criticism as well, as long as it is constructive. Writing is a new hobby, so I am still learning (still learning SO MUCH).
Sherlock mouthed his way slowly down the left side of John’s face, nudging insistently with his nose and willing the Omega to tilt his head to the side and bare the delicate, downy, underside of his jaw. Whatever scent John emitted, weak though it was, it would be easiest to inhale it there…although most Alpha’s tended to prefer the thicker, muskier Omega pheromones that collected around the genitalia.
“Well, you probably should, you might be a little sore for the next day or so. I wasn’t…entirely gentle."
“Shut it Pete!” Ed began to fumble with his uniform belt, and John could hear the slip and slide of leather against cotton. He closed his eyes tightly, letting the tears falls and breaths hitch in and out at a dangerously rapid rate.  He began to feel oddly disoriented, and dully, in the back of his mind he realized he was hyperventilating and dangerously close to passing out.
John waited by the tape, hovering around the perimeter and wondering if Sherlock would remember he was even here, or if he should start making his way back to the bungalow…however far away that may be. The Omega craned his head a little further to peer past the detritus on the ground and possibly garner a look at the body.
anymore, he couldn’t
Now, he knew he didn’t have time to fuck around. While he wasn’t sure who exactly this alarm was alerting, he was fairly certain it would result in lots of men with lots of loaded guns.
“Sally Donovan, we’ve met, do you remember?”
it with Mycroft Holmes and all his rhetorical question?
John took a few steps towards the door, before stopping and glancing behind him.
And then, as he knew it would, the stress of the day and the incredible sorrow caused by Marcus’s sacrifice stimulated a flood of tears John could no longer hold back. He clutched at Sherlock, twisting the man’s jacket viciously and let the tears come.
Shakily, with the flush of his hormones making it feel difficult even to breath, he unbuttoned the first two buttons at his neck, feeling the cool air waft in gentle currents about his overheated and prickly flesh. He calmly removed his cardigan and with a trembling hand, placed it on its hook next to his own jacket. The Omega toed off his woollen socks and left them where they landed on the floor, his vision turning hazy.
Lestrade watched solemnly as they loaded Jimmy’s body, now zipped into the requisite black body bag, into the coroner’s van and swung the doors closed.
have to obey his new-found guide.
John crouched, moving down the hallway slowly, back curved and body weight balanced on the balls of his feet. Every long, elegant line of his body was taught with potential energy, it simmered under the surface, ready to be sprung at the slightest provocation. He carefully moved one foot in front of the other, gun grasped in both hands in front of him and pointed towards the floor. No one else had come for him, but he wasn’t counting himself free of danger just yet.
Follow me on Tumblr at justsuperblue.tumblr.com
If he had the choice, and the money, maybe he would have finally gone through with the Treatment he could have had years ago, making him full Omega and at least something desirable.  Honestly, he wasn’t even sure if this was a viable option at his age. He had heard the older the subject, the more painful and damaging the process. Plus, there was no guarantee he would even be fertile. John laid a hand across the lower part of his abdomen, picturing the underdeveloped ovaries and uterus floating there, useless and atrophied, just like his life.
Sholto stood from his chair slowly, keeping John in his sight as he did.
Once he was clear, he rocketed off the bed, delving into his luggage and throwing his clothes here and there, uncaring of where they landed. Pants, vests, and socks flew everywhere, distorting the almost perfect packing arrangement Anthea had no doubt devised. Sherlock prayed the laptop he’d managed to sneak into the zippered attachment was still there, though he could tell just by the feel of the side pouch that it was empty.
Mycroft never avoided cake, ever.
“Alright then,” John’s left hand twitched at his side, clenching and releasing in an unconscious motion he found difficult to control, “and if I am to call you Sherlock, you can just call me John then, yeah?” He proffered a small smile, jutting his chin forward, just daring Sherlock to refuse.
winced. “John, please, I –”
Once more into the fray! I am trying for a weekly update, but don't get mad if I fumble a bit along the way. I do love my story, but I get flustered sometimes. I think I am doing well so far! HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!
The Omega shifted uncomfortably, drawing his jacket tight around his torso like a shield.
It was late in the evening when John finally emerged from Sherlock’s bedroom, cane pounding against the hardwood floor with gusto.
“Sorry,
Oh, this would be fun.
happening in his wild mind, what occurred in those remarkable synaptic depths, and when they hazarded a guess, they usually couldn’t be farther from the truth.
The aftermath of the infamous punch! And a new break on the case!
“Tell me, Sally, how did you find yourself working for the Cottage? You’re a Guide of no-inconsiderable skill and yet I see you here, working off, what, several Tower fines? What exactly did you do to fall out of the Tower’s good graces?”
“I didn’t know I saw,” Sherlock continued in his crisp public school diction, the kind that made John’s heart thump a little harder and left hand flex unconsciously, “You’re a trained doctor, that much is obvious since first I met you. My homeless network actually calls you the ‘Good Doctor’ so no real deduction needed there. When I came across you in that alley the first night, it became clear you knew how to fight, and I’m not talking about dirty pub-type fighting, but actual grappling and hand to hand combat. Most doctors usually don’t receive that kind of training. When I brought you back to my flat, you were unconscious and mumbling; you mentioned a Major Sholto, a rather large clue there, as you can see. When you woke and cleaned up, I noticed you had taken the clippers to your hair in what is known as ‘military regulation’ or close to it. It comforts you, to revert back to your military ways, or as near to it as possible. You have a wound to your left shoulder and another to your right hip. As I obviously have not seen you unclothed I cannot ascertain as to what caused these wounds, though your limp is rather prominent and your hip pains you more often than not. So,” he paused then, glancing at John, his eyes glowing vividly in the muted light of the cab, “an Army Doctor honourably discharged due to injuries sustained in battle. Easy.”
The small blond cringed when he remembered the conversation at the kitchen table and the implied rejection. He really should have known better than to try and delve into the romantic life of a creature such as Sherlock Holmes. An apex Alpha like Sherlock simply didn’t need a latent Omega slobbering over him like a puppy, and John felt that was exactly what he did, even if
He followed in line, easily situating himself with his fellow stone-faced soldiers. Each of them had the same sort of thoughts running through their heads: what had happened? How many were dead? Will we get there in time? Who would make it back alive?
Come visit me at Tumblr, I'm nice, really! I reblog all Martin Freeman and cat photos!
. If you want me, you’d better
The younger man nodded, pressing his lips together in a neutral expression that seemed dangerously guarded. The entire atmosphere of the room suddenly changed in a single breath, Sherlock’s scent broadcasting anger and protectiveness.
Mycroft Holmes’ unctuous, public school tone resonated from the doorway to the kitchen. Sherlock stiffened, his fervent nestling ceasing abruptly, the low growling from his chest stuttering in its cadence.
John laughed, a bright and sudden sound in the room, placing his Jell-O cup back down on his hospital tray (he didn’t have the stomach for it anyway, it was the third time he’d had lime this week).
“Excuse me?” A young, female voice, floated around from behind him, causing the Omega to start a bit violently.
And Sherlock did, wiping his face with a triumphant grin once her back was finally turned.
. He didn’t care about himself, he didn’t care about his life, and he just…didn’t care.
, John thought,
” He grinned, overly wide, practically grinding his molars in ill-humour.
He had to focus.
Every day, his face stayed beet red as he sat through his gender studies class; he felt as though everyone in the class was looking at him, judging him for being only half a human, half a gender. It wasn’t his fault his mid-pituitary gland was faulty, nor was it his fault that his parents couldn’t afford the necessary hormones to correct his gonadotropin insufficiency. The NHS could only do so much with latent Omegas; the Treatment was considered elective and was thousands of pounds and months worth of pills and/or injections. It took consultation after consultation with several gender specialists for John’s family to decide he wasn’t worth it. It wasn’t much of a surprise. Of course they didn’t think he wasn’t worth it. As much as a 15 year old could hate his life, John certainly did.
Sherlock glanced away then, a little bereft. But the look was fleeting, and he was back into full frantic rapid deduction pace faster than John could even realize what had happened.
“Oh, well, how can one argue with percentages?” John snorted, sipping his tea and taking great care not to spill even a drop on his brand new Jennis & Warmann camel coloured tweed suit. “I wonder how I could have ever worried at all.”
IMA: Which is? I’m getting impatient.
“Y-yes, though, still a bit sore.” John hadn’t yet had the chance for the proper shower Sherlock promised him after their rather cryptic conversation upon his regaining consciousness. The Alpha had offered him a loose and verbally abrupt explanation of what occurred after the fight, and then offered him some kind of mysterious proposition; but John wouldn’t hear a word of it.
A rush of blood filled his cheeks, his neck, and
Mrs. Chandler sniffed anew, reaching into her bag to pull out a fresh tissue.
the beef was from,
“You didn’t have to interrupt your analysis to make me tea.” John proffered; a bit of a humble apology, as he was not used to being catered to, even if it was just a cuppa.
Sherlock Holmes stood not two meters away from him, and in his hand a blood smeared rock glittered in the sodium lights. His own eyes were bright and wide as he rushed towards John.
“Mycroft?” John questioned, one hand plugging up his opposite ear (it was rather noisy in the Underground), unsure if he’d receive a decent signal whilst waiting for the next train car.
“Thank you,” was all he could manage. He wished he could say more, but it was heartfelt, regardless, "if...if you're hungry, there's...," the Alpha waved his hand, motioning towards the abandoned food resting unmolested on the back of a panda care. She eyed the bag ravenously, then snatched it up before turning around and making her way back to the steps of the bungalow and into the warm arms of her beloved.
“What did you say to him?” He knew they had been talking, as both he and Sarah had heard their low, hushed conversation as they approached.
Sherlock remained silent, still standing uncertainly in the doorway, his handsome face drawn and pallid. Though John was the one wounded and in hospital, Sherlock looked like
John’s nostrils filled with the overwhelmingly acrid smell of fear and urine. The Omega frowned and looked down, taking in the sight of the man’s trousers slowly darkening with fluid. This man, this Alpha, had just wet himself. Right then, John had had enough. He couldn’t allow even a smidgen of sympathy or sentiment to enter his thoughts now. He needed to escape, find Irene, find Marcus’s killer, get the
“John!”
They were useless and counterproductive, these nightly visitations from a part of his life that was once treasured and full of promise. Now, that future he'd so fervently wished for (Major, or perhaps even being the first Omega to achieve Lieutenant Colonel), still lay smoking and bleeding on that long stretch of dusty road just outside of Garmsir.
“It’s hard to say, we only know that his DNA was on that cigarette and that he is involved. How very unfortunate that there doesn’t seem to be any information on him at all,” his voice was sarcastic, knowing, “no family history, no military history, although clearly judging by his clothing this man was enlisted at some point. No criminal or arrest record…”
The Sussex countryside had long been considered unbridled in its beauty. Rows of tall, elegant, well-pruned Italian cypress trees lined the simple roads, making lovely companions to the verdant hedges dividing the fields into brightly coloured squares and rectangles.
woman in the line at the chip and pin machine! Not to mention the cabbies!” Sherlock shivered, exhaling through his mouth as if to rid himself of some foul taste stuck to his tongue.
“I would have taken care of you, you know? You could have stayed with me…”
(See the end of the chapter for
She smiled at the man at her side, catching his eyes, as equally excited now as he was when he entered the room.
be like?
"There isn't much to tell now is there? He's dead."
Oh well, John had washed his hands of Harriet years ago. Her misplaced Alpha bravado kept her in and out of prison, following in the footsteps of their parents, drinking away her sorrows while simultaneously ruining the life of the woman who loved her.
“No. No, I –” he paused for a long moment, distracted as the ticking of the grandfather clock in the corner counted down the final minutes of his session. “No. I can’t, I just…can’t.”
“I met her today, at my appointment. I’m certain of it. She’s a bit older, yeah, but her hair and her face, they’re the same. She told me her name was Irene Adler…said she was Formed through the same study we’re investigating now. She’s the one who accepted me and gave me the capsules. How can this be true?”
“John –”
“Tell me Lestrade, do you do everything my brother tells you? Or do you only get in my way when it proves especially bothersome?”
him and
He considered initial implantation into this cortex during the early stages of the programme, though he’d eventually set it aside as entirely too risky. The cortex was recently found to be connected to the limbic system, the reward and pleasure centre of the brain. Others had now pioneered orbitofrontal cortex implants as cures for addiction and compulsive behaviours (including sexual urges), yet John still eschewed this type of treatment for a more peripheral approach.
The doors swung silently as the blond limped out of the morgue, out of the hospital, and into the cloudy (but strangely) bright London afternoon.
She flinched visibly, biting her lower lip in distress. With an inhale, she continued:
John blinked, was this some kind of ‘hurt my baby brother and I will destroy you’ speech?
“You know what you saw?” This was almost spoken like a challenge, and Sherlock sat, leant back, and took Sally in fully.
"Thank you. I mean it Sherlock, if I need you, I will let you know.
Jeremy exited quickly, closing the door behind him with a soft click.
He rushed forward, muscles taught, till he grasped the collar of Barrymore’s overpriced polyester travesty of a shirt between his knuckles. He backed him up against his own bookshelves so quickly the many Margaret Thatcher themed tomes wobbled in their rows.
Oh good, a turkey curry buffet.
OTHER: I’ll take you word for it Miss Adler. Is there anything else?
John took a moment to look at the clothing in the mirror. He wondered where exactly Sherlock got this clothing as he was clearly at least 6 inches taller than John, these would be entirely too small on his svelte frame. Did he buy these just for John? For a moment, the Omega allowed a sliver of something dangerous to breach his careful defenses and burrow warmly into the center of his heart.
John was almost…touched, but more amused than anything else. Sherlock was – what? Reading about relationships? To help John?
“There, you see? There…” Sherlock pointed a long, elegant finger at the heading of the flyer, “Warumomo, the name of the company; same as the pill, WMM. The 50 must be a lot number of sorts. Blue food grade ink, beta-carotene, probably beet extract…we’ll know more once we’re back at my flat,
Now, that got his attention.
“John-” The apex Alpha began.
Sherlock smiled to himself with rapturous, possessive glee…John had never had an Alpha, only Betas, and who could ever compare?
The blonde glanced down at the folded square in his hand, moving it about in front of him in abject wonder. “Incredible.”
the rest was…well, the rest was just…just nothing.  He’d given up hope for all of
The thought alone was mind boggling, impossible. He knew the odds. He even remembered the low-quality, grainy video showing Irene seizing and slobbering all over herself days ago. Could it have happened? Was it the only explanation for how he felt, the unexpected, sensuous pleasure and unwanted (barely mentionable) excretions?
“I thought you’d cut ties to Sebastian ages ago? You called him a loose cannon, or something else overly dramatic.”
John blinked at him,
What the
“If you’d be so kind,” the older man began, “I do so hate to wait.”
Sherlock thought about that ridiculous question for a moment. Of
it like a spool of thread rewinding, gathering up the emotions he’d flung outside of himself with abandon. He pulled it all back in, tamping down on all the pain and hurt he’d unknowingly broadcasted out to the poor, unsuspecting souls who had no idea they were being manipulated.
The entire convoy had come to a dead stop in the wake of the exploding Land Rover and…and
It didn’t help that the man was a Beta….well; he was a Beta with strong Alpha tendencies anyway. Major Sholto was literally one steroid hormone away from being a full-blown Alpha, and it showed. It was obvious in his posture, the set of his shoulders, and the tilt of his hips as he took his seat. This was a man in charge, and he knew it. John swallowed convulsively, taking in a breath before he decided to speak.
, and landed there. Judging also by its clean base and lack of accumulated dirt and soil, I would say it’s rather recent. All of that aside, I think the most convincing evidence is what you will find ringed around the edges of the paper, none other than lip balm – Lypsyl Honeyberry, to be exact. Its scent is
John had never felt so loved, so royally fucked, and claimed (let’s not mince words here), and so consumed in one session of fucking in his entire life. Granted, he didn’t have much experience to compare it to, but he was sure that sex with Sherlock Holmes was never nothing short of extraordinary, just like the man himself.
a surprise,” she rested one long finger against her bottom lip, tapping a crimson nail against the edge of her teeth, “well, I think it’s time.”
He rutted against John’s lower belly, his cock, large and forcefully twisted in his trousers catching on the flare of the head of the Omega’s own penis on every other thrust.
He moved into the room fully, silently closing the door behind him with a sibilant
The other end of the line was quiet, a little too quiet.
“Oh no, no…it’s alright. Just um, an unfortunate…”he stopped there, probably thinking better about what he was going to say, “well, never mind. Just follow me.”
He didn’t have the will to fight anymore. He’d rather just lie there, half-drowned, in a puddle.
. Fix it
Sally brushed a warm hand against his cheek in a moment of unexpected and impromptu camaraderie, Sherlock’s crocodile tears were enough to fool even the most suspicious of persons, and they seemed to be working quite well against Ms. Donovan.
Mummy never had approved of Sherlock’s lifestyle - of his unorthodox rejection of formal Sentinel schooling in favour of other, less verified, methods. Mycroft often wondered, if Sherlock had changed his mind and taken the more conventional route and studied at the Tower, would things have turned out very different?
Sherlock unbuttoned and unzipped John’s fly with a swiftness borne of desperation and pure, unadulterated
The taller brunette snorted inelegantly. “Indeed, John.”
He inhaled sharply, raising his hand parallel to the floor, watching it tremble. He watched as the fat droplet of blood grew too heavy and fell, branding the floor with a splash of colour amongst a sea of beige and dirty grout. Absently, he spread his thumb through the droplet, smearing the blood in an arc, watching as the line thinned and faded to a fetching pinkish stain towards the end.
Come and visit me on Tumblr:
John could feel the hardened length of the man behind him. It slipped and slid, luxuriating in John’s own slick, thrusting up and down the cleft of John’s arse, rubbing shamelessly against his swollen and sensitive entrance. The once sharp breathing stuttered behind him, growing more and more laborious as John suckled his finger and the man’s prick found it’s friction in John’s overheated flesh. His lover squeezed his left arm around John’s chest possessively, forcing John to lean backwards against him. John’s dampened back was now flush against his Alpha’s lean but tautly muscled abdomen. The position opened the Omega’s body to the void, leaving his front exposed and John’s swollen cock to jut out shamelessly into the darkness.
The other man shrugged, his blazer pulling on his shoulders. “I don’t know, I suppose we’ll find out.”
The motions were automatic, but his brain was an erratic, tumultuous whir of activity. He replayed the events of the past hour with painful clarity, wondering what had prompted him to be so hateful and abhorrent to the one person in his life that neither needed nor deserved such treatment.
The scene focussed on the cot, whereupon the young woman (John assumed the same woman as before, it certainly looked to be the case) was partially obscured by the bodies of the men leaning over her. A quiet, but insistent, rattling sound made its way through Mycroft’s small laptop speakers, growing louder and louder and sounding quite like a heavy tin can clattering against a linoleum floor. John only had a moment to wonder what exactly would make such a noise, when suddenly there was another shout. Dr. Frankland leant over the young woman, quickly assessing her form before viciously gripping the lab coat of the man next to him.
He became immediately aware that he was still lying on the same hideously uncomfortable mattress he remembered laying down upon, and wasn’t that just a
Again, a million pardons for the delay, but my fervor for this story has been rekindled. Maybe it is because of Season 4, or maybe cause I just want to write! Anyway! I hope you enjoy!
Marcus followed at a slower pace behind his limping doctor, practically plodding after the blonde. John paid him no mind, lost in his own thoughts as he was.
John sweated and breathed beneath him, helpless and at the dubious mercy of his hormones. He flushed - a lovely shade of pink that was not the result of exercise or embarrassment, but lust and desperation.
was a defect found only on the losing side.
Sherlock kneeled, slowly gathering glittering remnants of slides, piece by delicately jagged piece, and placing them in the sharps container he’d dragged all the way from across the cavernous room.
He didn't have the chance to scream. He didn't have the chance to apologize to Patterson for not being able to save him. The only thing he could do was lean, falling sideways into the dirt and pray…
He groaned and clenched his hands into fists, slamming them ineffectually against the firm mattress. The exercises weren’t doing him any good, and they certainly weren’t assuaging his raging erection either.
He threw the manila folder back onto the table, the papers and photos inside shifting and falling haphazardly upon the floor. John didn’t give a damn. He had spent a terribly painful afternoon getting assaulted, only to be (let’s face it) kidnapped, and then told he was to be used as some kind of spy bait in a rather clandestine murder investigation.
His mate did this all unasked, with a quiet and simple competence that instilled a swell of adoration and love inside John’s chest.
He burrowed into his bedroll, covering his form with a threadbare blanket, shivering hard once to shake out the moments of the day. A few deep breaths and the Omega was able to relax, eventually, his mind quieting and pulling him down into a dreamless sleep that promised an energized and eventful morning.
“Does it?”
She began to walk briskly, letting John follow behind her and running the risk of becoming completely mesmerized by the hypnotic sway of her ample hips.
He uncapped the syringe and was tipping the vial downwards when a sharp and vicious burst of pain lanced through his body. A single point of searing, violent agony exploded in his left shoulder like some savage beast had got his claws in his person and was tearing him apart one delicate muscle layer at a time.
Julia turned her head to Brandy expectantly, mouth clamped shut in a tight line.
Dr. Wilkes grasped the rough bottom of each heel and positioned his feet further to the side to sit in the stirrups that popped up from the end of the table. John complied, but only just; he had to keep reminding himself that innocent Omegas were being murdered. He had to be strong and get through this. As it was, he inhaled shakily and prepared for the worst. He could do this, he thought,
“John?” A light, feminine voice floated out from the small man-made cosmos, and John lifted the corner of his mouth in an indulgent smile.
“It fits the others then.” John murmured, remembering what Sherlock had told him about the previous bodies.  If there was any doubt in his mind that the dead Omegas and the fertility study were somehow connected, it was gone now.  They just had to find out why. Why was this happening?
,” John depressed the grey button on the machine, hearing the familiar high-pitched beeping as it prepared to shock, “
And that would finally be the last straw. John was prepared, oh
OTHER: What is that?
He twitched on the stretcher, flexing his arms, even though he knew it was fruitless. The fever inside his body raged, chilling and singeing his skin in tandem.
Dr. Frankland appeared once more, quickly leaning down towards the cot and grasping the woman’s jaw in one strong hand. In his right hand he held a thick sort of syringe, though there was no needle at the tip, only a kind of odd white cone. With the practised hand of a seasoned medical doctor (John knew the type, ultimately cool under pressure), he pushed the syringe firmly into one nostril and pulled down on the plunger quickly, injecting an unknown amount of vaporised fluid up the woman’s nose and into her nasal passages.
Dr. Wilkes was not a large man, but you’d never know it by the way his acrid coffee-laced breath subtlety quickened, as if he was recovering from some arduous physical activity. His warm hand gripped John’s shaft, which had thickened noticeably, a by-product of manual stimulation and (unfortunately) a perfectly normal reaction to a genital exam. John desperately willed the reaction to go down, feeling more than a little betrayed by his own body (a not altogether unfamiliar feeling).
“I am going to ask you a question, Sherlock, and you’re going to give a straight answer, yeah?” John prefaced, making it clear he didn’t much want or care for Sherlock’s usual mysterious and dissembling manner.
This voice - it could stay. He might
“I’ll not let you recover fully before letting the world know you are mine and mine
name is Greg you giant
he thought, dumping his duffle unceremoniously to the dampened, chilly ground. Threatening children was something he simply could not tolerate; plus, he couldn’t shake the hazy familiarity elicited by the boy’s voice.
The taller man’s gaze fell, face going serious and utterly grave.
“He’s with me, Sally.” Sherlock’s deep and sonorous voice caught John’s attention and he immediately looked over to the tall self-proclaimed detective standing on the other side of the blue and white tape (I’m on one side, he’s on the other, isn’t that appropriate?).
IMA: There are those who keep track of me, and they will wonder where I’ve gone.
– and while Sherlock had never gone so long without the urge for a hit, a bump, or a line, he missed the chemical bliss that allowed him to disconnect from the world and revel in the cold deductive reasoning he valued above all.
Sherlock, having sensed John’s hesitation, immediately looked up from his equipment, catching John’s rattled expression; it didn’t take much deducing to understand what was going through the Omega’s thoughts right now.
Though it seemed, in moments like this, all his ambitions were of little consequence in the end, if he couldn’t protect his family and those he held dearest to his orderly and most privately tended heart.
“Shall I draw up a list,
fell. What does
John regarded Sherlock blearily, suddenly feeling sorry for the man. And when the bloody hell had he got so
“You asked about the procedure?” Mrs. Whitney hovered about in the doorway, seeming to already know that Sherlock was insatiably curious as to how they planned on managing his Sentinel abilities without a Guide and without bonding.
Visit me! OMG! I love you all!
Sherlock lifted the mobile to his ear in one elegant sweep, still not taking his jewelled eyes off the Omega sat across from him.
It took him a very long time to gather up enough willpower to move again. It may have only been minutes; or maybe as long as an hour, but it felt like
And John fell asleep not long after to the feeling of his beloved’s sensuous tongue, licking and fondling his bite mark, sending shocks of pleasure down his spine, and completely convinced of the notion that although Irene never mentioned bonding was possible, it most certainly was.
an idiot.
you wanted Sherlock. I just…don’t understand.”
John! He may seem simple and harmless to you, but believe me, he knew what he was doing and you wouldn’t have been able to stop him, no matter how hard you fought.”
She swept a heavy-lidded gaze over the diminutive Omega and smiled, brushing a hand to smooth over the glossy chignon secured at her neck.
“If that’s what you feel you have to do but…please be careful, John.” There was no mistaking the care and worry in his tone. “Maybe…I can come in with you?”
Jeremy was behind the desk as John entered the makeshift waiting room; though the young man appeared stiff and quite ill-at-ease. He greeted John with a harried smile and told him to wait just a few moments. The fluorescent lights inside the room were making John’s head ache even more than he previously thought possible. He reminded himself once again that he had to make this quick.
Sebastian Moran’s head tilted backwards, gently, as if someone just swapped him on the forehead in a loving gesture. Then, he collapsed upon himself and fell to the ground in a heap of flesh and bone.
, and Marcus suddenly went limp. His weight crushed John against the stone wall for a moment as the Alpha slumped downwards in slow motion, his hands still grasping John’s jumper, before he finally fell sideways and to the ground in an inelegant heap. John eyes followed his unconscious form, then glanced upwards quickly, confused as to what had just happened, and who his rather unlikely savior could be.
He started to the sound of the door opening behind him, purposefully stilled his jittery hands at his side, trying to appear a little more composed than how he felt.
Sherlock sighed, high-pitched and overdramatic. “Fair enough.”
“My brother and I haven’t been able to glean much more than that, though he is working it at a different angle than I. Needless to say, we’ve had few breakthroughs in our own investigations, and I am currently trying to find someone on the inside…someone I can work with who has access to the study and it’s facility.”
– he made do with relatively tame heavy petting and deep kissing sessions. Which, let’s face it, where absolutely and staggeringly
If Sherlock still wanted John to move in and take the extra room (revelatory conversations from this afternoon notwithstanding), John’s not entirely sure he would still say no. It’s not as if John wants to be homeless, but…he doesn’t accept charity either. He’s not a moocher and, under the circumstances, would make doubly sure he was able to pay his own way from the get-go. That would certainly take some time, and some serious, deep down cleansing.  He realized he could take a job, any job, even though his latent status still would interfere a bit on that front.
He turned his indigo gaze back upon the young man, noting his brown hair (fashionably shaggy), dark eyes (just this side of Earl Grey), the glint of a dangerously well-maintained firearm at his belt (he always did like dangerous), and thought, just for a moment mind, maybe he
flat, why on Earth would anything belonging to you be here.”
John only heard a small rustle of movement behind him as he felt the mattress dip down towards his feet. He felt a touch, feather light, as Sherlock’s chest thrummed and purred at the Omega’s sudden and eager acquiescence. Alphas, even apex Alphas, weren’t so hard to please when a willing partner finally succumbed and presented themselves for mating.
“Dr. Watson, I fancy myself a practical man, and I don’t base my life, or the life of those I love, on a sentiment as foolish as hope. Nor should you.” Mycroft stood very slowly, stretching out his long body for his imminent departure. “I’ll be watching this place, you and my brother. I am pleased you’ve answered my questions today, your refusal would have been...unfortunate for you. Your transparency behoves you. See that it stays that way.”
Sherlock continued, oblivious to Molly’s stuttering and cerebral shutdown.
“Let's start with your family.”
Trudi untied the tourniquet and held pressure at the puncture site, making sure he didn’t bleed out all over the table, while simultaneously flipping through the papers on the clipboard, “I thought so too, but we got a fresh shipment in just yesterday. Not sure how they pulled that one, but, because of your…because you…” She tripped over her words; clearly she was finding it difficult to state openly that John was homeless.
“Marcus, please. I – I didn’t mean anything by it. I just…” John gulped a breath of air, “Please don’t be angry with me.”
loud – alarm that suddenly flooded the entire building.
Jesus Christ it was
Julia and Brandy stood not too far from him, smiling reservedly and bouncing their new baby side to side. Sarah leant forward, talking lowly to the baby girl and sending small little smiles to Bill.
John breathed in slowly to a count of five, and then exhaled to a count of the same.
“Is there anything you need, Mr. Holmes?” John was aware that though the towel covered all the important bits, he was essentially naked, staring at a frankly stunning apex Alpha, who seemed convinced that having a conversation through the bathroom door was a perfectly okay thing to do.
, he thought, closing his eyes in instant mortification,
A short update I know, more to come!
, if it hadn’t been wedged open by a quickly placed heavy boot. The man with the Taser was pushing full force against the door, grunting with exertion as John threw himself bodily against it a futile attempt to keep them from entering the bungalow.
Now, they were alone, and John concentrated on putting one step ahead of the other, the click of his shined shoes reverberating through the nave.
John was…
Sebastian remembered with morbid clarity the night Jake, Michael, and himself had been sent to collect the Omega. In the end, John Watson not a man to be underestimated, and they all had suffered for it.
Turning his mind back to the mystery at hand, John reached into his jeans and pulled out the small capsule. He rolled it around in his palm a few times; testing the weight and distribution, but found nothing out of the ordinary. A thought suddenly popped into his head, maybe…
, love, are you close..?” John gasped. “Because I am
“Look, I know it sounds bad, Christ, I know it
“Yes John. No Lion bars this time, John.” He nodded gamely, seemingly concentrating very hard on this new and heretofore unknown food rule.
“Is it?” It took all his not inconsiderable self-control to remain blank-faced and calm under the barrage of sensory input practically oozing from the man now stood before him.
With a heaving breath, John came back to his senses; ashamed that he allowed even that brief moment of melancholy to cloud his thoughts. No doubt Sherlock was reacting to the scant amount of pheromones he was emitting, although with his sensitive nose it was probably obvious to him that John was less than happy.
“Delegation, brother dear,” the older man ignored the stab at his propensity towards pastries and slipped a thumb drive into his freshly booted laptop, “although I don’t think we will need it after all. The initial few minutes were informative enough to gain us a substantial lead. Quite auspicious, don’t you think?”
POLICE: This interview is being tape recorded and transcribed. I am REDACTED and I am based in London, England. I work with the Omega Protective Services. What is your full name?
“You think after the scenting he would have… what, happily left you to your own devices and moved along? Found something better to do?” Sherlock cocked his head, one thick eyebrow raised. “I don’t think so. He would have finished what he started.”
“Shh. There’s a good lad now Mr. Holmes, off to sleep you go.”
The older Alpha sighed and collected his laptop, stowing it away in his carrier. With a twirl of his umbrella, he moved towards the door. “If you wish, though please don’t be too long. My brother and I have much to discuss, don’t we Sherlock?” That last statement was loaded with…
He was only vaguely aware of a third goon, not dressed near as nice as the first two, stepping through the backyard and into the filthy kitchen.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to ring him?” she fiddled with one gauzy sleeve of her cerise dress.
, and he’d be damned if he was leaving without them.
leave him alone, he realized the man needed time to himself.
DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. I only play with them, in ways that I assume they'd like to be played with! LOL
He really should have known better, but in the scuffle with the large Cigarette man, he lost his focus on his other attacker. Chalk it up to copious amounts of adrenaline affecting his short-term memory, but John was actually surprised to be seized from behind yet again. This was getting a little ridiculous. With a cry of rage, John threw himself backwards and slammed the other man into the wall, once…twice…three times before the man howled in pain and released his grip, finally slumping down the wall, and gasping for air.
A sudden, dense wave of calming pheromones assaulted the Omega, and John felt a large, cool hand place itself on the back his clammy neck. The hand pushed his head forward gently, ever so slightly coaxing the blond to bend forward and place his dampened head between his knees.
