Dean thought his heart had been extinguished, left a pile of cold ashes. But Jack's words stoke the hearth, revealing the ashes to be coals, dimmed but not doused, burning bright and hot from within.
"If you can hear me, you need to listen. Because Dean...you shouldn't be here. You shouldn't have come back. You need to move on. Whatever it is that's keeping you here, you need to let go of it."
Cas loved him. Cas loved him so much that he died for it. And now, he's gone forever. Restored to factory model angel-of-the-lord.
"I could put you back to sleep right now," Meg taunts. "It would be so easy. We've got so many plans for you, Dean. So many ways for you to torment yourself. We've got the nastiest, most brilliant minds in the history of existence coming up with new nightmares for you as we speak. You'll spend eternity pushing everyone away from you, poisoning everyone you love, and you won't know it's not real."
Cas' eyes, brimming with tears, but full of relief and peace as the Empty swallowed him. Happiness looked beautiful on him.
"Yeah, well, I've had time to think," Dean mumbles. "And uh. You're right. I have been doing it my whole life. But well, we have free will now, and uh. Maybe I want something else."
Dean's crying by now, and Cas is too, and he's still in a state of shock, but he chokes out, "Yes, Dean, yes, of course," smiling as he says it, watching Dean's face bloom with light and joy. Cas stretches out his left hand and Dean takes it in his own as he rises to his feet.
Jack stares at Dean for a moment too long, and it tugs at Dean's heartstrings a little more than he'd like to admit. He's so much like his dad.
"Cas, I didn't tell you because I didn't think you could ever love me. I didn't think you could love me because I'm...well, I'm a mess. And you're you. You're an angel, and I didn't think you even could feel love the same way humans do. The way I do." And Dean has to say it now, he's right there, teetering on the edge of the deep end.
"You. I want you. And whatever you want to do. That's what I want my life to be." Dean's earnestness takes Cas' breath away. It never gets old, being loved.
Unconsciously, Dean stomps on the Impala's brakes. The thought alone is enough to stop for, but he's also where he needs to be. It's night by now, only the moon left to illuminate the barn. It looks a little more decrepit, a little more weathered than he remembers, but he remembers it all the same. Dean swallows hard. Whatever he has to do, he has to do it now. No more running. Nowhere left to go.
"They must have overpowered us," Jack concludes, shaking his head. "I don't remember anything after the realization that I was breaking apart. Except...except the dreams." He curls in on himself, looking smaller than ever as he locks his gaze on his kneecaps.
A blinding flash of light stops Dean in his tracks. The clamoring, screaming chatter of voices falls silent, hushed like a candle guttered by a gust of wind.
That's the thought that makes Dean sure he can't go forward. Because he wouldn't be that lucky. If he'd been lucky - if someone was watching out for him - he wouldn't be here in the first place. Jack said he was going to be hands-off, and Dean believes him.
Dean grins, and leans down to brush his lips to Cas'. "I love you, Cas," he murmurs against his lips, just hovering there. Cas moves up to meet him in a real kiss. His heart feels like it's overflowing, sending heat surging through his limbs, making his head spin. It's everything he never dared to dream he would get.
"Cas," Dean says. "You gotta bring him back." He forces the words out through gritted teeth. His voice sounds harsh to his own ears, angry but strangely flat. It's a struggle to filter out the emotion bubbling in his throat, threatening to choke him.
"Dean, I'm not coming back home," Jack states. His clinical tone is at odds with his words, which smack Dean across the face. "In a way, I'm already there."
"A whole coven? Shit. Yeah, I can be there today. Yeah, I'm okay. See you soon," Sam says, holding his phone to his ear with one hand and pulling his boots on with the other. Dean watches silently from the hallway as Sam packs his things. He tries not to spy on Sam too much, but it's hard to break a habit he's had since before kindergarten. He catches himself worrying about Sam just as often as he did before he died, and this is no exception. This doesn't sound good, whatever Garth is dealing with. Dean knows that Sam and Garth can both handle themselves, but he'd sure feel better if he knew they had backup.
Dean closes his eyes. He breathes, and feels Cas breathe with him. He opens his eyes and looks directly into Meg's.
Cas' body is battered, his brain is bruised, but his heart is whole in a way he's never felt. And based on the peaceful smile on Dean's face, the ease of Dean's hand around his own, he thinks Dean feels the same.
"Dean, wait!" he calls. Dean rolls his eyes, but he's secretly glad to be able to feel annoyed with his brother again. As if Dean would leave without him.
Fading, Dean thinks about Cas. Cas is never off his mind, not really, but his world is fracturing and splintering and he grabs at the biggest pieces of his life to hold onto.
"I'm sure he would be," Billie says, "if he were alive. How's it feel to have killed him? And after all those nice things he said about you..."
Dean screams to no one and nothing, a wordless, soundless cry of frustration. He fears for Sam. He fears for Garth. He fears for Miracle, even though he knows Sam is dropping her off at the nicest doggy day care in the lower 48. How is he supposed to protect them? What is he supposed to do if he can't protect them? If he can't save them?
"Figured you must have stashed them in the back somewhere," Dean says. "They get in here, knock the two of us out, start causing trouble. I'm sure they made one helluva racket looking for a way out of here."
Dean starts simple. It's just one word, carved painstakingly into the dust blanketing the largest desk in the War Room.
He hasn't forgotten Cas - how could he forget? Forgetting Cas would be like forgetting how to drive, how to eat, how to breathe. It's muscle memory, thinking about him. Cas touched his soul. Cas touched his heart.
Nothing happens. But unlike last time, when he had plunged into panic, Dean remains steady. He waits, just breathing, noticing the expansion and contraction of his chest, finally unburdened of its deepest secret truth.
"Dean," she says, and she signs his name at the same time, unconsciously. She looks down at her hands, then starts over.
Few people have visited as many planes of existence as Dean, and he's completely lost here. It doesn't feel the same as anywhere he's been. This place lacks the heat and pressure of Hell, the sharpness of Purgatory, the blank soothing calm of Heaven. It's too bright to be the Empty, doesn't put the chill in his bones.
Dean still has no friggin' clue how he's going to make that happen, but it won't stop him from trying. He's got a promising little shopping list going - a wing feather from an owl hatched under a new moon, the last leaf to fall from a willow tree, seawater from a changing tide. No clue how he'll get those things, but he'll cross that bridge when he comes to it.
Dean cautiously follows them, tracking their progress as they explore the bunker. They're just kids. Watching them reminds him of some show he used to watch.
A faint smile pulls at the corner of Cas' mouth. "I always do," he murmurs. Dean squeezes his hand tightly, as if to remind himself that Cas is right.
It's not his car, clearly. He doesn't think it's the bunker itself. Cases like that are rare, and Dean doesn't think he's that special. Plus, he didn't die in the bunker, so it doesn't seem likely.
Also: sorry to keep adding chapters! This chapter got longer than I expected. Chapter 4 will definitely, absolutely be the final chapter, for real this time. Thanks for reading!
Cas turns his head back to a front-facing position, letting out an uncomfortable little groan at the way his movement pulls at his wound. But the pain has helped clear away a bit of the fog, and he can see the basic sketch of the room he currently occupies - a cold, sterile room with speckled tile below him and industrial lights above him. The lights are turned off, mercifully, leaving the room in a quiet semidarkness. Everything looks washed-out, colorless. It smells washed-out too, almost like nothing at all, but with a faint scent of cleaning supplies and a lingering odor of illness. A hospital. Cas does not remember his other hospital stays with any sort of fondness, and he can feel an uneasiness settling over him.
"You’re very much focused on the matters of sexual intercourse, though. I wonder what conclusions that allows one to draw about your character.“ Castiel leaned back a bit on the sofa and sipped his cocktail extra loudly and conspicuously until the glass was empty.
"I learned Elvish for the movie night later,“ Cas suddenly remarked. Dean grinned, shook his head and put an arm around Cas‘ shoulders.
Probably all the bar patrons thought he was a loser who drowned his self-doubt in alcohol because otherwise he couldn’t find happiness and redemption.
Cas is still goggling at Dean, trying to make sense of what he's saying. Before he can even ask the question, Dean answers it in a rush.
Before Dean can finish, Cas steps back, leaving Dean's hands cupping the air. Cas turns away. He takes one step, two steps, and then Chuck snaps his fingers, and Cas is gone.
, Dean thinks again. He falls to his knees and he screams, a long wordless howl of agony that echoes around his empty, empty, empty home. It extinguishes every single light bulb, and the darkness rushes in to wrap Dean in despair.
It's loud. Not loud like a jet engine, or loud like a thunderstorm. Loud like silence. Loud like the moment after you say something you wish you could take back. Loud like being deep enough underwater that you wonder if you'll ever be able to surface.
A quarter of the way through a collection of scribbled notes on summoning rituals, Dean suddenly realizes he's reading his own handwriting. The memory of writing it lurches back into his mind. A few years back, Dean had made a point to update some of the library materials with new information, tricks he'd picked up. He hoped they would be helpful to future hunters. Now, they might just be helpful to him.
Before Dean has formulated a question, before he can even open his mouth to ask, Jack answers. "I can't interfere. I can't tell you how to raise him. But you can. Have faith. Remember the beginning."
After watching Jack vanish, Dean turns back toward the Impala, walking with quick, short strides. He pulls open the door and slides behind the wheel, shutting the door behind him. He looks back over his shoulder to see Sam hurrying towards the car.
"It's not much," Dean says, but Cas recognizes the band as Dean slides it onto Cas' left ring finger. Dean must have gotten it resized, because it fits perfectly.
Dean lets his head fall forward, burying his face in his hands as despair pulls him into the deep again.
"Yeah," Dean breathes out. "Yeah, really. Is that...okay?" A more familiar expression is creeping into his face now as Dean tucks his chin down and glances up at Cas through his eyelashes. He bites into his bottom lip. It's part anxious, part hopeful, and all raw vulnerability. It's the same look he wore when he brought Cas back and told him he loved him too.
This has been mostly canon-compliant (or at least canon-adjacent) so far but that ends here, because obviously nothing happened after that final scene where Jack walked away. That was the end of the show! We didn't see anything after that!
Sam punches Chuck first, and Dean is happy to let him have it. He knows it's just a diversion, and Dean doesn't trust himself to pull back after only one hit.
Bent double as he tries to catch his breath, Dean notices a bottle tucked under his bed. Whiskey. The good stuff. He'd been saving it for something, but he can't remember what. He grabs the bottle, and he starts drowning in a different way.
He drops onto his bed as if from a great height, and again experiences the bizarre sensation of having the wind knocked out of him without needing to breathe. It feels like someone hit a reset button.
Time isn't quite the same for Dean. He's aware of time passing, but it's hard for him to track hours, days, weeks. He doesn't know how long he's been back before Sam gets a call to go help Garth with a hunt.
So he talks about the good times. About how proud he is. About how Sam was there for him, how important he is.
It doesn't hurt, being reset, but it's also not pleasant, and it's pissing Dean off. After he's exhausted all his possible door options, he tries just going straight through the walls.
He opens his eyes to see a whiskey bottle, which he'd apparently been using as a pillow. Slightly more comfortable than the floor. He doesn't remember how he got there. The bottle isn't totally empty. "Look out," he tells it.
Dean's voice wobbles on the last phrase, and he takes another long pause. He runs his left hand down his face, from his forehead over his downturned eyes, stopping at his mouth, where he clenches it into a fist.
Cas and Dean just stare at each other for a long time. Dean's eyes seem to glow brighter than anything in the semidarkness, burning into Cas' own. There's love behind them, Cas realizes, and he knows his own eyes are projecting and reflecting the same fierce passion.
Then, he stops to rest. Usually he thinks about Cas. He prays, often. Sometimes he gets stuck in loops, where he's just apologizing over and over.
He's heard before that when you die, your life flashes before your eyes. Dean can't see it but he feels it. He feels the joy and pain and love and rage burn through him. The love most of all.
And now, Cas is here. He's right here in front of Dean and Dean can't pick his feet up off the ground, can't pull air into his lungs. All that moves is his heart, pounding as it never has before.
Somehow, that's worse. Cas feels his jaw drop. Dean stays silent, eyes scanning Cas' face. Cas struggles to gather up his thoughts, which seem to have scattered like cockroaches under a bright light.
Actually, being a ghost fucking sucks, Dean decides. There's so much he misses, but it's the little things that start to get to him. When he finds himself missing the way the sunlight feels on his face, or the taste of a decent cup of fresh coffee, or the freedom to just go outside, he grits his teeth and gets back to work. These are all things that Cas can't enjoy anymore, and he won't stop until Cas is free.
“Save yourself,” the entity beseeched him.  Castiel pulled every memory of Dean he had to him and wrapped them around himself like armor.
“Nothing! I was just… I was...” He held his breath as Dean pushed past him towards the kitchen, returning moment later with an armful of beer bottles, staggering back down the hall to be swallowed up by his dark room. The loud crack of the slammed door made Jack flinch. He stood for several minutes, frozen in place, afraid to move in case Dean might reappear. When he was satisfied that Dean wasn’t coming back out, Jack ran lightly down the hallway back to his room. He closed the door and leaned against it, eyes closed, thinking again about his father. Not Lucifer. He felt no kinship, no connection to Lucifer. He was just a name. He still thought of Castiel as his father. It didn’t matter to him what anyone said. Castiel was the one he was connected to. He missed him. Even though they’d never really met. At least not face to face. Even so, Jack could still feel the connection like a tether. He sighed, and climbed onto the bed, arranging himself cross-legged atop the blankets. He slept very little so he’d spent most of his time in the room sitting like this, replaying these past few days, his first on earth. How he had just suddenly been awake, alive. The startling brutality of those initial few minutes, the gunshot, the fear, the way his power had exploded from him. Searching for Castiel, walking, meeting Clark and his mother, being stabbed by the angel. And then Sam’s kindness, Dean’s rage, meeting Donatello, being tricked by Asmodeus, almost opening a Hell Gate. It had all just been so much. And running through all of it, an insidious river of thought,
"Please! And what exactly would that be? The art of lazing around?“ Gabriel winked at him, and Castiel rolled his eyes.
"Agreed,“ he replied, as if Castiel seriously expected an answer to this question. He obviously belonged to the mischievous sort of man, assumed to draw him out with a few snappy remarks. Castiel drank a few sips and pondered over the last few hours.
For Castiel, sharing religious opinions on a larger scale, in a context that didn’t include his family or a study environment, was entirely unfamiliar and demanding. He quickly found that much was happening to him.
? Yeah, a bit like that. Fucked up, not a thing I wanna think about. Let’s not talk about that stuff if you don’t mind.“
He hated the person he had become, the person the Mark made him. The person he would become. No longer truly human, maybe not a demon again, but just a shell of his normal self. Another scream rose in his throat, wanting to get out, to make itself known.
"We need to get into the Christmas mood, don’t we?“ Cas only hummed along to the tune and in doing so always made some gruff, Cas-specific noises. Dean’s body was full of serotonin. Showing feelings, emotions coming from deep within, wasn’t his strong suit. He knew he was difficult to say the least when it came to accepting or even recognizing them in the first place.
He shook his head, called a waitress over, asked her for a pen and paper, and wrote down the library address, room, and time.
Then Cas took his chin between his fingers and stroked it, apparently reflecting thoroughly on his next words. “Life is strange sometimes, isn’t it? A few months ago I had my mind solely on work and now-“
Here comes part 12. :) Writing this chapter made me very emotional. The rollercoaster which is their love, I gotta tell you...
And Castiel felt warm, and he wanted to hear more, he only wanted to listen to Dean’s voice, nothing else. Wanted to tell him anything. Instead, he simply spoke his fears out loud.
He wandered through the various floors, lingering on the third floor, the actual Hall of Fame, studying the exhibits, large pictures on the walls, reading the texts. Not only that, but he naturally spent a particularly long time at Led Zeppelin, remembering how, for example, Stairway to Heaven had created a connection between him and Angel so early on.
In the afternoon they decorated their Christmas tree. Initially, they put fairy lights on there, so many of them. Cas was beaming at every light which found its place on the tree. "We are able to bring illumination, more brightness into the world.“ Dean’s body felt warm, and he was so frigging smitten with Cas. Little moments like this only intensified the sentiment.
Dean recapped the last few hours. They had only been at the coffee shop. Hannah had seemed sincere, even if he couldn’t be completely sure. The ex-lover and Cas’s weird ass reaction came to mind. Yeah. This guy had something to do with it. Probably.
On the ride to Bath, Cas didn’t say a word. In fact, he kept moving his body toward the window until they were separated by so many inches that Dean felt dizzy. Cas stared out the window, not giving him a single glance as he had always done before.
"Well come on, apparently we can both use distraction,“ he struck a conciliatory tone. Again, only a grumble followed. "Can you do anything else besides constantly answering with a hum?“
Castiel’s breath caught. What was happening here? What had gotten into Dean? He was like changed, suddenly so open and honest and there. Dean cleared his throat and fixed a spot on the ugly green-and-yellow-patterned wallpaper. "I understand,“ Castiel said, after pondering Dean’s words for some time.
In fact, Cas laughed so hard with his entire body that Dean’s cell phone fell out of his hand. It landed in the footwell, under the passenger seat. Great. And now Cas was between him and the phone, so he couldn’t even turn off this awkward conversation.
"You were actually serious about that?“ asked Sam, grinning like he won in the lottery. "Okay, have it your way. But don’t whine later. You can save that for Cas.“ A smile involuntarily spread across Dean’s face at the mention of his best friend. Lover. "Oh man, every time I think you can’t look more intensely while thinking of Cas,“ Sam revolted. His eyes looked at him full of warmth, though, and no more words were needed.
Oh. Castiel had assumed this for a while, but hearing Dean say it out loud made him nervous. What was he supposed to say? Nobody had prepared him for this. "Never told anybody about this, actually. Not even Sammy, although I think he knows anyway,“ Dean added after two minutes of awkward silence.
Nowadays in an entirely different way than at that time. When he closed his eyes and thought about the last weeks, he tasted pure happiness on his tongue again.
They put themselves in the roles of commanders, moved "casualties“ aside, and screamed themselves into a frenzy. Strategies were discarded by the minute, and in the end they laughed so hard that they forgot their game. They squabbled, tickled each other, and fell into their own battle, where it didn’t matter who won or didn’t win.
Whenever Cas moved, he kept brushing Dean’s upper body and legs. Always just enough, hence Dean could remember how it felt to have Cas‘ body pressed against his, and yet so little that everything else was left to his imagination. Sometimes they stepped on their feet, other than that it was the most intimate dance Dean had ever experienced. The world around them was forgotten, as they moved in unison, holding onto each other.
At home, he was overcome by a real urge to write. He wrote for hours without stopping and managed to complete a rough draft for the first third of his novel. He had to work full steam ahead for the next few months, which would be challenging on top of his job. But he was highly motivated and knew he would deliver a great result. He was back.
Confusion spread in him, although their time together was still thrilling and wonderful and the best thing he ever had. He had to talk to Cas because he knew there was something going on with him. He had to find out, had to have the guts to talk about them.
Cas updated him that, given the difficult family situation with Dean’s father, he had asked about ways to take action against him. Cas’s caring touched him, and yes, maybe that was good. After all, Dean had noticed in recent weeks that many attorneys treated him with condescension when he described to them his plan to sue his dad or take legal action against him. Even more so, the costs were so outrageous that he could never come up with the money to do it, besides all the bills. Cas was a good man, a very good one.
But Cas on the other hand, he was so graceful and seemed to be a natural at ice skating. He went round after round, getting faster and more daring every time. The other people applauded and cheered. Dean grinned proudly and told everyone running past, "That’s Cas!“
So they did. Dean watched the stripper, to his own surprise felt NOT turned on by her although she had one hell of a body. But he tried, he tried to appreciate the thought here, Cas obviously wanted to give him something he liked. And at his thought he finally grinned.
"You’re so fucking funny, you should have become a comedian,“ Dean grumbled to himself. "You better help me out. If I outright die every time, it’s not really a triumph for you either.“
Fascinated, Dean leafed through the little booklet. Almost every page had a new entry, always marked with a date. David’s writing as a youth was accurate and the entries were written with great care. Cas had become quiet and listened patiently to Dean, who read some entries aloud and couldn’t wipe the grin off his face. He couldn’t explain why, but felt even closer to Cas than before. After a while Cas seemed to want to keep himself busy because he slipped to Dean and examined the tin box.
Sam, Dean and Cas enjoy a peaceful Christmas Eve with movies, snow and a dinner. On the verge to December 25 essential truths are given. Cas confesses his love to Dean.
Cas had stated all this in such a monotone voice that Dean’s chest tightened painfully. In those seconds, Cas no longer seemed like the adorable dork to him who made him laugh and with whom he could have such profound conversations. No longer like the man who had captured his heart and reformed his way of thinking. Who had prompted him to rebel against the demons of his past and the monsters of the present. Who encouraged others in their sexuality with his writing. Who inspired his students with his insights and his unyielding belief in them.
Cas stayed with him on the sofa after that. Although Dean would’ve loved to simply close the distance between them and sat right beside (or on) Cas, he didn’t. He was too overwhelmed and agitated, and honestly, it was enough that Cas was with him. They commented on the scenes, cheered for the characters and damn, this was so much fun. They’d definitely need to watch more movies together. Loads of.
His phone vibrated, and he grinned as soon as he saw the sender. He wouldn’t tell anybody, but he adored texting so much at the moment. He felt like a high school chick. The message only contained six words. ”
I’m late with my long response, I know. I’m really sorry about that. But like I mentioned in the short message I’ve sent you at like 6 a.m. after that night: No need to worry anymore.
Chose this specific library for many reasons. I mean, I didn’t even study the Classics, although I love those texts (as you might have noticed). Studied English, FYI. However, the Classics and the ancient times in general?
He thought about the fact he wanted to inspire and move people with his writing, he thought about creating characters that freely lived same-sex love.
He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to interpret this surprise. This one seemed to be more intimate, more personal – and he liked it. A lot. Son of a bitch, he felt vulnerable and soft, and he was somehow convinced that was the exact thing Cas had wanted him to feel.
He got exactly that, medical bills for the treatments and all the check-ups (many, many of 'em) were expensive, but I figured he would be better. And he was better, for a while. Then, all out of a sudden, it got worse again. Doctor said the only way to actually save him was surgery. He meant that literally cause without the surgery my brother would die.
Then, they looked at each other. Cas seemed a bit bewildered, maybe he was exhausted from the drive. Cas sighed softly and the little smile he gave Dean caused a pleasant shiver on his whole body. At that moment he – again – thought that Cas had never looked better and fought against the urge to kiss him senselessly.
He must’ve dozed off at some point because the next thing he noticed was a rustling sound nearby. "That you Cas?“ he asked sleepily when he heard a familiar grumble. Dean opened his eyes and sat up. "I’m sorry, Dean, I didn’t want to wake you. The light was still on, so I thought you were awake,“ Cas stated with his cute little smile.
"I don’t know what...“ Cas put his hand on Dean’s mouth, using more pressure the more often Dean tried to say something. Dean growled, but he sounded more like a yelping dog which hadn’t been outside for some hours.
Castiel tapped his forehead with his finger. "If you want to talk biology with anyone, just find another victim.“
It was as if Dean understood that his personal peace, just like Dean’s, was in being with him. Only with him, when he could forget everything else.
They had become so close despite heaven’s plans and rules. Therefore, they’d be a match made outside of heaven. And somehow, this thought comforted Dean a lot – and he was able to fall asleep calmly.
Then he went to the Greater Cleveland Aquarium and examined all the fish and turtles and other animals.
“On what, sweetie?“ Holy shit, she really was a siren. Depends on whether you don’t mind that my thoughts are currently all about a guy I don’t actually know at all, but kinda also know frigging well, Dean thought. “There is someone...“ he said in a firm voice.
This time Cas didn’t smile, he looked at Dean insistently. He licked his lips, seemed to be waiting for something. Dean wanted Cas, he wanted him so much that his heart should’ve jumped out of his chest. Never had he wanted a kiss more, never had he longed for something so much. Cas – finally – nodded encouragingly, and immediately Dean pressed his mouth on his. Cas gasped and returned the kiss without hesitation.
Grinning, he walked over to his stereo and searched for some music that would get him in the right mood. He looked through his CDs, shaking his head over and over again, until the 90s compilation fell into his hands. When he had bought it, he had been heartbroken for the first time in his life. Over Lisa Braeden who had dumped him before prom with a lame excuse.
"I solely invented it for our pleasure tonight.“ Castiel smiled at Dean whose jaw had dropped. Feelings of happiness shot through Castiel’s body at his reaction. There was something to be said for rendering Dean speechless.
"You insult me, Angel. You know me. I’m a direct person.“ Dean winked at Cas, who looked at him with a mixture of amusement and amazement. "You’re peculiar.“
"Beg your pardon? What the fuck, Cas? Then I would go to a bar and hit on somebody. Except some random person would NEVER be you. And oh, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I haven’t done that for months now, so spare me with your rubbish excuses. Screw you, Cas, really.“ He hung up, and his chest burned.
Later at night, Dean pulled him onto his chest, tousling his hair, kissing his temple once in a while. Castiel had entangled his legs with Dean’s, feeling utterly content.
By now, he had reached a park he had never seen before. It was small, but somehow drew him. He walked on, seeing the trees and meadows shining in the light of the lanterns.
Her lips curled. "You’re cool. Anyone else wouldn’t have even let me finish and shipped me off to the doctor right away.“ She gasped and hugged herself.
For other people, their talks must seem boring and very dry since they were discussing so many details about themes, language and plot. Still, for Castiel this was an excellent conversation. And he felt honored they were becoming friends.
Ya know, I always do my thing. I work so much, try to distract me, read, always read because I don’t want the thoughts catching up on me. They mustn’t come. It’s the rule. I’m always this I’m-fine-guy. You know those people? Yeah, I kinda invented this role.
He was so angry at himself, and he felt pure desire when he looked at Cas, and yes, he also felt something entirely different, something deep, meaningful. He didn’t know the feeling from his own experience, "the“ with capital letters, but he understood what it meant, by now. And he wanted Cas, he wanted him so much that he would’ve taken the Mark again if that meant he could have Cas.
"Yeah. That’s great. But there’ll be many other occasions to visit you in your apartment in the future. Probably. Yeah.“ Dean coughed and fidgeted with his hands. "I’m gonna wait here. The car and the music keep me company for the time being.“ Dean winked and had that mischievous expression on his face again.
"You still haven’t told me what your idea behind the road trip is,“ Cas said as soon as the waitress had moved away again.
Um, he’s suffering from a heart disease (with some other things). Apparently, he developed it years ago, but it was never discovered or seen as such.
He was always gone, always. At least, that’s what it felt like. So I had to look after Sammy when mom had to work.
Dean had to look away, because he felt so frigging much. But this wasn’t about him, this was about Sam and Cas.
When Cas wakes up, Dean is not on the couch anymore. He hears the flow of water from the bathroom; Dean must be brushing his teeth. Cas looks around the room, and his eyes land on the Marlboro box Dean has left on the side table of the motel room. He picks it up, goes over to the cabinet where he placed his work clothes, and puts the pack in the back pocket of his jeans.
And it is you. You feel it like an instinct, that jacket is the thing that tethers you to this realm. The man holds it in his hands for a while, staring at it for a bit, and you catch a glimpse of a red handprint on one of the sleeves.
Cas must know then. Surely he must know. Dean hasn't said it, not even in prayer, not even to himself. But surely, Cas must have felt it, in the way Dean begged for him to come back. Surely he must know.
Dean knew he was being a coward, had gathered that he has been hurting Cas by leaving him hanging like this, but he didn't know how to stop. Or more accurately, how to start. So it only makes sense that it was Cas who finally knocked on his door, that it was Cas who asked to be let in, who sat gingerly on the edge of Dean’s bed, who said
“I threw them all out,” Sam says the next morning. “It’s okay, it’s just one slip up. You’ll get through it.”
Finally, Cas opens his eyes in defeat. “I can’t heal you. My grace, it must be fully depleted now.” Cas looks up, face all forlorn, and Dean would rather prefer the frustrated, irritated look over this. “I’m sorry.”
Dean moves away from Cas the moment they both finish. He’s being silent, and not the comfortable kind. Cas is lying down on his side on the bed. Dean leans over to his bag, shuffles around for a bit.
A gentle hand passes over his left ribs, the side that got bruised up in the ghost hunt they did back in Omaha, just him and Cas. Sam stayed back at the bunker to play chief for all the hunters currently passing by. The bunker has become a stopover and lore/ammo center of sorts, with Sam and Eileen acting as heads for the whole operation. It was efficient, which is why Dean and Cas didn’t need to leave and deal with a hunt until now.
“So, we moving out or what?” Dean is feeling cheeky again, and it shows. He nudges Cas’ head with his chin. He hears Cas chuckle a little bit.
Cas leans forward, and so does Dean, and suddenly they are kissing. It’s been four months already since Cas came back on the empty, four months since Dean kissed him for the first time, four months of a relationship Dean always just thought to dream about, but it has never been like this. Not this aggressive. Cas is angry, and it shows; Dean feels his knees weaken against the backdrop of the wall.
Sam catches him on the floor of the storage room. Dean didn’t even attempt to get himself a glass. He expects Sam to shout, turn around, give up on him. Fuck knows it’s what he deserves. Instead, Sam hauls him off his ass and carries him to his room. Dean hasn’t been this drunk in a while. It’s a comforting feeling. He hates it.
Filling up the first page is more of a challenge than he thought it would be. He has no idea what to write. Writing about his day seems so stupid, a giant waste of beautiful paper. The more he thinks about it, the more the idea escapes him. He gives up, closes the notebook, sets it aside on his desk.
“I don’t know. I was afraid it wouldn't work. I don’t know what I would have done if it didn’t.” You’re glad he wouldn’t have to know.
Dean wants to say something. He wants to comfort Cas. He wants to ask him what he meant when he said he loved Dean. He wants to have their knees knock against each other’s as Dean leans forward and kisses him.
Dean gulps. A shiver hits him, a coldness in his bones as his body anticipates the next few words out of Sam’s mouth.
You raise your hands to your face to look at it. It’s there. You look down at yourself, and you see that you are wearing a trenchcoat. Familiar, though baggy. You truly are here. You hold your face in your hands. You are here.
He also knows that Dean never smoked in front of other people, always deeming it a private, personal act, in a way that Cas thinks Dean isn’t even aware of. Except, of course, after a one night stand, of which Dean has had plenty, where he would smoke to signify the end of the affair. Is this what Dean is doing now? Subconsciously telling Cas that this is over, this is never gonna happen again, that this is a one night stand and that’s it?
The certainty gave Dean a feeling of comfort. They have time now, after all. Cas is here, Dean is here, and there is no apocalypse to gear for, no big bad to try and fight. It's just them, and they have all the time in the world.
“You can call me again. If you would like.” Cas says, seemingly offhand. It’s an olive branch, an extended hand, and Dean is willing to take whatever he can get.
This particular ghost was ferocious, at around 200 years old, it was one of the stronger ones they have encountered. Apparently time spent as a ghost has an effect on the strength of one. A lifetime of hunting, and still so many new lore to learn.
“You only said those things because I was dead.” Cas says, defeat in his voice. “And you’re only here in my door right now because I left.” Dean just stands there and takes it. Cas continues, “I'm human now, Dean. I can't hear you anymore. There is only so much silence you can give me before I get the message.”
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Cas sounds furious, even in the low whisper he is speaking in. Dean’s breath breaks; the slam against the wall is particularly harsh on his bruised ribs.
He stands up from where he is bent over and turns towards where you are. His stare lingers for a bit before he starts putting away the tools he has been using to their storage places. He comes back later to the kitchen, beer in hand. He stands still, and you just know he has glimpsed you again. You know because he calls someone on the phone, and you are the topic of the conversation.
"The empty… it kept me awake while I was in there." Cas breaks the silence. It takes Dean a few seconds to reel himself in, to listen to what Cas has to say.
“Well, too bad I’m the one doing the asking.” Dean insists, and he feels a slight rise of defensiveness in his chest.
They focus back on the things that they're doing, Eileen on her journal and Dean on the book about kitsunes that he’s reviewing. It’s been almost a year since Eileen moved in, and having her around is a pleasure. She’s funny, she’s smart, and she gets shit done. Dean thinks Sam is lucky to have her around.
“No. No. Because you said you heard my prayers, my- my longing. You know. So why did you leave?” Dean asks, again, and in his head the question sounds fiercer, angrier, but he knows he’s speaking in whispers now. Even he is surprised.
There is an awkwardness to this situation, of course. You don’t know this man. You are stuck in his room, and he can’t even see you. He cries and cries and cries on his bed. You settle on the side of the room until his sobs quiet down and he falls asleep.
But he doesn’t say it. He’s just tired. Maybe he has already asked for too much just by being here. Maybe Dean hates him, after all.
The moment the knob clicks, Cas is all over Dean’s space, pushing the hunter against the blank concrete wall beside the door.
Dean finds himself buying a beautiful leather journal in a quaint little shop in Lawrence. It's refillable, and the pages are thick, heavy. He can definitely consider it a splurge buy. Looks fucking beautiful though.
It was a long drive back. Quiet. Sam calls everyone they know on the phone while Dean drives through the states. Sam calls Eileen first, then the girls in Sioux Falls, then Charlie, and Bobby, and all the other people in the hunter commune they have built throughout the years.
"I called you. It was… this guy who answered the phone." Dean keeps it vague, gauging from Cas’ reaction who said guy might be, if Dean’s suspicions are correct that Cas has found himself a new lover in the few months he’s been away.
“No, that’s not what I mean.” Cas’ voice is soft, gentle, a sharp contrast to his tense body pressed up beside Dean. Dean feels like a child being spoken to. “Are you going to be fine without him?”
Cas sleeping is something Dean is still getting used to. It's only been a few months since Cas showed up back in the bunker after the whole mess with Chuck losing his powers and Jack becoming God. It was a long drive back home, punctuated with a
“You take the bed, I’ll sleep on the couch,” Dean says. He doesn’t even make an attempt to turn around. Cas swallows and blurts out an
The truth is you’ve been sensing a lot from the man for a while now. You first saw him after you manifested in his concrete room one day. Manifested is perhaps the right term, or maybe not. What do you call popping into existence from nothingness anyway? Perhaps it was during the morning, or the afternoon, but you won’t know, there are no windows in this room. You spend the first few moments of being trying to get a glimpse of yourself, and you shortly discover that you are disembodied, and this bothers you, in a way, for there is an itch in yourself that seems to desire a body. You figure you had a body in your past life, but you don’t remember for sure. You try to remember anything else, and you find you don’t remember anything at all. You settle with being a ghost, somehow, and you settle with being a ghost who doesn’t remember their life. Maybe all ghosts don’t remember their life. You’re not sure, you haven’t met another ghost since.
It was Sam who ran down the stairs to hug Cas. It was Sam who caught him up with the events regarding Chuck. It was Sam who explained why Jack wasn’t with them, and the one who held Cas’ shoulder in comfort. And it was Sam who asked how Cas got out of the empty in the first place.
The door swings open, and suddenly Cas is in front of him, and Dean realizes that for the first time since Cas stepped into the bunker since that eventful day months ago when Cas came back from the empty, they are looking at each other. Dean’s breathing stops in its tracks. Cas is here, he thinks, Cas is here. Cas is here. The relief of it all crashes into him, and he forgets what he is going to say, exchanging thought for instinct as he throws himself towards Cas in the hug of his lifetime.
After unpacking all of the items and tossing some of the contents of the jars into a large silver bowl, he settles down in his bed and calls out to you.
Dean can just go out and drive himself to a bar and get hammered there. He knows this. Sam knows this. But Sam looks at Dean like he trusts him, and it makes Dean’s heart ache.
“I am not holding anything against you.” Cas rebutts. “You weren’t talking to me. You weren’t even looking at me. I lost Jack, I lost my grace, and apparently I was going to lose you too. So I left, before you inevitably ask me to.”
He was two and a half months sober when Sam texted him a string of digits that made him immediately start shaking. It’s weird. He’s been experiencing shaky hands and more anxiety than usual ever since he withdrew from the alcohol, but this shaking is different. It comes from his bones, a chill that makes his teeth chatter.
Dean gives a slight chuckle. “It’s a hunt. Of course I’ll get hurt. And you do know I don’t keep you around to heal me, right?” Cas still isn’t looking at him, so he gives his hand a slight tug. “Right?” Dean asks again. This time, Cas sneaks up a glance at him, but looks down right away.
Which is why, one would think, Cas being the first thing Dean sees the moment he opens the bunker lights should be a delightful experience. Dean, on the entrance ledge, looking over to Cas, who is staring at him, agape.
You look at him. It’s odd. You can sense something from the man. It feels a lot like what you’re feeling, too.
He remembers when Dean showed up at his job, the way his heart skipped a beat, seeing Dean smiling fondly at him as if the past couple of months didn’t just happen, as if their last interaction was in any means pleasant. He remembers the not-date, the Rit Zien, the car ride back to the motel when Dean realized that he was sleeping at the Gas-and-Sip and invited him over to stay the night. He remembers refusing, and Dean driving them to the motel anyway.
Dean’s hand crawls underneath Cas’ shirt, It feels scorching hot on Cas’ skin, and he lets Dean’s hand linger on his chest. He wants. He wants so bad he might cry. He feels his breath hitch on his throat, and for a second he’s afraid he might sob just like this, right into Dean’s mouth, but Dean shifts on his lap, and suddenly, his breath was hitching for a different reason.
The real odd stuff occurred, though, after he woke up, and started talking inside your head. You couldn’t believe it at first, moving in front of the man to check whether he is just speaking loudly, but one look at him shows that his lips aren’t moving. He looks like he’s deep in thought, except his thoughts are being broadcasted directly into your being.
The question makes Cas look away. Dean follows his eyes, forces Cas to look at him, but Cas won’t budge. “Yes.” Cas responds. “You were hurt. I couldn’t do anything about it.”
“I love you,” he would say, and you feel that love full force. “I miss you,” he would say, and you would feel that longing in all of your being. You find you have these feelings too, this love and this yearning, but you don’t know what towards. You look at the man and sometimes you ache so hard you think it’s for him, but that seems impossible. You don’t know him. He is the only other being around you, that’s all.
Cas looks surprised at this. He probably wasn’t expecting Dean to want to talk about this. Not like Dean could blame him. Maybe that’s why all of this has been so easy, after all. Not because it truly is easy, but because they refuse to have the difficult conversations.
Dean’s face heats up at that remark. He steals a glance at Cas and finds Cas looking intently at him, which only makes Dean blush even harder. Damn it, he feels like a schoolgirl with a crush over here.
Dean hasn’t let go of Cas’ hand, hasn’t moved away at all. He looks up at Cas instead, and Cas realizes that they are impossibly close. Dean’s eyes flicker down to Cas’ lips, and Cas’ heart starts beating out of his chest.
Cas doesn’t reply, just snorts a little bit. He adjusts on his seat and moves closer to Dean. As soon as he lay his head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean starts smiling uncontrollably. When he looks down on Cas, he finds the man looking up at him, all soft eyes and cheeky smile.
Cas can’t bear it. He wants to speak to Dean, or at least see his face. But if Cas learned one thing from being God, of all things, it’s that restraint is of import. Just because you want something does not mean you can have it. He tells himself that he needs to remember that.
Dean gives him a little wave, and Cas knows he is dismissed. He moves off into the store. For once, he doesn’t look back.
“You were there for two weeks!” Dean’s voice rises, he can’t help it. His finger is pushing furiously against Cas’ chest. Cas stands stoic.
and he sure as hell didn’t want those. No, he wanted to black out. He wanted to shut off his stupid brain that wouldn’t stop replaying this goddam horror show. Cas striding toward Lucifer. Sam pulling Dean through the portal. The terror he’d felt at leaving without him. The relief when he saw his familiar figure reappear. And then eyes and mouth burning with light. The scorched wing imprints on the ground. The way he’d
“Shh,” Dean reassured him, hooking his thumbs into his own boxers and pulling them down.  “Wanna feel you, Cas.  All of you.” Cas nodded, slipping off his own, his thick, hard cock bobbing slightly as he freed it.  Dean held out his hand and reached his other hand around the back of Cas’s head, tightening his fingers into Cas’s thick hair, and pulling him forward.
“STOP!” Now Dean thinks he must be dying because that’s his voice and it can’t be because he is gone. He is gone and he lost his chance and now this entity is either going to kill him or throw him back to earth to live that horrible dull ache of a life he’s been living for the past few months.
Jack could feel the confusion and fear coming from Sam and suddenly he thought to himself.  This is how people will always see me.  This is what I am.  A monster.  Evil.
“Hello?” he called out again, louder this time.  The flicker began to grow steadily into a flame that raced down his bones.  “Hello? Hello?”  Behind him, a ripple pulsed across the inky darkness.  Castiel didn’t notice the ripple, nor did he see when the ripple pulsed again, stronger this time and a shape like an arm rose out of it.  The pool of darkness continued to pulse and writhe as it rose up, slowly forming a humanoid body.  The creature turned its faceless visage toward the angel.  Cas felt a chill go down his spine and spread across the bones of his hidden wings.  Suddenly, he was certain he was no longer alone.
“Good.  C’mon.” Sam reached a large hand out to Jack and pulled him to his feet. He flashed a sympathetic smile.
Watching the blush that spread over Dean’s chest and face, Cas thought he’d never seen anything so beautiful as this man, kneeling over him.  He swept his hands over Dean’s chest softly, pausing to touch a freckle here and there reverently.
Then without warning, Dean sat bolt upright panting, eyes wide and streaming.  Sam sat back on his heels and let the flood of relief wash over him.
“What the fuck do you want?” The words were slurred and angry and Dean’s terrifyingly cold eyes reminded Jack of their last bathroom conversation.
“Well it was beautiful.” She reached across the center console and squeezed his arm. “How much of that does Dean know?” Cas bit his lip and looked out the window.
Sam nods and there’s a firming of his jaw that Dean knows means he’s starting to plan. He sighs. He knows he can’t stop him but he can’t help either. He’s tried. He’s looked through the books and the internet and the archives and there’s nothing. But he’ll let Sam try just like hel let him believe that he’s tried praying to Cas. He hasn’t. He knows it’s futile because the last time Cas was in the Empty he prayed to him for hours, days, weeks and nothing. And now he can’t bear to go through that again. He knows now. He’s lost his chance. He nods goodbye to Sam as he marches out of the room pulled tall with purpose. Dean rolls over and goes back to sleep. He doesn’t pray to Cas.
“Sam,” Jack looked curiously at the tall, flannel clad figure in front of him.  “Why are you being so nice to me?”
Jody asked him no questions the nest morning.  Just silently tossed her duffle into the back seat of the Impala and settled herself in the front.  Dean looked levelly at her.
Dean obliges. They stand in the field wrapped in each other’s arms, mouths pressed together for what seems like an eternity. Or maybe just the beginning of one. Dean breathes a laugh against Cas’s lips.
“Thanks, Jody.” He dropped his eyes to Baby’s dash, noting that they’d need to stop for gas before heading to James and Patience.
“Where you headed, Constantine?” she quipped.  Cas was slightly taken aback and gaped at her for a moment before regaining his power of speech.
Sam continued talking but now Dean was picturing Missouri, herself.  That knowing smile of hers. He couldn’t help smile a bit himself thinking of how she’d threatened him with a wooden spoon if he put his feet on her table.  But now Sam was saying something about putting Jody on the case so they could stay and help the kid. Fucking fantastic.  Brilliant goddam plan Sam.  Let’s lose some more people we care about because of this little shit.  He shook his head as Sam insisted Jody could handle Missouri’s case.
Thanks to everyone who read this, my very first fan fiction ever, unless you count the weird nonsense I filled my adolescent journal with as a twelve year old.  Much credit to Andrew Dabb, Eugenie Ross-Leming, Brad Buckner, Robert Berens, Meredith Glynn, and Steve Yockey since I used a bunch of their dialogue in this story.
Why did he have to be the one to carry them? He wanted to hole up in his room and drink and listen to angry, angst filled music and slam doors and bite everyone’s head off, too.  He wanted Dean to console him like he had when they were young and Dad had been late coming home from a hunt.  He wanted Dean’s swagger and bravado and cocksure smart asserey.  Sam folded his arms on the table and dropped his head into them.  Losing their mom and Cas had broken them both and he was beginning to wonder if they’d ever come back from it.  Sam rested there, with his head pillowed on his arms, his face buried in his flannel sleeves and took several long, shuddering breaths.   Then he raised his head, wiped his eyes and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
“Fake it.” Jody’s voice was grim but resolute and Sam could feel the tendrils of panic begin to loosen slightly.
“Lebanon, Kansas,” he replied.  “But I’m sorry, I think you have me confused with someone else.  My name isn’t Constantine.”
“Dean.”  He shook Dean’s body by the shoulder.  “Hey, Dean! No, no, no, no, no. Dean!” He banged on his chest, calling his name over and over again, pleading with him to wake up.  He felt himself choking on his fear and desperation as he began to pray to every deity or supernatural power he could think of.
.  Dean, wounded, his beloved face twisted in pain. Dean dying, the life draining from his beautiful eyes. Castiel’s heart was pounding.  And the entity was still talking, still demanding answers.
The girl threw her head back and pealed with laughter.  Cas had a sudden flash of memory. When he laughed, Dean often threw his head back the same way.  He closed his eyes and pictured him.  The way he would wrap an arm around his waist and double over, the little lines that crinkled his eyes into stars.  Cas felt a stab of longing so intense he nearly gasped aloud. When he opened his eyes, the girl was looking at him curiously.
“Dean?” Jody was looking at him with a peculiar expression on her face.  He shook himself out of his reverie and responded.
“I’m fine.” He strode toward the glass doors, waving at them in irritated frustration to see if they were automatic before jerking them open and stomping over to the front desk. Sam followed trying desperately to explain, but Dean was done listening.
Sam listens in horror and sorrow as Dean tells him everything, everything, every last detail. And when Dean is finished he looks at his brother with his face full of broken despair and Sam pulls him into his arms just as the first sob wrenches it’s way from his chest. He gasps and shakes and his brother holds him through the entire onslaught, a stalwart buttress as always. Eventually Dean runs dry and Sam turns him loose and asks the question Dean knows is coming and dreads.
“Really,” Sam answered.  “What do you say we call it?  At least until I figure out a better way.  How does that sound?”
The night was interminable.  Dean couldn’t sleep no matter how much whiskey he downed.  Unwelcome memories swirled around him and just as soon as he was able to tamp one down, another would break free and rise up, clutching him by the throat. Most of them were just images.  Cas walking into the barn years ago, all sparks and wind and flyaway black hair.  Cas tilting his head because he didn’t understand the boys’ pop culture references. Cas choking out a goodbye speech after Ramiel stabbed him with Michael’s lance.  Ah, that last one.  Dean tipped the last of the whiskey into his plastic motel cup.  Throwing his head back, he downed the cup in seconds.  He looked at the empty bottle for a moment before hurling as hard as he could against the wall.  Then he fell, face first onto the bed, burying his face in the pillow, screaming with rage and sorrow and desperation. He screamed until he had no breath left and then fell into a deep, blessedly dreamless sleep.
"Dammit. You really want to make this a chick flick moment, huh?“ Dean groaned loudly again and shut his mouth. He remained silent.
Dean made an apologetic gesture towards Cas because he felt very embarrassed. It would be good if he gained distance from this scene, he should let the family have their privacy. While he was still debating how to get up from the abandoned chairs unnoticed and leave as quickly as possible, he noticed Cas right next to him. He motioned for him to come along, and okay, now that was a little weird.
Dean shook his head in disbelief and laughed. "Thanks for the invitation, I’ll consider it. My best friend will definitely come, though, that’s for sure. And no, that’s not what I meant. I always look at a person’s car and try to figure out their profession. Normally, I’m rather good at it. Figured, you were a lawyer, but now – I dunno, I just failed. That’s disappointing.“ That was an understatement. He hated this fact.
It was insane that Cas could portray these emotions and associations so perfectly. So precise and stirring, as if Dean had written them himself. This statement and the fact that Cas was the author of his damn favorite romance was on Dean’s mind all the time, at least it was always, always in the back of his mind.
What was he supposed to do? He wasn’t good at comforting others, normally he excelled in making everything worse. He reached for Cas‘ back. Then he wrapped his arms around him and pulled him onto his lap, ignoring Cas‘ quiet protest.
"Of course. You’re a good kid, Dean. Your brother knows that deep down. And the appointment still stands, that is all that matters, in the end.“
The concert was wonderful. At times Dean sat on the edge of his seat, just jiggling on it because the rhythm was taking him in so much. Then again, he leaned back against the chair, closed his eyes and just listened to the sounds and how they soaked into his soul. He thought of Cas’s new book, thought of how he had described the piano scene between Luca and Hugh, and yes, that’s kind of how the magic described there must have felt.
I have to build some kind of life for me. That doesn’t mean I’m not there for you. I will always have your back, and I’ll always look out for you. I just have to look out for myself as well.“
Castiel furrowed his brow and looked questioningly at Dean. The other sighed, apparently trying to suppress a laugh, and quickly approached him.
"What do you mean "no”? I’m your brother, you’re not supposed to keep secrets from me.“ With that he shot Sam an angry look, but Sam was unaffected, he didn’t even look up from his phone.
→ I also enjoy this John Mayer live version a lot, it’s beautiful, but it’s more for the quiet hours, not for the club scene I had in mind for this fic :) (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20Ov0cDPZy8)
He closed his eyes, listening to both of their breathing, which by now had formed a harmonious duet. He listened to the wind blowing around them. Subliminally, he smelled the forest floor, smelled earth, but most of all, he smelled Dean. All of Dean.
Before Dean could react to that, Cas’ lips held a faint smile which got broader by the second, and wasn’t that a sight Dean would never get tired of. His eyes sparkled and he looked genuinely happy. Dean needed to remember this expression because seeing Cas smile was so much better than throwing any false accusations at his friend. Hurting him even. He hoped on Wednesday they’d finally watch
"She went off, just to the grocery store around the corner. A few minutes away. Before that, she tucked me in and kissed me on the forehead. I was restless and thirsty. Just the night before, I had watched mom make tea.“
In the end, Dean looked at Cas because his angel always grounded him, always, and it actually helped. He raised his arms in the air, before lowering them again. Meanwhile, Cas scrutinized him like he was the most exciting person in the whole damn universe. It was so much.
Apparently they had already systematically walked the roof, analyzing how much work was ahead of them. Dean was glad that Bobby was there, since he had learned roofing professionally, at least in his first apprenticeship.
"Don’t be alarmed, I’m going to lift you up now.“ With that, he reached under her thighs, and she automatically put her arms around his neck, hiding her head there.
They went back to their rooms, walking next to each other. When they reached the corridor, Dean lingered in front of his door for a moment. He wanted to thank Cas, he wanted Cas with him, but he couldn’t ask him that, could he? It would be weird. But after this outburst earlier? Dean shouldn’t be embarrassed anymore. So he just asked.
Then, after an hour or so, Cas hesitated for a second, and Dean knew he was about to say something he wouldn’t like. “I have to leave soon, but I will return to you by Wednesday.“
Castiel chuckled as he remembered their dances in Gabriel’s club and the bar. "Certainly, it was a different kind of dancing there. Line-dancing was practically required. Other than that the moves were often very chaotic and wild and emotion-driven. I enjoyed it although I felt a bit lost at first. These days belong to my favorite memories. But- I presume it’s not wise to dwell in the past too much and to stay so nostalgic.“
The story started in heaven, of course, with a brief introduction of the living situation. Mr. Adork lived on a cloud, in a small cottage with a fireplace. Castiel saw that the living room had also been drawn - with an old television, a leather armchair, and a music system from which notes rose into the air.
Hell, Sam was on their father’s side at the moment. Dean did not condemn Sam for staying in contact with their father. There had always been a close bond between the two, despite, or perhaps because of, how often they fell out.
He massaged his temples, because this wasn’t the way their first meeting after three weeks was supposed to go. He wanted to yell at Cas, tell him he would feel better if Cas didn’t make himself scarce all the time. Instead, he bit his tongue and rubbed his nose. "I’m sorry, alright? I’m glad you’re here.” And with that they fell into more easygoing conversations. Dean felt calm and peaceful, caught himself grinning like a Cheshire cat.
Cas was still motionless, really not prepared for this. "I ain’t kidding. Take the clothes off, Cas.“ At the same time he gave Cas a new pair of trousers (dark gray) and a thick jacket.
Here comes chapter 8! :) Have I mentioned Dean can be a dumbass (affectionate) from time to time? No? Well. Let’s have more chaotic energy, right? :D
Meanwhile, Dean was tearing open the kitchen cabinets, pulling out cocoa and cups. In deepest concentration, he poured milk into the pot.
Nevertheless, at that moment he did not feel as helpless and at the mercy of the other as he usually did; instead, pure defiance rose in him.
As he slowly woke up the next morning, he felt Dean’s breath on his neck. Dean’s arms were enclosing his upper body, and after a small movement on his part, he instinctively pulled Castiel closer to him. Although it was unusual for him to wake up so close to another person and not alone, he felt immensely comfortable.
Cautiously, he glanced to the side. Judging by Cas’s facial expression, he was pleased with this choice. Shortly after, the other told him how he had attended a congress in the city a few months ago and had immediately taken a liking to the architecture. With much enthusiasm, Cas described to him how much he had enjoyed exploring the city on foot in his free hours, immersing himself in the maritime atmosphere as well. The longer Cas talked, the more Dean found he just couldn’t get enough of his tales.
"Well. That wasn’t the plan,“ Dean said, who was still staring at him with so much adoration. "I didn’t wanna make you cry, sweetheart.“ Sweetheart. It was all true. It was not a dream.
Cas shrugged and smiled at him. That adorable dork. Dean was so smitten with him, it was unreal. "I’m aware.“
The next day began as the last one had ended. Full of bliss. As soon as Dean woke up, he noticed the wonderful warmth. A pleasant pressure prevented him from moving his upper body. It was as if he was in a cocoon. The back of his neck tickled as the recurring breaths hit his skin. His upper body fit naturally into the strange-familiar arms like they were pieces of a human puzzle. Right. He was lying here with his Angel. Not that he had forgotten, but recalling that fact over and over caused happiness in his body and mind.
After he’d freed Cas and worriedly cradled his face for wounds (which were not too deep), Cas smiled at him. He was okay. He was his badass angel, and he was strong, couldn’t be drubbed so easily. Dean heaved a sigh of relief.
Emmie showed them some impressive trees, all tall and lush green. They carried the significant scent around them, and the branches looked healthy and strong. Perfect for decorations and ornaments.
Smoke. Sammy collapsing before his eyes. Change of scene. His father, screaming and so angry. New scene. Sammy again, this time hanging on the ventilator. Change of scene. Then the doctor, who told them he was no longer in danger of dying. Smoke. Change of scene. The doctor’s voice, just scraps of words. The damage is irreparable. It could have been prevented.
Faced with this strange statement, Dean snorted as he stifled a laugh. "I just needed some time off.“
His integration into social life would be practically non-existent. Lonely and silent like a hermit, forgotten and abandoned in the middle of nowhere, until he would go mad with loneliness.
"I take note of it,“ Castiel finally replied as uninvolved as possible, and turned his attention back to his book.
"Angel,“ he murmured between kisses while he sensed Cas’s breath vibrating against his skin. Subliminally, he felt Cas’s hands wandering over his back and his ass. Cas pressed closer into him, and his body felt so natural against his own that his belly was soon turning into a bonfire.
Castiel laughed at this remark which was so Dean. "Maybe your mistake was to always get back to this topic. It can be good for resolving things but in this case – her past with the ex, the drugs, the accident. Everything just triggers you and her. And maybe you should show her you see her as a grown woman now. Ya know what I mean? Jeez, I’m sorry. It’s none of my business. I just worry about you, Angel. You’ve been so close. And you deserve another chance. Why the hell not? Despite all the distance between you there could be a spark of hope left.“
From the attached text he learned that the Angelfish grew more beautiful with age. He loved this fact as it reminded him of two things.
Then he actually managed to keep two persons in the call which gave him some encouragement. Still. For some minutes he considered quitting this task. Angel would not know he didn’t make it. He could still send him whatever traits he would come up with.
"That’s- thank you,“ Dean replied. "I gotta tell you, man. This here-“ He awkwardly pointed back and forth between them.
"I contacted an old friend who I haven’t heard from in a while. She didn’t react the way I have hoped for.“ Castiel shrugged, once again feeling the past hovering over him. He felt the good mood of the day seep into the ground like a thick syrup. With its mass fighting to stay above, yet sinking.
Finally, it was Dean’s turn. He felt incredibly nauseous. All or nothing. This was the moment, now he would finally overcome his damn fears, would finally embrace happiness. First he gave Sam his first gift, new running shoes. Then Sam unwrapped the second, more personal gift.
Instead, he lay in an uncomfortable hotel bed, pondering whether he should write Dean a text saying he wouldn’t make it in time for their appointment. His upbringing dictated that he informed a friend of the circumstances; on the other hand, Dean had explained to him at the time that the trip was not a compulsion, but that he would either show up or not.
There was a life after the holiday season, after this phase in which he took more time off than ever before in his life. Soon his life would again consist only of hunting, of the job, and he was damned afraid that they would simply turn back the clock.
Furthermore, Cas had somehow managed to leave his surprise in the bunker: a mini fridge. This gift, the thought of Cas who had chosen it for him, made him feel nauseous. And so he was in Cas‘ room, the room he had furnished and decorated to make Cas more comfortable.
"Working here has always been a lot of fun for me. I’m grateful for this opportunity, and it makes me happy to be doing exactly what I’m good at. The students are inquisitive, and I’m happy for their engagement.“ Castiel sighed and stared for a moment at the bookshelf that was directly in his field of vision.
Castiel laughed and could no longer suppress the chuckles that followed. "You remind me of a friend,“ Castiel finally admitted, feeling a great deal of warmth as he thought of RambleOnIm67.
"Hey,“ Dean whispered. "Hey. I know, I know. It’s overwhelming. I’ve only known for sure since your recent message about "Sun-Kissed".“
Writing you, reading your answers – I can say quite frankly that this is also my current highlight. This is not even because everything is going badly, many things are developing far more positively than I would have expected, no, it’s just that the acquaintance with you is so extraordinary. Unique.
Maybe one of the reasons he provoked Cas so often was because Dean needed to have this one person in his life, who told him when he behaved like an asshole. Dean was such a twisted person, no wonder Cas was angry at him.
At last, Cas appeared in front of him – as always – and again, he laid on the floor in front of Dean. Dean punched him right in the face, again and again and again, and couldn’t stop. And Cas didn’t fight back, he didn’t fight back. He said something – what?
Castiel snorted. "You don’t say.“ Again, he had to laugh as the other continued to eye him, not lustfully, but inquiringly and curiously.
Again, the thought occurred to him that Dean basically always gave him a sense of belonging. The familiar smell of lemon balm and pine rose to his nose. He felt secure and couldn’t remember ever being so rested after sleeping. Castiel turned slightly, wanting to stretch his limbs away from him, but Dean only embraced him tighter.
The next song “Just Like Heaven“ by The Cure immediately got into his blood, and Dean laughed so freely, and laughed even more when he saw Cas’s adorable smile, and in those minutes he shoved the guilty conscience about his uplifted mood into a drawer way back in his head.
"That so?“ Dean approached him as fast as a cheetah, forcing Castiel to back up to the wall. Without warning, Dean placed his hands to the left and right of his head and stepped even closer. His eyes were blazing with rage and glued to Castiel’s lips. Castiel had never felt so nervous, his hands sweating. "Well, I have to fucking disagree. I’d say you’re not special.“
"Cas,“ he breathed. "Not now. I don’t know if I can control myself. You look too sinful with the new shirt, it’s so, so hot.“ He kissed his way down Cas’s neck, touching the fabric of the blue and white plaid shirt for an emphatically long time again. So handsome. Then he eyed Cas from top to bottom, admiringly, full of love, as if to give expression to his words once more.
"Glad you recognized me. I ain’t easy to forget, am I right?“ Dean rolled his eyes, but couldn’t suppress a grin.
As far as this part of his explanation was concerned, Castiel could identify with it to some extent. Not in the literal sense, since he didn’t fight real demons, but the everyday demons and bad things and behaviors of others. And yes, he tried to do good things.
"So next time, we’re gonna watch in my room. Pulp Fiction. Let’s say Saturday,“ Dean announced. There it was again, his confidence. He didn’t care if this sounded too obvious. He needed the closeness and possible togetherness with Cas. Cas didn’t answer, just continued staring at him.
Everything was just too much at this moment. He still couldn’t believe what was happening here. There was still a small, tiny possibility that he was dreaming. Dean huffed. Yeah. That was so damn likely.
Dean, however, was on pins and needles, seemingly unable to wait to speak on the subject. Castiel found this interesting. Although "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" in particular had become a pop culture classic and had been adapted as a movie, he had never seriously considered the novel series or the author.
In a matter of seconds, Dean wore a Christmas hat on his head. With a frigging bell and sparkling stars on top. And an ugly winking emoji face with a beard. Either Cas was trying to make fun of him, or he had a peculiar taste. Hanna and Sam laughed at him, and of course, Sam took the mandatory picture.
"Fuck, I’m such a mess, Cas. I know you’re gonna say that it doesn’t matter, and maybe it doesn’t matter to you. Which is awesome and means everything to me. Still. I have my phases, and my family is- horrible in most parts. And I’m so bad at opening up. I’m used to being the strong one, not the one that lets himself fall. Ya know?
"I found this accommodation on one of my long walks in nature and thought you might like it.“ Dean also looked up and discovered a clearly aged but still intact tree house. They climbed up a rope ladder and sat down on the ground. The tree house had a high roof, so Dean could even stand inside.
“Oh Castiel,” she said. “You idiot. Fuck Hastings. I’m taking you all the way to Lebanon and you’re gonna tell him everything.” Cas’s mouth dropped open in surprise as Nora pressed down hard on the gas and the car gave a creaking lurch before speeding, rattletrap down the highway towards, Lebanon, the bunker and the home of Castiel’s heart.
“Please?” Nora’s smile was infectious and Cas suddenly found himself telling her all about Dean. Not everything, of course, but a surprising amount, actually.  Before he quite knew what was happening, he was describing the exact shade of Dean’s green eyes and just how the freckles that dusted his nose and cheeks looked.  Their story spilled out of his mouth like water and Cas was shocked at how gratifying it felt to tell it.  How amazing it felt saying the words aloud.  Explaining how much he loved Dean and why.  Nora listened, enraptured, her eyes wide with delight, her mouth a perfect round O of exhilaration.  He talked and talked and told her almost everything. He left out the parts of the story he knew she wouldn’t believe, his species for one and his recent demise and Dean’s particular profession but when it came to his feelings for Dean, he held nothing back.  Maybe it was because she was a stranger, maybe because he was fairly certain that once the parted ways in Hastings, he’d never see her again, he didn’t know.  All he knew was that telling Nora was the most freeing thing he’d ever done and when he’d finally finished he felt lighter.  He felt the way he used to when he could stretch his wings wide and coast through the air.  He could almost feel the wind slide through his feathers. He sighed and Nora sighed at the same moment. They looked at each other and began to laugh.
“Except you know that won’t work or you would have done it already.” He raised his chin defiantly.  The creature seethed with rage.  And now Cas knew that no matter what else happened here, he would never give up.  He would demand that this cosmic entity, whatever it was, send him back.  He would fight forever if he had to.  He thought of home, of his friends, his family. He thought of Dean.  He’d known for a long time what Dean meant to him.  He knew that while he thought of all of the Winchesters as his family, his feelings for Sam and Mary were not the same as his feelings for Dean.  His feelings for Dean were not brotherly.  Even now, just thinking of him sent electricity racing along his nerves, filling his belly with fire.
Jack’s face lit up a bit at the mention of a mom.  He reached out and touched Sam’s sleeve hesitantly. Sam smiled at him again.
“Um, yeah, kind of,” he answered.  And then it all came pouring out.  The horror show “therapy” session, the conversation with Dean, the panic and resentment he felt about being asked to be the one to shoulder it all.
to him.  He’d given Jack the video of his mom and he’d given him a room and he when he spoke to Jack his words and voice were kind and soothing.  He was so different from his brother.  Dean terrified Jack.  He knew Dean considered him a monster. And Dean killed monsters.  He felt certain that if Dean had any idea how to kill him, Jack would have been salted and burned days ago. And what’s burned stays dead.  Thinking about Dean made Jack nervous and uncomfortable.  He tried again to focus on moving the pencil for Sam, but truthfully, he had no idea where to even start.  Staring at it didn’t seem to do anything.  He’d tried muttering “
Sam had known confronting Dean about what he’d said to Jack would probably lead to a fight.  He had sat up at the map table planning out what he was going to say to him, how he would plead Jack’s case. But he’d been unprepared for the pain he could hear in his brother’s voice as he shouted that Sam deserved to be saved but Jack didn’t.  It wasn’t until Dean mentioned Cas that a revelation began to dawn on Sam.  Perhaps they were not grieving the same person.  All this time, Sam’s grief had been focused on their mother and he had assumed Dean had felt the same way.  Not that he hadn’t felt the loss of Castiel. He had, of course.  Cas had been a good friend, their best friend and losing him had hurt terribly but in Sam’s mind it had been overshadowed by Mary’s plight.  He had mourned Cas in much the same way he had mourned Charlie.  But as Dean stood in front of him screaming, rage and pain and loss pouring off of him, a memory surfaced in Sam’s mind.  Cas, years ago, responding to Dean’s call in a millisecond, after Sam had spent months trying to contact him.
The questions and uncertainly swirled around in his mind until exhaustion overwhelmed him and he dropped slowly into a troubled sleep.
“Put him down” The entity lets Dean dangle for a minute before dropping him to the ground where he looks up to see Cas. Cas. Cas is standing there in his coat and tie, with his face murderous and squinty eyed and Dean wants to cry because he’s right there. He can’t stop himself from reaching for him but Cas takes no notice. He is fixated on the entity.
“It’s okay.  Shh.  I’m here now.  I’m okay,” he whispered reassuringly.  He pulled Dean Close, tucking his head against his bare shoulder and running his fingers through his hair lovingly.  He hummed along with the song again.
“I took it out of your pocket before I…” Dean couldn’t finish the sentence, unwillingly thinking back to the cabin where he’d wrapped Cas’s body in the sheer curtains and placed him on a funeral pyre. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly and clenched his hands into fists.  Tentatively, Cas ran his hand over Dean’s cheek and sighed in relief when the other man turned his face into his palm.  He caressed his freckled face softly.
Cas was only half listening as his creepy double explained how all angels and demons came here when they died.
“Like when we call somebody in the middle of the night because we’re sinking and need a life preserver?” Sam smiled and he could feel Jody’s answering smile all the way from Sioux Falls.
Dean swallows thickly, trying to decide what to do. The Entity’s taunts echo in his mind and confuse him and he’s lost and alone until he hears Meg’s whiskey voice say Cas’s name and he remembers how he always hated hearing her say it in life. That tiny spark of resentment rekindles the fire of hope in him and as the Meg-faced monster approaches him, he does the only thing he can think to do. He drops to his knees and prays.
“No, you’re right. You wouldn’t have found this. Because I invented it. With a little help from Rowena. And Michael.” Dean sits up on the bed, heart starting to pound wildly. Sam continues pulling out a glowing vial and twirling it in his fingers, “Here’s what we’re gonna do. This is some of Michael’s grace. You’re gonna take this and then you’re gonna pull that goddam stunt of yours one last time. We’re gonna stop your heart and hope the death plus grace is enough to fool the Empty into snatching you up.”
Dean kept his eyes down, afraid to look at Cas. Afraid to speak. Afraid. He leaned there, braced against his beloved car, mind churning, trying desperately to think of the words to make Cas understand.  For a moment, it seemed like the world had stopped spinning and time had frozen, as he and Cas stood feet from each other.  Dean moved first.  He watched in fascination and terror as his hand, his traitorous fucking hand, reached tremblingly toward Cas.  And then his fingers touched Cas’s face, light as air, barely skimming over his skin. Cas flinched. Dean looked at him, wild eyed and frightened. He started to jerk his hand back when Cas’s fingers closed sharply over his. They stared at each other for what seemed like forever.  Planets sprouted, grew and died, glaciers carved canyons through the earth all while Dean Winchester and Castiel stood motionless, breathless, fingers just touching.  This time it was Cas who broke the stillness.  He took a step towards Dean and then Dean was moving.  He shook his head once and grabbed Castiel by the lapel of his trench coat, and then his mouth was on Cas’s, his breath hot and urgent.  And, holy fucking shit, Cas was kissing him back. His lips were so soft and his mouth tasted like honey and oh, the smell of him, something like rain or wind, Dean wasn’t sure but it was all around him and he was breathing it in and it was Cas. He let go of the trench coat and slid his hands up through his thick black hair to rest on the back of his head.  With a sound like a sob, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, and backed him up until he was pressed against the door of the Impala.  Dean could feel the cold, hard slick surface of the Impala against his back, the solid heat of Cas’s body pressed against him, the rasp of Cas’s stubble on his face, Cas’s mouth pressed against his, soft and hot.  He gasped, overwhelmed by the ocean of sensation, and Cas took the opportunity to slide the tip of his tongue into Dean’s mouth. A bolt of electricity surged through Dean’s body and he bucked hard against Cas, his hips rolling instinctively.  Cas pulled back from the kiss, his blue eyes huge and dark.
“Dean Winchester. How did you get here? Let me guess you think you’re going to rescue your feathered boyfriend from my clutches, yes? You’ve got some kind of plaaan. But it won’t work and you can’t be here and awake because I just got bank to to sleep so it’s time for you to go Dean Winchester. You don’t belong here. Castiel is MINE.”
The ride back to the bunker was silent as the three of them, Dean and Sam and Cas sat stunned, watching the street lights flicker past the windows until they were pulling into the bunker’s underground garage. Sam and Dean hoisted their bags onto their shoulders and made their way into the bunker proper, Cas trailing behind, still silent.
“Thank you, Sam,” Jack said, his eyes trained on Sam’s face.  “for the video.  The message from my mom.  She was beautiful, wasn’t she? And kind.  I could tell how kind she was.  She… said she…loved me. I think she meant it.  Don’t you, Sam? I think she did love me, right?” Sam felt a surge of compassion for Jack.  He knew what it felt like to only have the idea that your mother loved you.  To not have any memory of her mothering you, kissing your scraped knees, cutting the crusts off your PB&J, carrying your sleepy self to bed and kissing you good night.  For a moment, Jack and Sam stood together in the kitchen, feeling the loss of their respective mothers, a silent tableau of the grief of motherless sons.  Then Sam gave himself a little shake and recovered.
“It was in my pocket when I… when Lucifer…” Cas found he couldn’t bring himself to actually speak his own death aloud.
“No,” Dean said, aloud. He wasn’t going to do this again.  He wasn’t going to break down every time he was alone.  He was going to keep it together, goddamit.  Even if it meant he never said his name again. Never pictured his blue eyes and the way they’d cut straight through him.  Never thought about how it felt in his stomach when he’d stood close. Dean could feel his heart begin to race and there was a buzzing in his head as he tried to force himself to stop picturing him.  Stop remembering him.  Stop.
Normally, he was the one who had to remember everything because other person always relied on his disciplined nature. While he didn’t mind it, he liked that Dean as also thinking things through beforehand. Against Castiel’s silent protest, Dean handed the receptionist his credit card and explained that she could charge the cost of the room directly.
"Fancy a little spontaneity?“ That had been Cas‘ first comment on the 14th of December. It had sounded so free, and honestly, Dean hadn’t expected to ever see Cas so relaxed. But it was such a good feeling he was responsible for this. In the morning they laid curled up in bed – shirtless – because Dean really enjoyed being skin to skin too much. Cas held him in his embrace, continuously stroking Dean. His fingers touched his chest, very lightly, yet with so much tenderness.
In the end, he took a picture and rolled up the pages, carefully tucked them away in the bottle, and took another picture.
Two hours passed, and they quietly went about their reading. Now and then, Castiel caught a glimpse of Dean, and each time he caught Dean’s gaze. Each time Dean looked away, not without his lips adorning that little half-smile that Castiel liked so much.
They talked about literature, as usual, and got to talking about dramas. And somehow they were already planning to attend a series of events in the spring, which included a performance of "Electra“.
“Give me just one more kiss,” Cas spoke his own thoughts out loud. Dean smiled broadly and kissed him feverishly. “One single kiss.” Dean kissed him once more. Cas sighed appreciatively. “Just one kiss.” Dean couldn’t believe how adorable Cas was. And how much he was attracted not only by his appearance, but mostly by his character. He kissed Cas another time. Cas hummed against his lips and said, “One kiss” with that deep voice of his that gave him goosebumps.
Although he had last read the work years ago, he quickly found his way back into the plot and better understood what it was about in the course of the two-hour meeting. In the end, it was decided to talk about the first-person narrator at the next meeting, which would again take place the upcoming week at 7 p.m.
He couldn’t help thinking about the strange notes that had been left in the books. Whoever had been up to his mischief here was very well-read. No one else would know where to look for the works, let alone select them so specifically.
Heading to the parking lot, they chatted about the past few days, with Dean seeming particularly interested in his trip to Europe. Castiel told him about a few appointments and readings he had had, and watched with some excitement how attentively Dean listened to him and how he eyed him.
And then he saw a kid with black hair in his mind, alone and without a person to confide in. A kid who didn’t have a real home and who had to be strong for his health’s sake. He felt the confusion, and the urge to impress his parents because they had at least given him shelter and something to eat.
They danced, tapping their feet on the floor to the beat of the music. And damn, Cas was good at it, and it was hot, yeah, kind of hot, how he was moving.
And so they went into the kitchen, cooking marinated chicken drumsticks together. Cas wore his cute apron which was too colorful, too childish and yet perfect. In the process, they distracted each other so much that their first attempt burned completely. Eventually, they did manage to get everything ready and keep the food warm in the oven. The bell rang on time and Dean called out "I’ll get it“, not without giving Cas a soft kiss first.
Cas, however, particularly enjoyed the swing ride that was almost 80 feet high. By now it was their fifth ride.
Castiel looked up, but didn’t answer him. The other man was very attractive, his only bad luck was that Castiel was not in a good mood today. He was still frustrated by the situation with RambleOnIm67.
Dean grinned at him afterwards, removing some crumbs from the corner of Cas‘ mouth. When he kissed him, he still tasted the icing on his tongue.
Finally, his brother intercepted him and engaged him in conversation, introducing him to all sorts of people to top it off. Small talk, his favorite pastime and ideal when people skills were as rusty as his. When, after two hours, he finally started looking for Dean again, he already knew that it was in vain.
Dean shook his head. It was so absurd how natural everything felt with Cas. They still talked the way they always had – and it was even more relaxed now. At the same time, Dean felt so close to him, closer than ever, and he really was so comfortable.
Castiel sighed and took a hearty swig from his Cuba libre. Meanwhile, a drunken man staggered by with three drinks right next to him - and what had to happen happened. Some liquid spilled over during his swaying gait and flew precisely in Castiel’s direction. His shirt was damp. At least it wasn’t sticking and there were no other noticeable stains.
Dean folded his arms in front of his chest, gripping the phone a bit tighter. "Well, he’s my weird guy, and I find this very funny, thank you very much,“ Dean deadpanned, immediately wincing at the "my“. Okay, now he just had to read the rest, it wasn’t like him to start something and not finishing it. Logically speaking, he just had to find out more. And so he did.
“No, you’re not,“ Dean shouted now, and some bystanders looked at him strangely. He hissed softly, and moved far enough away from the bar that he came to a stop on the street. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the neon sign of a club, which triggered something in him.
This guy, who was still damn attractive, who he’d already danced close with in a way he’d never danced with anyone, had damn well carried him. How did his days get more and more absurd?
Of course, in the dream Dean had looked for him and had found the location, but then he had been put under a spell. He couldn’t move, couldn’t speak and his mind screamed "Cas“ over and over. Cas sat in a chair, cuffs and ropes around his arms, middle and legs. The demon went in circles around him, cackling, and every few seconds he used an angel blade to cut in Cas‘ skin.
Still shaking his head and with a slight smile on his lips, Castiel went back to his seat. He read in the Metamorphoses for a while, but something was nagging at him. Curiosity, it was curiosity, he quickly realized. He wanted to know the contents, which is why he unfolded the piece of paper. It was a sheet from some kind of journal, hastily torn out, missing the upper left corner.
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.“ – Marcus Aurelius, Meditations.
Finally, Castiel looked at him mockingly, uttering the first statement that came to mind. "I wouldn’t have thought you were such a prude. Have you never seen a man in a form-fitting shirt before?“ His mood lifted a bit because he had rarely had such an absurd but amusing conversation.
"No worries, I won’t jump at ya, buddy. Unless ya ask me to.“ He had a lot of nerve. Didn’t he realize he wasn’t in the mood for socializing right now? "I just wanna empty my drink.“
He had only read the short passage of Angel’s message out loud. Maybe it had just been a figure of speech, the man trying to convince him he was capable of overcoming obstacles when his appearance fit the purpose.
Now he wanted to be brave. Gently, he took Dean’s face in his hands and rested his forehead against his. He felt his steady breath, felt it wash over his face like a sweet wave.
This was from Cicero’s De re publica, of course. Quickly, Castiel checked the database for the editions, and after that searched for almost half an hour for the right edition. Again, there was a folded paper in the book, with insightful comments on the work, philosophical questions. Castiel was inclined to reflect on these matters, but he also wanted to find more notes. He couldn’t stop this strange mission anymore.
"I see.“ Castiel smirked. Basically, his brother only meant well, yet Castiel didn’t really feel like having an affair. He had to be on the same wavelength with a man and be able to confide in him his deepest thoughts in order to get involved in a relationship. Only it didn’t come to that.
After a brief goodbye, Hanna suddenly hugged Dean. "Thanks for still not betraying me. I’ve been thinking about it, I really should get back. Maybe if I explain everything to my parents, they’ll understand me. Or who knows, maybe I’ll even muster up the courage to talk to Tom.“
And so he pulled himself out of his thoughts again, because at this moment he really didn’t want to lose himself in these fictional stories. He didn’t want to get lost at all, in the sense of feeling lost or sinking so much into helplessness and shame and sadness.
And yeah. Somehow that said it all. Dean’s body tingled again, thinking about Cas’s eyes, his expression, his voice, his touch.
“Oh man, what are they up to?“ First Benny insisted for weeks that there was no way they could skip this great friends‘ day, and then he disappeared before it even started.
Cas put his arm around Dean, and Dean sank into the touch because he was just so captivated by what was presented in front of his eyes.
Of course not. But I like this, the writing. I feel like we really have a profound connection, a bond, and I’d like to keep that going, wanna get to know you better than any other person out there.
One night, we went to a club, drank, danced a bit. Eventually, the guys found themselves a group of pretty (and hot) girls. I was about to hit on this cute woman standing by the speakers, but then, I didn’t. You see, there was this bartender who was apparently eyeing me since I had gotten into the place.
Dean looked up and met the ridiculous blue eyes. And he felt so damn much at that moment, he almost grabbed Mr. Blue Eyes and kissed him. But he didn’t do it because that was really just his stupid brain overloading him again.
And then Cas pressed his lips to his. It was a chaste of a kiss, the softest touch Dean had ever experienced, and yet more intense and overwhelming than every other damn thing he’d ever witnessed. He tasted Cas, so delicious, and he tasted salt again, but this time the taste cleansed him, liberated him of his guilt and the other bad stuff. He wanted to taste more salt, but in particular he wanted more Cas.
Dean nodded and explained the bunker’s room conditions to her. Meanwhile he gently pulled Cas with him, who hadn’t said a single word in the last minutes. Probably he was still adjusting to the whole ordeal – "chopping one of Daddy’s creations“.
He imagined him and Cas, naturally, and he pined for him so badly his breathing stopped for a moment. Though Dean had never been to the sea, he saw it extremely clear in his imagination. Then he listened to the song again, put it on repeat. He grabbed a pen and started writing.
"You sure?“ Dean asked because on the one hand he didn’t want to go hunting at the moment, but on the other hand he needed some distraction.
Then Dean pulled him into a hug. It was a different hug than usual. For one thing, it lasted longer, and for another, it was more physical. In fact, Dean stroked his back for a few seconds, letting his hand linger there longer than Castiel would have expected, until they finally broke away from each other again.
Then Cas moaned uncontrollably, and he whimpered, panted and made the softest, yet dirtiest sounds Dean had ever heard him make. And he felt Cas‘ arousal as well, and that definitely brought him to other spheres. Like the last cog needed to make the gear fully function. At his moment Dean was a 100 percent sure he could never get that aroused by another person in his life again.
