He doesn't get a house until Jody dies and bosses him into getting one.
Dean can hear a ringing in his ears and he is aware he is staring and that his breathing is elevated. At some point he feels Oli press at his leg, then he tugs him softly towards the direction of the house. But Dean doesn't budge. He can’t move. He can’t think. It’s so foggy.
“He thinks he helps them” she repeats thoughtfully. “You don't have anything else?”
He wouldn’t have said I love you and then take it from him.
“Ok, ok.” Sam sighs, “so, what do we do?”
“What?” he utters, blinking at her.
“Here it is” she says and motions for him to follow her in.
Irritation flares through him so fast making grit his teeth, along with unreasonable panic.
Dean knows he didn't mean to say the last part out loud and because he is an idiot, he scouts closer to him on the couch, but still keeping a respectable distance between them, and asks. “Of what?”
“Nah, I don’t think so. Besides we also have this,” he nods at the branch on the table.
Then Castiel moves, grinding his hips against Dean, against his own clothed erection and he loses his footing slightly, cursing softly. He grips the other man’s shoulder and tries to catch his breath.
“I am happy Sam. I want to see you, you know that. It’s just-” where the fuck are you going to stay. With him obviously, he knows the answer. He needs to-
Cas just nods and they go back to eating.
He sees him frown and belatedly realizes the use of the name, but before he can say anything Cas asks “How are you?”
“See?” Sam repeats mockingly, then more serious, “Dean, it’ll be fine”
Dean looks at him disbelievingly. “What?”
“Haha, very funny” he responds rolling his eyes. “I’ve been busy”
“Yes.”
“Sam was telling me you know a pastry chef,” is Castiel who speaks and Dean can’t help but return his gaze at him. Cause really it would be rude not to. “who might be willing to help”
“Ok, I’m here because of Castiel. He has been under a lot of stress lately, what with the wedding and all”
Castiel suddenly feels very alone. He touches the book that is open on the table and the paper feels harsh on his fingers. Gabriel and Crowley are right, he thinks bitterly, he really needs to meet more people.
“Nothing.” He mumbles in awe, eyes glazed.
At the words his face morphs into something Dean can’t name and as quickly as it comes it goes.
“You have a cat?” he manages to get out, eyes darting around the small hallway, not that there is anything to see, the walls are bare and there is just another door that's closed, further down the hallway, then the hallway stops and its an open space and on the other side the  hallway  continues and -
He opens his eyes and stares up at the ceiling frowning, he tries to remember when his fantasies turned into Cas, and how it was hard to think of the exact expression on his face, but now it is so different. Because now Dean knows Cas’ face. Knows his expressions, he knows just how he tilts his head on the side and frowns when he is confused or doesn't know something, or when he scrunches his nose at a greasy food Dean is probably eating or that small smile he gets when he eats that stupid yogurt that Dean still doesn't remember what’s in it or that melancholy that pools in his eyes sometimes and yes basically Dean is screwed.
She raises her eyebrows at him. “Wouldn't have somebody seen someone carrying a body?”
“She asked how I was” he remembers the way his heart stopped and how stressed he felt when he heard her voice, it had to be at least 2 years since the last time he talked with his mother. He thinks about how he cried after the barely one-minute call and how he felt yet again something break inside him.
Castiel for his part, just frowns like he is trying to recall who Becky is, and when he does his face clears, and then when he registers Dean’s words he looks at him amused with a glint in his eyes, that Dean doesn’t huff at, at least not loudly. Then he explains lightly, but Dean can catch just a hint of complacency in his voice.
He still breaths heavily when he reaches Baby. He needs to get a grip. He tightens his hands on the wheel, ignores the tightens in his lower stomach, and the one that is bordering to uncomfortable in his jeans, and drives home, coming to the conclusion that blue is a horrible cool colour.
When Billie Thani*, comes out of the office, Dean swallows and gets up. He has seen her before, her photograph is on her website, then he thought that there was something about her that he couldn't place, something eerie – he doesn't think it’s the right word exactly but it’s what first came to his mind -, still he chose her against all the others, even if she was on the more expensive side. Now, he thinks, she is intimidating, but there is something about her that has him relax, even if marginally.
“You said that if a door opens the Empty closes it.”
“Yeah,” he shouts, closing the box he was supposed to be sorting through and puts it with the others containing similar notes on Lamias. He catches Jack’s eyes for a moment before looking away. The kid is so earnest and open in his emotions that is for Dean, at times unbearable to look at.
“Coming right up.” He says, the smile not leaving his face and there is something else in his eyes, that Dean can’t tell what it is. “That will be 4.10, please”
He bolts up so fast his vision blackens. His breath comes out fast and loud and it's all he can hear for a while.
since 2012. Since purgatory"
When he steps in the apartment, he hears Sam’s and Kevin’s voices from the living room and he closes his eyes exhaling soundly through his mouth, his nape aches from the tension.
He sits on the bed heavily. Closes his eyes and breathes for a few seconds then opens them angrily when he hears a whisper of his name. He hates this.
Dean has done a lot of things, some bad, some good, some of which he regrets, some of which he doesn't, this though is not something he will ever do. He hates cheaters, he hates people who lead other people on, not that this is what is going on here, because he is pretty sure this is totally one-sided. He is just having coffee with Castiel, this cloudy Thursday morning two day before he gets married, because he can’t take it anymore with the wedding preparations and Kali is driving him insane (now he has name), and Gabriel is way more demanding than he ever thought and then muttered something about older brothers that Dean couldn't catch through the phone.
Sam asks if they can see the living room and Dean cringes more, inwardly this time, and she nods, gives a raspy
“Right” Dean says stiffly, not knowing what else to say. It angers him. People like that anger him.
He is closing five weeks now and he only has one thing to say, it is fucking hard, harder than uni even. He is so exhausted afterwards he just goes home and eats, sometimes not always, and sleeps. Sam is a little concerned because it is nine when he usually goes to bed those days, but Dean just tells him he had a lot to do, which is true, they’re just not talking about the same thing. He has yet to tell him. It’s not the judgement he is scared of or that Sam will get all emotional and pleased that Dean is dealing with things,
Novak nods at him, “That verse is said by Macbeth after learning his wife committed suicide,” He finally breaks eye contact with Dean, and the younger man released a breath. Novak points to the slide, that shows that verse and then changes it, “Faulkner entertains the idea that life is nothing but a shadow, which is a word repeated in the second part of the novel, the one told by Quentin’s point of view. I talked about the sections of the novel in the last lecture, so slides for that are there for those of you, who weren’t here or simply weren’t paying attention. The author views the modern man as someone who is imperfectly formed and cannot deal with the problems of the modern life. Basically, a shadow of what he really is.”
Cas doesn’t look at him, even when he settles next to him, an ever strong presence that calms Dean.
“Hey” he says simply. Castiel just stares at him, his eyes wide, mouth slightly parted.
He stays there for a long time, until Sam knocks on his door to ask him something that Dean can’t understand. He hears the words but can’t make out the meaning and he grunts in response. He manages to get up pull back the covers, before crawling under, closing the light and staying in the dark.
He sits in the reception again waiting for Sam, where Becky is talking with a woman, and again smiles when she sees him and greets him.
Dean nods in reply and walks out past, the smelly corridors and the man on the counter. He puts his hands in his pockets, because now it’s really cold and looks down as he walks, back towards his apartment.
“Ah, the eternal struggle of all students” she says with a shrug. “It gets better. You will get better the more you do it” she adds encouragingly.
When he exits Billie’s office that night, his cheeks are flushed and his whole body feels raw and heavy as he drags himself to Baby. He has a lot to think about, regarding himself and Sam and dad, and he doesn’t know how to fix half the things he needs to fix and it’s complicated but also it’s not. At least he knows what he needs to do until next Friday and he holds into that, and lets all the other jammed thoughts fade to the back of his mind. It’s a start, he tells himself and pushes through.
Novak pushes the book towards him and Dean takes half a step closer and now it digs a bit in his stomach, but he pays it no mind. He raises his hand and grips it, half of his palm on top of Novak’s, who takes an abrupt breath, almost inaudible. After a few seconds he removes his hand and Dean is the only one holding the book. He lets his hand fall to his side and as if it is his response, Novak takes an almost step towards Dean and now they are too close. Close enough that Dean can smells his cologne, something smoky and woody, heady. It intoxicates him and he gravitates towards him before he can stop himself. Then they are standing there just taking each other in.
“It’s how I started you know” he says because he can’t take the silence. He looks up at Cas eyes and something breaks in his chest, shatters in such small pieces that Dean can’t hold it. But something in Cas’ eyes makes him continue. “I was seventeen and dad hadn’t showed his face in almost three weeks, couldn't get a hold of him and I had given the last of the money we had left for that days’ room payment and all we had was an almost empty jar of peanut butter. And Sam was hungry and I hadn’t eaten in two days. I was at a gas station and there were two guys there and one of them was looking, you know. And I had seen others do it men, women, in different places, how bad could it be, so I-” he swallows, and breaths a humourless laugh “I just looked back and he approached me, and I gave him a blowjob for ten bucks.” He suddenly wants to reach forward and-
Good. Dean wouldn’t be able to take it, especially not with those intense blue eyes watching him like that. Whatever Castiel seems to think Dean is, he is wrong.
Castiel looks at him in doubt, concerned in the lines of his face.
By the time he is downtown it’s completely dark. He goes to the coffee shop, buys a cup of coffee and stays there until he is ready to go to the
“I’m sorry, what?” He is a little alarmed now.
“Yeah ok”
He rolls his eyes at her, but she ignores him.
Saturdays are Dean’s lazy days. He spends the day in the park or whatever other place he finds interesting, or there is a free event in. In the evening, he watches a movie, no matter how bad it might be, in the city’s theatre for free. Generally, it is a day that he enjoys, it is slow and relaxing and he can forget and pretend things are going ok. That he is fine.
“Some had thrown us out, but it was before I was- before I knew how to save money or anything else” he says softly, drained.
“I’m not patronizing you. I’m worried”
Dean walks faster after he leaves the store. He wants to be alone, all of a sudden, because the other thing he wants, he isn’t going to get it.
“Hey, so nothing major but, ugh, I have to go over something and it will take a while”
Dean sighs, grimacing, yeah that essay didn't go well. He did better than the others he’d written, but not as good as he had thought and not as good as he had wanted, and he doesn't understand why; the notes on it were helpful only partially. The thought of going to see Novak about it, makes something in him come alive half in excitement, half in nerves, but he doesn't want to go see him. He doesn't think he can handle being in the same room as him alone without doing, or saying something stupid. He needs to though, if he wants to pass the exam in January; he curses himself for that, and Novak with his long, complicated papers he puts up, that took Dean twice the amount of time than usual to understand. He prefers Milton on that regard, her papers were easier to read, far fewer unknown words.
Cas shakes his head at him, giving him a small smile “I’m over it, it wasn't so bad.”
“Dude, no. It’s the movie, you know with Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz” Castiel continues to look at him with wide eyes. “You haven’t seen The Mummy? Who hasn't seen that movie?”
They see each other again. And again. Castiel doesn't know how many times. He does, it’s four this past three weeks. And he doesn't care. He doesn't know what he is doing, or what is happening with Dean or what he wants it to be, but he doesn't care.
doesn't know anything. He doesn't know what he is doing. Or what they are both doing, because it’s not like anything will happen, not that Dean wants anything to happen. Despite how his stomach flatters at the thought of the man. He ignores everything and heads to the impala.
way, and asks, “What about the other thing?”
He drums his fingers on the table and looks out the street. It unsettles something in him. He sees Cindy getting in a car and thinks how weird it all is. He feels like he is watching a movie. One of those that is neither good or bad, it is just a null set of pictures. He blinks a couple of times to clear his head. He hears someone clearing their throat on his left and he turns his head to look at them. His eyes momentarily widen. It is the guy from the police station and pizza place, that apparently own only one set of clothing. Or all his clothes are the same. He raises his eyes expectantly.
“We need the car. I know there is a burger house, down the street, but I now one that makes the best burgers.” He tells him as they walk in the station, in a way that is so Cas that Dean almost loses it from the things going crazy in his stomach. He breathes deeply and ignores them.
“Caravaggio” Dean says with a slight defensive tone, as a way of explaining himself. The other man nods and Dean reaches for his bag taking the test out, because he can’t keep looking at Novak’s eyes, if he wants to maintain what little is left from his composure.
Dean nods and feels something in his chest, that he refuses to acknowledge as disappointment.
They end up naked on the bed, Dean on top of him trailing kisses all over, trying to find spots that pull those sounds that Cas makes, that have his toes curl and make Dean want to devour him. There are moments where he looks up at Cas and finds him already looking at him as if he can’t believe that he is having this with Dean and Dean in answer, holds him tighter, better, tries to make him feel as much loved and wanted as Dean feels with him.
“I know.” He looks back down at him and adds quietly. “You should be taking better care of yourself”
He puts the container with the leftover food in the fridge, motions at Miracle to follow him and they both head to his room.
Neither one of them moves for a few seconds, they just stand there, like idiots staring at each other, with unreadable expressions.
He listens as Eileen leaves again, putting the alarm and all and he texts her,
, Dean doesn't say, but smiles stupidly at him and he is pretty sure he is falling in love with the idiot.
“I know. But I am fairly sure it is perfect” He says sitting a little straighter in his chair.
Michael isn’t that understanding and he has a few choice words for the matter, but he eventually yields. They leave him and Adam in Jim Thorpe, with a promise to stay in contact.
She looks at him questioningly for a few seconds, until it clears and her green eyes momentarily widen. She quickly composes herself though.
He stares down on his shoulder and his fingers wrapped on his arm just below and he scowls, anger flaring in his chest. That fucker, that stupid fucker that Dean-
So, when Sam and Eileen go out for dinner and Jack is in his room watching a new series, Dean is skimming through a book about Rugarus in the library, Cas across from him reading something and Dean sighs for the hundredth time Cas looks up at him sharply.
On Thursday, he asks him to lunch and Dean gives him a half assed excuse. He is angry, at the world, at himself, at Cas who can’t seem to want to spend his free time with his wife.
he sighs exasperatedly, and that's what he wants to say. “He doesn't know, ok?” he exclaims instead “He doesn't know what I do or, or where I live.” The last he adds on a smaller voice and he hates himself for it. He waits for Cas to say something, but he just continues to look at him, same as before and Dean can’t take it.
“I stole food” he tells her, shamefully but determined all the same, and because he doesn't need coddling.
“There is some sort of black ectoplasm on the floor, but it’s only near the far wall,” Sam is saying, his voice coming from the doorway behind Dean, who at the words drops the book he is holding. “Dean?”
His mouth dries and his hands shake and he wants to leave the bar and town, go and burry himself somewhere. He doesn’t want to just die, he wants to cease to exist, cease to be.
He watches as she skips to the office while calling at the cat, before he heads to the kitchen. He stops just before he rounds the corner and takes a deep breath.
“Well that was awkward” Dean says and asks, feigning nonchalance. “How do you know each other?”
“His dad is dead and his mum still lives in Roanoke, she has been in and out of rehab for years” Charlie adds with a sad expression.
“But-”
Her blue eyes stare at him and it takes Dean a second to register her words. He takes a step towards her desk and away from the door, “No it’s fine I don't need…”
“No” he says softly. “It had too much stuff I wanted to leave behind at the time. But after a while I liked it. In fact, I started to love this place.” He sighs, shoulders dropping. “Anyways, Mick, he found a job at the DAs’ office and I realised I wanted to be involved. Just not as a lawyer. So, after some consideration, I applied at the academy, completed the training and I met Anna, when I was just an officer. She was working on a big case and I was recommended for an undercover investigation”
He sits at a both that looks to the street and nurses a cup of coffee for sometime now. He doesn't feel like working, though he knows he should, the money from the regular on Wednesdays, though well, aren’t enough.
“Oh, ok. Anna is allergic too, so I keep some antihistamines around” he says moving past Dean and into a door on his right. Dean watches him search the cabinets of a bathroom and tries to relax, taking deep breaths.
“I am going to see what Billie found” he tells them and heads to the elevator, without waiting for a response.
“It’s not going to work.”
“The Empty is smart. You open door, you find a loophole? It closes it. You only get one try for each one.”
“Yes, but” a guy starts next to the girl “being a professor is not just about research, right? What if you want to teach?”
“You fled.” Cas accuses and unbuttons his coat, taking his scarf off.
“Miss him?” Benny says and it’s half a question half a statement. And the other two huff a laugh.
“Ok, I’ll ugh, I’ll email it to you” Dean says and Castiel nods opening his satchel and writing his email in a piece of paper.
“It’s her symbol, and her kids’”
“What?”
Cas huffs without turning to look at Dean, frowning at the window.
“Sam” he says warningly.
“Is it good though?” he finally asks and Castiel knows that's not what he wanted to say.
Dean holds his breath for a moment. “You sure?” he croaks, more than asks. “I don't- I don't want to keep you”
“We went to a hunt in Wyoming” Claire continues, “I called him just to ask how- he hadn’t called or texted in a while, so I-“ she swallows, sniffling “It was a ghoul, never met one of those before.”
“Yeah. Well”
“Dean, shut up” he smiles at him, soft and teasing. It’s a good look on him, Dean concludes.
Her eyes water again and she brings her hand to wipe them. Dean gently pushes the packet of tissues towards her to stop himself for getting up and leaving.
Dean smiles softly at him and Cas turns to look at him.
“Yeah ok.” He says looking away, untangling himself from Cas.
“You sure? Because it’s not a pro-”
“Sure” he responds sarcastically “What can I help you with?” he plasters a fake smile on his face, he doubts the guy is here for the same reason everyone else seats opposite of Dean.
She grins at him and pushes the file towards him. “It’s a date”
“You were right. It is a good book” And Castiel just smiles at him.
Dean nods slightly and kisses his jaw, down to the hollow of his neck and sucks, making Castiel shudder and he smirks. Castiel drags him towards the stairs and they clumsily climb them. Dean almost loses his footing, but it doesn’t matter nothing matters, because he is here touching Castiel, kissing him and-
“Oh come on, where is the fun in that?”
“Careful” Cas rasps, separating them for a moment. Dean frowns at him, he is gorgeous like that. Hair everywhere, eyes dark, wild, wanting, and lips red from all the kissing. “Stairs” and he is kissing him again and this time Dean knows he is the one moaning. “Behind you” he adds against his lips. Dean nods and it’s awkward cause he is still kissing Cas.
Dean wakes up slowly, the first thought that comes to his mind is how soft and comfortable everything feels. He is warm and rested and for the first time in a really long time he feels a certain sense of security that both terrifies and calms him. He stays like that for a while, eyes closed, just relishing the quiet, until he is fully awake. He opens his eyes and expects to see Cas, but instead he is greeted with an empty bed, save from Carmen sleeping just below the pillow next to him. The sight draws his attention to the feeling of his eyes, they are twitching, but thankfully not uncomfortably yet. He needs to take another pill. He exhales through his nose slowly, the more he stares on other side of the bed the more the feeling of abandonment overtakes him, something hot is twisting in his stomach and he tells himself he has no right to feel this way, yesterday was just-
“Four people are dead and there are going to be more.”
He takes his laptop out of his bag, which he takes care of almost like Baby. Bobby and Sam bought for him when he got accepted into university. When they gave it to him, he just stood there looking at the box trying to breath and fit into his head that yes they did this for him. After a long conversation, that half way through turned to a fight between Sam and Dean, and Sam trying to convince the other to do things for himself, Dean agreed to accept the laptop. Not that he could say no, one look at Bobby told him he was going to take it whether he liked it or not. Dean knows they did it because they wanted him to have something nice now that he is here and all, but it left him with a weird unsettling feeling. It took him a week to open the box.
Hannah draws in a breath and looks down at her desk.
“Tell me”
The woman has long striking red hair and is wearing a cream dress that accentuates her figure. Dean smirks up at her.
With that thought he puts a generous amount of body wash in his hands and starts on his legs, moves to his stomach, his chest, on his neck, his back. He goes up his right arm and then down, before moving to the left one, stopping just before he reaches
Dean stares at him for a moment transfixed, then jolts back. Turns around and shuts himself in his room. He doesn’t come out for two days.
Later, at night when Sam has fallen asleep in front of the TV, Bobby nods at him to come to the porch with him and walks out.
“Huh,” Sam lets out stunned, smiling at that.
The third time he brings them to the edge and stops, when his hand has begun to hurt a little and a sweet layer of sweat has covered him, Cas says his name with a groan and before Dean can say anything he flips them over.
“I, ugh,” Sam clears his throat, “I need to, uh, check something in the storage rooms I’ll be right back.”
Charlie shrugs at Inias. “It’s a little weird too. I mean, they choose hotel rooms, that they don't use for you know and they leave them there for people to find them” she voices the last words slowly, almost in a question.
Dean shifts in his seat sighing, playing with his pen nervously, looking at his lap.
“Work?” Sam needlessly asks, when he sits down and Dean knows he wants to say more but restrains himself. Good, he can’t deal with it now.
“Sorry, but I’ve never seen him before” And even if he had, Dean wouldn't remember. He keeps to himself, doesn’t interact. He knows a couple of names, maybe about a dozen faces, but that's it. He learned a long time ago, that in order to survive around here, he needed a wall between him and everyone else.
“It’s…”
. So, I just need you to drop that heroic martyr act you have going on, because it’s just making you mis-”
He goes out in the hallway and strains to hear some movement, but he is greeted with silence. He sighs and moves on the other end of the hallway, where he vaguely remembers passing the kitchen last night.
. Deep down he knows that thought is a lie, still it makes him feel a little more comfortable, but at the same time, he feels like a liar.  Which he is, but when it comes to Cas, he finds himself unwilling to lie or it has a certain wrongness to it Dean can’t wrap his head around. He needs to get his head straight, realise that whatever this is, is temporary and it’s not good for him, however it makes him feel. Or however much Dean wants to kid himself.
Talbot raises her eyebrow, looking surprised “French”. It’s not exactly a question but Dean feels the need to justify himself.
He needs to stop. He opens his eyes and picks up his clothes, throwing on his jeans and then goes to the bathroom, finally getting a look at himself. He can only see one on the right side of his neck, that is not too dark and he frowns, pulling the collar down and yes, there are two more in his collarbones, at least they are hidden. He runs his finger lightly across them and he shivers. He feels lips against his own and he opens his eyes abruptly. What is he, sixteen, after his first time?
He turns around and wipes the spotless counter in front of him, for lack of something else to do and sighs.
He doesn't think anymore about it, he turns and hopes there is a pen and something he can write on somewhere in here. And
“Is there anything else?” Novak asks, voice deeper if that’s even possible and Dean swallows thickly, something trembling in his chest and to his utter embarrassment he feels heat rising to his cheeks.
It’s not like he wanted people to see him, he got past that point a long time ago. He didn't want people to know who he really was, what he really wanted from others and from himself. He didn't let himself think about those things anymore. Things he wanted to try and be. Things that he was but never found the voice to say. Or the voice was stolen from him, in the name of something bigger. Until it reached a point where Dean, stopped trying to really connect with others. That way he didn't have to excessively hide himself, and when sometimes he slipped, and people saw a glimpse of who he was he withdrew completely. Because Deans’ greatest fear is people seeing him. Seeing through him. Thus, he had resigned himself to solitude. He didn't have friends, only a few people who knew him by name and a couple of words, and most of them didn’t even know his real name, not that with what he was he would give that away.
He takes a step back and then another and Dean can’t help but follow him. It is warm inside and bright, the lights are on and Dean finds himself in a long corridor that leads to a stairway. There are doors, in both sides, but light comes only from the last room on the left. There are frames in the walls, and next to him there is a painting; Seaport with something, he can’t remember the full title. He stares at it, it’s the first one he-   He licks his lips and releases a small sigh, he always liked that one for a reason he can’t explain, even though sea paintings aren’t his favorite.
But instead he puts the plate in front of Dean and sits opposite of him and starts to eat. After a few seconds Dean starts as well.
He also knows she will be angry and bitter like she has every right to be.
Dean raises is eyebrows at that and Cas chuckles, self-conscious. “They needed someone no one would recognise. We worked well together and I guess she saw a lot of potential and she needed people she could trust, she had just taken over the drug department. I worked with her for almost four years, when the detective for homicides resigned and I applied. And now I am here” he makes a gesture with his hand and looks at Dean with a smile, that is just in his eyes. Dean gives him a small tentative in return.
“I didn't want to interrupt”
Then, perhaps because Dean is staring for so long, the man looks towards him and after a second their eyes lock. It’s so silent and even if Dean can’t see them, he knows they are pale blue. Pale blue like the early morning sky. Pale blue. Promising. Cruel.
He looks at her and he also sees the black engulfing him, his smile, his tears. He had never seen him cry before. Only once when he was about to and Dean was the cause of it, the largest part of him was satisfied at causing him pain at the time.
“Peachy” he takes a sip from his coffee and frowns at the cup.
“Ok, fine.” she sighs, a little too dramatic if you asked Dean “I have a date”
“Yes, thank you” he answers, raising his eyebrow at him, which results in Benny looking more amused. But he doesn't make a comment, though Castiel knows it rests on the tip of his tongue, instead he turns to Dean.
There is a boy Jake, James, he doesn't remember, he was working, serving tables and Bobby had gone to the toilet and Dean had let his eyes linger. He was handsome. Broad shoulders, dirty blonde hair, hazel eyes, easy smile, better laugh, around Dean’s age.
They walk to the door together and Castiel wants something but doesn't know what and then Dean leans down and kisses him and
“Don't worry.” Cas says and starts the car.
She even joins them on a few fishing days.
Then there is Sam, who keeps giving Dean these pointed looks and keeps finding excuses to leave them alone in a room. Worst of all Jack has caught on and has started doing the same thing. Eileen too, she at least just gives these knowing smiles and nothing else. Dean is pretty sure they all have been discussing about him and Cas behind their backs. Probably giggle about it like schoolgirls.
“You are not married?” Dean asks in a small voice, that he hates himself for.
Dean understand that this is Cas giving him an out, Cas trying to say
He is about to turn right and walk the usual thirty-minute walk to his apartment, when he remembers he’s out of milk and bread. He knows there is a store a couple of blocks from here, but it’s in the other direction and he will have to do a circle.
Dean swallows, runs his tongue across his lower lip, contemplating. “He is my English lit professor”
“Carmen” he growls, reaching with his hand and from what little he can make out, from the limited light coming from the closed curtains, sees him stroking Carmens’ head. “Be nice”, it’s said more softly.
He offers Dean a small smile, as he watches him get up. He wears his jacket and picks the book up.
“You are serious?” he nods bracing himself for an explosion or something from her.
Dean gets up, sighing and Sam grins at him. “Bitch”
“I was surprised too considering-”
Dean grips his coat tighter, looks into his eyes and breaths, “Yes”
“Oh, is this about a case…?” she trails waiting for his name.
“You antisocial, famous lawyer” Dean tells him with a laugh.
He finds himself smiling a small smile and opens his eyes and after a moment he laughs. It’s a bit hysterical and there is a myriad of emotions going through him at once but he feels so light. As if there was something in his nose that took most of the oxygen and now it’s gone and he can
Bobby rises his eyebrows and Dean doesn't know if he wants to roll his eyes or laugh at him. Dean takes a breath and tries again, “I’m seeing a therapist”.
“I mean it Dean. I am not at liberty to discuss it.”
After a few seconds or minutes, Dean can’t tell, the door opens again and a girl comes out looking a little troubled, followed by a woman wearing a doctor’s robe. Dean guesses she is Dr MacLeod.
He does something good though. He apologizes to Jack, he knows that’s not enough for the shit he pulled and he definitely doesn’t deserve the hug Jack gives him, but it’s all he can do right now.
“The elephant?” his voice absolutely doesn't go high. Because he knows what she is talking about.
, what makes you think places like that won’t want you”
He walks slowly to the building, despite the cold. He gets is the elevator, reaches the floor, smiles at Anna who is getting in as he gets out, and she returns it, wishing him a good day.
with Sam. It’s better, he tells himself, because Dean would probably say something awful.
“It should be easy.”
And Dean almost chokes on air and has a heart attack at the same time. He sees a flash of blue eyes and full lips and his heart is pounding so hard he can practically hear it. He swallows.
“Can we please just…” Dean looks up at him, all anger gone and there is just a flicker of sorrow, before it is also gone and there is just something Castiel can’t recognise. “I’m- I don't want to talk about it”
The first time Castiel sees Dean is on a Tuesday. He is on the ground floor talking with Jody, when Garth and Donna walk in with Leah, a usual occupant of the cells for prostitution, and a tall, light brown hair man. Castiel can't tell if it is his first time being arrested, though he carries himself with an air of defiance and almost relaxation, but not annoyance. As if it was an everyday thing, being arrested and he knew the ins and outs of this place. He was wearing a black shirt with a flannel on top, blue jeans and well-worn combat boots. Castiel guesses that he too, is a prostitute.
“I am fine” he says softly, even though he has been saying that all night and almost all morning. Cas looks at him with such intensity that Dean feels it to his soul.
Dean opens his mouth slightly and after a moment of thought, he gives him a subtle nod and Novak raises his chin at him, a bit of surprise in his eyes, but otherwise his expression shows he is pleased, “Yes?”
“Yes.” He does know that, sometimes though he forgets.
“I’m fine” he says after a moment, shrugging, turning to look back at the other man, who looks like he wants to say something but thinks better of it and presses his lips into a thin line.
“It’s just you make it sound so… indifferent” the last word she says in a question and Dean wants to tell her
“Not to be rude or pretend I know anything about law, but aren’t you like specializing in environmental law or something”
He takes a deep breath. He becomes aware of his shaking as if it’s happening outside his body but at the same time he can feel it too. It’s weird, there is an alarm going off at the back of his mind at the feeling. There is a crushing pressure in his chest that is going to suffocate him. His heart clenches and there is a sharp pain in his chest, maybe he is having a heart attach. The room is spinning. He takes another breath, trying to get a hold of himself, but all it does is make his lungs and nose burn. He thinks in the distance he hears Miracle whimper and he wants to reach out and comfort her but he can’t. Everything is too much.
“Don't worry.” He repeats sarcastically, putting on his seatbelt.
When he tells Sam, he looks at him as if he is gone crazy and then it crumbles and he gets all sorrowful and looks at Dean with a mix of exasperation and pity. But there is understanding in there too and Dean turns away from him, sits on the bed and opens his mouth to say,
He stops just before they reach Cas’ car and Dean watches him as he goes to the driver’s side, his eyes widening a bit, staring at the black car.
“My what Cas? Hm?” he spats back, that seems to make him recoil. “You don't know shit about me so just drop it.”
“No, just the usual check-up. We had this conversation about STDs, do we need to have it again?” he asks him, because he knows that this way Sam will shut up about it, at least for now.
“Did he now?” Dean’s eyes fly open, his nose flares slightly from the anger building in his head, and he takes a steadying breath to calm himself.
“Everything alright?” she raises her eyebrows at the man in question, who takes a step back in reflex and nods, looking him up and down.
“It’s about the essay” he tells him, staring back at him and feeling his hands shake slightly.
He stops just a breath away and says before kissing him, “The first time I saw you all I could think about was you fucking me in the bar” Cas breath hitches, and yes Dean just admitted of his slight exhibitionism, for the first time aloud too, but he finds that he doesn't care. Especially since Cas grabs him and maneuvers him how he wants him on his back before settling between Deans legs and just hovering; looking at Dean in wonder and disbelief. And Dean looks back at him openly and probably mirroring his expression.
“Morning” he grumbles back and Castiel lets out an amused huff. Dean groans at the sound and turns his body fully so he is laying on his back.
“Black” he says interrupting him, because honestly to Dean they are all plant water. Cas squints and tilts his head to the side.
It’s fucked, all the way to Sunday, it can’t get any worse.
“He dresses in whites”
“Anything else?” Castiel asks, no matter how often he is here, it doesn't get easier.
They eat in silence, each enjoying their food. When all Dean has left is a few fries and Castiel is idly moving the lettuce of his salad, he says “Sam, told me that you are looking to buy the place by Louis’ Kafe. The bar that has been close for five years now”
Thani= θανή, is the poetic word for death (θάνατος) in Greek
He stops his movement, straightening in his seat and lets her kiss him. It’s not deep, just a movement of her lips against his that lasts only three seconds before she pulls back. Something shutters in him, the edges cutting painful inside him.
“You can ask Dean?” she has that teasing tone back in her voice and Castiel chuckles.
He comes hard, arching off the bed.
“How are you?”
room. And the one next to it, instead focuses on the other ones.
He swallows, tossing the paper in the passenger seat and rests his head in the steering wheel.
He looks up at Cas and moves forward resting his forehead in his shoulder and laughs. When he can talk again, he says “Cas?”
"Do you?"
“That's not the same thing” he responds calmly and notices as Deans’ lips twist just barely. He looks like he is about to say something, but Castiel looks in his eyes and says “You are beautiful”.
“I went to talk to him.” Castiel sighs and intertwines his fingers. “And… I don't know. I mean it wasn't…” he finally looks at Crowley. He notes his slightly pleased and amused expression and he rolls his eyes. “I just” he begins again with emphasis. “I wanted to talk to him. More.” He felt relaxed with Dean, something he hadn’t felt in a while with strangers. And he found himself wanting to know more about him. But he didn't let his thoughts go far, whenever he did it was like an ice bucket thrown at him and he stopped thinking about it.
“Wha- Cats. No they are- I’m allergic” he says and shifts on his feet. He needs to relax, everything is going to be fine. He is just standing on a hallway in Cas’ house, no big deal.
Castiel kisses him again.
maybe they will listen to you. Just the ones you think they will make good use of it. No pressure”
“Who is that?” she asks finally looking up at him curiously.
The elevator stops and he looks up and sees number two illuminated. A woman with long red hair walks in, she is vaguely familiar, but he can’t remember from where. Besides, she is hot and if it was another time, he would have flirted with her. The elevator moves again and Dean can feel her studying him.
“Hello, doctor” He gives her a small smile. She looks up returning his smile and puts her pen down.
“I understand the whole you need to find more references to back up your claims, but what else do I need to do” he says and Novak waves his hand at Dean’s laptop and the younger man turns it to face the other man who places it closer to him.
, he thinks and leans against the door. A part of him, however small, hates himself for the way his heart is beating in his chest and the rush of excitement he feels at the thought of Dean. That part tells him he is doing something illicit, something that betrays-
“I am fine” he responds anyways and Gabriel turns his eyes towards Dean. He suddenly feels naked and exposed and rolls his shoulders, trying to relax. “And the guy you ditched us for”
In the beginning it was just an office of a man, that Castiel wasn't sure he liked and in the first three weeks he didn't go along with that much. But slowly it became a place where he could open up, a familiar place that he enjoyed coming back to. Even if at times it was really difficult to come to or stay or talk.
When he is done, he takes a sheet of paper and writes down what they know about the two murders. They are both men, in their twenties, white, the time between the two murders is eleven days, they were found in a hotel room and both were sex workers. Castiel puts a question mark next to the last one, since they don’t really know about the second victim.
Sam’s eyes go round like an owl’s, his mouth hangs open slightly and if it was anything else Dean would laugh.
He pulls back and grabs a condom rolling it on and lubes himself up. He lines up and Dean moves his legs and hips to accommodate him and he finally pushes in. Dean closes his eyes at the feeling, it’s hot and he is stretched, feeling the heated throbbing flesh inside him and it’s past satisfaction or mere pleasure, it touches something Dean doesn't dare to think about. But something at the back of his mind whispers
“I-” she stops, seems to try and find a better way to phrase it. “I know it’s something to do with Dean” Castiel tries not to wince on the name and fails, making Anna withdraw a bit on herself.
“I went to Yale” he says quietly, like Dean would judge him for that or something.
“Come one man, I told you I was sorry. Quit with the eye thing.”
“I know”
“Don't, don't go there” he can’t take it not today, he doesn't know if he will ever be able to take it. Besides, this thing between them it was bound to break, nothing like that lasts, not with Dean. And even if it did, he wouldn't know what to do with it.
in the beginning but then we-” he sighs frustrated and Dean waits patiently for him to find the words. “I just, I don’t want the forcing.” He says at last scared that Dean won’t get it.
Dean starts to say something but Sam goes on “Being on scholarship doesn’t mean I’m not going to say my opinion or, or that I am not equal to them or that I should be ashamed”
Dean freezes for a half a second, eyes Castiel searchingly, “Me? I’m good”
Just as both of their movement start to become sloppier, jerkier, and Dean can feel he is so close, Dean lets out “Come in me, Cas, please come in me”
He is so so
He talks to Crowley, but he leaves Dean out of their sessions. Though he knows Crowley suspects something, at least he has comment on a change in Castiel, but he hasn't pushed. It’s not that Castiel is ashamed, it’s just something he wants to keep to himself. Even though Anna knows or thinks she does and told Gabriel about him and since, he hasn't stop pestering him. They are happy for him, he knows, but this is something that's for himself. He doesn't want to ruin it. So, he doesn't talk about it, but he thinks about Dean almost all the time, which is a bit ridiculous, he is not fifteen anymore, nor is he really sure he wants to be thinking about Dean. He gets scared when he thinks about him sometimes.
“Oh, come on, I am sick”
“I-” Sam tries, bless him he tries. He shifts on the bed, rearranges the notes scattered all over the duvet.
Sam presses his lips together and mumbles an “ok”
He shakes his head and goes down the stairs and into the street, the cold breeze hits his face and it makes him feel good, more awake and alert. He eats the sandwich as he walks towards the direction the hotel is, and thankfully he knows where this one is.
“Dean-”
When Dean has, for a moment, enough leverage and half a head to think, he flips them over, not as gracefully as he would have liked. Castiel lets out a grunt, staring up at him, his hands gripping his hip, cocks pressing together and Dean moans at the feeling, hips stuttering a movement.
He makes a trip to the store to get the minced beef and then starts cooking. He checks his phone again for the millionth time but nothing. He gets a little worried so after eating he calls, but all he gets is a recorded voice, Cas has probably his phone turned off. He sighs annoyed this time.
“I know you know. Now you just need to let yourself
They both stay there, staring at each other, neither moving. Dean eventually stands up and with a last small, awkward smile he goes towards the door.
He doesn't close the door. Oli, who has been following him everywhere, just sits on the matt outside the shower and looks at him. Dean looks back at him and wants to say
In his first week, the induction week or whatever, which basically consisted of professors and other members of the university talking to them about how great they were for getting here, and how the university valued hard work and all the opportunities and activities the university had to offer, which Dean has to admit, had him a little impressed. He received a few curious glances and a bit of small talk, but nothing more than that, he was glad about it, he didn't feel like making friends (especially with nineteen-year olds) or something. What calmed his nerves a lot more than he would like to admit, was that he blurred out, not completely, but enough for him to breath as comfortably as he could. Plus, he wasn't the older person in there which made him let out a sigh in relief. Although he was still on edge and had a headache at the end of each day that won’t leave him alone.
And there, Cas’ familiar done with everything expression comes back and some of the tension leaves him and Dean can’t help but let a breathy laugh.
?” he says eventually and his face is serious but his eyes hold an amusement Dean hardly ever sees in them.
Once he feels in control of himself again, he puts his shoes on and heads to the door, but stops and goes back to the bedroom and takes the leather jacket from the hook behind the door and puts it on. Immediately he wants to take it off, but thinks that being uncomfortable is better than being cold, so he sucks it up and leaves the apartment, humming Metallica and willing his mind not to think of anything.
“Dean”
Cas raises his eyebrows and Dean shrugs. “I get hungry easily” and Cas pushes him down the bed and Dean bonces slightly and removes his sweatpants, while Cas removes his shoes and socks and then Dean reaches a hand and pulls him towards him.
“Yep, that’s me”
"Do you know what year it is?"
Cas clears his throat. “Where are your clothes?” His eyes search around the room, until he spots them on a chair and walks towards it.
He feels grounded as Crowleys’ words come to his mind. Yes, he is sad and wistful and he misses Mick, but he can- He can think of Dean, without feeling guilty or like he is betraying him.
“Would I what?”
“But if you had to guess when would it be?” The desperation that he has been trying to conceal slipping through the cracks and he knows Sam hears it, because his eyes darken, and the edges of his mouth dip. There is the pity Dean has been trying to avoid.
Cas doesn't notice him and it takes the second time Dean says his name and a slight jump on Castiel’s part, before he finally turns and looks at Dean with a startled expression.
“I’ll be there in about, uh, twenty minutes” he tells her and hangs up before she is done replying to him. He closes his eyes trying to compose himself. It’s probably nothing serious. It’s
” with a tone that made him realise that she didn't exactly believed what she was saying, in fact she seemed to look down at him. Probably wondering herself what he was doing here.
He had thought about not texting him on Wednesday, after spending most of Tuesday talking with him, earning him too many stern looks from Ellen and smug/amused ones from Jo. However, he came to realized two things, it was impossible for him to ignore Cas and Cas is, despite his somewhat blunt ways, a very nice person to talk to.
, want different things. Christ, he has only met him twice. He needs to stop thinking about this, about him. Besides he has more important things to think about.
“God, I ship you two so much”
When he is satisfied and Dean is a mess, he gives him a peck on the lips, before he turns and opens the first drawer in the nightstand and retrieving a bottle of lube and a condom.
Sam finds him standing in the middle of the kitchen, right hand clutching his phone next to his ear. He is still as a statue.
“Where you in the army?”
Castiel looks a little startled, but he quickly comes back from the book he is reading. He places it on the table. “Alright.”
Castiel sighs and his shoulders relax. “I am sorry as well. I shouldn't have pushed”
“Good evening to you too Dean” he gears Sams’ voice from the other side, and though the comment sarcastic it is overshadowed by his excitement.
“Good morning, Dean” Dean can feel his heart stop and he jerks back, God he scared the crap out of him. He looks up and sees Cas looking at him with wide eyes, brows furrowed.
After a few seconds Benny hands him his sandwich and his coffee, Dean thanks him and turns around to leave, but sees the bar table on his right and mentally shrugs. He sits in one of the bar stools and sets his coffee and sandwich, with cheese, ham and tomato, on the table. He eats his sandwich, while observing the people outside through the window.
Castiel unlocks the door on his second try and they stumble in. Castiel grabs him and pushes him against the wall kissing his lips, then moves down his throat, hands travelling under Dean’s shirt. Dean bulks, hands going to grip Castiel’s shoulders, who kisses him again, hands inching higher. He runs his thumb across Dean’s nipple making him hiss, heat pulling on his lower belly, and Castiel does it again and again.
Before long the sound of the coffee maker feels the kitchen and Cas turns and looks at him, eyes blue and big and lost and he looks as awkward as Dean feels. They stay like that for a while, a painful a while, probably not as long as it feels. It’s more awkward and tense than ever, the air is thick and Dean scraps from something to say, anything to makes this easier. But there are a million things going through his head all of which he can’t really talk about without some coffee in him. It’s Cas that breaks the silence asking what Dean wants for breakfast.
“Yes.” He agrees for the first time and lets some tears fall silently “I- for months I denied what was happening. I was convinced that I” he let’s out a hollow laugh “that I could say no. Cas I didn't even have a safe word. Sometimes he’d strap me in a stand, blindfolded, I was always blindfolded, whip me and leave, or I don't know, sometimes I think he stood there and watched no words no nothing, just silence, it’d drive me insane. Other times people would come in and fuck me. I never knew who they were. Then he would unstrap me, told me to get dress and left. Other times he-” he stops squeezing his eyes shut, breaths and opens them again saying, “he was into bloodplay.” The
“So, how did you ended up being a detective?” he asks quietly, because he needs to move from the Yale thing.
“I think it will work fine in modern as well.”
“True but she is the goddess of love, beauty and pleasure, could be something related to that.”
“You don't need to be such a princess about it. It’s not like I’m naked and it’s my apartment, ok? I can be in my underwear if I want to”
Castiel offers him an understanding smile, “I know. But if half the things Sam says about you are true, then I’m certain you will succeed Dean”
“What if I can’t? Stop feeling this way I mean”
“Alright” he says after half a minute, raising his eyes to look at Dean, “The issue is that you need to…” he stops, looks back at the screen oblivious to Dean’s panic. After a beat he looks back at him and tells him “I want you to elaborate more; don't be afraid of your thoughts. You are abrupt, you stop your flow. Let your thoughts carry. You can write whatever comes to you, no matter what you think of it and then after a day or two go back to it and revise. Your thoughts are on the right place, you just need to develop, and stop being so stressed about them”
Her hair are long falling down her shoulders, a light brown, maybe blonde in the morning sun, her skin is pale under the low lights of the bar. She is wearing a cream dress, smells like the ocean, anise and cinnamon and orders a sweet Martini.
After the initial shock passed, he hollered at Sam, who came into the kitchen looking all kinds of apologetic but with a determined look all the same. Because the thing is, Dean send an application for the community college, and never ever did he remember sending one at the university of Chicago. His stomach still turns at that and he still can’t, for the life of him say he is a student there. They had requested an interview with him, because they
When he goes to help Sam and Jack, he steers off
Castiel stares him for a second too long, so he adds, “We, ugh, we are going to be exclusive if you want”
“Possibly” Castiel says shrugging.
“It’s the next one.”
“Oh, yeah Carmen. I’ve forgot to tell you about her” he says thoughtfully, taking a box in his hands and turning towards him, giving Dean a small self-conscious smile. “I found her a year ago outside my door when she was a kitten and well, she decided she wanted to live here.” Dean nods, not knowing how to respond and follows Cas, as he walks towards, actually he doesn't know where Cas is going.
“No, everything is fine” he says trying to sound exactly that and failing.
And despite all his panic and the bells ringing in his head, Castiel smiles back at him. Dean looks a lot more relaxed and like something, even if it is very small, has cleared in his eyes. He is still tensed, but a little more at ease with Castiel.  And he finds himself relaxing as well, the panic settling at the back of his head.
“I think you know. Listen, I don't expect you to have a smooth stroll, we both know that's not how it works. It’s normal, that you feel this way, in fact I would worry if you didn't. It’s a big change, a big step, you are letting the past go, you are starting to feel happy and it freaks you out, you are not used to it, and I’m not talking just about Dean. You are socialising more; you are enjoying your life more. So, this guilt for not feeling guilty, is to be expected, especially from you. When you first came here you were feeling guilty and responsible about everything that had ever happened and was going to happen.” Castiel makes a sound at that, but doesn't argue, it’s true and sometimes he wonders how could he be like that. “What you need to do is, realise that it is alright for you to be happy and to want things that make you happy”
“What?” Dean asks, as the silence stretches on.
He smiles up at him and Dean returns it, asking how he wants his eggs and Castiel panics and hopes that it doesn't show in his face. Not that it matters, Dean has already turned around and is roaming the fridge.
“Listen there are two- three categories of people who get a PhD. People who want to be professors and mainly do funded research, people who want to please their egos, parents, or they can’t do anything useful in their lives and they know it so, they need that Doctor before their names to feel important, and three those who want to delve deeper into a particular domain. Some of the last ones end up becoming professors. Ok?”
“Alright” Novak says and he sounds breathless, and Dean dares to entertain the idea he is as overtaken by want as him, “we- just let me”
Dean is going to hurl.
His room is bright, only a thin curtain covering the window. Dean looks at the made bed with the grey bedding, and swallows thickly, trying to decrease the headiness, and pounding of his heart, but then Castiel’s hands are on him again.
“All good?” she asks him, concerned.
“You shouldn't feel shameful about that. It’s not on you” when he opens his mouth “You were a child”, she adds insistent.
“No” There is no point in lying, Dean knows. For a few moments neither of them says anything, they just study each other. He has really blue eyes, Dean notes, and almost scoffs.
He kisses him again and Dean releases a sound in surprise, he pulls back slightly to try and get a word in, but Novak pushes forward and kisses him again. Dean reaches a hand behind Novak’s head and all he can think is, the guy’s hair are really soft; then Novak pulls back, and Dean is about to protest, but then the other man’s lips find his neck and he shudders, closing his eyes. And when his lips reach that spot, just below his left ear and he moans, Novak squeezes his side, and brings him closer to him, so they are flash against each other.
“I know you two go jogging together in the mornings, but this will never happen with me,” he says gruffly and because his voice is too melancholic and he was meaning to cheer him up he adds, “Just take the days off, dude.”
He opens his eyes, hands closing into tight fists. And he turns to look at him. He is standing in front of the steps, face full of concern.
He puts the money in his wallet and turns towards the bed. Tom smiles at him and he smiles back at him, slow and relaxed and fake.
He sits down on the bench a safe distance from the older man.
“It’s fine” Dean interrupts shrugging, really, it’s fine, none of his business.
Dean stands up and moves closer to him, for lack of something else to do. And watches as Novak makes a sound and takes a book from one of the higher shelves. Dean takes the two more steps he needs to stand closer to him, perhaps too close. Novak turns around and if he is startled by the proximity it doesn't show. Instead he focuses on Dean’s eyes and after he clears his throat he says, “You can read that.”
“I should probably go” Dean says tersely as he gets up and Castiel notices that the jacket he is wearing is a little big on him. He also notices how tense he is and that he is still not looking at him.
“Hello” his voice sounds weird in his ears, but he doesn't think much about it.
, leaves his mouth. Then, Cas finally removes his boxers.
“What do you want from me?” Dean exclaims turning to look at Cas.
They finish their muffins and tea and Dean has to admit, to himself, it’s kind of nice. Then Cas shows him the office and Dean may have to live there for the rest of his life, because Cas has a lot of books, like a lot of books and some in different languages. And he knew Cas spoke French, but apparently, he knows more languages.
Sam pointedly clears his throat throwing him a look that has him purse his lips together and look away from them.
“Coffee” he half asks half demands, as Castiel continues to watch him and he pretends he doesn’t blush under the attention.
Dean nods and looks over his shoulder and back at Castiel, like he is contemplating what to do.  He sighs, shaking his head. “See you, Castiel”
On Monday night, he takes a shower, gets dressed and leaves the apartment, after making sure that Sam is ok, and finds himself nursing a second beer at the bar, even slower than the first. He glances around him, it’s pretty slow even for a Tuesday. He takes a sip from his beer and grimaces. It has reached room temperature and tastes like piss. He hears a chuckle on his left and turns his body on the stool to look.
Cas sighs, “Ok, I’ll heat up some of the lasagna ok? There is water,” he gestures with his hand at the nightstand and Dean sees a glass of water there. He smiles faintly at Cas, but somehow it hurts, so he stops.
“I just-” he sighs. “It feels too real”
For a moment Castiel thinks he has no idea about what he is doing with Dean, he just knows he wants to see him, possibly every day, which makes him feel a bit selfish, but he can’t bring himself to feel bad about that. Dean is something indescribable. He makes Castiel feel things he hasn't felt in a while and things he has never felt before. He wants Dean, he realises, in any way he can have him. That thought unnerves him and he doesn't know what to do with it, he feels panic and fear rising in his head, so he stops thinking about it.
“You write more” Novak says simply and Dean continues to frown at him, “Your main issue as I told you, is that you are so worried about what to say that you come off brusque, so you need to get acquainted,
Dean frowns pulling on his shirt and opens the door, “You sure? Maybe it
He turns around and his breath catches. Novak is at his desk writing something on a paper, with the sun coming from the window behind him, giving him a strange glow. Like a halo and Dean can feel every nerve in his body come to life.
“That it’s dangerous. Sorry” she responds embarrassed and comes down the last three steps slowly, glancing from Castiel to Dean. “Hello”
Castiel looks up at the ceiling huffing, Dean knows he doesn’t mean it and he bites the inside of his cheek so he doesn’t smile “And how are you?”
He hangs up, puts the phone in his pocket and exhales slowly. His head is pounding and he tries not to think. He drags his feet across the room and takes the bowl of cereal, empties its’ contents on the bin and goes to the sink to wash it. The sound of water calms him a bit, as do the mechanical movements in order to clean it.
“God, Cas” Dean exclaims, “Are you- Are you really ugh?”
He opens his mouth to talk, but she cuts him off. “And Hendrickson the idiot, almost got himself into trouble getting this information and I-”
“Ok. Good bye”
It’s silent for a few seconds, Dean just listens to Cas’ breathing and it grounds him. “I don't even know what made me do it. Nothing out of the ordinary happened, just a regular scene with him and at the end I don't know, I just wanted to scratch myself clean, just get out of my skin, so I called when I went back to my apartment” he tightens his hold on Cas “Maybe it was all the lack of aftercare”
“Sorry to disappoint” he bites, not bothering to keep his tone polite anymore.
“Right” Dr Kelly, or
, he tells himself. His eyes move though after a few seconds, to someone on Deans’ far right, “Yes?”
Cas frowns at him and doesn't say anything for a while. “I just wish… you would see yourself, give yourself more credit” Now he sounds like Sam and something in Dean is boiling hot, and ready to spill. “Don't get angry”
“The hospital is my dads’” he says simply and Dean continues to stare at him with his mouth slightly open, before he snaps out of it.
He hears Castiel breathing heavily, feels the goosebumps rise and slight tremor underneath his hands and something in him wants to make him fall apart. He starts moving his head and flattens his tongue, it’s a little difficult, it always is in the beginning, but he doesn’t stop. Instead he takes more of him into his mouth as much as he can, with this angle, and he relaxes his throat, his eyes watering just so and feels Castiel’s fingers tighten in his hair, hears him let out tiny moans. And he wants more, he is aware that Castiel is holding back, by the way he only lets his hips move just so, or stops half way through, but he wants all of it, have him fuck his throat, but they can do that another time. He knows Castiel is close and he feels his own cock throbbing, but it doesn’t matter because all he wants at the moment is to taste and all it takes is a few more seconds before Castiel spills down his throat without warning.
“I want to” and it’s true. He wants to, he really wants to, it’s just all too much.
They reach Jim Thorpe in something less than six hours, dispose their stuff in a nicer than usual motel – Sam’s choice – and change into their suits to go to the morgue.
“Why is it a bad thing for Sam to come here for Christmas?” Right, trust Cas to get to the root of the problem. He has moved now, the only thing between them the island, but he doesn't sit down, just stands looking at Dean, with a slight frown, inquisitively.
“I should thank you” Dean tells him after a pause, where they both drink their coffee and seem to be finding the cups more interesting than anything else. “About Friday”
” Gabriel snickers and Cas glares at both of them.
“I know” he responds and glances at Castiel, before turning his eyes back to him. “What can I do for you?”
When he reaches Baby, parked at the top of the hill next to the windmill with the broken wing, he puts his hands on the roof and leans forward, breathing heavily once, twice, before tears fill his eyes and a sob is wrenched from his throat. He goes back down there, where the jar, that he used as an urn when he carried his ashes and spread them is at the bottom of a tree, dirty now and half buried. He kneels there, bows his head and apologizes through his crying.
She nods at that, “Just don't work yourself to the ground, cause by the last year you’d be dead. Trust me”
“Tomorrow I won’t be in, so I wanted to ask if it’s ok with you to have Ash help you” she speaks in a rush, which is so unlike her, that it takes a second for Dean to register her words.
Dean must have made a face at that because Castiel hastily adds, “He mentioned that due to a case, it wasn't-”
Dean turns to look at Benny, who just shrugs, “Don't look at me, I just went to a culinary school”
He doesn’t remember how they got to his room only that they are suddenly there, and he knows Cas didn’t teleport them because he doesn’t feel his intestines being ripped apart.
? Maybe, he doesn't have a word for it, it is a weird feeling, it’s as if the world is slightly changing around him and staying the same all at once.
“Ok.” Castiel nods, looking intently at him. He wraps a warm hand around Deans throbbing cock, making him arch at the touch and starts jerking him off. He kisses Dean and younger man wraps his hand around him, holding him and it grounds him. Castiel kisses down his neck and his shoulder and Dean is
“I was just thinking about you and he is well, a big part of your life-”
Something is changing between them or it already has, Castiel can’t tell and he doesn't think he minds.
On Friday Dean walks into the literature hall, with five minutes to spare, he sits in his usual seat on the third row and gets his things out. They finished Steppenwolf and they are starting the Stranger by Camus this week. He is kind of dreading it. He was able to find a second hand copy of the book and read a bit yesterday. He isn’t sure he likes Camus way of writing.
“You can start at the beginning” she tells him softly.
“No” Hannah responds turning the camera off. “Inias went downstairs to question the receptionists from last night”
“Good night” He says to Hannah. “Don't stay past midnight” He indicates at the clock on the wall that shows almost five minutes to midnight.
“Ash is great if you want to solve an algebraic equation, not mixing drinks and we agreed you’d help me since Benny is on leave.” Dean gives the guy his drink with a smile and a nod and turns his attention back to her.
“You” he says, “and Sam. Mostly you”
“Yeah” he sighs, his eyes narrow at the headache forming at the front of his head. He leans against the door, breathing slowly.
“The misty eyes”
“So, how are you?” he asks them hands clasped on top of the table, when they don’t say anything.
“You can go home”. He tells her stopping outside of his office door almost across from her desk. She looks up giving him a small tired smile.
“Incorrigible” Novak mutters, and Dean can’t help but chuckle.
“Dad” they both turn towards the stairs as a girl with long blonde hair comes running down. “I-” she starts and then stops staring at Dean with big round eyes almost as blue as her fathers.
“You borrowing that?” Lily asks him, pen in her hand. He blinks at her and after a beat, he shakes his head.
Dean raises his brows at him. “Fine, but I want to watch The Blue Room” Cas tells him.
“Fuck, ugh fuck” he says hitting that spot every other thrust and Castile starts jerking his cock.
He doesn't turn around to look, though he wants to. Needs to make sure no one is there. He fumbles with the lock at the front door, hands trembling. He can’t get the key in and he almost loses it right there. But he can’t, he needs- he needs to get inside.
He moves in the front and comes face to face with a blonde guy and blue eyes, who gives him a lazy smile. His tag writes Benny.
It’s silent after that, both of them relaxing as they sip their coffees, either looking at each other and pretending no to, or outside. It’s the first week of October and it finally feels like autumn has come. The sky is grey and the temperature has dropped and the trees are losing their leaves. Dean likes this weather but hates it when it gets windy. He remembers his mom and how they would rake the leaves in the yard at home, well she did, Dean just fell dramatically on the piles. And if he concentrates hard enough he can hear her laugh.
Castiel sighs, maybe more dramatically than he intended and presses his lips together. He knows he can’t avoid this forever, it’s why after cancelling Monday’s session, he called on Tuesday and arranged one for Friday. Part of him wanted to get it off his chest, this doesn't mean he is comfortable about discussing it, at least not entirely.
“But-”
The first finger always feels odd to Dean, wet and slippery and it takes a few minutes to get used to it. Cas watches him closely, kissing him and running his hand over his side and then his nipples and smirks when he finds how sensitive Dean is and uses it to his advantage.
“It’s Saturday tomorrow, Jo, you know how it gets.”
They wait for half an hour. Then an hour. When it rolls into three they all get up, Sam and Jack go to the kitchen and Dean to his room.
“And what do you want from me?”
“Oh” he says and then asks “You sure she will have the time though?”
A man, three tables down, that is staring at Dean with wide eyes and then notices Castiel looking at him and looks down at his phone. Castiel noticed another cup on the other side of the table, along with a jacket on the chair opposite of him and raises his eyebrows, before turning around to look at Dean.
“But yeah, well I am” It comes of more defensively than he would like and he resists folding his arms in front of him, instead he plays with a fry in his plate, leveling Castiel with a look.
He doesn’t talk about it with Dean, but Dean knows he talks about
He wonders for a few seconds, that's how much he allows himself on that topic, if things were different, if
It spills out in an ugly speech, with barely contained fury, and half-finished sentences, but it’s good to share it with someone. Means Dean has a place that he can go insane with it all. And he goes insane from the want, his mind running with thoughts and images until it becomes a jammed mess; he just wants to touch, just once or always. Still, if that was entirely what he desired, all they’ve done, would have somewhat satisfied him, instead of intensifying everything. And his is so confused in his want, so alone. But he knows where Castiel comes from, how different they are, there is an unbridgeable distance between them. Plus, the guy has a kid, and it’s so complicated, yet all these don’t stop Dean from wanting him. Enough to admit it to someone else. Enough for him to keep revisiting that part in his brain, the stupid one, that hoped he could have something more than meaningless sex. Guess he was wrong about that too.
“Have fun” Castiel repeats turning around and staring right at Dean. “Are you coming?”
“You know how this works Castiel” Crowley continues smiling at him. “Anyway. Is he hot?”
Castiel doesn’t look at him once, doesn’t address him in class, doesn’t even glance at him and it drives Dean up to a wall. He thinks he is going to go mad; he barely can stop himself from fidgeting all through the lecture. He hates this, he hates him and he hates everything. He hates feeling like he needs to punch something or scream until his lungs bleed and his voice is gone. He hates that he hoped, that he cannot blame him for anything not really.
“Don't- Don't patronize me”
Cas laughs softly, “Well, you are on her bed” Dean smiles at him even if Cas cant see him. He feels Carmen put one leg on his stomach and now he is prepared for the pressure and discomfort, then she settles on his chest. What he is not prepared of is the lick she gives him on his nose.
with your thoughts. That way they won’t… scare you, and your writing will be natural and not stale. To the reader you appear detached from what you are trying to convey”
. It’s just something that is his, entirely, he does by and for himself. He feels a little selfish, having that thought, but it doesn't bother him much. Besides he is going to tell Sam eventually.
She begins writing but after a minute she stops when he hasn’t moved. “Dean?”
Twenty four hours later, when Dean is on the phone with Aphrodite in the middle of ripping her a new one, they hear the Bunker door open, Sam has already his gun out and getting up from his seat.
He is interrupted by his phone ringing (which Dean is kind of glad about it he doesn't think he wants to know the end of that sentence), and he reaches for it, his face turning hard and his lips turning downwards reading the screen.
“It’s fine, I get it” Sam replies, and Castiel turns to look at him and it’s both a blessing and a curse for Dean. “This is my brother Dean” Sam adds and motions with his head.
He finds himself on his back with Castiel on top of him and he touches as much of him as he can, before he starts moving his hips earning a stutter from Castiel and Dean’s eyes flatter.
“I don't think he wants to get to know me” he finally says. And it’s not like I can contact him, he thinks.
“You know, sometimes I miss working with you” she says quietly and looking up at him with a soft smile.
“It won’t happen again” he says flatly, leaning against the sink, he watches as she lets out a sigh and relaxes her shoulders.
“My dad” comes the explanation from behind him and Dean turns his head to look at Cas. He looks at Dean with an unreadable expression on his face, before he goes into the kitchen again. There isn’t one with his mum and Dean doesn't ask, family can be a sore subject, he knows better than most.
“I hate her voice.” Dean sighs in fake annoyance, feeling a little better since dawn. “I’m going to drive us to Sara’s house, ok? Quit worrying.”
He takes a steadying breath through his nose, out from his mouth and lifts his hand and changes the station. It’s some local talk show.
So, here is an extra-long chapter. It was really difficult writing Castiels’ part, especially with him taking another step to overcome his grief and I hope I’ve done an adequate job. Hope you enjoyed and thank you for reading
“You” Novak says and Dean looks up and straight at him.
Eventually, Dean looks up and says in a soft voice. “Hey, I have to go”
“Yale” Dean repeats dumbly. God, what is he doing here?
Cas shoots him a glare “I just never, felt like decorating the living room,” Dean raises his eyebrows, “or the dining room, or… much of the house. The office is full though” he sounds defeated and there is s certain kind of longing in his voice, that Dean doesn't necessarily understand, but it’s fine. He softens.
“Don't be. I know Dr Moseley and she is really nice and open woman”
He is being stupid, which is why he takes a bigger than necessary bite of his piece and turns his head away from Cas who, has moved the chair from behind the desk and in front of Dean, only a stool with the almost finished pizza placed on top of it, separating them.  He is laughing and he is relaxed and beautiful and Dean is helpless, not that he wants to be helped. He is in a dangerous territory, he knows, these things for people like him don't work out. But he wants this, wants Cas more than anything.
“Nothing I… it’s nothing” he replays shaking his head slightly, as if to clear it and goes back to eating.
They were at the library, when Dean had said something about Sam and law school and they talked about the D.A., when Cas mentioned him. Dean had never saw him look like that, so sad and
He flicks his wrist in a way too familiar way and Toms’ hips move trying to match his rhythm. Dean kisses his neck and with his free hand reaches for the bottle of lube, opens it and coats two of his fingers and pushes them into himself. He is already loose from before, but he doesn't think about that, instead he works up a third finger and then a fourth. Ignoring the hungry look Tom gives him and the hands on him.
He glances at his hands and up again and finds blue studying him, because he can’t fathom the other thing he sees there. He swallows, but doesn't look away, his lips part softly and watches as Novak watches him. He has lost his suit jacket and is just with his white shirt, tie askew as always, and Dean for some reason imagines him with his sleeves rolled to his elbows and licks his lips at the image.  Novaks’ eyes fall to the motion and Dean can see his jaw clench. Then his gaze falls to his lips and he takes a deep breath. He sees as Novaks’ lips raise in a slight smirk. The bastard.
“Ok” she says, thoughtfully “Can I wake Sebastian?”
Dean stares at him dumbly, sandwich halfway to his mouth. “What?” he asks, lowering his hand. They are at Bobby’s office, where he called to talk to him about a client.
“One day, I was at the club without him, just getting a drink and I talked with Hannah. She was there like me just getting a drink. I had seen her before a few times.” He takes a shuddering breath trying to calm himself, stop his voice from wavering, “Had exchanged a few words, nothing much. At one point she mentioned how she never thought she’d be at a club again. I asked her what she meant and she said-, god Cas it was like me. Well she didn't give many details but it
"We missed you, especially Eileen"
“Sam” he says feeling his patience slip with each syllable “Everything is fine and I don't need you to come see me.”
“It’s not- I’m-” he sighs, closing his eyes, annoyed at himself, Dean realizes. It’s the first time he’s seen the man lose his words. “You have bright thoughts Dean, you don't need to be scared of them or keep them hidden, once you are past that, you’ll do great”
Castiel looks behind him at the tables, it’s not very crowded for a Friday and he is glad about that. He doesn't like places where a lot of people are, it makes him feel like he is in a cage, or really back at his parents house, which is why he always sits next to a window if he can help it.
and Dean feels like a stranger. The last one is Cas with an older man that has similar eyes as him, but not as blue as his. He doesn't think anyone has Cas’ eyes.
“She is worried, you know with everything that has been going on. She has been taking people off the streets” Dean must be making a face because Cas adds defensively “Well, you didn't protest. She cares you know?”
“I’m Dean” he says even though he knows, Gabriel remembers his name from when they first met.
“You fight as long as you can and as hard as you can” he says and shrugs, not that he plans to die, not any time soon. At least not until Sam finishes law school, he needs to help him.
It’s a tense few seconds, until Sam says, “Dean-”
Jack is doing well, better than either brother expected adjusting to being human. He is his usual eager, blunt, ball of sunshine self. He does deem a little bit at times and they both know it’s because he misses Cas.
“You are working today?”
“Professor” Novak raises his eyes and find hers, nodding in acknowledgement, “Next semester we are supposed to do poetry, right?” Novak gives her another nod, brows furrowing, head tilting just so.
Castiel looks tired, his back stiff and his shoulders slumped. It makes Dean want to get up and ask him what’s wrong, maybe touch his shoulder.
“I’m ok, go” Castiel looks like he is about to say something but doesn’t, and disappears in the hallway.
He reaches and turns the radio on, turning the volume down so it is a low murmur in the background, and his eyes fall to that damn paper that hasn't left his mind since this afternoon.
“I didn't- I wasn't allowed to do anything that I liked when I was a kid either” he grips the mug a little tighter and stares at Cas’ eyes and finds an understanding he hasn't found before; even though their upbringings are vastly different, there are things between them, things they both feel and have experienced, that are so similar even if the circumstances were different.
“I suppose” he answers eventually, voice a little strained.
The elevator is crowded as per usual and Dean is suffocating by the time he reaches his floor. It’s quitter than the other floors, since it is just the literature staff offices and Dean doesn't know if he is too nervous and he can’t tell how he feels anymore or he is just calm all of a sudden. Has no idea where to go either, but he sees a man walking  across the hall and after a thought stops him to asks where to find Novak’s office. He is British and speaks in a plummy voice, that Dean hates and points him towards where he needs to go.
“What do you think?” he asks, closing the fridge.
“What are you reading?” he asks curiously, glancing at the open book on the table. Dean looks down at the book and then up at him. He looks almost embarrassed, bashful.
“You know each other?” Anna asks.
The mortician a woman named Natasha, who keeps flirting with Sam, – Dean thinks she even winked at him when Dean was looking at the body – is probably one of the friendliest people Dean has ever met. And the fact that she gets straight to the point and doesn’t show off, as most tend morticians do, earns her a huge plus.
Dean swallows and takes a step backwards and then another and another. He stares at Cas for a moment longer before turning around and heading towards the door. He stops by the entrance to put on his shoes and jacket and then he gets out, closing the door with a soft sound.
This is all so stupid is just a fucking scar.
It takes Dean a moment to figure out who Mia is and when he does he straightens up in his chair, his muscles going rigid. “Fuck no.”
Dean watches as the dog runs towards it and shuts his eyes groaning, because he forgot the tugging rope. Again.
Castiel looks at him startled not expecting that.
He reaches the third floor where the homicides and drug enforcement departments were. The floor is mostly empty apart from a few people who are gathering their stuff or working. He walks towards his office, seeing Hannah still at her desk writing, probably her report.
He turns to look at Hannah, who is looking at him amused and he scowls at her.
She sighs, throwing her hair over her shoulder, and turning to look at him.
"I'm sorry"
“It’s fine” he shouts, going to his room to get dressed. He lets out a sigh and wills himself to calm down, it’s not like it is a big deal. Except it is, because Dean let his professor-
“I- You know what it means to him. To both of us”
“Not the way most think” Castiel responds and Victor huffs a laugh at that.
He grits his teeth, glancing to the side and back at the other man. He knows he is right; he is not in a good state to drive, not that he hasn’t driven in worse . Everything is sort of boiling over, getting too much and the last thing he wants is something happening to Sam and him not being there.
Dean would be 175 today, if they kept calendars in heaven, similarly with earth. As it is, time works differently here, although they do celebrate birthdays and anniversaries but in a different time frame.
“Two more men have died.”
Right, that. Dean swallows and pushes down the dread that wants to fill his chest and asks in a careful voice. “So, what’s wrong?”
He hears Cas chuckle and he scowls. Then Cas shifts so they touch, his hand coming around to hug Dean, who lets out a barely audible content sigh, leaning his weight against Cas.
They eat and talk about music and movies and books and all the stuff they usually talk about. And Dean is so high and light and confused at the end that doesn't even care about the stupid smile that has on his face as Cas drops him at the library in the afternoon.
“Yes, I’m afraid there is not really any progress”
He places his hands on the other man’s thighs and nudges them just a little bit more apart, enough so he can fit comfortably between them. He feels as Castiel stills and he waits there, breathing heavily through the scent of musk and something that is so distinctive of Castiel that he is getting drunk and mad from want but he is going to wait. He feels him relax and then he slowly drags his tongue from the base to the tip, making goosebumps erupt in his body and he suppresses a shudder; the taste is good in his tongue, full, just a touch too salty.
“Hello, Dean” He says, with that deep voice and Dean suppresses a shiver. He tilts his head to the side, and it unnerves him a little.
Sam sighs and looks back at his screen.
They get undressed, almost methodically and Dean looks at him in that way they all like, as if he has been waiting for that moment all week.
“Yes, well, good job” Dean says sarcastically, “Don’t you think that will be on your record? That universities won’t see it?”
"Yes" Cas says, voice muffled. "We are still going to spend eternity together"
“Yes,” he responds sighing deeply, making Dean pause the episode and look at him. His slumped on the armchair, and has a frown on his face, eyes tired.
“Bye” he shouts as he passes the living room, and hears Sam’s reply just before he closes the door and he mutters, “bitch” with a small smile.
“Oh, come on. Don’t be like that Ash is great”
Except he can’t, because there is Dean, tall and sleepy and soft and beautiful and Castiel can feel his throat closing up. When his eyes fall on Castiel, he looks a little surprised, as if he wasn't expecting him to be here, and grins at him, not looking anymore wake than before, but Castiel certainly is. He heart is drumming in his chest for an entirely different reason than before and he swallows with difficult, trying to collect himself.
Sam looks from Dean to the phone frowning, his face pinching in confusion. He closes the call and waits for Dean to explain trying to make his expression as open and inviting as possible.
“Really? You can’t keep it in your pants for more than five minutes?”
Sitting down was a bad idea.
“Yes, but we are not” he stops, trying to formulate exactly what he wants to say. “He panicked and I didn't know what to do, so I just let him do what he wanted. And” he adds seeing Crowley getting ready to speak. “I know he has his reasons, that it’s not easy for him either.”
“Go serve a table”
“I’m not judging you. I’ve never judged you” Castiel says softly and Dean looks down at the table, his shoulders dropping and he takes a deep breath.
And he has seen the festival, he passes it every time he walks out of the motel. The lights, the carols, the people, it’s all there in a glistering red and gold bow. He is not going to set his foot in there.
“Yes” Dean finds himself saying, before he can think about it. This is a bad idea. This is a horrible idea. He should say no and leave. But then he looks into Castiels’ eyes and thinks that out of all the bad ideas he has ever had, this is the best and worst at the same time.
“Come here” he says in a gravelly voice, that does nothing to calm Dean who complies and now he is hovering above him. Castiel raises a hand, taking the side of his face onto his hand, and Dean is embarrassed to find he can’t help but press into it, and runs it across Dean’s lower lip, making his breath hitch.
“What happened?”
“I know”
They drive in silence, Pink Floyd playing in the background quietly, the only thing interrupting is Castiel telling him where to take a turn. He parks outside the shop and Castiel asks him if he minds coming with him, since he has to wear the suit one final time and Dean, despite knowing that it’s not a good idea, says yes. It’s how he finds himself sitting in a plush chair, while a someone is choosing a suit for another wedding on his right and a sales assistant,
“We met at a coffee shop.” Castiel responds and Dean looks at his lap, picking at his shirt.
“You don't sound concerned about the situation” he says in a conversational tone, but Dean picks up on the implication.
“You’ll do great” Dean says with confidence. “You are both like super smart”
“’evening. So, what is it?”
“I-” Sam starts and turns to look at him and scowls at him, “Really Dean? How many times do I have to tell you not to walk around in your boxers?”
He get settled on his usual table by the corner, opens his laptop and starts reading.
He opens the door with a resolve he didn't know he had and sees Tom turn his face towards him. He is shirtless laying on the bed and when he sees Dean, he gives him one of his half smiles half smirks. Dean throws him a grin in reply, rolling his shoulders and closeing the door behind him.
“Asshole” he mumbles and Cas laughs. “Shut up”
He rolls his shoulders trying to ease the tension in his back and rests his elbows on his knees, bowing his head. God, when is he going to go in? He already knows what extra classes he is going to enrol in. Introducing to social sciences, French, because he needs a stupid foreign language as well and he is not taking Spanish or German, and lastly from Egyptian to Byzantine art, because the other options are an absolute no. Finally, after what seem like hours, the door on his left opens and a girl comes out flashing him a smile and he returns it.
“The man without qualities” He clears his throat and rubs the back of his neck, sitting straighter on his chair.
just a werewolf?” he sure hopes it is.
“It’s not like he left forever. It’s just for five days,” he tells him, although he isn’t sure it is entirely directed to Oli, “He is coming back on Wednesday.”
They find a table by the windows, by some miracle because there are people everywhere – apparently Jim Thorpe is tourist town in December, who would have known? – and eat their food like usual. It’s a little too usual for Dean’s liking, as if Sam is trying too hard not to appear as disquiet as he clearly is. And both of them acting like Sam did not face time Eileen when Dean was talking with the next door neighbor, who thought she saw someone entering the house when the murder happened. And they both pretend that Sam wasn’t adamant not to leave Dean alone with Violet.
Dean kisses him again, and moves backwards towards his bedroom, with Cas attached to him and Dean is surprised with how they haven’t fall yet. They do stop before the bed though, because Dean needs to put the laptop in his nightstand and the pizza box on the floor.
– on the second week of them tip toeing around each other that Cas is in a similar situation as him. A big part of him wants Cas to be like this, relishes on the idea that he might be like this, just on the tip on, on the verge. That he wants this so much, so much that it fills him up, that he thinks about it all the time, that it stays there just beneath the surface, a small constant hum under his skin even when he is focused on other stuff. That the want in itself sates the want, because it’s too much, too big, too
When she is about to say something he continues, “I- My-” his voice flatters and he swallows. He watches as understanding comes to her and she softens.
He moves a bit in his seat, the silence is eating him, it’s almost as bad as when he had the radio on. He never had a problem with silence, he always enjoyed it. Growing up in a house with Gabriel, was chaotic, so when he had a few moments of silence he soaked in it. Now though, it was like the first week after what happened. A deafening silence, that sat in every corner as if it was taunting him. He was suddenly so alone and couldn't do anything, couldn't have done anything. Not that he could have prevented that man in the hotel room from being killed, he knew that, it was just the shadow of something else.
day?” he gives him that hopeful excited look, like all the times when he asks him about his day at university and Dean can’t help but feel that pressure in his chest and dread, that he might disappoint him.
.” Cas emphasizes, like he knows what Dean is thinking. “You are such a great person, Dean.”
He can see the myriads of questions forming behind Castile’s eyes, but thankfully he doesn’t voice any of them.
“Want to talk about it?”
They end up talking about the free clinic and Castiel finds himself excited about the idea. It’s something the city definitely needs and something about the fact that there are people out there that do something like that, makes him feel good and hopeful.
Castiel’s eyes widen, but he is still a bit confused, then his expression changes to one of irritation. That doesn't mean he is not allowed to read, everyone is allowed to read. He has a feeling though, this doesn't just stem from him being a prostitute. He thinks that if he tells Dean that, he will scare him of and probably get yelled at. He sighs softly, feeling the heavy atmosphere settling around them.
He goes back to the kitchen and adds sugar and milk to the thermos and soon enough he hears Oli come into the kitchen. He looks up as he stands next to him waiting and Dean smiles at him softly.
“Yeah ok they are pretty good, but still Ellens’ are better” They are not, Dean is pretty sure this is the best thing he ever tasted, but he isn’t going to admit it, not after his argument in the car. Castiel shakes his head at him, looking at Dean like he knows he is lying, the asshole, and starts eating.
Sam voice has lost its excitement and its more defensive and Dean knows that he owes the kid an explanation, but he can’t bring himself to do it. And where the fuck does, he start.
“I know it’s stupid” he runs a hand down his face and looks up at the older man. “I’m stupid”
Dean opens his mouth to say something and closes it.
“Chuck” Novak nods and walks to his desk. Dean glances at him and their eyes meet, and he loses a breath and a heartbeat.
He almost tells Sam on Sunday night, when they are sitting in the living about to re-watch Iron man 3, but the movie starts and he doesn't say anything. The words have died in his mouth anyways and Sam has to worry about college applications, he doesn't need this.
Novak stares at him mutely for a moment longer before asking “What about your essay?”
“Ok” he says dragging the word and crossing his arms in front of his chest.
“She likes challenges” Dean says smiling softly thinking of her.
That night a thought that hasn’t come to him in years, returns. How Cas rebuilt him. Atom to atom. How he held his soul in his hands and stitched him back together.
“I’m sorry but, Harry called said it’s urgent to meet him in his office for the Johnson case”
“Hello” he says with a lazy smile; his eyes say that he recognises Dean as well.
“Good, because we arrived with his and you know how he gets” She says shaking her head and smiling. Castiel just huffs a laugh and gets into the car.
“I can” he says, it comes out more quietly than he intended and he swallows, shifting, feeling his cheeks warming. He is an idiot and this is going to hurt so much.
Anna gives him a big smile and walks to her car, parked a few spaces away. He gets in his and pulls out, waiting for Anna to go in front of him and follows her out of the parking lot and into the street.
“Dean.” He flinches when he hears his name like that, his chest tightens and his face heats, embarrassed but he needs to know.
He watches as Cas opens his mouth and then close it.
“Dean, man, you are-” he stops, thinking of a better way to phrase it. Dean almost tells him it doesn’t matter, that no matter how he says it, it’ll be the same. Instead, he just watches as Sam furrows his brows and thinks over what to say.
The thing with Cas is that silences have meanings, meanings Dean didn't think they had before and it scares him, probably not as much as it should. But they also make him feel like he, like he belongs, even the tense and angry ones. It’s a strange feeling, one Dean isn’t sure if he will ever get used to. Maybe in time.
"Dean"
“Apologies” he says with indifference and walks towards Dean, making him shift his eyes and start picking on the blanket.
Dean presses his lips in a tight line and doesn't say anything to that, it brings up a lot of
He reaches for his bottle of shampoo and starts massaging his scalp. At least that seems to help him, the air in his lungs doesn’t feel as full and heavy as it did before, it still burns but it’s better or he just has gotten used to it. When he rinses it off, the water on his skin is more bearable, doesn’t feel like needles piercing his skin and he stays underneath the spray for a little longer.
He mechanically reaches with his left arm for his alarm clock, but all he feels is the wood of the bedside table. He frowns and searches blind for a few more seconds, mostly because there is nothing on the table which is strange, because there is always at least a stuck of books there, along with various other objects.
“Hurt him and I’ll hunt you down”
“Dean” he says and the guy, Andy, smiles at him, teeth showing now and he mirrors it, before taking a sip of his beer for lack of anything else and holds back the grimace this time. Maybe he should order another one.
“How was
good, Dean can practically feel them in his back and gripping his hips and he swallows, shifting. He drops his eyes and takes a steadying breath, there is heat gathering at his lower stomach. He needs to stop now, before it gets bad.
He remembers how he was at her age, thought he could rebuild the world in the corner of his mind; drive around, save a few people, go from to bed to bed. He sounds stupid in his head now, knows he was scared underneath all those layers; a bundle of nerves barely hanging on, still is for different reasons. Hard, but caring around loses.
“Maybe he is right” Castiel says defensively. “Maybe I, maybe we”
A sob wrenches out of him. It’s loud and uncontrolled and he heaves through the tears. His whole body rocking with it.
“Oh. Are there more?”
He talks with Sam and that helps him a bit, at least the kid is doing great and he finally asked Jessica out. He tried to ask about Deans’ love life, but what he got was a “mind your own fucking business”, which in hindsight it was more incriminating, but Dean can’t bring himself to care anymore. Truth is he wants to tell Sam, but he doesn't know from where to grab it, it slips through his fingers every time. And it’s not like he can tell him that he wants a detective who is looking for someone who is killing prostitutes, that he met one time while he was on the job. Or maybe he can, but he can’t bear the disappointment and disgust from Sam.
On Tuesdays he has finance fundamentals with Zachariah Adler, which is as boring as the man teaching it and Dean feels like bashing his head against the desk and it hasn't been two months yet. Then he has intro to economics and management. He finished the essay on Monday night, a week early and he will go over it again tonight, before submitting it.
“What I said” he says, in a gruff mumble with an awkward lift of his shoulders supposed to be a shrug.
“Say hi for me to your boy. See you later. I have a drug dealer to track.” she turns and leaves, waving and if it were a different situation, Castiel might have laughed at the way she did it, so theatrically.
He is standing at the porch of his house drinking beer. There is a gentle breeze in the air. It's quite, save from the birds. He takes measured deep breaths, staring at the still water of the lake in front of him. It's calm. And lonely.
“After Ares died I just don’t-”
“Do you know who brought this?” he asks, his mouth feels weird as it shapes around the words, his voice low. His hands shake slightly and he tries to control it.
Dean scowls at him and rolls his eyes, when he looks back at Novak, annoyed at all this – something at the back of his mind tells him he is being unreasonable but he ignores it – and tells him, challenging and with half a mind thinking that he is crossing a line “Really? And how would you know? Maybe that's all there is” he gestures towards the laptop, still in front of Novak, who presses his lips together displeasure in his face, but his eyes are sharp and determined when Dean looks into them.
“I just thought you’d be happy” he says at last, his voice lost and Dean can imagine him making his stupid puppy eyes and ugh-
Castiel runs his hand through his hair, messing it more and gets up from his chair and out of his office. He sees Hannah typing something on her computer and Inias re-watching the video tapes.
He has been studying for almost two and a half hours when he stops to take a break, and it’s just his luck that when he looks around, he spots Castiel at the counter waiting for his coffee. He is dressed in slacks and that trench coat, with his black laptop bag hanging on his shoulder, like always. Dean stares at his profile, heart racing, throat tight. Then Castiel turns and he looks right at him. Startled for a moment before he seems to think something over and turns around saying something to the guy at the bar who glances at Dean and back at Castiel nodding.
“Morning. Your usual?” Benny asks Castiel looking amused.
“You don't have to; I know a thing or two about dads”
He washes quickly, grabbing a towel and stepping out. Sam’s back, laptop open and coffee cups on the table in front of him.
Twenty four hours later Michael teleports to their room and announces he believes it is a pagan god. The energy matches and he has felt a similar curse some time ago. Some time ago for Michael is apparently around 400 to 300 BC, so they start research on them. It means that they are buried in even more books and more notes and Eric Jonas dies.
“I-” he take a breath, “ok”
“Well,” He shrugs looking away from her taking his glass into his hand and raising to his lips.
He licks his lips, shuffling closer, his thigh touches Cas's knee.
They both don't make any move to leave the car, both frozen in their seats. It’s tense and awkward. Cas shifts in his seat and turns the engine off. He opens his mouth and closes it, he turns and looks at Dean helplessly.
He hears rustling coming from the bed and freezes. When he doesn't get any indication that Dean has waken, he spares him a glance and continues to search for something to wear.
Dean gives him a big smile. “Hell yeah”
“Do you understand?” It’s loud enough to touch the fury in his head, loud enough that the man behind her glances at him worriedly, but Dean ignores him.
“Hey” Dean tells him and shifts the pillows behind him, resting his back against them.
the eye roll following the sentence.
He blurrily looks at the other bed.
. He doesn't say it, but he knows Anna can hear it.
“You have found others, you will find him too” he says with much more conviction in his voice.
“Did he not answer?” she asks him going behind her desk and puts the paper in a drawer. “He does that sometimes, he probably didn't hear the knock, just knock again”
Castiel shoots him a look and Dean shifts in his seat bashfully, “Well, Sam can look it for you, though knowing Balthazar,” Dean raises his brows at that, “everything should be fine. He is a friend.” he adds and it’s his turn to shrug, taking a sip from his latte.
The other man huffs a laugh at that, and looks at him fondly and Dean doesn't know what to do with that, thankfully Cas starts talking, saving him from saying something ridiculous.
The two people in front of him finally finish their order and he walks up to the guy, Benny, he is surprised he remembers his name.
And then Cas, reaches between then and starts jacking him off, his lips against his collarbone hot and wet and forming words, Dean is pretty sure some of them are Enochian. Then he leans down and says steadily next to Dean’s ear, “It’s ok, you can let go. I’ve got you.”
Dean had avoided that area of the Bunker since
He exits the library and feels the cold air of October hit him and thinks he should have brought the jacket, but he can’t bring himself to wear that thing, so cold it is. Well, until he can’t afford to not wear it, not that it’s particularly helpful in December or January, still it’s an extra layer.
“Honestly, Dean” Dean can
“Jesus, do you always walk so fast?” Dean grumbles next to him and Castiel can hear the stiffness in his voice, though is carefully concealed under false irritation. Castiel just shrugs walking down the steps and he can practically hear Dean rolling his eyes.
“Panicked?” he probes, studying him.
“Could you please close the door? Carmen likes to wonder off and-” Cas says, startling Dean and then stops turning around looking at Dean, titling his head. “You don't mind cats, do you?”
Dean shifts in his seat under the intensity of the words and the eyes. Part of him wants to scoff and roll his eyes, and another part wants to believe him, and then he almost snorts in laughter, here he is with a stranger who’s trying to reassure Dean that he can run a bar. He glances at him and finds him studying him, his head slightly titled and Dean can’t help but giving him a barely there smile and despite himself says.
And Dean is so surprised he just croaks “What?”
"I-" he sucks in a breath as Cas walks to stand directly beside him. His right hand coming up to touch the side of his face. It's warm and big and something swells in Dean's chest, bursts and spills over so much euphoria, so much goodness, so much love. He can barely breath through it.
