“Hey, I didn’t know about the bug thing until he explained it to me when asking if he can keep ants in the house,” Sam said defensively.
“Howard, don’t be ridiculous.” Maria would try to stop the fights, despite her low record of success. Tony privately thought she chose to live in the countryside in order to force Howard to commute away from her and Tony for his work. She didn’t smile much in general when he wasn’t around, but she certainly never smiled at all when he was. After her death, all agreed she had been weary beyond her relative youth for too long a time.
“I love you more than Dummy loves destruction,” Tony countered, and now Steve was laughing helplessly.
Peggy had reached out to Steve before they left, admitting that she had heard of his actions defending veterans, and they had a lovely talk while Tony was still reluctantly displaying his creations. (Jarvis had to admire Tony’s instincts, even if informed by envy, as he was almost never unenthused when showing what he was really proud of.) The two started sending letters, and she was always with Tiberius whenever he came with some absurd idea or request.
Rather than muse on how he made that major oversight any longer, Scott quickly summoned his ants, and a flood of them rapidly appeared in the gym from every crack in the room.
“I get it, makes sense. You know, maybe I should stick around for a while, until everything gets settled here and the questions around Lagos have died down. Scott is already facing scrutiny and Rumlow will be a nightmare to handle, administratively.” His phrasing and tone were casual when he voiced the suggestion, but even from his place tucked by the counters, Scott could see the tension in the man’s shoulders.
When he went silent Tony just got more agitated, because Bucky wasn’t stupid, and Tony could recognize when he was about to be smug.  He. The man had a tendency to dramatically announce whatever brilliant thing he just discovered or realized as soon as it came to mind, and it drove Tony mad.  (Both men denied being capable of just as much smugness as the other when Steve or Rhodey tried to bring it up.)
“Nicely done, Scott.” Steve strode up. “I was worried for a bit during that second bout, but you obviously retreated a bit to mentally regroup. Taking a step back is often the best course of action if you’re making obvious mistakes while battling a specific opponent or if you’re stuck on a specific problem.”
In it, Steve detailed all of things he’d seen and all he had done. Bucky and he had taken a ship to the new land, and he had seen approximately 30 things he would have like to have shown Tony to get a smile out of him. Oh, and he loved Tony. The ship had a cat that reminded him of Dummy, please give Dummy a carrot for him, oh, and he loved Tony. Bucky said this funny thing, and he loved Tony.
“We have a shared schedule that Friday manages for us,” Natasha interjected. “If you tell her to, she can add your plans to it to keep everyone updated as well.”
The lights in the gym went back on and Tony took of his sunglasses to meet Scott’s eyes. “I always knew you’d be an asset.”
The Chinese food restaurant the group almost always orders from has an ad that says they regularly deliver to the Avengers, but no one believes them because at least 5 other restaurants claim the same thing. This restaurant has a specific delivery boy for delivering the orders to the Avengers, and as such, has seen more of the Avengers compound then most people in the government.
A day long after Anthony will have died, the most brilliant human on the planet will be a lady called Lunella, who had matched wits with the masters and befriended an extinct lizard. She had mastered the physical form, changed mechanical engineering as a science, and figured out how to switch and meld minds with those different from her, all while still a child. Her endless intellect was matched by her genuine kindness.
“The Avengers lucked out with you,” Hope commented and Scott took that for the high praise it was, considering the Pyms were not inclined to plainspoken affirmation.
“I think I’ll object to you using his record as a reason not to let him join,” Steve said bemusedly. “Especially if he’s as impressive an individual as you seem to think he is.”
“And here I thought they were here for the melons,” Tony turned to whisper to Jarvis and Steve, but stopped short when he saw Steve looking at Peggy. He had a gentle smile, and returned Peggy’s acknowledging nod. Steve was pleased by this lady who seemed kind to Tony and exasperated with selfish nobles, but the specific smile Tony thought was for her was still lingering from their conversation and from Tony’s mere presence beside him.
For breakfast, I imagine everyone fends for themselves whenever they wake up, unless there had been a late night the day before. As in a REALLY late night, where they drink till 4 am or where a bunch of them couldn’t sleep. After those nights, Steve cooks because he doesn’t sleep much anyways, and doesn’t get drunk. His blueberry pancakes are good for the soul.
For example, one spring day, hardly remarkable in any way, including in how much alcohol Howard had downed, Howard slurred, “Why don’t you work like him, Tony? Maybe I should leave the boy my workshop and lands in my will, rather than leave it all to you.”
Steve slowly sat next to the orphan. “Not really. But you… Learn to live around it. It always feels like a piece of you is gone, but it’s like you learn how to breathe around the loss.”
Full disclosure, this hasn't been beta read or anything, but it was burning a hole in my hard drive and I wanted to get it out before I second-guessed it.
Scott barely held himself back from whining at how unfair that was. He’d deny it, but Scott was nosy as all get out. Half of the reasons for why he got into software engineering and then crime was because he didn’t like not knowing what everyone else knew. It got him into trouble, that was for sure, but he also knew a lot of dirty secrets that people would save on their servers, mistakenly thinking it’d be safe from the public's eye. He’d exposed a lot of terrible people that way, and made a lot of enemies. Scott had actually tried to hack into the Stark Industries servers a few times, back before Stark has stopped weapons productions in the company. He had seen some suspicious links between SI and some unsavory company accounts, but the servers were phenomenally well-defended. He had only managed to hack some servers, and it wasn't until SHIELD’s files were released that Scott found the files on Obadiah Stane and the double-dealing. He was one of the people who personally made sure those files caught the public’s eye.
Scott grunted to acknowledge the point, and almost laughed delightedly when he reached one of the platforms high above the ground. Then the tightrope appeared and he vaguely wanted to cry.
The honorific was tacked on, and she felt her lips twitch into a smile. “Call me Peggy, please. I tend to find that affairs such as this are a group affair, and your farm has grown considerably in both fame and production these past few years. Can you grant us insight?”
“Can’t say I’m offended by being called Hercules though. Gotta protect the vulnerable,” Steve mused.
But before Scott divulged anything more, he suddenly remembered Tony’s voice the night before when telling a teammate he knew a lot longer than Scott something in confidence. Scott paused to consider this, and it occurred to him he shouldn't tell his teammate's business rival his relationship status, even if he was fond of her. He knew that he'd never quite learn restraint when it came to scurrying out secrets, but he could choose how he used the info he discovered. Besides, Hope would be rightfully upset if he continued asking her inappropriate questions about her rivals and his new teammates. He’ll just wait to ask Sam later.
Scott looked from his uniform to Natasha’s bright hair and then to the famed Scarlett Witch. “Fitting names.”
“Unless it’s really serious or he’s mad, then it’s ‘Rogers’,” Rhodey joined in, apparently resigned now to his loss. “Why?”
Steve pondered that. “No, tell him to keep holding the fort. Better safe than sorry. I’ll call Tony soon.”
Tony patted him on the shoulder. “Smart kid, and easily done. What do you all say, pose with Scott for his daughter?”
"The Stark Farm? As a full time farm hand?” Boy, was it a lovely thought for Peter. Learn more about engineering from the local celebrity inventor? Leave his town with the bullies and the boredom?
But when the pirates attacked their ship, Steve and Bucky leapt onto their deck, and raised a hell of a diversion. The two had attached ropes to their own crow’s nest to their belts in the hopes it’d help them return to the ships, but Steve’s was severed in the chaos. He destroyed the pirates’ main mast with an explosive he threw together, but before it detonated, he threw the shield to Bucky and pushed them both off deck. The crew of the ex-Hydra ship, now filled with Genoshan forces and other volunteers like Steve and Bucky, caught the man and pulled rapidly away as the pirate ship scrambled to recover from the shock of a sudden explosion.
“Hello there. Are you the owner of this farm?” Tiberius stopped a scant few steps from the porch, but Jarvis remained polite despite the invasion of the farm without warning.
When he returned, his eyes were dry, but bared a sorrow, so great, no words could capture it and no words could soothe it. Grief weighed down his steps, and he looked old beyond his years.
He made it to the building right when Steve crashed through a window, hitting both a wall and the ground painfully hard.
“I was just made C.E.O. of an international corporation being investigated by the U.S. government for illegal testing, terrorist activity, destruction of property, tax evasion, trading with government banned groups… Our domestic assets are largely frozen, our stocks have plummeted, our main HQ was destroyed, and the main project Cross had been funnelling most of our funding into was the exact project we destroyed. We’re not exactly in the most stable place, as a company.”
He was still leaning against a tree just out of sight of Tony’s door, and was unsurprised when Tony snuck out with Dummy and started his usual path to the cliffs. Bucky was resigned to have to try to intercept Tony on foot a ways outside of the farm on his return, when Jarvis appeared holding the reins of one of the family horses.
He’ll deflect, dissemble, baffle, or amuse with ease. He’s charismatic and witty and is sometimes the only person on the team who can deal with the press, even on his worst days and despite his obvious distaste for the media. (Sam doesn’t really think him being able to see that aspect to the guy proves he can read him, everyone knows Tony and the media have a rocky relationship, and Tony’s announced it to the group at large in many colorful and admittedly hilarious ways.) And just when Sam has resigned himself to only seeing the mask Tony uses as skillfully as his suit of armor, Tony will slip and show the Avengers some bit of vulnerability. He’ll stumble into the communal kitchen in the morning, despite the fact he has a private one, after a three day long session in his workshop, and clutch the coffee mug someone hands him like it’s the only thing that can keep him going. He’ll absently rub at the spot his reactor used to be in the dark during movie night. He’ll look at Pepper like she’s his lodestar, the only thing that he knows will lead him home. He’ll go to talk to Jarvis then falter when he remembers the A.I. is gone. Moments like those are when Sam will find himself lost again on what to think of Tony Stark.
Scott would have trained some, especially after being reminded of how taxing these missions would be, but he figured he earned a day off, choosing to instead catch up on the world of computer espionage (just for practice!) in his room.  He had just gleefully planted a virus on Mitch McConnell's work email when he was summoned back to the communal space.
“Of course, Steve. Also, Tony is in the kitchen and ready to chat with all of you, but says you can all change and shower first, according to your preference.”
“At least we can hope that the media will be distracted from researching Scott too much,” Natasha commented.
“I am way too smart and way too busy to put up with your disrespect,” Tony grumbled, but Sam knew the billionaire was grinning too. “I make you a hyper-advanced falcon robot and all you do is try to make it ‘better,’ and yes Wilson, I did add air quotes around better.”
They didn’t return to the farm for a while, but since Steve was leaving at dawn, no one really had to question why.
Steve had his code of ethics, and even in America, they had already heard of what Hydra had done to their own people. The plans they had for Genosha could only be worse, and as such, Steve was going to fight to stop this clear force of evil.
Cassie and him freaked out for a while about how cool it all was before he remembered it wasn't a done deal yet.
“What about?” She gave him an unimpressed look (that always hurt, he wouldn’t lie. Scott used to want to impress her more than anything, and now it took saving Cassie’s and Paxton’s life as a superhero to manage it.)
Everyone's kudos and comments warmed my heart! I hope this official first chapter meets your high expectations!
When the robot was sparking on the ground, Scott swayed a bit and gustily exhaled. “Man, I hate to destroy nice tech.”
Tony’s ears started ringing after that, but he didn’t have to flee until Steve suddenly closed the door.
A few notes about where this story is going: it is definitely a civil-war fix-it fic at its core, but it is also going to be an outsider’s perspective on the Avengers, their dynamics, and the relationships in the group. To truly prevent the civil war rift, which has been delayed for now, Scott is going to have to help put Tony and Steve together. I’m going to try to juggle some fluffier storylines and romantic subplots, while also including a version of the events in the movie, so… wish me luck! If you recognize dialogue or snippets of scenes, I’m including that stuff on purpose. I’ll be rearranging the order of some things and changing when some conversations occur.
This same day, the smartest person on the world was the most trusted advisor to the Attilan royal family, a man named Karnak. He had learned the weaknesses to all things, giving his knowledge to the family of Attilan who recognized both the blessing and the curse to his skills. Because he saw how to overcome any potential defeat, he had figured out how to avoid death, if he pleased. His knowledge made him cold, but never cruel. His strengths taxed him like no other being could, and it was said that he finally knew peace when he allowed death to take him.
Jarvis also insisted Tony take more responsibility in the menial work of running the farm, as while he was instrumental in the tasks and had many chores to keep his inventions in peak condition, he avoided things like salary and restocking. One of Tony’s new tasks was choosing a new hire for the farm, as their workforce was dangerously low without Steve and Bucky's vital help. Over the years, much of the staff left to either start families or retire due to injury, age or failing health. (Tony would give the farm hands a crash course in engineering before they left, then recommending them to his old clients. Many needed skilled people to maintain the machines and ensure they functioned properly.)
“That fits with this group’s style, don’t worry about it,” Steve said kindly, before pointedly looking at the two with a history of talking before Congress.
“You’re gonna have to do some press conferences. The team will be with you for most of them, but defending how they go we may schedule some individual interviews on late night TV or in a paper or something,” Tony said, absently flipping through what seemed like schedules and profiles on his tablet.
“Also, Scott, I don't quite feel right throwing my lot in with theirs right now, especially considering my new position and the questions Dad and I are already dodging.”
“I don't have any excuses, and I don’t need any more lectures, though, wow, Cap, did you suddenly start to care?
Sam swung an arm around Scott’s shoulders before steering him up the stairs. “Just ‘cause the chief has already agreed to make you a member doesn’t mean you get out of our traditions. Like Tasha said, we do have initiations. One being getting your ass kicked at poker by the lovely lady in question.”
Some years earlier, when Tony first engineered the system that would automatically irrigate the Stark fields with water from the nearby lake, Maria insisted they tell the town and get all the people to come see it happen.
“Tony’s nicknames tend to stick, don't they?” Natasha drawled, winking at Scott and causing him to wince with embarrassment once more.
“So now it’s Sam’s turn, right?” Scott turned to where the afore-mentioned hero stood, and was vaguely unnerved by his smirk. He and Natasha were surely bad influences on each other. “Wait, what’s your task?”
Tiberius was delighted by the clear engineering genius who lived out in this countryside, and further buoyed by the fact he was the heir to the very engineer Obadiah was dismayed he could no longer use.
A brief flash of teeth betrayed how pleased she was. “The board didn’t have anyone else they could pretend was even near as suitable for the role as me, and yes, I’d say they were a bit shaken when I started making changes my first day in the role.”
Steve’s smile twisted ruefully as he rearranged all the papers on his desk next to his computer. “Not really, just double-checking some stuff. I still think he’s in Europe, but that’s not much help, so.” Before Sam could say anything encouraging, Steve straightened himself up and once again regarded his friend. “What’s going on with you?”
drinking. Do not- did you just try to steal my wallet, I swear to GOD, Tasha, you corrupt all of your friends and you all already try to bankrupt me weekly. Rhodey, save me!”
Her test had Scott in the center of a holographic crowd of people with three targets he had to locate, all three of whom he only had a few characteristics to identify them by. He had to watch who the targets talked to, where they went, and what slight things changed on their person during the duration of the exercise. The second round increased the difficulty by making half of the qualities he was given beforehand be behavioral traits he would have to wait and observe over time in the exercise. He was on the third installment of the test, and while during the first two rounds he did decently well, the third round had him have to do everything from beforehand, plus had him interact with one of the holograms in a conversation.
Jarvis inclined his head in acknowledgment, and Margaret once more felt herself admiring this strong man who remained unperturbed by the awkward situation he was placed in by nobles with measures far beyond his kin.
“Don’t worry about Happy, he could use some more humor in his life,” Tony said, gleefully and unrepentantly amused.
“Like Peggy will leave the military to join you in Genosha,” Tony tried to say it with a sneer, but he thought it didn’t quite manage to sound anything other than bitterly sad.
The next chapter should be up much faster, seeing as it's going to be about Lagos and is already mostly typed up for me.
Tony brandished a finger in her direction while still mid-retreat. “Exactly, you behemoth, you are not representing the Greek brand correctly, set me
Sam gaped at Scott and faux staggered to Natasha, who easily avoided his attempt to lean on her with a smirk. Steve stepped up instead, laughing as Sam covered his face dramatically. “After all I did for him… He turns on me.”
“Do you really even have to ask?” Tony had apparently recovered from his shock and seemed caught between laughing at Sam and pulling at his hair in exasperation.
“Certainly not because we learned the trait from our shared creator. Also, Mr. Stark, Ms. Potts just sent a reminder that the board wants the new specs on the next generation Starkphone and laptops on Thursday.”
“A bomb?” When Hope seemed surprised, Scott figured he owed her some context, though he also lacked some of his own.
“I can shrink and wait at the station?” Scott offered, but Steve shook his head. “Honestly, I agree with what Tasha said earlier, and am not yet sold on the station actually being his target. Instead, you'll stay on the roof with Sam. He can drop you off where you’re needed when that becomes clear."
Tony looked over his glasses at Steve. (Scott had been surprised to know Tony Stark needed glasses until he saw Tony using his glasses as a communicator.) “Wanna take this, Cap?”
“I just finished my first mission with the Avengers,” Scott said quietly, watching as Wanda moved the prisoners onto a truck provided by the police. Meanwhile, some young people from the building right near where Rumlow was captured had come down with water bottles, and seemed to be chatting with Natasha.
“Not necessarily? Only dinner is a required team meal. But with the way our schedules often align, and with missions… Besides, we’re still getting to know you,” Sam explained, sipping his coffee as he spoke.
Steve waited for a moment, probably expecting more to that, but Tony cut himself off. There was a quiet that settled over them, not uneasy, but somehow heavy with things Scott couldn’t even hope to understand yet. (Or maybe ever.)
Natasha looked thoughtful. “Late enough that the employees would be headed home for the day, and a peak time for traffic.”
It wasn’t quite telekinetic travel, but Scott had to admit super-soldier speed was a close second in terms of convenient travel. They reached the marketplace where the criminals had fled faster than you could say “Let’s get to that marketplace to catch the bad guys.”
“Sure, Tony. Hell, to be extra nice, I’ll even pretend like you haven’t come to any massive realizations you’re avoiding.”
Sam looked away from the screen where Natasha was thoroughly kicking Rhodey’s ass when he heard Scott’s footfalls, and glanced to Scott’s hands before frowning. “You took all that time and didn’t even get your refill?”
Scott laughed at the irony of his life with her, and it was so nice to have a moment where they could laugh about their past together and his choices. When they eventually quieted, the lull in the conversation was comfortable, and Scott was almost disappointed when Maggie returned to the subject at hand.
Tony’s only true friend, in how he was able to be emotionally available to someone and have it returned, in his teenage years was James Rhodes, a hard-working son of a miller who was able to weather Tony’s defensive bursts of sarcasm to see the well-meaning humor and concern underneath. Quickly nicknamed Rhodey, Rhodey found himself accompanying Tony on any number of random adventures, not usually intentionally and never according to plan. He would seek Tony out just as often as he was sought out, usually to find the boy asleep, hunched over a new sketch or contraption, hiding with Dum-e after a nasty fight with his father, or perched imperiously somewhere next to where Steve was hard at work, nonplussed and amused by Tony’s pointed comments interspersed alongside his ramblings. (Rhodey left when he came upon the latter likelihood.) Rhodey would have whined about Tony’s schemes, but he loved the prank war too. Bucky and Rhodey, one of the few times they saw the other unaccompanied by their respective best friends, discussed it, and decided it best to stay out of the war unless both of them were involved, before agreeing that both of their friends were morons.
They all tried to speak to him, but Tony’s responses were short and impersonal. He brushed off concern, and laughed cruelly when Rhodey tried to speak of a happy future.
“You only just realized your love, but I have loved you for years, with a passion and compulsiveness I have never managed to control. I embraced the madness, as you called it, long ago. I’ve known. I am here for you, I have tied my future to you, not the farm. I can’t go an hour without missing your voice, without wanting to check how you are. Nothing hurts me more than when you’re in pain. If your love was a cup of water, mine would be the ocean, farther than the eye can see.”
Wanda just grunted sleepily. (Scott wasn’t offended, Maggie had always hated mornings too, so he knew the type.)
“Oh, we are making a reference to the movie, I understand now,” Vision said in an aside to Wanda and Scott.
“Tony, your test?” Steve still had that resignedly amused expression from earlier as he refocused the group. (Scott had a feeling he had to do that a lot.)
Steve had become famous for his tendency to get into brawls, and one day caught the eye of the rich noble from a couple towns over who had come to one of their trading partner’s festivals in a show of goodwill. It was a spring festival, this year dedicated to the veterans of the kingdom’s many conflicts. Steve overheard a man mock a disabled fighter just returned from battle, and turned to him, without a moment of hesitation, to take him on. He probably could have approached the conflict differently, but calling the offender a “gutless, wretched excuse for a human” and challenging him to a fist fight was very in character for the boy.
“I can make lists upon lists of moments that reminded me that I love you, though I don’t know the moment it began.”
He wrote essays of love back, and while he knew he couldn’t send any until Steve gave him a fixed address, he knew Steve would be happy to read them.
“You’ve always wanted to have all his attention! Always saying he needs to unwind and be distracted. What is it really? What’s changed-”
“Damn. Just… Damn. Friday, that new compound, fabricate some so I can start stress testing it to withstand bullets of that caliber and velocity.”
When Peter determinedly locked Tony out of the workshop one night so he’d sleep, Tony thought of how Steve and he would plot massive offenses to trick or prank the other, and how Steve could win fights against groups of men with his wits and his fire.
Steve nodded supportively but Natasha gestured for him to continue. Scott pointed at himself confusedly.
There were others who would be known the planet around while Anthony lived, such as the revolutionary doctor called strange by the people, the inventor experimenting with chemicals and magic, Pym, employed at the same castle Howard often worked for, a man with the form of a blue beast who worked for the royal family of Attilan, and a woman said to glitter like diamonds who was able to know anything another knew. Warriors of such impossible beauty that the unlikely nature of their existence could only be further compounded by their absurd potential for strength. A woman with blades of purple light, a hero king who punctuated his blows with a hammer, a woman who drained the energy of humans, intentionally or not.
“Just go for it! I believe in you” Scott cut her off urgently. She nodded solemnly. Wanda had a determined look on her face as she slowed down slightly to better focus on protecting them from falling debris and smog.
Crossbones had been spitting rage at Steve and Wanda, and then at Sam when Sam came up and joined the duo hovering threateningly over him, but broke off and stared at Scott after hearing mention of “his tech.”
Vision disappeared through the walls to follow orders, and Sam went out the door, dishes in the sink.
Steve looked sad, but resolute. “Tony, I want to make my own fortune, not just to grow into my own as an individual to better deserve you, but so we can provide for each other. I can’t make a living off of the one I love’s fortune. Leaving is the best way for me to achieve all of this.”
When Steve tried to thank the teen the next time he saw him, Tony waved off his attempts and threatened to sic Dum-E on him. “Really, it’s fine, don’t thank me, God, you deserve to learn. Seriously, just show me what you learned instead. Write your name for me?”
"I can't believe you kept the break-in a secret from me," he shook his head seriously and Sam shrugged.
Jarvis fretted, Peter reluctantly fixed the machines himself, and Rhodey and Bucky insisted on bringing food by periodically, but Tony stayed on the bluffs, alone, for a week.
“He didn’t get ki- caught by Hydra?” Tony took the news of their battles with admirable grace, cause while he had interjected the story periodically with horror or fury that Steve had lied about his actions in some letters, Steve becoming a key player and defeating a monstrous general seemed completely in character.
“Well…” Scott winced. The coding had several kill switches to the server programmed in, and the whole system seemed to have been set to self-destruct. After another moment spent flicking through the code, Scott decided he was incredibly glad he had brought some of his ants to wait in the server with him in case he needed them. He didn’t have the time to pick carefully through, nor did he have any programs with him he could use, so he figured he could just mess up the hardware. He turned away from the screen and instead started digging through the wires around him, locating and carefully checking the circuit boards.
“I think Sam is actually Pegasus in this metaphor, since Steve is Hercules and Tony is Meg,” Scott corrected automatically, before freeing when Natasha and Sam halt in their terrorizing of Tony to focus on Scott, amusement obvious on their faces.
Sam made a thoughtful noise. “It is weird for him to attack banks and all, but maybe after we tore up most of the Hydra strongholds they’ve been having a harder time getting funding than they used to.”
“Speaking of, let us eat while the food is still warm!” Wanda interjected, and the food was quickly distributed.
This chapter had to be significantly shorter than planned because Scott and Hope just wouldn't shut up (I cropped their conversation to put in later) and I just needed to get this posted.
“Basically, we have eyes everywhere and a healthy respect for people who favor death defying acts of heroism as a solution to their problems,” Tony supplied, returned from his argument with Rhodey, which had really only ended after some childish scuffling that left Tony’s hair even more crazed.
Vision nodded solemnly. “You originally committed a crime because you felt those operating within the law were doing things that were unjust.”
“That’s the most important!” The little girl faltered before reluctantly admitting, “It’s maybe as important as saving lots of people.”
The phone was picked up on the third ring by his daughter, obviously recognizing the caller ID, and Scott felt his entire world get a little brighter at the shouted, “Daddy!”
“You better not be messing with me, Wilson. Are you telling me you know who stopped Darren Cross at Pym Technologies?” Tony was deadly serious, and Sam responded in kind.
Tony remembered how Steve loved him at his lowest, at his most wretched or irritable, when he was petty or insecure or hurting, when he couldn’t handle anyone or when he just wanted to lash out. Steve accepted him, and maybe he could begin to accept himself, as well. He was less hard on himself, and while he tried to grow as a person, he didn’t hurt himself in the process. (Almost ironically, he grew more beautiful by the day, buoyed by love.)
Natasha cracked her knuckles. “I can't say how I know this, but my hand will probably slip later if he wakes up again."
Scott winced. He had expected he’d have to show off and impress them for his place on the team, but even with the battles under his belt, he was nervous.
“Mommy says we can’t help you when you go to fight, and you fight to protect people, so if I can’t help you, then I think the Avengers should. Cause you put us before yourself, so you should have other heroes who will do the same for you,” Cassie reasoned seriously. Scott was almost overcome with emotion when he realized how much his daughter had grown. She was already so strong and brave, and she cared so much about everyone she met. He’d sacrificed his life before, and he’d do it again to protect this child.
When Scott got back to the compound, he debated the merits of collapsing on the communal couch for a post breakfast nap, before deciding he was too restless. Scott snooped when he was on edge, as if on instinct. Maybe it was, as Dave had once said that when he felt nervous before a job, he would do a workup on his car. For Scott, there was nothing that settled him like ferreting out information. Running through blueprints or computer defenses is just another way his uneasiness works itself out of his system, especially when he was in an unfamiliar or confusing situation. Recent events had put a lot on his mind, and besides, he still had a standing challenge to hack the Avengers servers.
"I don’t know honey, I’d have to do a lot of risky things, and go a lot of dangerous places,” Scott tried not to downplay the risks to being an Avenger, and Cassie knew better than most what’s it’s like to almost lose a parent. (He may never forgive himself for disappearing right in front of her that day, but Cassie didn’t hold it against him. He came back, after all.)
Steve observed this while he walked back to Sam and Scott and spoke into his comm. “Status update, Friday?”
He hung up after this proclamation, and Scott took a moment to process the conversation in the aftermath.
Of course, he also took it upon himself to make the shield Tony suggested without letting Tony participate, assuring Tony this was an undertaking too serious to allow mistakes. It was an incredible tool, and, predictably, Steve tried to refuse it when Howard gave it to him. Made out of a rare metal Howard recently received from Wakanda by way of the Prince, the engineer smelted a small bit of it with steel. He was still learning to work with the unusually strong metal, but even with the rough meld, the shield Steve was given was abnormally resilient.
They went to the cliffs one last time before Steve left at Tony’s insistence and because Steve would miss seeing Tony against the sea.
“Don’t think less of him for this, blame that friend of yours who got to him first.” Sam, without even attempting to hide his delight, addressed Rhodes.
“Tony, you're the one with the most extensive history with Ross, other than Bruce, and even I know he does not like to leave ‘gifted’ people alone,” Natasha put in. “Don’t you play golf with the President? Meddle. Change his mind.”
She tucked an imaginary stray hair away and preened. “A successful business takeover really does do wonders for the complexion.”
Despite his wondrous inventions, the most amazing thing he ever had a hand in creating was undoubtedly his son. While his mother was responsible for bringing him into the world and supplying him with many of his most favorable traits, Tony echoed his father’s feelings for engineering, and loved working in the shop almost more than anything. (Except maybe taunting the farm boy and attempting to train his donkey, Dum-e.) Because of his tendency to be found working in the shop any time his father wasn’t using it, or working in the shed when he was, he could often be found with oil in his hair, scrapes and bruises scattered on his frame, and fingers dark with residue from the inner workings of his many own contraptions. His hair was always awry from constantly tugging or messing with it and he scarcely noticed rips in his clothing. After disappearing for hours or days at a time, he would come back with some clever contraption or upgrade of his father’s work.
“Here I thought they had a better technological infrastructure,” Steve replied lightly, even as he tugged Tony closer to him.
“Very good, Vis,” Wanda praised. “And no. I appreciate it Scott, but I can’t have the new member cooking for his own welcome party. The food will be ready around 6.”
Scott hung up, genuinely content for the first time in a while. He had woken up a little while ago, internal clock set so that he would wake up in time to talk to Cassie before she went to school each day. He was almost surprised he didn’t oversleep, considering how exhausted he was when he finally went to bed last night. He dragged himself up and set about his morning routine. While he got dressed, he thought back to the previous night’s poker game.
“We do have official movie nights,” Vision said helpfully. “AS you saw last night, they will often bet with their rights to pick the movie.”
“Your first official group training as an Avenger is tomorrow morning,” Sam said, gleeful delight coloring his words.
“Oh, just call me Tony-” He almost choked when Jarvis jabbed him in the side, but covered it in a cough. “Please call me Tony, milord and milady,” The words were barely sincere, but since the royal procession was still shocked by the presence of the two unlikely humans, they didn’t notice. “How may I assist servants to the king on such an… auspicious day?” Steve struggled to keep from laughing at the sharp look Jarvis kept pinned on his godson, and at Tony’s feigned ignorance to it.
If he hadn’t been focused intently on catching up with all the backstory to this ‘Crossbones’ guy, Scott had no doubt he be geeking out over the beauty that was the Avengers’ Quinjet. But as it was, he was catching up on a few months of action since the whole helicarrier debacle. (Steve was pleasantly surprised when Scott admitted he had already gone through a lot of the files from Natasha’s info dump onto the internet, so he was partially aware of Hydra and how it had infiltrated SHIELD. He had liked to hack into the internet servers while in prison, and his habits of digging through the web didn’t stop after he got out.)
The conversation had just shifted to last week’s movie, 2001: A Space Odyssey, a pick by Vision, who apparently didn’t see why so many people found his choice hilarious, as he chose it out of fondness for Kubrick, when Friday suddenly interrupted the conversation. “I have a priority 1 message from Mr. Stark, regarding mission name: Pirate. “
“Do you all eat together in the mornings?” Scott asked, taking his seat at the table, breakfast now prepared.
Rhodey got his first leave from the army not long after the Stark parents passed away, and Tony spent all the time he could clinging to his best friend. Rhodey had received a letter from Tony with the news before his leave, but it was still fresh on his mind and the two visited the graves on the bluffs together. (Tony suggested the bluffs. Jarvis hugged him tightly when he did, remembering when Maria and Tony first found it during Tony's early riding lessons.)
Before Scott could protest that he really shouldn't, Sam got his results back from the scan and frowned.
“No kidding. Proved my paranoia right. But it’s harder with big groups to vet them all. And I trust Natasha more than anyone, she trusts even fewer people than me and
“Hi Scott. Did you sleep well?” Steve greeted the newest member as he started scrounging for his usual breakfast. (When he wasn’t missing his family too strongly, he leaned towards waffles. Then again, that could also be a sign of him missing his other family.)
“Don’t even worry, I made a robot, Wanda helped the robot, and Natasha is ex-Russian special ops. You won’t be that hard to win the public over with.”
“According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, a “lookout is “one engaged in keeping watch”. I was looking out for the team, but I guessed from the context of your instructions that as lookout I’d be on the watch for potential threats. Since the Avengers are not a threat to civilians unless you are engaged in threatening or illegal activity, and you were invited to attempt to break into the Stark industries servers and as such are not engaged in the aforementioned threatening or illegal, I took that to mean the Avengers were not individuals that you would need to be warned about and did not alert you to their presence, potentially jeopardizing your current efforts to hack into the mainframe.”
Scott briefly considered just how epic that entire exchange was before setting off to take more hostiles down. “I’ve got your back, Wanda. Go for the others, Sam!”
“I’m not messing around here, Sam, what did you find out? The tech involved in that incident is horrifyingly powerful and the person who invented it isn’t fond of outsider involvement or oversight,” Tony was obviously agitated, all his consonants and words bit out. He didn’t even sit down, and started pacing. “How did you find out about the tech? Hell, how could you find out the person even existed afterwards? Friday and I scoured every resource available to us and turned up nothing.”
“Exactly! But hey, the emotional imagery for your superhero name has to come before scientific accuracy, you understand. Anyways, I can’t stay and chat, just wanted to fly by, make sure you had settled in and Sam had shown you around. The team should be back in a day, tops, but until then Friday can help you with anything else you might need. Don’t forget you can always ask. You remember her from the phone, right?” Before Scott could process and respond to the barrage of information delivered at top speed in a disarmingly easy way, he continued. “Say hi to the new Avenger, Friday!”
He heard Natasha confirm securing the vial and Sam saying something about Redwing, before they both turned their attention back to Scott. “Seriously, are you okay Scott?”
“Hank? Work with the Avengers?” Scott deflated at Hope’s dry comment. Not much he could say to that.
“Yes sir.” The AI was quiet and Sam began his retreat from the room, hastened by the sight of Tony’s spine curved in defeat. It wasn’t something Tony wanted others to see, and Sam was beginning to think he knew why. He just didn’t understand why Tony was still so afraid to show people how deeply he felt things.
Jarvis waited patiently out front with Steve, and respectfully nodded at the group as the Count and Countess dismounted. Rumiko just leaned out the window of her carriage, waving a delicate fan in the intense heat. When she noticed Steve lurking protectively behind Jarvis she choked on air, and swatted at Margaret’s arm with her fan as the lady passed by. The soldier shot her a look, but obligingly leaned over for Rumiko to excitedly tell her who the farm hand was. Margaret’s gaze sharpened with interest, and she watched the man now suspiciously watching Tiberius.
Rumiko, leaning suggestively on the windowsill, smiled. “Yes, I must say we are all immensely interested in how the plants were grown.”
Maria never ceased to sigh when an argument began. Howard was an alcoholic, especially prone to dipping into his reserves after returning from a job with the King. When Howard got drunk, he would look for his favorite target, eager for a fight.
“Yeah, geezer, get in front of your elderly friend,” Sam said, avoiding Rhodey’s pointed jab with a smirk.
“You already do that alone, right?” Cassie wasn’t bitter or angry when she said that, simply honest and direct, but Scott still wanted to squirm under her gaze. There wasn’t anything to say to that, and that was the end of it. Cassie had decided he should be an Avenger.
“You definitely have to take different approaches with and without your gear,” Steve mused from the ground. "A lot less leaping from things." Wanda was currently spotting him in case he fell, and Sam was sitting at the top of a rock wall in a show of moral support.
“Then what could be his play? He hasn’t stolen any weapons, bio-weapon or otherwise… He’s had only minor back-up, mostly mercenaries for hire on his missions…”
Sam did not have the energy or the will to deal with that mess today, so he chose to disregard the statement and continue with what he came to deal with. “So I’ll let Tony know about the potential new member, while you look over his file. I’ll probably send him a copy after I talk to him, but I’ll wait for when you give me the go-ahead to forward copies to everyone else.”
“Oh, Jarvis, I was just- I couldn’t sleep,” Tony admitted, as both he and Jarvis knew he was never up in the morning unless he never went to bed.
While Tony grew beautiful and continuously surpassed his own intelligence, Steve had grown too. For his 17
“You didn’t ask me about that, either,” Steve said with a put-upon sigh, though Sam privately thought Steve just liked being a drama queen.
“Steve Rogers recognized. Welcome Captain.” Friday’s voice came on over the intercom as the team meandered into the main room.
“How do you know he got a biological agent already? I guess it wouldn't be hard to find something in a disease institute,” Scott mused out loud.
Steve nodded, standing up as the Quinjet came in for a landing. He gave his teammates a hard look. “Drop it, guys. We’ll figure it out.”
"What, as a stable hand? Animal farmer? Perfect, you have experience with animals. What's your name so I can send for you in a few days?"
“She can demonstrate tomorrow. You’ll have a training session dedicated to demonstrating your powers and helping you grow accustomed to our team,” Steve lightly explained.
“I don’t know who I’d be without you,” Tony breathed. He suddenly remembered what Steve said when he appeared. “You can’t want to leave! After we only just found this?”
America had been caught in skirmishes with Prussia for decades, and while there had not been an active war between the two nations for many years, Rhodey told Tony of the battles at sea or on the borders. America had a mostly genial peace with both Attilan and Genosha, had little of a relationship at all with Wakanda, had a rocky series of ceasefires with Prussia, and a building tension with Asgard over their clashing foreign interests. (Rhodey had told Tony that much of their training seemed to be preparing them for a prolonged fight with the naval powerhouse.)
“Both of the cross streets are one-way, so his escape routes are compromised,” Scott added thoughtfully.
He knew logically, somewhere in the back of his mind where he wasn’t devastated, that something must have happened between the door closing and him reaching his room, but he could barely think past the choking disappointment and anguish.
Sam and Scott grinned at each other from their perch on the roof while Wanda snorted and Steve sighed.
It was nearing the end of the summer harvest, and the farm hands were sorting through the crops plucked from the field by Tony’s new prototype harvester. (It was still quite the work in progress and Tony was in a mood over the fact it’d take until the fall harvest or the next year to really make it a viable installation.) It was Bucky who noticed the procession first, and he sharply kicked at Steve’s shin, jostling the man as he sorted through one of the massive barrels. “Ow- what the fuck, Bucky?”
The group couldn’t help but be pleased at how genuine the awe sounded. It spoke favorably for Scott’s long-term place on the team. He also looked like he had a lot of questions, but was still recovering from the onslaught of introductions.
“I trust your judgement, Steve.”  (Scott made another note to ask Sam whether it was normal for Tony to call Steve by his first name.)
“I'm sorry to ask, but… why do you all seem to trust me so quickly? I cant have made that great of an impression.”
“Ah, but what if I appreciate him more?” Tony found himself unable to respond to that with composure, and he would tell himself the pain was from his fury at not being able to voice a comeback.
The fool saw the tender smile he had previously, subconsciously, assumed was kept solely for him aimed at this strong woman with the gorgeous… everything, and felt a brewing dislike in his stomach. He stoically started off to his old workshop, sure he wouldn’t show them his new inventions in favor of the projects already seen before. Maybe he’d show one of his harmless but complex machines.
But Natasha and Steve were already moving down the hallway, engaged in some playful argument about someone “cheating last time”.
“Sadly true,” Steve sighed. Sam started leaving for real this time, but was stopped at the door when he heard a Steve call out “Sam.”
Scott thought about the alternative of squinting into a screen until it was time to call Cassie before bed and figured he may as well bond with his teammates now. He might even get some new information!
Wanda rolled her eyes again, in a way that made Natasha vaguely proud for some reason, and strode up to the frazzled and incredibly mussed hero before sticking her hand out to shake. Scott responded automatically, smiling before he could think about it. “My name is Wanda Maximoff, or Scarlet Witch in the field. You may call me Wanda. Welcome to the Avengers.”
“I am Vision. That is my preferred mode of address. I am not a human and also a member of this team.”
“What are you implying?” Hope’s gaze sharpened. “Has he cheated on her?” when she realized she was leaning in to hear, looked irritated at herself and made to leave.
Vision inclined his head slightly, and despite the short time they knew each other, Scott could tell the other hero approved of his answer.
The Countess took this moment to speak up, moved to rare sympathy for the fool she served and done with this bizarre tiptoeing around their intended goals. “While I know I’m ecstatic to see the farming techniques, would you say your work is the main cause of your success, Steve?”
Steve looked to the side, abashed. “I couldn’t imagine you sharing my feelings. You’re so radiant, and I was just happy to have a bit of your attention.”
“How’d Friday get all that information so soon?” Scott asked Sam wearily, still shaken from Rumlow’s obvious threat but trying to distract himself. “Can we always talk to her in the comms?”
When Bucky returned to the farm with grief in his eyes, without his left arm, and with Steve’s shield in his right, Tony remembered how Steve threw himself in front of blows meant for another, how he fought off the people who would torment him, and how he sat with Tony when his parents died.
“If you’d like, Scott, I believe Sam and Natasha were going to watch a movie in the living room. The others will likely also be in the area, as Wanda and Steve often read in the communal rooms after a meal.”
“You’re free to sit wherever, it’s not a required set up,” Steve reminded Scott gently and Sam pointedly, (Scott wasn’t going to analyze how he managed that), but Scott had already sat next to Sam and didn’t want to change. (Oddly enough, the seat he was offered was the one he had been sitting in when eating alone.)
“You’re lying, you were always hunting him down with your lame excuses to make him spend time with you!”
The Countess rolled her eyes so hard Tony noticed it, and felt a flash of appreciation for the aura she projected.
“Yes, Scott?” The computerized but still distinctly Irish AI chimed in from somewhere, and Scott frowned a bit, displeased by how well hidden the cameras must be. He resolved to either convince Friday to tell him where everything was hidden later, or to find it all himself.  “Have you been able to talk to me the whole time?”
"I'd be super far away from my daughter if I live in New York... Can I just join you guys case by case?"
He had gone through a crisis when Steve first left, the low self-esteem that had plagued him since he developed a sense of self rearing its ugly head. Despite his many gifts, and the many people who had come to love him over the years, Tony’s aura of self-possession was largely a shield to protect a heart that had been rejected and injured over many years. When Steve left, he was consumed with the idea that Steve would be disappointed when he returned. Steve was already so lovely and would only grow even nobler and stronger, and out of the people he’d meet from all around the world, surely he’d meet many who were more kind, balanced, mature, beautiful, generous… People who’d make the perfect spouse and would fit an ideal that Tony had never felt would be plausible for him.
In the next few days, Tony tried to reach out, offering his awkward apologies, but Steve wasn’t really ready to hear him. The older boy took Steve’s continued silence and reluctance to interact with him as a slight, and concluded that he was just another person who wouldn’t want to acknowledge his presence. (That was the age when Tony was first growing acquainted with the jealousy and resentment of others. His father was the first and most grievous offender when it came to this, making a game out of seeing how little he could interact with his son, especially when he came to work with his father in the workshop.)
“False hope for what? Peggy taking him away? Steve isn’t going to leave, that’s a ridiculous suggestion. God, why are you being so stupid, Tony? You’re hurting his feelings because you keep ignoring him!”
“But really, I do want to recruit him. Full membership, yeah? I think he’d be a good Avenger, and I know you handle all the administrative stuff,” Sam pointed out hopefully.
It was inordinately difficult, and Scott patted himself on the back for steering the conversation to his daughter, a subject he could talk about while half asleep or drugged. He had just watched the final subject disappear into a holographic coffee shop when the lights changed and the simulation came to an end.
When Rhodey finally got his conscription letters, as he was a couple of years older than Tony and quite eligible to join the army, Tony begged him not to go. It turned into a bitter fight, Rhodey reminding Tony that he didn’t have a choice and could actually make a decent penny in the army, and Tony reminding him that he could die before ever receiving the kind of promotion that would actually earn him anything substantial. When Rhodey insisted Tony couldn’t prevent this, Tony fled and hid with Dum-E in the barn all night. His grief didn’t stop him from bidding his best friend off, though, and Rhodey couldn’t help his relief when Tony said goodbye.
Natasha wheeled her chair around at this to give Steve a truly incredulous look. “The man turns into the Hulk because of an experiment he performed on himself, and listens to Tony on making things like Ultron.”
I had a bit of a mental block for a while because when I was planning out later chapters for this fic, I was overwhelmed and generally uninspired… I wouldn’t have been able to get myself to write as much as I did without all you lovely commentators and readers! Every bookmark and kudos and word of support boosted my spirits! So thank you!
“Oh, okay,” Steve obligingly started his own name, and when he finished, Tony nodded approvingly. “There. You’ve already got it. Told you it’d be easy!”
Before they could be side-tracked by Scott struggling to explain his emotional state to Vision. Natasha cut in. “You’re ready for the next test.”
After the famous superhero and philanthropist whisked his way out of the room, his final statements thrown over his shoulder carelessly, Scott found himself inexplicably reminded of how he felt after a long conversation with Luis.
“It has always only been you, Tony. You are wholly unique, and I cannot even imagine loving anyone else.”
The creatures managed to throw Steve off momentarily, while a now distracted Sam was knocked over by Wanda. Scott was relying on Vision not being able to see exactly where his shrunken self was as he grabbed an ant to fly him up to the other team’s flag. He reached the flag, dragging it up with difficulty. Vision sharply refocused on him, a beam of light coming at him. Steve snapped back to his normal size since his steed couldn’t handle the extra weight of the flag, and he dodged out of the way before starting to sprint towards base. Wanda has started flinging the bullet ants at Sam and Steve, and even the super soldier was doing his damnedest to avoid those after he felt one of them bite. Natasha managed to nail Vision with an electric shock of some kind right when he almost snagged Scott, and Scott narrowly managed to throw the flag to the ex-spy. She passed it on to Wanda in order to face Steve on headfirst, and the youngest member of the group almost made it to the base when Sam dropped out of the sky and snagged the flag. Scott had shrunk as soon as he had passed off the flag, and once again rode one of the flying ants up, leaping up onto Sam’s wings. This time though, instead of breaking the wings like in their last duel, Scot simply increased in size, drastically changing the weight distribution of the wings and startling Sam enough to knock the flag down onto the Red Team’s base.
The group trailed after Tony who was closely followed by Steve who were all followed by the still appraising Rumiko, the ambitious Tiberius, and the careful consideration of Peggy.
,’ Bucky thought exasperatedly. When Steve audibly sighed, Bucky threw his hands in the air and walked away, sure Steve wouldn’t even notice and sure Jarvis would cut him some slack today. Besides, he had been lurking near the workshop for days, waiting for Tony to inevitably sneak out. Bucky felt guilt deep in his gut for making Tony so uncomfortable, and while he and Rhodes had been trying for years to get these two morons together, he didn’t want his methods to hurt either one of them. Even if they had an incredible ability to cause their own problems.
Scott sat heavily on the ground, releasing the latch on his helmet to get a bit more air. “Man, those robots don’t mess around.”
So while this isn't the first Stony fic I've worked on, it's the first I've felt ready to start posting. I wasn't planning on writing anything for this yet, but I just re-watched Civil War and had a lot of feelings about how easily it all could have been avoided, and needed to get it out on paper.
The day Anthony turned 5, the most beautiful person in the world was an assassin and an agent of a kingdom to the west. Wade Wilson grew up in the slums outside the castle, and would be hated by many, but truly understood by few. He was resented, envied, despised, lusted after… But he only cared for one other person, who he was blessed to find loved him the same. Their feelings for each other were blinding in their purity and passion, and he delighted in his partner even while they lived dangerous lives hiding from enemies and living in squalor. But his appearance was devastated after being captured and tortured by foes after a supposed ally made a deal to have Wade killed. The chemical scarring and terrible burns inflicted on him in his captivity disfigured him completely, and much of his sanity was lost from the pain of the experience. Yet despite his blemished skin, the love of his life remained by his side, and, while he complained incessantly, he was hard-pressed to say he had truly lost anything of value when he had her love.
“You seem like a lot of fun, Scott. Good luck with that madhouse over there,” Clint said after he finished answering Scott’s last question.
“Whether it’s trusting Clint after Loki, bringing in Sam… Letting in Wanda…” He shrugged nonchalantly after mentioning Wanda, but Scott had a feeling that Tony didn’t even manage to fool himself with his forced casualness. “Your judgement in people is impeccable.”
“HA!” Scott couldn’t helped the triumphant laugh as he broke the firewalls and took his first look at the main coding. His face paled as he processed it.
Jarvis took a moment to study himself and send a prayer to Maria to help him handle the mess he could sense was coming.
Natasha just smirked, and it took Tony a moment to realize he was being subtly addressed before he shrugged. “All reporters are assholes, it's a defense mechanism for the conditions of their job.”
“Happy here helps out with the Avengers sometimes, but I tend to keep his hands full with my personal messes,” Tony explains.
When Sam made to leave Steve added in a quietly pleased voice, “I’m glad you’re recruiting someone new.”
Now Tony felt an abrupt wash of shame, and slung his arm around his friend’s waist. The man barely out of boyhood and with such an endless capacity for kindness, obvious when he pushed so hard to reach Tony. “I’m the one who probably hasn’t shown it. I love you too, Bucky. I’m… I’m sorry I’m such a shit friend.”
Tony laughed as he prepared to leave in the suit again. “Whatever, Wilson. See if I get you that upgrade now.”
“Oh, um, yeah, that’s me,” Scott said, cursing his awkwardness. But don’t let anyone tell you that Scott Lang was a coward, because he didn’t instantly shrink and flee from the entire situation. He stood up from his spot at the table and stuck out a hand to the other man to shake. “I’m Ant-Man,” Scott introduced himself and then winced noticeably. This would’ve been the perfect time to introduce himself as some new, epic name rather than Hank Pym's old, unfortunate alias.
Natasha and Sam shared a significant look, before she explained. “Not exactly. After SHIELD fell, there was a lot of confusion on what to do, because there was a significant separation in authority between the US and SHIELD, especially in regards to the Avengers. Currently, we are a autonomous branch of the State Department, though the Department of Defense is also involved in handling our affairs. They just don’t get to tell us what to do.”
“Oh, did you get taken away from that? I remember you had been planning for that for a while, right?”
Scott grinned at the version of an expression Maggie liked to use coming from his daughter. “I see.”
The suit took off and was out of sight in seconds. Sam rubbed his forehead at the headache threatening to appear, and groaned. It was like high school all over again. But before he could wallow too much in his exasperation, his phone lit up.
“Up ahead! I see the server!” Sam called before he swept down to carry Scott the last few yards forward.
“You won’t regret this,” Sam said cheerfully, his smugness broadcasting loud and clear over the phone.
They all responded to Tony’s absurd claim with dismay, outraged by the idea and horrified on Steve’s behalf that Tony would take the blame this way, Bucky most fiercely upset of all, but their words fell on deaf ears.
It was only after Scott had bid everyone goodnight and finished his nightly rituals that he really paused to let the day sink in, sitting heavily on his bed while he did so. He responded amusedly to a few texts from his friends before typing in Maggie’s phone number.
The group spent some time teasing Rhodey about not being around enough, before they all gushed about Scott’s performance the other day. Despite Rhodey’s joking initially, he did have to take a number of calls and work on stuff on a fold out tablet of some sort. The team almost seemed relieved though, and not only because Rhodey was putting out their fires.
“Fine fine,” Tony grumbled, not quite able to seem put out. “Friday, get a shot of us?” He quickly took a pose kneeling with half-sarcastic peace signs in between Wanda and Rhodey.
If there was a tough battle the day before, they’d go to a diner the next morning, or whenever the battle was done. There’s this one diner I’ve been to in New York that makes massive sandwiches fit for a supersoldier, and I bet they’d go to a similar place. The owners and waitresses are either so used to them coming by or so generally done with their jobs that they don’t make a fuss or care that they have the Avengers in their diner.
Jarvis kissed his godson’s forehead, and woke Bucky. Tony guessed they had been taking shifts to watch him. He asked Jarvis how long he had been out. Three days was quite a long while, Tony knew, but the significance was lost on him at the moment.
“I have faith in you, Rhodey. That’s why I need you to be okay.” Tony didn’t say how he feared for his friend because he knew exactly what sort of weapons would be used against him, as he had seen his father’s designs.
Scott winced as he was squished a bit in the mech. “Kind of? I’m in Crossbones’s suit, who is with Steve.”
Scott blinked, mentally connecting the billionaire’s words to a favorite movie of his daughter, and was not disappointed when Vision was also confused. “Sam and Natasha are neither particularly nervous or pained.”
Sam walked by Scott to try to mess up Tony’s hair, while Natasha jabbed him in the side to try to take his sunglasses. “What the- stop- NO, you are not allowed to team up against me, I’m trying to
“Does Tony often call Steve by his first name?” Scott winced internally at how abrupt his question was, and figured he deserved the speculative look Sam was pinning him with again.
Tony pulled a tablet seemingly out of thin air and tapped at a few things. “You will have a few forms to sign and some other boring bureaucratic stuff to do, but I’m already emailing that over and most of its filled out already with what you, your records, and Friday provided. I'll send your info to PR too."
The silence over the line was deafening and Sam relished in it. A person had a right to be proud when they managed to stun Tony Stark into silence. The times it happened could probably be counted on one hand.
“Hey Friday, got some stuff to cover with you to save and also to send to Tony,” Steve said to the ceiling.
All of Tony’s bravado collapsed instantly, and he could barely speak around the lump in his throat. “God, please don’t leave because of me, I’ll never bring it up again, it was stupid of me to even think you’d respond favorably and ignore what I said, I can handle it, I wouldn’t take out my disappointment on you-“
“I’ve just never been asked such a thing before, so I was unprepared,” The AI admitted, with that same note of surprise she had when he first asked.
She gave him a long, skeptical look, and he shifted uncomfortably from his place at the end of the table. She sighed, and waved him to a seat. “Do you want some tea or anything? Decaf coffee? It’s a little late to give you anything with caffeine.”
“I drank it in the kitchen,” Scott said absently before returning to his seat next to the man. “Anything happen here?”
Finals are almost upon me, so I finished this in a, probably unwise, hurry so it wouldn’t be lurking in my subconscious during finals. Sorry for the delay, as usual, I wish I was more prompt...
After his therapeutic talk with his daughter, Scott was able to find the strength to stagger to his feet and make his way to where, by now, all the local mercenaries had been loaded into police cars. Wanda and Sam had disappeared at some point with the hydra operatives, while Natasha was on Rumlow duty.
Sam figured he could help him out. “What do you say we let Scott clean up or temporarily take a break on doing… whatever it is he’s doing, and all get some food? We can talk then.” The group was more than happy to take Sam’s obvious cue to leave and get grub. Even Vision, who didn’t need to eat, trailed after the group.
Scott sharply cut in when he heard Sam take a breath to undoubtedly gloat over Scott changing his mind. “Don’t celebrate yet, remember, I have some terms! And they’re big ones. If you can’t guarantee this stuff, I won’t join. Cassie has to be able to visit me whenever she wants and should get a room for times she wants to stay over-“
“Eyes on target, folks. This is the best lead we've had on Rumlow in six months. I don't want to lose him,” Steve said firmly. All the times in the past they got there late, if they made it at all.
When he heard the knock at his door, he took a few moments, pulling air greedily into his lungs and grabbing a shirt to wipe of the evidence of his heartbreak off his face. When he felt like he had a tentative grasp of his emotions, (and wasn’t that usually the best he could do), he swung open the door and lounged against the door frame. “Oh, Steve. I feel like we just spoke.”
“And your daughter’s opinion is the most important factor?” Vision had this manner of speaking that was somehow both intimidatingly intense yet completely relaxed. Very measured yet a bit jarring.
Tony groaned when he saw Bucky approach, but he didn’t move to leave when he settled down next to him. (Dummy was trying to eat something off a nearby tree.)
I had planned to have this fic address the batshit insanity of the 2016 election, if even peripherally, but it occurred to me that Feige had the President and politicians replaced with fictional characters. I’m bitter about it, but because Ross wouldn’t have been appointed by Obama, most likely, I’m going to have to pretend like Obama hadn’t been President, and ignore a lot of broad political discourse accordingly. (This does not mean I won’t sometimes include famous people or events, cause I can’t help myself. Scott would hate the government, so it’s justifiable!)
Tony almost didn’t let go when Rhodey stepped away to join the group of other men being taken to the castle for training, but gave his friend the honor of respecting his choice. He would miss Rhodey horribly, but Rhodey wrote whenever he could. (Rhodey was a responsible sort of son and friend, and his mother was quite fond of Tony herself. Whenever he wrote home, she would hold onto Tony’s letter till he next came in to town.)
This time Friday explained. “Mr. Stark had an emergency work call and left last night, shortly after the party has broken up. He asked me to pass on his apologies and congratulations once more.”
“You should be. But yeah, ask away with your questions about superheroing when you have a family at home, I'm sure you have a lot of them. Least I can do for a poor soul being dragged onto the team."
Scott had just hung up with Cassie the next morning when his car arrived in New York to get coffee with Hope. He was luckily not hungover, despite how he didn’t drink often and had gotten pretty tipsy the night before, (he was allowed, it was his welcome party to the
“Not even a hello? Come on Stark, you haven’t been around in ages, not even to train. Vision’s been lonely.” Sam faked hurt but Stark wasn’t apparently in the mood.
I like the idea that the cat burglar and resident hacker has to be super observant and aware of his surroundings, and only grew more observant after watching his back in prison. Doesn’t mean he’s good at stopping himself from talking and ruining a moment, or good at seeming suave, but Scott is certainly able to read a person, despite how he can’t read the mood when it comes to interjecting. He’s going to have to get better at interfering. People may comment he seems OOC because he is too skilled at reading between the lines, but I stand by this portrayal, if only for the sake of efficiency of story.
No one even tried to offer to go instead, as Steve was easily fastest on the farm and Jarvis’s second favorite. While Steve took off for the main house, all the other hands rushed to get everything sorted so they could see the procession approach from up close.
“Yeah. No, I’m good! I’m good, Sam, let’s go.” Sam took him at his word and leaped off the building.
“Cause his name is Crossbones,” Sam explained. When Scott just stared at him, Sam tried to hide his chuckles. “Tony thinks he’s really funny.”
“Few years ago, I almost lost her, so I trashed all my suits. Then, we had to muck up Hydra. And then Ultron, my fault. And then, and then, and then.”
Bucky was a bit confused when Tony’s next question was about the bomb, but he described the explosive Steve had assembled before the Pirates descended upon them. They had been out of cannonballs, but not saltpeter or gunpowder. Tony felt an absent wave of pride that Steve remembered the recipe for a simple bomb that Tony had described years ago.
“I can alert you whichever way you prefer, but many members prefer to use their phone,” FRIDAY added.
The two walked down the ramp together and just stood at the bottom watching Steve escape. Sam threw his hands in the air. “I give up.”
Sam sensed Scott’s weakening resolve and pressed his advantage. “In fact, Steve is excited to meet someone who ‘stood up for the people’ and ‘went to jail for his beliefs’.”
Scott frowned, alert to the name of Cassie’s elementary school nemesis. “Is that girl still giving you trouble?” Though Cassie, nor Maggie, thankfully, would never tell him this, Scott suspected some of the kids listened a bit too closely to what their parents said about him and teased Cassie in return.
Scott couldn’t help the smile bubbling up and laughed. “C’mon Hope, no small talk? You look refreshed, and I believe I need to congratulate you on the new role, madame CEO of Pym Technologies.”
“Don’t get distracted now, guys. Like I said, we’ll make this an opportunity for training. All right, what do you see?” Steve prompted.
Tony took it like a blow, horrified that he must have misspoke, but covered his shock and left Steve to his grief, after a sheepish reminder where Steve’s room would be.
Scott had been conscripted into the most famous, destructive pseudo-military force in the world and still couldn't tell anyone who asked how he had come to be with them. Not least of all Hope, who somehow still managed to be more terrifying than anyone else he had ever met. And that was including Natasha Romanoff, who he also secretly suspected could conquer a country alone if she ever got bored. At least he seemed to be getting into the good graces of people who knew her better than he did.
But Scott was unwilling to give up the fight just yet, amazing as the idea that the Avengers would be happy to meet him was. “Give me a day to think about it.”
Steve was reverent when he took the shield, and was stunned by how light the shield was. “Tony, of course! It’s incredible! I don’t even know what to say-” He seemed to abruptly remember something, smiled, and swooped in for a kiss. Some indeterminable length of time later, Steve drew away, despite how Tony made a noise protesting the sudden distance and leaned up to start again. Steve could barely believe he had gotten to this place in his life. “You’re incredible, Tony. The most amazing person I’ll ever meet.”
Steve obviously approved of the response and meandered away with a content expression. Sam leaned on the wall next to Scott and watched his face as he slowly processed the past little while. When it was clear it’d take him a moment, Sam turned his attention to the sad looking piles of metals and tech scattered across the floor. He had decided that the strange square microchip by his foot was once a part of the security system when the ex-con finally found his words again. “Oh god, I was so awkward.”
Wanda snorted amusedly, but with a cold rage in her eyes, seemingly still holding Rumlow firm, and maybe squeezing him
Sam frowned a bit, but didn’t interrupt this time. The others wouldn’t love that, Tony especially, but it wasn’t really unfair.
The two spoke long enough Scott’s stomach was audibly growling and Clint had dinner to prepare for his own kids.
He had gotten stronger from the farm, kind over the years, and smart from his studies. While Tony was overwhelming about his genius, sometimes operating in a fugue of instinct and outlandish ideas, and Bucky was a clever man but didn’t care for history or writing, Steve was a hard worker through and through. He thirsted for knowledge and studied tirelessly, with particular knacks for art, writing, and languages. His persistence came in handy for the latter subject, as any time he found someone who spoke a language he was learning or wanted to learn, he badgered them relentlessly for practice. Despite how people would start off helping him reluctantly, by the time Steve had gotten a grasp of the language, they would refuse any of compensation for their time. He was lovable, quickly worming his way into Jarvis’s heart as well. Jarvis was told Steve sometimes helped Maria balance the books for math practice, so he went to the boy to help understand the state of the farm.
All of his accomplishments, all the people who had admired or desired him meant nothing when the only person he had ever wanted back wouldn’t have him. He pulled at his hair and paced, ignoring the way his eyes blurred with tears and desperate to build something to distract him, but unable to handle the idea of leaving his room only to come across someone. He didn’t know how long he spent there, but of course Steve could never let things go.
Scott couldn’t help the delighted grin and looked to where Steve was cheering, Vision was clapping politely, and Wanda and Sam pretended to be upset.
“Our melons, milord? The ladies are here to inspect our produce as well?” Tony was no fool, and the whole farm, including the pack of farmhands trying to blend in with the soldiers who were too distracted to care, knew that while the farm had improved immensely over the years, (starting with Steve’s attentive care and growing through the pack of loyal help and the fleet of machines,) if royals were here, it was for the inventions.
“Nonono, you are not taking credit for him, I brought him around,” Sam sharply asserted while Scott beamed.
When Vision nodded, Scott leaned forward, suddenly intense. “She’s always the most important to me.”
Turns out the young people who had struck up conversation with Natasha while she stood watch over the prisoners were Wakandans doing service work in the region. Lovely group of people, all of them, several of them quite interested in computers and programming. Scott had a delightful time talking about computer science with them while they waited for Rhodey to fly in.  Turns out Wakandans had several programming languages completely unique to their country, but learned the most common languages internationally during their schooling as well.
At risk of sounding like a broken record, one must say that this was an era of people beautiful in both spirit and body, so it was hard to say that Tony was
“It’s not a big deal, I had already finished my presentation and had been on my way out when the call came in. And then I was just loitering stateside.”
“I think you forgot to mention, “talks to insects” earlier,” Steve noted dryly, and Scott winced. “I genuinely don’t know how I forgot I could do that.”
Tony gave himself the night to prepare, then left his room determinedly. He chickened out at the door, and as if sensing his godson’s distress, Jarvis walked into the room to begin breakfast. He saw the young man arguing with himself under his breath and manfully didn’t sigh.
Tony finally tore his gaze away to shrug before taking a long swallow of whatever was in his cup and looking disappointed when it didn’t make the conversation easier. “It’s no problem. He’s the one who did the work and saved the lives. You don’t need my permission for recruitment either.” Before Steve could protest that or make any comment, Tony continued. “Besides Cap, anyone who gets the ok from you is good in my books.
“Petty rivalry? Howard Stark was an egomaniac and a bully, traits I have seen too many times in his son as well. Organizations they are a part of, no matter how well-intentioned, fall to corruption,” Hank furiously exclaimed.
verbal sniping) and Natasha interjected insults directed at either the two bickering or the group at large without bothering to look up from where she was sharpening her knives. Though those days were gone, and despite the roster changes, dinner in the Avengers’ Household still managed to be a chaotic affair. Food duties revolved from person to person, and while Sam was pretty good and Wanda had a natural talent for cooking and a love of exploring a number of cultural cuisines, most of the team weren’t natural chefs. Rhodey was rarely around but was only really good at instant stuff, Tony was terrible and would burn the place down if he was even around to try to cook, Natasha had a few recipes perfected, but was surprisingly bad at most else, and Vision didn’t even eat, so the responsibility to cook often fell on Sam, who was really also the only normally socialized one in the bunch, or Wanda. Steve was generally discouraged from cooking for lunch or dinner due to his insistence that “everyone needs to eat healthily, and limit take-out food.”
Tony went still and silent in surprise, before allowing Steve to help him up. “Jarvis is going to be pissed. I’m wearing the shirt he tried to burn last week.”
He tolerated their final giggles with a rueful expression before the plane quieted. Natasha flicked through some other files on the console, now that their discussion was seemingly on hold till the rest of the team was gathered, Steve gave the map another long, hard stare before irritably shutting it off, and Sam tugged out his phone distractedly, grinning at the message he found. “Friday says Scott is making himself at home in the compound, and met Tony earlier today.”
Vision doesn’t eat, but he still shows up for all the meals, even if there’s only one or two people. Maybe its loneliness, or he feels like he should, but no one questions it. Besides, he’s good company and knows when to give people space.
It mostly went off without a hitch, except for a moment when Tony started to worry about the delay and restarted the system before Rhodey reminded him of the fact that the lake was far away and Tony himself had told Rhodey it would take a while to bring the water. The whole town was amazed when the plumbing served to independently hydrate the fields, and Tony started getting more requests for inventions.
Hope stopped at her car and stared at him. “Please tell me you aren't asking about the love lives of my competitors.”
Cassie frowned a bit. "Didn't you tell me and Mom that you'd be able to visit me a bunch on Mister Iron Man's planes?"
Hope gave him a look as they made their way to the sidewalk from the secluded booth in the cafe. “Scott.”
Crossbones bucked against Steve’s hold, who adjusted his grip to better immobilize the criminal. “I’ll go ahead and keep a hold on him, just to be safe,” Steve commented dryly and Scott nodded. “Probably for the best.”
“We are cleared to leave, though it’s been requested I share the account of what happened later,” Steve finished.
“Do I have to disclose it at all?” Scott winced. He noticed Steve wasn’t giving up on knowing about the suit, but he doubted Hank or Hope thought about this dilemma beyond the Avengers asking questions, and he certainly hadn’t.
“No complaints here,” Steve said, evidently pleased. Natasha inclined her head to agree, and the conversation around the table started up smoothly after that. Scott let the chatter flow over him until his internal turmoil at the memories that had resurfaced had quieted and he could enjoy his lunch.
Tony took it all with considerable patience, especially for someone who hated pity, but Steve saw more than the others. He could see how Tony had changed, and recognized the lingering and complicated grief in his eyes. When Tony returned Steve’s gaze, Steve could also see his gratitude.
Tony pushed himself to every limit because he couldn’t bear thinking about Steve being in danger. Every moment had to have something to distract him, because otherwise his mind was a prison of worry. He was driven by a need to create, to grow, to become so good at what he did, that Steve would not be disappointed when he returned. Tony was impressive, but had to become even more so. Steve was making his way in the world for them and he couldn’t stay stagnant.
Sam settled on a park bench to watch the citizens of New York go about their business. He had flown into town earlier that day to get coffee from his favorite place and to enjoy the day. He always felt a deep satisfaction in knowing he helped save all the people around him, and when being a superhero got to be a bit too much, he’d go on a walk to remind himself why he did what he did. No matter how awful and difficult the job could be, at the end of the day he did good things. Maybe he could convince Scot that it’d be easier for him to do just that as part of the team. “Yeah. Full membership with all the perks, like a place in the compound and a team that backs you up. I know you care about helping people, anyone can see that just looking at your record, and being an Avenger would make that a lot easier.”
Scott had been distracted by his work on the bomb, but he now realized that Crossbones and Steve had stopped their fight and were talking. It wasn’t until he heard Steve’s voice go all weird and dangerous that Scott paused to consider why the name “Bucky” was so familiar.
“See, I said that about the wings, until I had my first flight with the newly upgraded tech and promptly ate my words. I don’t refuse improvements anymore,” Sam cheerfully informed Scott, and the engineer wouldn’t lie, that was a tempting thought. Working with Tony Stark was like a wet dream for anyone who loved technology.
Jarvis came in a couple hours later, the whole time of which Tony spent quietly watching the veteran of a war no one would truly win.
There was the sound of a barely stifled punch, a frustrated noise, and then Steve’s rapid footfalls in the opposite direction Tony went, towards what Scott vaguely remembered Friday saying was one of the ways to the roof. He stared at the doorway for a long moment, trying to remember what he had even come into the kitchen for, before giving up and returning to the living room. He did not have
“Call it whatever you like, boss. I can stop updating you, if your previous instructions to update you after each test no longer apply,” Friday smoothly jumped in.
Now, at this same festival, Tony was presenting an elaborate fountain that would hopefully become part of a plumbing system for fresh water, and caught the eye of the noblewoman’s husband. The nobleman inquired after the inventor’s identity later, and the mayor happily told him all about the young engineer with the bright eyes and captivating aura. The nobleman quickly put together that this was the same inventor he had heard of from a friend of his, who had been bragging about an order they placed for an automated plow.
“So you’re Scott Lang, master thief and breaker of the laws of physics. As one lawbreaker to another, it’s good to meet you,” Tony fucking
“Um, have you met her?” Tony was tinkering around to look casual, but Bucky just rolled his eyes at how Tony couldn’t hide his stress.
They had long ago gravitated into each other’s space, alone in Tony’s room. Steve swayed forward as if pulled, and Tony felt a surge of courage.
When Sam heard Scott say yes, he looked around to make sure he was alone before fist-pumping victoriously. No one saw it, so Sam could excuse the gesture. Sometimes you just had to celebrate a job well-done.
After tucking in his daughter to bed, he trailed downstairs to where Paxton and Maggie were chatting at the kitchen table. (The fact they let him talk to Cassie unsupervised never ceased to surprise him, but man, was he grateful for it.)
While Scott survived his first full day around the Avengers, he is beginning to wonder if breakfast foods are cursed for him, since he can't seem to get through a single breakfast without something shocking happening. On a lighter note, Lagos seems like an interesting place! It's a shame the team will be too busy breaking bones to really enjoy the local culture.
Sam was glad she didn’t go still and quiet at the mention of Bruce anymore. “Well…” Steve floundered for a second here, obviously trying to save his argument, which Sam easily took advantage of.
Maggie briefly smiled at the quip, but was grim as she processed the information. “So long missions that could happen at any time, a salary increase, and a greater likelihood that you’ll be in danger,” she paraphrased neatly.
When Rhodey appeared at Jarvis’s behest and got Tony to eat, Tony thought of how Steve could pick up languages easily, and fix inventions Tony never designed to be accessible.
After Scott once again assured Steve that he was quite happy to try different things and to share (sharing was a foregone conclusion with his last roommates), Wanda resumed where she left off. "Your welcome dinner will be on Friday! Vision has kindly given up his day for me to cook.”
Steve kept sending letters to Tony, and while they were filled with love, they were also filled with grief and horror. He always apologized for hurting Tony with his actions, and Tony always fought the urge to weep because the stubborn man would do whatever he thought was right, damn the consequences. Tony knew what he did was honorable, but he didn’t want his loved ones to die.
“I don’t know what you expect,” Steve asserted stubbornly, completely missing Natasha’s implication that they should be
When he finally left with his stuff and a waffle for lunch, Scott met the first driver for his trip. Sam had sent him the directions for finding the super-secret Avengers Compound where he was now supposed to live, and Scott had to take a lot of connections to get there. (He didn't have the heart to tell anyone that he was already well aware of the location of the compound.) He luckily didn’t have a lot of luggage (was that lucky?) to carry, and while the reserved and quiet drivers were a little intimidating at first, all of the car rides and flights were comfortable.
He trudged out of the bed, only stopping to note the time, and opened the door to Sam, already dressed and looking annoyingly chipper. “It’s 7 am.”
“I think I’m offended,” Steve pretended to whine, but he could never really hide his mirth. But he abruptly stopped when Tony finally unearthed a round shield from his bags. It was right blue and red with a white star, and Steve felt an absurd pang of affection that Tony remembered his favorite colors.
Sam let out an undignified giggle, and Steve turned to him with a raised eyebrow. “Think that’s funny?”
Rumiko was still atwitter at the specimens she saw on the farm, including a brunette with sharp eyes among the farmhands when they left, (Bucky was no slouch in any department.)
Scott looked mournful. “You don’t get what it’s like to be me, Sam. I bet you were super chill when you met Captain America.”
“Play the footage back again, Friday. Bring those old calculations I started on a possible synthetic Vibranium compound and work them.”
Scott was struck mute for a moment, that same dazed but still excited look on his face, as he struggled for words. He settled on “Wow, that’s really, really amazing,” and obviously restrained himself from staring at Vision’s… everything.
He had dug into a new level of the mainframe to start testing some codes when Friday politely invited him to join the team in the common area for some news.
She snickered. “This is both the only time that’s a good thing, and the first time it’s happened that you caught someone’s eye because you were subtle.”
“I really don’t think a guy who purposefully releases his edgy villain name to the newspapers and television channels is avoiding attention,” Scott observed.
Sam held up his phone with the email pulled up on it. “About to send you the file on him I compiled.”
