“Castiel, we shouldn’t,” Dean said, knowing full well that he was in a place where anyone could walk in. the chances were slim – no one even came inside this room. The kids outside were so wasted they’d probably pee on the tables. But still…they could walk in.
My hands trembled slightly as I start the impala and drive towards the Novak’s house. I’d been there twice before. One Christmas, one thanksgiving. I remember Sam’s chiming laughter and the smells of cookies and gravy. I remember Mr. Novak making everyone strictly say their prayers before the food. And as I stop the car in front of the grey white house belonging to Castiel’s family, I can almost see Cas sitting on the porch stairs with his chin on his knees waiting for me and Sam to arrive.
The girl nods back, “Catch you both later.” She hauls herself off of the doorframe she’s leaning against and goes inside the classroom. I nod at Cas and start walking, knowing he’d follow. He’d follow me anywhere. We walk for a little while and we reach the auditorium. I open the door and usher him inside. As I close the door, he eyes me with apprehension.
“Give me one good reason not to,” he turns to me, and the hope I see in his eyes breaks me. He needs an excuse. But I can’t be that excuse. He waits. He nods.
My mouth opens, and stays open. He is not with a girl in the bathroom. An air host walks out of the bathroom. Apologizing profusely. His eyes downcast. A stream of “Mr. Novaks” rushing from his mouth. He falls silent when Dean puts a hand on his shoulder.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted, “You think you like me. But you’re just curious. This….” Cas gestured to both of them, “This is
“She’s breaking up with you?” He asks, and I ignore the tinge of hopefulness he’s trying hard to conceal.
Sam doesn’t get Anna. Sure she’s weird. And yes, she’s annoying and wears enough makeup for three girls and extremely short clothes. And she has those stupid platform heels that make her almost as tall as me. But we’re good with each other. Her stupidity and my unfaithfulness with a blue eyed beauty aside – we’re pretty okay.
“No, YOU SHUT UP!” Cas shouts, his voice echoing in the corridor, and I shut up. Like a dog having been told that he has been a bad, bad dog.
The backseat is small and Cas’ neck is against the door. But he doesn’t complain. He never complains. He groans when I enter him and he feels too fucking good. He says my name, again and again, voice husky, strained, choked up, and I keep kissing his stomach. He moves like every second is a second too long. I kiss him when he comes, nails digging into my shoulder as I move above him, swallowing every moan.
Cas laughed, taking the cigarette from me and taking the last drag, throwing the filter to the ground “In his defense, he did find you with your tongue down my throat in the locker room.”
They’re meant to be scoping out the open-air market antique dealers for anything suspicious that looks like it might be to do with their case where people have been killed by their newly purchased antique furniture. Sam suspects some kind of hex being cast by whoever is selling the piece. Dean suggested a pack of poltergeists, but Cas is fairly sure that’s just because he liked the alliteration.
“You’ve still got your boots on.” Cas scowls down at Dean’s feet, slithers gracelessly off the bed to tug at his shoes. Dean props himself onto his elbows, intending to lean forward and help, but once he catches sight of Cas he forgets what he was meaning to do. Cas has Dean’s right foot in his lap. His hair’s wild, skin flushed, shirt hanging open off his shoulders, delightfully dishevelled, and he’s poking at Dean’s knotted laces with the most ridiculous baffled expression, like he cannot fathom how he’s supposed to fix the problem he’s faced with. It’s so endearing Dean’s brain momentarily blanks out with affection.
Dean stays quiet for the first few blocks. The pavement is icy, not a little treacherous, so Castiel has to focus on his own feet to keep from slipping. His gaze strays sideways to Dean’s feet every couple of seconds, noting how faded the denim of his jeans is, how his boots are sturdy leather, but heavily scuffed, the heels worn down from years of use. One of the laces has snapped at some point, and Dean’s knotted it back together rather than replace it.
“I.. you…” Dean hisses in a breath. Forces his eyes open. He can’t say this when it’s replaying in his mind’s eye in high definition. “We were in Wyoming. Some podunk town. Dad’s money ran out. You were hungry and crying, and I couldn’t find anything to steal, and I didn’t have anything else to sell.”
It’s that last thought that shakes Castiel out of his daze. He’s up on his feet before he can really think, staggering out of his tucked away corner and into the wider library. Some sense of self-preservation keeps him from throwing himself out into the glare of the public eye. He doesn’t want to end up getting tossed out of the library for acting like a drunk madman, flinging himself at anyone who looks even a little like they’re searching for someone. Apart from anything else, that would be the worst first impression to make on the person who’s meant to be the love of his life.
Still, everything is organised and clean. Both the beds are made, there’s no clothes strewn around. Even the washing up is done and stacked neatly on the draining board. Castiel can’t help a frisson of surprise at that in a space inhabited by two teenage boys. But then, he reflects wretchedly, if Dean’s been keeping house for an absent father since he had to stand on a chair to reach the sink, it really
“So what you want me to believe that you realised you’re into guys in your teens and, what? Decided never to do anything about it? Only date women? That’s ridiculous, Dean. Or,” something strikes him and Sam’s expression shifts from irritated to concerned like he flicked a switch. The change does not make Dean feel any less sick about how this conversation is going.
“Some things.” Cas nods. “Being able to heal, being able to fly.” His eyes tense a little. “I don’t miss the pain of it, near the end. When my wings were broken and the grace in me wasn’t mine.”
For a sickening moment he has no idea where he is. Senses sluggish, body aching, eyes glued shut. All he can feel is hard surface, wet, cold,
Eventually he finds himself slipping into a doze, his death grip on Cas’ shirt loosening and body slumping even further, and Cas finally stirs.
perk up when the prettiest, most popular cheerleaders are out working through routines on the playing fields, their uniforms showing off swathes of possibly soulmarked skin that are normally hidden under clothes. Breaks between lessons are a hotbed of rumour and gossip,
Balzathar chokes on another hysterical laugh. For a moment Meg isn’t sure who she wants to slap more, him or Castiel and Dean, until Dean’s voice emerges from under the duvet, thick with sleep.
He’s cut off by Dean flipping his scarf over Cas’ head. He winds it round Cas’ neck, movements rough and rapid.
“You were a kid too!” Sam grabs hold of Dean’s hands and holds them against his chest. “When I was laid up in bed bitching about running out of painkillers, and wanting noodle soup instead of the tomato we had. And you went out to buy supplies. That’s where you went? That’s why you took so long?”
Eventually it mostly just makes him want to rage at the universe. How is this fair? On either of them? They’re
Then it ebbs and he’s left clinging to the shelves to stay upright, gasping and nauseated, his chest empty of every emotion but his own confusion.
Since Dean got his fucking shit together and made his mouth say the words his heart has been screaming for close enough on a goddamn decade, the iterations of Cas’ take on Dean have gotten softer. There’s so much more gentleness now, the empathetic
“Doesn’t matter what I am, I don’t let people terrorise kids.” Dean releases Cas’ hand, settles his weight. He can’t see this guy backing down without a fight. “They’re not doing anything wrong, they’re just doing what teens in love do.  You should be on your way.”
“Did I do something wrong?” Cas’ hands are still latched onto Dean’s body. A moment ago the touch was feather-light, skating over Dean’s skin in the wake of Cas’ mouth. Now his fingers tighten in a mirror of the concern that creases Cas’ brow. He hauls himself up Dean’s body to look him in the face. “Dean?”
Michael gestured almost lazily to the spinning metal device several feet above the ground in the centre of the room. It was as large as a football, and was still shining as bright as it had that awful day Cas had come home for the last time.
“Maybe not this real,” Sam said, not eating his chips with anything like her enthusiasm. “God, you really would get on well with my brother.”
Dean nodded. “I had to kill my Uncle, when he got bit out there. I don’t want to have to do it again – but I know I would. There couldn’t be anything worse than becoming one of those things out there.”
Dean tightened his grip around Cas’s face, his other hand scrabbling back through Cas’s dark hair. “Nothing, y’hear me? You did what you had to.”
Hesitantly, as though he wasn’t sure he had permission, Cas stroked a hand down Dean’s cheek. “I think I’d like that.”
The man extended a long arm out dramatically in agreement, managing to spray Ruby with rainwater in the process. “Well
Ruby smiled down at what was left of her chips. The curry sauce hadn’t tasted anything like any curry she’d ever had in her life but she was happy to accept it as such.
“Well then what? Because you’re not alright. I know we’ve been put through the wringer our whole lives, but we’ve finally got a chance at being happy, at doing what we want. So, what do you want? You were talking about getting that guitar, about looking into that job -”
As he shook his head Dean smiled and moved his face towards Cas’s so that their noses were almost touching. He could smell the fresh blood Cas was covered in, and it was intoxicating, and he was so far past wishing it wasn’t. “I don’t care,” he said. And he kissed him, because he really didn’t.
Dean snorted, nearly making the mistake of banging his head on the bars too hard. “Oh, you’re serious. No, of course he couldn’t, genius.”
Waving the reporter’s notebook towards Dean’s face Cas started smiling slightly in resignation. “This is me considering it.
“We get to go outside tomorrow – remember?” Tossing the bottle from hand to hand, Dean continued to smile. “We’re in the clear now.”
“So, what happened to the demon you fought before me, angel?” Dean asked one day. Well. It might have been another day. Time passed strangely. No one had fed them, but he hadn’t felt hungry either. Sometimes the sun moved but it never seemed to go down.
Yeah. They’d have that kind of conversation, with Dean left feeling like something had tried to rip his chest open for an hour, and then they’d be done. Dean would leave Michael’s flat, and sometimes he’d ask how he’d be spending his week. Cas got a mention, once.
Dean cried, openly, at the sight of the compound with its guarded high walls, its electric lights, at the moving silhouettes behind those windows.
That last term they spent together made Cas feel free like nothing ever had before. He let himself forget about his family and his people and their terrible, awful purpose that surely couldn’t even be true, and he focused on the moment, the details, savouring everything like he knew this wouldn’t be able to last. Committing to memory the number of freckles on Dean’s face, the lyrics to songs they sang to out of tune in the car, the noises he’d made when Cas had gone down on him for the first time.
…it was the unopened box of condoms from Sam’s care package. The box Dean had been so unexpectedly embarrassed by that he’d flung away and apparently never picked up again.
The monster smiled, eyes flashing purple. “Funny, I’m still pretty food oriented,” he said mildly. “Now you got some people of mine. How many of you do I have to take down before I can get ‘em back?”
“I forgot,” Dean said, wiping his eyes. “I forgot that’s something that scares me. I keep thinking I remember everything about myself, and then… I guess I’ve just never fixed a plane before.”
This time, Cas took a while to answer. “I’m not sure. I don’t think I had the capacity to recognise what I felt, not at first. But when we asked you to torture Alistair -”
But the hairs on the back of Cas’s neck would not lie still, and his nose insisted that they were not alone, so he kept his gun raised and ready.
Dean scrambled downstairs to answer the still ringing phone. “Just a minute,” he yelled and started methodically pressing every likely-looking button available to press. For a moment before Dean eventually landed on the right button by luck he thought he heard a man’s chuckle down the phone. It was a nice laugh, Dean let himself think as he looked out the window to watch the gates swing open… and the ugliest car he had ever seen in his life drive through them.
He picked up his communicator and switched it on for the first time since leaving the compound. He wasn’t sure why he’d brought it, other than habit. Maybe for this – knowing that he’d needed this last goodbye.
“Hello,” Cas said, as he stopped walking. The camp was quiet now, bar the occasional cough, and though Cas knew they were surrounded by his sleeping team and being guarded by three staying up to keep watch, they could have been alone out there.
The breath he sucked in whistled through his front teeth as he jerked his face, his eyes, away from Cas. “I don’t care how broken up all this makes you. Just get down there and be useful.”
Flatteringly, those blue eyes widened. “Were you at all responsible for the Blue Oyster Cult in the Chernobyl section?”
Cas sighed and continued to stroke the small animal curled up on his lap, having already decided to drown out the rest of the Winchesters’ animated discussion regarding it. Sam wanted to keep the dog. Dean did not want to keep the dog, and wanted to ensure that his warnings that the dog was somehow evil had been heard before he let Sam keep the dog. As far as Cas was concerned, that was the summation.
Dean was so fragile, so human, and he just wouldn’t stop putting himself out there to defend the compound from the ever-encroaching packs of monsters. And, no matter how much Dean started to imply he wanted to finally meet Cas’s brother, Cas couldn’t bear the thought.
give up on my family. You said you might be able to do something to get us all out of here if you made it back to full strength. So work with me here, how do we get you there?”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice made a cloud of mist in the cold air. This had to look ridiculous. Good thing no one was passing by.
Maybe this would be a good Christmas for her after all. Sex was nice, (or, ok, maybe a little earth-shattering in this instance but she was probably misremembering) but she could get that at home. What she couldn’t was a spare moment to herself, and she had that here in spades.
Though he kept walking, it was with more careful steps now. Dean had thought he’d seen something in the trees – a flash of yellow light… And he felt
“That’s… a little much. And I don’t think getting people to admit something that makes them uncomfortable to soothe my own ego would make me happier. Certainly not the happiest I’ve ever been.”
It was childish, but he didn’t like being alone in the apartment. When Dean was away, he missed the company, even if they were barely speaking.
It wouldn’t have felt weird before, was all he could think to himself the next day as he gave up on eating and started jacking himself off, ignoring the lifeless stare of the dead creature beside him. He should have eaten the eyes but again, that felt weird now, and they’d always been his least favourite part.
Not sure if he should be bolstered or disappointed by the “Nothing’s happening” Cas waited until he heard Dean end the call and stepped out to greet him.
“Yeah…” Dean agreed, looking around the room, half expecting to see the room covered in little demonic bats by now. He hadn’t been able to get any real contract out of the guy, only an assurance that Sam would get his money, and that no harm was going to come to either of them because of this deal. Though Dean was feeling twitchy for obvious reasons, he figured that should have at least covered the bases for them.
It hadn’t been an officially sanctioned mission, but with the role he had as one of the compound’s uniformed defenders, no one had questioned Dean when he left, when he’d walked out that gate alone. They had later, when a string of bodies had shown up inside the compound, all linking back evidentially to Dean’s empty sleeping quarters. People had started whispering again about the possibility of monsters hiding themselves inside the walls. Whispering very particularly that at least he’d had the good sense to end himself outside the walls before anyone had found out, that he’d had the sense to experience shame in what he was.
But it was Cas’s lips slowly parting to let him say something else that would no doubt end up being painful in unexpected and ironic little ways that had Dean start running again.
Cas bent down slowly and looked the dog in the eyes. “When I was thrown out of the Empty I came back completely the same. This body had been remade, but I’d been left in a place I’d never been, and my clothes were all new.”
He only realised how dark it had gotten when he stepped back into their main room and found everything bathed in soft blue light, that hid Dean from his view for a while. Then he realised that the lump on the couch wasn’t just blanket piled up and that there was a person under there, but he only realised this because said person was coughing.
“Hello,” he said when Dean approached, looking up with one of those almost smiles that always used to make Dean’s heart flip like pancakes in his chest.
Sam’s mouth squirmed up in a strained smile as he nodded and started walking forwards. Dutifully, the others followed, forming the suggested perimeter around the building.
“Because I wanted to find what happened to you. And now I know. And I think that despite everything, you might be happier out here than you would be in with us. At least without your memory. And if Sam couldn’t get you to remember, then…”
The December winds beating at his window, making the whole house shake, felt like they were mocking him somehow. What else did he have to look forward to?
Dean laughed, eyes rolling up to the dark sky. Fuck, it still stung hearing those words drop so easily from Cas’s lips.
“Would you like some?” Mary asked Ruby again, looking as though she were going to judge her severely on her answer.
When Anna reached them again her thoughtful expression had turned into a small smile. “I think I might have found something to help.”
(Dean had asked Cas to carry him to bed once, drunk, in another life. Cas had said no, then, that Dean was far too heavy. It was funny, the way the lies piled up.)
Apologies for slipping up on the scheduling, and for this still being a short one but I'm gonna try to get back into daily updates from here.
Still unsure, Cas nodded. Dean looked ready to break out of the ropes that had so far been binding him so successfully.
Dean had been framed, Sam was almost sure of it. And the longer Cas didn’t come back, the more certain Sam became that Cas knew why. And that wasn’t even Sam’s only worry - what if Dean was able to overpower him?
“No, I couldn’t have. Jack did bring me out of the empty, but only through some legal wrangling I’m sure Sam will be proud of. I’m human again, Dean.”
For a moment, Sam caught himself thinking of the wrong future Chuck had tried to frighten him with, before it all went wrong. Cas should be in the picture, and it wasn’t right that he wasn’t.
, why wouldn’t he? Even if it did end up a girl Deanna was a still a good, strong family name. Yeah. That kid was going to grow up with the dog and the family and the education and the –
Cas blinked. “You were worried you didn’t still know how to drive and you still let me get in the car with you?”
he smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. Yet. Dean was determined to get it there. “But then, here Ruby was dating Lilith, so I can’t really complain…”
Cas wouldn’t have knocked on Dean’s door after midnight, especially not when he could hear Bob Seger (which Dean tended to use to get to sleep) softly blaring but he could see the light streaming from under the door so he figured Dean was still up and around.
Dean had always made friends easily and kept a decent amount. Cas was the first he’d ever describe as a
, Dean thought over again as he forced himself out the door for that run he’d been putting off all day. Dean didn’t really know what he’d expected from a guy responsible for so many witty and, heart-wrenching and shocking scores, that had accompanied Dean on so many long nights of paperwork. Because the man was a genius. Not very well known for it because of the genre continually getting overturned but that was it too – that famously those movies did so well – they were never your average horror flick. The quality and humour of the direction and the standard and consistency of the scores made them stand out. There were never any long silences for the main character breathing heavily in a Meg Masters movie, and sometimes you almost wished there would be – it was too claustrophobic at times.
Cas smiled, but knew that his expression had to be strained. “I think I’m gonna clean up the couch.”
“God, you would have been handy to know before this. It’s no joke running around the country, hunting with no heath insurance.” Cas smiled absently at him, giving Dean all the encouragement he needed to keep talking. There really was nothing else to do. “One time, we were small, and Sammy got himself convinced he could fly off a roof… that was a scary day to be left alone. As much because of Sam as worrying about my Dad’s reaction.”
Turning to face the road again, Cas arranged his hands gravely on his lap. “Well I’ve heard enough about Rufus Turner’s legendary ability to hold a grudge not to want to promise that just yet. But I’m glad to be here… drinking free coffee and watching you not watch the road very well.”
“No,” Cas had agreed, and Sam again was forced to remember how frightening it was not really to understand what Cas was.
The old man rolled his eyes and leaned back on his gardening tool for support. “Let me guess. More superfans looking for a makeout spot?”
At Sam’s pointed silence, Eileen grinned. “Well, don’t tell Dean, I guess. You were right – they really did love each other.”
. She was finally going to get a chance to start reading all the books she’d spent the last few years storing onto her kindle, she could do some of that writing she’d always meant to start…
“Oh, I get it, give the carnivore vampire guy red wine. Very funny. Because I Vant to Suck zee blood.”
Mercifully, Cas leaned down to cradle his face and kiss him again. “Always,” he growled, his free, bloody hand now roughly cupping the hardening bulge at Dean’s crotch. Helpless as a stringed puppet, Dean bucked his hips up to meet him, breath hitching in his throat.
Just as Dean was about to snarl and claw the ringmaster’s face off he felt both of his arms grabbed roughly behind him by something he wasn’t able to turn to look at.
“Dean.” He shouldn’t say that he hadn’t expected to hear from him, that would sound off. “It’s good to hear from you.” And that sounded too keen.
Just like he’d always thought that if he had the chance to kiss Dean, never mind anything else, that he’d be happy.
The walkie crackled to life as Sam watched the tall man walk over the hill towards them. “We’re ready, boss,” Jo’s voice told him.
Charlie made an offended sort of squeak. “How dare you,” she said with a huff, before grinning. “Yeah. If it weren’t for
“Dude. The fuck are these frogs’ eggs doing in my fizzy wine?” Dean hissed to Victor the moment they were handed their first free glass of the night. His friend gave a critical eye to the prosecco.
Sam smirked and shook his head. “Can you imagine if you hadn’t made it home? Like if after everything,
Cas hadn’t meant to swoop down like he did. He’d just never given himself permission to think about kissing his roommate before, and now that he finally had it, holding back for even another second felt impossible. And it was just too endearing, knowing that after suggesting this character building that Dean wasn’t able to keep to it, and that thought kept Cas’s mind occupied as he gently, but firmly, guided Dean’s chin up towards him.
. But Dean kissing him and them both apparently enjoying that was not conducive to an easy living situation. Not when it was so very clear that Dean didn’t suffer these same heart palpitations at this kind of change in their everyday routine – if he did feel anything like Cas was, he wouldn’t be able to do what he just did. He certainly wouldn’t be able to suggest that they start sleeping together, for money they might get for that via the internet.
Dean flashed a grin up at him, and Cas had to again remind himself that this was all real, that he was going to get to keep this.
It felt invasive to be listening to those thoughts, never mind reacting to them, so Cas held himself back. Once, though, they were clambering over a rock face that he could have flown over and Dean turned back to offer him a hand. It was the highlight of Cas’s week, feeling Dean’s finger’s curl firmly around his wrist.
Now it was time to admit the experiment was a failure – that, shockingly, sad and lonely woman remains sad and lonely when she makes herself even more alone by removing herself from her comforting routine to the other side of the world.
Dean shrugged. Shrugged. Like this wasn’t a big deal. “Just trying to show some solidarity. I mean it’s both our rent.”
Suddenly the red plastic table they were leaning on started shuddering and Ruby realised that Sam’s phone was buzzing. She didn’t notice she was trying to read the called ID until he snatched it up so quickly that she was robbed of the chance. “I’m sorry, I have to take this,” he explained, and left the chip shop.
“Great,” Sam said, nodding and leaning his face down. Ruby was almost he was aiming for a kiss on her cheek, but then she leaned her head up at the wrong moment and now they were actually kissing in a kiss that Ruby did not want to have to stop.
“That’s…” Awesome, Dean wanted to say. Finally, somehow, they were on the same page at the same time. Even if they did have to die to get there together.
Narrowing his eyes, Cas walked over to the sink. It was bizarre, just hanging around naked in his home, not having to worry about Dean walking in on him because Dean was very much the reason for it.
“Oh yeah. Dean helped me a lot though. I was, uh, the little scrawny kid in school for a while,” Sam admitted, to a widening grin from Ruby, “but he was always around to watch my back.”
Leaning forward onto his knees, Michael narrowed his eyes in concern. “And why does that someone gotta be you?”
His brother smiled at him, like he was letting him know what he’d bought him for Christmas. “I’ve been speaking with Hannah’s family about the match for months, surely you’ve noticed.”
Dean had always known there was something… off about his best friend, something not like anyone else he’d ever met. But that had been easy to brush it away, or romanticise, depending what it was. At least once he’d heard Cas referring to humans without including himself. Dean had once been instantly cured of the worst hangover he’d ever gone through in his life after being touched by Cas on the shoulder. Cas had never seemed to need sleep, which had been exhausting through late-night study sessions and rewarding if that’s not what they’d been staying up for.
Walking in past their guards to the children’s tent, Cas allowed himself to accept that Sam was right. He did owe them all closure, if nothing else. Because finding Dean hadn’t done that yet.
Ruby did the only thing she felt was sensible to do after being left by her should-be-one-night-stand in a different country – which also happened to be currently a very cold country - and went to take a shower until her hot water ran out.
“I don’t think it’d be that hard, even,” Dean put in again, moodily, for the fourth time on their second morning as he watched Cas make himself a coffee from behind the Starbucks counter.
Dean grinned, his teeth glinting bright in the sun. “Yeah, no chance. But I -” he choked. “I really am gonna try and make it back. I won’t leave ya hanging.”
Trying his best to shut his mind off, Cas leaned back in for another kiss. Though it was awkward, keeping himself close enough to Dean without blocking the camera’s view, Cas felt his mind ease again. It would sound pathetic to say aloud, but Dean kissed like he trusted him.
“You had plenty of choices. And every time you chose not to talk to me. I was just your dumb little pet human. And now I can’t even be that. So just get out.”
Crowley had been… a lot of things to Dean over the years. When Dean had first started out in the company, Crowley had been his dick of a boss. Later, he’d become someone to bicker with over creative choices and to grab drinks with at the end of a long day. On one memorable occasion he’d technically bribed Dean with drugs. Inconsistently, they were lovers – but really only when they needed a rebound. Or if they’d managed to get particularly drunk. Or if there was nothing on the telly that night.
They stumbled on the airfield by accident, but it became a kind of home for almost a week, as they raided some supplies still untouched around the stores and argued about their plans for the machines outside.
“Well, I think you’re right. Hell, I hope you’re right, or else…” Dean trailed off, still staring at the dog, like he was waiting for it to say something. “I think that’s Jack,” he croaked.
The girl on the park bench beside him was still alive – just. Her arms, again, were gone, and her chest had been crushed by something.
“You kept some pretty big secrets the whole time we knew each other – I can’t have one or two things under my hat?” Dean snorted and turned away, but Cas only seemed to become more frantic by this, to the point of crouching beside Dean, again fruitlessly trying to meet his eyes.
Sam glanced at his brother’s nightstand and saw that Dean hadn’t left his gun out before going to bed. He must have felt safe.
Dean waved a dismissive hand in the air before Cas could finish his apology. “I figure as long as we can both still recognise each other we’re doing alright. Right?”
it felt real. The feeling of Cas’s lips, confidently pressing against his own as Cas’s hands scraped up into his hair, as though trying to stop him from moving away. “Dean, you know I’m not going anywhere. And I’d follow wherever you led.”
“I ain’t leavin’ here without you,” Benny said firmly, briefly taking his eyes off Cas to turn to look at Dean. Dean, who Sam was definitely much more afraid of being loose, but at least there were weapons trained on him that might actually work.
Smiling to himself, Cas walked out of frame to wash his hands in the kitchen sink, and then felt the urge to splash the cold water over his face. This was real, it was happening. And it seemed to be going… well?
Seeming grateful for the excuse not to look at Dean, Cas nodded grimly. “Michael’s back up plan. He started the apocalypse, but I think now that maybe he never wanted to end the world. He just wanted to control what was left of it.” His fist clenched. “Control me. He -” He looked back at Dean, eyes wide and pleading and Dean wanted to run from them. “He told me if I went through with the marriage that he’d leave you alone. And I wasn’t sure that I believed him, but then you needed more from me and I couldn’t risk -”
“I think engaging in sex work with someone you live with is a bad idea on a lot of different levels,” Cas said slowly, wishing his heartrate would start to slow along with his words. He would be lying if he claimed he hadn’t thought about sleeping with Dean before. He was very attractive, and it had been a long time before Cas had taken anyone home himself. He wasn’t really one for going out anymore, and he despised dating apps. And then Dean would be right there, making a lot of noise through their thin walls, wandering into their kitchen in his boxers with his hair all mussed up...
Dean raised his hand to start count off his fingers. “You get the salsa or the sauce or whatever and you get it on there. You use the tortillas like sheets. You get the bacon. You get the cheese.” He then proceeded to stare at Cas like Cas was asking him how to tie his shoelaces.
He thought he could feel the clouds up ahead gather towards him and wondered if Dean could see, if this looked useful to him.
Dean took off again before the sun was fully up, just as Cas had noticed he was awake and had tried to bring up the topic of their route and the fact that he had a working compass with him. He’d gotten a sneer for his efforts and Dean had slunk off without a word.
Dean shrugged as he watched Crowley make an obnoxious cocktail order. “Maybe you should. Y’know. Throw your weight around a little, remind ‘em who’s boss.”
Making a face, Dean shook his head. “God, no. I’m not stressing my Mom out anymore. She still helps Sammy with his, and she’s spending all her time running after her parents.” He rolled his eyes. “Grandpa Sam is the most stubborn, awful old bastard you’ve never met, and he thinks this whole thing’s a hoax. He’s gonna give my poor granny a heart attack if he doesn’t give her the plague first.”
Cas followed him out into the warm air of the early evening, wearing that damned fond look that Dean wanted to bask in for a whole year.
A few moments of Dean holding his breath he lashed out and bashed at the steering wheel, the wheel that he always told Sam to be more careful with. And in the middle of the empty highway he slammed on the breaks and brought the Impala to a stop, gripping the steering wheel like a lifeline and staring sightlessly out the window.
They noticed Dean and his heavy footfall immediately, but they all kept their yellow eyes trained on Cas. Dean doubted they were dumb enough to want to eat him – it was much more likely that they’d sensed he was the threat to beat in the room. But Dean still had their attention in the same way they had his – everybody in the gaping empty room was as exposed as they were edible. Though unlike these sons of bitches – who all looked younger than him, and Dean couldn’t and shouldn’t let himself forget that – Dean didn’t have any venomous teeth on side.
Swallowing, Dean focused on the man sharing his prison. “And what would an angel want to wish for, exactly?”
“I’m just saying… Maybe Cas wants to try other things. He’s not got to do much for fun, like, ever. Maybe treat him to something more than your favourite cowboy and slasher movies sometimes.”
Dean raised an eyebrow and slumped himself down on his bed. “This your idea of a party? Fuck, you need more friends, dude…”
Dean barked out a laugh and clapped what felt like a brotherly hand down on Cas’s shoulder as he passed him to leave the kitchen. “Must be doing something right then.”
The iron disapproval on Cas’s face began to melt back into something soft. “He’s a forgiving God. Somehow, we taught him that much.” Cas reached for Dean’s hand and finally holding onto it felt like the easiest thing in the world. Like they were meant to hold each other like that, like they’d been practicing.
The dog was… tiny, and seemed a little pathetic, but thanks to a lifetime of bad luck Sam couldn’t just dismiss it as harmless. So he regarded it for at least thirty seconds before crouching down and scratching it behind its round, whiskery ears.
Sam crouched to get down to Cas’s eye level as he might for encouraging a child. “Yes, you can,” he said, not raising his voice but somehow increasing the intensity behind it. “Because I think you owe him this much.”
Dean kept running until he smelled food. He might not have finished muddling through the morality of all that in his head yet, but he was damn sure he was hungry.
The room seemed to still, though the inane chatter on the TV continued, and the upstairs dishwasher seemed to have started moving again. Eventually, still too frightened to look his roommate in the eye again, Cas gestured in front of them. “Well we’d certainly be better matched than Jessica and either of her suitors.”
“I was happy, alright? Cas was alive and I was gonna see him, and you were there -” His brain seemed to cut off feeding words to his mouth, which paused in an “O” shape that might have been comical if his eyes didn’t look so sad.
For a moment Cas was half-convinced Sam was about to snarl at him. “Just, watch him, alright? I’ll be back.”
But I’m here, Dean reminded himself, firmly, flexing his fingers. I’m here, I’ve made it… I’m gonna make it, maybe, he finished lamely, as Mr Blue Eyes stretched his arms above his, crossing his fingers together tightly…
Sam blinked, but only because there was now a hand waving between his eyes and their view of Ruby, who had just walked in the front entrance of the pub, looking for all the world like she wasn’t there to meet anyone and didn’t need to.
Dean took one last look around. Maybe something was following him, but it wasn’t visible. No need to raise any alarms.
“It honestly would be better for them if I had died.” Once, the words would have been difficult to say, but Cas had had nearly a decade of practice now. Besides, hearing himself reiterate the truth of the situation out loud always helped remind him of how utterly ridiculous it was.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “We get therapy? Buddy, some days we don’t get and allowance for rations or bullets. But we get
Sam laughed and pulled back a moment to wipe at his eyes. “He arrived just after you closed your eyes. He healed you – then he disappeared and then you – you woke up. Jack – Jack must have brought him back, just like we were hoping.”
It turned out that Michael had been thinking about this for months. He felt that they had long since passed A Judgement upon humanity, and he’d missed the comforts of his old life. When he received word about what Anna had been doing to the other devices around the world, he’d done nothing to guard their home, and had, instead, waited.
She could make decisions based on nothing more than the fact that she wanted to do them. Which was intimidating, to say the least.
“Congratulations.” Sinking himself into the chair across from Cas, Dean watched Cas carefully bookmark the book and put it down on the table between him, choosing to focus his whole attention on Dean once more. “Oh, I heard from Sam. Him and Mom are fine, they’ve finished up with the ghoul thing.”
Just one other figure was up, crouched over a small travel cafetiere. Smiling grimly and shaking his head at the sight, Sam walked over to join them, glad that coffee was one of the few luxuries that the compound hadn’t yet run out of. They hadn’t planned for the apocalypse, not the way it arrived. By the time any order had been established in their particular fortress town, all the supermarkets and grocery stores had long since been looted, but not many had bothered taking anything from Starbucks but its most immediate perishables.
Cas didn’t really know what it was though. “I didn’t find the original movies as compelling as I was told they would be, and I’ve been informed that the prequels are actively bad, so what would endear me to them?”
Clutching the waistcoat to his chest like a shield, Dean turned around. “Uh, you do not get to say that kinda shit when the camera’s not rolling.
Dean shrugged and stared forwards. “Look, it sounds ridiculous when you put it like that, I know, but it’s
It had been almost two and a half years since Dean had given Cas his set of keys to their first apartment together, and a few days after that that Dean had made the comment.
Eileen shrugged, smiling. “Well it’s a festive night, we should be trying to match the mood. Oh, and Dean, I just… need to tell you that I found your new work incredibly beautiful.”
Cas wasn’t sure what, if anything, he was hoping for himself. The Winchester brothers may have survived for years alone on the outside of the walls, but Cas knew a few more extra things about monsters and everything else out there.
Despite what Dean had accused him of only days ago, Cas was no prude. None of these touches were unpleasant, or even unwanted for him – or at least, not exactly. They just weren’t normal. It had never been
Dean took a long sigh out, looking up at the clouds dyed red from the setting sun. “I forget sometimes, that that’s always what you were. That you didn’t just change overnight like me.”
To Dean’s surprise, Sam held his gaze even as it became a scowl. Giving up, Dean shook his head and attempted a laugh. It sounded miserable. “He’s not human, Sam, that’s all I know. Leave the rest alone.” With effort, Dean raised his head again. “Tell me about you. How’ve you been?”
The door wasn’t locked, or barred, and Cas and Sam walked into the dark chapel unhindered. The windows let in some cracks of light from them, but the stain glass had long ago been boarded up, some long-forgotten safety effort made by a previous inhabitant. Though he had not informed Sam of the particular ability, Cas was grateful that his limited night vision allowed him sight of the obstacles, or rather lack of obstacles, ahead of them. The place seemed to be empty.
“And I’m terrified,” Dean continued, like now he’d started it was beyond him to stop talking, “because if this works and we lose you... last time you went into that place I thought that was it and I.... I didn’t cope, man. I gave up. And I was so close to just...”
“Well,” Castiel said as he examined his fingernails, “this one was too cowardly to die, and wished for punishment for his failures.”
They didn’t talk much as the album played through, but they sang together sometimes, in back and forth rhythms that had belonged to them in a different vehicle, in a different life. Against what felt like all odds, Cas’s head wiggling through
After a shower and answering most of the barrage of texts sitting on his phone Dean was feeling a little readier to face what was left of the day.
Every time he paused in anything he was concentrating on, no matter where he was in the camp, he felt Dean’s cold eyes staring at him, could see them whenever he closed his own. People seemed to sense his mind was elsewhere, or they were quietly pitying him for the pain they perceived he was going through for reasons few of them knew anything about.
it, and he knew the body extricating itself from the light too. But he didn’t want to know, didn’t want to remember.
But Dean still didn’t feel like it. Sure, it was late, but they’d worked all night to get their man, or ghost, back in the day. Giving up this early felt like… well, like giving up, especially with a case as nearby as this one. But Cas looked so fond, and the chair was comfy and the bourbon they’d dug up went down pretty smooth.
“You fill up my senses like a night in the forest, like the mountains in springtime, like a walk in the rain -”
But he was probably stronger, Dean thought as he squared his shoulders, doing his best to make himself look bigger.
Garth and Rufus emerged with the kids and Benny didn’t look back as they walked away together. Monsters didn’t spend much time on regret from what Sam could tell.
Not sure how to react to the unexpected clause added to Dean’s demand, Cas folded his arms. “Whatever you say, Dean. Just let me know if it fits.”
Cas slowly opened his eyes. They still looked human, but they made Dean want to squirm even worse than he would have under the laserbeams’ attention. “I’d like to see that.”
“Didn’t think it was your turn on watch, Cas,” Sam pointed out as he took a seat across from the biologist on one of the logs they’d dragged over to their fire the night before.
“Hey there, little… fella.” The dog leaned into his hand slightly, and though its eyes were still sad, its tail started to wag weakly.
Taking a long breath out, Sam glanced at the angels, who were also deep in what looked like a goodbye conversation.
“Think they got a generator downstairs,” Dean mumbled when Cas remarked on it again. He didn’t remember deciding to start leaning on Cas instead of his end of the couch. But he’d spent all his time as a monster doing exactly what felt right, and Dean was just so tired of pretending this wasn’t that.
Then they got to Cas unbuttoning Dean’s waistcoat and shirt, and Cas reached for the nipple clamps. The batteries were necessary because they vibrated. But since Cas had only tried them out on his fingers so far, he was nervous in actually putting them to their correct use, but Dean looked at him like he didn’t have any worries – like Cas could do whatever he liked to him and he’d just lie there staring at him.
Dean reddened. “Look, I didn’t exactly stock up for this, and it’s not like you’ve pooled in any supplies.”
“Hey, I gave it a try.” Dean’s grip on Cas’s coat tightened and loosened and tightened again. “I was going to get a job, settle down a little. I got a dog, d’you see that? But -”
Cas hadn’t even given a thought since finding Dean about why he’d left the compound. But Sam was right - none of that story, constructed by the authorities, by Cas himself afterwards, now made any sense.
And since he couldn’t see anything himself, he had no idea what the dog was trying to point at. It seemed more on edge than it usually did for squirrels.
“I got lucky, I’m sure,” Blue-eyes conceded, keeping his voice a measured whisper. Funny, there was no one else there and they should have already left but it still felt proper to whisper. “Are you trying to stay here after hours?”
Cas sighed and began leading Dean up his cabin steps. “If it’s conflict you’re missing there’s a few choice speeches I have prepared for your father. Would you like me to accompany me in delivering them?”
“He’s not real,” Jack said quietly, almost as if to remind himself. Then he met Dean’s eyes again. “Dean, none of this is real, and Sam needs you to come back. You’ve already been in here too long.” He shrugged his lanky arms. “I was the last resort.”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it. You deserve to be here, you failed at whatever it was you were trying to do, the world doesn’t need you, and there’s nothing out there for you. But then don’t just do it for you – do it for Charlie.”
“I never thought to ask.” And maybe a lot of things could have been different if Cas had thought to ask questions while there were still people to give him answers.
Cas sighed so hard Dean thought the cage bars might rattle. “I don’t know. Maybe.” Then he met Dean’s eyes again. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I should have known you had a tragic backstory,” she muttered to Sam after following him through to the pantry – because he had a fucking pantry room – to help grab the dessert she seemed to be joining them for.
was real and still standing. He could take Ruby’s car and drive for a couple of days and see what his childhood home was looking like these days…
And the weird thing was that they did – he did. The guy – Garth – was a distracting natterer and Dean focused on his breathing, focused on his borrowed fucking fidget cube and flicking the switch part of it on and off and on again. And it felt like an eternity of torment but by the time the pilot announced their descent Dean almost felt like he could remember how to breathe again like a normal living person.
Dean’s voice, wavering like he was unsure about who could be creeping around their house in the middle of the night, was surprisingly coming from the living room. Taking a deep breath to steady himself, Cas changed direction and rounded the corner. There Dean was again on that spot on the couch – waiting for Cas to do something.
Shaking his head at the door, Cas continued to smile. “Too nice” was rarely something anyone would describe him as.
Then he got up to get himself a bowl of cereal because he had no idea what time it was and none of the normal rules seemed to matter anymore.
, but it hadn’t felt right not having his own car. This trip was supposed to be getting out there more, not sitting at home in someone else’s home.
“I wasn’t…” Jack bit his lip and took a seat beside Dean. A little too close. “I just thought that’s what you were supposed to say when people are sad.”
Looking as though Dean had just verbally slapped him, the angel started paying a lot more attention.
Benny shrugged. Dean remembered ifs and buts and maybes had never really been words that had fit into their vocabulary. They weren’t people who sat around thinking or feeling their way through life – they just did things, and maybe that was always who they’d been.
The purple light seemed to dim and for a moment Cas caught his breath – despite himself allowing hope to sweep over him, to let himself think it was a spark of recognition he saw glowing there. He had never known it to be true of any turned individual he’d found in his years of research, but surely if anyone could defy the odds, defy the science then it had to be –
The girls dissolve into giggles again. They’re so loud this time that the librarian stands and comes over, berating them in hushed tones. Though they’re chastened, the girls still exchange glances and one of them jerks her thumb towards Castiel before pulling a mocking, exaggeratedly serious expression.
Sam mostly leaves them to it, but he smiles at Dean when they pass in the corridor, pulls grilled cheese for all of them out of nowhere around lunchtime, brings Dean a beer in the late afternoon, near the end of the second Led Zeppelin record Dean’s put on.
But then Cas glances at him with heavy-lidded eyes, grins a little wicked, and every other thought slips from Dean’s head.
And here, blanketed in Cas’ body, with Cas’ hands on his skin, in the bed they’ve chosen to share, for the first time in a long time, he actually thinks he might be.
“Sam made me tell him.” Dean has to whisper it. No matter what he tries, his voice won’t come out louder than the quietest breath. “Tell him what I- what I did. When we were kids. For money. So he- fuck. Fuck, Cas, I can’t say it again, don’t ask me to-“
Castiel flushes. “Oh. Um.” He has no idea how to respond. This wasn’t how he expected this conversation to go. “No, I- no.”
After they’re done puttering about town, they head out to a garden centre near the highway. Dean lets Cas drag him around the whole place exclaiming over plants and telling him about the history of food cultivation on earth from a first-hand perspective, and the importance of bees in pollination, and doesn’t complain once.
Castiel already had a few ideas about what Dean might be like from their months of emotional connection. Curious, affectionate, funny. And kind, always kind. But this, this convinces him that above all else Dean is brave.
like that first time. That had been a tsunami, overwhelming and inescapable. This is tentative. Wavering in and out of existence. The brief flashes of it Castiel can grab onto feel like
Cas summons some energy from god knows what reserve inside and drags up a shaking hand to Dean’s cheek.
Anxiety still prickles under Castiel’s skin, a needle-sharp dread he can’t blunt just by willing it away, but he nods. Dean’s right, there’s no point fixating on a future that’ still entirely uncertain. And much as he might want to offer Dean some kind of comfort, let him know Cas is here if Dean ever wants to talk, he knows without having to think that it’s not something he can give if Dean isn’t ready for it.
,” he mutters to himself, angry at his own cowardice. “Just use the private browser, she’ll never know.”
, there’s something about him that could turn her inside out with a well-placed smile if she let him.
“So it’s just you and Sam here?” Castiel tries to phrase it carefully, not put too much stress on it to gloss over his concern driving the question. He needn’t have bothered. Dean just snorts at him immediately, already able to see straight through any dissemblance Cas tries to play.
Cas’ hand jerks away, and Dean sucks desperate air in through his teeth, forces himself to look down.
, Cas trailing behind him wearing the fondly exasperated expression he so often does around Dean. Bal leans away, face morphing from excitement to ease as he reaches for the food. Meg follows suit, filing the new information into her internal evidence folder on Dean and Cas’ baffling relationship, but as she snags the cheesiest pizza slice she can reach, she catches Balthazar’s eye over the plate and understanding flashes between them.
“Dad didn’t leave enough. Sometimes.” He whispers finally. His voice is so quiet he can barely hear it himself. “I- I- didn’t. I had to. To keep you safe.”
“I guess staring at each other for a solid minute isn’t how normal people meet each other,” the boy says with a brief grin so glowing Castiel’s almost knocked straight back into that exact astonished staring. It makes the corners of his eyes crinkle and Castiel has to fight to look away from them and meet his gaze again.
Then there’s a shuffle of footsteps next to him and the thump of a body hitting the floor gracelessly.
“Did you want a woman?” He asks carefully. He tries to keep his voice even but despite his best efforts a crack creeps in on the last word. He clamps his mouth shut and wipes his face blank, stamping down the tendril of despair rooting at the back of his throat. If Dean says yes to that he’s not going to let him know just how much it will hurt him.
When they break apart Cas tightens his hold on Dean’s collar, keeps him close enough to brush their noses together.
“Emotional confluence,” Cas mutters, glancing down at his covered wrist again. What was it he’d felt, in that sudden, overwhelming moment? He can’t really remember what
your soulmate,” A different girl, blonde this time, bangs and expensive diamond earrings, giggles so loud the librarian at the desk looks up and frowns. “Think of what he’d be like in bed, the way he talks.” She drops her voice low. “
“Sorry sweetheart,” he mumbles into Cas’ lips. “Laughin’ at me, not you.” He sighs a little and leans on the solidity of Cas’ chest. “Wanted it to be perfect for once. Trust me to go fuck it up in such a stupid way.”
“You know that’s all nonsense, Castiel,” she says sharply, every time. “You should focus on your studies, not mooning over some hypothetical girl.”
doesn’t cover it, Castiel thinks with a wry smile, but he keeps the thought to himself. Instead, he runs his fingers back over the curve of Dean’s shoulder blade, revelling in the feel of Dean’s skin against his own, noticing for the first time how Dean’s freckles dust his shoulders too. Dean seems to melt into the contact, leaning back into Cas’ touch with a soft sigh, so Cas carries on, following the shape of each feather and marvelling at how the colours light up in welcome. Neither of them speaks, but all the awkwardness of earlier is washed away, leaving only a comfortable quiet.
Meg swallows. A chill realisation that she might, perhaps, have been spectacularly obtuse crawls up her back.
Sam heads out after washing up, going to meet Eileen at a bar in town. Once the door bangs shut behind him, Dean pulls Cas out of his seat at the kitchen table, presses him into the closest wall and kisses the vanilla and honey off his tongue.
His first instinct is to flatly disbelieve it, but Dean’s looking at him with something close to awe in his eyes, and Castiel feels the truth of it echoing through their bond to snuff out his doubt, set something new and shy fluttering in his ribs.
The desire to punch Naomi square in the nose surges in him so strongly his hand twitches. Sucking his breath in, he closes his eyes and pictures it as he breathes slow and even. The shocked widening of her eyes just before the blow lands. How her nose would crunch under his knuckles. The sick satisfaction of showing her that he’s not her chew toy. His fingers itch to curl into a fist.
“Come on Cas, breathe with me okay? In through your nose, out through your mouth. C’mon sweetheart, focus on me now.”
“Dean.” Cas interrupts, and this time his name comes short and exasperated, but underpinned with a current of unmistakable adoration. “How many times do I have to tell and show you that you’re the
He’s so consumed by his spiralling thoughts that it takes him a moment to register that his feet have stopped walking of their own accord. The hook in his heart isn’t tugging him forward any more. Now it’s pulling down, rooting him in place. The command to
No. One glance is enough to prove that wrong. Every person in the pews is familiar. There’s no new face to match the call inside him. They’re not, can’t be here.
His voice is deep with a hint of an accent that’s not there enough for Castiel to grasp. He likes the sound of it though. It feels warm and safe, exactly how he’s imagined it would these past months.
“I don’t flirt with anyone but you.” He mutters, rebellious. “Fuck if I know why though, when you’re this irritating.” And next to him Dean’s laugh peals out like a bell.
Dean unpicks the double knots as quickly as he’s able, but with Cas rucking Dean’s sleeve up to kiss the handprint scar and trailing fire over Dean’s back wherever his touch falls, Dean’s fingers fumble frustratingly and his mind keeps wandering off task.
Castiel wants to say something. Anything. Take a step forward, hold out his hand in greeting, even simply smile. But this doesn’t feel real enough to trust. Castiel is suspended in world of glass and spun sugar. One wrong move, one wrong breath, and it will shatter around him and crack him open with it. So he stands with all the words he wants to spill out trapped behind his teeth and does nothing but stare.
Dean responds without thinking, sliding one arm around Cas’ shoulders and his other hand up to hold Cas’ cheek.
Dean looks at him for a long moment. Castiel forces his breathing to stay even. Keeps himself open. Lets Dean feel all the apprehension and dread curdling in his stomach. Dean’s expression is soft, a touch of a smile, but his eyes stay distantly sad, so Cas knows what’s coming before Dean even begins to answer. It doesn’t make the words sting any less.
But Cas just laughs softly and shakes his head, says “no, he’s still not my boyfriend,” and Meg supposes she’s meant to believe there’s someone else. She can’t see how though. With all the time Cas spends with Dean, there’s no way he’s fitting in a boy or girlfriend on the side. Probably he was just trying to find a way of saying no to her that was gentler than a flat
They barely make it into the corridor before Cas crowds Dean into the wall and crushes their mouths together. Dean kisses back, sinking for a second into the heat of Cas’ mouth, the hard lines of his body, before the tiny fraction of his brain that’s still coherent remembers
Cas shudders bodily, eyes closing. “I know.” His voice is rough. “I thought I was going to lose you. Again.”
His voice cracks on the curves of the words. He smiles at Cas but it’s brittle, the edges splintering.
Cas considers. He screws his eyes up to think and that actually makes Dean smile, genuinely this time.
The following weeks blur slowly together and Castiel feels that undercurrent more and more often.  He isn’t sure if he just never noticed it before, too wrapped up in his own tentative joy at their connection, or if he’s only starting to sense it now as their souls are slowly learning each other better. Either way, it’s slowly dawning on him that it wasn’t a one off that first time he felt it. It’s not an occasional thing. It comes and goes without any rhythm, but it’s there so often that within weeks Castiel realises he’s more surprised by its absence than its presence.
Dean blushes scarlet again but a sheepish smile tugs the corner of his mouth and he leans slightly into Castiel’s hand.
He’s filling the glass at the sink when the back of his neck prickles. He squeezes his eyes shut for a brief second, clenches his hand around the glass to repress the tremors threatening to shudder across the surface of the water.
“Really am sorry.” Dean’s fingers slide clumsily up to brush Cas’ cheek. Cas closes his eyes for a second, presses his hand onto Dean’s shoulder.
“My…what?” Dean frowns. He always figured his soul must be a painful thing to behold, tarnished with a lifetime of wrong choices and wrongdoing, of mistakes and selfishness and death. But the way Cas talks about it, anyone would think he’s made of starlight.
be. When he’s young his daydreams are mostly softness, warmth. An idea of a smile and a hand holding his tight. As he ages images, sensations, define themselves more clearly. He thinks of strong hands, a deep voice whispering devotion in his ear, stubble under his fingertips, against his cheek. Desires that thrum anxiously through his nerves when he wonders what Naomi would say if she knew.
“Not much of a gun guy, huh?” Dean ribs gently. He bumps Castiel softly with his elbow and Castiel swallows hard as a tingle from the brief contact runs through him.
It’s not always the same. The dominant emotion slips from anger to fear, back again. Sometimes there’s pain, sometimes not. The one constant is a foundation of gnawing worry that rises and falls in intensity but never fades away.
This year Castiel is drawn to the window earlier than usual. There’s a good ten minutes until midnight and the sky outside is black and empty. Still, Castiel is jittery, excited. His soulmate is sparkling tonight, all boundless energy and impatient anticipation. Something must be about to happen, and even though he has no idea what Castiel loves sharing their delight, loves how unashamed they are of their joy.
Cas finishes threading the needle, douses it one last time in disinfectant. He puts Dean’s arm over his back to keep it out of the way and sets to work on the first stitch.
Touching his fingertips to his lips and blinking back tears, he looks up into the firelit sky and smiles.
Dean hasn’t made a sound, but Cas still looks up. He’s smiling until his eyes fix on Dean’s face. Then the smile slips instantly, concern overwriting his features.
It’s only when Cas goes to curl around him in bed that night that Dean grabs his wrists, pushes him back and pins him down on the mattress. He props himself over Cas, folds his arms on Cas’ chest and frowns down at him. Cas blinks back up, blue eyes wide and innocent.
It’s brief, and when Cas pulls away he doesn’t say anything. He just fixes Dean with a devastating stare that carries a thousand jumbled words and emotions at once.
Dean shoves past him, grabs Cas’ hand and pulls him up. He turns to the man without letting go, holding Cas behind him.
Dean shrugs one shoulder, fastens an extra coat button to hold the scarf in. His fingers linger for a beat longer than he needs, then his hands drop to pick up the gun and he starts walking again.
always here for you to talk to. Not just about this, about anything.” Sam squeezes Dean’s elbow one last time and drops his hand. “Anything at all.”
Castiel blinks, gasps, staggers back. His breath catches hard in his throat and he sinks to his knees, staring.
“Yeah I know,” Dean replies and Cas grabs him by the collar and kisses him, hard and fast in the middle of the sidewalk. A passerby huffs at them, but Dean could not give less of a fuck. He just catches onto Cas’ elbow, his hair, leans in.
“My bed’s the one nearer the door,” he says. “You wanna sit there? Probably easiest if I’m by you and turn around, right?”
Shaking, he pulls himself slowly back upright, glancing around to see if anyone witnessed… whatever that was. To his relief there’s no one in sight and no sound comes from the rows of shelves nearest him. With the kind of luck he’s shown so far in life, he’d almost expected one of his more vindictive classmates to be standing behind him. Probably filming Castiel’s panic to post on whatever the latest social media trend is.
Dean’s voice cracks. His head drops down to rest on Cas’ hair. Cas feels Dean’s whole body shudder against him.
Dean hisses a little. His body jerks with the imagined pain of it, the unceasing, grinding agony. “For how long?”
Dean blinks his eyes open once, sees Meg and Balthazar in the doorway and immediately closes them again. He pulls Cas back down onto the pillows and buries his face into Cas’ neck. He doesn’t say anything out loud, but Meg does think she catches a whisper of
Distantly, he lifts his other hand, presses a fingertip to the familiar-unfamiliar line of colour around his wrist. It doesn’t feel any different. Even to his numbed senses it still feels barely raised from the rest of his skin, a slender line like a healed scar. How is it that it can be so fundamentally altered but still feel the same as it always has? Even looking at it shakes something loose inside Castiel, makes him feel raw and new and unknown to himself inside his own skin, and yet it’s still there under his touch, the same as it’s been every day for nearly seventeen years.
Dean shrinks against the wall. The cold of the stone is all too similar to other walls from lifetimes ago and his body shudders viscerally. He pulls in a breath. It catches in his throat like a sob.
So he keeps to the tall rows of shelves, flitting from row to row, floor to floor, scanning the faces of the browsing patrons with increasing confusion. People are searching the collection, bending over books on the tables, reading curled up in the comfortable chairs. None of them pays him any mind. Not one of them so much as glances up at him as he passes.
This year, though, the mundanity of it feels less unbearably tedious; the isolation of it less a wasteland of loneliness. When the hockey captain shoulder checks him into a locker, when the cattier girls smirk and whisper behind their hands as he passes, he can reach out inside like reaching out with his hand, and his soulmate always answers. And it’s not just a one-way street. More and more his soulmate will reach out first, offering and asking for contact as freely as Castiel himself.
“Cas?” Dean sounds nervous. He doesn’t move, but Cas can hear the shake in his voice echoing the tremble low in Cas’ insides.
Dean pushes himself even closer against Cas’ body, slots his thigh between Cas’ and presses into him. Cas groans between his teeth.
He’d passed his shying away from people and the raspy voice off as a touch of flu to a questioning Sam. Hid the bruises behind scarves and high neck jumpers and turned up coat collars and made fake-cheerful complaints about the cold.
The motel sign has come into view further down the street when Dean finally lets out a long breath and his emotions slip back into focus. Nervousness. Determination. A faint undertow of dread that sets Castiel’s nerves on edge.
Then Dean pushes the motel door open, turns and gestures Castiel towards him with a smile that derails every thought in his head.
Except. In a way, he can. All the times he’s apologised to Naomi for expressing an opinion she didn’t approve of, for doing something he didn’t know he wasn’t supposed to do, apologised even after she deprived him of meals or meted out some other punishment just for daring to show a flicker of a personality that didn’t match her expectations… it’s only a small step from that to where his soulmate is.
“Good morning, Mr. Novak?” His greeting is a lilt. It’s a question. Is this asshole mocking me because I look like I woke up from the biggest hangover of my life? Well fuck him! He doesn’t get to judge.
I pull off him. Leaning forwards and getting a small blue tube out of the glove compartment. He’s back on me before I’m even properly sitting. Our movements are urgent, fast, and edgy. I should prep him with three, don’t have the patience to though.
“Well I was just running from you, so I guess that’s self-explanatory,” Cas said before turning away, only to be yanked forward by Dean.
“And you’re not,” she says, more to herself than to me. I roll my eyes at her and sweep her to me. Kissing her with the taste of Cas still on my tongue. She tries to lift up my shirt but I shake my head slightly. If she does that, she’ll see the mark Cas left on my shoulder. The boy bites there when he comes. She’ll see, and I can’t have that, now can I?
His tongue moved over Dean’s as Cas’s hands unbuckled Dean’s belt. Dean groaned as Castiel’s mouth moved from his lips to his jaw, his lips and light stubble creating a perfect pattern of soft and hard over Dean’s skin.
“You’re such a dork,” I say, reaching forward, fisting Cas’ shirt and pulling him in. Our lips met with force, bruising against each other. Cas must taste the blood on my lips, but he opens up – pliable, willing, all mine. Castiel’s fingers graze my hair, blunt fingers dragging against skin and I hold onto his hips. Cas backs away suddenly – our mouths separating, his breathing is fast, erratic.
“Do you want me to stop?” Dean said smirking slightly as his fingers started to undo the buttons on Cas’s shirt. Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, before leaning into the kiss again. Castiel could almost feel Dean’s self consciousness as an actual living thing in the room with them. Dean had no idea what he was doing at all. And Castiel found that enthralling.
The music stops and I mourn for it. I knock again, harder. The door opens slightly. He looks at me. He shuts the door.
I huff. He thinks I brought him here to fuck him. He really thinks I’d fuck him in school. He thinks we could be quick enough. Could we?
His eyes found blue at the other side of the crowd. Castiel. For the last hour, Dean had been making a point to look the other way everytime Castiel had looked his way. But this time Cas was talking to Benny – so Dean looked.
Cas looked at his brother’s arm around Sam’s shoulder and it hit. Cas smirked, surprised that a casual display of affection from his gay brother could give him such an idea.
An hour later, everyone was pretty much bored with the game. Half of the group was dancing around the diner, Sam and Gabe included. The other half was sitting and drinking beer and snacking on cheap nachos and cheese. Dean was the latter group – already bored with this start of summer vacation party.
Dean moaned when one of Castiel’s hand gripped him lower, the other still pining him down.He was somewhere between tears of frustration, utter ecstasy  He tentatively moved his own hand to Castiel’s hair, threading there when he didn’t push his hand away. Castiel bent more forward, getting more determined as he removed the hand from Dean’s hips and started to stroke the length of him his mouth couldn’t reach.
I can afford a house. Hell, I can afford a dozen of them. But do I want them? Fuck no. Vanity, thankfully, is not one of my many vices. I prefer my New York apartment. Small, functional and very low-key. Protected by cameras and a guard. But still my space. Except when fucking Meg is there. Then she is poking around and cleaning and trying to
Cas reeled back slightly, “I can’t look at you? Of course I can look at you. Have you seen yourself?”
“What?!” Castiel said, grinding his teeth to stop himself from shouting and getting Gabriel and Sam to come down.
He glares at me, looking like he might punch me. Then he breaks. His eyebrows twitch slightly as he blinks quickly – and then he’s pulling me into him. His breath washes over my neck as he buried himself into me, his chin resting on my shoulder.
Cas delved his tongue deeper into Dean’s mouth, swallowing the sounds he was making so he could save them for later, to play on loop in his mind forever. Cas reached behind Dean, threading his finger’s in his brown locks as he angled Dean’s face, biting at his lower lip as he moaned. Cas leaned back, breaking the kiss as both of them inhaled a deep breath.
“I understand,” he says. He’s not looking at me. He’s looking at the floor. I told him not to fall for me when this all started. He said he wouldn’t. This shouldn’t hurt him.
Oh for fuck’s sake! So what if I screwed our social media manager’s daughter once upon a time. It wasn’t as if she didn’t initiate it.
“Clean yourself up, you look like a fucking mess,” He whispered before running a hand through his distraught hair. Dean looked at him – flushed face, swollen lips, and sweat decorating every part of visible skin.
Dean knew Castiel was close. His hands were grabbing into Dean’s hair as if he was holding onto them for dear life. His head was thrown back, his eyes shut as he groaned and whispered Dean’s name. Every move that made Castiel stutter – Dean memorized and repeated until Castiel was a sweating, trembling mess. Dean took Castiel in deeper, gagging slightly when his length touched the back of his throat but not stopping.
Something akin to hurt flickers across his face, but it’s gone as fast as it came. He can do that. Turn off emotions like a fucking switch. He nods.
Cas’s frown deepened. He knew Dean was a pretty ballsy guy. What could he dare the guy to do that would make him regret choosing the latter option?
Anna says, her voice rising a little and I look to the door. Sam’s outside. Anna follows my gaze and closes her eyes, sighs, and speaks lower, “It’s Castiel. It’s a guy, Dean. Are you… are you like
He and Sam were sitting in the living room of the Novak house. Sam had his head rested on Gabriel’s shoulder as they watched a movie Dean’s brother adored. Dean was an avid hater of chick flicks and could hardly contain his disgust. Sam believed in romance, and he had gotten his romance in Gabriel. Dean was happy for his brother, if not slightly envious. Sam had always been one for relationships. And Dean had always been the one nighter. He had never been unhappy about it. Not until Castiel.
I frowned, “No reason to punch me. He’s my best fucking friend.” I think Benny, out of all people, should just blindly accept everything I do. After all the fucked up shit we’ve done and been through together, me kissing Cas in the locker room wasn’t really
Castiel’s words echo in my head like they usually do and have done. However, these words are the ones that echo most these days. My success was stumbled upon. Everyone knows it. The fans know it. The tabloids know it. The reporters know it. But I know it more than anyone else does.
He felt Castiel smirk against his skin, as he moved from his jaw to his ear, nibbling at the skin there. His hands gripped Dean’s cock under his jeans. Dean sighed, “Cas…”
His mind kept drifting to the kiss. About how Castiel’s lips had felt against his. How good his hands had felt in his hair. The noises he had made. How he had pulled Dean from the chair. He had been uncomfortably hard ever since the kiss and couldn’t wait to go home.
I raise my eyebrows. The fuck does he think he means? I’m here because he’s hurting. I mean…I’m not that selfish.
Dean scowled at that and Cas raised his eyebrows. He knew he was being unkind to Dean. But if Dean wanted Castiel, then Dean would be only Castiel’s.
The person Crow was talking to looks at me. The green of his eyes startle me for a split second. I expect him to be struck. Like people usually are in my company. However, he smiles slightly and nods. Who the fuck…
There’s suddenly a bad taste at the back of my throat. The taste of poison. I remember Castiel’s father on the table, praying. The strict Christian man.
Not that Dean would’ve minded. He was on his own cloud of joy as he took in more and more of Castiel’s length without gagging. His own cock was feeling
He throws me off of him. He’s shaking his head profusely, wiping his mouth. His breathing is irregular. My eyebrows draw together in confusion and I start towards him again. He stops me with a hand to my shoulder.
Cas pulled Dean towards him, sliding his lips over his, pulling his bottom lip in between and he huffed a little breath against Cas, groaning.
The door abruptly swings open and my fist stops in midair as I stare at him, stupefied. There’s a big purple bruise on his jaw, and his wrist is in a band aid. It’s probably a sprain, I tell myself. Gabriel’s known to exaggerate. But even then, I cannot stop the helpless ache that spreads through me. He’s hurt. He’s beautiful.
Dean’s “NO!” was sharply hissed as his entire frame bucked forward into Castiel’s hand, who smirked before nodding once and sinking to his knees. He slid down Dean’s boxers and looked up for even an inch of retreat there. If he saw it, he would back off.
We slide of the hood almost simultaneously. He makes it to the backseat faster than me, eager fucking thing. And our lips meet again as I close the car door behind me. My tongue slides over his and my hands are on him, all over him. I push up his shirt, my hands gliding against smooth skin and he groans into my mouth.
Where the fuck was Castiel Novak? I looked around the cafeteria again. Spotting who I was looking for, I call her name and start walking in her direction.
I nod and smile. Anna’s in there. Sam hates her. But then again, Sam nearly hates everything God has created. That kid is weird. He either takes to someone from the beginning or dislikes them. There’s no in between.
Charlie was the only ray of positivity here. She kept asking Dean to give Castiel time. But Dean was slowly getting tired of it all.
“Do you want me to stop, Dean?” Cas asked again, relishing in the sounds Dean was making. His hands moved inside Dean’s boxers, grasping the length and giving it a firm squeeze. Gasping, Dean thrust his hips forward into the grip and shivered as Cas leaned down to nibble at his bottom lip. Cas stroked Dean twice before halting.
Dean instead of answering, hauled Castiel back up and kissed him, biting his lower lip and massaging his tongue with him own. Turning around, he switched positions and he was on top of Castiel.
It’s not difficult to intimidate Gabriel, I’ve learnt. I stop and lock the car in front of the motel Gabriel told me about. I don’t stop at the lobby. I know which room is his. There’s music coming from inside the room. He’s playing the guitar. And he’s singing. His voice deep and monotonous where mine is strong and layered. It’s what brought us together. Music. I knock twice on the door.
“Stay.” He whispered as his mouth closed over the head of Dean’s length, kissing softly. He kissed over the entire length, keeping the contact limited as Dean groaned in frustration. He stopped altogether when he felt Dean’s hand in his hair, trying to get more. He disentangled Dean’s fingers from his hair before placing his arm to his side.
Dean was still frowning when they were on the road and Sam asked if he was alright. To which Dean grunted. Sam took it to be a yes and turned to the window.
Castiel smiled at the use of his nickname, as he slid down Dean’s jeans. Dean groaned, half in resistance and half in pleasure.
Dean smiles at me. “I do,” he says, “and I thoroughly enjoy it. You just robbed me of a good time, Castiel. Better be ready to repay me somehow.”
“I have class,” he says, and I kiss him. His eyes widen slightly, and I keep kissing him, chasing something and discovering something at the same time. His teeth are clamped shut. He’s not letting me in. I keep kissing him, getting him to yield. He bends. He bends. He breaks. He opens, his tongue sliding against mine as he groans. I swallow every sound he makes. My hands reach the hem of his shirt.
Castiel also loathed the movie as much as, if not more than Dean. But he was keeping his eyes glued to the screen, in an attempt to keep them off Dean. He needed to keep his distance from the older Winchester. Dean was the captain of the football team at school, a womanizer with a reputation. Castiel was a quiet popular gay kid who liked to act.
I look at her as she riffles through my copy of The Tempest. She knows I have a picture of hers in there. She has a bag of clothes in her arms. She’s hugging it to her chest. Ironic, she’s still wearing my shirt. Am I getting that back like she is getting her clothes back?
Dean watches her go. He looks at me with those green fucking eyes and smirks. He draws in. I fight the urge to cringe away. Standing my ground.
But Cas wasn’t doing small and quite. He had daydreamed about Dean Winchester too much as he sat with his brother and Sam, watching him play football. He had fantasized about the green eyed wonder too many times alone at night. Slow and quite wasn’t an option.
“He would’ve, the vain bastard. A kiss, on the other hand Dean, that will destroy your heterosexual reputation,” Gabriel said, wanting his brother to keep the upper hand.
I drive to the studio. Ask one of the interns to “grab me a coffee, will you?” He runs off looking like an angel of the lord just spoke to him. A small “Right away, Mr. Novak” uttering from his tiny mouth.
“I’ll leave you two to it then,” he says and goes out of the room, making sure to bang his shoulder as hard as he can into my side. Anna looks at me, her eyes teary. And that’s when reality hits me. I fucked up. Castiel with his dimple smile and blue sparkling fucking eyes made me fuck up. I fucked a dude. We fucked. And again. And again. I fucked him. I’m fucked.
“You son of a bitch. Give me details or I swear I will kick your ass,” Dean flinched at the whisper yelling from the other end of the line. Charlie lived with her parents in a studio flat, and Dean could tell she was trying not to wake them up while rip Dean a new one at the same time.
Dean turned around, opening his mouth while his brain tried to form a coherent sentence. Only he didn’t need to, because Cas wasn’t looking for an answer. He took a step forward, closing the distance between him and Dean as he kissed him for the second time that day. Cas pushed Dean backward, who stepped back until he hit the tiled wall behind him.
The next day we are on a flight. A genius thinks that we should all post stories about what we are doing on tour on social media. I despise social media. That is common knowledge. I am pretty sure by this point that Dean Winchester is here just to fuck around with me. Is Crow punishing me for Jo?
“Naah, you go. I’m going to crash at Gabriel’s” Sam leaned over to Gabe to peck him on the cheek. Dean groaned before turning away from them. He made his way to the parking, unlocked his dad’s car and sat down – before sighing.
“Dean Winchester,” he scowls at me, “contrary to what you think, you do not own the world. I hope you grow old with Anna. Maybe she’ll drive you completely insane.”
I take pictures of my first class seats. I take pictures of the food and the coffee. Bella takes a picture of her feet near my face. Balthazar takes pictures Bella constantly. Gabe tries to take pictures that end up blurry. We all post what Dean tells us to post.
He stood up from the stool he was in, rushing to the bathrooms. As the door shut behind him, he took his first actual breath in what felt like the entire day. He tugged his shirt down, trying to hide the bulge in his jeans a little as he turned on the tap and splashed the cold water repeatedly on his face.
“No,” I interrupt him, and he looks at me, blue eyes waiting, “We can’t sleep together anymore, Cas. It’s wrong. I’m… I’m with Anna.”
Cas was his own person. And he was afraid of what sex with Dean could mean. He didn’t want to be classed under the
“I’m not going back there, Dean.” He says, attempting to fold his arms on his chest, hurting his wrist and flinching, and giving up.
Dean turned around on his bed so that he was resting on his stomach, “I have no idea. Maybe Cass would have a plan.”
The bathroom is occupied. I see a rush of brown hair and blonde hair and two heads separating from a heated kiss. I look to the ground. I look up. Brilliant green eyes. Dean. Unprofessional fucker. I open my mouth to give him a piece of my mind, forgetting completely that I was headed to the bathroom with the intention of fucking an air hostess.
My eyes roam around the café for a raven haired boy. It’s been two days since I told him we couldn’t continue doing what we were doing. I hadn’t seen him in school since. At first, I thought he was being a bitchy drama queen and probably home watching the notebook and eating pizza. But he hadn’t been in school for two days.
Anna’s waiting for me at lunch, messing around with my guitar. I’m pretty sure she’ll break a string someday. Benny is sitting next to her.
“She cannot come to Europe with us. Furthermore, Jody has family commitments she needs to attend to.” He is looking at me pointedly.
I go through an internal debate in five seconds. Is this dude trying to fuck me? Castiel Novak, notorious womanizer? I open my mouth to answer. The air hostess looking to fuck me in the bathroom comes near the bathroom, sees Dean, scowls and walks away.
“You fuck men?” I ask and curse myself as to why that is the first sentence that comes out of my mouth.
He stared at me, as I placed his last cigarette between my teeth and took his lighter. My hand kept trembling though – from anger or nerves, I didn’t ponder – because Cas grabbed my hand to steady it – my skin heating up instantly at the contact. I inhaled, hollowing my cheeks, retaining the smoke a little before blowing out, and Cas pretended not to stare.
“Hey,” I say, glaring daggers at my best friend, who has a pale bruise on his jaw. My doing. And right now, I don’t feel at all sorry.
Dean rolled his eyes before stepping forward and yanking Castiel into him, crashing his lips into his own. Castiel stepped back as Dean stepped into the room kicking the door shut.
“You don’t get to give up like this,” he said, and, with no further warning, he leaned right over Dean to grab the steering wheel. Though Dean tried, there was absolutely nothing he could do to stop the strength of that grip. No warning placement of his hand on Cas’s arm was going to hold him back this time.
. The reason they’d never gotten a pet wasn’t a hard one to figure out. It was something else to take care of, to look after that couldn’t look after itself. Hell, they’d all died too often to even keep other people around in their lives for long - never mind animals.
“I – I hope you can hear me. I guess you can, if you’re all mojo-ed up again.” He swallowed, gripping Miracle’s lead a little tighter, dimly aware that his dog was looking up at him, expecting a treat for sitting so nicely. “We – I miss you, man. Be good to see you, to get to thank you properly. I mean you’ve done the whole set now, huh? Yanked me out of Hell, Heaven, helped me outta Purgatory, must have saved me hundreds of times on Earth…” Dean’s scuffed his boots roughly on the cold ground. “I know you’re busy. I know Jack needs you. But if you have a minute…”
“Goddamn liver failure, of all things. But anyway, we never came this far west so I can’t even claim any of this feels familiar. But…” He let a smile quirk up his lips. “I know Dad would have had a lot of people he would have wanted to reconnect with, if he’d known he’d had more time, or if he’d been less stubborn.” Dean finished with a shrug. “So I guess that’s why I’ve made this my little Christmas crusade.”
Cas had mused once that if they kept walking they might eventually find an ocean – that maybe Purgatory was its own functional dimension that mimicked the real world. Maybe they’d be able to cross the Purgatory-Pacific, or the Purgatory-Atlantic. Benny had given Dean a pleading look at that.
that if anyone could keep him safe that it was Cas. Cas, his chosen, real father, who loved him enough to doom the world.
God, she’d have preferred a ghost, Ruby thought in defeat as she stood up, ready to give whoever was nearly breaking down her temporary door hell. If this was what Dean’s friends were like no wonder he was running to the other side of the world…
He and Meg had been working together for so long now that they barely needed to tell each other what their intentions were with each move – no matter how different the flick. It was the same sort of movie, and much as their talents and experiences had developed over the years they were very much the same sort of artists. And, usually, the one-note nature of that never bothered Cas. Horror, with all the genre’s structure and fascination with monsters, had fascinated him since he’d been a child, and Meg’s brand of working within the genre always felt fresh, raw and watchable.
Dean raised a finger. “No, no, no, see that’s the big thing about this movie. Weirdly low body count. Part of why it was such a controversial one.”
Carefully, Dean lifted and turned the thing in his hands, but nothing else seemed to be wrong with it. It was making all its regular start-up noises now like it hadn’t just almost exploded in his face.
Cas hadn’t been this deep into the Eastern Wilds for a very long time. It wasn’t that he was scared to venture out – thanks to a mixture of natural abilities and acquired skills there was little which could threaten him. But it made him sad, seeing the wreckage that had been made of the world
They drove, and sometimes they talked, and sometimes they listened to the radio, which always played the right tracks. It really was like how it always had been. And it was almost perfect.
“Ah.” The man was quiet a moment but then continued on. “See I figured it had to be either a break-up or a firing. That’s how these things usually go.”
For a moment, neither said anything, and only listened to the fire crackle. And then Cas had to know.
Cas looked up from his laptop, a little mesmerised by Dean’s grinning face. He hadn’t seen him much that day so he was a little surprised seeing him make an entrance into their main room now.
Cas grabbed for the lube again, grateful that his fingers hadn’t started shaking as he felt they should be by now.
“You did make her sound like someone with a plan. And… you don’t think the other angels will pull ranks around?”
Then, one evening, Dean let Cas catch more than a glimpse. He’d found an actual building – an old cabin up on a hillside – to camp in for the night, and he’d made no attempt to keep Cas out. Cas entered to find a lit fireplace and Dean loudly opening kitchen cupboards. The idea of Dean inside anywhere had become a strange one, and for a moment Cas felt disconnected enough from reality to feel like he’d stumbled into a dream. At the sound of his cautious footsteps on the wooden boards, Dean threw him a casual over-the-shoulder glance and said, “You want a drink?”
Sensing that Dean was also turning to look, Cas finally met his eyes, and they smiled at each other a little. “Well,” Cas said, clearing his throat. “We have to interact more. We’re co-workers now.”
Dimly, Dean registered Crowley laying a hand on his arm. “Do you want to get out of here?” he murmured.
Cas huffed out a laugh, remembering. He’d stopped that after Dean had told him it was “creepy” – and had, until recently, only done it to annoy him.
“Heh. Maybe.” Daring himself, Dean met Cas’s eyes again, and found that them still filled with an adoration that was painful to see. It was like coming home to your locked house and finding it cleaned up with flowers left out. It set off all the alarm bells because it shouldn’t be there. More, Dean was a long way from ready to have Cas look at him like that.
movie they’d started watching out of order after finding a boxset and a working DVD player with the TV continued to play. The place, inexplicably, still had perfectly running electricity.
Dean and his lips moved so suddenly that Cas felt their teeth bash together and he had to pull away to breathe out a laugh. Dean was trying to kiss him – not to prove a point, and not for money. Just because of Cas and what he was saying.
Those were wings. Not like fig fluffy bird wings, but like the phantom shadows of wings, creepily reflected of the back wall of the stage and it was all Dean could do not to keep staring with him mouth hanging open. Then Cas turned to look at him, and Dean felt like he definitely wanted to be anywhere else than at the focus of that gaze.
Dean felt the anger rising in him fizzle out. He just didn’t have an answer to that. And all he could do was think over the last year. They’d seen Michael destroyed together – if
Dean couldn’t help himself. The laugh erupted out of him like a violent cough, immediately choking out the fingers he’d been sucking on. “Really?
Ruby gave a stilted wave, to Mary’s solemn regard, though her brother seemed considerably less interested in her. “I thought you said chocolate,” he accused Sam, pouting. By the look of his face it seemed like he’d already been at some that day.
“Ok, Clarence, what’s really the issue here? Because casual hook-ups and touching or whatever was just fine when we were a thing.”
“I don’t care!” Dean exploded, raising his arms only to let them drop back to his sides. His voice seemed to echo around the landscape endlessly, mocking him for the obvious lie.
It was all too easy to dwell on the hard truths when all his mind was drawn back to was, well. Dean. Who would have been merciless in making fun of him if he’d been around to hear Cas air that thought aloud.
It had been good reconnecting with Jo, with Garth and the others who’d been in Dean’s team before, but it was a relief when they all left him behind. Much as they were happy enough joking about the past with him while he was tied up, the fear never quite left any of their eyes. They were too smart for that. Though Dean had hoped the journey might improve his tolerance for being around people his brain still wanted to tell him were prey, weeks later and Cas was still the only one he could stand to be around for any length of time.
Cas was turning back to look at him, a little blood spattered over his face, like he expected Dean to smile, to crack a joke.
When Jack was born he’d known he couldn’t be an infant; couldn’t be a child, because his mother had known that being stuck in either one of those states with the world hunting him would make him far too vulnerable. So he’d become the strangest kind of young adult – new to the world, but able to face it with logic and physical strength, even when he’d lost his powers.
Cas’s eyes were open now, curious and only a little judgemental as Sam held the rabbit out toward his brother. Dean leaned up towards it like the very scent of it was enough to send him floating out of his bonds.
The way back felt much quicker than their journey finding Dean. There was no pretence at a greater purpose, no dread or hope awaiting them at the end of it.
“I just stood there.” Dean’s voice sounded wrecked, destroyed. “It was all I could do – I was just there to watch. He pushed me away and it took him. And I never got to…”
“My Grandma used to say stuff like that. That’s why she lived out in the middle of nowhere. I always thought that was pretty cool as a kid. She loved me, but I think she’d just straight-up given up on my Mom a long time ago – and yeah – she just never let other people’s bullshit drag her down.” Ruby nodded to herself, grimacing. “Which is probably how I ended up as a ‘Career Woman’ type with no thoughts of a family, and, y’know…”
To Cas’s disappointment; to Cas’s relief, Dean didn’t acknowledge him, but only looked ahead at nothing, his eyes again flashing purple. “He’s right,” he said, in that gravelly tone that had never dragged his voice down before. “I can feel them.”
though. If there was one thing Dean wanted to be remembered as in his obituary it was as the guy who set a haunting broken record loop of the riff from Don’t Fear the Reaper into the Chernobyl section of
Dean shrugged, keeping his eyes on the road, and the depressing lines of traffic filling it. “Wanted to know if you knew anything else.”
Dean wished he could forget all the dumb names he and Cas had regifted the stars with, one clear night on Bobby’s roof. But he remembered all of them.
Dean laughed, and Cas was suddenly struck by the fact that he wasn’t sure of how many times he’d ever made his roommate laugh before.
Saying nothing, Dean continued to stare at Cas through the flames, at the shadows they cast over his face. In the low light, the lines on his face felt deeper, more obvious. Or maybe Dean had just been avoiding looking. But the evidence was clear now – they were almost a decade removed from the people they’d been the first time Dean had chosen the seat next to his in a class neither of them had planned to keep on their schedules for long.
To his only mild surprise, Sam had answered back a few minutes later. Still not sleeping, the idiot. Probably still moping since Jess was out of town again.
“You’re a super powerful warrior of God guy, I get it. I can’t make you help me. But I’m gonna get out of this fucking cage and this creepy fucking fanfare before I end up as sad and pathetic as you.”
Cas bundles him into the back seat, cranks the heat to max. He swathes them in blankets, pulls their clothes off, wraps the whole of himself around Dean. His body heat is a furnace and Dean clings onto him in desperation, pushing his face into Cas’ neck and shivering helplessly.
When they’re finished they head up the street, looking in shop windows, talking about nothing in particular. At the bookstore, Dean picks up a new book on American myths that Sam’s been talking about buying while Cas browses around aimlessly. He ends up with five new books, and to his surprise, Dean doesn’t object despite Cas already having
“No, I…  dunno, I never… uh.” Dean’s blushing now, shifting awkwardly from foot to foot. The more uncomfortable he gets the stronger his accent becomes. Castiel still can’t quite place it, but it sounds a little Kansas. “It don’t matter to me. Either way. Y’know? But I. Um. Only kinda figured that out a couple of years ago. Ain’t told many people yet.”
Halfway to the temptingly rich smell of fried food, he’s most of the way past a stand before he registers what’s on it.
for Cas to strip him even further, pull his soul out while he takes off Dean’s clothes and bare every last millimetre of him to the scorching heat of that love.
“You and Sam made my birthday actually not suck for once this year, and I just… wanted you to have a day. Like that.” Dean ducks his head. “Don’t laugh.”
Dean curls his arm around Cas and leans into him. Cas shifts, slotting himself neatly into Dean’s side without apparent thought, like this is something they do so regularly their bodies fit each other without having to be told how.
does it always manage to find every gap in clothing, worm inside to stab into his skin? Of all the things humanity has granted him, the ability to suffer from temperature is one that really wishes he could give back.
“Dean, you’re hurt, I don’t-“ Despite his words, Cas’ grip on Dean tightens convulsively and he sucks in a shaky breath. “Dean, you’re-“
Sophomore year rolls around and Dean and Cas get an apartment together. It’s a two bed, so for the first few weeks the ribbing dies down. Maybe they really are just friends. Super close friends who share drinks with two straws and are incapable of standing further than a couple of inches apart even in an empty room. But if they don’t share a bedroom there can’t be anything there, right?
There’s a pause and Castiel flexes his fingers, an aftershock of last night’s pain shivering up his arm. Naomi’s gaze sits heavy on his shoulders and he has to consciously force himself not to hunch in under its weight.
So instead he just pulls Cas in closer, hugs himself harder into Cas’ chest, mumbles Cas’ name once into the warm, dark space between them. He’ll never have the right words, but sometimes he thinks Cas’ name alone is enough to say everything that he means.
When they’d finally stumbled into the kitchen a couple of hours later, Dean’s pupils still a little blown and Cas still mostly holding onto to Dean to stay upright, Sam had just rolled his eyes and passed Dean a plate of apple pie without making any kind of crass comment.
Sam must see something of it in his face. He shakes his head again, tries to pull Dean back into a hug. Dean flinches away, memory grating his skin too raw for touch.
Between them they find a couple of good contenders, then Dean heads for the changing rooms. They’re pretty spacious so he tugs Cas in with him, leaving the assistant pouting behind the counter. He’s not getting a discount out of her any more, but he figures it’s a fake credit card anyway, so where’s the harm?
Sam stops. His eyes go huge. Dean can literally see a realisation surfacing across his face in a bloom of horror. When he speaks, it’s like his voice is coming from a long way away.
Cas pulls Dean’s socks off along with his boots. He leans over to drop the socks into the laundry basket, then places the boots by the desk where Dean normally leaves them. He takes a moment to nudge them straight and tidy with his knuckles and something about the knowing domesticity of that brief action finally soothes the anxious churn in Dean’s chest to a low tremble.
“Yeah, yeah ok,” Dean laughs. He catches Cas’ grasping fingers and with one hand, pulls them in to kiss Cas’ knuckles while he fumbles Cas’ shirt buttons open with the other. He’s barely slipped the last one open before Cas is tugging his hands free and impatiently shrugging the shirt off to toss it aside.
Dean walks around to the driver’s door, studiously not looking at him. It’s only when they’re both in the car and Dean’s starting the engine that Cas finally huffs and speaks.
No matter what state of angry rejection they get into, no matter how on the outs they are, Dean never wants to hear that particular inflection of his name ever again.
Dean wakes Cas up with breakfast in bed, later than he normally lets Cas sleep. Coffee, homemade waffles with maple syrup. Dean puts a record on, lies on the bed with his head on Cas’ thighs and talks about nothing while Cas eats. He’s not wearing a shirt, and the rise of his breath in his ribs catches Cas’ gaze and won’t let him look away. Cas only makes it through half his food before he has to put it aside, grab hold of Dean and yank him up to kiss his stupid, beautiful, distracting face.
Though that fact gives him a brief pang of disappointment, that continued presence itself is enough to soothe the twinge away and spur Castiel into action. Fumbling, unsure of how to do any of this when he’s not even sure exactly what it is he’s doing, Castiel clumsily cobbles together something that wants to be
He manages just in time. By the time he’s got himself as much under control as he thinks he’ll ever be able to and heads downstairs, Naomi is emerging from the kitchen with her perpetual frown etched even deeper than usual into her forehead.
“Sometimes still feel like I’m…” Dean looks down at their hands, feels the imprint of decades old touches on his fingertips, in his palm. “Dirty. I guess. Like I shouldn’t be touchin’ you ‘cause I’ll just… I’ll. I dunno. Contaminate you or something.”
“I guess I should wear a suit around the bunker more often then.” He glances over and meets Cas’ gaze just as he turns to squint up at Dean in confusion. Dean grins, turns his eyes back to the road. “I mean, you know I want to give you things you like.”
but Dean does keep rubbing his hands over Cas’ shoulders and kissing his forehead, his temple, his cheek, and he really doesn’t want Dean to stop.
It’s got to be nearing four am. The bunker is still four hours out. Dean’s eyes are tired. His shoulders ache. The road ahead blurs slightly. He shakes his head, jerks himself awake.
so they’d ended up sleeping tangled together in Dean’s bed every night anyway. But they’re still dancing around each other like blushing virgins. Which is ridiculous, Dean hasn’t been wrong-footed by sex in his entire life.
Somehow, though, this new hurt feels like that memory replaying itself. An echo of it in his muscles rather than a real hurt.
It’s fucking freezing in Kansas this January. Dean has the bunker’s heating turned up to something obnoxious and he’s still shuffling around in sweats and his robe and a blanket thrown around him. It bites into his joints, sets his hands aching and his fingers fumbling no matter how high he turns the radiators or how many layers he piles on.
“I had all these daydreams,” Dean’s telling him, and Castiel, focuses back in on the words. “All my life, about what you’d be like. Lately there’s been a lot of, y’know, uh.” He flushes slightly and turns his head away. “Deep voice and stubble and stuff. And blue.” He glances back up at Castiel and blinks, eyes turning a little dazed. “You always felt blue somehow, and christ that was right.” He reaches a hand towards Castiel’s face but stops, blushing harder, and drops it before his fingers touch. “Anyone ever tell you your eyes are fucking gorgeous?”
A hand appears, snags the lettuce and whips it away. Leaves Dean’s burger unsullied, as it should be. A second later the hand is back sliding a rejected pickle onto the edge of the plate.
They park up in central Hastings around lunchtime. Dean immediately insists they get coffee and sandwiches, so they head for a promising-looking café. Dean takes Cas’ hand without seeming to think about it, laces their fingers together while they’re walking. He puts his arm casually around Cas’ shoulders in the coffee shop queue. Cas leans into him and he smiles and tidies an errant bit of Cas’ hair.
He takes the meal to his room. He’d never be allowed this if Naomi were here, but with her gone it’s a whole lot easier to get the food to go down when he’s in his pyjamas, curled up under his duvet, Haydn playing quietly from his laptop on the pillow by his side.
It doesn’t take them long to clean up, but when the last of the soap suds swirl down the drain Cas shows no inclination to turn the shower off and get dry. Instead he wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, rests his head on Dean’s shoulder and sways them gently. Against his chest Dean feels Cas hum something quiet and tender, too low to be heard over the drum of the water on tile. Dean goes with the rhythm, leans the side of his head on Cas’ and sighs. The water’s just starting to lose its heat, but Dean can’t bring himself to care. Cas’ hands are firm on the base of his spine, his body is solid in Dean’s arms, and Dean can’t recall the last time he felt this content.
Cas has been having nightmares. Every night, for weeks now. Dean can be right there, the two of them tucked into each other’s arms, close enough to share breath, and Cas will still wake screaming from dreams of Dean dying as he fought to save Cas from the empty, of Billie’s grip on Dean’s heart killing him before Cas can paint the sigil to hold her at bay, of him and Sam failing to cure Dean from his descent into demonhood. Of Naomi forcing him to kill Dean over, and over, and over, and over.
Cas smiles down at whatever angle of Dean he’s managed to capture this time and shrugs. “I like to look at you.”
Cas hums almost inaudibly, kisses Dean’s hair and leans his head on Dean’s. They stay that way, Cas’ arms tucked protectively around Dean’s back, until Dean completely loses track of time, the only marker the regular beat of Cas’ pulse and the soft rhythm of their breathing.
Dean is somewhere over among the large, free-standing items – wardrobes, bookcases, the occasional desk - poking at an old clock that the seller swears on her
The words sink in slowly, settling in Dean’s heart to define the shape of something Dean hadn’t even realised was happening.
Predictably, millions of results are thrown back at him. Wikipedia pages and gossip articles and even youtube videos. He opens Wikipedia as a starting point and skims the article on soul bonds, skating over what he already knows as he debates how to refine his search. Maybe add
As if reading his mind, Cas burrows his head into the hollow of Dean’s neck, octopuses all his limbs around him and kisses Dean sleepily under his ear. “Dean,” he whispers into Dean’s skin. Just that. Just his name.
Somehow it’s that sameness that finally hammers the meaning of the change into his stunned mind. If his soulmark is active, then his soulmate is
The instant his boots and socks are off Dean wrestles his jeans and boxers over his feet. Figuring they’ve lost enough time, he tugs his t-shirt over his head too, kicks the whole pile aside. Then he turns and tackles Cas onto his back.
Dean leans forward and puts his beer down by baby’s wheel. Then he straightens, twists around to grab Cas by the shoulders and push him flat on the bonnet. He cradles the back of Cas’ head in one hand, leans over him.
He could cope if it were just those times. Just those brief moments where he can blush and turn his head away and play it off with a joke, or pretend he hasn’t noticed. Make some comment about the hunt. Ask if Cas wants a beer.
Dean looks up from replying to a text from Sam. They’re two hours out from the bunker, Eileen wants them to all get dinner together in the tiny pizza place in Lebanon later.
At first Castiel’s scared of it. He spends hours hugging his knees and losing himself in a labyrinth of imagined horrors, picturing all the situations they could be trapped in to so often feel like this.
looking Dean.” Cas doesn’t look up from his focused stitching. Dean twitches under him, hand closing over thin air like he’s grasping for a weapon. “You saw him coming with the knife and you got in the way on purpose. So he wouldn’t get me.”
“We met in kindergarten,” Cas clarifies in his serious way, and Dean grins even wider as he sits forward to snag one of the black coffees and hand it to Castiel.
For the second time today Meg’s smacked in the face with breathtaking levels of pretty. She thought Cas was unfairly lovely, but somehow this one matches him, wayward brown hair and cheekbones and freckles and eyes that under the bright café lights are green, green,
He’s sliding deeper into Cas’ lap before he knows what he’s doing. He pushes down against Cas, curls his fingers into Cas’ hair, groans in the back of his throat.
“I’m not laughing.” He leans over and wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders. “Thank you, it was… a wonderful day. Perfect.”
Dean glances over at the blanket burrito that Cas has turned himself into while sleeping and shakes his head. Smiles so wide his cheeks ache.
Dean keeps his mouth shut. He wants to see if they’ve got anything else planned. Calculate exactly how he’s supposed to react.
Normally Dean would groan at that, shove Cas’ arm and accuse him of talking like a sappy romance novel. The reflex reaction dies before it begins because
“I know what you’re gonna ask sweetheart,” he says before she can ask anything else. His eyes are sparkling with private laughter despite the candid simplicity of his tone. “And no. They’re not boyfriends.”
Dean’s breath stutters raggedly out. Cas rocks them together and Dean keens a little, breath catching on every slip of skin on skin, tension coiling in his spine with every touch of Cas’ fingertips.
They’re sat on baby’s bonnet, parked in the middle of nowhere late at night, halfway back to the bunker. Dean pulls some beers out of the cooler, leans against Cas’ side and asks him to tell him about the stars.
His stomach dips and lurches, ribs tighten like a vice. For a horrifying moment he can’t breathe, lungs spasming. And then his chest floods with a longing so hot and desperate he feels as if he’s been set on fire.
Tugging his sleeve back down and smothering his smile before he draws attention to himself, Castiel tabs back to the search results. Adding
, but then Cas will get his hands under Dean’s shirt, down Dean’s jeans, and the bit of Dean’s brain that spent ten years shoving this want into a box on a shelf in the back of his mind wakes up and screams bloody murder.
Castiel drops his head lower behind his books so the table full of girls is blocked from his sight. He touches his thumb softly to the back of his hand, over where the pale lines of his mark sit quiet and colourless. Whatever those girls say, those lines tell him one day he’ll have someone. He’s no lovestruck fool, he knows that soul bonds don’t guarantee an easy ride and he’ll have to work hard. But he’ll have someone who’ll bother to listen, who’ll want to understand him. Someone he can open his heart to and be open for in return. That’s enough to dull the sting of their barbs. Knowing that, he can manage the wait, however long it takes until it happens.
“It’s only fair.” Cas turns Dean’s head with a firm press of his palm, fixes Dean with one of his devastatingly honest stares. The ones that make Dean feel lightheaded and half afraid. “How do you think you make
“No.” Cas doesn’t hesitate. “No.” He doesn’t smile, but his eyes crinkle like they do when he’s pleased. “There’s not much I’m certain of in life any more, but I am certain of this.”
“I’m not gonna lie Cas, I don’t know. He’s working construction this time, over Chicago way. Sounds like a long-term gig, could be as much as six months. If I’m lucky.”
“I can’t show you outside,” Dean says, a little apologetic. “It’s on my back and it’s cold as Satan’s deep freeze out here.”
Dean scrabbles himself upwards, looks Cas in the eye. Cas’ pupils are too wide, even for the dark inside the car, his breathing unsteady against Dean’s ribs.
Dean keeps hold of Cas’ wrist. Under his fingers Cas’ pulse thrums steady, a living counterpoint to the unsteady waver of Dean’s own heart.
They eat at one of the tables outside. Dean takes his outer shirt off, grumbling about the heat, and Cas watches the muscles in Dean’s arms move as he eats, shades his eyes from the sun, swirls his coffee.
Cas wakes with a yelp, shooting half upright. He shoves the duvet away with a startled arm, revealing Dean wrapped around him with one hand shoved up the back of Cas’ t-shirt.
After a moment Dean huffs a tiny breath. It’s not quite a laugh but he does loosen again, hands dropping back to his sides and back straightening, so Castiel thinks he must have done something right. After all his worries about being able to connect with his soulmate, after all the years of snide comments from his school peers, he can’t help but be relieved by that achievement, small as it is.
It’s not that he hasn’t been enjoying it, but… it’s as if Dean is setting out to make Cas happy in every way he can think of, no matter how minuscule, and Cas has no clue why this day in particular has brought this on.
Dean rolls off the bed holds his hand out. Cas takes it, smiling, and lets Dean haul him up too. Dean lets go to pull on enough clothes to not give Sam a heart attack if he’s come back and they run into him in the corridor, but Cas twines their fingers back together before they head out the bedroom door. So Dean bumps their arms together as they walk, glances at Cas every couple of seconds, can’t hold in the grin when he catches Cas watching him too.
Their little friendship group expands through the first semester. Cas meets Balthazar in lectures and he’s quickly absorbed into their orbit. Meg likes him for his easy humour, for how his flirting rivals hers, and for how easily he can rile Dean up. Dean’s partnered with Charlie in a compulsory computing class, and they become instant best friends because of her Captain Marvel t-shirt. Other faces come and go, but somehow Dean and Cas remain at the centre of it, the point of gravity around which everyone else coalesces.
He feels like he’s made of starlight. Like he’s glowing not just on his mark, but down in his bones.
falling easily from Dean’s lips makes him feel almost drunk. He wonders absently if he’ll ever get used to this as he opens his mouth to answer.
“You okay?” He stills instantly, curls his hand around the back of Cas’ neck. The liquid glow inside him freezes into crystalline fragility.
He steps forward to follow Dean back out of their hideaway under the trees. As they cross the snow-covered grass and fall into step on the path, Castiel’s mind turns unstoppably back to that flash of clarity as he looked into Dean’s eyes. He’s not sure how intentional it was. Dean certainly doesn’t seem to want to talk about it, not from how quickly he closed it away again, but still. Cas knows it’s there now. It’s another facet of their connection waiting to bloom when Dean is ready for it. From that alone he already knows he would follow Dean anywhere.
it meant, dreaming of seeing the mark for him on his soulmate’s skin, seeing it light up at that first shared touch, and the moment Castiel laid eyes on Dean he’d completely forgotten about all of it. One taste of that
Dean shoves himself away from the table. He’s out of his chair and halfway across the room before he can think. He needs to run, he needs to hide from Sam so he can box up the mess Sam’s made of his insides and hide what’s in it from himself too.
Dean bangs his tray down by Sam and flumps onto the bench. Meg snaps her mouth shut and scowls, which does nothing but win her one of Dean’s most dazzling smiles.
Then Cas dives back down to kiss him with his fingers tangled in Dean’s hair and everything after that is a blur.
The third time is in the back of the impala. Dean got blasted by some kind of ice spirit and even now it’s dead he’s shuddering, blue lipped and ashen, his bones freezing him from the inside out.
“I suppose catching one of them in the library would be unheard of,” Castiel mutters. It helps centre him, the familiar sarcasm dulling the buzzing panic in the back of his mind. He takes a few steadying breaths, pushes the disquiet down further. He should grab that book he came for, go sit down. Then he can take a minute to really settle himself.
Despite his promise to leave thoughts of the future alone, Cas can’t stop part of his mind spinning, running over plans and possibilities. Six months, Dean said. Six months is time enough to plan, to find a way to get the both of them out of situations neither of them want to be stuck in. Maybe right now none of his ideas amount to anything more sophisticated than simply running away together, but they can work it out.
Cas stirs. He doesn’t wake, but his brow creases. Mumbling something incomprehensible, Cas rolls a little further onto Dean, the leg slung over Dean’s knee tightening to tug them even nearer. His arm under Dean’s head tenses slightly, his hand coming up and fumbling into the neck of Dean’s t-shirt to latch on the bare skin of Dean’s shoulder.
Cas is wrapped up in Dean’s jacket and the blanket from the boot. His hand is tucked against his cheek, clutching the collar of Dean’s jacket close to his face. His breathing is slow and even as he dreams.
“I mean it,” Cas breathes against Dean’s mouth. “Even when it’s clumsy and awkward it’s perfect, because it’s you.” His hand slips down to grab Dean’s ass and pull him flush against Cas’ body. “But if you don’t get those goddamn boots off right now, I might have to revise that opinion.”
Cas hesitates doing up his buttons, watches Dean bend down to tie his boots. Dean hates shopping for gardening things. Usually it takes Cas at least a week of pestering until he’ll grudgingly drive him somewhere for seeds and topsoil.
Besides, embarrassingly cliché as it is, Castiel knows he would run away with Dean this second if Dean asked him to.
There’s a man – a boy - standing not two metres away. He’s tall, tumbling brown hair, light skin, muscled but still skinny in the teenage way Castiel himself is. He’s dressed in jeans, boots, a leather jacket that can’t be warm enough in this cold. He’s got a scattering of freckles over his nose and cheekbones that’s visible even from this distance.
Cas doesn’t respond. His breathing stays steady, ghosting over Dean’s face in unbroken rhythm. Dean slides his hand up to brush his fingers along Cas’ jaw.
Marv’s watery eyes are probing, and Naomi’s only a scant two steps past him, so Castiel summons up the blandest smile he can.
Dean can’t argue with that. He drops one more kiss onto Cas’ nose before slipping off Cas’ lap and swinging his legs round to grapple with his laces. Cas follows him as if he’s drawn by an invisible tether between them. Cas yanks off his own boots in seconds – for a moment Dean’s brain is sidetracked by
The moment the door clicks shut behind her Castiel sags against the counter. Presses the heel of a shaking hand to his forehead. The silence of the empty house settles on him, sinks into his skin like a balm, soothes away the sick churn in his stomach, the anxious ache under his skin.
Naomi already has her phone in hand and all her focus on the screen. She doesn’t even nod in answer as she strides for the front door.
He pulls out his phone and is thumbing the button to unlock it when Dean’s words filter through into his conscious mind.
It’s as strong as anything he’s ever felt. It pulses in his blood, runs up the back of his throat to dry his mouth, into his eyes to spring burning tears that half blind him. But it’s not
“You don’t… you don’t have to apologise for being hurt,” Castiel whispers, horrified. For all the good it won’t do alone in his room, he still can’t help himself. For them to be
That only makes it worse. He wants desperately to let them know it’s okay, it’s always okay to not be okay. He wants to hold their hand and run his fingers through their hair and say he just wants to be there for them, he
“Oh well, excuse me if you being married at eighteen wasn’t the first solution that popped into my head,” Meg snipes, but there’s no heat to it. She knows he’s right, she and Balthazar have been amazingly oblivious.
for Dean to get his shit together and make his choice. And that whole time he never expected anything, never asked for anything, not even friendship, not even to be allowed to stay, let alone the kind of unflinching devotion he’d offered Dean from the first as though it were the easiest thing in the world to give.
“You weren’t ashamed, were you?” Now Sam actually sounds like he’s going to cry. “Because I know- I know some of the hunters dad used to work with, dad too sometimes, they used to say some pretty awful things back then.”
“Dean.” Sam clings on grimly. “We promised, remember? No more lying to each other. And this, this is really important. You’re not telling me something huge, I know it.”
And, he realises with a sudden jolt, his soulmate must have gone through something similar. Their bond was activated by their shared yearning, so it follows that they were feeling Castiel’s emotions while he was overwhelmed with theirs.
He tamps down the remnants of the hysteria and pushes himself upright. Cas is still kneeling on the floor, scowling up at Dean with that trace of hurt haunting the curve of his mouth, the tightness of his eyes. Dean’s heart lurches and he’s instantly sliding off the bed and into Cas’ lap. Cas catches him, but his touch is hesitant and Dean hates himself for causing it. He wraps his arms around Cas’ shoulders, presses their foreheads together to catch Cas’ eye with all the apology he can muster.
“No, uh. Not really.” He rubs his hand over the back of his head and huffs quietly. He’s pulled back from their bond too, suddenly distant without taking a single step away from Castiel’s side. Castiel pushes his hands deeper into his pockets and fights the urge to reach out and brush his fingertips over Dean’s cheek. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Dean chewing his lip, can feel whispering ghosts of Dean’s wavering inside his chest as Dean holds them back. Even faint like this, Cas can somehow sense that Dean wants to tell him. Despite his trepidation he can’t keep himself entirely back from their contact. So Cas lets him work through whatever he’s thinking without interrupting.
“Yes.” Cas swipes open his phone to show Dean himself silhouetted against the hazy colours of the water. It
His whole life, he’s never been lucky. He’s always been the one on the receiving end of side-eyes and whispered comments, the one who misses out and goes overlooked even in his own family. He’s always just accepted it as how things are. If a lifetime of that is what he’s had to take to get this single shining moment of good fortune in trade, he’ll be goddamn
Meg, Benny and Balthazar pick up the occasional date each, nothing serious – Bal has someone on his arm more often than not, but it’s rarely the same person twice. Charlie gets together with a girl called Stevie around Christmas and falls hard and fast. Between them and Dean and Cas, Meg feels a little as if she’s living in a romcom.
motel at the moment. Every place he drags us to it’s another one.” He sighs, rubs his elbow, face rueful, gazes up at the drab motel façade across the carpark with its battered, snow-stained doors.
As soon as they’re through the bedroom door Cas turns and shoves Dean against it, pins Dean’s hands above his head and kisses him open-mouthed and hungry. Dean pushes his hips up into Cas’ and the groan he gets in answer lights liquid fire in his veins.
Sometime near the bottom of the whiskey bottle Dean takes their glasses, puts them on the table and climbs into Cas’ lap to kiss him. He cradles Cas’ jaw in his palms, strokes his fingertips lightly over the sensitive skin behind his ears. Cas makes a soft noise, holds onto Dean’s waist and runs his thumbs up Dean’s sides so gently it turns Dean’s heart inside out.
delivers itself up on the tip of his tongue as readily as every other time in his entire life, but before it can slip out the memory of his soulmate’s unnecessary apology stirs, drops a heavy stone of bitter resentment into his stomach.
Despite Cas’ contentment, Dean can’t shake the feeling he hasn’t said the right thing. He chews his lip, fingers tapping against the mattress, twitchy with nervous energy. Cas just watches him, face soft and open and undemanding. There’s no expectation there, but it’s that gentle serenity that finally pulls an explanation from where it was trying to hide itself behind Dean’s infinite capacity for denial.
Dean doesn’t say anything, but when Castiel locks his phone, tucks it back into his pocket and looks up, Dean does raise an eyebrow in a question that Castiel understands as easily as if it were spoken aloud.
“Come out and say hello,” Charlie demanded, as Dean watched the ghost of a smile pass over Castiel’s face. He was beginning to get a grip on the dynamics around here.
Cas nodded. It was strange, standing across from someone and agreeing that sleeping with them was the sensible and practical way of spending both your days. Specifically, when that person suggesting it had already succeeded in giving you those mythical stomach butterflies all the
And then after years of clinging on to survival enough to meet the next smoggy sunrise, they found people. Other living, breathing,
since arriving here. This place has been a haven for them, hasn’t it?” Michael put his head to one side, regarding Cas like he was some kind of fascinating zoo animal. “Would you really be so selfish as to ruin that for them?”
. After Dean had left for the shower, he realised that he couldn’t keep a life-changing moment like that to himself – especially when he couldn’t exactly talk to Dean about it.
Cas was artfully speckled with blood from head to toe, but he was completely unscathed. But he looked so exhausted, and so afraid of Dean in that moment that Dean had no idea of what to say because he was sure that whatever he came out with was going to be the wrong thing to say.
That specifically wrecked voice threatened to completely undo Cas, but he teased the plug out of Dean. It was bigger and pinker than Cas had been expecting, but he refrained from making jokes, and told himself that was for the camera. “Whatever you need.”
Oh God that voice. It was about five octaves lower than Dean had been expecting, and it made something in his nether regions turn somersaults in response.
Cas licked his lips and nodded. He hadn’t expected Dean to be so willing to talk to him so much so soon. Maybe if he could just… “Dean, I -”
His whole time with his new family, Dean had felt needed, felt wanted and it had been a good feeling – even better to know that some of them would come back to fight for him. But he wasn’t needed like Benny was. Benny
, and that got Dean’s mind stuck in all sorts of places it shouldn’t be when it was 1am, the library was closing in an hour, and his essay was due in another seven hours after that…
“Yeah.” Dean forced a laugh. It was fading, the odd contented peace he’d felt, but a part of him remembered. “Pretty lonely little funeral. One man and his dog.”
Cas’s lips twitched upwards. “Would it help if I yelled? Or lectured? Because really the fact that you allowed yourself to die so quickly after I left you was unimaginably disappointing.”
So he’d put two, three – no four, of the people he cared about in danger, Dean thought as he completed a panicky headcount of the figures taking turns at lunging towards Michael, who was more than holding his own. The angel’s eyes were glowing now – glowing like Cas’s had, and the grin spreading wide over his face felt like it should be sprouting fangs far more fearsome than those of the monsters he was fending off.
. Unlike you when I ask you to clean the shower. And, speaking of showers,” Dean added, getting to his feat and awkwardly massaging his own cum into his skin. “You wanna join me for one?”
“Well there’s nothing cheaper or more easily available than the human desire to communicate oneself, now is there?” The smile on his face made Dean feel like there was an inside joke he was missing.
On the screen in front of him, propped up by several thick fantasy tomes on his bed, Meg raised her eyebrows. “He thinks
Dean shrugged. “Suit yourself,” he sighed, and started walking away like he believed he was walking a catwalk.
Dean wasn’t sure how he’d gotten there but he was suddenly aware that he was awake, standing upright without needing to bend for the cage ceiling, and he was –
“You’re quick,” Victor said flatly to Dean, before adding, as Dean opened his mouth, “But if you make one crack speculating about what I might currently be hung like, and I’m afraid we can’t be friends.”
Though he had still suggested using the Empty deal knowing full well there was one way likely to achieve the end they were working towards, so maybe his subconscious was working against him in this.
Clapping his hands together, once, Dean leaned forwards with new eagerness. “Dude, this is great, you’re onboard, let’s roll.”
“We ended up in a vamp nest. He got me out, but couldn’t get himself away. It was my birthday a few days later and I – I found this gun that he’d got me in his things. He knew I thought it looked pretty. I used it right up until I died. I know now what I felt about him, but I never told him.”
Dean cleared his throat and stood up straighter, trying to work out if a laugh was expected of him as he stood feeling vaguely self-conscious of his running shorts. “Sorry about that,” he said, setting for what he felt was a safe answer. Dean’s Mom’s parents had died the same year that she had, and he’d always felt like there was some specific way to address older people that most people understood and he’d never got.
Jack sat down and took a breath. “I wanted to see you tonight, because I remember wondering at the time what it would take to make you happy enough. Happiness felt like it might be in reach, but you didn’t seem concerned. But I understand now.”
. His brother, the only family he’d had left, was missing, had been missing for over a year, and Sam would do whatever it took to find out what had happened to him out there.
Shaking her head as she ignored Charlie’s yelling, Ruby hung up the phone, and, mustering a smile, handed over her passport.
“That makes sense. He’s been saying for years how few angels are left. They probably really need him – Jack probably really needs him. I mean I know he’s
Dean looked at the elbow he’d just coughed into as though expecting to see blood there. “Oh no friggin’ way – not happening.”
Cas was staring at him exactly like he always had, but it was different, now Dean knew he meant it. He could be happy if he did nothing else but stand in the way of that wide-eyed, admiring gaze for the rest of his life.
because they just like sex and fear commitment. And for some people it’s because they’re hung up on someone already.”
Sam had come out to save his brother. He hadn’t wanted to see him get left behind again one more time.
Dean grinned, still staring at the road. “Yeah, I guess this was always a long shot. Seems like there’s a whole lot going on… you think they were a couple?”
