.” Tony gave nothing away. He wanted nothing else but to have Peter as his, as theirs again. There wasn’t anything wrong with that. Steve was too naïve sometimes.
She stopped just long enough to slap Peggy. Then she went straight back to talking. But Peggy wasn’t listening anymore, she just tried to stop crying.
And then, he had the audacity to show up in the shop! Her sanctuary! To tell her, that she needed to eat! And yes, it had been awhile since Toni had eaten, but she had work to do and a figure to maintain! She, unfortunately, was not given a supersoldier metabolism. Normal people couldn’t just eat whatever and maintain the waist to hip ratio that Toni had going.
Steve just hugged him tighter, “Peggy’s at home Peter. She’s waiting for us with Aunt Pepper and Aunt Sharon.”
“And who said I wanted her?” The man leered at him before roughly grabbing his arm. Peter did his best to hold onto Peggy, but there wasn’t much he could do other than scream.
Tony turned around, wrapping his arms around Steve, “I just want to protect her. But I don’t know how. How can I? How can we? She won’t tell us what’s wrong.”
One day, Steve came down to the shop. All of his resident geniuses had been down in the shop for hours and hadn’t come up for lunch. He simply brought it down. No one noticed immediately when the doors opened and Steve had a minute to just watch; to just look at what he and Tony had built together. They had gotten off to an awfully rocky start, but looking at the family they had put together, you never would have thought that. His thoughts were interrupted by Peggy, who had finally noticed that papa had brought them lunch.
Of course, Steve heard him. And of course, he sat straight up. His response came in a whisper, loud enough that Tony could hear, “What?”
The little girl was still happily jumping on the bed, “No! I’m not tired, daddy!” She punctuated each word with another jump.
But something was also different this time. This time, he thought he heard the shop door open. But that was impossible, only Pep and Rhodey had the override codes and they were both overseas. Tony could still hear the music playing in the background, he thought it might have been AC/DC. 	Suddenly, Steve was in his face. Like literally, right in front of his face was a wall of Steve. He could see that Steve was talking, couldn’t really hear, or maybe just didn’t want to, he didn’t know. He also didn’t know why he couldn’t talk. He kept trying, but it just wasn’t working.
I'm trying my best not to drag this story out, but bear with me please. It'll get over when it's over.
“Hey, sweetheart. Papa’s here. Daddy’s here. You’re safe now, you’re home. Nobody’s gonna hurt you now baby. Peggy, can you talk to papa? I’m right here, sweetheart, daddy’s right beside you. Can you talk to us, Peggy?”
Walking over, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, “You ready to go home yet? Cause I don’t know about you, but I want to see our son.”
He stopped talking so Tony could take over, “And the final woman you were named after? That’d be my mom, Maria. I don’t know how or why your grandma married your grandpa, but she did. And they had me. And your grandma Maria, was also a saint. Because she put up with both me and grandpa.”
Peter mumbled out his last few words before he couldn’t fight sleep anymore. Peggy had nodded off a few minutes prior, but Peter hadn’t noticed. Soon though, they were both out cold.
“We can’t just leave this alone, Tony! It’s serious!” Steve was trying his hardest not to raise his voice.
The shit-eating grin on their son’s face had both Tony and Steve rolling in laughter. Tony managed to stutter out, “I-in your r-room, y-you goof!”
Tony grabbed Steve’s chin and made Steve look him in the eyes, “Steven Grant Rogers! You listen to me. Everybody here wants you to be here. I don’t ever want you to say that again! I want you! The team needs you. SHIELD may not like to admit it, but they need you too. And I can tell you right now, if your mother heard you talking like this, she’d slap you silly.”
The team did their best to keep Steve calm while Tony hurried to get the suit done in time. It wasn’t going well. With the kids gone, Tony had been Steve’s rock, and vice versa. Now, Tony had work to keep him busy, but all Steve could do was wait. Fury had benched him from all SHIELD missions until the kids were safe and sound at
“Papa and daddy are gonna be here real soon, Peggy. You’ll see! And Aunt Tasha and Uncle Sam! Oh, and Uncle Rhodey’ll be with ‘em too! Everyone will be here soon and then we’ll get to go home!”
Steve’s voice broke her out of the memories she was floating in and Toni stood up and stretched, “Yeah, let’s get this vacation started.”
They got another nod from Pietro and then Steve took over, “We know you’re still a minor. And yes, you’ve been on your own for a few years now, but legally here in the States, if you’re a minor you need a guardian. Tony and I, we’ve been talking about it a lot, and uhm, well, if you’d be okay with it, we’d uh, well we uhh.”
Toni sat up from her position on the couch while Rhodey went to go get a doctor. Sam helped her up and kept his arm wrapped around her as she made her way to the bed. There were hopeful looks on both of their faces.
Tony stumbled out of bed, towards the bathroom. He splashed cold water on his face, before telling JARVIS to turn on the shower, and to have coffee waiting when he was done.
The first time Wanda tried to get out, Clint had an arrow stuck on her forehead before the doors had even finished opening. The second try, she had tried the stairs, but then the guards came in the elevator. The third attempt, she tried escaping off the balcony, just to get out of there, but one of the suits had come and escorted her back inside.
“I don’t know that what you’ve been doing constitutes as sleep Sir, but you have not slept in your bed in roughly three weeks.”
Meanwhile, down in the shop, Tony was working like a madman to get the suit done in time. He ended up taking apart the Mark VIII. It had enough of the new bells and whistles to please the bad guys for a bit, and give them enough time to find Peter and get him the fuck out of there. He already had JARVIS running scans. The video had said that Peggy would be returned by 6 pm, making Tony think that these people had be approximately 6 hours in any given directions. JARVIS was now scanning for Peggy and Peter, along with any suspicious activity.
He had already turned to look at the twins, “Do you think they know anything? Or were they victims? How much info do we have to work with here?”
Tony crawled into bed and made grabby hands at Steve until Steve finally climbed into bed. Tony scooched until his back was against Steve’s front, content with feeling the solid, warm wall of his husband behind him.
Peggy and Peter nodded their heads so quickly Tony was concerned about whiplash. After nodding their consent however, the two of them sprinted off to the living room to gawk at the Easter decorations that had blown up all over their living room.
arm, even Steve wasn’t dumb enough to punch a metal arm, “Alright, alright. If we renew our vows, you can be my best man. You might have to fight Sam though, he did it the first time around.”
Another unsurprising thing about Bucky, Peter and Peggy were absolutely entranced with him. When Sam had brought up the subject, Bucky had been the most hesitant one of them all, not wanting to risk hurting Steve’s kids. Eventually though, he did meet them and they all got along like three peas in a pod.
“Hmmmm, what do you think?” Steve kissed her before continuing, “I think we should wait at least until we hear the heartbeat, but we can do whatever you’re comfortable with.”
Clint was already moving forward, “Toward the center of the bunker. There’s something, or someone, there that needs to be brought in. We’re supposed to wait for back up though.”
Sometimes Toni really hated being pregnant. She wanted the baby, but mood swings were a bitch and her’s were worse considering she usually had mood swings. The pregnancy just made them worse. She didn’t get morning sickness at all, but the mood swings were driving everyone, including her, insane. Steve was a saint for not asking for a divorce.
Dr. Evans giggled while printing out their ultrasound photo, “Congratulations again! I’ll see you guys in four weeks!”
they had agreed on this, but it had happened, and Tony had assured him that the twins wouldn’t get anywhere near Peggy or Peter.
Tony deflated just a bit, “I probably could, but I wouldn’t know what to have you do. It’s not that I don’t think you couldn’t figure it out, but I think it’ll go faster if I just do it myself.”
There's more descriptions of torture in this chapter. Slightly more graphic than the last ones but not awful. However, as always, please read with caution. Thanks for reading!
It turned out, the elevator went so fast he got there at the same time as Steve and Nat. All three of them were sprinting for the bedrooms.
Tony was trying to get back to sleep when he remembered Barnes. After that, there was no possibility of getting back to sleep. He again extricated himself from the family puppy pile. None of them so much as stirred.
Bucky interrupted him, “I’m still sore I didn’t get to see you get married, Stevie. We always promised to be each other’s best man.” He said it all with a joking smile on his face.
They met up with Clint and Tasha a few minutes later. Thor and Sam were on their way. Once they got there, Tasha started talking
Instead of an answer, Tony launched himself into Steve’s arms. They just looked at each other for a minute, before the sparks went flying. When their lips finally met, it was like seeing in color for the first time. Steve thought he went weak in the knees, while Tony was sure he would have collapsed if not for Steve.
Tony watched as Steve approached DUM-E, his voice quieting considerably, “I can’t even count the times Peter and Peggy have asked me, ‘Where’s daddy?’. And I don’t want to. You know why? Because every time, every single
being cold and that despite popular opinion, you’re not the blanket hog, I am. He doesn’t know that you’re my favorite thing to wake up to. He doesn’t know that I actually don’t like eating vegetables and that dragging you to bed after a shop binge is one of my all time favorite things to do. He doesn’t know”
Tony was beginning to understand what Bruce was asking, “So you want Steve to come down to see if anything gets through, right?”
Peggy was curled in the corner, not crying, not screaming, just whimpering. Bucky had Peter cradled in his arms, they were both almost to the door. Peter was clearly struggling to get out of Bucky’s arms, but wasn’t having any luck.
Peggy was starting to wake up, Steve rubbed her back and she calmed down, “Tony, I just want to help her. How can we do that if we don’t know what we’re supposed to do?”
“I want full updates on every bit of information those bastards give up, you understand me Fury? Everything.” Tony was seething.
The Spider-Man nodded, awestruck as he sat in the chair next to the bed. Steve gently took James from Toni and eased him into Peter’s arms.
Rhodey had just dropped Peter off with Bruce, planning to head back in to help with the final offensive, but Steve called out through the coms.
“I swear, if you idiots leave me in charge of this group again with no notice, no one is ever going to find your bodies. Do we understand each other?”
The doors opened before they had the chance to say anything. And then they were bombarded by team members who quickly cleared back when they saw Toni.
His words were starting to slur and Peter was starting to feel sleepy. He just tried to keep talking,
“Steve! She can’t even sleep through the night, why would we send her to be by herself all day? How would she even react to that? She was already abandoned once, what if she thinks we’re abandoning her too?” Tony was spouting question left and right, Steve could see he was getting agitated.
The soldier turned in his husband’s grip and placed a kiss on his lips, “I don’t know, babe. Guess we were about due for some luck with the kiddos, huh?”
Bucky was getting a similar speech from Nat, Wanda had desperately wanted her father to be there and was worried when he wasn’t there on time.
Mulling it over, the girl finally deigned him with a response, “Okay, but if shit hits the fan, you’re getting us out of there ASAP, understand?”
“F-forgot I was h-home, d-daddy. Thought t-that t-they were g-gon-gonna hurt m-me again. Daddy, it hurt! And, and it was so s-scary daddy! I-I just wanted t-to come h-home!”
Toni smacked him upside the head, “You are not teaching my kid to shoot arrows, dumbass. They are going to inherit the Iron Woman suit.”
Steve really hadn’t meant to fall asleep, he really hadn’t. Especially not on a day like today. Days like this always brought back memories, and nice memories or not, they weren’t welcome. On days like this? Memories of before the ice always made Steve cry. So he really tried not to remember. It didn’t matter if the memories were good ones or not, they were always reminders of people Steve was never gonna see again.
Peggy had also heard the doors. She slowed her sobbing long enough to see Tony and Steve walking through the door with Peter. Instantly, she was practically throwing herself at them. Sharon was having a hard time not dropping her. Tony reached her first, immediately enveloping his daughter in his arms.
Tony’s response was slightly mummbled, “We’ll find them, Steve. We’ll find them if it’s the last thing I do.”
He was over to the screens so fast, it would have made Thor’s head spin, “Yeah, all of it, right here, right now. Thanks, JARVIS.”
Okay, panic attacks, Steve could handle this. Sam had dealt with these before and Steve had helped. He could help Tony now. Steve was careful not to touch Tony, not knowing how he’d react. He tried talking first.
They were back at Dr. Evans’ office a month later. The couple was radiating happiness, especially after they got the news that their little boy was perfectly healthy.
“Daddy! It was awful! Mommy was so mean, she hurt me, papa. Like how Peter got hurt before you saved him? Not as bad, but she hit me like that. All the time. And she told me I messed up her life and that she didn’t love me and she wished I’d never been born. Jeff was really mean too. I think he might have been my father, but I’m not sure. And he did all kinds of bad things to me, daddy. And I begged mommy to make him stop, but she didn’t do anything. She just let him hurt me and then she’d take his belt and hit me with it. Oh papa, it was awful! And nobody came to help me and then they just left me! It was scary and I was all alone and then the nice lady came and then I came to live with you. But before that, oh daddy, it was awful! Please tell me you’re not sending me back! I can’t do that, papa! I can’t go back!”
Tony was speechless for all of two seconds before he asked another question, “Can you tell me about the dreams and memories?”
They had started just after the second appointment and had only gotten worse from there. One minute she’d be laughing her ass off over something small and the next she’d be sobbing her eyes out for no good reason. It was just ridiculous! She had work to get done before she couldn’t work anymore and these stupid mood swings weren’t helping. At all.
“What the hell is this, Toni? Huh? Because after last night, I thought we might be getting somewhere and then I come back this morning to
Tony was quicker to wake than Steve was, “Okay buddy, we’re going. Just give papa a minute to wake up, he’s an old man you know.” A wink was directed in Steve’s direction as Tony said this.
Rhodey wanted to roll his eyes, “Well for one thing, I have Peter. We’re getting out right now. But the suit was in the holding cell. If you want it, you’re gonna have to get it out.”
“Wanted to make sure, when he,” at this, Peter pointed at Bucky, still unconscious from the tranq darts, “showed up, Peggy wasn’t there. I thought that they had taken her.”
“Can we go upstairs to our bed before we get any further into this? You and your youthfulness might be just fine sitting on this floor, but I, as old as I am, am most certainly not.”
Mommy, who had left her. Mommy, who had let Jeff do bad things. Mommy, who she loved. Mommy, who went out and didn’t come back. Mommy, who let her cry
He heard the doors whoosh open in the background, but paid them no mind, he had precious little time to get this suit down to the bare bones. Suddenly, the music cut out.
The elevator opening usually wasn’t a big deal, but Steve didn’t want the team to see him like this. He tried to tell whoever it was to go away, but just couldn’t get the words out. He didn’t have the strength to look and see who it was. He just knew that the team couldn’t see him like this, they’d never want him as their leader again.
“Of course,” Steve slid under the covers, Tony curled in his embrace, “I’ll stay for as long as you want me.”
Steve’s mind was whirring at a hundred miles an hour, hoping for the best but expecting the worst. His feelings for Tony were secret and had been so for well over two years.  He just hoped and prayed to whatever entity was listening that Tony was okay.
If someone had told Toni Stark five years ago where she’d be right now, she would have laughed in their face. Because where she was right now? It was so far away from what she was then, it’s not even funny. Five years ago, she thought she’d be dead in a few years. Decades of alcohol and drugs do that to a person. And that’s not even adding in her work as Iron Woman and the subsequent palladium poisoning.
Peter didn’t know what he was talking about, but the cell door was being opened by the man’s sidekick. If Peggy had been awake, he would have at least attempted an escape, but he couldn’t carry Peggy and get them both out the cell.
“Great! Then Hannah up at the front desk can help you schedule your next appointment and I’ll see you again in a month! Sound good?”
The alarm that Tony had purposely created the day they brought Peter home, it had been revamped to include Peggy when they brought her home too. Tony had grown up as the son of a wealthy billionaire, he knew that there would be kidnapping attempts. He just never thought anyone would ever succeed.
Tony cut him off after that,”Just a panic attack, I think. No big deal, I’ve dealt with them before. Brushed them off, no muss, no fuss.” And there were the smart remarks Steve was expecting.
When Peter saw what they had, he just laughed. The men all looked at him, puzzled,but didn’t bother asking him any questions. Now Peter knew how they had gotten the suit so easy. That suit was one of the oldest daddy had. And, it didn’t have everything they thought it did. Peter could see that several panels had been taken out and replaced with fakes. He just kept laughing. Finally, the man in black had had enough.
Here they were, two years later, waiting on a pregnancy test. And Toni could honestly say that this was the longest five minutes of her life.
Tony was trying to keep his sarcasm in check, it wasn’t working, “Well thanks for that update, Captain Obvious. I know we can’t just leave it.” His attitude turned serious after this, “But what can we do? Even before she got taken, Peggy didn’t talk a whole lot and
There's a line that could be read as a reference to rape, if that's a trigger for you, please skip after Steve and Tony's bit until after the next break in the text.
To his credit, Steve didn’t say anything about Tony’s sleep habits. Instead he talked about movie night on Friday (Clint wanted to watch Titanic again, no one else agreed), how he thought the suit could be improved (they had an argument over strength vs. flexibility), and some new coffee Steve had seen on his run (surprise! It wasn’t actually new).
Tears were springing up in Tony’s eyes, “I know sweetheart, I know. I’m sorry, but it’s the truth. If that’s what it took to bring them home, I’d do it in a heartbeat.”
Peter was squirming to get as close to his uncle as possible when Tony responded, “Nah, it’s pretty much ruined anyways. Just leave it and we’ll blow it sky high with the rest of this hell hole.”
Steve opened the car door so that Toni could get in, walked around to the driver’s seat, and got in the car before answering, “We could always go to Malibu for a couple weeks. We’re both overdue for vacations.”
All of these thoughts, feelings, memories, kept flooding through his head in no particular order. They weren’t welcome. But Tony didn’t know how to make them stop.
Toni hadn’t meant to push everyone away when she holed up in the shop. She really hadn’t. But years of doing just that all fell back into place. After she came home, all she could do was work. Work kept her mind off of what she was trying to avoid. Work kept her away from the people she had disappointed, away from the family she had failed.
Immediately, he felt the tremors shaking Tony and how cold he was. He thought that maybe a blanket might help, but didn’t see one around. He remembered something about pressure being a good thing to help with panic attacks and just continued with the hug. It didn’t seem to him that Tony was opposed to it, and it would help warm him up so he just continued on.
Tony got to her first and scooped her into his arms. She didn’t thrash but didn’t cuddle into him like she usually did. Steve came up behind him, wrapping his arms around both his husband and his daughter.
“Okay Toni, with the next contraction can you give me another big push?” Dr. Evans was trying not to laugh at Toni’s outbursts.
Meanwhile, the rest of the team was busy dragging her captor inside. Once they had him in an interrogation room, they all left, leaving only Natasha in the room. There had been no questions as to who was going to do the interrogation, everyone already knew.
Peter had a thing for his arm. Of course he did, Tony Stark was his father, he would have an obsession with a metal arm. He had so many questions that neither Bucky nor Steve could even begin to understand. Peggy on the other hand, really liked Bucky’s hair. She especially liked the fact that he allowed her to decorate it with all of her sparkly little clips.
Happy had been in the lobby, when Peggy showed up. He tackled the guy dropping her off, not wanting him to get away. The rest of the family showed up seconds later.
This is how I imagine Peggy! I wanted to post this with Chapter 1, but didn't know how to. Thanks for your patience!
The kids were returned the next morning. Thankfully, when they jumped on the bed to wake up their parents, their parents were fully clothed.
The fourth therapist was a perfect match. Peggy walked into the office, clinging to Steve, practically on the verge of tears. They started talking to the doctor and it was like her first day of preschool all over again. She didn’t even notice her parents had snuck out the door.
“Steve, your son is being too chipper.” Tony couldn’t hardly groan out that answer, let alone get up.
He had wanted to take the one who had spooked Nat with whatever the fuck she did, but couldn’t find her. She had been whisked away almost immediately by a blur. Clint assumed it was another enhanced, but hadn’t gotten a shot or a good look.
God bless Rhodey. He already had his arms open, as if he had anticipated that she would need a hug before they got there.
The suit would have gotten her there so much faster, but she couldn’t fit in the suit anymore. The drive from LaGuardia to the hospital was agonizing, every second felt like she should have been there, should have saved him, could’ve done more. It was a never ending cycle until Happy pulled up at the hospital, opening the door for her, just like nothing had changed.
himself in maple syrup. He hadn’t just spilled a little here and there, it looked like the whole bottle had come open when he was trying to pour it.
“Sirs, I regret to interrupt this time, but Director Fury has labeled the current situation as a Level 7. You are both needed at SHIELD headquarters immediately.”
Tony turned to Steve, wrapping his arms around his husband while resting his head between Steve’s shoulder blades, “How did we get so lucky?”
Peter woke up, expecting pain. He had gotten used to being woken to the lash of the whip against his back, that he didn’t register the softness of his bed or the gentleness of the light. Instead he started crying.
They ended up watching Grease. Steve didn’t understand why the movie was so important. Tony just gaped at him.
It took Steve and Tony forever to get Peter and Peggy into bed that night. Steve had told Tony all along that hopping the kids up on sugar wasn’t a good idea, but Tony just insisted, citing that it was a normal part of being a kid to get an exorbitant amount of sugar on Easter. Now he wished he could take it all back.
“What are we going to do now?” Tony asked as Reed informed them that Peter was going to be okay, thanks to his healing ability. The poison was cleansed from Peter’s system.
They still went on missions. Still, their relationship hadn’t been steady as it was fragile after Peter had gone missing. They talked about it. None of the Avengers brought up topics or mentioned Peter, or on how they wished that Peter was still here, alive.
Bruce studied Peter’s expression. “Not really. However, it would be better to know more about the person who is about to work for Mr. Stark. Just for precaution.” Bruce shrugged. “O-kay.” Peter said awkwardly. “Hobbies huh? I don’t really have any exciting hobbies expect for skateboarding, inventing stuff and reading. That’s about it.”
“Is… Isn’t that looked like a transporter?” Henry Pym said. “Transporter? What kind of transport?” Tony asked and said.
“Shut up Iron Man!” Clint replied. “Guys! Stop it! This is no time for an argument. And Iron Man, stop teasing Hawkeye and get back to work!” Steve commanded. “Gee, Cap, chill down. I’m working on it. So Hawkeye did you finally place the tracking device on Spiderman?” He asked.
Nick snorted a little bit. “Not likely. No. Yes, he hates working for the government. Though, we are hardly involved with the government. We collect and bring candidates to become heroes, protectors of the earth. The very reason how the Avengers are formed. We brought them in.” Nick Fury said.
“You’re right, love.” Tony agreed the two should stay in the bed for a little longer before heading to the kitchen to have breakfast with doctor Banner.
Group five was at SHIELD headquarters, looking around inside though mostly in the lab or in the information room where they began to search for any documentations or forms about the Parker couple. They found a few on the main computer and grabbed it before heading out. However, Nick Fury was passing by their hallway and inquired them about Spiderman. Their answer was a simple ‘No, not yet’. Nick Fury gave them a suspicious glare as they went out of the SHIELD basement then went back to Stark tower.
They continue their research and reading the rest of the files and documents. They had found out that both Parker couple was making a serum. It appeared they were trying to create a remedy for the head of Oscorp owner since said owner was suffering from a slow but fatal ailment.
they might be the ones who stole our son. Perhaps it’s just a coincidence that—“Steve explained but was cut off by Tony.
“The truth? It would be zero precent, Cap. He was a baby at that time, an infant. A few weeks old if I would presume? It’s impossible for a neonate to retain one’s memory when it happens during their newborn days. And like everyone says, it’s better to forget a horrible past then dwelling on it. What important right now is for you to be strong and make a new memory with Peter even when you didn’t get to see him growing up?” Bruce calmly reasoned.
“Good. We’ll start with your first tryout. Sunday, Bruce here will be helping you around. You’ll need it.” The day was spent with another session of interrogating him (Literally) before Tony explained his tryouts and lessons he’d learn from them, from this place and particularly from himself.
But Tony was thinking of someone rather more mortal when he looked at the downcast eyes and the sad mouth.
“Yes, yes. I know. I have been ignoring you. Don’t tell me, I made a big mistake didn’t I?” Obie laughed as he reached an arm out and put it around Tony’s shoulder, rather too close around his neck. Tony gave him a weak smile.
“This is too ppp..pink… this is too yel…yellow. I tried and tried b..but I can’t mmm..mix it right.”
He looked down. His hands were no longer tied behind him but to the arm rests. He flexed his fingers and saw that his cuff was still in place. And that brought back another flood of emotions. This time, thankfully it was all his own.
“Right. Nat will take the top floor. Buck’s ground level. I’m going for the basement. We are going to try silent entry. Keep away from cameras. Anyone spots the communication hub, take it out. This is now a rescue op. Kill anyone that gets in the way, but first priority must be the prisoner. Radio silence until objective is cleared and then we meet at the car.”
Steve’s wrist was itching again. He needed to do something. His mind was buzzing with all the things he perhaps shouldn’t have said to Stark. He had opened up in a moment of weakness, when he felt he would never see the man again. Now, he just felt embarrassed.
“I had forgotten my words,” he whispered. “I didn’t recognize it when you said them. I felt the bond form but I thought that I was dying… I mean I didn’t know what to expect but you shining like that, and the warm feeling of kindness… and peace. I thought it was a sign, like redemption, or absolution… I don’t know…” Steve faltered.
“But I wanted to thank you Mr Stark... Tony. I.. I am not like you. I’m not a good man.  But knowing you for these last few months… it allowed me to pretend that I was one of the good guys. Fighting the good fight without getting into the gray areas. Sometimes, just knowing there are people like you, good, kind and brilliant, can bring some light to those of us who live in the shadows. That knowledge, that maybe I... we helped... I can’t tell you what that was like. It felt like those things like summer and flowers and colours, beautiful things, good things, like family and tenderness and love… things I had had once, things I had forgotten. For some time I could pretend that I still had those things. That maybe I even deserved to have them. I don’t know why but ever since I met you my memories are trickling back.”
“Do as you deem best, but don’t leave him in the dark. I think Stark deserves to get a heads up about what is coming,” Nat said and jumped off the roof.
“There is something I need to warn you about. Our intel is that Hydra is planning to make a move against Shield. This will mean war. So, take care ok? And let me know if you ever need me… us… we can help… we’ll be glad to..” Steve extended his hand. Tony looked down at it and saw the curling words on his wrist, teasing him…
Steve smiled at the thought. But he had made some comfortable, almost happy memories. Something to dream about without any screaming. Even if they had been tainted with blood and violence at the beginning, Tony had given him that one blessing. He had never screamed. What a thing to be grateful for.
Steve sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. He only had to think about Tony Stark for the itch to return. He thought it must be guilt. Dealing with emotions had been difficult since his rebirth. Yes it must be guilt. He had watched a defenseless man getting beat up. Worse he had allowed it, okayed it. That was bad enough, now the man turns out to have been innocent of the whole weapons dealing?
Tony liked that sentiment. He lived by it. The world may burn above him, but he could be the weed that survived underground waiting for his chance. And Jarvis, the librarian had been a close personal friend of his father and a mentor to him. Now Jarvis ran the underground information highway, keeping tabs on everything that happened that they didn’t tell you about and everything that didn’t happen even though they told you it did. Tony was one of Jarvis’s biggest sources. And Jarvis was one of Tony’s real friends.
He reached out to Tony over the soulbond and felt the fresh throbbing pain. Tony had a slight headache and an ache in his wrist. Steve could not sense any real physical pain. But Tony was screaming.
Steve woke up with a jerk. There was someone in his head. The damned itch was back. His heart was racing and he wanted to throw up. He wanted to punch something. He wanted to sleep and never wake up. He wanted to laugh. He wanted to cry. He was going mad. He breathed deeply until the panic settled back and examined the dream he’d had. He’d seen his mother’s face. He remembered what she looked like. And she had been dead. Laid out and waiting for the pall bearers. He had found and lost her again in the same moment. Steve decided that this was the universe judging him for his bad choices. He had wronged a good man.
They had been conscious for a while now. They had both been fussed over by their own set of friends. Pepper and Rhodey making a nuisance of themselves at Tony’s bedside. Bucky and Nat glaring at nurses and being stoic at Steve’s side. Then Dr Strange and Dr Banner had joined the party and none of the hospital staff found themselves capable of throwing anybody out of the recovery room.
He was still exhorting himself to think when the door burst open and two long bangs followed by a crash alerted him to the aching feeling that something was wrong. Something was very wrong.
The bag was yanked off. Tony blinked and breathed deeply. The air was comparatively fresher but he was in windowless cellar like room complete with mould stains and dripping pipes and a single naked bulb above his head. Very kidnapper chic. The gang around him, he could see three of them, had masks on their faces and he suddenly felt better. May be they didn’t intend killing him. May be they needed him. Maybe this was an interrogation. Maybe…
In less than half an hour Steve was at the target. Nat was using a stick to draw a rough layout of the building on the dry dust layering the ground.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand and said, “Too late. I was happy to be in love. I used to think I couldn't you know, feel things. Like there was no room for anything other than pain. I think I fell in love when you looked at me like I was a monster.. You made me look at myself. See what I had become and you made me want to do better. Not because of something trite like a desire to be worthy of you… but the feeling that may be I don’t need to wallow in the pit I had been thrown into. May be I could be more than what circumstances had reduced me to. I didn’t need you in my life Tony… I wanted you, of course I wanted you.. But I what I really needed was you in this world. People like you, who make it all better just by being yourself. And showing people like me, that may be we could do..”
“What’s up, buttercup?” he asked instead, perching across the table and nudging Steve’s chin with his fingers.
And then the man spoke. Tony heard them. The words that were written into the skin on his wrist, pencil grey and cursive, curling over his pulse point.
Tony and the other Avengers were busy trying to figure everything what happened in Peter’s past, or trying to figure it out by finding evidence from the files they’d found at the Parkers’ lab. Even though Tony, Steve and the others had already found out about Peter’s true identity, they were still trying to figure why Richard Parker picked their son. To find out if Peter’s uncle and Aunt were also involved in Richard Parker’s scheme and keeping it from the boy. From
He wondered would he be able to face Steve and Tony after knowing the whole truth about him being the biological son of the great Tony Stark and not to mention that ’Tony Stark’ was working for the SHIELD organization.
He looked up and stared at the window in front of the crib. “It’s been years now. I’m sure that little Peter is probably around fourteen years old by now, if he is still alive somewhere out there” Tony muttered as tears dropped from his eyes by just thinking of it.
“What the heck is our plan B anyway?” someone asked, mostly Logan who was confused about the whole thing in the first place. And why weren’t they discussing something far more important such as the outer creatures attack, the possibility of the end of the world –or something along that line?  Instead they were, looking up for a…what? A deceased married couple? For what? They weren’t even gathered for anything big. He was only here because he owed that damn Captain America.
“Yes.” Nice commented in a deadpan tone. Tony sighed. “Fine, fine…at least I get to do something rather than idling and doing nothing at home…”
“This really is very important to me, to us Steve. I know that SHIELD had tried their best to search for our Peter those years ago. But I think they weren’t being thorough. Still, my point is I think that this Parker kid is our little Peter. I trust my instinct with this. I had the same feeling the moment we laid eyes on the kid when he came to us along with Bruce at the tower five months ago. I just didn’t try hard enough to notice of it, until now. This tiny little hope that maybe, just maybe, that this kid is our Peter and we’re his parents, his biological parents for that matter since I’m the one who gave birth to him. I want to do this… I… I want to be with our baby boy again Steve. I want him back. Don’t you want him back as well and see him grow up and get to know him?” Tony pegged, getting all sentimental and emotional over it. After all these years they’d been married, Tony never showed his emotions to anyone, expect to his husband Steve. Besides, Steve understood him better even without Tony’s knowledge.
Peter snorted. “Yeah, well, guess what? I get to go to that field trip next Saturday!” He cheered as the phone went death silent for a while until Harry’s boom (not literally though) of distrust could be heard throughout the receiver.
Then on the fourth day, May finally woke up from her coma, looking pale. Peter was with her the whole time. “Peter? Y-You’re here? B-But how?” She stuttered. Peter bit his lower lip. What could he say? That Tony Stark helped him with everything, for free without wanting anything back? She would hardly believe it.
Though he did wonder if his father even knew Mr. Reed Richard was Mr. Fantastic himself. But who was he kidding? Tony Stark was working with SHIELD and probably an Avenger himself as well so he doubted Tony didn’t know any of the Avengers.
“Umm…there was none- oh wait! ‘First state’.” James said as Tony told Henry to find the documentary of this label. Henry went and found it, handing the paper to Tony who began to read it.
It was around six pm when Peter got back to the Tower and went towards the penthouse, pretending he didn’t have the best moment of his life and went towards the kitchen.
Clint went mute for a moment, thinking of a way to explain to his group that he had missed on placing said device on their target. In his defense, the guy was swift in avoiding his tracker-arrow. He sighed and decided to just let them know.
Steve and Tony’s son, they couldn’t believe it. It was just as they feared. What was they supposed to do? They were confused; they didn’t know whether to let Peter join the Avengers or force him to leave.
Peter was called to get down to the lab by his dad. There he saw both his parents standing with a smile on their face, which made him stare at them suspiciously.
“And try to avoid getting in trouble.” Steve said with an innocent smile. “I can take care of myself.” Peter whined and pouted at them, his parents just chuckled at him before waving him goodbye.
“Ah! Just a second!” Tony said as he went to rampage something from his bag, pulling out what looked like a clean-shaved burgundy wig and sunglasses as he turned to face his husband who was seated beside him at the front seat of the car.
“Oh…I’m sorry but I really don’t know who he is. He just came up to me one time and asked me for the antidote to cure and stop Doctor.  After that I just handed him the formula when I was done making the antinode. He just wandered off and I never see him.” Gwen squeaked.
“Yes sir.” JAVRIS voice could be heard from above as the AI began to examine the feed as everyone watched it.
Steve sappily uttered as he ruffled Peter’s messy locks. The man left the room, closing the door behind him
And just to let you all know? I just finish making this chapter the other day ago, when my cold finally settle down and send it right away to my beta. And just received the edited version of this one just now.
“That’s up to you kid. Either way it doesn’t matter since now you’re part of the Avengers and you’re not a threat. The Avengers don’t need to know what you look like if you don’t want them too. There are plenty of fellow Avengers who are secretive of their identities; except for me, the head and founder of the Avengers.” He said.
“Can we intimidate the guy if he refuses cooperate?” Logan smirked, hoping he really would have the chance to summon at least
“What are you talking about?! Are you saying that his parents didn’t die in a plane crash by accident? That someone might have—“Steve stopped in the mid-sentence, paling at the thought crossing his mind.
BTW: I wanted to know if anyone here want me to make a Civil war Superfamily version fanfic? Just asking. I might make one when I finish this one? This story I means.
“D-Do you think that…Tony wouldn’t mind if I…If I call him Dad?” He heard Peter ask. Tony couldn’t help but to grin at that. Of course he didn’t mind. In fact, he would be happy and proud if Peter finally called and accepted him as his father.
During classes, Peter was interrupted by his private Avengers phone. It was signaling him they had an emergency at the moment. He groaned. He was in the middle of their history class when the thing vibrated in his pocket.
Natasha gathered her stuff. She stopped short when she looked at the photo of Peter Parker the Agent had sent her.
The next day, the avengers had another meeting as Tony told the other to go and investigate the old house of the Parker house. The people who went there were Natasha, Jane, Susan, Clint, Bruce, Steve and Tony himself since Tony wanted to see what the Parkers were up too in their old days.
“Well it was their work; we can’t do anything about it.” Richard said as he added.” Besides, they are already dead. So I don’t think we can do anything about that or complaining to dead people probably would not be such a good idea.” Richard pointed out.
“Anyway, your second suit, which I call it the yellow Spider. The suit is made of armor like suit, but it’s really light, almost weightless. The same material that I used to made Steve’s costume.” Tony said.
Tony rolled his eyes at the little information that Nick gave away which he already understood. The two began to have a heated argument. Steve on the other hand ignored the two as he looked down on a piece of brown folder. He flipped it open to read the given info. As far as he could see from the Intel that Coulson handed him and at the newspapers he often read?  He could already tell that this Spiderman wasn’t a threat to anyone. To him, it looked like Spiderman was just helping and saving people from minor problems that had been going on the New York street during the night.
“I want Clint to have another close combat with the kid so he can get a few blood samples from Spiderman. I’ll make him a weapon that could prick a drop of Spiderman’s blood without him knowing, and then I might let both Bruce and Richard to analyze the blood. Maybe it can also reveal us on what our target looks like.” Tony said.
“It’s could be. We won’t know not unless we find out. If only we could get a simple of his blood to test his DNA and see if his DNA has fused with the radioactive spider DNA or so.” Richard supplied.
Brain (Captain Britain) was busy explaining their mission and plan while half of the Avengers were bored (mostly the kids) when the door to the meeting hall flew open with a loud bang.
“Tony, breathe! Calm down, love.” Steve shushed; making a fine grab for Tony’s Shoulder and gave it a light squeeze to calm his nerves a little.
A smile graced his face as he imagined if their little Peter was alive, his room would probably looked like this; messy but in a good way.
I'll be putting the rest of the team and members of the Avengers, the comic verse and the movie one.
“I…understand. D-Did mom and dad ever tell you who my real parents were? Their names? Their place? Anything?” He pleaded. He might be adopted and unwanted, yet, he was still curious of everything.
Tony who was from behind the hallway heard their conversation and couldn’t help but to smile at that. Peter was finally opening up a bit after the past few days.
Tony addressed the boy, “They are yours. Now go on and get ready. Steve and I will be waiting for you.” he said. Peter shyly thanked Tony before going back upstairs to take a quick shower.
Steve noticed something that was out of place in the bookshelf, there in the middle of the rest of the book stood a nursery bedtime story. He pried it out of its place only for him to blink when the bookshelf made a clicking sound to the right side. Both Steve, Tony glanced at the bookshelf. It made a creaking noise, opening another route behind it.
Weeks later, they heard the bad news from Agent Phil; that someone broke into the hospital and took their son. They weren’t merely devastated for anger surged through Tony and Steve, dominating their inner emotions.
He tried the red and blue suit, the one that looked the same as his original though the element of his new suit wasn’t made of spandex. It was made to look like it one but different; the fiber of the suit was ten times thicker, and stretchable. Plus, it was as light as a feather.
Spiderman was about to take off his mask when his advance hearing caught a pad of soft footsteps. He whipped around to study the surrounding until he spotted Hawkeye through the left side. Peter dropped his bag, getting into a defensive position.
“I get it. Yeah, fine. I’ll handle everything. Just go.” Pepper said. “Thank you so much, Pepper! You’re the best! I don’t know what I would do without you!” Tony boomed as he heard Pepper snort through the receiver.
And this chapter was also being edited by WookieCookie and check and fixed it for me, so I really want to say thank you for her for all the help. :)
“It’s okay, sir. You did your best, and we’re grateful for that.” Steve beamed forlornly. The doctor nodded his head before excusing himself to tend to his other patients. They were the only ones left in the room. Silent filled the room until the archer broke it. “Look on the bright side, it means you can have Peter back in your life by adopting him if May doesn’t survive this.” Clint shrugged. Steve gaped at his friend, his mouth wide in disbelief. “CLINT! How can you say such a thing?!”
“So Hawkeye had been keeping a track on you as I had instructed him to do? Funny that he failed to inform me this. Wonder why?” He said to himself.
They acted like they were at home. Acted like a family, which made him feel uneasy. Maybe just maybe, it wasn’t a bad idea joining the Avengers after all?
“Now what are we going to do?” Tony asked. “Hmm… Maybe I could also do the same with Natasha? Ask the principal for our target to get him some internship or something? I’ll might be able to get some info out of him that way in a nice way?” Bruce said. “Good idea, Bruce Oh and can you put this thing on so that we can know what’s going on in there too while you talk to the kid?” Tony wiggled as he handed him a wireless-ear set, a small camera for them to know what was going inside. Bruce nodded his head before getting out of the car and joined the Black Widow.
“That’s okay, Peter. I tell Happy to get it for and you can borrow an unused sleepwear for tonight and there’s an extra toothbrush on our guestroom,
“Inventing? Like what exactly?” Bruce asked. He was interested to know about this one. Peter’s face lit up, probably in excitement more than the fact that he was exhilarated to know that someone curious of the things he built. It was first. Peter shouldered his stance before he began telling Bruce the countless of tiny to medium things he’d created for the past years since he was a child.
“They could have adopted him, I guess?” Clint said. “Maybe…but Mary had told Richard it wasn’t a good idea to adopt a child due to their work despite them trying to have a child of their own.” He added. “Wait! What was their job?” Tony asked, getting a little apprehensive as well. “They were specialized researchers.” He arched a brow, and then he paled when he realized something. None of them liked the look that marred Reed’s face. “Oh hell no. Don’t tell me…however, he can’t mean that he…” Richard lessened.
Hawkeye watched him from above. He saw the kid shot a web from his arms, aiming for strong kick from one of the robots scattering around New York City.
Steve wore an indignant look, deep in his thought while he ignored the way Tony twist and turn. Of course he could never forget about last night. Finding out that Peter Parker was their lost son, he was alive, he was taken by a wrong group of people, and he had been used as a revolting experiment by Richard Parker. He clenched his fist tightly at the thought of it.
“Good…. Now that settles? Why don’t we all go and have some branch?” Bruce said as he went to make some food in the kitchen.
“Just try to make sure the kid won’t do anything stupid to hurt himself. We still need him to join our group. Captain’s order.” He stated. Clint blinked. “Which one? Steve’s order or Nick Fury’s?” He asked.
“I’ll call or inform you through your mail…” Bruce said which made Peter look in surprise. “Y-You know my Email and cellphone number?” He asked a little shadily. “No, but your school has it I presume.” Peter titled his head before remembering the school did have it in case of emergency. “Oh right. You might want my new number since I kind of busted my old one.” Peter said as he handed the man his new number.
PS: This story is originally belong to me (korchan26), WookieCookie is my beta or editor who I'm grateful for helping out. :)
“See what I mean? The kid acts just like Spiderman from the way he speaks and delivers his speech!” Tony said to everyone.
“Okay… I’ll be just outside to look this over with and call you when I’m done. Mr. Stark had only told me to pick the best student I see fit to work for him.” With that, Bruce left the room but not before he heard the headmaster made a call for Gwen Stacy.
It was done. They had wrapped the boy around their scheme. All they needed now was to play it smoothly.
“Also, the arms have a small hole to where your web shooter can come out. The inside of the suit has a mini web shooter that I design.”
Peter thought of it before looking at Steve with a hopeful look. “Really?” He asked. Steve nodded his head with a smile. Well, maybe it wasn’t that bad. He never had anyone, or a father figure to call them as his dad before. So why not?
Pointing out here that Logan didn’t give a damn rat ass about everything. He just wanted more drink.
When Tony and the other went back to the Tower, they were greeted by group five. Logan and his group handed them a few of the files, video tapes, and documents that the SHEILD kept secret regarding the Parker couple. Tony was thankful for it, he told the rest of the group to get to the main lab on thirty-second floor. Bruce, along with Richard, followed Tony down to lab while Steve waited for the rest of the groups to come back and to inform them that Tony and the others were waiting for them.
“Mr. Banner here is looking for a student to offer an internship.” He said. “Um… May I ask why?” Peter asked as he added. “And why me? I mean they probably have plenty of students here that are legible. So why me?” He asked. “Mr. Banner has taken an interest in your grade and-” The principal said but was cut off as Bruce cut in.
Inside he could see an office, probably belonged to Mr. Parker. Then on the left side was filled with security TV and stuff. He turned to glance at his fellow teammates. “Hey Steve, you might want to check this out.” He called to which Steve glanced up at him in confusion before obeying his husband.
“Thank you; I’ll inform you when I get the approval from Mr. Stark.” Bruce stood up from his seat, bidding the boy farewell. Not turning back to see Peter making weird happy moves.
Peter scowled before sighing. “It’s not like I want to be picked. It’s high school. If you’re not on the top of the food chain, you’ll become the laughing stock. It’s either one of these.” Peter said. Bruce knew if Steve was here, the man wouldn’t just let this slide. The Captain disliked bullies.
“I bet they already used that serum on someone else.” Tony accused. He then swiveled to look at his friend. “What can the serum do?” Richard stared at Tony and thought of a way to explain it to him in an easy way for Tony and the others to understand, sure Tony could understand science language but not to a certain higher level since the billionaire was mostly majored in creating and inventing.
“Good. Meet me here tomorrow in the morning. We’ll take you to the Avengers tower to meet the rest.” He said.  Coulson stayed behind and went towards Peter. “Look on the bright side kid; you’ll get to meet your idol.” He smiled, leaving the boy by himself. Peter was shocked by the statement.
Everyone eyed Nick with a serious stare while the Young Avengers all looked interested to meet and get to know Spiderman. Nova, who Peter met last night, came towards him. “Yo! Nice to meet you. I didn’t get to introduce you myself. I’m Nova.” Nova asked with a wide beaming grin. Peter just blinked his eyes at Nova. “Ah…okay, right.” He said. “Cool. Now come on and sit with the rest of us.”
Tony and Steve sighed in relief by that news. But right now, they had a bigger problem. The couple did the only thing they thought was right; they asked for counsels from their fellow Avengers who were parents themselves.
Not a minute later, Iron Man and Captain America - who was being carried by Iron Man – and the rest of the Avengers arrived. Hawkeye looked up at Captain America, “Come on get up so we can catch up to Spidey.” He ordered.
Tony frowned at that, he didn’t like his kid skipping meal. “Steve, can you-” Tony didn’t get to finish his sentence. Steve was already hurling (very, very gentle) Peter on his feet.
Steve and Tony gave him a grin. He didn’t like it at all. It meant he was going to be paired up or teamed up with someone who he would not get along with.
He told Happy to get five days supplies since Peter probably wanted to stay longer with his Aunt May. Next, he rang Pepper, informing her he couldn’t go to the meeting tomorrow and yes, he knew Pepper was scarier than Steve but hey, when it came to Peter, nothing could stop Tony.
When the elevator door flew open, Peter was frozen on his spot. There, he could see all of the Avengers and some of them probably -
“I-…see…well if you’re busy I’ll just ask you later.” Peter made a move to press the button when Tony’s voice stopped him. “No! Wait! It’s okay. What do you need?” Tony asked.
May angled her head, motioning the boy to come closer, kissing the boy’s forehead when he did so. “I love you Peter. Be strong and stay healthy. Remember what your uncle Ben said, with great power, comes great responsibility.” Her fingers kept treading through his hair, again and again until it finally stopped moving, limping to her side. The beeping of the monitor remained flat.
“It’s okay, Cap. I’m calm, cool, see? You can let me go now.” Tony formed a fake smirk. Steve eyed him, making sure that he was actually composed enough.
Tony nodded. They continued to talk more about the little information the girls had found in their research. When it was almost midnight, Tony and Steve had told the others to head back to their home.
“I mean, we did encounter Spiderman before, well except for Richard and his gang, but I think it might be it. Somehow, he was bitten by that Spider and gained him some sort of mutant power?” She guessed.
So to not make things matter worst. I'am deleting all of my work. That or someone whose willing to adpot them for me and continue to where the story left off. If anyone willing too, that is. Just pm me.
They scattered into two sub-groups to quicken their work. Natasha knocked on the first house she spotted. A person answered and a woman around the age of forties was standing in front of them, looking confused and skeptical.
The girls; Jane, Susan, Natasha and Jenifer, were at Peter Parker’s house. The girls watched Peter get inside the other kid’s car and drove off, noting that group four was tailing not far behind. The girls then parked somewhere near and got out of the van to begin their mission.
He cursed inside his head. Now what was he supposed to do? He wasn’t planning on getting caught and he definitely didn’t want his biological parents to know about this. He had only stayed with the Starks nearly two months but he knew they were protective.
Nova whistled next to him, glancing at the red-spandex boy. “Cap and Iron Man must be a little pissed with Nick.” He said. “Why?” Peter asked. Nova shrugged.
“If you join the Avengers, you might get to be one of the most powerful sidekicks? Or if you want you can work alongside them or join the Young Avengers like us.” It was Sam Alexander, Nova, the new recruit Nick had found and joined the Young Avengers group along with Frank’s kid last year.
“—In fact, I think it’s time for you to know something.” Peter snapped out of his thought. “Huh?” He asked confusedly.
Bruce and Natasha heard what Peter said and couldn’t help but to beam at the statement. Steve who heard it too just shook his head. After breakfast, Happy barged in to the crowded kitchen and handed Peter expensive-looking garments. The boy hesitated, and Tony sent him a wide grin.
“Well you were not that easy to bait, Spiderman. Not easy to capture since you’re fast, smart, and all…but they were trying.” Nova said.
He took off the cuff and looked at the black inked cursive writing again, neat and sure and oh so promising—
“Oh thank goodness,” Dr Banner said as he got up from a chair in the corner and began to adjust something. “We can bring him out of it,” he was saying to Steve.
“Hey Tony. Thought I’d find you here,” Pepper said as she sat down beside him and swung her legs over the edge of the water tank.
Tony rubbed his face again. “Let’s just keep it between the three of us for now. We’ll bring him into it when we have a name.”
“Please,” Steve had managed holding out some crumpled notes, and making his request. And then he had collapsed.
“Only you, Steve. The fuck did you do him? Rattle his brain with a slap?” Bucky was amused and curious.
Bucky felt he finally understood what was going on with his friend. The pauper had fallen for the prince. A fairytale that had tragedy stamped all over it. He cleared his throat and said, “Clint will be at the gas station with Jan by tomorrow evening. Depending upon how soon they load the truck and get it moving, it will be in the precinct three to five days. Jan’s team will stay there and get more intel on the truck stop and Clint will follow the truck till the cops bust it.”
“All right whatever stupid plan you have to ruin your life in some new flamboyant and batshit crazy way, lead on. We will follow, support and love you through it all,” Pepper said.
Steve stumbled off Obie’s limp form and crawled towards Tony. “Are you Ok?” he rasped before his hands gave out and he fell forward.
And so it is done. All my words are read. Thank you for soldiering through, and thanks for leaving kudos and comments. I greatly appreciate the ego massage--best way to get rid of that kink in the creative process called self-doubt.
“What gave it away?” Tony smiled waving a hand at the bandage around his head and the arm in a sling.
. Did they not know that Hydra militia was responsible for his parents’ death. Did the whole world not know this? How could they even ask? And yet they were not stupid. Gnat had let nothing important slip the first time she questioned him. And then she had told him a story. It was very colourful. With detailed descriptions and illustrated with helpful diagrams that she had kindly brought with her. The theme was the same old, “here is where I will cut you, this is how slow it will go, this is how much it will hurt, if you don’t tell me what I want to know.” He’d been too dehydrated at the time, or he would have peed his pants. The way that woman had smiled. He shivered. He still didn't know what had kept her from fulfilling her promise to him.
Tony shut up and waited. He knew that expression. She had something to say but hadn’t made up her mind yet. They watched the sky and looked for the absent stars. “There is a universe out there somewhere,” Pepper said softly swinging her legs gently.
There had only been seven thousand odd total cases in all of recorded history. And of those, the ones who had been scientifically proved was a pitiful number—just a few hundred.
Steve walked past him without a word. Something was wrong with him. His arm was itching so much that he could hardly think straight. He looked down at the reddening skin where his nails had tried to alleviate the phantom itch. Just beneath the flushed skin he could make out pale marks. Like a scar that healed years ago. It might have been words, but it was too faint to make out before the blood retreated and his skin looked unmarked as ever.
“Hello,” he parroted one of Bucky’s old lessons. “My name is Steve Rogers. I am the Captain of the Howling Commandos.”
“Scrub everything. Let’s move base. The man traffics in information. The less he knows about us the safer we shall be. Get Bucky to go over everything and figure out what he knows about us.”
Well it didn’t matter. If only he could find something to do. Somewhere to put all this excess energy that was buzzing like white noise inside him. Someway to scratch this damnable itch that was settling right under his bones.
Dr Banner laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. “I have taken him off the sedation. He will back with you in a few minutes.”
Tony had registered the distant explosion only as a shaking in the ground that rumbled through him. He hadn’t noticed Obie spin around to face the door, his gun at the ready, making his way carefully towards the only exit.
But it was his brain that kept his little smuggling operation alive, and the fact that he made friends easily. Or allies, if you wanted to nitpick. And the fact that he always made sure they owed him. The trick, as his father used to say, was to make them owe enough to be grateful but not so much that they became resentful. He wondered if he had slipped up and someone did begin to resent… who were these people? How did they know where to find him? Had he been betrayed? It was pointless to worry, he would soon find out and then he could worry. He concentrated on the last schematic he had been working on before he had stepped out for breakfast. Before the alley. Before the arm around his neck and the bag on his head. He was at the cusp of a breakthrough in the design for a new power coil for his engine, when the sounds of the door opening and footsteps reached him.
By midnight Steve was back at their hideout. Pepper opened the door to him. Her red-rimmed eyes widened and her face broke into creased smiles. “Oh thank goodness,” she sighed as she threw herself at Steve.
“Look here Rogers,” Rhodes said. “Cards on the table. We are not taking on the Hydra Militia. They are too big and we are a rather more visible target than your little vigilante group. We can’t afford an all-out war. That said, we are not going to all this whole weapons business and mole in the organization to go without challenge. We don’t like being played. We don’t like being made fools of. So yes, we will do something about it. Other than that, we are not looking to paint a target on ourselves.”
“When we got there, the place seemed deserted. But a quick look around told us that the truck was already there and under guard. Jan managed to sneak in between floorboards, man that woman is scary sneaky. She could give Nat a run for her money. Well we waited outside. That was when the other clown drove in with Stark’s truck. Thor and I were convinced she’d been made you know. But we had promised to give her time, so we stayed put. Three hours later madam saunters back like she just came from a Sunday brunch with friends,” Clint stopped to swallow a mouthful and wash it down with warm beer.
Time can be a fractious thing. Disordered and perverse, the moments you wish would pass quickly, well they never do, do they? They stretch on and on and on, like the snowbike ride. How, Steve wondered, was it possible that sliding down a snow covered landscape could involve so much bone jarring vibration? In the dark, without a headlamp, just the tentative narrow gleam of the torch to guide him, Steve found the going difficult. Even his enviable eyesight could not spot all the hidden rocks and the steep drops in the treacherous terrain.
Steve let out a long breath. He hadn’t slept since the night they had dragged Tony Stark into the cellar. That one misstep was costing him more in peace of mind than when he lost four men in the last raid. He wondered what that said about him as a leader.
The door opened behind him and Steve turned. He tried not to look disappointed when he saw his hosts. Steve recognized them as Stark’s lieutenants—Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. Silence beat around them for a few minutes before Steve remembered that he would have to be the one to set the ball rolling. Introductions, yes that was what normal people did when they met for the first time.
They had finally left the two men alone only when the champagne finally ran out. Bucky and Rhodey had shoved their beds together and told them to be good and laughed on their way out. There was still one lone balloon bumping up against the ceiling. ‘Get swell soon’ it read. The room was quiet but for the clicks and beeps of the machines around them.
Steve shook his head, like he often did when Tony’s thoughts had left him far behind. “I don’t understand.”
Everything hurt. Even his jaw was aching with how hard he had been gritting his teeth aginst the pain. He was exhausted and the night refused to end. There was a scraping noise and suddenly the snowbike veered to the left and crashed into an exposed rock face. Steve was thrown off and he landed on his back looking up at the starless skies, wincing. He had no idea how far he had come, how far he still had to go. He did know where he was, but he knew he was cold and tired.
Tony thought that was a good line. He wished he had thought of it. But who would he have said it to? He had plenty in the narcissism and egoism department but his megalomania cupboard was bare. He realized he was still a bit loopy. He started slurring his words to play for time.
Hello. This is my first attempt at fanfic. It was a personal challenge to play with characters not my own, living in a world not quite their own and seeing where it goes. I welcome comments and criticism.
“I think we are both looking for the same thing. What is in my truck, how is it getting there and who is it going to? Perhaps you can help with two out of three questions. Though I must say you have been operating on the fallacy that the answer to Question No 2 is Tony Stark. Given a 33% failure rate I’m not even sure if we can trust your handle on the other answers.”
“Nuh-uh. I looooove tinkering. It makes me happy. Figuring out how thinks work, and fiddling with it to make it work better,” said Tony. Then he looked at Steve curiously.
“What she said. But I also reserve the right to laugh in your face and say I-told-you-so when it all goes to hell in a handbasket and you sit there in the ruins of your… Right love and support,” said Rhodey.
“And you can neither keep me, nor keep up with me so shut up,” said Pepper and added, “I don’t want to bring this up right now, but Stane wants to know when we can give him the new route. Shall I bring him into the loop on this mole thing?”
Tony’s chin was resting on his chest with the effort of getting the angle right when the man moved his hand and grabbed his chin. The touch though not gentle, was not very rough either. But Tony felt it. Oh he felt it at a subatomic level. Like his vision was whiting out with whatever the fuck glow the man carried within him. In a nanosecond of clarity he made out his words on the wrist in front of his eyes—like pencil marks, upside down in Tony’s blocky untidy handwriting.
“Five,” said Nat and they all heard the boom of a grenade going off in the top floor. Steve smiled and did a quick count across all the monitors still active.
“Distraught,” Pepper said, “That is what he was feeling. We were worried that his emotions would incapacitate you and you needed all the help you could get.”
“Et Voila! And we have the favourite pigment from the prehistoric to the Romans,” Tony said, delivering a perfect regency bow before Steve’s spontaneous applause.
“Here, I made you something,” Tony said as he threw a something to Steve. Steve caught it and looked at it. It was a medallion, smaller than his palm, bigger than a coin. Burnished brass with a plain face and a little button on the top. Steve pressed it and the lid opened to show a beautiful compass face.
“I know I do. You make me happy too. But that was not what I asked. What makes you happy? What… not who…” Tony shook his head, smiling.
Steve shuffled along blindly for a while. The glow in the sky had subsided. He knew then it had been the fire, not dawn, so he hadn’t been out of it too long. There was no sign of SS Iron Man in the sky. But then, there wouldn’t be. Tony had designed the dirigible to be nearly invisible in the night sky. And the plan had been to be far away from the mountains and back on land well before first light. Iron Man was a weapon only as long as nobody knew of its existence. He knew Bucky and Nat would stick to the plan. He wondered if Tony would. Steve hoped he wouldn’t do anything stupid like turn the ship around on an ill-thought out rescue mission. He wondered if Tony was alright. He closed his eyes and probed through the soul bond. But he could sense nothing. He wondered if that meant Tony was too far away. Or if he was still unconscious.
There had been a time, when they had just found each other, when Steve felt that it was enough to love. But then Tony was like a drug. Little by little, he had tasted the wondrous, grown accustomed to the taste and he had started to want. And want. And his want had turned to greed. It scared Steve how much he wanted.
Steve shook his head. “He is a maker. Have you seen his hands? I think he should only make good things. If I could have it my way, he’d never have to…” Steve sighed. That road through dreamland never led anywhere.
“You tell us, Tony. You were missing for three days. And you’ve been unconscious for hours. Where were you? Who took you? What did they want?” Pepper’s voice began rising and she caught sight of Tony’s wince.
Tony passed it to her and gave her a short precis of his nightmare experience. Leaving a careful blank around the soulmate debacle.
“That was my understanding too, doctor. Although I must add that bonding and mark realizations have a magical aura as well. That must have also helped the men survive what was to both of them a very lethal situation,” said Strange.
If all went according to plan, by this time next week it would all be over. Or he would have started a war he had no hope of winning. Tony rubbed his face again. It was cold up here. His face was going numb. He looked at his wrist and removed his cuff. It was too dark to see the words, but he knew they were there. He had got into the habit of rubbing a finger over the skin. It calmed him somehow. Placebo effect, he told himself.
Steve watched through the scope as ant-sized men loaded machinery and weapons on to trucks. He counted a line of 14 vehicles, some of them painted with Stark logos. He sensed Tony’s presence next to him.
Pepper looked at Rhodey like he had grown a new head. “Where have you been? The whole compound is under lockdown. Happy was attacked..”
And then it began. The punching, the kicking, the slapping. The beatdown. It came at almost the exact same time as the burn on his wrist, where hidden under his leather cuff Tony’s soulmate’s first words to him burned to ink black and seeped into the blood in his vein. Tony’s mind came alive with pain as memories of another lifetime poured into him in flashes like lightning and all the while his body was being pummeled by the men around him. He couldn’t breathe. His arm burned. He made the effort to keep his head steady through a ringing slap and tried to look at his soulmate.
In the privacy of his office Tony rubbed his face for what felt like the 100th time that day. “Fucking Hydra. How bad is her wound?” he asked Pepper as she followed him into his sanctum.
Later that day Tony had accompanied Steve to get all the art supplies he could imagine using. Steve chose like a million shades of earth tones. He wanted to get Tony’s eyes right.
Steve and Tony were sitting at the kitchen table late one night. Tony was tinkering with a gadget, a little frown and a small smile on his face. He was humming something under his breath. Steve was captivated by the complete contentment on his face, the book in his own hand, went unregarded.
The snowbike was very much like a motorbike, except for the wide ski board in place of regular wheels. It was also fueled and ready, so Steve tied his extra fuel can to the back along with the rest of his supplies and began hotwiring the vehicle. There was a sudden howling wind and a large chunk of snow fell from somewhere above him and tumbled into the ravine. Steve froze and rethought his plan.
“He definitely did try to kill Rogers. Two shots, both lethal. One collapsed the lung, the other nicked the aorta. The aorta, doctor! I’ve never heard of anyone surviving such injuries. Have you, doctor?” asked Banner.
He stopped and frowned at Tony, tied up in the chair, all sweaty and small and weak and pathetic… stop it.
“I meant the business? Have we lost any shipments?” Tony tried shifting in bed to face Rhodes but the sudden burst of pain from his ribs put paid to that idea.
“You taking lessons from the little Russian assassin, Pep? I didn’t hear you come. You could’ve startled me into jumping right off and doing a face plop on that truck down there,” Tony said.
When he was alone, Steve looked down at his unmarked wrist. It had reddened where he had been scratching at it. It wasn’t always empty. He remembered having words there once, long ago. But like everything else, he had lost his soulmark too. He didn’t even remember the words any more. He had a vague memory of his mother singing a song about soulmates and telling him he was lucky. He knew she had died, he didn’t remember that. He knew he had lived on the streets for a while, he didn’t remember how long. He knew he had been taken by that mad scientist, he didn’t remember how. He had flashes of memory, of being imprisoned and injected and gassed, mostly of pain. Like he was burning from inside, and screaming. He knew he had not been alone, there had been a black boy in a cage and other young voices screaming in other cells. He knew he was there for a long time, he didn’t remember how long. He knew the doctor was dead. He remembered the man being kind, feeding him and stroking his fevered head through the worst of the pain. He remembered bits of whispered apologies. But mostly he remembered the screaming. His own and the other kids'.
The man slapped him. Tony closed his eyes. It hadn’t even been a hard slap. But he had felt it in every atom. Tears sprung into his eyes and he screwed them shut.
Tony broke into a long technical rant. As he spoke he reached for a jar of dark honey and lifted the honey dipper from it, spinning it slowly between his long beautiful fingers and reaching across the table, to let it drip in golden strings across Steve’s pancakes. Steve watched entranced as Tony talked about tensile strength and honey dripped in a lovely brown string catching the morning light and glowing gold. Tony’s eyes lit up when he talked animatedly about his aha moment, when he figured out how to double durability while reducing the metal weight. And Steve watched the brown in Tony’s eyes glow gold in the morning light.
Then Blondie had asked about militia groups and Tony was horrified that those bastards were the men the Howlers suspected he was selling weapons to.
“No. It is something trite, common and so not something I would ever say,” Tony said replacing his cuff.
They had not accounted for the activity in the courtyard. The loaded trucks were all out in the open. Steve calculated that they were so close to each other that one hit would cause a domino effect of explosions.
“Zilch. That’s what I have right now. But by tomorrow,” said Rhodes as he stood up, “I’ll know things that will make them weep.”
“He spoke to you.” Steve said quietly. The itch was beginning to crawl beneath his ribcage now. “What did he say?”
It was a bright sunny day. One of summer’s less stifling days and Steve was lying on the grass soaking it in. The world was noisy with life and yet it was all peaceful. He sensed Tony and opened his eyes.  The workshop must have been hot. Tony walked barefoot on the grass just as Steve sat up to watch him. He was dressed in his mechanic’s overalls that he must have found constraining. He had removed the top half of it and tied it around his waist. He was greasy and sweaty and unkempt. He looked beautiful.
The only story he thought applied to him was a legend of some nun in the old country who taken a vow of silence and during that period met a traveler who said her words. She kept her vow and didn’t break her silence. The man left and she stayed a nun. There was no data on the quality of life led by either individual.
The plan had been coming together. Slowly, but surely it was all falling into place. Tony sat at the top of the water tower in the compound and looked down at the activity below him. Sitting in the shadows, hidden from all eyes, this was his favourite place to think. He watched his men loading and unloading various trucks. The compound buzzed with activity after the long lull of forced inaction. But now the mole hunt was on. One of these men was probably a traitor.
Bucky was right. It was three days before Clint was back. He was brown with road dust and looked exhausted. Between mouthfuls of food he related his adventures.
“All right. Lucas, aren’t you going to greet your father?” Mathew asked. Frank saw the boy wave his hand. “It’s okay, Matt.” Frank said. He moved to place a hand on his son’s head and ruffle it, earning him an annoyed groan from the boy. “Dad! Knock it off!” Lucas chided. Frank just chuckled. “Sure thing, buddy.” Frank said before sitting beside his son on the couch.
“You’re the only one stands out from the rest. I mean I did look at the other students and their grades however yours was the only one I deem worth it.” Bruce clarified.
“Yes, plan C! I want some of our Avengers members to go and investigate anything that have to do with Richard and Mary Parker! I’ll list things for them to do tomorrow on our new mission.” Tony muttered the last part.
“Spidey?” Steve asked through their communication. “My new nickname for Spiderman since it’s kind of easier calling him that.” He pointed out. “Spidey huh? Great nickname.” Hawkeye said as he supplied. “So? Did you track him yet?” He asked. “Yeah. He’s on the move. Just wait for us there so we can all catch up and find out where his hideout is.” Tony said before informing the rest of the team.
The Avengers were in shock when they found out that Spiderman was none other than Peter, their little Peter, when Reed removed Spiderman’s mask. The Avengers took Spiderman into their private infirmary, and Reed did his work to fix and treat Spiderman while the boy was unconscious.
When Bruce was done, his eyes caught a photo of one ‘Peter Benjamin Parker’ and couldn’t help but to read and look over at his files, and to his surprise, the kid was really smart despite his outer appearance.
Tony and Steve tried to deal with the whole order of Peter being their long lost son, Bruce helped out trying to make some sense between the two, Peter on the hand got a call from the trips his aunty May went too.
“Yes, this person is a she. Name is Gwen Stacy, working for Oscorp as a part time job and also the one who made the antidote and gave it to Spiderman to stop the Doctor Connor from succeeding with his plan.” She explained. “Oh. How does she look like?” Steve asked. “That--…ahh, talk about the devil.” She grinned as she pointed to a girl who walked towards the school, wearing a white sleeve with black stripes and a black mini skirt. Her hair loosened freely and she strode gracefully on her black boots.
proof! And I can’t believe you don’t want to believe this Parker’s kid might be our lost child! Don’t you want to have our son back?” Tony snapped.
Tony and Steve eyed Spiderman. “Huh. Nick, can I have a word with you?” Tony asked as he got up from his seat and went towards the exit door. Nick followed him from behind along with Coulson and Steve.
“Well, yes!” Tony childishly bawled. Clint rolled his eyes. “Cap here keeps making excuses and looking for any holes to prove that this kid isn’t our guy. Of course, we’re talking about Cap here. A man with a giant heart.” Clint berated before continuing. “But I’m totally with Bruce and Tony. The kid is too smart for his own good. And I fought Spider-man. I know how he moves and talks and this Peter is the very epitome of that! Even though Cap still doesn’t agree.”
Steve at the moment was busy making breakfast for everyone. Bruce, Natasha and Clint were sitting on the crystal stools while Peter was setting the table, glancing at Tony every so often.
Sorry about killing May here. But it was necessary. The story will get better on the next chapter.  And sorry about the whole angst part on May, :V
If anyone guess it right? And yes, that yellow Spider suit was the suit that Spiderman used in the Civil war comic verse. :3
“I don’t have to worry about that, Bruce-y. I don’t have to go inside to get the information.” He said in a flat tone which made Steve, Bruce and Richard Reed to stare disconcertedly at him as he rolled his eyes at them. Tony produced the duffel bag he brought with them and pulled out what looked like to be small camera and complex-shaped anode.
Steve knew it was harder for Tony to just forget their lost son but he had moved on (as heartless as that sounded) but sometimes,
“Wow…this place looked so abandoned and unused. Well then come on guys; let’s check out what we can find about here.” Tony said as he went towards.
An hour later, group three finally came back, looking troubled as they filled Steve up with their mission while walking towards the lab.
“I’m going inside and ask the principal for an interview with Gwen Stacy. I’ll tell them that I’m a FBI or CSI, trying to investigate the incident that happened in this school three months ago. I’m sure it’s the closest thing I can get to talk to Gwen Stacy if she knows Spiderman.” She said as she didn’t allow Tony to finish. She straightened her back and headed towards the destination.
Peter watched both Nick and Coulson leave. Nova stayed behind and pulled out his cellphone, snapping a photo of Spiderman who looked weirdly at him. Nova flashed him a grin. Peter just shrugged his shoulder.
Bruce dismissed him with a wave. “He won’t mind. In fact, he’s upstairs and wants to meet you first. He wants to test you perhaps. See what you’re capable of. And oh, in case if Mr. Stark’s absence, I’ll replace him, meaning you’ll be having two advisers at one time.” He said with a grin. Peter awkwardly returned it. They went inside the tower, taking the elevator to reach the floor where Tony would be. Once they were inside the elevator, Bruce broke the quiet,
Clint found the master bedroom, making a short but careful check inside it but the result was disappointing. He’d found nothing. Clint frowned as he went out of the room only to bump into Bruce who also went out of the other room.
“Something’s happened to Peter’s aunt. Now, I don’t want to do anything for the Parker members, but since Peter was pleading me to help? You know I can’t refuse him, ever. He comes first, the rest is second.” Tony turned to throw a glance at his husband only to find Steve wearing the same cemented viewpoint.
“I need you to be there for those three and make sure they don’t ruin anything or do anything stupid. You know how they are. Muscles first, questions later.” Brain frowned at that request but inclined anyway.
“You idiot. We would never be mad-…well, a bit. But we’re only mad because you’re Spiderman. Other than that, you have no idea how long your father and I had been looking all over for you. I thought…we thought we couldn’t find you ever again.” Tony said as he hugged his son tighter, giving little kisses here and there on Peter’s head and cheeks.
Steve and Tony were in one of the small meeting areas that was part of Tony’s tower, a few floors away from the main meeting room.
Tony didn’t know why that comment flared something inside him but it felt as if Clint was implying Peter was like his son and dammit. Tony didn’t want anyone as his son. He wanted his Peter, his stolen little Peter that was taken from them fourteen years ago. No one could ever replace his blood-and-flesh son. Not just some random kid, albeit he came to care of this- this Peter. Plus, he didn’t want to worry Steve by strangling Clint. So he settled down with the lamest excuse,
“Agent Romanoff. Yeah, I know. Gwen told me that you two had a little chat a while ago b-but my answers are the same as hers. I wasn’t involved; I was at home at that time with my aunt May. You can ask her if you don’t believe me.” Half of it was a lie, half it though was not. He was really at home because his aunt May believed so. Or yeah, screw logic and all that.
He heard a familiar laugh from Green Goblin, who was mocking him with a smirk. “Well, well, well…look what I have here? Isn’t it the little ol’ Spider boy?” He mocked, pissing Peter off. Peter rubbed his chin before staring at Green Goblin, glaring beneath his mask before aiming at the man.
“Nah, it’s cool…history class was boring anyway.” Spiderman said. Clint shrugged before saying. “Anyway-”Clint was about to say something when he was interrupted by a loud crashing and banging noise from beneath them. They looked down.
“And you had been asleep for two days now, Peter.” Bruce said as he added. “And one more thing, Steve and Tony are in Reed’s office, talking about the poison Green Goblin had used on you.” Bruce said.
The earth mightiest heroes dressed in their casual garments, waiting in front of the school for the arrival of their target inside SHIELD’s borrowed vehicle. Clint was monitoring the screen, keeping watch on the backgrounds. “So Tasha, find anything new about the person we’re looking for?” Steve asked while looking outside the window. His husband sighed from the driver seat.
But since I'm the author I decided to make the story of a Harem/Peter or Peter/Everyone expect with Tony, Steve since they are his parents here in the story, oh and Matt and Frank are so totally my second favorite OTPs~
“If it so then why won’t you have faith in me? Peter Parker might be our son! Everyone said Peter almost look and act like me. Don’t you even remember what our precious little son looks like, Steve? Cause I sure as hell do! I can never forget the beautiful brown hair and the eyes our son has! The little, pinch-able nose, the same shape of eyes just like mine, pale, beautiful skin, and that red birthmark on the back of his left arm? I remember every detail on what our son apparently looks like Steve! Don’t even tell me that it might be a coincidence that Parker has the same birthmark as our son! I saw, you saw, we both saw that the kid has the same birthmark on the back of his left arm when he lifted his sleeve shirt at that time in the lab. Steve, I’m a hundred percent sure this is not a pure coincidence.” he pleaded.
“Not that I’m not happy and proud to be a Rogers-Stark. I don’t want to get too much attention if they found out I’m adopted by the great Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” Peter said.
Nick Fury, head of the S.H.I.L.E.D, sat in his office, reading the files agent Phil Coulson sent to him a while ago. The files were mostly regarding the report incident that occurred three months ago about the whole lizard things, followed by the files of Spiderman encountering and fighting Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus a few weeks later. It caught Nick’s attention as he was more interested in Spiderman than the Lizard, who was a Scientist turned into a mad giant reptile.
Peter woke up to the sound of his alarm clock, getting out of bed, preparing himself for school. He stayed up for the whole night, reading Richard Parker’s journals. To his shock, the serum Richard Parker had used on him was similar to the one that was used on Captain America, but less different.
When they arrived, everyone rushed (Just Peter really) to May Parker’s room. Unexpectedly, she was relocated into a cloistered room. If Tony wanted to be on Peter’s good side; putting May Parker in one of the most expensive private rooms was the only way.
Bruce couldn’t help but to be amused at that. “I know. My first time was the same too. You’ll get used to it sooner or later. Later than sooner, I assume.” He smirked. “Maybe?” Peter hesitantly slurred. Just then Bruce heard familiar footsteps while Peter was dumbstruck at the sight. Walking towards them was none other than Tony Stark himself in all his glory (In that AC/DC shirt of his again) and a familiar blond man (Peter was sure he had seen him somewhere before) following not close behind.
My brother had that comic book, that Avengers 'Civil wars' comic book version issue #4 , and I read it once, it cool. I'm not going to say what the issue #4 was, that would be way spoiler for those who haven't read it yet.
“Whose did this belong to or where did you get it?” Tony questioned, frantic. “This tape came along with the rest of the SHEILD’s documents and others stuff.” James answered while Tony snorted.
“So you want us to-…what? Go and see if this Spiderman could like join the Avengers?” Tony asked, already getting mistrustful of what Nick Fury wanted them to do; to see if Spiderman was worth enough to work beside them. “Yes. I want you and the rest of the Avengers to see if this Spiderman is worth the effort of making him as one of SHILED agents, or one of the Avengers.” Nick Fury alleged. “You’re saying to let this kid become part of the Young Avengers group like the rest of the teenagers you‘ve found?”
to agree with him. It isn’t safe and don’t think you’re off the hook yet. You, mister, are going to have a long training with either me, or Tony or one of the Avengers. You’ll join us for missions when we think you are ready. Completely ready. So for the meantime-”
Steve frowned at his husband for cutting him off like that but decided to ignore it. “Peter here is very bright for someone around his age. Science is practically his second life, just like you, Tony.” Bruce quirked his eyes, noticing the way Steve look at Peter.  “Oh, don’t worry Steve; Peter is pure and Tony won’t ogle on underage kid.” He jested with a serious expression. Tony barked out a laugh. Peter blushed. Steve glared at the shorter man.
“Of course. So you’re my dear friend’s son huh? I’m Richard Reed, by the way and you are?” He asked friendly. Out of courtesy despite already knowing Peter’s name. Peter smiled at that and chuckled. “It’s funny how you and my dad share the same name. I’m Peter. Peter Benjamin Parker, sir.” He said. He didn’t see the rest of the Avengers’ shock face (Clint was so surprised he banged his head against once again by accident) and their small gasp as he shook hand with Richard Reed, who looked in astonishment but didn’t show it. “A-ah. Nice to meet you Peter. It’s an honor. You do have your father’s smart.” He said.
In a short time, Peter could tell Steve was a strict, going-to-discipline-you-to-death kind of man. He wondered why someone like Tony would tie a knot with someone like Steve. How odd.
“I-I’m sorry. I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you guys sooner. I’m sorry that I-I f-found out you are Iron man and Captain America. I was scared what both of you would d-do if you found out that I was Spiderman. A-And also….I…I know that I…I’m your biological son.” He said with a trembling voice.
-then JARVIS’s British mechanical voice notified him the boy looked somewhat troubled. It caught his attention. Troubled meant a worried Peter, a worried Peter meant a restless Peter; a restless Peter meant his son would strain himself for something that wasn’t even worth of Peter’s time. It was something he would not tolerate. His son needed to be in a positive mood all the time.
Though, he wasn’t allowed to do anything for a long while, not even a simple hangout with his friends because his dads didn’t trust him enough to let him have his short freedom.
“Wait! Are you telling me that you want me to join the Avengers?” He questioned. “It’s your choice, kid.” Nick instilled.
Frustrated and confused, Peter didn’t notice someone was keeping an eye on him - a man with a bow, arrow slung on the quiver as he hid in the dark. He was keeping an eye on Peter (Yes, he still believed Spiderman was Peter) as ordered by Iron Man and Captain America.
When they got there, Peter was speechless. The tower they got into was none other than Tony Stark’s tower. His dad’s tower. Peter was panicking. His mind was wild, thinking lot of stuff.
Group four was inside their van (the one they borrowed from SHIELD, again). They parked just outside one of Peter Parker’s house. They kept an eye on the boy’s movement. It was a good thing that Steve had goaded Peter into giving him his address in case of emergency. Soon they saw Peter, getting out of the house, locking the front door while talking to someone on his cellphone. Just then a car stopped in front of Peter.
“Really? I mean, is it okay to you if I want to design my own room?” Peter asked as Tony nodded his head. “Yeah, you are after all my son now.” Tony said. Peter smiled at that. “Thanks…dad.” Peter said, flashing Tony his sweet smile. It made Tony stomach flip in a happy dance.
Tony in his dazed state, went on drinking, throwing some of the glass wine on the wall before deciding to just sleep it off and hoping everything that had happened was nothing but just a nightmare he could forget. Just some twisted dream or nightmare, nothing more. Steve, on the other hand, spent his whole night in the gym, trying to vent his anger on the punching bag. It only resulted in him breaking the object from the force he frowned upon it, sending the thing knocking on the wall, creating a dent. Steve panted a little as he glared at the now broken, cracked wall.
“Okay, right, I’m sure none of you want to me gossiping about my sob life.” He rolled his eyes at everyone. They snorted at him in return. “The thing is I wanted to apologize to everyone about yesterday… And Reed? No hard feelings, okay? I didn’t mean to snap out like that yesterday…” Tony said as Reed cut him off.
. S.H.I.L.E.D. had assured to assist them look for Peter and bring him back to them. Unfortunately, months passed and they couldn’t find their little Peter. Steve couldn’t get over it. Tony tried his best to be strong for the both of them even though that he was the one who gave birth to him (the pain he felt was tenfold) but failed miserably as he went back to consume alcohol like he used to before the holy matrimony.
“Dude! What is up with you villain trying to get at me?! Do I have a sign of ‘come on and get Spiderman’ look on my face?” he snapped and was getting tired of being the target of every villain he had encountered, which by the way only a few people; the Lizard, Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus.
“Hi?” He said a little shy all of the sudden. “Hi, buddy. Listen. Bruce and these two will be staying the night. I need Bruce and her to stay here and keep the house company for a few days since we’re going to see your aunt. And this is Dicklin Darling. He’s coming with us. He’s one of my elite bodyguards.” Tony clarified.
“So, does this radioactive spider have anything to do with Spiderman? Cause I got a hunch that he might have been bitten by one.” Johnny pointed out his thought.
Peter busied himself with fighting the automatons as he punched and kicked. His spider’s sense was tangling as he looked up behind him, but it was too late when he was punched in the chin, making him lose his balance.
Three days had passed and May still hadn’t opened her eyes. Peter stayed with her through that. The Starks and Clint decided to stay at the nearest, expensive hotel, due to Tony not wanting to stay in a cheap motel.
While Peter is away and having fun going out with his friend? Tony and the rest of the Avengers were busy trying to figure out if Peter is anything related to Steve and Tony, only to be shocked to know the true that Peter Parker was their long lost son that they been looking for those years ago.
“Well, sorry Clint but I need someone to at least keep an eye on Peter Parker’s every move from going to school and to where he hangs out with his friends. I find that job suits your group! Now for group five, you’ll be getting some evidence at SHIELD about Peter Parker or his parents’ profiles background. If SHIELD has any of it, if not then group five can join with group three. Oh and if Nick Fury asks about anything if we have news about Spiderman? Tell him that we are still working on, got it? Good! So that’s it, and let’s move it people. We’re going to start doing this plan starting right now!” Tony said.
Peter held his scream, his jaws trembled, crying silently in the room where once, was occupied with two heartbeats.
Tony was somewhere else. He went towards Steve and led his arms on the cooking table as he watched Steve cook their meal.
A hand on his shoulder snapped him from his thought. He glanced at Mathew. “Something’s on your, Frank?” Mathew asked. Frank raised a brow at his lover, shaking his head. “No, just thinking. There’s no need to bother about it.” They were lovers, yes, but they never exchanged fluffy nicknames, no teases or poking at each other for fun. They were not like most pairs yet they were still happy with being just
Peter cursed under his breath, “I…fine! I’ll join your stupid boy band. You don’t leave me a choice.” Peter huffed. Nick gave the kid a victory smirk.
They spent almost an hour exchanging questions and answers and Bruce noticed how a pink flush made its way to Peter’s cheeks when the name Gwen Stacy entered their conversation. Teenage crush, I presume. He fixed his glasses, letting the boy talk in his own pace. It wasn’t like Bruce was going anywhere and the boy was bright in his own way it made things even more interesting. It was a bonus.
“Aww, don’t start to turn gay on my hot ass-ing, charming, bulk, good, golden boy of a husband, Steve-fucking-Rogers-Stark now, Reed! Yeah I know he’s hot as in hot like a famous model--No make that ten million times hotter than a model. He’s freaking Captain America for crying out loud! But your wife would be not happy if you turn all lovely and gay-ish towards our dear-ol’ Captain America. I might also remind you that said hot gay man is also my husband.” Tony snorted
Wolverine snorted. Soft hearted people. They irritated the crap out of him. “Seriously? This kid practically screams I’m Spiderman! Your friendly neighborhood hero. The kid is cocky, smartarse, know-it-all and like we all can tell, he has a huge ego just like Tony! Heck, the boy is mini Tony.” Clint flailed his arms around, making weird faces as he explained it to everyone.
Tony wasn’t any help since he just laughed the moment Steve said it. “Peter! H-He actually just did that?”
“This thing is your armor suit’s remote. Whenever you need it, just press this button here and your suit will come and get you and you can get inside it, like how I do with my own suit. But, like I said a while ago. The spider armor suit is used only for-”Tony said but was cut off as Peter said.
“It’s too early to tell, Tony. You can’t possibly extricate everything from something like this. None of us have properly met him other than the Avengers themselves. Consequently, we cannot decide this point yet. Moreover, you see him as Spiderman. All I see is a kid mix of you and good Captain here. Other than that, none of these materials are helping or can be used against him. For now, the kid is untouchable.”
At that statement Peter’s eyes darkened. Then, then it meant he was never unwanted. He was taken away against his parents’ will.
“Okay group two will be the one doing a research. Anything you can find regarding Mr. and Mrs. Parker. For group three, the girls will be the ones to go around each neighborhood to where Peter Parker lives and ask them about anything that has to do with the Parker’s family background. Group four’s duty is to babysitting Peter—“
“Gwen’s already texted me and told me that she wanted us to meet them both at Starbucks.” Harry said as he added, “So I told her that I would go and be the one to pick you up.” Harry said.
Peter listened. “But your pops and I are still going to talk about what to do with you being Spiderman and stuff. And we think that you too should know the truth as well. Steve and I…also knew that you are our son all this time. Ever since Reed explained to us about Mary Parker’s condition.”
The serum was supposed to replace Peter’s former deteriorating condition into something extraordinary and strong, giving him the healthy body with a strong immune system.
Peter groaned. “S-So t-that means that t-they know I am Spiderman now?” He asked. Bruce sighed, nodding his head.
He stared wide eye at the sight in front of him. It was a nursery room Tony and Steve had made those years ago when they found out they were going to be parents. “I-I…wha?” Peter blinked. Tony took a deep breath. “Technically, this was supposed to be mine and Steve’s real son room. We built this room for him. We were excited you know? We looked forward to it. To the day that our little boy would come home after he was born…only to be…” Tony stopped at that.
Tony frowned. “Well, It’s this or I’m giving you a pink wig.” he calmly countered. Clint frowned at the hat then at Tony before sighing, finally giving in. “I hate you, you know that?” Clint snatched the cap and the shade, putting them on. Natasha smirked at him
“Natasha, Bruce, I want you two to stay a few days here at the tower and make sure everything is safe and sound. You know, keep Jarvis company, while I’m away. He gets lonely without me.” Tony wiggled his brows.
“Fourteen. Why?” Peter slurred in confusion. The doctor wavered. He didn’t want to break the news to the kid about his aunt’s condition, especially since May’s health had gotten worse than he had expected it to be. Yesterday she was doing fine; as fine as she could be in coma, but now her health suddenly plummeted down.
“What about, aunt May?” She was using her ‘gentle’ tone and Peter knew it too well she was about to say something he wouldn’t prefer to hear.
Peter eep-ed as he was dragged towards the other side of the huge and wide table where the Young Avengers sat. Nova placed him on one of the empty seats.
“Nick! What the heck are you think you’re doing?! I thought you wanted us to be the one to capture and make Spiderman join the Avengers? You left that to us to handle it! Now what made you change your mind?!” Tony screamed. Nick wasn’t affected by his demands and screams. He simply uttered.
Steve went back to the lab and saw Tony, looking up the moment the elevator door dinged open and smiled up at him. “Well? How is he?” Tony hastily questioned. “He went to take a bath. I warned him to not go in the main lab since you are busy at the moment doing whatever project you are doing with your friends.”
“Oh...” Stacy said in a small voice before saying. “I…Peter doesn’t have anything to do with this. He’s not even involved. They might think that since he always gets himself in trouble but really he doesn’t even know that I met with Spiderman. He’s one of my classmates that I felt sorry for and helped since he’s always getting picked. After that we become friends. Really he wasn’t involved with anything at all. He was at home when that whole Lizard thing happened. He told me that he was studying at that time.” She said.
He walked down the hallway, all the way through the stairs and went to the kitchen to get a glass of milk and some cookies. After he was done, Peter headed back to his room, lying down on the bed, thinking for a bit, wondering if aunty May was going to be okay. He hoped and prayed she wasn’t in a terminal condition.
Henry Pym found a few recorded videos and handed it to James to examine it, while Richard and he along with Beast and Bruce left to survey the serum and the blood sample labeled as PBRS. James who was testing and checking the video tape began to play it.
“Well, go on. Try one of them. But the armor suit? I want you to use it only for emergency, am I clear, Peter?” He said. The boy nodded in understatement.
After everything was settled, the Avengers were done solving everything, well not everything, but they did do their best. Tony shoo-ed everybody (in a polite, Stark’s way. Logan was throwing a murderous glare at him) out of the tower after they were finished expect for Clint, Bruce, Natasha, and Steve.
