After pulling away, James doesn't wait a second before pulling Tony in for a kiss. It isn't as wet as the kiss with Steve was, but it's just as passionate. It's a slow kiss as it seems like Bucky is making up for lost time. He's exploring every inch of Tony's mouth with his tongue, and he's doing it with complete dominance. His hand travels under Tony's shirt, caress his soft skin, and Tony can't help but moan.
. That was the nicest thing she could say, granted that could be the lack of sleep talking. With the lack of rest and her mind running million miles per second, everything felt so much worse, and it was putting her on edge.
"It's already forgotten." She said, putting on a smile. "But know this. If I see one more mark on Toni—I don't care how small-, I'll kill you myself." With the smile still on her face, her glare was off putting. It made him uneasy.
For a second, Toni didn't want to tell him that she had spare clothes for him in her dresser. She wanted to watch him, to stare at him and his well-defined abs. Seriously, it should be illegal for him to look like that, because damn, the things she could…. Toni shook her head, because she wouldn't finish that thought. Not now. He had already gotten her to her, when he undressed her. She never thought she could be so damn turned on just by someone changing her wet clothes.
on her shoulders, and anyone who knew Toni could see this. She never knew when to stop, never knew when it was too much, which would be her down fall, and Steve knew this. She also carried everything on her back, blaming herself for everything-though Steve had that issue at times. Some could say that Toni and he had a lot in common, but he knew when to call for help…Toni did not.
Sam glanced at Toni before adding, "Fifty-eighth, Para-rescue. But now I'm working down at the VA." He cracked his hands before adding, "Sam Wilson."
Shaking her head, she turned her attention to Steve, because she would 'jump' Barnes if he kept smiling at her like that. "Are you okay, Steve?" she asked as she crossed to him. "What's with you and picking fights?" she asked, annoyed at the Shrimp Captain. He had yelled at her for picking fights, but yet, he was doing it himself.
As Toni loved porches liking to lay out in the sun, they were required for everyplace she lived. Feeling the sun beat against her delicate skin and the wind gently blowing through her long dark wavy hair was the best feeling. She could lay out for hours (well with sun block and a nice cold drink). Sometimes she would sleep or read a magazine or book.
Looking up from her phone, Natasha meet his glance. Her expression was serious. "Steve, I got a bogey. Short-range ballistic. Thirty seconds, tops."
"NO!" The Agent replied in a playful note. "I need my pretties!"
"Yes, you are. You're a Stark, and I can see it. There's a fire in your eyes that no one can deny," he replied.
He leaned down on the table, right next to Toni. "I'm wondering why Phillips wants you to complete it and why you're willing to do it. Is that why he let you out of that cell?" Howard wasn't stupid and given enough time, he could figure it out, even if he didn't believe it at first.
he was dead, she would have thought it was him.
"I hope you can hold your liquor," Gabe stated as he took a slip of his drink.
Natasha's eyes scanned through the codes on the monitor in front of her, looking for some kind of the hack. Even if she wasn't a computer expect, it only took her a few seconds to find the cause. "We're being hacked," she replied, coldly. "I'm looking for the hacker now."
handle it. She didn't know how to handle the emotions, which was why her guilt over Bucky's death was eating her alive. It was why she was seeing him everywhere, though that could be the lack of sleep. It was no secret that sleep deprivation had a few side effects, and seeing things was one of those things. So seeing Bucky everywhere was nothing, which was what Toni told herself daily. That was what she always told herself, because she didn't know what to do. She didn't know how to process anything that didn't involve numbers and complicated equations.
Pepper's eyes widened, because she couldn't believe that she forgot to ask. Of course, JARVIS would know where Toni was. "JARVIS, do you know where Toni is?"
Toni glanced at Steve from the corner of her eyes before she turned fully back to Banner. "You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?"
"Yes, it's me," the voice stated as he pulled Barnes into a sitting position. "Let's go."
It was already dark out, like it always was when she got off work. She hated that. Right now, she really missed Happy as he would never allow her to walk alone in the dark. At first, she loathed how protective he was, but now, she missed it. She also missed her Iron Man Suit. O' God, she missed the suit, as she didn't remember how she lasted without it.
She felt him laugh before she heard it. "See, I'm not that bad," he said as he turned from the window toward the door.
*O*O*
Phillips let out a sigh. "Between Rogers and Carter and you and Barnes, I feel left out."
"Whatever, Rogers. Think what you want. I don't have time for this," she said, as she grabbed at something hanging from her neck.
"I kicked him out."
Toni's eyes widened as she took in the woman in front of her. "Sharon?" she uttered as her heart started to come down, returning to normal levels. "Sharon Carter." With the woman in front of her, Barnes became almost a distance memory. Questions started to form in her head.
Punch.
Natasha and Clint were a few feet behind the Captain, letting him take the lead, and they allowed the distance to grow between them as he raced into the house. They were letting him be the first into the house, the first to reach her. Though no one had seen the brunette yet, everyone knew it had to be Steve to find her first, as he would be the only one who would be able to talk her down. She didn't listen well to others—not that he listened well to him.
But hey! She wasn't crazy! That man had to be real, right? He gave her a water bottle.
"I know your mother didn't rise you like that," Toni said, giving the man a once over. She spotted two guns on him—one on his hip and the another in his boot-, and knowing he was a part of the Strike force, those probably weren't his only weapons. As a soldier, he probably had a few more guns and knives hidden away on his person somewhere. And he could probably use any of those to take her out at any moment. Without her suit, he could kill her easily, but that didn't mean she was going to lay down and die. Though, if he was going to kill her, why was she still alive? Wouldn't he have killed her already and save himself the trouble? Why subject himself to her mouth when he didn't have to? He had to be taking her somewhere for some sick purpose , right?
Jim narrowed his eyes at the genius. There was something dangerous behind those eyes that Toni couldn't read. "There have been nine bombings. The public only knows about three." He paused for a second, hesitating for a second. "Here's the thing, nobody can ID a device. There's no bomb casings," he said, slowly.
*O*O*
He's glaring at the monitor as Barnes steps forward and covers him with the blanket. His hands balls at his side as the former Assassin tucks him in like he's a child. He hates the way that the soldiers look at his sleeping form before turning to each other. He hates how they reach for each other before they turn back to him. He detests the words that come out of Barnes' mouth. "Gotta take of our fella."
Toni didn't like that he knew that. He shouldn't know that. Barnes turned to her and brushed her hair out of her face. She didn't like that he thought that was acceptable.
"Toni… Please… Don't leave me."
The Genius from the future wanted to tell him that he was wrong on both. Rogers wasn't dead, just frozen, but that paralyzed her, and she flashed back to her dream. Had her dream been true? Did Steve hate their time? Did he not want to live in that time? Should she tell Howard…and Peggy that he was alive? That would make everyone in this time happy, and it would make Steve happy as he wouldn't have to suffer in her time and deal with her more than he had to.
Sam let out a chuckle. "I guess I deserve that."
"Sssttteeevvveee," she uttered, dragging out his name. "The food! It's not practical." She could feel a tinkle raise up her back, and she just arched into him. "Oh, God." One of his hands found its way into her pants and things started to blend.
Toni was snapped out of her thoughts by a hand on her shoulder. "Peachy," she replied as she glanced at her Father, who was staring at her. She wasn't in the mood to speak, but she was quite proud at herself for not flinching. "How are you, Mr. Stark? Not too tired from those late nights?" she asked with a smirk that was her façade.
After unlocking the door, Roger pushed the door open and walked in. Toni followed in after him and shocked at the state of apartment. "This is…nice." She wasn't expecting this from Rogers.
"I love you two," he says as they make it to their room. Seeing them smile makes him the happiness guy ever, and who the hell cares if he is missing Movie night for another week. Heck, if he really cares, the three of them can watch a movie from their bed. He has all that he needs with these two, and he has all the excitement that he can ever want staring back at him. "I love you," he repeats, unable to stop himself from repeating those words over and over again, even when he can't even think.
Hey All.
"Such a mouth on you," she uttered annoyed. "I wonder why no one killed you sooner."
"I disagree," Peggy interjected. "Some of man are. And besides, aren't you calling the pot black, Howard, with the number of sexual partner that you had?"
"You're sappy."
Interrupting, Howard gave Peggy and Toni a look. "I think you plan to turn my child into another you, Peg."
She was the only thing he needed, wanted. If he had her, he would behave. He would listen. Would do whatever his handlers told him to do. If he had her, everything would be alright. He would be alright. So why couldn't he? Why did
"We just need to stick together." Steve smiled as he wrapped his arm around her, pulling her tight. "I also need to do a better job of reminding you of the person you are. A beautiful woman with a big heart. The fact that you feel guilty about Bucky, just shows the kind of person you are."
He isn't a teenager for crying out loud. He can control himself. "Agreed," he says. His voice creaks, but he hopes no one hears it.
She jumped at a hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay?" Howard asked as he kneed down in front of Toni. "I have one of the techs getting a doctor. Let me see your hand."
"We don't have a good enough relationship for you to walk me back to the tent and stay," Toni answered as she closed her eyes. Her body was heavy on her; she hadn't gotten much sleep since she was rescued. Her nightmares had been worse than ever, and she didn't know how to handle them. Usually, she had sleeping pills or alcohol, but she had no access to them now.
Toni stared at herself in the mirror of the lady's room as Steve went to find them seats for the movie. She couldn't believe that she had slipped up. Taking a deep breath, she tried to shaking the feelings of utter failure. How could she be that stupid? If she didn't wise up, she was going out herself, which she couldn't have. After splashing water on her face, she walked out of the lady room and toward the theatre auditorium.
Steve laughed, reaching for the towel to dry Toni's legs, which glistened under the bright lights. He started from the bottom of her legs, as he wiped her legs dry. He was careful around the ankle, pressing as softly as she could, and once it was dried, he eyed it, pondering how badly she had hurt herself. He may have some medical training as did most soldiers, but he had no idea of how to check an ankle to see if it was broken. He would have Bruce check in the morning.
Steve held back his frown at the dark mark on her face that he hadn't notice before. Did someone hit her? Or one of her inventions? "Hop to what?" he asked, eyeing her.
Toni's legs were burning, aching, but she refused to stop. She had to find this man, though she
"I think that would have been worse." It really would have. Steve wouldn't wish that curse on anyone. He couldn't imagine the damage that would do on a person's psyche.
The Captain wasn't lying as Barnes comes flying down into his lab with the plate of food in his hands. If the look could kill, the genius would be dead as this man is angry. His whole body is shaking. "Tony."
"His food," Natasha says with a smile that says it all. "Barnes doesn't share."
The footage had a time stamp on it, and that time stamp was correct. Bruce had watched it in real time, and he could tell the stamp was correct. So why was Toni messing with clock? He studied each time she changed it. It was always after the wave. What did that mean? Why did she think the time was behind?
, or do I get corrupt your innocence. If so, you won't know what hit you."
For a few long seconds, Toni just stared at him with her month hanging open. Without meaning to, her hands went to the tags and gripped them tight. The cold metal cut into her hands, but she didn't let go. She was holding on for dear life in the hope of hiding the tears from Rogers. How did he know? The only person who knew was Bruce, but why would he tell the Captain? "I don't know what you're talking about."
Toni wasn't in the mood to deal with his flirting. "What is it, Barnes?" she asked, not having the energy to fight.
wrong. She knew she
Toni smiled when her tent came into view as it was her escape, but it didn't last as she spotted a certain someone laying on her cot reading a journal that she had been keeping. "What are you doing here?" she hissed as she made sure the flaps to the tent were closed. She didn't want anyone to come in and see a god on her cot; that would be hard to explain.
Sitting back down, Steve took a deep breath again. "I should've told you."
While one hand held up the towel, the other traced the dim arc reactor. She was tempted to take it out and fix it, but she didn't have the right tools and she wasn't in the right location. She didn't need to faint while naked. That would be a very awkward, because at this time, her father would be the only hope that she had if the reactor failed, and she didn't want her father to see her naked, especially when he didn't know she was his daughter. Knowing her father, he would flirt and that would be…
"Steve's the dog in this relationship!" Clint yelled, earning a glare from everyone in the room. "What? He is. He follows her around like a lost puppy."
"Dame?" she smiled. She didn't think she was ever referred to that before in her life. "I'm dame. Interesting."
*O*O*
"A little."
"I don't have a death wish," Sam utters with a scared smile on his face. "Barnes has a knife and he isn't afraid to use it."
Fury followed his glance. "I understand you're going through a lot right now, Rogers, and I can't imagine what' running through your head," he stated. "If you need a mission to get you back into things, I can-"
"Mute," She replied, not interested in listening to JARVIS. Sometimes—No, most of the time, her AI seemed to develop a parenting tone, and Toni had no idea of where he gained it from, as she didn't program him that way. "I'm going to the lab." If she wasn't able to sleep, she might as well get some work done. She had to work on the Mark 42.
"That goes to my second theory, you see?" he said.
"Want to crawl into bed with Stark, don't ya?" Clint teased, lifting himself up by his elbow. "A nice warm bed with a petite, sometime cold genius?"
"Why is that? Because I'm a woman?" she asked, annoyed that he wouldn't let her do what she needed to do. Couldn't he understand that she couldn't risk anyone else's life? Couldn't he understand that she couldn't take anymore guilt on her conscious?
With the knife still in her hand, she stepped back to the Colonel. "And you want me to confirm it, Salty?" Toni asked as the blade danced in her hand.
man have to touch her? Why did that man have to have her? He wasn't sure, but soon, he wouldn't be able to recall anything. Soon, he would forgot that woman all over again. Soon, he wouldn't have to worry about that man taking her from him as he wouldn't remember anything.
With a deep sigh, Toni thought about Barnes, and she could only imagine what it would've been to have been there. To have seen the fear in his eyes when he knew his death was upon him. That thought alone gave her nightmares, and every now, Maya's death brought up these heartbreaking emotions, creating pictures of Bucky's death in her head. One hand balled at her side, while the other yanked the power cord out of the arc reactor. "We have job to do."
allow it."
He let out a loud laugh. "Your father? Can't come up with a better cover? Yes, you look a lot like Stark. I give you credit, but he's a little too young to be your father, don't you think? You could've said sister. That would've been more believable." He stepped toward her. "If you aren't going to truthful, I can just take you to your cell." He grabbed her arm again.
"Nope. Now stop playing and let me out," she replied, fighting her fatigue. She felt like she had been punched and crushed by the Hulk.
She didn't care for his voice. Seriously, what the hell happened to make him such an asshole?
He looked at her. "A plan for me?"
"Rumlow," his handler called. There was a warning in his voice.
"What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?" was her reply.
" she asked, popping a few corns into her mouth.
"Okay, first things first, I need the armor. Where are we at with it?" Toni asked, wishing she had the AI at her side at this second. It made her skin itch being unable to connect to JARVIS.
Howard appeared to be in his early twenties, but Toni couldn't guess his age without knowing the year. It had to be before 1943 as Steve Rogers wasn't Captain America yet. Her mind wandered to Rogers, who she would love to meet before serum. What would he be like? Would he still be a chauvinist ass? Okay, she knew he wasn't a total ass; he was a standup guy. And she knew he had been before the serum because Dr. Erskine wouldn't have picked him if he wasn't. Captain America couldn't be anything but great.
Before Pepper could reply, the door to the helipad burst opened, and a very angry Rhodes stomped in. Without him even speaking, Pepper knew the man was fuming, as his eyes were anything but friendly. The CEO wasn't sure why he was so angry, but the man looked like he had been through hell. Though he was covered in mud from head to toe, she could see that he was lined with scratches.
Killian's smile was as large as his face. "No, I'm a visionary. But…I do own a maniac, and he takes the stage tonight." He counters. "And I like loyalty in my employees."
"You really don't like him, do you?"
"And after that, he offered me a job," Toni smiled.
"I'm sure that Bruce had given you a talking to and James will be giving you one soon, but if you hurt her, I'll dump you where no one can find you. I'll leave you alive but alone with nothing. Nothing. I'll leave to suffer in some desert with no chances of getting back. You got that, Captain?" she asked, calmly. Her voice was calm, which made her threat all the more deadly.
*O*O*
"I am glad to see you are back," the AI replied.
"I have to find her," he spoke quickly as he crossed to his coat that she left on the couch. "What was she thinking?" He paused as he felt himself get angry. "She wasn't." He was getting angrier at her with each passing second. "Didn't she think we would worry about her?"
Steve couldn't take her rambling anymore and closed the distance between them. Before she could realize what he was about to, he captured her lips with his. He could hear her mumble against his lips as he wrapped his arms around her, trapping her. Even with his arms wrapped around her, it took the genius a few seconds to settle down in arms and relax against him. However, once she did, she kissed him back with everything that she had. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she fought the urge to wrap her legs around his waist. All she wanted to do was climb him like a tree.
Rhodey wasn't far behind as he rushed across the room. "Tones."
The gray box suddenly felt heavy in her hands. "I'm sorry, Peg."
Time Travel had been anything but fun, causing only trouble. Her memories were the biggest mess, which at first she didn't notice; however, the more she thought back, the more she remembered. These memories—if they were memories. More like flashes- weren't clear. It was a fog with her conflicting memories, though most of the early memories of her father and their time together were clear. It was the later memories that seemed to blur and change. Toni knew it was her fault for changing history, but she refused to take total blame for that. She blamed that on Damn Loki as well. If she really thought about it, it was totally his fault.
Even though she couldn't see his face, Pepper could tell this man was quite the looker. "I wouldn't say that much," she said, loudly. "But close enough." As her voice echoed across the room, the whole room turn to her, besides the elderly man with a cane. He was still smiling as he looked at her.
The last time he saw Toni (besides the fight in the Lab on the day she disappeared) was when he saved her from the Red Skull. His memories had cleared from that time, and he could no longer remember it without Toni. It was like she had always been there, and he didn't give it another thought of her not being there. However, the only thing he could think about was Toni being tied to a chair as Schmidt stood over her with a torture device in his hand. It was the last time he had seen her, and it killed him that he refused to talk to her when he went down. He hated to think what she thought of him.
"Toni, what are you doing?"
JARVIS didn't answer right away, taking a few seconds. "In keeping with DC, I much prefer Georgetown."
He let out a laugh. "You're such a fire Rocket."
Steve smiled. "Bucky's family was better off than Ma and I were," he said, his accent breaking through. "Growing up, he was the popular kid, getting everything. All the girls. All the friends. He had a future, and I'm ashamed to say I was jealous of him, as he was getting everything that I thought I could never get. It was stupid. I knew it, but I couldn't help it." He smiled softly as he took a deep breath. "Buck was a good friend through it all, and I was jealous of him."
He thought franticly as he tried to look for her. He didn't have the time to look as the rafters shock, almost shaking his legs out from underneath him again. The building was about fall.
Steve suddenly felt himself drowning in fear as a realization was fighting forward. It was just on the edge, ready to break through. Was this really happening? "HYDRA died with the Red Skull," he protested.
Fighting back the panic, she tried to logically and calmly think where it could possibly be. It had to be somewhere, right? Someone didn't just take it, right? Maybe, she could speak to that Lawyer. He could know where the photo was. If he didn't know, Toni didn't know what she would do. Sure, it was just a picture, but it was one of the few photos of her father and her. Plus, it was a one of a kind photo of her father and she in the past.
The Captain released her arm but he didn't move back from her. "I want to talk about what happen between us. It-"
There was that voice again, calling her name if that was her name.
Barnes' hands ball at his side as Steve takes a shaky step forward. "W-what?" Rogers shutters. "You don't mean that."
Toni thought to herself. She was okay with that, because she didn't want to befriend anyone, though it was already too late. She had already befriended Steve- no Rogers. As he was the Captain now, he was Rogers again to her. She had also befriended Barnes, but that was a lie as he had betrayed her to Salty. That still blew her mind.
"Ew. Get a room!" Clint cried as he hid his eyes with the present. "Far from here, please." Natasha, on the other hand, picked up a pillow and threw it at them, aiming for their faces.
She let out a chuckle. "I am no fool. I know they are watching. I won't say anything until I know for sure we're alone," Toni said as she leaned forward on the table.
"You know why we are here, Senator," Rumlow said, his fingertips dancing along the gun on his hip.
"Captain Rogers," JARVIS started, "there would be no point as she is not located in the lab, and it is impossible for me to go against Miss. Stark's protocol."
she do? She couldn't work at Stark with her Father, thought it would be funny to see mini her when she was born.
Jones stepped forward, smiling as well. "Knowing Steve, he'll find her and bring her back."
"Why d-" Just as Toni opened her month to turn him down again, the door to the oddly shape room flew open, silencing her. In came Skully and a few of his soldiers, and Loki disappeared as if he was never there. If she hadn't heard the Stalker say Loki's name, she would have thought she was imaging the fake god the whole time.
"You must miss the good old days, huh?"
Her heart was racing and she wondered for a second of she was going to have a heart attack. "Want?" But the thought of choosing scared her.
"Well, if he could do that, he could achieve Heavy Ion Fusion at any reactor on the planet," Banner said.
"Why don't you listen to Agent Carter?"
"That does seem to be the case here."
"Help," she yelled, as her body gave out. She fell hard against the ground again, and this time, she didn't try to get up. She was giving up, and she was okay with it for the first time in her life. She had given up before, but that was different. Now, she was done. She was done trying and she was okay with that.
Dugan let out a chuckle. "I think if you ended up with Trip, Gabe would go crazy."
Toni gave him a look. "I am, Rogers. You're just too dim to see it." Shaking her head, she turned from him toward the door. "I don't have time for this."
With his head tilted, he lowered himself down to her level and looked at her with interested—though that could be all in Toni's head as his face was behind a mask- look. "Your suit is a hindrance," he said—English this time. His voice sounded different, sounding like a different person. It also sounded worn and dry, making his sound like an old man who hadn't spoken in a while. The Russian had hidden it.
"I want to know."
Exhaling, Toni continued her walk back to the apartment, but she didn't make it too far, hearing something. "What is that?" she asked herself, as she turned in the direction of the noise. It sounded like a fight, and she knew what a fight sounded like as she had been in a lot herself. Against her better judgment, she headed toward the sound. Her heart stopped when she arrived at the location of the sound…It was an alley. "Stop being a chicken," she yelled herself.
Toni shot up almost instantly, trying to get out of the bed, but Howard wouldn't let her. He held her tight, even with her intense glare. "Let go," she screamed angrily. She had no interest in being sedated, it terrified her. The inability to wake up scared her, especially with her nightmares. She didn't know what she would do if she couldn't wake from them. "I don't want to be sedated. I can't be.
Toni's eye twitched tired of being lectured, but she guessed that Sassy Pants was right. That man was going to hurt her. "You can let me go," she stated as she yanked her arm away. "I can walk myself."
"How are you?" He looked uncomfortable, asking her. "I see your injures are healing nicely and you got your annoying personally back." He leaned back in his chair and eyed her.
Captain America know?"
The genius groaned loud, as the chair pinched her legs, pinning her. "Fuck me," she cursed, as she tried to kick the heavy chair off her, though she couldn't get the chair to move an inch. With a deep sigh, Toni glanced at the window, still trying to get the chair off her legs. Her eyes scanned the area outside the office window, though there wasn't much she could look at. Her office was good for people watching, which was what she did for a few seconds, as she was still trapped under the chair. Though in those few seconds, she cursed those idiots, who weren't trapped—though she had no one to blame besides herself. However, she refused to blame herself. She, Toni Stark, was never at fault…
Toni didn't look out as she let out a deep sigh. "He asked. I didn't give him an answer." Why was she telling Sharon this? She hadn't really talked about this with anyone. She had mentioned it to Jim, telling him that she hadn't given Rogers an answer. She wasn't sure what Rhodey was thinking, but he told her to take her time. To think about it. And if Steve pushed or pressured her, he didn't deserve her. Pepper, on the other hand, didn't know anything at all. Toni didn't really want to talk about it with her—too worried what she might say.
For a few seconds, Steve was silent as he gawked. "What?" His response only made Bruce and Natasha laugh harder.
Phillips glared back. "That would be a nightmare." She was glaring at him with such an intensity. "Okay, Okay, relax. You're sensitive."
"You know that girl I found in that lot. This is her," he answered.
Pepper let out a sigh as she turned to Rhodes. To her surprise, he hadn't entered the room alone, but to her dismay, it wasn't with a certain Brunette. "I thought you were looking for Toni," she said, her tone was anything but warm.
"Just hear me out." Killian didn't take no for an answer as he sets the three metal balls on the glass table and let them roll. "Regard the human brain," he said with a smile, as a hologram of the human brain appeared. He didn't give Toni a chance to respond as he continued on a second later. "Strangely mimetic though, wouldn't you say?"
heart. As he was going down, there was only one person he wanted to talk to and it wasn't Peggy. His heart ached to talk to Toni but he couldn't and he knew it. It was the worst feeling in the world and at the last second before he hit the ice, he wondered if he had made the right choice in not pursuing her.
"Tell me what I did… or what my company did." He was clearly annoyed. "We don't have time for your hatred."
Closing herself off, she couldn't make out what was going on around her, though she couldn't find it in herself to care. She needed to get away before she completely broke down in her panic attack. Her heartbeat was beating rapidly, feeling like it could pop out of her chest at any second. It felt like it was a million degree in the room as she hopped to the door as quickly as she could. She tried her best to ignore the growing fear in her body as she reached the door, and it took everything she had to open it and step outside.
Turning away from her, Steve let out a small groan. "What is it with you and trying to get me a dame?" he asked.
He eyed the man for a second before he wiped the bloody knife on the pant leg of the dead man. This man's blood was everywhere, almost covering every inch that it could, but there were a few bare spots on his dismembered legs unlike the rest of the body. The upper half of his body was covered in blood as it laid in a puddle of its body fluid. The asset's own uniform was covered in blood, but he didn't give it much thought. Being covered in blood was normal for him; killing was normal to him. Seeing this body in this form was normal for him, though this time was different.
Steve's smile grew as he closed the distance between them. He softly cupped her face as he kissed her. It was a soft, quick, but it was filled with love. "Oh, you love it."
Toni reached down for the device and checked the downloading process. She had lied to Barnes (and even herself) before and said it was downloading faster than it was. It was taking longer than she expected which was a testament to the strength of the system. "Bitch," she cursed when she laid the device back and glanced at the monitors. There were a heavy armed team of Hydra soldiers heading right toward her, and she knew she would not be able to hold them off. This could be the end for her, but she refused to let that ruin the mission.
Steve stopped laughing and stared at her. "There isn't anything going on with Peggy."
In the time it took for her to turn her back for her 'weapon,' Barnes was gone like he was never there. He vanished into thin air…like a…ghost…Oh, god. She was going crazy. She was completely and totally insane, and that petrified her. Granted, she couldn't really think with her heart beating like a race horse on drugs. With the pounding in her ear, she couldn't make head or tails out of anything. Trying—
Steve was about to respond when Phillips pushed back the flap on the tent and stepped out. "He might not be able to, but I can, Sark."
Not wanting to wait on the stairwell, Bucky continued down to the lobby. The building was quiet for the most part except for a few wild men, who were drinking far too much. "They must be going off to the war," he muttered as he walked pass the open door. They were wearing military uniforms, which was what attracted the women (who were losing article of clothes with each passing moment) to them. He had the desired to close the door but he fought it as he didn't want to be noticed by them. That was a fight he didn't want.
Again, she was alone and this time she wondered how long it would be this time. She didn't know how much longer she would last in this painful cold room.
"It wasn't a choice," Toni muttered. Though she was thankful to the device which saved her life, the device had caused her so much pain. It had almost killed her. He stared into her eyes and she knew he could see the pain in her eyes. "Without it, I will die," she muttered again.
"O', I know." She paused. "And I'm not a Fire Rocket." She still had no idea of why this solder would call her that. She was a hot head, but she wasn't sure she would call herself a fire rocket.
"Why do you want to know?" she asked, her tone colder than her surroundings.
"Ha ha, so funny," he replied, mockingly. "I'm going to make it up to you. I'm going to be there for you, for all of your milestones." His tone changed, turning soft.
"You don't want to do something else?" she asked. She was so up to playing wingman. "We can always go out."
Toni rested her head against his. "I love you."
The chair squealed as it wobbled on its back legs, and Toni thought it would break underneath her. "Me shut my mouth? But it's so pretty," she said, knowing that she should just shut her mouth. Every fiber in her body was telling her to shut up, but she was afraid to be quiet. She didn't know what he would do if she was.
"Oh, look who we have here. Didn't your mother tell you shouldn't go out alone in the dark?" A voice called out.
Toni took the glass with shaky hands and took a drink. "Thanks," she muttered at taking a few slips. "What happened?" she asked, her voice barely audible.
The Captain was laughing again—not that he had stopped. "And they call you a genius?" he taunted. "Didn't they teach you in school where babies come from?"
Barnes couldn't take his eyes off the fight between Schmidt and Steve, who seemed to be losing this fight. It was shocking to Barnes because he didn't think it was possible for Steve with his new strength to lose. If Steve did lose, he had no idea of how he would get out or save Toni.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm right here," Steve said, waving his hand. "And what do you mean when you stated he didn't make contact."
Natasha could see that as well. Her eyes were narrowing at him, trying to read him. "Clint."
Steve felt his eye twitch as even now she throwing shots at him; however, this was one of the reasons why she was Toni. One of the reasons why he loved her. "Hey, my lectures are well deserved."
She was a fast walker and Barnes had to run to catch up with her. "So, you remember now?" he asked.
*O*O*
Pepper, who was the slowest of the four, was the first to arrive as the other had allowed her to. They weren't going to fight her mothering instinct, and she was the only one who truly understood what was going on. "Shit," she cursed as the lab doors came into view. The painted glass doors had been replaced.
With her heart skipping and guilt growing, she was losing the fight. Feeling overwhelmed, her guilt overtook her, forcing her to relive his death.
"Yes, we can," he said, placing a kiss to her head.
There was this feeling bubbling in her chest, a mixture of everything that she was feeling. It was hard to think straight, and all she wanted to do was jump into this man's arms and bury herself in his chest. She was tired of this war within herself. She was tired of all this fighting. She just wanted to rest. "Dad," she uttered, her heart breaking.
Toni's mind froze on the word 'home' as images of home falling apart flashed her before he eyes. Did she have a home? Yes, she had the tower, but this was her everything. It was the beginning of new life, where Iron Man was created—not counting the cave. It was where she was reborn and became Iron Man, and now, this magically place was gone. It was where she was going to have…It was then that she remembered the large fat Christmas tree that Steve had dragged in the day before. She could still smell the pine needles that littered the ground. "The tree…"
"Ready the suit."
She asked herself as she leaned closer to him, into his touch. She didn't know what this meant, but she wanted something close to this.
"Somebody murdered my friend and I'm gonna find out why. Anyone gets in my way, they're gonna regret it. Anyone."
Toni glanced at her before turning to the glass filled with water. The very thought of water freaked out and she could barely look at it, without feeling sick. "I got to go," she stated as her heart beat started to race. She stood quickly.
"Then let's get going."
Keeping her head down, she walked down a different hallway. How many hallways are there? She had to find the way out soon or she would be in trouble. Even if she found the away out, there was no real way to know if she would be able to walk out the door. As she rounded another corner, big glass doors came into view, but Toni didn't have time to cheer as a blazing alarm sounded.
Steve glanced back. "No time to be childish," he stated.
"Yay," she cheered as she gave him a jumping hug. She wrapped her arms round him and buried her face in his uniform. She didn't care about her no hugging rule, and she didn't care that she was hugging the Captain, who was an asshole by definition. She was hugging her Shrimp, and who cared about the rules, when he wrapped his arms around her? "Bigger than I remember, Steve." She laughed.
"Geez, relax," She stated as she waved it off.
They both looked up to the camera, looking almost relied that she answered. "Toni, come out," Pepper demanded.
2) I enjoy protective Clint and Natasha. Also, I am no way support Domestic violence, and my version of Steve doesn't either. I did struggle with that in this chapter, because it isn't something you wipe away. It isn't acceptable ever, but I didn't see it as such. I saw it as an accident, and it will remain as an accident. Steve isn't going to go down that path in my story, though he may feel like crap for awhile. I hope that makes sense.
It's the whiskey, she told herself as she took a few deeps breath. The alcohol was messing with her thought process, making her overreact. This was all in her head; she was imagining this all, which was what she did. She couldn't let herself be happy, not that she could really consider herself happy being stuck in the past, but she was in a better place than she usually was.
He was staring at her with such an intense look that she thought she was going to explode.
"Oh, yes! A crime against nature," Toni cried, as she reached for the door handle. Without wasting a second, she pushed the door open and chased after Romanoff. "A crime, I tell you."
Not caring about anything else, Steve rushed to her side, and without hesitation, he pulled the shaky genius into his arms. She felt cold to the touch, barely moving in his arms, but it didn't last long. The second that that he wrapped his arms around her was the second that she started to struggle against him. At first, he thought it was because he had startled her, but with a few 'Toni, it's me. Calm down,' he realized this was something else. It was worse than he thought, and he could feel his heart break as he listened to her cries.
Toni, but how could that be? How could Toni Sark be Toni Stark? Sure, if Toni Stark was older, he could see it, but she wasn't old enough to have been alive in the 1940's. "I don't understand," he muttered to himself. Did Fury mixed up the photos when he gave him Stark's folder? He had to have had… But the photo didn't look old.
"Toni, when I agreed to tail you, I didn't do it to prove you guilty. I did it to prove you innocent," he stated.
That name was familiar to her. They were with the Howling Commandos, which meant that Barnes and Rogers were back. That also meant that she wouldn't be bored anymore, though Salty would rather she be bored. "And you're okay with people calling you Dum Dum?" She asked eyeing him. She would not be okay if someone called her that. She might have to kill someone over that.
a hero, always putting others before himself, but she just wanted to see him for more than once every two weeks. She wanted to sleep in his arms every night. She just wanted to be with him, even if he gave her one of his famous stares.
She closed her eyes for a second as the cold air blasted her and she buried herself deeper into her father's chest. After readjusting herself to the cold, she thought about opening her eyes, but she couldn't. Her body wouldn't listen to her, no matter how hard she tried. She was too tired.
Barton broke out into laugher. "Oh, if we're selling sex types, I better get some profit out of this. Avenger Porn would be hot."
His expression softens as his hands lightly rubbed her bad ankle. "I never thought I would have this. I thought I would be on the side line watching, just dreaming. I never thought I could get a dame—no, woman like you. I th-"
Toni felt like an idiot for what happened in the bar, but she wasn't going to apologize. It wasn't her style, and it was the truth. She just wanted them to leave her alone. Why was that so hard? Why were they pushing so hard? Why couldn't they leave her alone? She wasn't speaking in French or anything. She just didn't want to talk about her feelings.
Toni waved her off. "Not protecting him. Well, I am, because man, have you seen his abs? Mouthwatering." she winks, laying her mask on thick. "But no. I'm not lying for him." She paused, taking a deep breath. "Because let's get one thing straight: if
"I want to see if you will to take my deal. You know before the Red Skull gets you, though I doubt he understands how much trouble you will be," he stated, stepping even closer to her. His fingers inched closer to her.
Grabbing the items of clothing, he stepped to Toni and kneeled in front of her. "Let's get you out of these wet clothes," he said, setting the items back down. He expected her to say something, to do something, but she didn't. She just let him pull the towel from her shoulders. Taking her silence as the okay to continue, his hands dropped to her feet and he pulled off her shoes without bothering to untie them. He pulled off her wet socks a second later.
Aldrich gave Maya a side look before glancing back to Toni, eyeing the sweat running down her face "If you could see yourself, would you change your mind?" he asked as his eyes traveled down to the dog tags around Toni's neck.
Steve narrowed his eyes. "You would say that. Stay away from her; there're other dames out there if you need a fix," he stated, annoyed. "And I don't know. We can decide tomorrow." He took a deep breath.
"You're going to have someone follow her?" Peggy asked.
Toni didn't respond, not that she had much time to respond or even had anything to say really. The car, like a missile fired from a war ship, was heading directly for a tree, and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it. Even if Rollins could regain control, it was too late. The car was unstoppable, and when the it made contact, everything went black.
Shaking her head, she looked around, trying to keep herself awake. She wasn't looking for anything, but she caught sight of something moving along the tents. Its movement reminded her of her stalker, but it couldn't be. He couldn't be here in camp in the middle of nowhere. How could he be? How could he have found her? What did he want? She shook her head as she tried to clear her mind. He couldn't be here. She had to be going crazy. It had to be the lack of sleep... Unless, Salty was lying about this stalker not being one of his and he had him watching her while he was gone. But that didn't make any sense. But maybe, it did.
"Doesn't make you less of a Hero. Doesn't mean shit."
If Steve wasn't so damn worried, he would've laughed, but there was only one thing on his mind, and that was getting to Toni. Between Rhodes and JARVIS, he knew that it was bad, and the idea of Toni suffering didn't sit well with him. It felt like a stab to the heart, knowing that she couldn't sleep; it felt like he had failed her. It felt like he had abandoned everything that he had promised her.
"Shut it," the woman hissed. "I do not care for your stupid remarks today."
His smile was so damn big and it was hard for Toni to resist. "I can't get you off my mind."
"No," Pierce replied, turning to the Asset. "That would destroy what makes Stark valuable to Hydra. We need her mind, Rollins." He said, pointing to his head. "We will need her mind intact."
JARVIS responded before Natasha could, granted the assassin had no interest in responding. "There is no use, Agent Romanoff," the AI responded, as the control panel on the wall suddenly turned black. "Though Miss. Stark made my firewalls impenetrable, I must insist you cease your actions."
The Agent stopped and turned on a dime. "Corporal Sark, that's none of your concern."
"Are you there, Sark?" Peggy asked, noticing her mind wandering.
"Oh, cut the crap," she says, turning and leaning against the desk. "Are you okay?"
She watched the glowing man for a split second as she flung the burning Iron Man blaster to the side. Her palm stuck for a second as she stared at Savin. Finally not seeing any movement from the man, she let out the breath she was holding. With a renewal energy, Toni kicked as hard as she could, trying to create some wiggle room. Pain shoot up her body, between the tingling of her 'sleeping' legs and rubble digging into her. She could feel the blood start to return to her legs, and they felt like jello, but she wasn't going to stop.
"Okay over there, Cap?" Clint asked from the pilot seat. His eyes were focused forward, but his attention was on Rogers.
"Yes," he said, blowing out. "We should have, and I'm sorry."
Remembering an earlier conversion he had with Toni, Phillips knew she wouldn't allow them to use it as a weapon. "If she's telling the truth, she won't allow it. She states she doesn't and won't make weapons."
He felt his heart skip. "Do what?" Was she saying what he thought she was saying?
"k," she muttered, still amazed at his character. "Thank you."
Toni narrowed her eyes. "You're just being sexist."
"Did not," Rhodes replies, sitting in a large recliner a few feet from him. "Just ask FRIDAY."
"Toni." The voice was calm, relaxing.
"How does what taste like?" Tony asks, stepping away from the counter. He needs to get out, before everyone in this kitchen realizes that he's teenager. He doesn't remember being this horny in his life for crying out loud.
Toni laughed, as she looked pass his head, not wanting to meet his glance. "I never knew you paid any attention to my sex life," she said. "Geez, never knew I was important."
Looking around, Toni had no idea where to go on this maze of a base that had too many buildings. Heck, she couldn't even tell which building she came from, though it could be because night had fallen and it was hard to see. Without knowing where to go, she headed toward a light post as it was the first thing that grabbed her attention.
He shrugged. "I think that normal for a parent-child relationship," he said, his hands still twitching in his lap.
Phillips glanced toward Toni. "Do it," he ordered.
Steve eyed the brunette as she glared at Barton. "Barton, that was uncalled for," the Captain chastised.
"I wouldn't consider that a shame," he stated. "Last chance, Corporal Sark. Tell me what this device is and I'll let you go."
Shaking her head, she started her long walk to the apartment, and she almost jumped five feet in the air when she noticed someone leaning against a building. She couldn't see his face as it was covered in shadows and Toni readied herself to reach in her bag for the hammer in case she needed to bang someone's face in. "Who's there?" she asked, trying to hide her nerviness.
Same copy right as before.
At hearing that, Barnes' heart raced. "You aren't going anywhere with her," he snapped. He didn't care that he was hurt; there was no way they were taking her, but he had to find her first. She was gone, which was a good thing, as they couldn't hurt her anymore. His only hope was that Schmidt wouldn't find her.
"He wasn't jealous of you, you idiot," she says, slapping the back of his head lightly. "He was jealous of Barnes. Jealous that Barnes got to spend so much time with you."
Howard's groaned as his hands dropped from her shoulder. "I think I prefer you hating me; then at least, my daughter wouldn't be joking about my sex life," he replied with a scrunched nose.
He snorted. "I'll talk to Stark for you."
"She doesn't like to listen. She's going to be the death of me," Phillips stated, bitterly. Toni could practically see his annoyed face as he spoke.
He wasn't afraid of her anger, and he was willing to push her, because it was the only way to get the truth out of her. "I…" Steve started but froze, unsure if he could get the words out. "I…" He was afraid to say it, because he had no idea of how she would react. She had pushed him away in both times.
"Who the hell is Bucky?" Bucky snapped.
"Why don't you come with us?" Dugan stated as he wrapped his arm around her shoulder. Toni glared, but she didn't shrug him off. "Come show us how good you're at poker."
? No need to talk behind closed doors. Why-"
"You don't have a heart for one." Toni let out a chuckling sigh. "But okay, Mother," she mocked, as she scooted away on her ass from the engine block and slowly got to her feet. Thanks to Steve, she had finally gotten her first full night of sleep in
Steve looked between them with scared look him his eyes. "Are you two serious? I'm not going to fight teammates over something stupid."
Banner let out a sigh as he stepped to the other sigh of the table. "'A warm light for all mankind to share', Loki's jab at Fury about the cube."
"Is she okay?" Rogers asked, Toni knowing his voice from anywhere. If she didn't know any better, he sound worried, but he didn't have a right since he was too busy kissing Loud Mouth Sassy Pants. There was something else in his tone that Toni couldn't place.
At least, Peggy had a great life, loved by many, which was the most anyone could ask for. It just felt horrible remembering the good days, the days where she could remember her name. They were painful reminders of how far Peggy had fallen. Like a curse, memories played like a movie in Toni's head, pausing in place. Under a mountain of blankets, a young Toni was glued to Peggy's arm as the woman told stories of her war days. At times, her mother was on the other side of her, boxing her in. Those days were heaven, especially when her father popped in and added random funny pieces to the story. God, she loved those times. "Well, I had to make sure you didn't burn the bacon."
After a few seconds of silence, she took a deep breath as she looked between Peggy and Howard. Her tears had stopped and she did feel better after the talk with her father, but she knew she had a long day ahead of her. "So let's stop sitting here and get me home," she said, trying to put on a smile.
The Super Soldier glanced at Bruce as he approached him. "I can't sleep," he answered. "My mind won't stop. These memories won't stop." He paused. "I think I can understand why Toni can't sleep and why she's always in the lab."
"Not that cold," she stated, closing her eyes. After a few seconds, she opened her eyes, but they didn't stay opened for long. "And I don't want to burden you. I hate to be a burden." She was fighting to stay awake. "That's the last thing I want to be."
The part of her who hated the very idea of being weak wanted to protest it, but there was no denying it. They were in love, and it wasn't some puppy dog love either. It wasn't some fling. It was true. It was real. "I…I love him."
"Steve would kill me if I let something to you," he stated as he watched her tuck the gun into her pants and hid a knife in her boot.
Toni glanced at her father, who grimaced at the name Sark. "Yup, time for me to get out of here," she replied with a weak attempt at her usual arrogant smirk.
Barnes had lost track of time and what was happening to him, but he could tell that someone was standing over top of him. The shadow started to take shape after it had started to shake him. "It's me, Steve," the shadow stated.
The Asset's boots clicked lightly against the hard wood floor, as his fists were at his side. There was no reason as to why he was called to the window. It wasn't like he expected an attack, though it would be ill-advised to not be prepare, and it was what he told himself when he stared out the window. He was a weapon, a tool; he wasn't supposed to think like this. He wasn't supposed to feel as he was supposed to be an unfeeling, killing machine. He wasn't supposed to be concern besides anything besides the mission, but he was drawn to the window. Felt drawn to this city.
Her eye twitched at the nickname. God, she hated that nickname. How the hell was she a fire rocket? Why add the word fire? Yes, an explosion of sorts was needed, but if a rocket was on fire, that was a very bad thing. Maybe, that was what he was trying to say about her. Shaking her head, she kept walking as she really had no interest in talking to him; however, he didn't get the picture.
For a few minutes, he watched her as she crossed back to Howard's equipment and eyed the metal cases. He observed her as she opened a random case and looked in. He perceived how her expression change as she stared at the equipment inside. "Going back to your time isn't going to fix everything. The pain won't just go away."
Shaking her head, she grabbed a jacket and headed out to look for Steve, because he
How was she not shot? Was the shooter not aiming for her? He couldn't have missed, but why? Who wasn't trying to kill her? He waited until she stepped away from the window to shot. If he hadn't, she would've been cut to pieces when the window shattered. He wouldn't have to hit her to hurt her, but he waited until she turned away. Why would he do that? Did that mean something?
Smelling what she was, Steve's eyes widened. "No!" he yelled, as he dashed back to stove. Without grapping a mite, he yanked the pan from the heat. The heat rushed him, but he paid no attention. There was just a pout on his face.
"Always a pleasure, Stark."
favorite genius for some non- Clint approved fun. That was unacceptable. Sure, Toni got on his nerves sometimes, but everyone got on his nerves at point for one reason or another. It was normal. No one was likeable all the time. Hello, humans here, but that did not mean that someone had the right to take HIS genius. And whoever did, they were getting an arrow through the knee. No, they were going to get two arrows in the knees, because he bloody felt like it, and he was pissed. No one took his friend/genius and not get killed.
Shaking from the wind and weak muscles, Toni struggled to push herself to her knees with one arm. Her left arm was pretty much useless. I can do this, she thought as blood dripped from her head. Her mind started to go and it was getting harder to think. "H-help," she begged, her throat screaming in pain. Her breathing, if possible, was becoming more difficult, which made her take hollow breaths. It hurt to breath in deep.
"Hey, old man," Toni greeted, softly, as she traced the cold headstone. The stone was cold to the touch, almost giving her jolt when she touched it. It gave her the chills each time, though it could be weather doing that. How could he dead when she saw him not a few days ago?
Sam Wilson peaked his head in and with a soft smile, he spoke, "I made breakfast. If you guys eat that sort of thing."
Stepping into the black flats, she crossed to the door. "Barnes, can you help me with this?" she asked as she opened the door.
The man didn't answer, only stared at Toni. His face was covered in dark shadows, like most of his body, and it was difficult- if not impossible-to make out any feature on his face. Toni could tell that he was a rather buff man, looking like he could give Steve a run for his money, which was saying something. Even in the darkness and bulky clothes, she could tell that he was a muscular, burly man, who handle his own in a fight and hold it well. She could tell that he was well build—not an ounce of fat on his body-through his clothes.
He looked at her. "Did you just say Stark? As in Stark Industries?"
"Can I use it? I don't need it for long. Just need long enough to tap into its energy," she said, silently thanking her father for the theory. However, she doubted that she would ever tell her father that.
He gave her a smile as he stepped around the hole toward her. "Are you okay, Stark?" he asked, glancing over her. "I don't think I ever saw you bolted so fast."
The door to the apartment flew open, slamming against the wall. It snapped Toni out of her mind, bringing back to the present, though she was still a fog. Not a second later, a blond woman shot into the room with a gun trained and at the ready. With a purpose, she scanned every inch of room looking for any possible threat, much like you see in a cop show. Seeing no threats, the woman turned and gave Toni a dirty, nasty look. "Are you okay? I heard screaming?"
Chapter 2:
Toni glanced at the snickering man before turning to Fury. "Okay, so Rogers and I kissed, so what? It wasn't the make-out session that I wanted, but there's next time." She spun to Steve and winked. Again, her hands were twitching at her side, itching to reach for him.
Steve stepped a, placing a kiss to the top of his head. "You know you're breathtaking at any time, right? I can't help but smile when I look at you."
"You still don't know a bloody thing about women!" Peggy stated as she stormed away. Rogers just let her do so.
Bruce smiled weakly. "And when I asked her about it, she wouldn't answer, only dodged. I don't know what she was thinking, but the mere mention of your name got her heart racing. Now, I'm no expert in the ways of Toni Stark, but that means something."
"Is Captain Rogers in there?" Rumlow asked, his smile dropping a bit.
Okay, maybe that isn't completely true. He does like to be touched by the both of them, likes to be touched a
"Witnesses!" He yelled as he limped to the containment room. The core was still glowing as brightly as it had been before he messed it. "We have witnesses."
Phillips smiled, sadly. "They're just copies of them, which I had made you. Perks of being a Colonel." He paused as he looked at them. "I thought you would like them."
I hope you like this chapter.
No, she was in trouble. There was no doubt about that, as that was who she was. She didn't understand how not to get into trouble, as it coded in her DNA. It was in her blood, in her veins. She didn't know how to shut up or standstill, as she always had to be on the move. Always doing something. Just by watching her, he knew that there was always something on her mind, always something 'processing' in that massive mind of hers, and if her sleeplessness was clue enough, she couldn't rid herself of those thoughts. Like his empty, murky mind, her mind was full, unrelenting. Like his hunted him, hers hunted her, always 'on'.
"No, she did not but there is no telling what happened to the reactor in her chest, Sir. She did take precautions, but I am afraid that it was not enough."
This was why he wanted and needed to kill the Blond who had a bad habit of touching the Brunette, though it seemed like he would need to kill two blonds…Both of these blondes didn't know that the dark hair brunette didn't belong to either of them, though the Asset couldn't say why exactly he thought that. No matter the reason, he wanted to show the both of them, who she belonged to—Wait, when did she become his?-, and he would do anything to show them that. The creepier of the two, the fake blond, was the one that Asset almost hunted down at that very second and killed, barely reframing from doing so. Killing him would anger his handlers, and he had a mission to complete which involved not being noticed. Killing someone as flashy as the Fake Blond wouldn't help his mission; in fact, it would hurt his mission, and he needed to succeed. He would succeed. He would get the brunette to submit to his handlers and be the prefect asset like him.
After zipping up his coat, he crossed to the closet for a better pair of shoes. The ones he was wearing now were falling apart. "Is she stupid? Why couldn't she just wait?"
Toni leaned her forehead against his chest. "We're some fucked up people, aren't we?" she asked, as her hands tightened on his biceps.
"Good," she said, still struggling with her chains. Her fears were growing as she studied his stoic form. He was up to something and it wasn't going to be good.
thing he wanted. The Only thing. There was nothing else. Yes, he was nothing and deserved nothing, but couldn't he have one thing? Why couldn't he have her? Just her? He wanted only her.
Natasha places a supportive hand on his knee. "You said that out loud, Knuckle Head." There's fondness in her voice that he doesn't hear often from her.
Vision replies.
"NO!" a voice yells, clearly angry. "Not leaving him." This man's anger suddenly clears the hazy from his mind, as if his anger snaps Tony's brain back into focus. "If you think I'm leaving him, you're fucken wrong, Rogers." His voice is ice cold, and it sends chills down Tony's spine. "Dead wrong."
Don't worry, we will see Toni in the past in the next chapter.
"I had always been burden," Toni stated, opening her eyes again slowly. "I promised myself that I wouldn't be."
Toni wasn't one to carry ID as everyone knew who she was and she never needed it. If she did need it, Pepper was the one who always carried it. In this case, she was really glad she didn't. She didn't need him to locate that ID. "They are something I'm working on." What else could she say to that? Where is the Device? She asked herself, not liking that it wasn't here. She didn't need it in the wrong hands.
In the next chapter, we'll see if Toni will be able to break in and steal back her device
Steve gave her a wild look. "What?"
"And I do not hate you, Stark." Tony doesn't respond as he steps into the suits. He couldn't even if he wants to as he has no idea of how to respond. "And no one can hate you more than you hate yourself," she asks as the suit closes around him. She doesn't try to stop him as he makes a flashy exit. She doesn't say another damn word, and he's thankful for that.
Forcing herself to take a deep breath, she quieted the insult in her throat. Jim hadn't been quiet about his feelings for Steve during the last few weeks, which annoyed the genius to no end. Steve wasn't like the other people she had been with. He was kinder for one. He wasn't using for another. "We don't have time for this. We have to save the President."
"The last one is at Fort Meade, behind three guarded gates and a twelve-inch steel wall," Sam answered, his eyes drilling into Steve, silently reading him. It was like he had put on his counselor glasses and was taking Steve a part inch by inch. It was unnerving.
Her tone had turned deadly silence, which was a tone that Steve hadn't heard from the woman. "Put on the suite, let's go a few rounds," Steve said. He maybe have regretted his every word that he was saying, but he was too angry to stop himself. He wanted to make her angry. He wanted her to feel frustrated like he was. He wanted to get to her like she did to him. He wanted to make her feel something. If he couldn't get her to feel anger, how could he get her to feel anything like love?
"Again, how does that equal dating? I make Rogers jealous, so what?"
Toni exhaled slowly as she enter the Colonel's tent, which looked like a stereotypical field office. A typewriter, which she mentally chuckled about, was in the corner of the tent, and in another corner, there were barrels of maps, or what looked like maps. There was a makeshift desk between them, and across from the desk, the Colonel, talking to a male officer, stood at a table that had a map laid out on top of it. Another male solder stood at the end of the table watching in silence as Salty spoke; each one of them were of a high rank. There were also 4 guards positioned outside the tent at the corners to make sure no one got in that was not welcome.
