“Sure,” Yaël sat down next to him and chose one from the box that now wasn’t covering a thing anymore. “Now, please stop annoying Steve and put on some pants, Wade,” she said after letting Steve suffer for a moment.
When she woke up, she didn’t wake up. They had put some sort of on and off switch in her skull, linked to the part of her brain that steered her powers. And that’s exactly how she ended up in the Chitauri attack, as a puppet, a pet, a weapon as thoughtless as a gun. Somewhere after that, SHIELD captured her and put her in the cage as they tried to get that thing out of her skull.
“You know you don’t need our permission. You come and go as you please,” MJ reminds him with a wink. Miles chuckles before grabbing his bag from the ground and heading towards the exit. As he nears the door, he sees it open, watching Mr. Li walking in in that usual suit of his.
“Siberia? I thought he was on his way back?” At least, that’s what he got from their last conversation on the phone. It was made right after Peter woke back up in his hotel room. Though, if it’s going to take a bit longer until Tony returns, he could relax for a moment.
“What I was trying to say; Dad! He just fell out of the sky and I was on patrol and I decided to check it out and it’s actually him I saw him turn back to normal but he was green and huge and-“
be quite the shock; especially when you’ve lost so much of them already. At least, that’s what Tony supposes the DNA-test is for. He knows what they look like, he’s taken more of them than he’d care to admit each time somebody came to cause drama and tell their kid was his.  “Just think about the internship, though. Give it a good thought, and if you’ll choose for us, we’ll be glad to hear from you.”
“Yeah, it’s probably the reason why we aren’t seeing so much of Mr. Stark lately. He took it pretty hard, as far as I heard. They
Seeing an old lady walking the same street for the fifth time, he decides to come down and help her. She offers him a churro as thanks after he showed her the way. He eats that on the roof of a building while he toys around a bit with his web shooters. Tony has been amusing himself ever since Peter gave him the formula to create the web fluid. He’s been making tons of stuff Peter could use – maybe even too much. Peter can’t catch up!
“It looks like we had quite the battle just now! Let’s just see who, in fact, was the best here according to you guys.”
“Asgardians,” Sharon explains while nodding. She then points towards one dark-skinned woman in white armor-like clothes, holding a sword in her hand. “According to this woman, their home has been destroyed. They were going to build a new home somewhere in Norway. But they encountered an enemy ship and they’ve lost their King and Prince somewhere in Space, along with half of their population.”
Peter shouts in surprise when there are suddenly two very strong adults pulling him into their arms. Tony doesn’t care that he’s just in his underwear, or that Steve is dripping wet. He has his boy back in his arms. Peter’s breathing, living. His heart is pumping again.
“It’s possible… I’ll have FRIDAY look over the footage inside his mask,” Tony returns. He then turns to Steve, who has been a constant presence at his side. “Honey, could you-“
“Yeah, my shift is done anyway, and I can’t figure this thing out without Mr. Stark, so I’m kind of stuck,” Peter explains. Picking up his jacket and putting it on, he notices Steve looking around the place before he, too, takes his stuff and hoodie, and follows Peter to the door.
Zemo warns, and it’s that sentence that pulls Tony’s attention back up. Inside his cabin, Zemo presses a button. Next to Steve, an ancient screen starts playing something. On it, a date is written down. All he can really read are the numbers sixteen and 1991. As Zemo continues talking, Tony nears the screen when a security feed of a secluded road is shown.
"What's in those?" Harry asks curiously. He's a bit excited that he's allowed to join, but given the fact that he's recently single again and doesn't have any other way to keep himself busy, it was obvious that they would invite him along. Besides, Peter kind of begged for it, and Tony can hardly say no to his son.
Without thinking too much, Peter fishes out his phone again, pulling up a picture from a little while back. It’s one taken by Tony, who just had to capture the moment. Steve and Peter are outside with the other Avengers, who had decided to play a game of baseball. Peter, having admitted that he never played it before, got a small, quick lesson from Steve. The picture Tony took is from when Peter ran a homerun and was pulled up on Steve’s shoulder for his victory.
“I love you guys. May was there when I felt like I didn’t have anybody left. Tony was there to fill this hole in my life that my parents made when they died. Tony took me in and treated me as his own even before he knew I was his son. And you- you’ve taken care of me as Spider-Man and Peter, even before you know the two were the same.”
And the man talks; about how everybody agrees with the fact that Barnes had no control in what he did, that he was a victim of a bigger enemy, their puppet. They have his files, probably thanks to Natasha. They know everything that has happened. It’s a mutual agreement with everybody that he’s not to be held responsible for what happened. They clear his name on the spot, and applause comes up. Next to Barnes, Sam throws his arm over his shoulder and gives him a wide smile. Wanda, who is seated behind him, leans forward and pinches his arm lightly.
“Well, who do we have here?” King Eerikki grinned foully. “The girl with the ochre eyes…What a surprise you’re still alive after all this time, Yaël.” Memory-Yaël wisely kept her mouth shut, but it was Lopt who took a step forward.
Then Mr. Stark stops, biting on his lip and sighing loudly. His hands are balled into fists, veins showing underneath his skin.
“Yeah, I suppose that’s part of it,” Peter agrees. “Though I also wonder why we have a dishwasher if we never use it.”
“You choose,” Yaël pulled out her phone from her pocket and started typing. “I’m texting Peter and Wanda. Now you move! I still have two hours of Music to do!” There were already a few teens walking in and claiming their seats, Yaël even heard some typical muffled gossiping and kids making plans for the evening.
“Just trying to help, ma’am,” she assures her. The woman bows her head and moves on with slow steps. “Say, you mind helping out? We could serve a bit faster that way.”
Tony looks up, blinking at Clint. All the personal information comes back up in his view, but now focusing on it, he manages to get it out of his sight.
But Peter doesn’t. He does nothing. His eyes are shut, mouth closed. He looks peaceful, like he’s just in a very deep sleep.
“Yes Michelle Jones. I remember her interview, liked her attitude. It’s mostly why I accepted her,” Tony returns. When Steve turns to look at him questioningly, Tony shakes his head. “What? She gave me a PowerPoint on how it would be major empowerment towards all the other girls if she would be accepted, and how it would prove that I wouldn’t be a misogynist.”
“Hi Happy!” Peter exclaims loudly, the way he always does. Happy just nods at him and starts driving. He’s never been the most talkative towards Peter, but he doesn’t try to let it get to him. He’s sure it’s nothing personal.
Bit by bit, Yaël got more and more used to the superheroes living around her. It wasn’t like living in a normal family or anything, as none of them could even define as being normal, but it was fun. They seemed to accept her too and let her do her thing. But that didn’t make her an Avenger, did it? And even though she was healed completely, and she was still taking her sleeping pills every night, there was something that kept her awake: Nilla.
The truth was, Yaël wasn’t mad at Peter, but at herself. She could have called him, or visit him randomly, but she didn’t do that, and now she didn’t even know her friend got attacked or how he was doing. Maybe he couldn’t sleep from the pain. Or maybe Stark didn’t like him either. Or maybe Stark just didn’t want to have anything to do with his son… Yaël didn’t know, because she hadn’t called him to ask.
“You mean that whiplash-guy? He’s the son of the man that helped invent the arc-reactor?” Peter asks, dropping down his hand when he figures that Dum-E isn’t back yet. Francis just shrugs.
It’s about twenty minutes when they finally arrive, and Peter’s feeling stiff all over his body. They go through the private underground parking before heading to the elevator. Using their Avengers-badges, they get up to the medical floor, where, as soon as the doors open, Peter is faced with a whole hallway of nurses in gear.
Tony smiles a bit. Yes, Tony can imagine Steve sitting here, waiting for the sun to get on the right spot, with his sketchbook on his lap and crayon in his hand. A small wave of sadness goes through him. He clears his throat.
Peter hesitates for a moment, remembering that he’s wearing his suit underneath. Mr. Stark isn’t paying any attention to him, but Peter can impossibly remove his entire suit in such a short time. Besides, surely Mr. Stark has surveillance here!
Peter startles from his thoughts when something is suddenly thrown against the back of his head. Realizing that he’s still in class makes him sit up almost immediately. He hopes the teacher hasn’t seen him drift off like that!
He had to be kidding her, right? He read her files, he helped her through the tests once she woke up in that hospital-ish place. He must’ve got some info about her birthplace.
,” Peter says, uncertain. Tony refrains himself from rolling his eyes. He knows Peter’s not, because he just came from there. But he won’t mention that, of course.
Had Peter been in a better mood, he would have asked Vision if they kind of aren’t brothers. But as it is, Peter keeps his mouth shut and his eyes closed.
“Tony, you’re seeing this?” Bruce asks, not looking up. Instead, he drops down on the couch between Steve and Tony – probably without thinking about it – and leaning towards Tony to see where he’s currently at.
“I was just cold,” Peter counters before pulling the hood off his head. “Listen, I just need to use the elevator for a moment, do you mind?”
“I know you’re hurt for what happened between you and Steve, so I’m not going to take this personally,” Natasha tells him, though the look in her eyes does indicate that he hurt her somehow. Whatever, like he could care any less. “I suppose I’ll go underground for now, then. But, Tony… do your research, please? Try and at least figure out if Steve and James are on to something here.”
Peter endures the class, ending up with a paper scribbled with nothing more but possible additions for the new suit. Mostly, it’s just the same thing over and over again. ‘Karen’. Not that he can’t function without her, but it’s actually a whole lot less lonely with her voice humming in his ear.
The voices are blurred in his ears and he can’t really place who is talking and who isn’t. The loud noises make it clear to him that there’s still fighting going on around him, but he’s aware that there are two people crouching over him.
“If this is legit, they’re about the least sexy couple in the world,” Clint mutters, clearly annoyed.
Only to be snatched out of the sky, instead. There’s even more struggle, and darkness prevents him from seeing what grabbed him other than two shiny green eyes. At first, his mind tells him ‘
He tasted love with Jarvis, the man who took care of him whenever his parents weren’t available, which was a lot. Peggy loved him, too, and so did Daniel and their children. Tony’s little family. Once upon a time, when he was really,
“There I was, reading through every name, and nowhere on that list was that one stupid little name. And I thought; is this it? Is this the year I won’t have to keep on looking at Parker’s stupid face again?”
On the other hand, he really feels like he needs to pick up. His thumb is hovering above the green button, hesitating on pressing down. He really wants to know who’s calling.
“That’s the thing that’s been controlling me for the past few weeks,” he says. Then he quickly turns towards her. “MJ, I know you want to help, but I already lost Gwen like this. I’m not going to lose you, too.”
“Like I’ve been tossed against a building a few times,” Peter tries to joke, but neither Aunt May nor Tony seem to be laughing. They now sit at either side of his bed, but while Aunt May keeps her hand on his, Mr. Stark seems hesitant on reaching out. Instead, he turns his head towards Steve, who is still standing at the door.
Gwen puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder and squeezes it. “Give it time,” she says. Then she turns towards the city. “We should get to your Dad, no?”
Shit. Tony freezes on the spot, turning around slightly to find who called for him. Coming closer is a young man with a camera in his hands. A reporter, it seems.
“Hey there,” somebody had said. Steve had startled, turning to the side. Sam was no longer there, grabbing some lunch as far as Steve remembered. The person standing there, though, was no-one other than Stark.
“It must have been hard on him, the funeral?” Steve asks then. Tony huffs out a breath, feeling like he’s about to just start bursting out in laughter.
“What’s wrong with them?” Peter asks, clearly still disgusted about the question. Natasha wants to speak up, but she’s interrupted by Tony who walks her by to hold Peter by the shoulders.
“Alright, I must be going now,” Peter says, but he notices quickly that he’s lost the attention of Mr. Stark, who looks at Steve with what looks like an angry expression.
Once only Hope and Scott remain, the latter already falling asleep on the couch while Hope keeps her eyes on the city underneath them. They’re not outside; it’s raining. Instead, she stays at the window. Tony slowly gets up to her, scraping his throat to indicate that he’s getting closer.
The mother looks up at Peter, suddenly holding out a hand to him. When Peter takes it, she squeezes into his fingers.
. That’s all he can do right now. He figures he should start with Tony. At least, to him, he can give the whole story. Then, after he can get everything straight, he can try and figure out this mess.
"If I can get you to sleep a full eight hours tonight, I think that would be a miracle," Steve returns. On the couch, suddenly a red arm shoots up in the air, the hand attached to it balled up into a fist.
“You could just follow Black Widow and take the stairs?” Peter suggests. The guy turns around to watch the door towards the stairwell, looking at it like it’s the first time he’s seen it. Then he shrugs shortly.
Between five and nine, the workshop is filled with three people instead of two. Peter joins him in his workshop every day now, working alongside him on the new suit that Tony’s preparing. Who it is for, he rather keeps a secret for now, but he’s sure that Peter will notice who will be wearing it. It would be hard to miss, especially if he worked on it alongside him.
“What the-?” Clint gets out. Natasha already knows what is next. There’s a whole cinematic sequence she had too much fun filming. A slow camera shot that passes over several pieces of clothing that accentuate once more what they’re supposedly watching. After that, Natasha made sure to tilt the camera up until it’s showing only Steve, lying on the bed.
“Do you have plans tomorrow?” Tony asks then, keeping his voice low so he wouldn’t wake up the kid in the back seat. Steve smiles and nods.
-	How did you even know what I was thinking? Dude, so if I shoot you in the head, you still won’t die? I had a lovely date with X a few days ago and worked long shifts after that, but I think your life has been a bit more adventurous in the past few days. See you tomorrow, moron. Xoxo.
Tony pulls up the security footage of when it arrived, seeing a figure standing handing the file to Peter, who doesn’t seem like he’s suspecting anything. He couldn’t even say it’s Natasha he’s talking to. Poor boy.
Ah, what the hell? Without further hesitation, Peter puts his hand into the open space inside the gauntlet, surprised when it closes again around him, fitting him perfectly somehow. As Peter moves around with it, he realizes that it sits very comfortable, as well. There’s nothing poking him in the skin, or making it difficult to move his fingers. It’s almost as if he’s not wearing anything at all.
He stomps his foot on the ground and points at Bruce once again, who just looks extremely confused about it all.
“I know now. I heard the thing’s thoughts while it possessed me.” She lets out a cough. “I guess I was a bit of a fool to believe you would ever choose me over MJ.”
“You need a cute name, like the characters from My Little Pony! Because girl, you look like an adorable, tasty cupcake.” He said while he was checking her hair.
Felicia gives him a long look. Mantis, too, stares at him, though with a completely different expression.
Steve is fuming even more, the longer he speaks. He should be careful before he breaks the guy’s wrist without meaning to. He loosens his grip completely, almost throwing him away from him. Being near this man makes him feel sick.
As Yaël walked on the streets to get to her apartment, she started freaking out a bit. Random thoughts made way into her head. Yaël had never been afraid of meeting new people, so she surely wasn’t afraid of meeting acquaintances , but this was different. Steve must’ve mourned about her, right? Well, maybe he didn’t, she didn’t want to know that. Maybe he just walked through her death smoothly. Or maybe he’d be disappointed in her for not remembering him sooner. How long had it been?
“Call me if you need anything, I’ll be at the workshop!” After that, Tony leaves the room right when Bruce appears again. When the scientist takes Tony by the arm and murmurs something to him, Peter wonders what it’s about. He sees Tony shake his head, and Bruce then sigh before shaking his head as well. Something more is said, but after that Tony leaves.
“There’s no shame in that as I am an alien too. From a different planet, though, but still some sort of alien.”
So Peter figures it’s best to just stay at his side at all times; that way he can make sure Ned doesn’t spill much more than that. That proves to be hopeless during gym, when he announces to the entire class that Peter ‘knows Spider-Man’!
“Something’s going on with me, Dad. And I don’t know what.” Peter’s voice sounds so broken, so vulnerable. Tony can’t help but walk up towards him, sit down on the bed and take Peter’s hand into his own.
- Obviously Harry and Bucky aren't at all in the same situation. Bucky has been brainwashed and forced to kill for YEARS, and Harry caused his own doom. On the other hand, our vision of Harry's story is that he's a victim, too. A victim of a disease he received from his father, a disease that eats at his brain and drives him crazy. His biology has failed him, and he tries whatever he can to survive, only to have that blow up in his face as well. Where, then, was Peter when that happened? Nobody really seemed to be doing the effort of helping Harry, after all... So, no, when Steve compares his situation with Bucky with Peter and Harry, it isn't a COMPLETE comparison. It's just to help Tony understand how Steve felt during it all, and how he suspects Peter is feeling with his crap. Of course, the situations aren't the same. Peter and Harry are too young to already have such a long history of brainwashing.
“FRI, can you get the essentials for baby-proofing the place? And maybe get some clothes so he doesn’t have to walk around in one of Storm’s t-shirts? I feel like he might drown in it.”
There’s no chance to say anything else; suddenly Steve is greeted with the beeping sound that indicates Tony hung up. He lowers the phone and starts rubbing his eyes, feeling like he’s about ready to start crying.
Tony’s been working day in and day out. It’s understandable why, though, with needing to help out Peter with his lack of hearing. The fact is that Tony can’t help his son if he’s exhausted, which is why Steve literally has to carry Tony to bed when the first signs of exhaustion come up.
“Now who’s a dirty thinker? There was no sexy-time involved, if you really want to know,” Tony offers with another smirk on his lips. Peter lowers his cup, knowing he won’t be drinking it any time soon. Tony, in return, just laughs even louder. “C’mon, I’m sure I don’t need to have the big talk with you, do I?”
“I didn’t think so,” Thor answered right before he threw his hammer at her. But somehow she grabbed it in full flight and smirked at him. “This is not possible,” Thor said confusedly.
“Talking about that, you’ve been spending time with him, right? You ever met that mystery-kid of his? He and Captain America talked about it in this interview and everybody’s been wondering.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve eventually says once he’s dressed in only his underwear. Tony lifts up an eyebrow in confusion while he folds up Steve’s clothes and puts them on the drawer next to the bed.
FRIDAY adds, but Tony can see the scan being performed on his screens. For a short moment, he waits while leaning against the wall, putting his hand on his chin.
“Yeah, you did, it’s P Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney!” Wade looked a bit surprised at the dude, then he started laughing so loudly that the sound filled the whole bar.
“SPIDER-MAN!” Flash suddenly shouts, sounding just as drunk as everybody else. Peter looks up, seeing everybody look at him. “Do a flip!”
“Oh, uh, yes,” Tony mutters. It’s then that Peter realizes that Sharon doesn’t know about Steve and Tony. Peggy didn’t know, either. He wonders if
Natasha seems to be deep in thought as Ross explains what exactly the accords are about. With her hands now finally on the table, Tony can see she’s crossed her fingers, leaning forward on the table. Sam once again shifts uncomfortably.
“Why?”Yaël asked. Not that she wanted to stay in that glass box, of course. The guy lifted his eyebrow sarcastically.
She took small side-streets and tried not to look hurried or anything so she wouldn’t stand out too much. Yaël planned on walking away as far as possible and then taking a cab, since walking to the compound would take a whole while.
He could try to get Tony Stark’s attention, right? Apparently his mother and he had been good friends; That surely must be a good enough reason to want to talk to him?
“Thank you, Bruce! This is really amazing!” Peter says happily. They’re about to get out of Peter’s bedroom when another door suddenly flies open.
Of course, he doesn’t care about Toomes. The guy tried to kill Peter. That’s enough to be hated by Steve Rogers.
to start another fight. So he walks through the door Natasha’s pointing at, and sits himself down a chair without waiting for an invitation. He nods shortly at Wilson, before looking around a bit.
Fears that Tony will go back to his distant self now that Peter is no longer in the room. That he’ll go back to ignoring him, barely looking at him. Steve already prepares himself for it, too. He puts his hands together while facing Tony, waiting for him to say something.
She seems to catch his nerves somehow, because her eyes rest on him for one short moment and then she drops the papers away and gives him a long apologizing look.
Peter loses everything May told him after that. All he does is stare awkwardly at Liz’ father, Mr. Toomes. He’s busy doing the dishes, wearing a blue plaid shirt and looking all domestic. Not at all like he’s about to kill him again.
“Lighten up, lover-boy,” Tony calls out, patting him once on the stomach, much to Steve’s surprise. “This is not to let people in, it’s just to get me out.”
It was training with Wanda, the next week, that forced her to show more of herself. The psychic girl most of the times read what Yaël’s next move was going to be a second before she did it. Yaël, thinking too much about how to neatly order her next move, was no match against the Scarlet Witch. So after a frustrated grunt from ending on her back and climbing back up again and again, Yaël shot a spontaneous string of fire at her friend and pulled her down in such a speed, she managed to cause Wanda laying on the ground, flabbergasted. After that, their training only got more and more intense. At one point, a guy had opened the door to ask who wanted to join him for pizza.
“You two had a fight?” Natasha asks. She comes to stand next to him and looks outside as well. By now, the whole window is filled with raindrops. Tony finds it calming himself, though the ache in his chest is not one that just goes away. The pain is also so completely different from the one he felt right after having the Arc Reactor placed; that one was constant, it hurts even to this day even now it’s gone.
She smells the same, kisses the same. Everything is the same. It’s like three years haven’t gone by since her death, but more like this is just right after their final fight with Harry, back on that clock-tower. The alternate fight Peter kept imagining in his mind where the Goblin hadn’t taken Gwen. Hadn’t killed her.
Tony adds his help, using his – though limited – fire extinguisher he’s added in the suit for situations like these. Still, with his help, Johnny drops down on his knees the moment it’s over, completely out of breath.
“Or is this about this shit you guys are refusing to tell me about? I mean, I would love to hear about it when you two decide to stop acting like children and treat me like an adult, you know.”
“Right, worrying too much, I get it,” Tony mumbles back, finally turning his gaze towards Thor and Heimdall. Steve hadn’t even noticed that Loki joined them. He tries to look around, finding Yaël with Peter a bit further away. Raido is seated on Wanda’s lap, looking up at Vision with big eyes.
Then he hangs up as well. He puts the phone in the inner-pocket, knowing he’s playing with its survival here. But he has nowhere else to put it. After that, he hurries inside.
“You forget you’re tired and malnourished, dear sister,” Yaël said with an emotionless face. Nilla screamed, making a cry that almost sounded unnatural, and tried again to attack Yaël. But Yaël kept calm and blocked every blow that came her way.
-	Because I'm a mutant, you know, like mutated. Like, really badly mutated so I have this stupid face now
“My parents worked at Oscorp,” the boy – Peter – reveals. “Though my mother used to work for you for a while before that.”
Bruce sits down as well. Peter takes the seat next to him. Then the two of them wait for Strange to start.
“Can I help you?” one of May’s colleagues asks. Peter takes a quick look around to see if his Aunt is here. When he spots her walking out of a patient’s room, he points towards her.
is just about the biggest wreck one could have as a family? One that can’t even figure out his own feelings towards…
“There’s something on your mind,” Yaël asks after a little while of Wade rambling on. Peter hadn’t been listening, but mostly just feels their eyes on him. Peter twitches a bit in his seat, hating the attention. He’s never had so many people listening to him at the exact same time, which is actually kind of pathetic since there are only two of them right here – and one of them is a nutjob.
“Natalia, I know you can think logically here; who do you think does the heavy work between Stark and Steve?” James asks, leaning his head back so much so he can look up at her. Natasha rolls her eyes again and pushes him forward.
As it turns out, he’s not sure if luck’s by his side or not. Seeing Wanda’s name on the screen, he doesn’t hesitate on picking up the phone, pressing it against his ear and rubbing his eyes with his left hand.
“Oh, my boys,” Tony mutters out happily, throwing his arms around the both of them. Peter chuckles, though Steve stays quiet.
“Listen, if this is about what happened earlier; people were getting hurt, I couldn’t just stand by and do nothing ab-“ Peter starts.
“We did save the judge’s daughter, remember?” Clint throws in, repeating what he said earlier. Tony ignores it as he stares at Steve in front of him. Then he jumps up, grabbing Steve by the tie and pulling him towards him. Sharing a strong kiss, literally
“Peter! I lost it when I got the message! Are you alright?” Mr. Stark asks without pulling away. Peter, with eyes barely able to open, just nods and gently taps him on the back in return. His throat feels hoarse, and he’s sure he’s dripping blood all over Mr. Stark’s shirt.
“Don’t worry, he won’t,” Steve assures him, leaning forward to kiss Tony’s lips softly. Tony hums as he leans forward, his hands quickly finding Steve’s back until he lets his hands roam a bit more downwards.
“I hated it. No matter who it was I was sleeping with. Even with James, I hated it more often than not.” Natasha looks up at the sky, though not walking away from the window. Peter notices her red hair, put up in a messy bun that would make every prima ballerina cringe. “There were a very few occasions where I got to enjoy it a bit more. Not often, just… rarely.”
?” Ross asks. “I’m sorry, did I miss the part where this is up for debate? If the kid wants to take on the big guys, he has to play by the rules. We closed our eyes so far because he kept to the little stuff. Things hardly worth mentioning on the television.”
“Scott and Hope went to France for a week, on a holiday. They’re currently in the plane I would suspect,” Carol responds calmly. Tony is unable to hold back a tear as he listens to her, and before she can say anything else he thanks her and hangs up the phone.
And there had been shock, and surprise, and lots of worry whenever she next saw footage of Spider-Man in the news. Especially when he had nearly been stabbed to death by the Green Goblin. But knowing that Peter has a whole force of Avengers behind his back, she’s not as worried anymore. Peter can save himself.
“So, where are you going?” Yaël almost fell out of her wheelchair. People should stop appearing next to her like that!
“C’mon bro, if you’re not going to do anything about her, then I will,” he assures him. Bruce sighs but doesn’t comment further on it. So instead, Tony pulls up whatever they’ve found on the alien matter and the two of them start their research.
But Steve doesn’t answer, instead shakes his head and pulls away from Tony, leaving the room at last.
“Honey, I know I’m a fast learner but I need a little more time to actually read this,” Tony counters before turning to him with a big smile on his face. Steve rolls his eyes, pushing his head aside.
she tells him, though she doesn’t sound at all like she’s regretting it. Peter rolls his eyes and lets out a deep breath. Then he clears his throat and licks his lips.
Then, a bit further on the desk, there’s a picture of a man around Tony’s age, holding a woman in his arms. He looks happy. They both do. Peter figures this must be Dr. Octavius and his wife. He lets out a soft breath, a bit confused as to what they’re doing here exactly.
Steve nods, though only hesitantly. Tony stands up on the tips of his toes and presses a gentle kiss on Steve’s forehead before pulling away completely.
Thor smirks, nodding and grabbing Tony’s arm. Then, without warning, he pulls him out of the bed. Thor, being Thor, is not in the slightest bothered about Tony’s state of undress, instead pushing him in front of the mirror.
Once the cab arrives at Stark Tower, Peter hands the driver the money – too much, and he’s not even bothering to stay to get his change back – and jumps out of the car. Whistling a happy tune, Peter walks up to Stark Tower with his hands in his pockets and a smile on his face. When he comes across Francis, he waves at him.
At some points in the movie, Peter turns his head to watch his father there. The staring sometimes lasts a few long seconds, as he takes in the laughing-wrinkles his father has whenever he’s smiling, or the nervous tick he has with his foot whenever he’s been sitting still for too long.
He sighs when he feels his phone ring inside his jeans. Yeah, that’s another thing that’s changed since this week. Without looking at the screen, he picks it up.
A real Asgardian wedding! That must be something to behold, wouldn’t it? Yet, Peter’s not finding it in himself to be excited. He’ll just have to bite through it, he figures. He’s rather hoping they’ll be so busy all the time that he won’t have a moment with his own thoughts. That would be great, after all.
“It’s because… you said we needed to talk that day with the principal, but so far you haven’t said anything about it,” Peter continues. Tony sighs as he puts a bandage on Peter’s bloody finger. He’s cleaned it, but it won’t stop bleeding so it’s better to just put something on it for a moment. At least, that’s how Tony does it all the time.
Out of all the heroes that wander around in New York, Aunt May seems to have two that stand out in particular; while she dislikes Mr. Stark the most – though she won’t really explain why – it seems like he adores Captain America with all her heart. If it would have been that easy, Peter would even have arranged a meet-and-greet with him. Perhaps he should ask her the next time he’s at the facility.
Everybody nods. Then, Tony, Steve, Natasha and Peter face the portal. Peter’s just about ready to give up these portals forever, but for this one last time he can bite through it. He follows his dads through it, feeling Natasha wrap a protective arm over his shoulder.
Tony shakes his head. “This is ridiculous,” he mutters. “Okay now, kid, I’m not sure what you’re trying to achieve, here, but-“
“PETAH!” she shouts, pronouncing it wrong on purpose. She’s never called him ‘Peter’ before, instead going for ‘Petah’ all the time. She says it’s because of her dialect, but Peter knows it has something to do with her reading the Hunger Games books.
“Oh, not again…” Peter mutters, realizing he almost sounds like his principal. The last time Wolverine and Deadpool faced off, Peter almost missed his interview about the internship. Why can’t these two just get past their problems like normal human beings?
Eddie smirks all of the sudden. “Oh, Parker, I feel like, for the first time in my life, I know exactly what I’m doing.”
“What the…?” Tony asks, turning towards Peter who just shrugs. He didn’t invite anybody else. At least nobody that could come.
Maybe she should just go, she even had no reason to be there and she’d meet Peter later that day anyway. Right after just thinking about standing up and leaving, Peter moved away from the grave, turned and suddenly looked her right in the eyes. For a second, his mouth fell open, but he corrected himself immediately, waved at her and started walking in the direction of the chapel Yaël was sitting in front of.
On one hand, he feels like it’s an easy way out; they can forget about it and move on with their lives. On the other hand, he knows it’s bothering Tony just as much as it’s bothering him. He doesn’t want to keep this feeling between them.
“No, no, of course not,” he says. Tony lets out a relieved breath, feeling his heart calm down a little bit. He would probably have had a heart attack if Steve would hate just popped the question right here, right now. “Just, I wanted to ask…”
“Yes?” Tony asks, turning around with his glass of water in his hand. He had not complained about the fact that he couldn’t drink, but Steve’s still sure it can’t be easy for him to resist it like he’s doing now.
“Is it Tony? Because, really, you can tell me, Steve,” Peter continues, trying to get more out of the man.
“Right, so, once Loki gets everything back in order, Thor throws a big feast to celebrate the victory. That’s actually when he announced Jane’s pregnancy. It was all really nice.”
“Uh, Peter, are you alright?” Yaël asks then, suddenly worried. Peter shakes his head, sniffing his nose while trying to keep his tears to his own. He’s failing immensely at that.
But, Peter figures it’s what any hero would do in this occasion. Tony’s much the same. So’s Steve, Nat, even Peter. Every one of them would do the same thing.
“Peter’s not a match,” May suddenly says from behind him. Immediately, he’s thankful that May has been standing behind him during the explanation. “Peter’s AB. Tony is A. He can’t receive from Peter.”
Peter rolls his eyes internally, instead biting his teeth together and holding himself in when he wants to ball his hands into tight fists. To be honest, after yesterday, he really doesn’t need this.
Having arrived at the hotel Happy drove him to, Peter asks for just a minute before dropping down on the bed. He’s feeling a strong urge to pull the mask off and take a deep breath, but the chances of Happy walking inside are too big, so he doesn’t.
Despite the initial surprise at suddenly seeing somebody in front of his door, he doesn’t seem that much surprised that it’s Steve. He nods at him, motioning for him to follow. Steve nods, keeping up his pace.
“Maybe your story’s not so crazy,” Tony admits, offering Steve a small smile. “Ross has no idea I’m here, and I’d like to keep it that way. Otherwise I would have to arrest myself.”
“That may be so, but c’mon, we’ll be late for the fundraising! You know Pepper will kill us if we’re not there in time.”
The sun is slowly getting up. The city that never sleeps starts coming out of its peaceful moments. And Tony is purposely avoiding looking at the empty spot right next to him.
“Make the jets ready for turbo!” After hearing that, Yaël looked around to find something to hold on to. She jumped toward a handrail, but was just too late. Her fingers stroked the rail right when the ship vibrated and flew forward with a speed that threw Yaël back and got her smacking against a steel pole.
Steve looks quiet, eyes checking out the photograph of himself with a man that used to be a friend. Even from this far, Tony can see that it’s signed, though what it says, he can’t read.
But, to be fair, Peter never really looked it up on the internet. Self-diagnosing is the worst thing a person could do, after all.
Peter’s already used to the guy appearing at the most random moments, almost as if the situation asks for it or something. Wade also has the strange habit of suddenly turning his head around and talk to people as if they’re watching their movie. Peter’s pretty much used to it.
“Peter called me up, he said that FRIDAY was acting weird. We found you upstairs, but you pretty much destroyed the penthouse.”
Steve then nods. “Right,” he mutters out, running in the direction Tony remembers the suits are located. He’s extremely aware of Fury looking at him suspiciously, but he tries to ignore it.
“Ah, Brucie, it’ll never be over now that we have a whole civilization of aliens building up a Kingdom in Norway,” Tony jokes. Once the door to the workshop opens, Tony and Bruce get inside to take place at the large desks. Tony motions towards the screens and they start up after that, now projecting the same thing he was looking at on the tablet. “FRI, care to analyze this stuff?”
“These accords suck, that is what they do,” Yaël muttered before thinking about it. Wow, she interrupted Peter and sounded as bitter as an old, grumpy man. She’d better go and take a walk around the city.
Wade’s idea to build him a spaceship that will allow him to go to space might have been something completely else, but even Peter realizes that it’s not a realistic goal! Yaël just said something about presents being overrated. Peter figures she’s just bitter because she’s probably never gotten anything in her life before. That’s a worry for later!
“Well, I’m not going to throw you out, Yaël. I think you can feel for yourself when you’re ready to go back to your apartment, but if I were you, I wouldn’t go as long as you don’t feel good or stable enough. Maybe you should stay here until you know for sure the therapy helps you enough to be on your own again,” he said while staring at the pawns, clearly thinking about his next move. “But that doesn’t mean you can’t meet up with your friends. This place isn’t a prison, dear.”
He knocks on the door, using the code Romanoff gave him. Two quick knocks, three long knocks, five quick knocks. Then the door opens up, revealing none other than Black Widow herself, though she’s looking different than normal.
Tony takes a deep breath, wondering what kind of person this Tony actually is. Would he mind if Tony were to meddle in his business?
“Not really. I’m tired of being angry, you know,” Yaël sighs, clapping her hands together once and leaning her elbows on her legs. “I just- it’s not like I’ve got many friends to begin with. It would be stupid of me to push the ones I have away to begin with.”
“It’s… nothing, really. Peter and I… we took a beat. I don’t really know how to act around him anymore, and it’s not his fault, it’s my own,” Tony admits, clutching too tightly to his glass. Then he downs it all at once, swallowing the sweet taste of the wine. It’s a good one, he chose well this time.
He doesn’t feel anything of the removal of the stitches, and before he knows it he can turn around again. Once he’s on his back, he sees how Dr. Cho works. It’s interesting, how quickly she can work on it. With a small knife, she cuts the strings open on one side, and with a pincer she pulls them out on the other. It doesn’t hurt, only tickles a bit.
“Karen, I’m wondering; what are you doing when I’m not wearing the mask? Are you put on sleep mode or are you just waiting for me to arrive?” he asks as he steps towards the door that leads to the balcony. Before he gets out, though, he hurries back to his bag to take out his badge. That way he won’t have to do the embarrassing speech again to be allowed in afterwards.
, so to say, as he starts to get his act back together, his dreams don’t really seem too keen on giving Tony the same treatment. More often than not, he wakes up with images of Steve still fresh in his mind. Images he’d thought he’d become too old for. Images that gave him guilt for even dreaming them up so soon after Pepper left him. Sure, it’s been a little more than three months now since she left, and the dreams haven’t started until only a few weeks ago when he got back on the meds, but everything just feels too soon. It’s happening too fast.
“He’s in here?” he asks, pointing at the toilet. Is Tony already back in New York? That was fast! He must be
They let go of each other at last. Tony is the first one to enter, quickly followed by Steve. Once inside, they find Peter standing next to his bed, already wearing the large gown Thor provided for him. He looks like he just came walking out of a Lord of the Rings-movie, but with unusual colors. While his cape is the same color as Steve’s, and he’s wearing a red tunic with long blue sleeves underneath. His pants, too, are blue. The dark red boots have subtle spider-web drawings on them.
“Alright, take care, you two. Peter, good luck. Don’t be too nervous, Tony’s not mean,” he says with a wink.
He walks the entire pathway, wondering where it will lead him. He hopes he won’t end up getting lost, since he’s not sure he’ll find his way back so easily. He’s surrounded by flowers, but he’s not able to distinguish one from the other.
The opening of the homeless center has been a great success, he finds. With his part of the Stark fortune, Peter got together all the recourses needed to get everything they need to help the people out. There’s a large kitchen with lots of volunteers (the same volunteers as before, only this time everything they make is finally funded), and a whole lot of beds for them to sleep in during the colder nights. Other than that, there are lots of social workers who are prepared to help the people out and guide them back into the society.
“Because I like having you near?” Steve tries hopefully. Tony shakes his head, leaning forward until his helmet bumps against Steve.
“I am so happy to have been given such an wonderful friend like you,” Thor says, quickly pulling away again to look Steve into the eyes. “I am happy that you and Anthony have reconciled. I did not like seeing you so sad like you were the last time you were here.”
Her friend was exaggerating her looks a bit, but he meant well. Of course, she wasn’t ugly, her self-esteem wasn’t that low, besides, she was used to the attention of men. Well, mostly drunk men, but sometimes it annoyed her too. Like people weren’t always able to look passed her body and figure out her mind. She wasn’t an ‘easy’ woman, she had a lot of emotions with which she didn’t always knew how to act on them correctly. Though, she knew that most of the time, in the clothes she was wearing usually and the effort she didn’t put in her make-up at all, she looked like a hobo and she didn’t mind that at all.
. I tell you to stay away from this, instead you hacked a multi-million-dollar suit so you could sneak around behind my back doing the one thing I told you not to do.”
Without thinking much more about it, he starts to make his way back to that alley. Seeing as he’s done quite a distance with Cap’s bicycle, it’s a bit further away than he would have liked. That means that he’s going to have to walk all the way back.
!” Tony shouts again. Steve rolls his eyes, looking up and suddenly noticing Bruce and Peter standing there with their eyebrows raised. A bit of color comes up on Steve’s cheeks, and he chuckles hesitantly.
“Listen, Felicia, I would love to hang out but I do have a kind-of girlfriend, remember? I need to make sure she’s alright with this first,” Peter admits. Even where he stands he can see MJ walking over the campus. She’s surrounded by her classmates, only barely noticing him before she enters a building. She smiles and waves at him, but then she’s gone.
!” The Goblin sneers before throwing Peter away, literally. He feels himself fly in the air at an alarming speed, but it’s not long before the flying turns into falling. With trouble, he reaches up his arm to shoot out some webs towards a building that’s nearing, but in his horror he realizes that they don’t work. The Goblin must have broken them!
“I don’t know what I was expecting, but I guess I shouldn’t be surprised,” she says lowly. Then, giving the Cat a murdering look, she turns around, heading back into the hallway that leads to the living room. Peter jumps up on his feet, feeling the Cat’s hands grab his arm.
“Come with me for a second, Peter?” Mr. Stark asks, and Peter wants to laugh it out. For the entire week Peter has been working his ass off here at an internship he only got to be near this exact man, and now, after-hours, the guy just invites him up for, what? A drink? As if.
“I think we should disband the Revengers,” Thor said, ignoring their conversation and pulling Brunhilde and Yaël from their thoughts.
Tony is still in the bedroom, with his hands on his hips and his head turning to each wall as he inspects everything. Peter is all too aware of him.
It’s just in a passing; the familiar young but tired face of his previous best friend. Just a glimpse of it, in a small crowd that is walking out of the elevator.
“Oh, some sparring, huh? Beware, I don’t hold back,” the girl warns him. Peter ignores her, instead groaning when suddenly the soles of her shoe smash against his face. Instantly, he reaches for his head in search for the damage, but he quickly realizes he can’t see it just yet.
“You came to the funeral, didn’t you?” Tony asks. “I saw you, despite the fact that you wanted to make us think you weren’t there.”
“My biological dad, Tony Stark. I tried calling him but he seemed confused and hung up on me. And earlier I had Uncle Ben on the line, which isn’t possible, either.”
“Yeah, I’ve been in a commercial once when I was a kid,” he lies. It’s a stupid lie, because it’s possible one of these idiots will be looking for proof. “Nothing special, though, you can’t even find it on YouTube.”
“What?! Excuse me, I never look horrible, I’m fabulous!” Yaël said fictitiously-insulted. It was sweet to hear that Steve was still bad with thinking through his words when he’s tired.
Is he supposed to answer here? What’s going on? Is she on this again, with her conspiracies and shit?
“You know shaking the picture doesn’t do anything, right?” he says in a whisper, his face close to hers. MJ has her eyes half-shut, and her mouth put up into a smile.
“Stay out of this, Spider-boy,” somebody behind him says. Peter turns around, finding a man coming up to him. He’s dressed in the same fashion as Strange, only seeming to favor the green color. His eyes, somehow, are glowing the same color as well. He looks menacing, ready to kill who-ever he needs to get to Strange.
Steve doesn’t leave his side until Bruce arrives with the quinjet that will bring him back to the Tower. After that, he returns towards the fight, probably ready to give Peter a stern warning about his reckless behavior. Tony hopes it at least; he doesn’t feel like he’s ready to do it himself.
“Heck no, I’m not a goddess!” Yaël mumbled while trying to give the cloak back, but the woman put her hands against her back and shook her head with a sweet smile.
“Who’d you convince to even agree on going on a date with you?” Clint asks jokingly, taking another swing from his beer while Vision makes his move on the table.
Steve shrugs. “Sharon,” he says shortly. Had Tony been drinking, he would have spat it back out on Steve’s complete form.
Fury doesn’t speak, instead giving him that usual glare of his. On his way out, he quickly fishes out the same little device he used the first time he was on the Helicarrier back in his world. Now, instead of letting JARVIS process the files, everything gets into his head immediately. Maybe not the best idea to start multitasking at this point, but if needed he can just put the whole thing on hold until further notice.
“You alright?” he asks as Peter, Shuri and Mantis hurry up and walk in front of them, deep in discussion about something Shuri’s showing on her phone.
“Ah, y’know, an hour’so,” the very-drunk Davey or however his name is actually said mumbles out, pressing his face against Johnny’s shoulder and starting to nod off. After another eye-roll from the guy, Johnny, he gives him a gentle push to get his attention back.
motorcycle.” Nilla’s ‘innocent’ slaps were gone, instead she full forcedly punched Yaël in the face. Yaël felt blood drip out of the corner of her mouth.
Tony bites his lips together when he sees Wade look up at Steve, suddenly jumping up and down in excitement. Steve shakes a bit with the movement, but he, too, seems amused. It’s really a testament to the guy’s patience.
“Oh, uh, I’m sorry Mr. Stark. I’ll take that,” Peter excuses himself quickly, fishing his phone out of his bag and hurriedly. The man in front of him just looks at him in amusement. Seeing whose name is on the screen, he feels a sense of dread going through him. Adding another ‘sorry’ to his list of apologies, he presses on the ‘answer’ button, and holds the device to his ear. “Yeah?”
Some odd smell filled her nose as soon as she opened the door of her apartment. Yaël couldn’t really place the scent, though.
He’s been so close to losing Peter, today. Heck, it hasn’t even been a week since he found it out, and he’s already almost lost Peter once. It’s safe to say that he’s feeling like a pretty crap father right now.
“I don’t know,” Tony mutters out, taking one of the journals from the box and giving it a quick look. It dates back all the way to 1992, but the handwriting is familiar enough. These aren’t Richard Parker’s notes. This is all written by Mary.
He’ll stand by him. Forever, and ever and… Tony sighs happily against his mouth. When he hears somebody scrape his throat, the two pull apart, realizing that Peter is still sitting there awkwardly, kindly keeping his eyes averted.
“Yeah, you look like prom king, now let’s go,” he mutters, turning around so fast that it’s clear he’s in a hurry. Peter runs after him after making sure his wallet is still in his pocket. He wonders if Johnny is going to bring along another girl tonight. Then he wonders where Johnny keeps on finding them. Especially since he’s almost slept his way through all of the university.
The moment Tony kneels down to pull out on of the boxes he feels a wet nose against his arm, followed by a small tongue licking his skin. Tony looks sideways to find the little brown Labrador Retriever breathing heavily at his side, tail waggling happily.
And it’s true, Peter feels a constant urge to head out, to get away from these people. There’s something knocking behind his mind, trying to sink into his thoughts and prevent him from doing anything more. It’s really distracting, but Peter can’t give in. He keeps on fighting it, despite the headache it brings him.
to know if Steve deliberately didn’t tell him about this. If Steve was aware that his parents were, in fact,
“Sir, it would be best if you leave the room,” the male nurse says. Tony nods hesitantly before heading out. He casts another short look behind him before he closes the door, letting the medical staff do what they do best. He isn’t too surprised when he sees Strange storm through the hallway. Without speaking a word to Tony, he enters the room, closing it behind him.
” The real Yaël hid her face even more. They somehow managed to sound more and more wasted and childish every second, slurring their words and articulating like a toddles.
,” Zemo continues, suddenly lighting up a control room he’s hiding inside of. Out of reflex, Steve throws his shield towards him, but it bounces off the wall and comes back to him without having caused any damage. “
Steve says, though he sounds like he’s laughing a bit. Peter doesn’t know, he can’t see him from here. “
“I suggest you tell him to hand back the suit. You’re the most experienced here, so I suggest you hold it until you deem him ready to wear it again,” Gilette says. Ross breaks eye-contact then, turning to the woman with a mouth fallen open.
“They needed help. I passed my test, after all,” Peter interrupts him. “Now, stop struggling and let’s get this show on the road, shall we?”
“We’ll figure it out. We can still ask Scott if he could help us,” Steve assures him. Tony lets out a shaky breath, but then he nods as well. And if Scott can’t help – it’s still a long way back, after all – he’ll just invent something. He’ll sneak that time stone out of the Sanctorum and he’ll analyze it, and he’ll work his fucking ass off to get something working.
Dr. Cho nods, cleaning her hands once more and taking out the stuff she needs to collect blood. Peter hasn’t had his blood checked ever since he became Spider-Man, afraid of what people may find when they take a closer look at it.
He’s even less inclined to speak up on the days Mr. Stark isn’t feeling too well. Today is one of those days.
What was he thinking, even? Saying Dum-E’s name has probably been the dumbest thing in the world; who would believe Mr. Stark would actually call his very first robot like that? Who even in this class has had the chance of meeting Mr. Stark in person?
He’s staying with Peter during the night. For his own safety, Peter’s put on lockdown to prevent him from sleepwalking again. It’s actually per Peter’s request that they do this, so nobody complains about it. In shifts from two hours every time, two people keep an eye on Peter. Tony is first, like he requested. When Peter goes to bed, still shook from the entire day and at the verge of tears at the realization that a lot of things have happened out of his control, Tony takes place on the bed right next to Peter, only lying on top of the covers, and while Peter tries to sleep Tony passes his hand through Peter’s messy hair, kissing him on the top of his head once or twice.
Tony says, and then he starts explaining what he’s currently working on. Peter takes it all in, listening to all the engineering explanations that he understands so perfectly. He adds his own little commentary, giving pointers where he thinks they are necessary.
Also, I'm sorry I'm giving you all this drama. Things really are going to get better after a while. It's just not SOON
Tony wakes up again the next morning when a nurse comes to attach what seems like a new IV bag. Still groggy, his question as to what it is isn’t understood, and all the woman does is put her hand on his forehead and fish out another thermometer to check his temperature.
Okay, so the first week, Peter thought it was normal; sure, the guy might be abroad to take care of some business. Or maybe there’s some Avengers-business to take care of? Some evil bad guy far away that they need to take care of, first.
Out of the blue, someone stomped her extremely hard against her head. She smacked against the floor and grunted.
“What?” Did he mean what she thought he meant? “You’re not going to tell Stark?” Her mouth fell open as he shook his head.
“Then explain it to me, Steve. We can’t come to an understanding if you’re not talking to me.” There’s a pleading in Tony’s voice that surprises Peter. What’s going on between them? “I know you’re sulking all the time. You lie awake at night, thinking about something that is obviously bothering you. I can’t give you a solution if you don’t tell me.”
“I’m hopeless? I’m pretty sure something’s burning back there,” Tony points out when he catches that stingy smell. Steve pulls away rather quickly, running back to the kitchenette and actually getting out a few curses that make Tony feel all tingly inside.
Tony turns around at last, and the camera turns to show Steve on the other side of the room finishing up a cookie. The three men sigh and slap their forehead.
“Johnny?” he asks, trying to be louder than the noise around him. While they might have contained the music, the people talking are still loud enough to make his ears start ringing.
He wants to tell him that he can’t, that there’s something in the way, but when he feels again, he finds that whatever has been in his throat is now gone. He coughs some more, letting everything out that has been piling inside.
Steve doesn’t react other than shifting his head until it’s turned to the other side, gazing into the empty hallway while he puts his hands on his hips.
She guesses none of them will actually grow up one day. Eventually, she nods towards Steve, who nods in return. Then the two of them get out of the kitchen, clearly tired of the awkwardness in the room. They need a good sparring after this.
“I carried you here,” he answered without further explanation. But Yaël knew that it meant Lopt had climbed down loose rocks with her lifeless body on his back. They were standing at the opening of the cave, it was pouring rain outside. A bit further in the cave, they saw light flickering in the darkness.
“Well, uh… okay… so will you tell me the deal between you and my cousin, now? I mean, I know she was crushing on you pretty hard in my world, but that never really became a thing…?”
Steve grumbles for a moment longer before he loosens his arms again, accepting the position Tony is trying to achieve. With Tony’s back pressed against Steve’s chest, the super-soldier takes his hands once again into his own.
“What, so you weren’t Gwen’s boyfriend two years ago?” Eddie bites at him. Peter presses his lips together, suddenly putting two and two together. He meant Stacey, not Stacy. He was talking about Gwen. Peter feels his body go cold, the buzz that had been hanging over him suddenly dissipating while he comes to his senses a little bit.
“Peter! Can you come and prepare the snacks!” May shouts from the kitchenette. Peter nods, excusing himself from the woman Bruce brought along, and then hurrying towards his aunt who presses some bowls into his hands. “Harry, dear, can you take Bruce’s bowl to the kitchen, please?”
Peter picks up his bag to put the papers away. After that, he fishes out the copy of his schedule that he made in the library earlier. He gives it a short look before handing it to Mr. Stark. The man doesn’t take it from him, instead pointing towards the desk in a motion that he should just put it there.
Could that be why Tony’s been acting so weird since the war? It couldn’t be, right? Tony couldn’t have used it for more than three minutes maybe, using Thanos’ own weapon against him.
“Oh, hi,” Peter greets her with a smile, holding up a hand in a wave. In all honesty, he wouldn’t have thought she’d even talk to him again. “How are you?”
“You okay, Tony?” Rhodey asks. Tony shifts his head a bit, crosses his arms again and steps towards the window.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Tony tells him genuinely, earning him a small nod from the teenager. “How would you describe your living-situation?”
As it turns out, ‘thinking it over’ is mostly just Rhodey and Sam arguing about it while Steve is on the couch, reading the accords in that super-speed tempo of his. And as the argument lasts for almost twenty minutes, Tony finds himself lying back on the couch with his hand covering his face.
And with that, the other figure disappears again, and Peter finds himself seeing six fingers dancing in front of him.
“Hey Spider-Man,” suddenly comes out from a rooftop he only just passed. It’s only because of his enhanced hearing that he even heard it in the first place. Peter stops in his tracks, swinging himself back to the source of the voice.
Eventually, because Tony is the best protected of all of them, he suggests going first. With his right hand raised and ready to shoot, he walks ahead of them to where Barnes tells him to go. They pass some more rooms, finding some broken windows and destruction at some places. Tony can see Barnes is feeling extremely ill at ease being back here.
“Is this really necessary?” Tony hears Steve ask. When he looks into the mirror, he sees Steve next to him, looking unhappy. Tony reaches out his hand, and when Steve sees it he holds out his as well.
It aches, to see his boy like this. Peter, the usual cheerful and happy boy, is now so down and broken. Whenever he’s not crying, he’s shouting and blaming himself for anything that’s happened. When he manages to sleep, it’s not long until he’s awakened by nightmares. When they get him to eat something, he’s almost lifeless and pale as he sits at the table.
Tony holds up his hand. Steve needs to stop right now. If he hears even a little bit of his voice, Tony’s mind will probably just explode on the spot.
“It’s no big deal,” he confirms Peter’s thoughts. It’s almost as if the guy read Peter’s thoughts. “I figured you would enjoy this small trip as well.”
“But you’ve also injected yourself with an unknown sustenance, straight into your spine, and put yourself into a coma. The only reason you are awake is because your AI spent the entire rest of the day working her metaphorical ass off to wake you up.”
But Peter didn’t mind; he wasn’t feeling too well after all. Not because he got sick or anything, but because his body was slowly changing – the spider had bit him, altering his DNA. The morning after, he practically wrecked his bathroom. He had to control the powers.
“How did you do that?” Peter then asks. Tony shakes his head, scraping his throat and attempting to hold back a sob.
“He, uh, he used override codes to get an early access. The suit then aided him in his search for this Vulture-guy,” Tony clarifies.
After getting a kiss of his own, Sharon walks off towards where Steve and Sam are standing and Peter tries desperately to get a look of recognition from Steve. It’s hopeless, though, when Steve doesn’t even turn around to see him.
“Dr. Palmer just went inside; she’s the one who took care of him in the ER. You can go inside if you want to,” May continues, walking up to the room she just left and opening the door. It’s not like it’s impossible to look inside, since there are no walls but only windows. It’s the best way for the nurses to see what’s happening to their patients after all. The closer Peter gets, the better he can see his father lying in his bed, with Happy standing by his side. And…
“I’m postponing being single again,” Tony answers sadly. His head goes down, chin resting against his chest and eyes closed. His hands are stuck in his pocket; his cellphone is turned off, and only an Avenger-emergency could turn it back on again.
He can hear them talking lowly, but clearly they’re deep in conversation. Peter doesn’t want to disturb them, but he still finds himself a tiny bit curious as to what exactly is going on, so he leans against the wall without making a sound, turning his head enough so he can hear everything that they’re talking about.
“So basically, I’m a horrible father because I didn’t do enough to fix his best friend?” Tony mutters out bitterly. Steve shakes his head.
The two nod, and quickly they set up a line. After that, Felicia runs towards the stairs where MJ is still looking at them. Peter feels a bit relieved when he sees her handing MJ a gun of sorts. After that, he returns back to the enemy. Venom seems pissed off now. That’s dangerous. A pissed off enemy is often unpredictable, able to do
Steve’s married? Tony’s eyes quickly turn to the man in question, finding that Steve is clearly avoiding looking at him.
“Hold it,” Loki countered “Remember when I told you to stay on the ship and that I, when you didn’t, said you couldn’t blame me for getting into this fight?” Loki said dryly. Yaël threw him a sarcastic glance, then signed at Thor to resume telling his plans. Somehow, Loki always managed to be extremely, annoyingly blunt and for some reason, Yaël wouldn’t want him to change that, even though it made her sometimes want to scratch his eyes out.
“I didn’t join the fight! What do you want me to do, evaluate you through what I’m hearing there? Besides, the kid needed me more than you did!”
“Scotty, my man!” Wade yelled as someone behind the door was making such angry noises it almost sounded like roaring. How did Wade succeed in making Wolverine mad in the two seconds she had been sitting in the kitchen? Logan’s claws penetrated the wood, making splinters flying around everywhere.
To be fair, he’s really going to the library today. But if he’s checking his appearance out in the mirror to make sure that he’s not looking too much like a loser (though that’s pretty much a hopeless case to begin with), nobody needs to know, right?
Peter can’t see a thing. The parachute completely surrounding him, he continues with his fall until there’s a hard blow on his back. There’s tears forming in his eyes, and suddenly water is coming from everywhere. The suit is a lot of things, but not waterproof. For rain maybe, yeah, but not for being dropped into a damn lake!
Tony just pushes the journal in Strange’s face. “Read this bit here,” he says, pointing that the paragraph that he wants the wizard to look over. Strange takes the journal, and gives it a quick read.
Johnny doesn’t respond to that, but just keeps staring. It’s a little bit unnerving, Peter finds, but he doesn’t mention it. Instead he clears his throat and puts on his coat. Grabbing his cellphone back from where he’d thrown it on the bed, he opens up his arms and gives Johnny a questioning look.
“I’m here, babe,” Tony tells him with a wink. Steve looks up immediately, but Tony’s not sure he can see him. “Come here for a sec, honey.”
“Parker, Jones, come over here,” Tony says while waving them on. Peter and MJ move forward until they’re standing right next to them. “These are Peter and Michelle, my best two interns.”
“It’s not like that, Tony. I don’t hold it against you,” Steve utters back, still holding on to his arms. “I need you with me, I want you, only you!”
“I, uh,” Steve starts, stammering out his words. “Likewise,” he finishes. Tony just snorts. He pecks him one last time, but eventually pulls back completely to focus back on the road. Traffic is starting to move forward again, so he prepares himself to accelerate.
Yaël got visited by Vision again, but this time she asked him to leave her bedroom after he broke the news to her that she should stay inside for a little while, just like Wanda. This time, she wasn’t stuck in a glass cage, but the compound felt like a cage anyways after Vision’s words.
“Welcome,” Strange suddenly says, removing the portal behind them. Nobody says anything in return. Instead, Steve walks towards an empty corner where he carefully puts Peter back down. Tony jumps back out of his suit, dropping the shield again. He can’t be next to Peter too soon. Taking his boy back into his arms, he takes Peter’s hand and puts his fingers against his lips.
Peter’s mouth drops open before he closes it again, shaking his head quickly and giving them a glare.
“Hmm…good, with a bit luck they don’t recognize me anymore,” Yaël whispered as she knocked on one of the hundreds of doors in the hallway. She knew exactly where they were: The maidens’ floor. Luckily nobody opened the door.
Now I'm just about ready to sleep, I've almost fallen asleep three times in the past half hour, so it's probably time. My bed is already inviting me back in!
When he wasn’t phoning with some important chief, he took a few minutes to call up Peter. It had been good to hear his voice, find something familiar in this group of people where he knows absolutely nobody. Sure, Natasha is here, but when have they ever been
“Don’t worry, next time I’ll ask him if you can come along. Maybe we can get all of the Avengers to join,” Peter assures him. Ned, being Ned, starts waving his arms excitedly again. He’s such a fanboy.
“Yeah, I’ve been, uh, sick…” she had answered. He had carefully nodded to that, like he had unraveled what she meant by that, faced forward again and kept walking.
In the blink of an eye, a beam of light shone down from the sky. Thor made clear that Loki had done that too early as the beam suddenly sucked up the two boys. Hela simply disappeared, so Yaël finally stood up and stared at the beam that seemed to get closer to her.
“Hey, I’m right here, you know?” Peter quickly mutters in annoyance, tired of everybody treating him like a kid all the time.
“Glad to be back,” he says. He comes to realize that, if he’d been a normal kid that would never have gotten his powers, this is probably something very exciting that would be happening in his life. Of course, he’s Tony Stark’s son and also has kind of been living with the Avengers for a few weeks, so normal isn’t really something he can relate to, anymore.
Michelle turns around, facing the man lying on the ground. He looks about two years older than they are. Probably some college-drop-out that has devoted his life for drugs instead. He looks the type.
? It could be because he’s been a complete asshole towards the few friends he has left, though of course ‘friends’ should be changed into ‘friend’, and maybe just be limited to ‘Natasha Romanoff’, who surprisingly didn’t kill him on the spot, but instead provided him a look into her past.
“C’mon, let’s see what he wants,” Tony says while taking Pepper’s hand into his own again. She has no idea where Tony’s heading to, but she guesses it’s the workshop Steve is at. It makes sense to find him, though; he’s the last of the Avengers they have to greet.
So he takes another shortcut; going through more gardens, and ruining even more parties, scaring other kids and dogs. After a while, he switches to going through the roofs. He catches up to the car, makes his jump-
“I don’t know,” Peter mutters. “Put up Star Trek or something. The one with the actor that looks like Strange.”
“The wound’s pretty fine,” he answers, gently rubbing the scar and pretending to wince. “It’s not long until I can go back to gym.”
“Can you hold this for a moment, please?” he asks him. Bruce nods, taking it from Tony and giving him a wink. Tony rolls his eyes once again before taking Steve’s hand into his own.
Peter shakes his head, taking a few deep breaths to calm his mind. A good rub in his eyes can probably remove the image of the Goblin out from his mind.
But the Merc with a mouth kept feeding her drinks. Of course, Yaël could’ve stopped drinking at some point, but she simply didn’t. Was it out of frustration or something? Even she didn’t know, instead just keeping on drinking with zero fucks to give.
She didn’t know that book, but it surely looked old. The papers were yellowed, and the cover looked like it had gone through a war.
know… He won’t remember this. He won’t know what I’ve said. And at least this way…” Steve doesn’t continue. Instead, he reaches out a hand towards Tony’s face as well.
“So you hate sex. Big deal,” she says like it’s indeed not that big of a deal. Peter’s mouth falls open, eyes wide, at the flippant way she just seems to dismiss his problem.
“FRI, can you try and connect with the nanites?” Tony asks, only noticing then how scratchy his voice sounds.
to school to know what that means,” Mr. Stark grumbles back. Then he gets an angry look from the other man, who seems like he’s at the verge of striking Mr. Stark down as well.
Now, that shocked Yaël. Hell, it even stressed her out. She knew what it felt like to be looked at like being a beast instead of a person. The girl wasn’t allowed to leave the compound anymore, like a teen that got grounded. It was clear that Wanda didn’t want to talk about it, so Yaël supported her in small ways, like whispering to her she should keep her back straight when they crossed each other in the hallways or playing chess together in Wanda’s bedroom. Wanda knew that Yaël sympathized enormously with her.
“The New York Sanctorum. Jesus, do you have difficulties in paying attention maybe?” Dr. Strange asks. Peter throws a glare his way, but the man doesn’t see it. He gets onto the stairwell and starts going upstairs. There are even more artifacts there. Peter halts a bit at a large sword. Curiosity gets the better of him and he takes it into his hand. It’s lighter than he’d expected. He starts swinging around a bit with it, suddenly feeling like a badass Ninja.
“You’ve made a surprising recovery, Peter,” Dr. Cho starts. Peter nods in agreement, trying to pretend not to know anything about it. “The bruises on your face have faded already more than they should have in just a week, and this wound… The stitches could have been removed three days ago, I think.”
Tony pulls him even closer, putting his head against Peter’s chest. Maybe he can hear it, right? He can focus on the sound, can drown out everything else until he finds the heartbeat. With his ear pressed on Peter’s ribcage, he listens. And he waits, for the one pump of Peter’s heart that will indicate that he’s alright.
Okay, so this was Yael’s deathbed. She was sure about it. It was her choice, she pulled this innocent teenager into his own death. Peter jumped forward, trying to steer the car away from the people. Yaël tried to clear her mind and help him in the only way she could. There was an old lady crossing the road, there was no way they could still avoid her with this car driving so fast, without control.
The two give each other a wide smile, and then they continue their dinner. Tony doesn’t touch his glass at all, his mind on Peter each time he eyes the red wine inside of it.
bad,” Steve says with a laugh. Tony rolls his eyes, pointing back at the robes that Thor had brought to their room. They went to bed late last night, after making sure that Peter’s well, and since they’re allowed to sleep in this morning, it has mostly just been a good bit of catching up. And not just with words.
Tony shrugs. “I just… I don’t want you to take care of him out of some sense of duty towards me,” he admits.
“I know, it’s just… I don’t know,” Peter mutters back, deciding to bite his tongue about it. “It’s like everybody just… leaves, you know?”
Peter eventually puts the paper aside to start on the distribution. Gesturing Miles to follow him, they take the plates to the great hall where they put them back down on the large tables. MJ is already there, preparing some glasses of water. She’s talking to May Parker who doesn’t look like she got out of her scrubs after work.
“I know you’re sorry,” Steve says calmly. “I’m sorry, too. I knew you weren’t alright, but I didn’t do anything.”
“He’s been drinking again. He hasn’t drunk in months and suddenly he did it again. I don’t understand why- He was doing better, Steve!”
“So this is the plan,” Yaël opened the door herself and walked in, Lopt followed her into the room as she explained herself.
“No, I should stay with Tony, make sure he doesn’t hurt himself,” Steve counters. Peter can understand that. He pulls his shirt off from over his head and loses his pants. Throwing his clothes over the couch, he pulls his mask out of the pockets of his hoodie.
“Huh, even your nose-hair is blond. Who would have guessed?” Tony muttered out, and Steve’s hand automatically goes up to shield his nose away from Tony’s observing eyes.
“Okay, this must be a joke, right?” Sam wonders in confusion. James shrugs, clearly not getting it, either. After that, the video moves to the last part of the dvd. Here they are back in the bedroom. Tony’s on his belly, clearly shirtless. He’s leaning on his elbows while he looks straight ahead.
“That’s understandable,” Steve tells him. Then, at last, there’s a sudden hand touching Tony’s shoulder. Without thinking of it, Tony leans a bit to the side, dropping his head back until it’s resting against Steve’s chest. The man, in return, lowers his hand until it’s on the small of Tony’s back.
“No,” the man said quietly. Yaël heard a blast somewhere. The sound of splintering pieces of wood sounded as softly as a drizzle onto a roof. There were tears in Cem’s eyes. “You know I didn’t want to leave you behind like that, right? Alone and abandoned in the woods…”
"Don't worry, I'm making sure that everyone can see me," Charles said as he spread one of his arms on the back of the bench.
“And then he just- he just, like, swooped out like a monster and picked me up and I- he- he- flew me up to like a thousand feet and just dropped me!” Peter finishes the story. “How’d you find me? Did you put a tracker in my suit or something?”
“Uh, let him up,” Tony says quickly. Alternate Steve, here? What does he want? Do they actually get along, perhaps?
“I think you know you shouldn’t punch kids, and I know that kid pushed your buttons that day. I’m not saying that excuses you, but… I guess what I’m trying to say is that I’m not so sure I wouldn’t have punched him either had I been in your shoes,” Tony says while cleaning up the mess and closing the first aid box again. Before he heads back to the counter, he turns to Peter and puts a hand on his shoulder. “If you ever… want to tell me about what happened in that bell-tower, I will listen.”
“He’ll be fine eventually. It’s just… a little setback in his revalidation, so to say,” Tony clarifies. Peter hears the two men coming closer. Due to his enhanced hearing, he knows that Tony is reaching out to him, so he keeps himself from startling when Tony gently goes through his hair. “He’s a strong kid. I’m sure he’ll pull himself out of this one.”
Steve just glares at Tony, hands the shield to Peter and then goes to where he must be instructed to go. After that, the curtains fall much like LL said they would. And as LL starts asking why Tony chose that song, and how long it took them to practice it, Tony can’t help but feel extremely curious as to what exactly Steve is going to do.
Nilla shrugged. “Buried alive in the backyard of the castle, the usual way they deal with traitors.” The most disrespectful way to die on Helvegen. She got buried. Alive. Just like the King had almost done to Yaël. But why would he do that, if the Queen still needed Yaël? Or maybe the King wasn’t really informed about the Queen’s plans?
“Peter! I didn’t know you were here, too?” Sharon asks in surprise. Natasha winks at him and then throws her arm over his shoulder. “What are you doing the entire day?”
By the time he was downstairs, her heart was only beating very softly. Blood started flowing from her nose, and in his arms, she died.
“I… have no warm water, which I can fix, of course, with my powers, you know… but I was a bit, eh, annoyed.”
Still, he does make his way inside and instantly moves to the reception. The lady behind the desk just drops down the phone when he gets to her, and her smile is bright as she looks upon him.
“Who do you mean?” he asks. If Harry caught her staring, that means he knows who the other guy might be, right? To be fair, Peter never really noticed her doing that, but it’s not like he tries to pay attention to her all the time. That would be weird, after all.
, Lord Asshole.” Loki frowned and pointed at her, but got interrupted as he opened his mouth to give her an ugly answer.
Steve was a good replacement for all of that cheesy stuff…but that was not what crept into Yaël’s head.
“Oh, I’m sorry for mentioning that, then,” he says, actually sounding apologetic. Peter just shakes his head and waves it off.
“Ah, you thought I wouldn’t know? My hearing is better than normal, and the nurses talk. Of course I know about everything.”
“That’s strange, your beliefs never laid with Jesus.” Yaël turned her head. There he stood, not Steve, but the black-haired man. He was wearing some kind of brown, worn cloak which covered his whole body, so she couldn’t see what else he was wearing underneath. She couldn’t even see his feet by the length of the thing. Yaël had the feeling that Steve wouldn’t enter these kinds of dreams anymore now that she remembered him.
As they walk further inside, a couple of yellow lights turn on. Barnes tenses up next to him, and Tony realizes they must be cryo-tubes. There are people inside of them, but as far as he can see they’re not moving. It could be a trap, he realizes.
“Nothing yet. Short of travelling back in time and prevent Thanks from ever getting all these Infinity Stones,” Loki offers.
And so they move Peter’s stuff down. Peter sleeps through the whole process, and before Tony leaves he offers his son a kiss on the forehead. He knows he’s safe with Bruce; even if Bruce were to
“Hey!” Wade yelled as his hand froze. Yaël was perfectly capable of steering this power without using her hands, but using them was easier and made her more in control of her powers. Fire and water she could steer the smoothest. She could use these with just a blink of her eyes. Earth or stone was a bit harder, because of being a literal hard element. With this element, she always needed to move a limb as it felt heavy to manipulate this element. But air… that was a complete shit-element. Whatever she did with it, it always ended with a struggle, a fail or tiredness.
“It was great; I took him and his Aunt to Disneyland, and I suppose we’ve got our first father-son picture together, though there’s the two large plush-mice to consider.”
Steve sits down just as Tony opens up the box, showing the two historical pens Howard somehow got his hands on. The moment Tony had found it, he thought about showing it to Steve. Of course, with Steve mostly away on missions, Tony kind of forgot about it until he found it again right before he left.
“My, my, it must be my birthday,” Tony says before walking towards the rails. When he takes a good look at it, he does notice the lines that show where the plates separate. If he can find the source of the signal that brings it up, he might be able to open the thing again.
“I was perfectly fine with you being the loser, Parker,” Eddy grunts out. He throws another punch, but Peter evades it easily, jumping out of Eddie’s hold by crawling down, sliding between his legs and jumping back up. Eddie looks confused for a second before he turns around to face him again. “I felt enough pleasure at knowing your life was miserable even more than mine was.”
Not that Peter would allow anybody to hurt him again. Peter’s been trained now, and hopefully he’ll be even more trained after the Accords will be changed and Natasha will be able to come back.
“It’s good now,” Johnny says at last, dropping his hands and letting out a long breath. Turning off his own flames, he walks back towards the others. Standing next to Peter, he holds out his hand to help him up. Peter gratefully takes the aid.
Aunt May frowns and tilts her head to the side. “You know I went to the hairdresser yesterday before work, Peter. Don’t try to distract me, what’s in that box?”
“He- uh… he told me, after I- you know,” Sharon admits. “Said that you were together, that he couldn’t do it to you. Then he started crying, because he thought he lost you.”
MJ is reading a book. It’s alright, Peter is glad that she isn’t one who needs constant physical contact. Keeping their hands to each other, Peter tries to read along to what she’s reading.
By the time the taxi stops in front of the apartment, Peter hands the driver the money before crawling out of the car. Normally he takes the stairs to get up, but this time he decides to go for the elevator and spare himself the trouble.
“These kids don’t appreciate a good story,” Tony mumbles. Steve snorts while he, too, starts to collect his stuff. It was his last class of the day, so now they can head home again.
“Friday eve is my moment of me-time! Cap planned it in that way! Besides, it’s still my week with Wanda AND it’s already 9pm.” Steve had given her off on Fridays, because she needed some spare-time and she was always way to tired, thus unfocussed, after a week of working.
Peter’s backpack is thrown in his bedroom where two male adults are sleeping in his bed. He doesn’t stay there long. That’s why he doesn’t notice the black goo, that had attached itself on the underside of the bag, creeping inside.
“What’s going on here, are you keeping Ned from hanging out with me?” Peter asks, putting his hands on his hips as he tries to look taller than he is. Like this, he only realizes all the more how much smaller he is in comparison to Flash.
Peter puts his hands on the Goblin’s, trying to pull them away from him. His feet are struggling to break him free, but instead he’s sinking further into the ground. His lungs start to sting, running empty of air. He can’t speak, breathe, and he can slowly feel his force leaving him.
Steve gives him a strange look as he speaks, and Peter feels his face redden. He only wished he’d figure it out before Steve got there. Now the man might ask questions as to how Peter even knows this code.
There's probably a whole lot of things I haven't addressed. Writing stories during my internship isn't really the best idea in the world, probably! If there's some things I've missed, don't be afraid to point those out and I'll clarify them in the timestamps!
The next day, Peter feels a whole lot stronger for some reason. He gets some breakfast in, greets everybody and ignores the curious looks he’s getting from the others.
Peter’s at home. That’s good. He’s been in contact with a few of the researchers a few days back. They asked him if he was alright with letting Osborn Junior go to school. Tony doesn’t remember much of it, but he figures it might do Peter good to have him back at his side. He looked happier when he was here a few hours back.
Peter startles when he’s suddenly pushed onto the ground. Hissing at the pain in his side, he’s about ready to start shouting curses at the person who made him fall until he realizes who is standing there.
“No, Steve. What you need is to sleep, rest, and wait for some news. There’s nothing you can do there.”
“Look honey! He’s capable of looking things up on the internet! Maybe eventually you will learn, too!” Best to bring back the banter; right now, he feels like that all he can bring up, really. There will be a time for a more serious talk, but right now, that’s not it.
“Now,” the nurse said when she was done patching up Yaël’s hand once again “Don’t you dare to move!” And with that, the nurse walked out of the room, followed by Loki walking in.
promise to her father; to keep her out of everything. He had tried, but not enough. He gave in to temptation, made her part of his life.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter asks when he sees that the man hasn’t moved in the past hour. He’s leaning forward on his desk, head resting on his hands and elbows on the table. At first, Peter thought he had been sleeping, but after walking by a few times he saw that his eyes were open. Whatever it is, it seems to be taking all of his attention.
Eventually, Thor leaves, announcing that he’ll be heading to Bruce’s next. Steve and Tony wave him off. Once the King is gone, the two shake their heads in amusement. Steve, holding Tony’s hand into his own, chuckles again while leaning forward to kiss his cheek. He feels Tony’s dark eyelashes against his cheek in the process.
“’m feeling fine. Time to take the stitches out, right?” Peter asks happily. He’s glad to be rid of them, since they itch a bit. His wound is literally too healed up to keep them in.
Ned comes to him during lunch, asking him what is wrong. He even gets a strange look from this Michelle-girl – who is apparently on his school as well, what are the odds? Teachers often have to pull him out of his thoughts, and he almost got himself another detention, but eventually the day is finished and he gets to go home again.
“Look, don’t you have some sort of sleeping medicine?” Yaël asked, acknowledging why she had been seeing dead relatives and friends again. She hadn’t been taking her medicines in ages.
“NOBODY’S GETTING MARRIED! LET ME GET READY DAMN IT!” Steve shouts, hurrying towards bathroom with their bedsheet wrapped all around him. Tony just smirks, finding an angry Steve all too adorable.
FRIDAY tells him. Tony nods, walking through his workshop and quickly checking if everything is still alright here. Then he moves out, takes the elevator up, and walks straight into the living room. So Peter’s on the couch, Tony isn’t going to wake him just yet. There’s a talk they’re going to have here, and Tony knows it’s not going to be a pleasant one. Too much crap has happened – so much that even Tony can’t really think much about it.
A quick look at his watch warns him that he has one more hour left before he has to leave for the pizzeria again. He lets out a long sigh, wondering when he would ever just get some free time. With a loud grunt, he drops himself on the couch, forgetting about the box full of books and instead turning on the TV.
Immediately after T’Challa, Shuri comes walking out. She’s wearing a white dress with her hair hanging loose over her shoulders in hundreds of small braids. The moment she sees Peter she grins and waves at him.
“You know, just the usual things. How did I get dragged into this? How am I going to make it out of this shit. How I wasn’t there for you when I clearly saw you needed my help.”
“Then how is it that even the best scientists that have been working for Stark Industries can’t recreate this device even
“I’m sure that’s a possibility, but that’s why there will be two of you,” Rhodey says then. Peter opens up the curtain of the shower to give Rhodey another confused look.
“You mean that guy you keep talking about? ‘He just never wants to join me! Why wouldn’t Peter come along?’ I tell you, man, it’s almost like this guy is actually secretly in love with you or something,” Davey slurs out, not even trying to be quiet about it. Johnny rolls his eyes again, pushing Davey even more to the side.
“No, no it’s fine,” Tony assures him. He goes to sit down again immediately, and decides it’s better to just go on. Better to get this one over with so he can start grieving one more person. As if he isn’t already grieving enough. “Now, I’m going to ask you a few questions, and I’d like to know your household’s income to see if you actually qualify for this internship. If you brought that in paper, that would be great, but if not we can look it up together.”
Yaël wandered between the students, checking on what they were drawing. Of course every single one of them drew better than she did. Well, Yaël actually sucked at the both subjects she gave, but the teens didn’t care at all. At some point, X came in during Music Education to check how she liked her new job.
Whatever Mr. Stark is saying, Peter opens his eyes to see them nearing Stark Tower once more. The Goblin is probably long gone, Peter doesn’t know really. Right now, all he wants is to feel the ground under his feet, to be safe within four walls, even if there’s a stupid clock ticking in his ears for the entire day.
By the time they get there, a couple of the Avengers are already there. The Guardians are already out, talking to the others. There’s Gamora and Nebula, in conversation with Natasha and Hilde. Then there’s Quill with Tony and Steve. Rocket is once again trying to convince Bucky to hand over his arm – without much success, though. Draxx, Mantis and Groot are mostly just standing there awkwardly, unknowing of who to talk to. That is, until Groot notices Yaël and Raido and creates a flower to give to them. Yaël smiles at the walking tree, getting a smile in return.
“He even left the phone here, said that he didn’t want to take it with him,” Happy says, nodding towards Tony’s nightstand where, indeed, a phone is resting along with a charger.
part of the Avengers…” Steve acknowledges, having read it before in Tony’s files. “You got kidnapped, built yourself a super-suit and broke yourself free… When did we meet, then?”
“Yes way, I know you like your high-tech stuff. Got a raise from work and figured you could use something better than that piece of crap you’ve been repairing for the past two years.”
Tony huffs out a breath, disbelieving of what May is trying to tell him. “As if. I haven’t spoken to him in 2 weeks because he was angry at me and didn’t want to talk to me.” Tony looks back down at his boy, continuing his strokes through Peter’s hair and happy to see his peaceful face as he sleeps.
“If we play our cards right, we’ll all get through this unscathed,” Natasha assures him. Tony nods, but only slightly.
“How about you try to find out?” she says in a low voice. When he feels a hand suddenly reaching for the underside of his mask, he finds himself alarmed.
As it turns out, they’re some sort of small community, or so they say. It’s something Peter hasn’t heard of before, and most of them admitted that they were surprised Peter hadn’t found anything about it on the internet.
“Listen, Tony, we’re going to have to talk about this, seriously. But not today,” Pepper finally says. She pulls him back up on his feet and pushes him towards the bathroom where Rhodey apparently already started up the shower.
Peter drops the phone, jumping back up on his feet and turning towards the source of the sound. Much to his surprise, there’s MJ, dressed in an apron with messy hair. She looks very much the way she always does. Once upon a time, that might have frightened Peter. Now he only finds it endearing to her character.
Steve opens his eyes, giving Tony a small smile. Then he lifts up his hand, passing a finger over the side of Tony’s face, pushing a few strands of hair away from his path.
But there were days when Aunt Peggy asked him to come over. Mostly it was another attempt of hers to make him get along with her kids, but everybody knew that they never really got along. So while his cousins were off playing whatever they found interesting to play with, Tony asked for stories.
“Oh, and remember that one time when-“ Harry continues their banter, and Peter goes with it. They’ve been going back and forth, talking about their past and the fun memories they have from it. Peter happily indulges him, because this feels good. After all, how long has it been since he’s had a good conversation with Harry?
“Freeing my father,” she clarified. “He’s in jail for a crime he didn’t do. Somebody bribed the judge. I’m going to buy his freedom back.”
“Or the woman with the dark clothes, who seems to live with the motorcycle-man.” Wanda. “And of course the man in the wheelchair. And not to forget, the man with the weird skin condition.” Yaël snorted.
“I know, it looks heavy, doesn’t it?” Steve takes a couple of pictures before handing her back the phone. She quickly gives him back the shield, and Steve hesitates for a few seconds before putting it on Tony’s magnet on his back. Tony snorts.
Holy shit, what if Johnny has been with this inside him all the time and always kept it in? Were all those one-night-stands distractions? Ways to make Peter think that he’s not at all interested? Or was it just a way for Johnny to distract himself? Shit, shit, shit. Peter hates this.
“Oh, what about the time I found you in the lab? Or that one time you left the bathroom unlocked? Even on the damn balcony, guys! The training room, your office, the freaking garage... It’s not normal anymore!” Peter can’t help but feeling extremely annoyed. He knows it’s normal that they like to have some fun, but he just can’t help it. Even the thought of it annoys him a whole lot.
“What did he do?” Natasha asks. Tony shakes his head. Natasha doesn’t know about Peter being Spider-Man. Nobody does. Tony figures it’s his own job to tell them that.
was going to be repulsive. People were staring at her, but she wasn’t sure if they were staring because of the dress or because she was Yaël. Before she walked in, she pulled down her already very revealing dress some more, which, since he liked dressing her up so much, Wade had bought her.
I'm not the happiest with this chapter. Even weeks after I've written it, I feel like there's too much happening at once. There's stuff happening in this chapter that you might think came out of nowhere. I apologize for that; like I said before, the parts with Yaël are mostly reserved for her own story, and aren't too much described in here. There's a pretty big scene with her here, though. It doesn't impact too much of Peter's story, but it does hers, which is why, in the upcoming chapters, there won't be much more mention of it.
“Think we should go and pay a visit?” Steve squeezes Tony’s hand, looking at their fingers entwined together with a fond look on his face.
Finding himself back in front of the first door Tony had been showing him a few hours back, Peter prepares himself for whatever could be inside. With his father smiling widely, he feels like it’s something good. Is it the rest of the team? Sam? That Winter Soldier-guy with the cool arm? The guy who got big? Clint?
“Let me guess; you want them to sign?” he asks. Natasha doesn’t speak up, but she does put a hand on Tony’s shoulder in support, which is actually kind of strange but not entirely unwelcome. Tony tilts his head to the side almost out of reflex.
At one point, someone tapped her shoulder and started gargling, which led to Yaël almost ramming her fingers into his throat because she thought he was choking. Luckily Korg stopped her and, eh, talked? Talked to the man instead. Everyone seemed to think Yaël was Korg’s right hand, while he had been leading this whole thing. Yaël tried to back off a few times, disappear in the big group, but they always pushed her forward again.
He’s never really been one to enjoy nature this way; he prefers the familiarity in modern technology. But once in a while, Pepper used to take him out into the open, whether it was on a holiday or just a walk in Central Park. Tony can appreciate it enough.
Peter doesn’t speak, instead nods and accelerates again. This car drives perfectly, and Peter would love to have one of these of his own, if only he had some money.
Steve sighs next to him. “Right, I’m sorry,” he mutters, rubbing his forehead. “Normally, Stark and I get into each other’s hairs in just a matter of minutes… I guess it’s just a reflex.”
It’s just a blur, the only thing he’s feeling is anger. Anger for his mother, anger for his father. All directed towards this single man in front of him. The man Steve seems so desperate to rescue.
He does the usual. There’s a mugger on the streets, hoping that he wouldn’t be too obvious. There’s a police chase that he helps along, getting a thumb’s up from the officer when they get the criminal in custody. Allowing the cops to take a selfie with him, Peter hurries off to the next case he finds. He shouldn’t be too surprised when, in the end, he drops back down on the roof with nothing more to do.
“The first one, I think, but all of that doesn’t matter. I don’t even get why she wants to use you instead of me. You aren’t even that powerful. Look at me, I’ve been training for eras!”  Nilla surely seemed frustrated. Only then it stroke what her little sister looked like. She went totally undercover, wearing some jeans and a comfortable, fluffy, blush-colored sweater. Nobody would think she’s an assassin with this ‘innocent’ look of hers. Her battle scars and muscles were all covered away, and she didn’t even wear the battle stripes on her face.
He’s felt close to cancel all meetings so far, but he would feel like that would be unfair to the students; there are about three of them that come for an internship at the logistics division, two for the engineering program, and then there’s one more interview for the scholarship itself, which is actually the second one that comes to ask for it one year in advance.
Unless… that first interview, those papers Peter dropped. They were results for a DNA-screening, as far as Tony remembers. There hadn’t been any names on it, but Tony can recall the page as well as any other because of his memory. Just one look had been enough to store it in his brain.
Tony takes another deep breath. Placing the needle right above the injection-spot, he hesitates for only a little bit longer.
“Hey, uh, maybe we can go back to the workshop tomorrow? Work on some stuff? It’s been a while,” Peter offers. Tony hums while taking out the tablet from the compartment box.
“You can be if you want to. You have the potential,” he had assured her, but Felicia had only shaken her head.
There was only woods around her, dark, deep woods. She saw the towers of a castle at the horizon, raising from somewhere deep in the woods. To her left, close to her cage, there was a little house. It looked old, like a cottage, with plants growing over it.
Steve sends him a text, letting him know he’ll be back in two hours. Tony takes a deep breath. Two hours, he can wait that long. He sends a message to Bruce, asking if he could take Peter for the night. He doesn’t explain why, but Bruce is smart enough to figure it out himself.
“Nope, I don’t think so,” Yaël answered. “How would I even get there? And, I mean, it could be the death of me, you know? Last thing I remember, they are hunting me down. Besides, what is there left for me to return to?”
Wanda has her arms crossed, almost looking like she’s dreaming away. The same can’t be said from Vision next to her, who looks attentive as always; unmoving. Wearing civilian clothes, with his right hand flat on the table, he almost looks human. That, of course, aside of the fact that he’s not breathing nor really showing anything close to emotion. Tony decides not to give him too much thought, instead turning his gaze towards Sam Wilson, who is seated next to him.
“I think I can go with that agreement,” Tony agrees. The two lean forward again one more time, but before they can meet each other in between, the door flies open.
“Tony,” he says, walking up to him and holding out his hand for him to shake. Tony accepts it, but lets go of Steve’s in the process. “It’s been a while, how are you doing?”
“Since yesterday. It’s a long story I’ll eventually tell,” he returns. Steve nods before turning back to Tony.
The boys nod, heading towards Wanda, Vision, Paul en Betty. Behind them, Tony finally opens the door. A few gasps come up, and it’s immediately clear why.
“Enough for you?” the man then asks, pulling his phone back and putting it inside his pocket once more. Then he taps onto the piece of paper that Peter recognizes as his homework.
“Avengers! Spider-Man is on the scene ignoring direct orders. Get him out of there!” he warns the others. Whatever the Avengers are saying to that, Tony can’t hear it. All he can do is trying to keep an eye on the red-and-blue blur swinging his way towards the massive robot that is causing large destruction to the section of the city.
There’s movement on the mattress; Steve sat down on the bed. Then there’s a hand on Tony’s back, trying gently to shake him awake in case he would actually have been asleep. Tony still ignores it. Hell, Steve should be happy the first thing he did was actually go to
“Hello there, Mr. and Mr. Peter!” Deadpool greets them happily. He gets on his feet, throwing the knife aside until it gets stuck on the floor. Tony can hear Charles sigh from behind him. “You two finally came to your senses and giving me your blessing?”
Sharon kisses Tony goodbye, tells him she sees him tomorrow. Tony repeats her words. Then there’s Sue and Reed who say goodbye, followed by Ben and, reluctantly, Johnny. Peter nods towards Professor X when they pass each other. X just winks at him. He takes Yael with him before Peter can even ask if she wants to join them.
“Dude, I think you should go with them,” Johnny tells him carefully. He’s right, of course, but that doesn’t mean that Peter is ready to have the lecture of a lifetime. Who knows, maybe they’ll take the suit again from him. It wouldn’t be the first time, after all… They can’t ground him since he lives in here, they can’t stop him being Spider-Man since he still has his old suit – however horrible it is.
“Just, when you get back… get rid of the suit as quickly as possible. Destroy it, imprison it, I don’t care. Just… don’t let it control you like it did me.”
Tony closes his eyes and counts to ten, again. After that, he lets out a deep breath and continues on his work. He has no clue how late it is, but it can’t be
Before he can throw the first punch, Harry moves. Even without his arms, it seems like the Green Goblin is deadly. Having pretended to slip up when he tried to stand up, now Harry gets to his feet, jumps up, and throws his legs around Peter’s neck. He keeps him in a tight lock, slowly closing up Peter’s airways. One of Peter’s arms is also stuck, unable to get loose from Harry’s hold.
But then Michelle laughs. “I’m just kidding, I don’t care,” she says, waving him off. Then she turns to the team. “Alright, so, we should run some drills.”
Or he could tell Aunt May that he’s staying over at the compound for a few nights to spend with his friends. That could be believable?
“Sure, I’m fine,” Tony lies. He doesn’t even know why. “No, that’s not true. I’m feeling like shit.” Tony starts laughing before passing his hand over his face.
“Relax, bug-boy! You need help even more than I do,” Felicia returns. She fishes out some sort of gun and points it at Venom, who was apparently headed their way. Then, once the thing is fired, Venom flies to the back, shuddering on the ground. Felicia laughs. “Heh, I love shocking bad guys.”
“Wolverine…” Peter muttered as he stared at the knives too. The knives slid up again and just disappeared. Wade’s lifeless body fell against the steering wheel, blood gushing out of his head. Yaël swallowed a few times as her stomach turned around before she realized nobody was driving the car.
“I will, sir, but is it alright if I go to the bathroom, first?” Peter asks, putting the overly large shirt back down on the desk. Mr. Stark doesn’t look up, instead pointing towards the hallway they just came from.
Yaël shrugged “I don’t know, man, that guy talks in riddles all the time,” she said, hoping her pokerface looked good enough. “So, how’s the internship?” Distraction. Distraction is good!
Peter nods and does as he’s told, before lying back down on the bed. There’s a wound on his back, but also one on his stomach. The last one is a result of the immediate surgery he needed when they had to stitch up his spleen. It’s a small price to pay for not bleeding to death.
Nobody was really surprised when Steve headed towards Natasha’s house and told her that it was enough. He didn’t want a girlfriend, and with the new missions coming up, he figured he wasn’t going to have much more time. Instead, he started training more.
“You heard the man, FRI, let’s go ‘Flash’ with this piece of metal,” Tony says, and after that, the craft speeds up quicker than ever before.
She must be, since she’s walking next to the God of mischief, holding their child on her hip and searching through the crowd, probably for him. Peter doesn’t wave at her, instead waiting for her to notice him. It’s less tiring like that.
After that, Johnny is out of the room. Sue gives Reed a stern look before hurrying after her brother. He might be the youngest of them all, but he’s the only one who seems to agree with her.
At first, Steve let her use her powers against him, but then he told her she should be able to fight without them as well, just in case. So, for the last fifteen minutes, Yaël had been punched around by a supersoldier.
What exactly happened yesterday? He feels like he remembers the party sucking in a way, but he can’t exactly say why. He turns onto his back, looking at the ceiling while he waits for any reason to get out of the bed to come up.
“Urgh, you try living with them, then.” Peter shakes his head, pretending not to see the two men anymore and instead focusing on his breakfast instead.
“Mr. Parker,” Mr. Stark nods calmly. Peter reaches the chair and carefully sits down, eyes never leaving the man in front of him. What’s going to happen now? Is he going to get it? Or is Mr. Stark going to spare him?
Steve was still looking a bit confused. She shook her head again “I have no clue actually. It surely must be a few months with all the revalidation and such.”
“No, no, there’s no girl. OR boy, for that matter. I’m not really… searching for a girlfriend, either,” Peter admits. And it’s the truth, he’s everything but looking for a relationship. Even if Liz is searching for one with him… Will he be able to avoid her, after failing to attend her party so miserably? Maybe she’ll be angry at him? Who knows.
Tony isn’t too sure what exactly Steve has planned with Deadpool. In a few days, they’re heading out for a week, following some sort of lead on whatever. Tony didn’t listen to it too much, instead having his thoughts more on the fact that his son is coming home this evening.
“They took the bait?” Natasha asks in a whisper. Tony searches through the inside of his jacket before holding up his thumb. After that, he walks up to Steve, takes his hand into his own, and the pair move out to get back to the tower. Natasha returns to the common room to put her cup of coffee away. Now that Tony’s gone, the three men at the table are whispering again.
"Do as you please, it won't make me like you any less," Yaël shrugged. "Poor soul, so young and already in so much pain," Yaël whispered as her eyes followed Peters steps.
“Just press the button in the middle,” Mr. Stark adds. Peter looks down, seeing the small black button he noticed before. Without any hesitation, he reaches up to his chest and presses down with two of his fingers. After that, the tent he’s wearing around him suddenly tightens up, turning into an actual form-fitting shirt that accentuate his muscles and slender figure.
Peter snorts without knowing why. The girl pulls up some black clothing that seems to shine in the light. Peter is beyond understanding what it is, but he can’t help himself from laughing.
“I’ll do my best,” he returns jokingly. Then he sighs and shifts again in the bed. He stares ahead for a few seconds and then frowns. “Where’s Steve?”
But… if Tony keeps the phone here, packed in this box… that would mean that he’s not using it, right? He wouldn’t even notice if Peter keeps the phone, then?
Yaël chewed on a piece of egg while leaning on her hand. Her problem with steering air was consuming her thoughts. There had to be some kind of technique to handle it as precise as she could handle water or fire, right? Maybe her hand coordination wasn’t correct, or maybe there were flaws in her gestures?
“I told you I can’t cook,” he says in defeat, turning off the stove and waving his hand over the smoke. Tony actually feels bad for him. He walks up to the man, taking his hands into his own to turn him around.
“I destroyed all of my suits,” Tony explains, recalling the events of Christmas back in 2012. He hadn’t really been himself all that time, and he’d actually thought things would get better without the suits. Still, he was wrong.  “I promised her I was done, but then the scepter came, and then Ultron, and then, and then, and I just kept going.”
But he supposes that’s what it’s like, being a dad. It’s all about pretending to think everything will sort itself out. And maybe, if he thinks it for long enough, he might even believe it.
“I don’t know how this is going to affect his grades, the woman admits sadly. Tony just sighs, realizing that, indeed, Peter isn’t really at the best spot at school. He really doesn’t need this setback.
“At ease, soldier, I’m not currently after you,” Tony tells the man behind Steve, but Bucky doesn’t relax.
With the speed writing is going, I'm going to try to go for two updates a week. I hope I can keep it up! Anyway, here's the chapter that was somehow hell to write.
job you offered me, if it’s still standing? At least for now,” Peter admits. Tony grins, and then pulls him back into a hug.
“I need some air. The roof will do.” FRIDAY doesn’t protest after that, instead starting up the elevator and bringing him up to a floor that’s not even selectable with the buttons. The only way to get there is probably with FRIDAY.
“I have some news, but I’m not sure you’re going to like it,” Sharon says instead of responding to Tony. The engineer rolls his eyes, while Steve puts his sketchbook aside, rests a hand over the couch while turning a bit in Sharon’s direction.
Gwen chuckles a bit, shaking her head and reaching out a hand towards his face. Then, cupping his cheek, Gwen leans forward, pressing their faces together. With their masks on, it’s not really a kiss, but it’s still kind of a fun feeling.
“Rogers,” he returns the greeting. Another flash of hurt comes up on Steve’s face. Tony ignores it. “Is there something you wanted to say?”
Tony stays quiet after that, lowering his gaze and eventually turning back on the tablet. Peter doesn’t know if he managed to change Tony’s mind.
It’s not a complete lie, to be honest; Pepper can easily look up if there’s some business deal that needs to be worked out there, so it wouldn’t make sense to make it up.
Rhodey arrives exactly twenty minutes later. A few hours later, they leave a message to say that they’ve landed safely.
Yaël’s worried voice asks. Peter clears his throat, feeling suddenly extremely hot in here. Why is Tony looking at him with that smile on his face? Is he on to him?
But there was something else Yaël wanted answers to. “Though I feel like we still need to talk about what happened afterwards…”
Tony sighs, pulling out his phone from his pocket and tapping a bit on the screen before holding it out to her. On it there’s a picture of him, Steve and Peter. He doesn’t even remember when it was taken, nor who did it. It was just always there, he thinks…
Gwen nods in understanding. “I did some things with the suit that I regret doing as well. It’s out of your control, and that’s not your fault, Peter. I’m sure that, if you’ll explain, she’ll understand.”
“It’s alright, I can handle it Bruciebear,” Tony says, gently slapping him on the shoulder. “Let’s go!”
Steve tries to listen to T’Challa’s words. He stays put for now, until at least he hears some more news. He calls the phone again and again, but quickly comes to realize that nobody’s picking up. The first day, it’s bearable. He’ll just fight it out in the training center.
“Peter, don’t say that,” May shushes him. Peter shakes his head, trying to sit up once more and pulling his hands loose from Tony’s and May’s. He gives Bruce a serious look.
about how he’s gotten to the suspicion that Mr. Stark might be his father, following by how he came to the discovery that he actually
That evening, Tony, Peter, Rhodey and May are seated on the couch with a large bowl of pop-corn. Peter with his feet thrown over Tony’s legs and his back leaning against the side of the couch. May and Rhodey are cuddled up against each other, sharing their drink as they watch the screen. The two hit it off during the Christmas party, getting to talk and afterwards keeping up contact. Nobody was really surprised when they went on their first date only a week after the party.
Peter already sees her on the other side of the window. She has her back facing him, looking up around the place. In the back, Peter can see a car drive away; probably her parents dropping her off. What must they think about this? Peter can almost imagine Mr. Jones’ reaction to her telling him she’ll be at the Avengers Facility.
Peter knows his way to the lab. Heck, he’s been an intern here, he knows the place from heart by now. Without needing Gwen to guide his way, Peter steps up to the door of the lab and waits for it to open. When it doesn’t, he frowns.
“Wait, and you are going to a psychiatrist for this, right?” Yaël frowned as soon as Peter asked that question.
The room looks beautiful. Tony doesn’t know much about culture and religion in India, but he can recognize the small statues of the gods. There’s Ganesh, Shiva…  The others, he doesn’t know by name. The table is made of a beautiful wood, and it’s covered by a sheet with tiny, detailed motives. The people here might not be the richest of the world, but Tony can’t help but admire the room they’ve made for themselves here.
Peter falls to the ground. He groans painfully, rolling onto his back, tears in his eyes. He can’t make it, he’ll fail. Karen is giving him updates of the current situation with the others, but it’s hopeless. They’re all stuck somewhere, his dad is knocked out and Steve can’t seem to wake him up. For once, Peter wouldn’t mind just being stuck on the sideline, unable to help. Because now, he’s right in the middle of it, and he’s very much still not capable of pulling through.
“Oh, right, the throat singing…” the man said sarcastically. Luckily Yaël wasn’t looking at him, because she could imagine him turning his eyes with a lot of sass.
date, even!” Natasha just smirks at him. Sam and Rhodey look behind them towards Tony, both frowning.
much, for bringing him back,” Peter says, squeezing his father a little tighter until the man lets out a shaky breath.
“Hey!” he shouts. The man jumps back. Michelle takes the opportunity of the distraction by kicking the guy in his balls. The man drops down on his knees, his hands reaching for his groin with a face red and tears in his eyes. “Uh, yeah, take that, I think?”
Peter looks down, blinking when he hears a crash underneath him. A few alarms from cars fill his ears, a man shouting – in anger or in pain, Peter doesn’t know.
“No, I’m not a hero at all and of all people, you should know that,” Yaël tried to point at him, but her whole hand was packed. Loki shrugged, moving forward to sit on the chair next to the bed she had been lying in.
“Yes, dad, I’ll be fine. You know the building is not too far from yours, and I know I can call you whenever something’s wrong,” Peter states. He puts his clothes down and finally faces his father, who has his hands in his pockets and his sunglasses on. Right, because whenever Tony is wearing his sunglasses, he’s actually wearing a mask.
There are minimal lights on. With the place having been abandoned for who knows how many years, it’s been pretty neglected when it comes to maintenance. There’s dust everywhere, and cobwebs in every corner on the ceiling. Tony tries his best to keep away from those.
“I can just recall the times when you came home to me and all you did was complain about this girl! Apparently, she had an internship at Stark Industries, back then?” May giggles. Tony nods.
“Listen, you can make it as long as you want, Thor. I just think you would make it a whole lot easier on yourself if you make it a bit shorter.”
“You serious?” Peter can understand Johnny’s surprise. It’s never really by Peter’s own free will that he agrees to come along. The fact that Johnny didn’t even have to try and convince him must be quite the shock. But even Peter doesn’t know why he’s decided to join. In his mind, he knows it’s a bad idea, but there’s like some small part of him that is telling him to go anyway.
“It- it looks good,” Peter admits. Harry smiles again before turning towards Venom, who is digging himself out of the hole he’s been pushed in. “So, what, you’re the Blue Goblin now?”
Happy doesn’t drive Peter home this time. This time, Steve takes out his extra helmet and hands it to Peter. On the motorcycle, the two drive back to Queens. And as they near the house where Aunt May is waiting for him, the only thing currently stuck in his mind is the disappointment he’d seen in Tony’s eyes when he said what he said.
Tony is on the phone with a certain Thaddeus Ross when Steve walks in. Of course, his first instinct is to hang up immediately and throw himself to Steve, but he knows better than that. This thing he’s discussing actually sounds pretty important, and though he’s not sure why Ross contacted
“I don’t see why,” Lopt answered calmly. The stranger somehow managed to trigger the king enormously by just telling him what he was looking for.
Natasha Romanoff is not the stoic person everybody thinks she is. Once in a while, she can make jokes, lighten the mood. She can laugh, have fun. It’s not like she’s been traumatized by her past, after all.
“Then I expect you to sing a song on Steve’s next birthday, okay?” Sam suggests. Peter grins widely while Steve just turns redder by the second.
“I, uh… I’ve been having these aches in my stomach lately. And, uh… I’ve been throwing up a lot more recently. Maybe…?”
Tony, too, snorts. He kisses Peter’s head once again just because he feels that strong urge once more.
Peter tries to calm himself down by breathing through his nose, in and out, in, and out. While his heart seems to slow down a little bit, his head doesn’t seem to be splitting open from all the thoughts going through his mind; why does Harry seem so calm? Why is he looking like he already has his escape-plan ready? That he’s only waiting for the first opportunity?
Felicia kissed him once again before pulling away. “If you need me, you know how to reach me.” She winked at him before disappearing.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Peter asks the Cat, not exactly glad to see her standing there. Not that he doesn’t like her, of course… but, that’s just exactly the problem. Despite everything with MJ, he still seems to like the Cat a bit too much. He can't explain why, but his... body... always seems to react upon seeing her arrive!
“I don’t get it, why is that such a big problem?” she asked him. That was clearly the wrong question to ask, as he looked at her and frowned in disbelief.
“Exactly,” Loki finally turned around and walked down towards Yaël. “They are stuck on this spaceship, just like you and me. Yes, they are finally free, but they come from all different planets, some of those planets don’t even exist anymore. Many of them don’t have a family anymore. Besides, it’s not like I didn’t ask them.” He sounded a bit superciliously, as usual, while walking passed her.
Maybe Yaël wanted to like the man because she hoped Peter’s dad wasn’t a total jerk, she hoped something positive would come out of all of this, she hoped Tony could make Peter happy and Steve too.
“Never get in a relationship, Rogers,” Tony then says in an attempt to be funny. “It’s only doomed to end eventually.”
“It’s alright, I’ll get some sense into him,” Peter jokes. He doesn’t really want Steve to hang up, but it’s inevitable now. If Steve needs to go, he needs to go.
“’Keep on bakin’!’. That’s what it says,” Steve explains. Before Tony can say anything in return, the waiter offers them the menu. Steve thanks him, giving him a smile before he walks off again. At first, he seems hesitant on opening the door, but after a while he does cast a glance towards it.
Formulating a speech and having prepared himself for it all day at school, Peter thought he came to the Compound prepared, only to see that Tony
“The problem is; is it worth it to start babyproofing the apartment? He might just change back tomorrow,” Tony wonders, looking at Peter chasing from one corner to the other until he gets to the wall. Then, when he starts climbing up, Tony hurries into action to pry him off again.
“Because that thing inside you, it’s something we have to be careful with. Only Thor has ever spoken of Infinity Stones, mentioning that there are more of them out there, and each of them is different. They’re all very powerful and with that surely comes people or…creatures that are looking for them, no doubt with a lack of good intentions.”
They stay in silence for the next twenty minutes. After that, Peter gets ready to head back home. He sits up, walks to the side to put on his coat, and puts his stuff back into his bag. Steve doesn’t move at all. His hand is no longer holding Tony’s since he’s been on the tablet ever since. When Tony has asked to see Steve’s scar from the surgery, all he’s finding is a dark pink red line. Something that looks like a week-old suture. Not something that happened the day before.
“If you’re going to say something about me not acting like myself, just swallow it back in. I’m not in the mood,” Peter snaps at him before he can even speak. Johnny’s mouth closes again. He looks at Peter for five seconds longer before he finally leaves him alone.
A lot has happened in these past few months. A lot of things he’s ready to forget if it’s ever possible. He has nightmares that chase him, images that will never ever leave his mind. But for now, he has in under control.
Tony shakes his head, a bit sad that his friend thinks so lowly about himself. “You sell yourself short, man. I’m sure she adores you.”
“So, what’chadoing here?” she asked him. Peter told her he got nervous. Just for having the balls to admit his nervousness while standing next to Captain America, Yaël gave Peter some extra respect-points in her head.
Peter, who is really taking his chances by taking cases he shouldn’t be taking. If he keeps on pursuing these weapons… Tony doesn’t want him involved with this. Not at all.
“I wanna eat with Dad,” she calls out. Tony can hear Peter sigh, and somehow it breaks his heart. What the hell happened? Who are these other two kids? Why is Peter dressed in a high school uniform?
And Peter cries, grabbing on to his father with such a force he’s surprised Tony’s still breathing. Holding on to the hug, Peter looks up at Yaël and mouths a small ‘thank you’ to her. All she does is shrug and move away from them, probably to hide herself in her bedroom.
Peter clears his throat and offers the phone back to Michelle before collecting his papers together and putting them into his bag. With his wound still stinging as he tries to get up, Peter attempts to get more distance between him and the girl who seems intent in finding out what exactly Peter is up to. What he wasn’t counting on was her following him the entire time.
. It feels like a warning? Like a threat? Barnes and Steve don’t seem as concerned about it, seeming just ready to shoot the moment he comes out. But Tony isn’t them, and while they would just enjoy bringing the guy in without letting him speak further, all Tony can think about is the truth.
“This was no panic attack, Tony,” Bruce says, pointing towards the news report that is currently playing. “This was rage, and nothing more than that. For that moment, all Peter wanted was for this guy to be dead.”
“Loki?” Oh, she remembered, after the scene they both just saw, after they had woken up, Loki had told her his real name. Yaël finally opened her eyes and saw Loki’s sad smile.
“No I don’t want you to go. Going back to New York the first time was dangerous enough. Now you want to go again? You
“Hey hot-shot,” the girl – what was her name? Reesa? Reanna? Peter doesn’t know – tells him, keeping her face awfully close to Peter’s, teasing to kiss but never really doing it. Her hand comes to rest on the pink scar on Peter’s abdomen, but she doesn’t ask any questions. “I found this awesome stuff in here, but it’s a bit too big for me.”
“Yeah, I wasn’t supposed to. Who would want a sixteen-year-old in Space, after all?” Johnny laughs. Then he slaps Peter’s shoulder and jumps off the table. “Now please, tell me you’re not one of those guys who dabs his way through conversation? Did you ever pull a Killer Clown prank on anybody?
“What’s wrong, Tony?” Steve asks, fingers still around Tony’s wrist, though he doesn’t seem to be aware of it. Tony, on the contrary, can’t help but be
I had this chapter written the moment after I posted the previous one, but I kind of forgot about the fact that I didn't add this one to it immediately.
“Yeah, nothing’s changed. It’s not like I’m going to invite her along since she pretty much has the biggest dislike for parties like this.” Remembering how pissed off she looked at Liz’ party last year, he figures it might be for the better she’s not coming. Otherwise she’s going to prepare herself another piece of toast to eat there while giving everybody a death-stare.
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me?” he mutters, rolling his eyes up into the air and about ready to throw his arms up until he realizes he’s still holding Johnny. “Fucking shit piece of junk.”
“Well, I figure both of us pretty much got it off our chests back then. You got anything more to add to it?” Peter asks, wanting the conversation to stay away from that particular topic for now. He’s aware that they need to discuss that – because obviously there must be
“And right on time, too! I mean, I’m getting better at cooking, but Steve managed to save this batch here!” May chuckles a bit before putting the pot down on the table. “You truly are a hero, Mr. Rogers,” she jokes.
“JUST STAY PUT AND STAY OUT OF TROUBLE!” Peter shouts after him. If it’s a showdown Venom wants, then it’s a showdown he’ll get.
Peter dresses up at school. Not with expensive clothes, or with designer shoes. He puts on the least remarkable outfits, and gets himself some glasses that don’t correct his sight at all. When the others ask him why he does it, he says they’ll see eventually.
“I don’t-,” Peter starts. Tony holds up his hand to shut him up, and then points at a screwdriver. Peter hands it to him.
“Everything will be fine. We’ll make sure to mention that the others made us do this, alright?” Tony says, trying to joke a bit about it.
Peter realizes he hasn’t been taking his medication about two weeks. For some reason, he’s been constantly so distracted that he actually kept on forgetting about it. Now, standing in the bathroom and finding the empty bottle of pills, he realizes he must have just forgotten about getting new ones.
Tony puts the headset down on the table, no longer needing it. Then he puts his eyes behind the microscope, waiting for anything to happen. Much to his delight, the nanites start moving as FRIDAY probably instructs them to. He lets out a small laugh, unbelieving of the fact that, after everything, it finally worked!
But Peter can’t move, either. His arms are pressed against his ears; there’s no headphones to drown it out here. Nothing that can lower the effect of the sound for him. On the side, he can see Harry on the ground as well, protecting his ears.
He’s aware that Dr. Palmer has to get Tony’s attention back a few times. She doesn’t seem surprised, instead more relieved about it. Peter wonders if there’s a specific reason for that, but at the same time he doesn’t care. Right now, all he wants is for them to be back home, for Tony to be better.
freedom you’re playing with here, right?” Tony asks. He casts another short look, finding something in there that he doesn’t quite disagree with.
“So I’ve heard- who are you again?” Bruce asks in confusion. Strange just snorts and turns around again, motioning for him to follow. He gives Peter one short nod to tell him he needs to join them as well. Peter wants to warn him about the phone call that is currently being made, but the spell on his mouth doesn’t seem to let go.
He can see them call out for him. He can’t hear it. Peter blinks a few times, pulling off his mask. Then he hands it towards Johnny, making a call-sign towards him. Johnny frowns and shakes his head in confusion. Peter rolls his eyes, standing back up and signing it again the best he can. He tests out his voice, not hearing it but feeling it anyway.
“FRI, give me some music, please?” he asks. By now, she’s probably given up on trying to get him to change his mind. Without any further objection, she starts up ‘I walk the line’ from Johnny Cash. It’s a strange choice, but it’s fine enough.
“Look, you probably haven’t noticed it yet since you’ve never walked inside that room, but the walls surrounding the women’s bathroom are made of glass. The Grandmaster designed it so the showers are actually a peepshow. Everyone who passes through the hallways can see the women shower!”
“Alright,” Steve returned, throwing Tony on the bed. “Now, you don’t need me to help you get changed, do you?”
“The reason I suddenly want the kid closer is not because he’s Mary’s son, particularly,” Tony then adds carefully. “If anything, it stings seeing him all the time as a reminder that she shut me out of her life completely.”
He can hear him talking to Tony in hushed voices all the way from the kitchen. The volume of their voice proves that they’re trying not to wake Peter. For a small moment he wonders why they don’t just have this conversation in Tony’s bedroom, but he quickly figures they wouldn’t want to leave him alone.
“Hey hot shot, you want me to blow you? I know a quiet place we could go,” the guy mumbles, drunkenly trying to flirt with Peter, who rolls his eyes and pushes the guy to the side.
Peter puts the phone aside again, pulling the mask back over his head and once again looking at the city.
He would then work some more, until it was time for lunch or dinner. Then he would go to the cafeteria a few floors below, and enjoy a good meal while scanning the whole room in search of Mr. Stark before returning back to his work.
Tony looks up from the couch, seeing Pepper standing in the living room, standing right next to the little bed he assembled only an hour ago. Peter’s already in it, fast asleep after crawling around the Penthouse all day.
“But… it didn’t give you pleasure, right? You were grieving, angry, and it’s not like he didn’t punch you back or anything. He wasn’t defenseless, you know? I mean, I kicked Harry’s ass as well, you don’t see me walking away from him? No matter if he’s just a friend, he was actually like a brother to me.”
“I trust you’ll get her to her seat?” she asks. Peter nods, waiting for her to leave before turning to his friend who is standing there.
She started working for this man, Diego, who made her help in elder people’s gardens to get the weeds out. Of course, this wasn’t totally legal, but nobody wanted to hire a girl with literally no identity or resume.
He comes to stand in front of the door, seeing that there’s no way to open it the normal way. A quick glance around makes him realize quickly that a code is needed to get in. Peter lets out a long breath as he leans forward a bit, trying to make out the numbers that have been pressed the most times.
“The others got it, kiddo,” Mr. Stark assures him before beginning to pick him up without trying to jostle his shoulder too much. Still, Peter has to let out a grunt of pain, feeling the sting with even the smallest movements. “I’ll be quick.”
“I think it’ll always be an issue,” Tony admits sadly. “All I can do is give him space when we’re in public. But, Nat, if I didn’t have Peter with me at the funeral… I don’t know how I would have gotten through it.”
Tony found out about this place mostly by surprise. When he looked up stuff that had to do with the forties, he stumbled across a website of a small organization that hosts small dance parties dedicated to certain era’s. Every Monday it’s the forties, which is why Tony has dragged Steve all the way here.
“My husband,” she returns. Thor then turns towards Heimdall, who nods. They bring out the rings – the Midgardian tradition that Jane wanted to import. After that’s over, Steve figures it won’t be much longer. Thor guides Jane onto the throne, holding her hand as she goes to sit down. After that, he unbuckles Mjölnir from his belt, holding it up.
“Shish ish for a new recruit,” Mr. Stark answers. Then he puts the top back on the marker and puts it in his back pocket, taking a step back as he inspects his work. “A new guy, noticed him a while back, mostly doing some small things on the streets but did manage about two bigger jobs.”
“I suppose I’ll head out as well,” Rhodey then says. He stands up and takes his coat. “Let me walk you to your floor before I leave?”
It’s been a pet-project of his. After finishing his self-made Bluetooth Mp3-player, Peter has put aside everything else to fish out the blueprints for the Arc Reactor and try to build it on his own. So far, he’s only barely managed to figure out how it all works, but he finds it easier and easier to understand the more he looks at it.
Throwing his legs over the side of the couch, Peter takes the remote in his hands and changes back to what seems like a stupid movie. He doesn’t care, as long as it’s not the news. He can hear his phone vibrating in his room, but he doesn’t bother to get up. Instead, he grabs a bit of popcorn out of Johnny’s bowl.
And Yaël wasn’t going to help him. She took her box back from the table and sat down in her sofa again, signing at Peter to follow her. While they were eating, Wade made enough noise to talk for the three of them. He whined about his pizza and being hungry.
But even if he didn’t, Peter would have come anyway. There’s no way in hell he would have sit back during this.
Steve just nods. “I’m always happy to help,” he says. Loki gives him an intense look at that before nodding.
So they get something together. Wanda and Clint try and distract the guards while Steve, Bucky and Sam attempt to sneak out of the castle. The plan is fool proof, and they even get themselves all the way into the city. It’s only then that they realize Steve doesn’t have any papers. They don’t allow him on the plane.
“Tony,” Steve starts, but then he stops. Putting his hands on his hips, his eyes bore angrily into Tony’s back.
little Peter, the little boy that he never got to know. His hand goes to his chest, pressing on the scar in the middle of his sternum. He must have been breathing strangely as there’s suddenly a hand on his shoulder, gently shaking him.
Falcon picked the Goblin up again and pulled him back in the air. Yaël looked back to see what was happening to Peter. Bow-guy almost got him out of the water. Then, all of a sudden, something happened above her in the fight between Falcon and Goblin which caused a big blow. Dust flew into Yaël’s eyes. As she rubbed her eyes, cursing, she heard a weird swirling sound, getting louder and louder. Out of the blue, Yaël got knocked against the ground.
Well, there are too many aspects in this dream to discuss today without exhausting you. There’s this forest, the house, the black-haired man, the cage… All of them are pieces of an enormous puzzle. We’re going to focus on the first man now. X lifted his suitcase he brought along from behind his wheelchair, opened it and took a few papers out of it.
“And you expect me to believe you’re going to forgive me and be my sweet, big sister?” Nilla spat, her tone suddenly completely changed from unbelieving into extremely sarcastic. Pushing her back up against the wall, Nilla got up. Her hair looked like it hadn’t been combed in years and her eyes glanced dangerously at Yaël, like she was some sort of prey.
