He wants this back. He wants this
was his game.
"Oscar, Sherlock, I've told you. Oscar!" He squeezed his shoulder, then again touched the mark on Sherlock's face. He was very, very close, and his hand was warm, and his eyes were just-- right
They're attracting a crowd, now, other doctors and nurses stepping out of exam rooms while most of the patients in the waiting room are trying very hard not to look at them. A few look ready to get up and make a run for the door. Another quick glance around shows Sarah Sawyer already on the phone, assuredly calling security or the police.
It was also a problem.
All right,
Don't worry-- John realizes Sherlock hasn't been entirely honest with him very soon. Things are about to kick up, starting with the next chapter :)
John's fingers suddenly catch in his, stilling the signs. They wrap around his and just
and everything is
He kisses John again.
Mycroft gave him an especially unamused stare, the hand on his cup tightening. "I did not have the same connections back then that I enjoy now. The only thing I could've done was report him to the school or police, and with Sherlock refusing to cooperate, nothing would've been done. Even if Sherlock had agreed to speak up, it likely would've ended poorly. This was 2001, John. Two men, engaged in a sexual relationship? One of whom was now a crack addict living with a rent boy?" His mouth curled, and he looked nearly sick. "Oh, I'm sure Dr. Wilson would've been fired, but the headline wouldn't have been a sexual abuse scandal. It would've been Sherlock Holmes: boy genius and sexual deviant."
Fucking hell, thank
Better question, then...
"Everything in balance, Scott. Though if you really must know, yes, I recommend quitting smoking if you can, without reservation or hesitation." He pauses again, the sheet crinkling in his hands. "You know, for some of my patients? Asking a stranger for a cigarette? That's the highlight of their week. That's a huge, very impressive step to take for them."
In the mornings, Sherlock tries.
"Every student whose careers you tried to ruined will have a chapter," John told him quietly. "Sherlock Holmes, if he is willing, and by
"Have a nice date," he sighs, shutting his eyes. "Third one? He's a nurse... at this hospital. You're going... to... see a movie?"
"An interest in what?"
He left Sherlock sitting there alone in the lab, icepack dripping and forgotten in his hand. His mouth felt cold and wet, and his head felt a little like a box of marbles that had just been rattled within an inch of its life. But inside his chest, he only felt light.
What an odd bloody thing to think. John Not-Gay Watson,
But he can't have Baker Street right now.
A moment passes, wordless understanding suffocating between them. He deleted how to speak. Oh.
He burrows back into his nest of blankets and keeps his mouth shut.
It was worse, this time.
He can swallow what they did to him. And he
And he stops dead.
Sherlock takes only a moment to glance through it before his face lights up like it's bloody Christmas. He claps his hands, all but upending his experiment in his haste to stand, and he's off back to get dressed like a rocket with his eyes bright and his smile like the sun.
"That's- while that may technically be true, for the average
he pleads, again squeezing his hands, "Sherlock, talk to me," but he
"Sherlock. Come on, try to relax. Take another breath. I know you're in pain, there's nothing we can do for that here--"
"He doesn't fit the criteria, Mycroft!"
"My brother," he gasped. Why? Why were the words suddenly sticking again and why was it hard to breathe? He worked a shaking hand at his collar, feeling hot and filthy, but Oscar's hand folded over his own and slid another button undone.
"What is it?" he started, folding his arms in the center of continued hurricane Mycroft. "Is it that it's another man? That Sherlock's gay? Never would've figured that would bother you, but I guess anyone can be an ignorant arsehole, even--"
was why no cases ever got solved around here without him; here he was, actually investigating, while everybody else wasted their time with tabloid magazine fluff articles.
"I've explained it to you before!
"All I'm saying is that maybe he feels a little taken advantage of. Maybe him ditching you will get you to stop taking him for granted."
Tonight, Sherlock has chronic pain and nightmares and can't speak and sees a therapist, and he has never been happier in his life. He is re-pieced together again, the puzzle pieces fit with the exacting, precise skill of a surgeon, and it is absolutely absurd, but this exact moment is one that he wants to preserve in the whole of the palace. To let it expand and overwrite every room until this is all that he is. He is
"Hm. Yeah. I know. I don't care." John didn't bother to advance further, and he didn't bother to crack his knuckles or make a fist. He didn't need a show of force to intimidate this whiny, pathetic slime any more than he already had. "If Sherlock calls you, then you'd just better figure out something to tell him. Brainstorm a bit; give being responsible a try." He smiled again, and here, he crouched just a bit down. Just low enough to meet the man down on his pathetic level. "Like you should've done when you had a fifteen year old in your office."
fucking plans of yours where you think you need to save me by hurting yourself. That doesn't help me, Sherlock. You, getting hurt, seeing you hurt,
That was it. He couldn't take this anymore. "Come here," he started, "just-- come over here, Sherlock--" and it was probably a bit not good that Sherlock melted under his words just like that and crossed over to him like being reeled in on a string.
to keep Sherlock safe and cared for and happy, and he
Sherlock slits his eyes open, watching the colorful blur settle itself back in. There's takeaway and two takeaway teas and John's making himself back at home, as if he intends to stay. Stay, John.
"What are you trying to suggest?" he snapped, just barely managing to drag his eyes back up to look at her. It was unnecessarily hostile, because it certainly wasn't
It was meant to be rhetorical, but Sherlock answered anyway, his voice low and rough. "Nothing." He rubbed his mouth again, shoulders hunching. "Not now."
It was almost dizzying. It was the most touching, considerate thing anyone had ever done for him, and in that, it was overwhelming, because Sherlock knew he could never do anything to pay it back. He knew he could never do anything to be worth all of it, there were never any words to properly express how much this meant to him, and he could never do anything to pay this back to John. The fact that John was sitting there, clearly bracing for what he was expecting to be a furious reaction back, was as ridiculous as it was puzzling.
At least Mycroft had known something was wrong. At least Mycroft hadn't all but shoved him out the door onto a
mean?"
I love you. You're an idiot. I should write all the posts fromnowon. I think I'd be very good. At it. People love me." John keeps kissing him and Sherlock really ought to be kissing back but every time he tries it's wrangled into words instead, stupid words that are sloppy and barely comprehensible, nonsense words, embarrassing flops that sound like he's drunk or drugged. "You loveme. Shhe... Sherlock Holmes. I am--"
as is possible.
he was here? After all that had happened,
Sherlock scowls deeply into his hands, shoulders hunched. His fingers are wrung so tightly together that it hurts.
I also posted the first chapter while sick, and am still sick, so I'll be poking more at typos as I find them. British biscuits for Sherlock this chapter, American crackers for me. Mea culpa ;-;
Once again, Sherlock wasn't sure what to answer that with but a simple shrug. He knew people didn't like him. He wasn't here for people to like him.
The remains of his cake are tucked underneath one arm-- Angelo's insistence-- while the solid warmth of John is compact under the other. They barely manage to keep quiet for Mrs. Hudson's sake, John giggling while Sherlock laughs soundlessly, punch-drunk on the triumph of a case and a fist fight and a date all in one. "That was
And John has just been sitting here, knowing that, for
Because people don't like me?" He jerked up even straighter now, fired up and going a mile a minute, his eyes burning as he spit the words out in a blind fury. "Sexuality is not a personality quirk, John, it is a very simple, biological fact, and just because it is something that
Tomorrow.
"One last thing, actually-- I was wondering, do you have any idea where Dr. Oscar Wilson might be? I stopped by his office earlier, and he wasn't in."
He. Wanted. To. Go. Home. Right. Now.
There is next to nothing to clean up, Sherlock's own release drying on the sheets that they'll wash in the morning, though he can tell John really just wants to be useful. As if he has not already been of indescribable use. John strokes his hair for another minute, Sherlock still pulled close up to him and settled with his head against his shoulder. He's curled safely in John's arms, feeling their weight and constancy around him, and John refuses to let go, and this is the limit. This is the most of what John wants that Sherlock can still give him.
But for a man who just got divorced, he looks- surprisingly okay.
A very big part of John wants to jump for joy. Wants to get up and sing a bloody song and then turn around on Sherlock, to press him for more.
That's great, that's convenient..."
But Sherlock is still panting, in that
And they give him the label anyway, because Sherlock refuses to even try to communicate in any meaningful way, and that leaves them unable to give him any other diagnosis except this one.
They pulled up to Cambridge with a very quiet Sherlock in tow. John and Greg were left to make casual conversation on the way, while the genius man of the hour just sat there next to John, taking up space and not much else. He occupied his time with glaring silently straight out the window, and ignoring the rest of existence.
He keeps up his meant to be soothing litany of what is probably babbling nonsense. Gently coaxing Sherlock back to him, with endearments and soft praise, because Sherlock absorbs praise like a sponge. It works, very slowly, Sherlock's heart still thundering beneath his hand, but it's all John can do. And it's not enough. It will never be anywhere near enough.
John jolted again. He was suddenly very, very glad that his back was currently to Sherlock.
"And friend," John overrides. He smiles that glorious, cold as ice, John Watson smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you.
"I'd like a divorce."
"...Hey. Sherlock." God, but carrying this conversation out while in a crowded corridor of a crime scene and holding the lift doors open wasn't exactly a good idea, but they didn't exactly have an alternative, and his concern was well and truly awoken now. "Listen, if you really don't want to take this case--"
Victor's pale, scruffy jaw tightened.
this was not part of The Plan. The Plan wasn't even necessary anymore, clearly, and he should've ended it weeks ago. But John liked the damn thing, and even Mrs. Hudson had said it brightened the place up, and-
Sherlock cleared his throat after several moments, looking particularly ill at ease, as if he could barely look John in the eye. "Then... why
"Sher
draping himself out over a shrink's bloody couch, he has been here for
That was it. No more.
John, she listens to.
started to form in his stomach. For a moment it felt like all the air had been robbed from the room and all that was left was the seething anger inside his head.
. "I'm not doing anything official. "
All that did was reaffirm John's decision that this was something they needed to talk about. Right now. He didn't want to start a relationship with someone who'd give him a miserable, reluctant, unwilling but verbal
That is what he has done now, huddled back into dusty corner, trying to scream. For help, in pain, for John. His arms are still stuck behind him and he protects himself with his knees, but the look on his face is vacant still-- his body is there, but Sherlock himself is not. Sherlock himself is far, far away, locked himself deep in his palace where it's safe. Because he is not safe here anymore.
"Well... yes. But before, you and her--"
Well, he'd probably have spent a lot of time there, too.
John moves back home, and then he realises what he's done. He realises Sherlock will never go on a traditional date, because he'll not ever want to. He realises Sherlock is a high-functioning sociopath who will disregard anniversaries and delete everything that matters, because he is cruel and and a machine and heartless, and will never be able to give John what he needs. He realises Sherlock will make inappropriate deductions at the worst of times, and he will make their friends cry, and no amount of
because John was still his friend, his best friend, but now he was even more. "Is this okay?" he asked, very close, his hand cupping the nape of his neck. "Do you want to keep doing this a little more?"
Sherlock huffed and did not look at him. "Nonsense." He poked the button for the lift, hard, like he was trying to stab it straight through. "I intend to spend as little time here as possible. If anything, you must get home to Watson."
John still tastes faintly of soap, which mind palace John never does, and he's not as demanding as mind palace John. Because it's not what he wants, not at all, but it is what he needs. Sherlock needs this, now, the control of it, and John lets him have it without question.
So far, he's managed to keep this a secret from his readers. There have been no headlines, proclaiming that the great hat detective has lost his voice; there have been no nosy reporters shoving microphones into his face to try and force him to talk. Mycroft's worked his magic, Lestrade gives his officers their orders, and the nature of the story does the rest. It takes a higher quality reporter than the tabloid trash that tends to stalk Sherlock, to realise that their subject has not spoken in so long that it can only mean something is wrong.
"That's right."
(now with a typo regarding the timeline fixed; mea culpa!)
"They're sure taking an awful long time to show up, Sherlock." John frowns over Sherlock's shoulder and out the window, his finger scratching his restlessness into the napkin. "Are you sure they're coming tonight?"
Once again, the stab of jealousy was still there, twisted in his stomach, but the blade was dull.
John may not be able to stop Mycroft. But he will raise
"For god's sake, Sherlock, sit
Yes. He had.
Sherlock has not yet been fully awake yet. They have had no opportunity to actually talk to him, and establish that he knows where he is, what is going on, that he is safe. John has had a few one-sided conversations with him, but Sherlock was always bleary-eyed and silent, intoxicated on a stream of narcotics. John would not be surprised at all if Sherlock, brilliant though he is, has no memory of anything that he has been told.
The silence stretches on. The receptionist looks more and more confused, as Sherlock apparently got her attention just to stand there gaping like a fish. The security guards are lost, too, but Sherlock-- he's still trying. He's so
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock could take care of himself, but John couldn't help it. He wanted to protect Sherlock and right now, there was something telling him that he needed protecting.
Something must've shown on John's face at that, because Mycroft rolled his eyes again, shaking his head. "Nothing as dramatic as you're thinking. This isn't a movie. He didn't hurt them, John. He just... drove them off. After years of abuse, it wasn't very difficult. Most that I could track down had dropped out or transferred to another program. Almost none of those that had stayed with him were successful." Mycroft turned sour, setting his cup down with a hard, cold
"I do. God help me." He pauses a moment, his gaze lingering again out the window, and swipes a bite from Sherlock's plate. "I also don't mind the free cake, though."
Sherlock settles himself down into his armchair, and looks.
John squints at him, when he does not move. Something of it must show on his face, because he blinks and starts to sit halfway up, or perhaps it's the scrap of paper, clutched between two clammy fingers and extended halfway out, frozen in midair. He's trying to give it to John. It's been written for ninety-five minutes, because he's planned every single word of this conversation. He must give it to John.
"I didn't say that. I have never met Dr. Wilson, and as I've said, the few patient interactions that I've had with Sherlock are confidential. All I have are your impressions, John," she said, frowning. "What I am saying is that abusive relationships, especially ones that last for a while or are otherwise significant in a person's life, can skew how someone sees relationships for a long time. When your most significant experiences with a relationship are toxic, negative, and painful, it's a natural defense mechanism to be wary of relationships in the future." She looked at him solemnly, as if waiting for the penny to drop. The penny that she still held in her own hands. "It's not healthy. But it is natural."
Public interaction that is humiliating. That John
His first stop is Scotland Yard.
Mycroft?" he spits. Now Sherlock isn't the only one shaking. "Because the way I hear it, Sherlock got clean because Lestrade gave him an ultimatum. He got clean because
He's frozen on the spot. He gulps for air, John can see it from here, one hand clutching at his chest while the other is suddenly shaking, hanging onto the counter for dear life. Combined with having staggered himself into an A&E, a panting and clearly desperate wreck, now he looks like he might just be having chest pain or an anxiety attack, and the receptionist is looking as if she's torn between calling security or a doctor. It's not helping. It's not helping Sherlock's state at all.
Sherlock rolled to face the back of the couch again, bunching his knees close to his chest. Looking at John right now was culminating in an indescribable weight inside his chest, a protective fury and self-loathing disgust and a seething horror that tingled in the very tips of his fingers, the need to snap Moriarty's little neck, and-
But they are hardwired into his brain. The scars they formed are neurological,
And that was that John could now actually make the most of them.
Sherlock makes a face down at the soup, just because he's meant to. Being difficult is who he is. But then he considers the warm bowl, clutched between his hands, and he considers the tea. He considers the tiny flakes of shredded pork John is nudging into said bowl as they speak.
He has not.
"Well," Sherlock said, through a smile that was every bit as shiny plastic as Andrews'. "If you'll excuse me, it seems that my expertise is needed. I'm sure you're unfamiliar with the feeling. Run along, now-- mock a student or two." His smile slid even more into a sneer, and he strode straight past, so brusquely the weight of his shoulder nearly bore Andrews right into the wall. "That would be
Sherlock kisses him in front of all of Scotland Yard and Jim Moriarty's dead body.
He would, of course. He would.
"That was never--" Oscar stopped and swallowed, clearly made uncomfortable by the continuing silence, the expectation for more. "That was never even a real relationship, you know. Which you didn't want anyway, did you? You were never normal."
Jim Moriarty.
Sherlock."
How could anyone ever believe that this man is a heartless sociopath? How could anyone ever spend more than two minutes with him, and actually walk away believing he doesn't care about anything but himself?
John stands there, and begins to systematically and affectionately record every single last thing about this moment, no matter how small. To take every
His eyes blaze as he waves a fist, one of the few signs John knows, the sign for
But Mycroft is only looking increasingly exasperated the longer that this goes on. Clearly, he had not expected to have to argue his point against John, too, and with this latest protest looks about to just throw his hands up and call in the men in the white coats to take them
A diploma, for Victor.
Sherlock tugs on John's hand to attract his attention, frowning out the window after them. It's a group of three men, idiots, as usual, though these are below average even for London's criminal classes, but they've lucked into a scheme that is far above their competency levels, and one that has been absolutely delighting Sherlock. He swallows another bite of cake, watching very, very carefully as they congregate on the street.
"Sherlock, stop it. Stop this. Stop excusing it! I-- I hurt you. I could've
"I'll speak to Oscar," he said.
He stopped.
"Jesus, Sherlock," he whispered, slumped back in his chair. "This whole time..."
"Oh, it's nothing. I've got a class in ten minutes; do you mind if we move this along?"
John laughed, a vibration that Sherlock felt into his own hands and chest. "Of course. And you'll drink it, even when you complain that it's missing two milligrams of sugar or the temperature is off by .4 degrees, or whatever nitpicky thing that's wrong with it."
"Breakfast?"
Sherlock does cooperate willingly enough, after that. He eats the three biscuits, and accepts the cup of tea with little more than a small, contented sigh. It's a bit of a risk to sit next to him, but John takes it anyway, and after giving him a few moments to get used to it, he risks curling an arm around him.
He flattens himself into the sofa. Lovely, perfect sofa. Sherlock molds himself into the warm, unspeakably glorious cushion, underneath the soft, no-longer-despicable-hospital blanket.
"Brother mine," he said quietly.
The thought of Sherlock going through that breaks his heart. But the reason he stands his ground right now is because he knows that it will not help him.
"You're going to need fattening up, dear. This time I'm not taking no for an answer. And you're so
Mycroft stalks across the room to snatch the needle out of his hand, red-faced and seething. "You are about to throw away years of sobriety and months of hard work all on a childish fit of impatience! For
It wasn't as bad as it could've been. He wasn't really touching Sherlock's skin, and the thick, white cover of shaving cream distorted his features and his mouth in particular. It was easy enough to distance himself, and treat him as he would any other patient. Even if Sherlock was the only patient he'd do this for.
Because surely this experience wasn't normal. He wanted to believe that this, and feeling like this, was not how a Proper Date would normally go. That how Oscar made him feel wasn't normal, and he felt like this because of Oscar and Victor, not because this was how he was supposed to feel, what John wanted him to feel. Because this was... he felt
John folds his arm around him without waiting for anything more. Sherlock is bigger than him and unwilling to move his arm and they're sitting on rough and pointy gravel, but he pulls him into as close a hug as he can make it. He catches his fingers in his hair and nudges Sherlock's face into his shoulder, and it's a sign of just how
"I'm not his date!"
This was the second time in a month he'd stood over a beaten man shivering on the ground after putting him there himself, and his fist clenched to keep him down. This was the second time he looked down at somebody on the floor and wanted to stomp his foot down and feel ribs break underneath it.
kissed
but the man says nothing, just sits there with a raised eyebrow and his eyes on Sherlock. John, a knot in his stomach, is helpless to do anything but follow his gaze, and find what it is that he sees.
It doesn't look like 2012 John. This John is older. This John is tired. This John is wounded and he hurts and so much of it is Sherlock's fault, and no matter how
"Can you give me just a few more days?" He breathed deeply again, still stroking her hair, but he sniffed once and battled all the tears back into just silent grief in the back of his throat. He'd cried all over Sherlock; he wouldn't cry all over Rosie, too. "I'm so sorry. You're being so wonderful. So brave, love. Just give me a few more days to make things right, okay?"
was meant to
John is home. He's not going anywhere.
poison, it's almost always absolutely brilliant--"
The incredulity of it suddenly hits him and he wants to throw the pen. After
Maybe Sherlock doesn't even know himself, what it is that he wants.
John grasps into Sherlock's shoulders again, long before he's even gotten his breath back. He hauls Sherlock up to him inch by sweaty inch and traps his face in his hands, staring at him in what is so much more, so
John shoved to his feet, his throat working furiously and his eyes gone from clear to stormy in the space of a second. For a second, Sherlock almost expected him to throw a punch, but all he did was haul his jacket up from the arm of the chair. "All right, then," he snapped, shrugging it on, "all right," and it wasn't a surprise at all when the door shut with a slam.
He snatches one of the 250 mL beakers, and hurls it to shatter in the corner that's the farthest away from Sherlock.
Sherlock shifts on the ground, suddenly and exorbitantly uncomfortable. He says nothing. Of course he says nothing.
John frowned.
But that wasn't what this was. Sherlock wasn't afraid of
A scream builds in his chest until he can feel it tearing at the inside of his own lungs.
He hangs his head and breathes.
Sherlock's nervous, ever fluttering hands, wrung together and gone stock still. His long, white fingers are curled around each other, twisted against his wrists, a spotlight shining on the lines and lines of red scratches. Anxious, raw marks, cut by Sherlock's own fingernails into Sherlock's own skin. He can not hide them, and he can not pretend they are anything other than what they are. Sherlock is so anxious by what is happening here right now that he has scratched his own arms red, raw, and bleeding.
is a decomposing liver from Barts."
Next chapter is another important one, where we take a long trip back to the very beginning...
"No. He's f-" He chokes on the word
There's no more he can do now, not without stripping him out of his coat and shirt, and he can't do that, not with Sherlock like this. He holds the limb absolutely still and rubs his shoulder and oh,
Sherlock sulks, and pouts, and seethes, and in general spends the entire evening hating himself as destructively as he can.
Oscar tried to flinch away again, his jaw tight and staring at John like an animal backed into a corner. It was a look he'd seen a hundred times before, in a suspect that he had chased down while Sherlock spelled out every detail of the crime to a room full of police and he was searching for a way out that wasn't there. The chance for redemption had been suffocated long before he'd ever even met Sherlock, and all the pieces had already been cast.
"I will, Osc... Dr. Wilson." Victor slid another step back, chewing hard on his pen. He lingered in the doorway, his fingers scratching hard at his earring all of a sudden, dark eyes darting between the professor and Sherlock.
"Don't be ridiculous, John," Sherlock sighs. It's muffled into the pillow, the lovely, perfect pillow,
"Sherlock?"
"All right," he finally said.
"Mary never hit me or Rosie. Not once."
, or I'll tell Mummy which one of us
This was for the best.
"You smell like wine," John chuckles, his breath warm against his skin. His eyes are heavy with sleep, one only half-open at all, but so close and blue and soft Sherlock could drown in them
inside him but in just this exact moment that he has right now, he doesn't need to say anything at all.
Sherlock's head drops. He just keels over, all the strength bleached out of his spine, forehead pillowed onto his knee and shoulders falling with it. He's almost grey and his eyes are as pale and cold as his skin.
It's a solid, heavy, dependable piece of furniture. It's just long enough for him to stretch out on, and the cushions are ideal for him curling with his back to the room and throwing the perfect strop. When he lies on his back or his side, he lets an arm dangle to trace the deep furrows in the left leg, from that one time when Sherlock had had a sword fight with a client turned thief. (To which John's stunned fit of a reaction had been absolutely transcendent, and archived safely in the palace.)
Proud. Because he manages to be something approaching a functional human being, that must keep schedules and work to manage what everybody else does as easily as second nature.
How long had the call stayed open? He knows Sherlock, he wouldn't have hung up right away, not when John had disappeared like that. Had he heard the cacophony of the fist fight? He must have; John had ended up wrestled to the floor next to the receptionist's computer and the basket of intake folders, it would've been so loud-- oh, shit, shit,
and some additional discomfort a few days from now, he knows which one he'll pick.
be interesting! This conference! That I told you about days ago! Sherlock-" John kneaded a hand into the bridge of nose, and he actually looked a bit annoyed, now. "All right. I'm not going because it's my job, I'm going because I
But after drowning his sorrows in one too many drinks the night before, tossing and turning in a restless, horrible sleep, and rolling out of bed sick to his stomach and feeling even more like a piece of trash than usual the next morning, he knew that he just couldn't put this off any longer. It was killing him to wait, and he wasn't spending the days working out what he was going to say. He just sat there, stewing, feeling worse and worse about himself, and there just had to come a point where it stopped.
John proceeds to type and subsequently delete a reply for over two minutes.
An awful feeling of rage and grief collecting there inside him, John settles back on his heels, showing Sherlock his hands. "What can I do?" He forces himself to remain still. He needs to make Sherlock feel safe. Everything else comes after this first step. "Tell me what you need me to do. You're safe, Sherlock. We got you out, and you're in hospital. You're okay, or you're going to be, just as soon as you stop bleeding on the floor, love. Okay?" Sherlock blinks again, his glazed eyes jerky and hostile, and John slowly lowers his hands, just an inch closer. "Just tell me what you need from me to prove it to you."
And then, very, very slightly--
They exchange a few more bites of cake, John's ability to understand what Sherlock signs degrading with each additional sip of wine. He makes up for it by tangling his free hand with Sherlock's, trapping it in a way that renders him more mute than he already is, but this time, he finds himself all right with it. It's even more of an incentive to drag himself the final few inches and unstick his throat.
He hugs Bosco, and he weeps and laughs, and it's enough.
The kettle boiled. He took it off the heat, feeling Sherlock's eyes digging into his back with every step. He measured it out into the mugs already on the counter-- one glass, one still plastic, he noted-- and added a metric ton of sugar to the plastic one. The sugary cake at the cake place had been the brightest he'd seen Sherlock's eyes in weeks.
"I said no!" Sherlock shouted, and just like that, the other shoe fell. The angry, hostile boy from before was back, on the defensive and very, very ready to go on the offensive instead. "I said no, did you hear me? No! I am not doing anything official. I will not be at anyone's beck and call, none of you will be able to tell me what to do, you will be on my time, do you understand me? I don't want to be paid or get credit. You will listen to me when I have something to say and then you will leave me alone." He reeled backwards again, rocking back and forth, starting to pant as his rant turned wild, his eyes manic and glowing in the dark. "I know what you want from me," he spat, "I know it. It's what
She is looking at Sherlock.
He doesn't bring it up again.
What he finds makes his brain short-circuit.
and pivoted back to face John. He was still red in the face and his lips were tight, betraying a quiet, simmering anger, but he stood there and looked down at him and had gone almost unnaturally still. "You have no idea how old Sherlock was the first time."
"It was
Sherlock exhales an irritated breath, rolling his eyes heavenward. Once again, he is as put out and annoyed as an exasperated teenager. He nods his head exactly once, giving John a look that drips with condescension.
John could kill him. John could shoot him in the face just like Sherlock had shot Magnussen for him.
"You're going to be angry with me."
what they need, for Sherlock to get
Sherlock glared.
Flirting with Molly to get his way doesn't work the way that it used to. He also just doesn't quite have the heart for it, anymore. Sherlock sighs, the desire for an experiment passing as quickly as it had come, and instead is languid and lax with disuse and
"Of course," the researcher said, already turning back to the papers spread across her desk. "Whatever I can do to help."
And he couldn't.
and Sherlock is- relearning to walk. A text conversation debating the potential veracity of one of Mary's claims is interrupted by the brisk striding in of a team of nurses, there to cart him off for yet another scan. He's trying not to gag on mushy steamed peas and demanding to be weaned off IV painkillers while the world moves on, and there is precisely nothing he can do to stop it.
of Dr. Andrews'?"
Sherlock who didn't do relationships at all, Sherlock who might just say yes to him anyway because John was starting to see that there really was nothing he could ask that Sherlock would say no to...
Dinner. Sherlock hated fancy restaurants. He barely even tolerated dinner. Dinner. With a fucking candle for the table.
"Mhmm." John grinned, stepping all the way back against the cab. "And... how do you feel right now, Sherlock?"
been this angry at someone for his own sake. But he was furious now and he was just too tired to reign it in anymore.
He squeezes his eyes shut, pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock is standing at the sign-in desk for A&E. He is a sight to behold. He gestures madly with his coat disheveled and the usual knot of his scarf hanging loose, and if John didn't know any better, he would've thought Sherlock was on something, too. The receptionist is midway through pushing him back, as if she's just had to double back to stop him from swinging around the counter to check the computer himself.
"Yes, well, I may have exaggerated slightly the-"
Sherlock, once again, giggled.
John is- gloriously happy, nowadays. Lighter, and smiling more; he is positively incandescent. He has been on cloud nine ever since monopolizing Mycroft's services as a divorce attorney.
Sherlock refuses to rise to the bait, and the worried knot in John's stomach grows until it's almost impossible to swallow.
He wanted to stab him.
It's the same urgency that had driven him out the window to ambush an assassin in an abandoned building with stitches torn inside his chest. But now there is no window. Now John takes one look at him, and installs a cluedo app on the tablet and they can play even when he's gone home for the night, and when he visits he brings Sherlock takeout and tea and sometimes even holds his hand. And it's
John's phone buzzes in his pocket. He doesn't want to take his eyes off Sherlock, not even for a second, so it's not until the detective suddenly spins on him that he realises what he's missed.
The first time John sees him, it is tantamount to shell shock.
and knew it, he was special. He could do it. Of course he could do it.
And not only on him.
that he is, and he doesn't say a word.
he didn't care. Whatever Sherlock had done or wanted to do, his life was better with this man not in it.
that he's just about to cock his fist back for the fourth time, when he hears it.
John all but stomped across the room, stepping over the books left on the floor in Mycroft's search and without regard for the still semi-full tea cup left behind. "I'm going to find Sherlock," he snapped, hauling his jacket up from the sofa. "I don't care if you come with me or sit here and dust the kitchen table, Mycroft. I'm going. He--" John zipped his jacket up, rage swelling in his throat, then swiveled back around only one step on to the door. "What the hell is wrong with him?! Why would he
An experiment would probably end disastrously. And then John would look at him with such disappointment and irritation, and he doesn't know the expiration date of John's newfound patience for him, but surely there is one and this would be a surefire way to find it.
He can't hear it. It's too soft, but there's something there. Something about it--
Chemical intervention is an obvious and brilliant idea.
He'd expected this conversation to be an unpleasant one, at least. He'd already predicted his first night home might very well end in John going for a walk that lasts until morning. Unfortunate, yes.
"Right," John murmurs, voice a little high and breathless. He leans his forehead against Sherlock's, cradling his face, his eyes steady and his skin pink. "I'm only going to say this once, because I know you don't like apologies, and moping isn't going to help either of us at all, so I'm just going to say this once and then shut the book on it. Sherlock. I'm sorry for how I've been acting and how hard this must have been for you. I'm sorry that I have to sit here monologuing at you because I can't understand anything back that you want to say. I'm sorry that I haven't listened to you and paid attention to what you were trying to tell me. I love you, and all I want to do right now is to help you. If you're happy, then so am I. All we need to do is work out a new way for you to tell me I'm an idiot." He smiles tentatively, like he's not sure if it's allowed at all, and even less sure if it will be returned. One cold hand curls against the side of his face and the other drops to squeeze even tighter around his. "Okay?"
One last chapter, and as promised, a little bit of healing fluff to make up for your suffering <3
"Is this small talk? Is that what this is?"
word that he says. It feels
"Sorry, sorry--" Sherlock's nostrils flare, impatience blazing under the surface, and John can barely scramble his phone out fast enough. "Hang on, will you... Greg? He wants to know about the security system. Were any alarms tripped?"
Sherlock moves at John's shoulder suddenly, tense and jerky with those wild eyes, but he's trying. He's scared, but he's
"All right, all
Was this karma? Sherlock derided the very existence of the so ridiculously fanciful, and determinably unprovable, but- what other answer was there? He was a good person. By... some very strict, limited definition but- still! A good person! He solved crimes for the incompetent; he didn't deserve this!
"All right," he announces at last, clearing his throat in the quiet. There is simply nothing else left for him to even pretend to do. "That's... I guess that's... that, then. You ready to go?"
Now he opens his mouth to throw himself past that wall, and he is Sherlock Holmes, isn't he? He can do
"So... I guess Mary is..."
John takes another few moments, again clearly choosing his words very, very carefully. It seemed he still felt badly for earlier this evening.
John sways for a moment, faintly woozy. His head hurts, his stomach is swimming, and it feels like he's had one too much to drink.
He's not angry, at Sherlock. How could he be?
It is a first step.
That's just about enough for Sherlock to shut his phone off all-together, and recommence trying to find his own fucking way out of this awful alley.
It's nothing impressive, or challenging to play, or... well. It's not good. Sherlock uncaps his pen and realises he doesn't know what to write; it's as if the block is still
the focal point of the entire case."
He'd lost any right to ever hoping he could have something with Sherlock the day he'd hit him. The day he'd written that letter. The best he could hope for now was to just be Sherlock's friend again, and do what he could to make sure he was happy.
"I'll be here."
"Well," he said warmly, and gave Sherlock's hand a tight, welcoming squeeze. "Aren't we special?"
And then there were the tidbits about him being sickly and unwell, and Mycroft having to pull strings for him, which... what was
god, at least he had this, at least he wasn't
he thought bitterly.
Mind palace John finds him again, because he's too miserable to even pretend it's not what he wants. He sinks deeper into his own head, the emergency lights dimming as his breaths steady and the urgent alarms switching off when his body understands that he is safe, and the danger is only in skin and muscle memory, reminiscent in fear. John wraps around him in the morgue and mind palace John lets him sink onto his side, clutched around his lap in the dark.
Sherlock still struggles to write, and John still struggles to sign. Even If John had learned sign language as fast as Sherlock, he doubts how helpful it would be.
And then, something crumbled, and he dropped down to bury his face in his hands. "Fuck," he gasped, the word muffled, "I thought I'd--" He took a great, gasping breath again, shivering down to his core. He looked thin and sick and stricken. But the instant Greg started to raise a hand in alarm, Sherlock drew even further back, flinched hard back into his corner of the sofa. He hadn't even needed to lower his hands to see Greg making an approach.
"What
None of this would've fucking happened if Sherlock had valued himself enough to open up his mouth and say
Because Sherlock had now started to unbutton his current shirt, his dressing gown already shrugged off to spill around him in a pool of blue silk. If helping him
"So I'm not waking up an elderly woman in the middle of the night just because you can't be arsed enough to keep a house plant alive!" John set about crumpling his sandwich wrapper next, very likely in case he decided he needed another projectile weapon. "You know what? No. I'm not going, this time. You are."
"I feel much better, and for the last time, I'm clean as a whistle. My most likely cause of death at the moment is expiring from boredom, but wonderful Geoff has arrived here with the cure! Haven't you, Geoff?"
"You said you were serious." Sherlock pulled back from John with his face transformed, pale as milk, and underneath his hard eyes there was something close to genuine fear. "You
Sherlock's throat swells, jumping underneath his scarf as his face reddens even more. At first, John wants to continue moving down the gravel, because slow and easy progress is better than no progress at all. But Sherlock quivers, stumbling and gone slightly glassy-eyed, and John decides a couple minutes of rest will be much more helpful than a couple steps of progress.
he is beautiful. He's a live wire that sparks and snaps and lights up an entire room, and it's a small miracle that he doesn't just off and bolt before John's finished tying his shoes.
"Sherlock, you said you were so scared of what this could be that you would rather be with someone that you can't fucking stand than me. And I know we don't really talk about things like that, but if this is going to work, then I sort of think we bloody well need to talk about that."
Sherlock--
"But," she said. "You just described to me how your partner-- platonic or not, he's still your partner, John-- relapsed on a very serious drug addiction, put himself in an incredibly dangerous situation, and attempted suicide, all to stop you from leaving him. In a more ordinary situation, without the extenuating factors present here, I would consider that a serious red flag."
"Can I have a black coffee, please?"
There was an odd weight, hanging in his chest. An uncomfortable sort of pain lodged there that made it just a bit hard to breathe, and even harder to stand there, just inches away from Sherlock's face, staring down into his eyes. This was-- this was much worse than shaving him had been. This was so much worse.
As long as he actually agreed to go on the case.
to hurt John Watson.
Sherlock does his best to frown, to frown severely and sternly and above all else, calmly. He does his best to
The crime scene was was an office near the end of the corridor, where the professor had been discovered shot dead and bleeding by one of his graduate students. It was cramped and crowded, too crowded for even Sherlock to bulldoze his way through, and John ended up waiting in the corridor with an increasingly sulky genius consulting detective as they waited for the forensics team to slowly file their way out. By the look on his face, anyone who so much as looked at him the wrong way had a solid chance at winding up with a knife in the back.
A breath stuttered over the phone. Across the room, Mycroft stared at him in pale, barely disguised alarm, and John steadily turned away. This was not his business.
not in control. John could make him-- John can make him
As if he is any such thing.
"Sherlock, I'm trying to help you, but--"
"Go home?"
By the answering look on John's face, his smile still quick and bright and clever and sure, John knows it, just as well as Sherlock.
Sherlock stares, and John, his eyes clear and bright and his face set in stone, stares right back.
He texted the address, and waited
"Oh, thank god,
Sherlock smirks to himself. John may not be the best actor in the world, but he does play a very convincing drunk.
He'd have smacked himself, if that wouldn't have gotten Molly's attention and ruined his whole entire plan. Slapped himself across the face to knock himself out of this falling spiral, to just dislodge the words he
to me about sent'ment, you fat interfa... interfer...
not a bloody--
"I've also never done anything as ill-advised as what you're contemplating."
Sherlock waved at the words, brushing them away. Irrelevant. Of course he'd come. The case had needed solving, yes? A case wasn't solved mid-kidnapping. Nor was it solved with Sarah Sawyer and John in the hands of Chinese mobsters.
And there was that
Just like that day at Cambridge. He'd been reluctant to get into the lift to begin with, but when it had stopped off at the floor for the chemistry labs, for that one moment, he hadn't been able to make himself move.
as what he wants.
This is enough.
"Why didn't you let me in on your plan?"
Sherlock nods to himself in the mirror.
"And the only reason he was in that hospital bed in the first place is because of me. I put him there. I hit... I
"Nothing for us to do until preliminary blood test results are back. Come on!"
Sherlock rolls his eyes, not bothering to deign
"Sherlock!" John called again, even louder than before. "Oi, Sherlock, are you listening? One of us needs to go home."
He leaned his head against John's for a moment, breathing against him. His fingers had curled almost shyly into the hem of his shirt, and that was impossible and incredible, too. Everything about this was better than John could've ever imagined and more than he could've ever believed.
Sherlock said nothing. Sherlock did nothing. Sherlock stood there, staring with hard almost glazed eyes at the lift, the line of his back perfectly straight and his features as if carved from marble. He stood there and stared and was so very still it was as if he'd forgotten how to breathe. And not for the first time today. Not even for the first time since they'd come to this bloody school.
He dry-swallows his argument, and the oxycodone with it.
reaching out for help again.
His old teachers, when discussing what to do with him, what class (or closet) to put him where he wouldn't be
"Wh--"
"Right.
enough.
His tired eyes passed straight over Sherlock as if he was little more than an inanimate object, lounging long and lazy on the sofa, and he thudded over instead to sink straight into his chair.
Oscar moved a bit on the sofa, pressing sideways to make more room for Sherlock. He still held his arm out to him and never once stopped smiling. "It's all right," he promised again, warm and welcoming. "It's really all right, Sherlock-- nobody likes it their first few times. You just have to learn how, you know? This is something that adults do. And I've told you before, I know a lot of students, Sherlock-- you're
Surely he can manage the monumental task of
Mycroft and Sherlock are alone in the flat. This time, Mycroft is most clearly not here for a case.
He weighed the letter in his hands. He felt the smooth paper, the smooth lines of the typed address, the creases of the envelope and the heaviness of the contents inside.
Sherlock stares at him, his eyes hard and glassy. He curls his fingers together loosely, a slow, rhythmic stroking, the same way he thumbs around a cigarette or sucks on a pen. His face remains entirely expressionless as the deductions flicker through his brilliant head.
He slumps even deeper into his chair, trying to pull off an annoyed, unbothered sulk, but underneath it all he is only unsettled. He hasn't seen Mycroft this angry in years. And for what? A temporary relapse? One experimental hit, just to see what happens?
one with a response.
No matter how much Sherlock hated it, he wasn't ready to start another relationship right now. He especially wasn't ready to start one with John.
"Yes, and I also told you I was dead for two years; I'm a liar, John. You should know that by now." He smiles at him, and by the look on John's face, it comes out every bit as horrible as it feels. "That lie wasn't even a good one. Addicts always find an excuse, don't they? Didn't Mycroft tell you that while you two were playing
The next morning, John's arms around him don't stir until his alarm goes off on his phone. Sherlock has half a mind to banish the phone and the noises it makes to the nearest beaker of acid, but John only groans into his shoulder, reaching all the way over him to turn it off.
" He paces back and forth, tearing at his hair with his eyes gone wide and horrified. "I can't believe this! This whole time I've been so worried, trying to figure out what could've possibly caused this, and this whole time, it was-- no. No,
The minutes pass with him crumbled into the bottom of his palace, and soon, it's Molly and John.
He's healthy, too. He's likely healthier than he has ever been since early childhood. He eats regularly, and he sleeps, and though cases still throw a wrench into it all he has a schedule, daily minima, and he tries to stick to it, because Mycroft can go and choke to death on a poisoned cake
I thought she was going to be staying with you and John, Jesus- they've only been married a month!"
And as they go on, Sherlock fumbling to talk and Donovan struggling to translate, John thinks he understands. It is the entire reason Sherlock had manipulated and schemed him out to this scene today in the first place. Sherlock knows he is still hurt, and he knows he is still struggling-- just as much as he knows he probably will continue to be, for a very long time. John has refused to let himself acknowledge this. He's refused to look at Sherlock's inability to speak as anything more than a temporary problem, because... because
But Francis, once again, only answers by being even more unimpressed than before. He traces a thumb up and down the side of his glass, looking at Sherlock in a way that is very difficult to define. "Then you don't need to ask him for further support. He can be as involved in this, or uninvolved, as you want him to be. But from what you've told me of him, I think he would be very glad to know what you're trying to do."
"You're sure?" he asked. It was now the third time that he'd asked today alone, this time waiting with his jacket done up and his bag over his shoulder. It was a stupid question. He was already standing right by the door. "You always said my interview skills were horrible. If you--"
"I should likely apologise for the deception. But it was crucially, vitally
"He did exactly what he was supposed to. He wanted to use, and he called someone he trusted and told them rather than going out and doing it. He did the right thing and you will not make him feel badly for it." He lifted the phone back to his ear, straining to hear the continuing rasp of breaths on the other end. "Sherlock?"
by the biggest idiot in the chemistry department.
It's disgusting as it is predictable. Because he has seen this coming, of course. He has been told by just about everyone he has ever met, how
"Stanley Milgram conducted an experiment into obedience to authority figures in 1961. As I've said, though you never listen, highly criticised now as unethical, but I'm sure it doesn't surprise you to know that I'm not interested in the ethics of behavioral psychology."
I love you
John stays still. His back to Sherlock, he stares down now at the heating up kettle, gone very tense and stiff, like a coiled spring. He's listening, and he already doesn't like what he's hearing.
"Well, he's refused outpatient treatment thus far, as we've discussed, John. You have already expressed to me that you think treatment would be a good idea... the next logical step is, naturally, inpatient."
If he had to go on a date at all, which he didn't bloody want to in the first place, because it felt like
Scratch asking Mrs. Hudson to get a dog, then.
His place, right now, was at home with Sherlock. And working things out so that nothing this stupid ever happened again.
"I'm quite sure, John." Sherlock remained reclined in his armchair, pajama-clad and dressing gown-draped, absolutely still with his eyes shut. The nausea, at least, had abated. With his fingers interlaced under his chin and his long lashes against his cheek and clean-shaven again, he looked like an especially lazy Greek statute.
he is, how frustrating, and unreasonable, and
"--and all we needed was one bloody word before you go running off a cliff all half-cocked, Sherlock, all I'm
"You," Sherlock insisted.
Next up on the docket was Dr. Jacequline Macron, a lecturer in pharmacology. She, too, had been around Cambridge since Sherlock would've been a student here, and this time, she was already on her own way out the door. She was even more direct than her colleague. "All alone today? Sherlock always was a little flakey."
"That one," Dr. Andrews sighed, shaking his head. "Never could quite manage a polite conversation." He turned fully to John, holding out his hand again. "And that'd make you Dr. Watson, then? I've seen you in the news, too."
He hadn't had more than three seconds to deduce it.
Sherlock flinched backwards so severely he nearly upended the tea to the floor, and Greg with it. He hit the back of the couch and stared at him with eyes blown wide, breaths short and angry and nostrils flared, and... and
has been leading this entire damn charge. "That is
Sherlock was completely dead to the world. As tall and lanky as he was, Mycroft had clearly had difficulty getting him up the stairs, and given up entirely on battling a probably still drunkenly intractable Sherlock to stay comfortably in bed. Instead, Sherlock had wound up poured onto his side on top of of the blankets, halfway drooling onto his pillow, still fully dressed, and into such an awkward sprawl of numb limbs that he might've passed for dead.
"I loved him," he said again. Defiant, almost like a challenge; daring John to hear it and daring John to believe it. He remained in the kitchen, up on his feet and looming over John like a vengeful, furious shadow. "And he said that he loved me. It never would've worked, though. He could never get past how guilty he felt. He looked at me and on some level always just saw the stupid, conceited boy that had been with Oscar, and that was it. He could never bring himself to do more than kiss me. By the end I was twenty, and smarter than him, and I was on more coke than he could ever take but he still couldn't do it. Some part of him always saw me as fifteen, and naive, and-- a child. A child that needed to be taken care of."
It takes a moment, for what Mycroft is truly asking of his brother to register. Once it does, John can hardly believe his ears.
is incredible. He does this like he always has and it's as natural to him as breathing.
He bustles in so loudly that it ought to be a criminal offense, a noisy cacophony of plastic and the smell of Chinese takeaway that jolts Sherlock from sleep ever bit as violently as a taser. The smile on his face is so firm it might as well be glued there. "Good morning!" he announces, and it is decidedly not morning. "Come on, none of that, Sherlock. I've got your favourite."
"John--"
He makes for the door with a tuneless swing of his umbrella, looking with each step to be a kicked dog with its tail between its legs.
Clearly, he was never going to manage to evict Milgram. Milgram was a curse and a plague unto this flat, cosmic retribution for the entire experiment being conceived of in the first place, and simply a new fact of life that he had to accept. John was here to stay- and so was Milgram.
Francis Miller, Sherlock determines viciously, is a crackpot and a fraud. He is a worthless quack of a doctor, the same as all therapists, who has given Sherlock nothing but empty words and the advice to try expressing himself through his violin, as if he has not already
Things will be better, John swears to himself, his cheek pressed to Sherlock's chest. He doesn't know how or what it is that he'll do. But he can promise this much. Today will not happen again. Sherlock will never feel this trapped or powerless ever again.
"Okay. Mycroft is finding your location, and then one of us is going to come pick you up. I'll stay on the line with you until then. You're going to keep talking to me, and not hang up until we get there."
and set warm hands on his shoulders, set him in place, and kissed him.
Once again, Victor had been the only person trying to look out for Sherlock. And once again, it sounded like he'd gone about it in exactly the wrong way.
John."
and everything is made catastrophically, unequivocally worse.
Something of his thoughts must've shown on his face, because Sherlock glanced at him again and his eyes softened, from serious back to teasing. "For the record, I actually didn't care what he had to say much, even back then. It was more knowing that they'd had to cut pieces of my stomach out of me, and that I'd thrown up blood all over one of my professors. It's a shame-- I think that one actually liked me, before that incident."
he only eats enough to keep them from putting the feeding tube back in, and that's not enough. It's not even close. The bruises are fading but somehow that makes him look even worse, grey-scale and washed out, the only spots of color the reds and browns underneath bandages. Even his striking eyes look grey, today.
That's it.
Had Sherlock ever said no to John?
anymore.
"And why not?" he pressed, and he could hardly fucking believe he had to press this point, to
of this story. Maybe if Sherlock wanted to tell him, someday, but-- not like this. Not sitting in their destroyed sitting room, hearing the feed of information from Mycroft, because Sherlock wasn't even
Off they go.
it was going to be glorious. John was about to question him, it was clear on his face, but Sherlock didn't have the patience to sit there and listen and
John stiffened.
Memories that Sherlock has, to his greatest shame, been unable to touch until now. Memories of being hit. Memories of being beaten, cut, whipped, and burned. Memories of electric shocks, stress positions, and nails being torn back. Memories of smelling salts cracked under his nose, sexual assault threatened that his dizzy, cracked skull fades to black before he can see the ending, and screaming so loud he'd torn his own throat raw.
John groans again.
John watches him with eyes that are almost smug, cross-legged on the floor and utterly, perfectly content with himself. He's wearing the lovely blue vest and black shirt that is the
John kisses his forehead, and leaves.
"It's okay," Oscar said again. He moved even closer, pressing his lips back against his hair. "Come on, Sherlock... have a drink. Unwind a bit. And, while we're waiting for it to kick in, maybe we could chat about the research project you wanted to start, hmm? Does that sound all right?"
He's still looking at him, pale and uncertain- which is better than harping on and on about addiction and the health dangers of cocaine and heroin, Sherlock supposes, but not by much. He works his mouth, hand flexing, and when he gets to his feet it's seems that he's just too full of nervous energy to sit still.
is worn down,
to abnormal
, flickered up to meet John's again. "This will make you happy?"
Sherlock's name, flashing across the screen of Mycroft's phone.
He could track down Lestrade, and attempt to sway him towards handing over another case file. Hiding in his office for half an hour would be easy enough.
There are more steps on the stairs behind them, and John grits his teeth, put even more on edge. He doesn't care that this is a crime scene. The very last thing Sherlock needs right now is more people.
People talk.
Very befuddled, Sherlock blinked. He accepted the bee without protest, then stared between it and John, as if he didn't know what to think. "Thank you, Watson," he said gravely, still looking a little shellshocked, then looked back up at John. "I--"
"Besides," she told him, headed to the kitchen next. Tea. Tea! "I couldn't possibly take away what's freshening up the place. It's all you two boys have! Dreadful sense of taste, the both of you, I swear..."
John, still, said nothing. Sherlock sucked in his lip, lingering over whether or not it was best to describe how carefully he had set-up his requests as anything but
And he comes back to John looking as if someone's driven a fucking semi-truck through him.
"But you didn't figure he'd go after me. You got him wrong."
"I think I might've, actually."
He could do this.
Oscar had seen Sherlock like this. He had seen him vulnerable, and unprotected, and with his barriers down. Perhaps before he'd ever built so many of those barriers up in the first place. He had seen Sherlock like this, and made the choice to use him. To hurt him.
Anyone of proper intelligence would deduce that Sherlock is not possibly of Scotland Yard. Scotland Yard does not plant themselves silently in front of people, smile smugly, and wait for them to stop. Employees of Scotland Yard also are sorely lacking in both a sense of style and an expense account, and tend to not dress as if they've just stepped off Saville Row.
He--" John clenched his fists in his lap, knotting his fingers together just to keep them still, because fucking hell he wanted to hit something. "What the hell happened to you? How could
Oscar's smile back did not even waver. Perhaps passive aggressive jibs were the norm, among the typical dysfunctional relationships of today. Indeed, another was quick to return to him, this time around the edges of a sour smile as they now both made to sit down. "You still stand out like a sore thumb. You know, you're supposed to check your coat, Sherlock."
"Okay," he acquiesced, his voice heavy, and held his hands up in surrender. "Your terms."
He curls there on the sofa, his legs long and spread akimbo, an octopus that has melted all over the cushions and has no intention of ever moving again. He's a pile of old pajamas and dressing gown topped with the most unsalvageable mess of curls that he has ever seen, and
"John..." She set aside her notes to direct her full attention onto him, looking at him
Because Sherlock is still trembling in the corner, rasping a wretched, breathless whine of a scream, broken up by involuntary gasps of pain and anguish, and oh,
knows that's how you spend your time."
love. Or I'm giving Milgram to Greg."
Sherlock is not his patient, so at first, John keeps his mouth shut about it. After all, the more data they have, the better, and he does understand the team's reluctance to accept such a grey diagnosis. Some part of him very much wants for it to be a physical problem, too. Something biological, that he can read about in his textbooks from school, that has a black and white cause and therefore a black and white solution. Anything at all, other than just
Sherlock's head bounces in an absentminded nod. It might be a response to John. It might, just as easily, be nothing of the sort, Sherlock having completely tuned him out minutes ago.
lost their patience for it.
"Special?" he started, a new warmth and delight unfolding in his chest with pride, right along next to a solid sense of disbelief.
"And how about his interactions with Dr. Wilson, specifically? Did he seem comfortable with him?"
"Are they dead?"
He has been a doctor for him at all hours of the night and days of the week, and woken up through nightmares with him, and been
John kissed him again. "You," he said, against his mouth, "are a gigantic idiot, Sherlock."
John's stomach goes cold, and his heart is suddenly thundering so loudly in his ears he can barely think.
Sherlock smirked again, hiding it back into his tea, and looked closer to himself again for the first time since they'd sat down. He drained an especially long sip, his mouth twitching, and when he put his mug down it was for an unrestrained grin. "Good," he said. "Because I think we have a case."
Sherlock slaps the file down, and stares back across the desk at Lestrade.
"That's something we'll talk more about tomorrow," he landed on, and the words were a lot sterner than he really felt. "But you were fifteen. He was the adult."
"Believe it or not, yeah, actually. Sarah asked me to do it for her once."
The bundle grumbled to himself, still curled. "I'm fine." He buried his head deeper into his pillow, earning another frown from John at his sides and the breaks underneath his pajamas. Pajamas again, rather than the dress shirt and trousers from before. "I'm fine. I feel sick."
"You're..." Oscar's pathetic struggles stilled, and he started to sit up. His dark eyes widened. "You're Dr Watson. You're Dr John Watson." His face twisted, equal parts derision and fear standing out in the darkness. "Did Sherlock send--"
Sherlock flicks the pen at him, still held in his mouth. He looks perfectly at home and absolutely content.
John turned back just in time to catch Sherlock's face settling into another cross between exasperation and disgust. One of the ogling university staff had taken notice of them. Before, he'd been lingering at the crime scene tape, trying to see what was going on over the heads of the forensic techs, but now he'd noticed Sherlock. Another professor, by the looks of him, and staring at Sherlock in very ill-disguised surprise.
It's painkillers as well. Half the reason he's so worked up is probably the increasing discomfort and the sudden lack of calming, sleep-inducing painkillers. Reintroducing the medication flow is only going to help him getting a compliant Sherlock back to bed.
Well, that's hardly his problem, is it? People are all idiots. So they want him to solve his own case, now? Is that it? If he gets murdered, will Lestrade then hire a psychic to try and communicate with his ghost to find the killer?
Sherlock just
So Sherlock had done what he'd thought was the right thing. John was worried about him? Then he would give him reason to no longer be worried. He would take away everything about him that was wrong and unhealthy, so John would only look at him and see
"Those are two mutually exclusive statements, actually." John reached out and felt his cheek, but the skin was cool. "Do you mean you feel nauseated?"
But...
My next trick (aside from a few assorted oneshots in my doc, including the Potterlock one) is a somewhat messy fic I'll dub Mutually Unrequited Pining: Fuck TLD, The Fix-It. It is an absolute wreck for everyone, and definitely not one I want to risk leaving hanging, so I'll try to complete it before I start posting. If this fic was a feels-good sort of fic, then that one is a feel-bad one until the end, so... stay tuned :)
Sherlock--"
John clenched his jaw again, fingers kept forcibly still. It felt like he'd been punched in the stomach.
Sherlock's mouth quirked upwards again. "Flatterer," he accused, but there was no heat in it, and he kissed John again.
fucking hell, but it's something.
"So we'll badger Mrs. Hudson into making us tea, play cluedo, and listen to lonely drunks attempting their own rendition of Christmas carols on the streets." He steeples his fingers together. It's definitely not good that the thought alone thrills him more than anything he's heard in a month. "A traditional and happy Christmas."
seen him scared for John. And that's what this is.
John doesn't sound like he wants an argument, this time. He just sounds tired. He sounds and looks just as tired as he has ever since the shooting, and Sherlock is increasingly the cause.
He's grinning, though he's trying not to show it. And with half his hair stuck up, his face as white as the floor and his eyes bloodshot and watering, and his current attire being ancient pajamas and his dressing gown as a blanket...
nightmares, and his relocation to the sofa has not even come close to making anything better.
As it is, he has his doubts about how much any of this will even help.
John waited.
Sherlock grimaced again, like he'd tasted something sour. "I might need to never speak again, if it continues to prompt conversations like this."
he was... was...
about why I want to be with you. I know it might not always seem like it and that I get frustrated and say stupid things, but that's because I'm an idiot, Sherlock. You know I'm an idiot. You love that I'm an idiot, I--"
"But you can't promise that. Even if you do everything perfectly from here on out, John, you could still get hit by a car tomorrow." She hesitated, her eyes sympathetic, but it was clear that this was a point she was not going to back down on-- because she was right. "It's not healthy for you to have to worry that your friend will kill himself should something go wrong, and it's not healthy for Sherlock to have such a low view of himself that he thinks his own health, happiness, and life are nothing more than tools used to make you happy."
"You didn't text him."
Oh, take a break for a couple years, that was normal, jump off a few rooftops, have a botched marriage, a few attempted murders--
There was nothing quite like a night with takeaway, tea, and a case at Baker Street, no. But this was a close enough second best.
him straight down right onto the bloody sidewalk, which is just--
He delves deep into the palace, stalking down to the destroyed and dangerous wings in a disgusted rage. The corridors are cold and drafty, untouched for months and months, the floors still slick with blood and tar and the walls crumbling, and it is--
The first eight chapters are now entirely completely, and the last two are in the editing stage. Everything's looking good... and get ready for when things start to kick up in a few chapters ;)
John sputtered back, nearly scratching Sherlock again with the razor. A Nobel Prize. Oh,
"I'm okay," he promises instead, curling a hand around Sherlock's. "Concussion. They just discharged me."
"Because he's a good person," John told him gently. "And that fuckknuckle isn't."
definitely drunk, his low laughter all to himself music to John's ears as much as it made him want to hit something. God damn it.
he was always amazing, his conductor of light, and now Sherlock was supposed to respond properly back. But what was the next move? What was he supposed to say or do?
Sherlock gently bobs his head once, still not looking at John. That's the limit of his communication, so far. Nodding and shaking his head.
Sherlock is obviously uncomfortable and embarrassed, his face slightly pink as he refuses to look at either one of them, but that's not something John can do anything about except grip his arm with medical precision and show to him that he does not care. He helps Sherlock down the stairs with Greg leading the way, shooing curious officers out of the way without hesitation. The one that had tried to arrest Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. John hopes he never sees him again.
the last one is barely even a word at all, courtesy of the French and their
Bosco woofs back, right in his face and earsplitting. He gives his neck and cheek another lick and paws at his front, trying to bear Sherlock down to roll about in the grass with him.
to get himself free, and if they marked the endgame as him finding his voice? Then that just might be enough. He's smart and resourceful enough to do it. Sherlock just might be able to focus on that, and tear himself apart to stitch the bloody bits back together again with his own two hands, and drag himself over the finish line.
"What's the matter? It's only...
"I... you.
He can't begrudge John for leaving, when Sherlock is, after all, the one who'd sent him away.
"I'm afraid so, mate. Especially before a first date."
John shudders, swallowing down his wince. "That can't have been... pretty," he ventures, because he feels like he has to give
John got to Baker Street with the dry pang of a hangover in the back of his eyes and throat, his heart anxious in his chest, and every step up the seventeen stairs steady.
"I am Sherlock Holmes."
Because John is a good man. He can make promises to Sherlock, he can sit next to him when he has nightmares, and he can bring Chinese takeaway straight to his hospital bed, and he can't abandon his own child. There's a mess of deductions to be made there about John's own childhood, a veritable thorn bush that makes Sherlock want to hit something, but the point is that John can want this to be simple all that he likes but it's not.
and then, in offense at the entire dreadful premise of it al.
Sherlock tempered his formerly wicked grin into one that edged into something softer, and nodded his head back in acceptance.
I'm fine!"
It's not that Sherlock hasn't thought of it before, either. Of course he has. For various reasons, he's shot it down until now, but that's all
Sherlock keeps his mouth shut and his face hidden, and John continues on, just like that, until Lestrade gets back with the car.
And a BIG, BIG THANK YOU to YAJJ/paybackraid for helping me to proofread and edit this monster (for a show she hasn't even watched!) Woo!
shouldn't have shown up here without warning, damn it, without actually giving Greg the chance to brief his team.
he's an idiot. Why did he say that? Why did he ever say that out loud?
"You're also the worst student in the department. Aren't you? What was it-- Victor?" Sherlock didn't want to, not at all, but it was apparent this was the only way he'd get what he wanted, so he turned back around. He turned just enough, switching his attention off from the glorious centrifuge back to where his guide still lingered in the doorway, now looking especially haggard and distracted. And pathetic. "Unless they give all actually
"Da," she blubbered. "Dada?"
If she has so much as one
"I don't take John for granted!"
So John takes a deep breath, snaps his heels together, and dives right in.
He wanted to be at Angelo's. With John. Or nowhere at all. He wanted to be in the flat. With John. And Rosie, with Mrs. Hudson downstairs. He wanted it to be before Mary and Moriarty, where he could just eat takeaway with John and shred that horrible late-night show he watched and it was comfortable and easy and-- and
Sherlock didn't care that their suspect was in a bed down the hall, watched by a constable and waiting for a head scan of his own, with a bruise in the imprint of the barrel of a gun swelling on his forehead. What Sherlock
"Are you telling me. That you have called me home from dates, out of work, and across countries... that you have sent me
And here it is.
"We already missed it yesterday, on that bloody stakeout. And what was that you said, when I was in
Sherlock squeezed the ice pack against his face again, still frowning. "Sir?"
Sherlock's own triumphant grin wilted, just a little bit, and his smug sanctification wilted with it.
, even before all of this--
he pants into his skin. Traces it down his side, feel it on his tongue,
The receptionist is starting to stand, and she's not the only one. Security has taken notice as well, two uniformed officers making a wary, silent approach. John's heart lurches again and he starts forward himself, because oh,
Oscar did, at least, have the good sense to shut his mouth. He stared up at John with hard eyes and a rapidly swelling lower lip, but he kept his mouth shut, and when he showed that he'd learned to keep his silence, John let him go. He freed the fist in his collar and watched as the man scrambled back, stumbling up to his feet only when he was far enough away to not get struck again.
He tells the others at the surgery that Sherlock's laptop's microphone is broken. It's enough. For now.
He got kissed again, one more time, and then John pulled gently back, his hands tracing through his hair. He smiled at Sherlock, flushed and just a bit breathless. "Come downstairs with me?"
The words stick to his gums, with lead in his veins. He is rotting and miserable and hates it, but if he doesn't say it now, then he knows he never will.
If Sherlock could go to hell for him, the least John could do was figure out some way to just
But this time, a letter came, and Sherlock took notice of it just before it made it into a dramatic toss across the flat. Because it stood out. It was heavier than the rest, a large, especially expensive, specially shipped missive. It spoke of an attempted reward from a wealthy client, and to be honest Sherlock would have just gone on to toss it, had it not been for the return address.
Instead--
That's what it is, he realises, and it hits like a punch to the gut. He's never seen Sherlock afraid for himself before, but he
If this was going to work, then he knew they had to do this right. Even if it meant hurting Sherlock right now, because this was about protecting him from being hurt even worse later on down the line if they let this go on.
Sherlock was left to sit, probably concussed, flabbergasted, and hoisted by his own petard, and John was sent out the door with little more than a cheery smile and a promise to be back soon.
He smiles, just before he faints, right into John's arms.
John to stay, he
"I wanted to use."
John doesn't want to blame Sherlock, right now.
Oscar's smile dimmed, just a little. Like a switch had been flipped, and the adoration in his eyes started on its inevitable slide back down into disgust.
"Uh, hey, Sherlock. It's John. Sorry for disturbing you, just wanted to let you know Lestrade's got a case for us, and it looks pretty interesting. Ah, let me know, yeah? Otherwise, I guess I'll see you tomorrow? ...'Night."
And-- that was that. John grinned at him from the cab, giving him a small wave from the window, and then the cab pulled away and he was gone. He was leaving Baker Street with Sherlock left on the kerb, his face flushed and warm, to go pick up his daughter, and come back with her to him the next morning.
Well, he supposes, plucking up a muffin for himself. Perhaps it's not all bad.
Sherlock catches sight of her attention and moans silently, tilting his miserable face back against the wall. He tries to sign something else, distinctly, sickeningly unhappy.
John hesitated again. "I figured you wouldn't actually care all that much about one for yourself. It's just a piece of paper to you. And like I said, that one's just a copy-- they're sending the real one to his parents, in Sussex. But I wanted to... I thought that this was a start, at least." He broke off again, his fingers working nervously into the blanket over his arm. "Is it... is it all right?"
If John and Mrs. Hudson are trying to recreate what the flat used to look like before Sherlock took an ill-advised fall off a rooftop, they have certainly succeeded.
The straw broke the camel's back, and John tilted his head back in his horrid plastic chair, and laughed. He
The reaction is as immediate as it is terrible. Sherlock jolts awake as suddenly as if John had just hit him, flinching backwards in his bundle of sheets and-- and he just continues to gasp. He lies there and clutches his chest and gasps for breath, his eyes blown wide and his hair stuck to his scalp with sweat, and for several horrible moments it's just that. Sherlock, gasping for breath, and John, knowing that he can not stop it.
"John," he said, and sat there, stretched out in his armchair, a bundle of dressing gown and stubble and Mrs. Hudson's afghan, and he looked positively
understand. "Why do you keep saying it's okay? This wasn't the first time. I want to promise it'll never happen again but you have no reason to even believe me. I-- you said it was okay
"...Happy... anniversary?"
"Well, she wasn't the right person for me."
"A candle for the table, boys," Angelo promises, his voice low. "It's more romantic-"
There was also a pretty big piece of him that really
But--
because it's to the point where not even Sherlock is selfish enough to escape the fact that sitting here day after day, staring the bullet wound right in the face, is absolutely killing him.
It's not that easy, anymore.
"Don't do it," John says into his hands. His voice is shaking, very slightly, and his tea is set down with a clatter. "Don't get involved."
Sherlock can pinpoint the moment that he reaches the part with his own name.
Sherlock shakes his head against John's skin. He starts to mark another check mark, to assure him that whatever sign he's picked up on, he is still okay. But he's only halfway through when John nudges him onto his side, up enough that they're eye to eye, one hand on Sherlock's face and the other palming a constellation of old cigarette burns in his ribs.
And Sherlock--
John nods. "And one more thing, actually-" He palms his phone and chopsticks in one, balancing his takeaway on his knees. It rings, already put on speaker, and John settles it on the bed between them. Each ring joins the peals of the heart monitor, off-key and off-center, and Sherlock doesn't know what he's supposed to do but stare.
so he just presses his face to John's stomach and keeps shaking his head. No. Never.
He stepped into the flat, and right away, found himself face to face with Sherlock.
He sees the shadows that have been there for days because until Sherlock had relocated to the sofa and decided he was Not Going To Sleep, he'd been having nightmares, horrible, kicking,
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Why was John being so
"I suppose that this is just along the line of marginally acceptable, then. Taking, of course, your limited mental faculties into account."
you're okay. Nothing bad is going to happen to you but you have got to calm down."
(See the end of the chapter for
I wanted to see you but you never reached out and what was I supposed to do? I thought you were fine! I thought it was like Moriarty all over again- that you were busy and
It was quiet for another moment. Sherlock remained perfectly, obediently motionless under his hands, finally almost like himself again. Just another stitch from over his eye, and all the horrible marks of this dreadful case would be gone. He'd be Sherlock Holmes again and they could finally start making their first strides to moving past this, and on to a better future. Sherlock wasn't going to do drugs ever again, John was never going to hit him again, and... and Sherlock was going to move on. They were going to stop being so bloody co-dependent and he was going to find someone that wasn't John.
that he puts his mind to. And he trusts John with his life. If John says it, it must be true.
"My own career was going very well, and I had made connections at Cambridge specifically to watch out for Sherlock. I heard what had happened, and finally intervened. But it was too late. All Sherlock needed to do was show up for his last few weeks of finals, and the school would allow him to graduate with full honors, but he refused to do so. He cleaned out his room the day of the hearing, left a note for both me and the school full of several more choice words, and dropped off the map." Mycroft swallowed uncomfortably, his gaze dropping back down to his lap. "By the time I was able to track him down, it was two months after he was meant to graduate, and he was living with Victor Trevor. Another man nearly twice his age; this time, the one who had introduced him to cocaine. I'm afraid my offers of a government job were somewhat less enticing." He narrowed his pale, angry eyes. "Shortly after I found him, the news broke that Dr. Wilson had published again, this time with a groundbreaking article that was the talk of the entire field. Sherlock was mentioned only as an unnamed undergraduate in the acknowledgements, but it was his work. All of the paper was his work."
Because he was very clearly unhappy.
take it from you. Your heart stopped, and Sherlock, just don't insult me right now by telling me she called the ambulance. I'm a doctor. She knew exactly what chances she was giving you and it's a miracle you survived, and she left you with a lifetime of chronic pain, and things about
His face was exhausted, and his eyes were brighter than they'd been all week.
"This is the worst day of my life."
Another faint rustling, and then, an even fainter, very low, throaty laugh. "London."
"Best of... what? A private clinic?" John reels for a moment, his mind a blank. Sherlock is even paler now, fish-grey and frozen in place; he looks almost ill. This wasn't what he'd expected to hear. "You mean something inpatient?" But Sherlock would never agree to that. Not in a million years.
And if you somehow still want to read even more words after that monster chapter,
isn't coming back.
He holds the leash for a great, slobbering, energy-stuffed golden retriever. His name is Bosco, and he takes a particular pleasure in leaping up to press his front paws to his chest and push him down to the floor whenever Sherlock swings by for a visit. He does not now, of course, because he is overly thrilled and excited to be taken for a walk, but Sherlock still keeps a tight hold on the leash, just in case he spies a stranger he wishes to try it out on instead.
"I don't know, I'm so sorry, John, he's been like this ever since I called you--"
Sherlock trailed John down the stairs in the dark, past Mrs. Hudson's closed door, all the way down and then out to the street. He didn't want to let go of John's hand at all. But-- soon, he'd said. Soon he wouldn't have to. Soon, he might stay. With Rosie.
Thank you all so much for all the comments/kudos!!!
get? Feeling miserable for himself? Thinking about his dead assassin wife? Stewing about how he felt for Sherlock?
Lestrade hands over a case file on has to be the most
"All right," Francis continues, settling back in his chair. "John is still unhappy, then. What about you? Do you feel any better, after explaining everything to John?"
He leans closer, not touching him just yet, his hands hovering while he keeps his voice just next to Sherlock's ear. "That's enough. Calm down, now. You're safe here. Safe with John."
After another brief silence, when it must become evident that Sherlock is not going to respond, Francis tries another tactic. He sits forward slightly, looking closely at Sherlock, just closely enough that he starts to fiddle with his pen, just to keep his hands occupied.
thank
It was still important to say it.
Sherlock hadn't wanted to go to Cambridge at all. He and Greg had told him to go, and he had.
picked up on, only to internalise them in the worst ways possible. The helplessness Sherlock must feel entirely on his own. What John has already realised this morning, that it has been
to Sherlock. Sherlock would be best off if he'd never met him. He should-- he should just go away. He should take Rosie and move to some retirement village in the middle of nowhere and never bother him again. Oh,
Sherlock looks every bit like a college student.
He wanted to go home, and bury his head under an ice pack and a collection of blankets, and get tea and Mrs. Hudson's biscuits and curl up in John's lap and not have to move until the headache had gone away.
to make this remotely an okay thing to say or at least give it some measure of sense.
"Yes, John, I
about a date was never a good sign.
is a good ending to a blog post! John really should let him have a go at it-- he's absolutely positive the people would love it.)
, very tight and very warm, and the look on his face wraps all around Sherlock, too, warm and calming, like a blanket. "I want you to know," he starts, his voice thick through a combination of congestion and sentiment, "that... I want--" he swallows, his finger still playing with Sherlock's. "I'm bloody proud of you and the only reason I'm not kissing you right now is I really, really don't want to get you sick."
in his life.
needs, and Sherlock can't give it to him.
Sherlock stared at him, his face almost hollow. It was as if he'd completely forgotten how to talk. His throat jumped again, a thick, audible swallow, and he watched John's every move as he carefully, slowly, slid the glass away.
It could be enough.
"Look," he started, clearing his throat. He sounded tired. He sounded very, very tired. "I've been here a while. And--"
loves
Sherlock doesn't react at all, beyond a slow, still hostile blink. He looks as if Mycroft has done nothing more groundbreaking than announce what he'd like for Christmas. He doesn't even look like he
The specimen before him is not remotely intelligent enough to make such deductions, and skips straight towards swinging a punch instead.
Sherlock doesn't think that something inside him will ever stop jumping with exhilarated, selfish joy, every time he sees John's left hand, and the ring finger that is bare.
to talk about something this excruciating?!
John winces, carefully prodding at the short line of stitches in his head. He has to wait on the results to get back from the requisite head scans, but after that, he has his hopes he'll be home free. It's a Tuesday afternoon, one of the slowest times of day, so surely it's not going to take that much longer.
serious, Sherlock. That's exactly why I'm saying this. I don't want us to rush into this and wind up screwing it up, and the last thing I
John tugged him to the sofa, after, the takeaway containers binned and plates lying mostly empty on the desk. He sat closer than friends could sit, but that was okay, it was
Sherlock decides that he's done waiting.
And these
Lestrade dawdled for several moments on, obviously still torn; even with Sherlock's head still buried into the sofa, he could feel his gaze lingering on him. He desperately wanted to sleep and lick his wounds in private, but his room was
Sherlock shakes his head, not looking at John. He spreads his hand as much as he can, raw, sore fingertips pressing into his shirt.
The notes are sour, the compositions lazy, the strings out of tune. He sounds dreadful.
he repeats into the warm skin. He scratches the checkmark into his hand, and as much as he loathes the need for it as a safe word, he's grateful for it now.
"Yes. You're a smart-mouth, too. Smart-fingers." He presses Sherlock's hand to his mouth instead, kissing his fingers, and there is nothing there but fondness. There is nothing there that his overactive brain has put together over the months and instead just so much genuine affection and warmth that he wants to crawl into bed, sod the virus, and never leave it again.
The clock ticked slowly by, grinding into his ears. The office was horribly quiet, just the ticking of the clock and the quiet rain outside and John's own incriminating confession, left to rot on the air.
"Oh. Yes. Quite." Sherlock swiveled back to the filing cabinet, using his collar to hide his face. "Call Mrs. Hudson. We're busy here, John, it's a
She was right. And she'd phrased it exactly in that way because she knew that was the only way he couldn't disagree with.
It took several more seconds after that, for John to finally haul the
He goes to Regent's Park, sometimes. He claims to John it's reconnaissance for a case, boring, dull, something John wouldn't be interested in. It's a transparent lie: he
He'll try again tomorrow.
"Because, Sherlock. Not everything important about you is in here." John's hands curl around his scalp, threading again through his hair, running through it and down, cupping him close, so close, so
Mycroft looks at John over the knot of his fingers, his eyes flat and hollow. "I beg your pardon?"
"Mycroft has always been normal," Sherlock spoke up suddenly. "Comparatively speaking."
John doesn't even know what they did to him to make him lose it in the first place.
and he has to lie here awkwardly wanking himself off in bed like a teenage boy because he can't let John do it. He needs control, and that is not control.
"You really weren't joking, when you said I wasn't allowed a window ever again."
(See the end of the chapter for
Since before the wedding?
Ella cleared her throat. Not because John had made his point, but rather because they only had the hour, and sitting here having him stew to himself wasn't all that a productive use of their time. "Similarly," she started again, "the reason Sherlock was in that dangerous situation was not because you forced him into it. It was because he chose to put himself there."
of you will have control over me, do you understand?!"
"No."
Sherlock still just sits there. His mouth has flattened to a thin line and he looks at John with unreadable, shadowed eyes. He's wary. He's heard John's outburst, of course, but he sees everything that's been brewing underneath it, too, and now he doesn't know what's going to happen next. He looks at him, at
"I know that you were going to ask me for a collaboration. The answer is no. I don't do research collaborations." Sherlock stopped briefly, unsure if he really wanted to test this further, to go on, but in the end--
that, that's the bloody problem. If he'd cooperate with one it could actually do some good, but there's no point in forcing him to see one. He's too smart for it to ever do any good if he doesn't want it to. He's got to actually be willing to talk to one." John stops, realising what he just said, and groans. "You know what I mean."
(See the end of the chapter for
John's amused smile fades, the longer that he keeps reading.
John goes still.
to be. If you don't like it, then good luck ever solving a case without me again."
Then, Mycroft is out the door, and John is left standing alone at the foot of the stairs. The morning is not even an hour old, and already, he feels worse than he has all week.
cup of coffee ever produced in a police precinct. Which is a shockingly difficult bar to pass, but he thinks this one does it. Perhaps his first words will be a lecture on the ideal manner by which to produce a cup of coffee.
"How old was Sherlock, the first time?"
The next day, after John heads to the surgery, Sherlock texts Lestrade to arrest the nanny, and heads out for a little adventure of his own.
Then, he hauls himself the hell back together, and makes a march back into the flat.
John let out a very long-suffering sigh, tilting his head to the back of his chair. "I don't understand how someone can be so smart and so
and so is John, and neither of them are going anywhere more than a crime scene.
The lift
He's very pale now and he just
Then, he jammed the flannel hard between his cheek and his shoulder, kicked the fridge shut, and set about making himself as comfortable on the floor as he could.
Another silence settled, this one at least marginally more comfortable than before. Sherlock kept his head bowed and leaned into John's side without resistance, hair brushing his shoulder, his fingers locked back together and almost unnaturally still. "So," he said finally, his voice rough. "What does... what exactly does
"So," Oscar began. Thirty-five minutes in. Finally-- cutting to the chase. "I was curious, Sherlock. I searched your name up, a few days ago, and I saw that you're still publishing. Are you with a university, or...?"
manage to get sustenance down the bastard's throat, especially when Sherlock is like this. He'd probably starve himself out of defiance alone.
"Why did you meet Dr. Wilson at his flat two nights ago?"
, he seethed.Barely of any more help than Anderson himself.
. He waits for the rest, a rock sitting in his chest like a lead weight.
"Well." John leaned his head against Sherlock's for a moment, focusing on just willing himself to relax. "I think, instead of spending the rest of the day snogging on the sofa, or trying to invent reasons to not go back to your bedroom, we could go downstairs, and see if Mrs. Hudson's willing to feed us. Hmm? If you're feeling better?" He glanced at Sherlock sideways, watching the play of his mouth as he considered his options. "Rosie's downstairs, in any case, so we can pick her up, if you'd like. Maybe you could keep an eye on her while I made a Tesco's run, because you've really got nothing here but tea and what I
words, and that is enough to hurtle him past his limits and he can't say anything more.
He'd wanted to go home for hours, and now he was here, and he didn't feel remotely better at all.
He doesn't. He doesn't at all.
John swallows, hard. It's like forcing down a lead ball, but he does it, and he turns his gaze back to Mycroft without interrogation. He hates that Mycroft was the one to see this, he hates that Sherlock looks like he does, and he
It had been so much easier to just let Sherlock convince him to go back to her. It had been so much easier to just tell himself that he'd forgiven her, and that he still loved her.
Then where is he?
He watched John out of the corner of his eye, and cleared his throat.
"I've missed you," John says. He strokes his his hands around him in tight, suffocating hug. "I've missed you. A lot."
either. Surely John would at least let that wait until they're inside and no longer surrounded by rubbish in an alley.
"Sherlock,
He will never believe that Sherlock wants, or is happy, like this.
You just did! Sherlock--" John grabs both of his hands, pushing them down mid-sign to keep his fingers silent. His grin is bigger now and he encourages him again, the shock blossomed into sheer excitement but even more than that,
hurts me. Okay? Do you understand that?" He threw caution out the fucking window and caught Sherlock's face in his hands, stroking his high cheekbones, his hair, the lines under his eyes. "I will
he wants to reach down into his own throat and tear them out, bleeding and dripping with stomach acid, hold them in his own two hands to scream them to the world at large. He wants to scream at poor Molly until she cries and scream to Mycroft to go
"I'm so sorry," he murmured. "I am so
This is the answer. Sherlock may have a number of regrets, about all of this, all of them in explanation as to why he is kneeling on the floor of his kitchen ten months in, mute and shaken and stricken. But he has no regrets about the decisions he made ten months ago. He is alive. John is alive. And though John does not know it, he is finding his voice again.
"...Graham," he said.
he was writing down because he could see them in his face as soon as they came to mind. John snuck his arms under his to stick bites into his mouth as he talked, his fingers playing with Sherlock's sleeves, and it was soft and warm and tender and familiar. It felt
"You... oh." A lump settled in John's stomach, and he swallowed again. His fury turned inward, just like that, anger into understanding, and misery along with it.
Touching Sherlock does not help. Speaking to him, when he is like this, does not help.
"Sir--" One arm squirms under his grip, the same arm that had pinned Sherlock's hands. "Sir, he was--"
This is not working.
It was going to be simple, John thought.
Well, he supposes he can make the tea. Just this once.
He listens, and finally, he hears the engine starting of the car waiting down on the street. He hears Mycroft go.
Not again.
Sherlock blinked again, this time like he was coming alive rather than online, then scoffed. "Don't be ridiculous." He swept past him with his coat flaring at his heels, eyes bright again and hard like glass, so quickly that John had to scramble to keep up. And that was that. The conversation was done.
Mycroft closed his eyes for one long second, breathing in deeply. It was clearly taking an astronomical effort to reel in his patience. "Fine. Yes, brother mine. I am extremely upset with you and you are never going to hear the end of it. But not right now. Sherlock, where are--"
Sherlock sighed, as if Greg were very, very stupid. "I have decided to take you up on your previous offer. I am going to be a proper consultant, and in exchange, I will get clean." His angry, bright eyes flickered back over to him, piercing into him like a steel blade. "You will help me get clean."
"I do."
He shared another slight smile with John, there. Like it was a joke.
"I'll think about it," he settled on at last, swallowing his protest down. No matter that he disagreed with what she was suggesting, the core off what Ella had said was still right. It needed
to him?!
He could speak up right now.
with a
"I'm going to move your arm now," he promises, and he does, keeping the limb as still as possible as he guides it out from behind Sherlock's back. A whimper catches in Sherlock's throat, high pitched before it cracks, and John rubs the inside of his wrist. "Shh, shh, there we go. I know it hurts, just breathe. Deep breath, now." Sherlock's breaths hitch, and it's impossible to say if he was trying to follow the instruction or not. "There you go. You're doing so well, Sherlock. That's it. Just stay still for me..."
and he was nearly thirty years old and still couldn't describe a singularly more horrid way to spend an evening. He would genuinely rather be kidnapped and beaten with a tyre iron.
It couldn't not work.
"Your parents," he said finally, his voice quiet and restrained. "Your father is... dead. But your mother isn't? She's..."
His hands swallow Sherlock's, then move up his arms, tracing up to his shoulders and grasping his shirt to ruin. He stands and this time Sherlock's the one to follow him, and they stand there together with John clutching his shoulders, and he looks so torn that Sherlock wants to physically erase every bit of it from John's face. He wants to permanently erase anything that could ever make John look like that ever again.
Ah. Speak of the devil. Of the small, cuddly, jumper-wearing devil.
"I am Sherlock Holmes," he rasps, somewhat unnecessarily. His face feels hot and uncomfortable and he suddenly has to tug at his scarf, feeling close to suffocating. "Where is the honey?"
since he'd been on a real case with Sherlock, and he could already feel it would be good for the both of them. Something with chemistry and poisons involved, that they could research and work on from the flat, something small, where John could be sure to go home to Rosie each night and make sure Sherlock was healthy and resting during the day.
John now wishes he'd gone behind his back and filled the damn thing anyway.
John's gaze slides downwards to rest on his chest. The scar is hidden underneath buttons and a suit jacket, he hasn't even seen it in weeks, but his eyes still darken to stormy grey.
He'd been
"Brother mine--"
He did not smile back.
than anything else.
There's a massive weight taken off John's shoulders, and he's all the happier for it.
"Yes, well." He again tugged on his collar, pulling it even closer around his throat. "My appearance is very important to me."
Sherlock's guide for the day was a goldmine of deduction potential.
John gently takes the paper from his clenched fist, and reads it for himself.
This was not going to be pleasant
"Something else?"
Another moment passed in silence. At first John thought that Greg just didn't have something to say to that at all. But when he looked back over to him, it was to find him suddenly looking very, very uncomfortable.
One soft, well-worn bee plush was very quickly thrown at John, and then, batted at Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson was the only one to escape unscathed, pushing cups of tea at all the adults in the room while Rosie matched her little hand against a bewildered Sherlock's. Mrs. Hudson was over the moon at it all, and Sherlock sat there on the floor exhausted and bleary-eyed and beaming, and John was ecstatic.
"Sherlock?" He started back, eyes widening in surprise. His friend had once again gone motionless. Like he'd been in the car-- his face wiped clean and his eyes vacant, like he'd just... shut down. Just for a moment, but it was there. It was the look for when he'd fallen down somewhere into his mind palace and tuned out the rest of the world entirely, which was certainly something Sherlock did, but... not often like this.
him. I wanted to kill him and snort the best cocaine in London. He killed Victor. I--"
"Psychop-"
he could say. Or
The compete destruction of Sherlock's body, and the limited but horrific devastation of his mind palace, has yielded in twenty years in prison for one spoiled drunk of a man-child. He knows that Mycroft had stuck his fat fingers into it, to ensure that he had gotten the absolute maximum as allowed by the law.
John's face did a funny thing, again, a cross between amusement and exasperation, and whatever caution he'd had left was thrown to the window. "All right, you arse," he said, crossing the room back to stand right there in front of him, "like
He'd rather do without it, actually. Or at least John have waited until they got back to the warmth of Mycroft's bloody interfering car.
There is nothing difficult about this and there is nothing physically wrong with him.
you do, hmm?"
He'd barely smiled the entire time John had been here.
"Sherlock," he croaks. Oh, god. He did this. He did this to him. "I'm so sorry." He tries to reach for him and Sherlock thrusts a sharp elbow into his chest, throwing him aside to tear free only to just stop in the middle of the room, shuddering from head to foot and covering his face with his hands. He's a cross between livid and terrified and shattered, and it's all his fault.
Sherlock swallows, and looks away.
but the prat is already making himself at home in John's chair before he's even finished. "What are you trying to accomplish here, brother dear? Are you simply tired, of being sane and healthy? Are you bored, of behaving like a grown-up?"
He decides to smoke his way through the rest of Lestrade's cigarettes.
He waited.
The only word to describe it?
It was an almost full glass of hard whiskey. Sherlock knew it would help him relax. He didn't drink, and he didn't drink because he knew the science of it, and even if he didn't, he heard the proof of it outside his window every night: alcohol made people slow and stupid. With Sherlock's weight, complete lack of tolerance, and the fact that he hadn't eaten since lunch, that was enough alcohol to turn him into a boneless idiot.
He shook his head severely, back and forth, just once. Wet bile still hovered at the back of his throat. "I watched the video."
Sherlock frowned, his attention already sliding away as he tried to work Victor's notebook closer with his foot. He had no interest in teaching. He was here for the research opportunity, and not anything else. "Aren't only graduate students allowed to teach courses?" He ducked down to the floor, scooping up the notebook and letting the icepack plop to the table in the same breath. "I've not even taken inorganic yet myself, s... Oscar."
One by one, every last puzzle piece clicked into place.
tired. He buries a hand in the nearest blanket, catching the cotton between his thumb and forefinger, and soon finds himself dropping his other hand down to the sword-scarred leg of the sofa.
Because it was true. He was miserable and it was because of the events that had happened during the Culverton Smith case.
He hates that. He hates that it has been three months and he's all but given up at managing anything more than the most basic of conversations, and yet Mycroft's had the time to become entirely fluent in between running the British government and trying to run Sherlock's life. He hates that he's the one that's
it's too much. He even moves his finger back and forth as if John's not already done that three times in the past hour. He's too crestfallen to tease him for it, or smack his hand away.
Yes. John is definitely the one who's sent Mrs. Hudson here today.
It's a bit sentimental. The map itself is sentimental. Everything
the one who is still pathetic and broken and needs more? Doesn't John fucking
That had been a
I know it... you just need someone who will push you." He grinned again, thumbing Sherlock's cheek. "In that respect, you're lucky you found me."
He doesn't have to finish his thoughts aloud.
John blinks.
Sherlock mumbled something, still slumped into him. He looked quite content enough to never move again.
It's never mattered. Whatever mental block there is that stops him from speaking while awake, it's still there in his head when he's asleep.
before you bothered to tell me."
It was. John doubted it was all that perfectly steady all day long, because if it was, Sherlock would've shaved. He hated how the stubble felt on his face and he hated how it made him look.
But neither one of them is happy.
And then, he let go.
relationship, with someone he loved so much, and handicap it from the start.
He loved Sherlock. He did.
John snickers under his breath, and the moment is passed. "It's sure better than anything else on the books. Come on." He gives Sherlock his hands, and together, they haul him to his feet. He is balanced on John's shoulders with his head empty and hanging, and for several moments they just stand there, Sherlock leaning on John and breathing into his hair right there in the middle of the hallway.
Later that night, when they were back in 221B, with Sherlock still sitting cross-legged on the floor, his back to John, and matching fingers with Rosie. Rosie batted his face gently again with the bee while John heated leftovers from downstairs, because he had been right, earlier-- there was nothing edible left in the flat aside from tea.
"Your brother? God, Sherlock, you really do need to relax." He smiled against his skin for a moment, lingering, too close. "Hang on for a moment. I've got an idea."
They're not the same thing and I can't... Sherlock, I can't do this knowing that you don't even care. That you think you--
He allows the doctor to lead him on through the mostly empty corridors still rubbing his head, intent only on seeking out a taxi idling outside. Once upon a time, he could've counted on Mycroft to have already had a car waiting for him on the kerb.
Good.
It's hateful, and he's also freezing, and really just wants to get inside. Or, more properly, anywhere that is not
The lack of an immediate rebuttal said the truth easily enough.
" Sherlock shifted, rolling his long, lean leg a little. "Not unless you force me to eat something."
that it is still there. He hates the silence they forced into his flat and he hates what they have done to John by proxy. And if he thinks about it, John offering to give him the ash of their cremated bodies for him to experiment on to his heart's content just might be the most romantic thing anyone's ever said to him.
Lestrade is still watching him, and Sherlock suddenly feels a little less confidence in assuming this'll end all that easily.
wants, but you're not going to get it.
for whatever the fuck this had been. But-- "Was Dr. Wilson already..."
how amazing you are? Any idea, Sherlock?"
His own heart beat screams in his ears, and suddenly, all he can see is red.
John wondered if there was actually anything he could ask for, that Sherlock would say no to.
"And if you need me to snog whatever those stupid thoughts are out of your head, I will."
allow himself to wallow in the failure this feels like.
A moment later still, now that he's gone and squandered his fit of pique, he feels rather stupid for it at all. But it's a bit too late to take it back.
The little seed of hope turns to poison instead.
Sherlock utterly ignores him. Sherlock does not respond in any way, and instead just keeps watching John with those narrowed, wary eyes.
Mycroft spat, forming the very word as if it was the foulest oath in the world. He looked disgusted. "And if you enjoy your continued existence anywhere remotely near this city, then you will cease
about? He supposed it'd make sense, if Sherlock had started using before he'd dropped out, but Sherlock was the type to show up to class high as a kite and ranting his head off. Not fake a call in sick.
Perhaps he's still not ready for them. Perhaps he still doesn't know the answers himself.
And what made him feel sick was that he honestly couldn't say which one he wanted to see.
could've been worried about this, but they all did silly things, didn't they? Sherlock pressed his eyes shut for a moment, trying to clear the sentiment from his throat, and held still when he felt John's hand trail down the inside of his wrist. Ah. There was more.
It didn't help. It didn't help the anxious fluttering of his heart beat or the tight knot in his stomach at all.
He shuts his eyes again, breaths lurching in his chest.
there. John nudged him into at least sitting upright, between his unsettled stomach and his still healing ribs, but his long legs still ended up tangled with John's.
Sherlock waved his hand from his ball, not looking at him. "Absolutely not. If I called him Greg now he might simply die from the shock of it, and then I would never get an interesting case again." His mouth was tight again, but this time it was in the way that John knew hid a smile, that very small, but very genuine smile, and his heart melted just a bit more.
Mrs. Hudson is standing in his doorway with biscuits, and by the look on her face, she has heard absolutely every word.
But he steels himself as stubbornly as he can-- passing out or vomiting right now is a good way to get the doctor to change his mind about admitting him-- and grits his teeth into as close to a smile as he can get. "No," he says, at least. when he's found his voice again. "No, thank god. A&E tends to be more dangerous than where I'm at."
Then John catches one of his hands, tugging it down to the table between them, and looks at him with eyes so earnest and sincere it makes Sherlock want to run away.
John was just going to have to do his damn best to actually earn Sherlock's forgiveness, and make sure he never needed it again.
He's wearing faded pajamas, his hair is the result of corkscrew curls being smushed against a pillow all night long, mismatched and twisted with his chin rough with a ragged hint of stubble, and there's still a faded spot of blue right there on his face. He is criminally gorgeous, and clich though it is, fits the joke
"No. Thank you, but I won't be staying long." He raises an eyebrow, observing John's continued efforts to squirm free, and directs to both of them a dry sigh. "Sherlock, I'm afraid your efforts to make me uncomfortable with public displays of affection are only accomplishing the exact opposite. Please, do you think it's possible that we discuss this like grown-ups?"
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Urgency spikes through John as instantly as a shot of adrenaline, and he bolts up the rest of the stairs, two of the time.
He'd just let it go. Yes? If Sherlock wanted to talk about his university days, and Dr. Andrews, and the professor that he'd hugged, then he would. If he didn't, then he wouldn't. It wasn't John's business to try and drag it out of him. A few years ago, before relapses and a wedding and a fake suicide, John might've demanded it out of him, but this wasn't a few years ago. He didn't have that right anymore, but that wasn't important. He didn't need to interrogate Sherlock about events that had happened decades ago, he just needed to not fuck it up now.
He's starting to babble, now, to run out of things to say. He keeps on going anyway, repeating himself and reciting older cases and when that runs out just tells him how brilliant he is. How fantastic he is. How
So he smokes, radiating displeasure as much as he can, and plans how best to send John out for Chinese when they get home.
"All right," Ella began again, after a long, careful pause. She took a sip of water, watching him with a gaze that didn't entirely feel like a triumph. "In any case, John-- I think that you are jealous, of Dr. Wilson. I also think that you are genuinely worried about Sherlock, and for good reason. Sherlock should be focusing on taking care of himself right now, not putting himself together for the sake of a relationship. Especially one that sounds as if it might have been founded on a severe power imbalance and might have ended for very good reasons."
Whatever threat Sherlock has delivered, whatever blackmail he has in his talkative hands-- it is a big one.
and he finds his hands twitching again, lifting up through the signs just because he can't keep them still.
John hmmed to himself, his back still to him. He said nothing at first, passing the slowly filling water glass between his hands. "But you never had dinner with her."
Sherlock breathes in raggedly, a deep and shocked inhale. His pale eyes lock with John's, but only for a moment, and his face contorts in the next second, one hand cradling his shoulder in agony. His pain is open-mouthed, but silent.
Another small chapter today that's a little bit more fillery. The chapters after this one are important, but this one is really to just set up Sherlock's state of mind for the fallout that is to come :) (I proofread, of course, but I've also had a glass of wine so a few extra bits of proofready edits are likely to come!)
All John is wearing is the dreadful dressing gown. He looks at Sherlock, cupping the side of his neck in the way that he does, making sure he is really there, now, really awake. When he finds what he is looking for, he slides closer to kiss him.
He can do it.
Sherlock still doesn't answer back in words. He doesn't even try. But he lets John hold him and in a moment he presses his face against his shoulder, like a kitten wanting a cuddle. It's about all the strength that he has to move and it feels like being stabbed in the stomach, but Sherlock hides into his arm and his eyes are watering into his sleeve and in that moment, John wants nothing more than to crawl onto the narrow bed with him, wrap him in his arms, and never let him go again.
Sherlock rolls his eyes back, and recaps his pen with his teeth with a decisive
"Okay," he eased, "all right. I believe you. I'm sorry. I had to be sure, Sherlock."
Instead, he simply said, "Nausea's normal, even at this stage. How long has it been?"
John, while sick, exhausted, and clearly wanting nothing at all more than to just put his head back down on the floor and go back to sleep, has drawn him a map to milk and eggs and tea.
Sherlock eats now. In-between noting down his observations for the different overnight solutions in the beakers before him, he absently nibbles on bits of toast, and in-between flipping pages of his notebook he sips at half a glass of vitamin-rich orange juice. It's toast. It's toast with jam and orange juice. It's not enough. It's something.
"I'll be back soon," he murmurs. He can't-- he can't look at Sherlock. It hurts too much to do it so he talks to his hands instead, feeling absolutely
Sherlock closed his eyes, hunched over as much as John knew his healing ribs could take. His hair hid his eyes and he yanked the towel out from around his neck with an angry tug, twisting it between his hands.
"Sherlock?"
"John," he started quietly. "I understand why--"
He kissed Sherlock until he felt the tension drain away, he kissed him until he felt Sherlock start to smile again, relaxing under his hands again, just like that; he kissed him on the floor of the kitchen in 221B until Rosie hit both their faces with her toy, and proclaimed again,
He had never been called special before-- not once in a voice like that. Freak, faggot, queer, psychopath, weirdo, machine. And, yes,
one of the few things dead tissue from Molly is unable to replicate for him, and it's a bit not good to try and replicate it on his own. Not that John has permitted him to experiment with his own skin. That one has been tragically non-negotiable, he's found. But the observations alone have been incredible and vast, and just splaying his fingers over the new textures of rough, pink scars is good. He's hardly vain about imperfections to his transport, and he knows the very last thing John was ever with him for was his flawless skin.
Sherlock tosses an apple (thank you, John) hand to hand. It's dark and noisy and horribly uncomfortable, his room glowing green and blue with the light of the monitors and his tablet.
"Sherlock. He was only trying to--"
John had let it slide without interrogation, then. His concern over these past several weeks had been devoted to making Sherlock as comfortable as possible, not plying him with questions he very clearly did not want to answer. Sherlock had already guessed it would only be a temporary reprieve.
John, he suspects, will never be content to just
John's heart beat so hard in his ears he felt the blood pounding in his head.
John stared on at him again, still looking about as startled as a fish on land. He opened and shut his mouth and the number one thing he didn't do was
Oscar pressed his mouth against Sherlock's. Very quickly, very gently, his tongue just brushing against Sherlock's stunned lips. Then he stood back again, and cuffed his ear with the most affectionate smile he'd ever been given.
Proof of life. He is still alive and he is not going anywhere.
John folds his arms tighter, and watches.
either. He can not write, or type-- he can barely shake or nod his head. That is not a physical problem in his throat. That suggests-- it suggests--
Sherlock's heart stops in his sitting room at Baker Street, and the paramedics don't restart it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Something is very, very wrong.
He had to do better by his daughter.
He can picture them spelled, sitting there on a piece of paper. He can picture a dozen things that he could say, that he
"Sherlock," he sighed again.
It doesn't even look like Sherlock. Not really. Everything familiar about him is underneath wet gauze or machines or hurt. The black stitches that twine through his skin, fucking
But wouldn't that only hurt Sherlock, in the long run? Give him an out for this first attempt, and in doing so, encourage whatever fears and anxieties he had right now to run rampant whenever he tried again? Avoiding a phobia didn't make that phobia go away. It made it worse.
"Leave me alone. Call off your boys and
"What is it, Sherlock?" John waited another moment; now, Sherlock wasn't the only one sick to his stomach. Since when had Sherlock felt he had to hold his tongue around him? Around
it! He didn't actually get as far as doing it, obviously, but- it was a worthy consideration! A controlled fire, of course, designed to look as if an experiment had gotten out of control, and had only claimed Milgram as its casualty. And, possibly, one or two of John's more hideous jumpers.
His friend lifted his chin with a haughty sniff. "Dr. Andrews." He started tapping his little finger again, scratching it hard in the crook of his elbow.
He steps further in front of Sherlock, just enough that his hand can brush Sherlock's jittering one. "
Sherlock knew he deserved very little. But he absolutely, he
to his chart because this is Sherlock's baseline and you just talked to him like he's a five year old, you fucking
John kisses him once, right in the most wine-sticky shoulder. He runs his hand through Sherlock's hair, barely disguising a snicker at the rat's nest therein, and rolls onto his other side with his phone in one hand and a yawn in the other.
So maybe he did need to talk to Sherlock about Dr. Andrews after all.
What had John been supposed to do?
and John had been wanting so badly for him to be happy he hadn't listened. He hadn't fucking listened.
John waits again. Sherlock has no idea what he's meant to say, if there is even anything for him to say at all. He keeps his mouth shut and continues picking at the blanket, and John still looks at him. Waits.
Mycroft paused for another sip, frowning severely down at the floor. His finger tapped again, very stiffly and cold, with an almost mechanical air. He did not look back up at John. "That day was the first time that Sherlock overdosed."
And he
Soon, he'll have poured himself into his own bed, where he has plans to stay, possibly until his head stops hurting, possibly until the end of time. Either one sounds good, right about now. Especially if Sherlock is in a good mood.
"Is that the new model of centrifuge?" Sherlock ducked under his stretched out arm, sidestepping him into the deserted lab. It was! "It
Sherlock frowned at him again. That word, that one loaded, dangerous word.
"You do
Sherlock licks his lips uselessly. His hands stay limp at his sides, because even if he had the words to say, John would not hear them.
He kisses John with the both of them piss drunk and failing miserably at Rizla.
Mrs. Hudson is standing right in the doorway to the flat, a bowl of biscuits in hand. Today isn't her baking day. They're from Mr. Chatterjee. They're from Mr. Chatterjee and he hadn't known it because he's been up here all day, but whenever Mr. Chatterjee brings her baked goods she always brings half the box up here to keep him and John fed. Mrs. Hudson is standing in his doorway with biscuits.
"Why do you do this to yourself, Sherlock?". He didn't even try to keep the disappointment out of his voice. Sherlock seemed to live off of cocaine and praise; maybe the opposite of praise would help give him an extra nudge. "You could be anything you wanted, you know. You're smart enough, you could've done something that actually helps people, but instead--"
The scars are all in their final stages of healing, now. John says some will still fade entirely, especially now that he's managed to stop picking at them. There is nothing prominent or disfiguring on his face or neck. His hands are almost entirely unblemished, the nails fully grown back, and his arms are clean, too. The marks on his left one are the worst, scars from reconstructive surgery tracing his forearm and wrist, but they are small and neat, and only really noticeable to someone like John, who has the background to translate what they represent.
John moves back home, and Sherlock wraps himself all around him and doesn't let him go. John moves back home, and this time he's there to stay, and it's 2010 again, but this time forever.
we're going to do this, it needs to be because it makes both of us happy. Not just me. And to be sure that it does, I think you... I think
The consultants have never seen brain activity that looks like Sherlock's before. They can't tell the difference between abnormalities in the scans because he's a cracking mad genius, and abnormalities because something is
John forced himself to remain calm, and turned away to start washing the razor again.
Next up is Scandal in Belgravia!
fancy. It's posh to the point of showing off and John feels his blood pressure rising every time he passes by another state of the art nurses' station or catches a glimpse of Sherlock's electronic chart, and all he can think about is the chipping paint and duct-taped tubing in the lab at Bart's.
And that's that.
"Wait for what, Mrs. Hudson to come up and see?" Sherlock caught his hand in his hair and pressed his face to his neck again. He was so
He tapped his foot and waited some more.
Next up: the date. :)
This is the first time Sherlock has ever told him about it. Told
When John had encouraged Sherlock to go out on a case, he really hadn't done it so he could be sent out to investigate
"It... would seem so."
"Mycroft's going to kill you.
And he actually feels the slightest bit guilty, now. Which is utter nonsense. But Mycroft is unhappy that Sherlock had gone to John before he'd gone to him, that Sherlock had trusted himself to an ex-army doctor with a tyre iron before he'd relied on the most powerful man in all of Britain, and-
How disappointed will John even be able to be,
"John," he said suddenly, his voice low. With another sharp, stuttered breath, and he lowered his face to rub his mouth, his skin taking an almost greyish quality. "John, I think I'm going to be sick."
John says so. He is the most brilliant and resourceful man in all of London.
His mouth and fingers stick together with glue.
But the discussion was already closed. John was back to reading through the fat file, tracing the words with a pen, in a silence that very much demanded that Sherlock get moving. And if he did not get moving, there was still a crumpled paper ball under his hand, primed and ready to be thrown.
And John knew Sherlock was not the same person that he'd moved in, all those years ago. He was an incredibly different man than the one who'd risen from the dead just three years ago. He was more aware of people's feelings, and more reluctant to hurt them, but... but surely that wasn't all this was.
so long as it's suicidally reckless and stupid--"
He says something, they say something back, and he has to invent something to say in reply. He can't write a script for it any more; he has to be able to craft something to say right on the spot.
and I can barely understand more than hello and how are you. I'm not you, you know, I can't just pick up a language overnight, and I thought it was so unnecessary, I'd sit down and start learning it, and by the time I got anywhere significant all of this would be over! Of course you'd get your voice back soon! Why wouldn't you; you're Sherlock! Of course you'd be fine, why wouldn't you be?"
