For the first time since the hospital, Dean doesn’t wake to a nightmare. He turns to blame Cas, but finds that he’s gone.
Dean clicks A, moving onto the next question. He should have prepared for it, but he honestly hadn’t thought ahead, and now Dean stares blankly at his phone, almost shocked by the next question.
“Jack, don’t go up there!” Cas sprinted up the steps to rescue Jack. He grabbed him, and brought him back down. He held Jack as he asked his next question. “So… Amara is God?”
“Ah, I’m sure you did fine. Don’t pick yourself apart! You’re the smartest IT person I know.” She shrugs.
Dean springs forward, and his face makes hard contact with the floor. Another nightmare, another bruise for tomorrow.
“Uh… not where I was going with this, but ok. So why is he here, instead of on the street begging someone for a hotdog from one of those hot dog stands?”
“And a game for those who don’t have anyone else to play with.”  Sam teases. Dean glares at Sam before returning to his cards, realizing he has reached the end of his deck, losing the game.
“No.” He crosses his arms like a stubborn toddler. “Not until you let me help you.” Dean rolls his eyes. Typical. He gets back under his covers, smashing his head into his pillow.
“I know it doesn’t look like normal pizza, but you never know how it tastes until you try!” Jack nods his head, crossing his arms.
“So you have guilt.” Sam suggests. There’s a pause, as Dean shrugs, confirming Sam’s suspicion. “But why?” Dean knows he means it more as a statement than a genuine question. Like he’s trying to lead Dean down some bunny trail that will miraculously erase the weight of that day. When Dean doesn’t answer, Sam continues, “Look, Dean, I don’t know everything that went down with Billie, and maybe I never will, but Billie was hunting you down. You didn’t have time to process it, Dean. You were in shock.” Sam explains. “You can’t blame yourself for that. Like you said, there wasn’t anything you
“What? No, no she’s not- nothing. It’s fine, Cas.” Dean says, finally breaking eye contact with the woman to give Cas a reassuring look. Cas, who still isn’t completely convinced, looks from Dean, to the woman, and back to Dean. He seems to put it together.
“And what if he starts out with one of those little plastic toy slides that you get at Walmart, because I don’t want to make something too tall that he’ll fall out of.” Dean continues, as they head inside. Cas stops, he looks at Dean, as if trying to read his thoughts.
Dean isn’t sure why his finger lingers. He hastily clicks on B. Duh. The next question is just like the first, but with different answers.
“You think it’s your responsibility to fix the world, but it’s not. You think you’re good for nothing else, but that’s not true, Dean. You only think it’s true because that’s what Dad made you think.”
“It’s… ya know. Die…drate…” When Cas’s brow only twists into more confusion, Dean waves it off. “Never mind.”
“I guess, maybe a little bit.” Sam replied. He looked at Dean’s face, ridden with pain. He shut off the tv, and brought all of his focus to his grieving brother. “Dean, you can talk about it, you know.” Sam offered, “you still haven’t told me what happened down there.”
Dean is the first to finish. Then Cas. And of course, Jack is last, after half of his cone has dripped onto the ground. They pile back into the impala. That’s one thing Dean was glad for. Since he emptied the Arsenal in the trunk, Cas’s car became the designated hunting vehicle. Now they get to ride Baby around the suburbs, running errands, or just going out to get ice cream. Dean turns on the radio.
“I’m not gonna get sick. Even when my grace drains down to my wings, I’ll be perfectly fine. As long as I take it slow and don’t use too much at one time.” Cas says.
“Right. Okay, well then what was I saying? In my… prayers?” Dean hesitates to say that last part. Somehow, this question is even harder for Cas to explain. But he tries his best.
“Dean, that’s impossible, we just killed him, remember?” Sam said. Just then, three loud bangs rang from the bunker door. The boys looked at each other with something akin to caution. Dean grabbed a knife, motioning for Sam to take Jack. Sam grabbed Jack, a few steps behind Dean, ready to bolt if necessary. Dean started up the stairs to the door. He held his hand over the handle, which he told himself was out of caution. But he knew he was lying to himself. Instead, he clung desperately onto the small bit of hope that a particular angel in a Trenchcoat would be waiting for him on the other side. He closed his eyes, no longer hoping, but
“Yep. We’ll just come pick you up later for dinner.” He calls behind his shoulder. They hear the pitter patter of Jack’s small velcro shoes against the pavement behind them, catching up.
you, Dean. And I understand why it’s so hard for you to let go, but you have to.” Dean lets out an exasperated laugh.
“Well… lately I’ve been. I don’t know… noticing things that I never really had time to think about before.”
As Dean opened the door to the bunker, Jack skipped through, hopping over the threshold of the door. Dean dropped the car keys on the counter, and beelined it straight to the basement of the bunker. His speed walk turned into a run, which turned into a sprint. Finally, Dean found the room. He hesitated as grief washed over him. He hadn’t dared to go near this hall since it happened. But pure desperation overrode grief at this moment, as he threw open the door to the room, which to his horror, lacked a certain angelic being that he’d hoped had been revived. His eyes stung with tears. For the second time, he swung open a door thinking, hoping Cas would be there. And for the second time, he was disappointed, because he wasn’t.
“Nothing’s eating me, Sam!” Dean snaps, tossing down his cards, no longer interested in saving the game. “We don’t exactly have normal lives, you can expect a bad dream to appear here and there, Dr. Phil. Now do you care to help me clean this up, or are you gonna keep psychoanalyzing me?”
“That’s what I thought.” Cas murmurs. He turns away from Dean, disappearing down the hall. Dean hears a door shut. Dean takes a moment, his mind reeling from the conversation has just taken place. He feels like a zombie, as he waltzes back to his own room, shutting the door behind him. He crawls into his empty bed, turning off the lamp. He shrugs under his covers, waiting for sleep to wash away everything that just happened.
Dean holds his finger over “D.” It’s true, Dean never has been in a relationship with a man. He clicks it. The screen becomes blank, besides a gif of a pair of cartoon dice rolling, a circle spinning under it, indicating that it is loading. Dean is filled with a sense of dread, but why? It’s just a stupid quiz. Dean immediately feels relief flood him when this “stupid quiz” pops up with the result, which reads “
“Because, Sam, that whole ‘happily ever after’ crap doesn’t happen for guys like me, okay? It just doesn’t. I- I hunt things. I kill things. That’s what I do. That’s what I’m
“Oh right! You want to get it to surprise Cas?” Jack nods, already heading for the stairs. Cas cocks his head at Dean.
“Yum! Yummy, yum!” He points up to the bowl of fruit. Dean picks him up once more, taking out different fruits from his assorted salad, and offering them to Jack. Jack seems to prefer strawberries and bananas to pineapple, blueberries, or cantaloupe. As Cas watches them, he feels hopeful. Maybe things can work out for them. For all of them. Jack, Dean, Sam, Eileen, and him. Maybe, they can all be happy. Truly happy.
“You know, it’s funny. Earlier, Dean told me that he kinda looks like you.” Sam paused for a moment to examine Jack and Cas. “I can kind of see it, now.” Dean’s face turned bright red, but he said nothing in defence.
Dean startles to another nightmare, turning to make sure he didn’t wake Cas, just to find that he isn’t there. Right. Of course he isn’t there. And Dean doesn’t admit to himself that he wishes he was. Here he is, sulking in his room like some emo teen. He forces himself out of his room, to avoid raising suspicion. He’s almost immediately greeted by a very high-energy toddler, who wraps around his legs like a kid on a coconut tree.
Dean finishes the song, and is surprised to look up and see a broad grin on Cas’s face. It’s not the normal shit-eating grin Cas gives Dean when he wins an argument. Instead, it’s genuine, pleased.
“Mmhm! I help!” He runs to the glass door, and Dean stands, whistling at Miracle. He takes one last look at the shovel on the ground. Maybe Dean’s not the perfect straight soldier John wanted him to be. Maybe he failed him. He pauses. And maybe that’s a good thing. He slides the door shut.
than a best friend?” Dean feels like a fourth grader talking to Charlie in code like this. But what else is he supposed to say?
“Now you go home. You’ve done enough. Once again, the world is saved. And soon, humanity will be too.” She looked at Jack, who was playing peek-a-boo with Sam. Dean handed Sam the keys to the Impala.
“It doesn’t matter.” Dean says, unpausing the video so Cas can finish it. “People like that… they just have a stick up their ass. Ignore it.” Cas takes Dean’s advice, looking back at the phone. Dean releases the death grip he has on Miracle’s leash, and the dog lays down at his feet, yawning. He looks up to see the woman still hasn’t stopped her staring contest. Dean returns her gaze, but only for a moment. Soon, the woman calls her kid back from the slide, who has started up some exaggerated conversation with Jack. The kid reluctantly returns to his mother, who whispers something in his ear. The two rise from the bench. Dean feels his jaw clenching. People are such assholes. The woman and her son take to the sidewalk, which passes Dean and Cas’s bench on the way to another park. As they approach the two, she stands a moment, staring them down.
. He returns to the yard, grabbing the shovel. He watches Jack, who’s long since finished coloring, and is now hopping playfully across the small ditch near the vegetable garden. He leaps from one side to the other, making it a game. Dean feels a smile crawl across his face. Cas was right. That kid really does have Dean wrapped around his tiny toddler finger. Dean shovels more dirt over the pipes. He hears Jack’s squeals and giggles, as Miracle raises from his nap on the patio to lick Jack’s face. Dean feels his heart swell. This isn’t fair for Jack. Dean and Cas fighting like this, when the answer is so simple. But it’s not. It’s not that simple. Still, it’s different now. Now that Dean knows that this whole time, Cas felt the same. It’s still so complicated, but Dean feels less alone. Or he did. Until he went and messed it all up like he knew he would. He continues scooping more dirt into the trenches.
NO. STOP. He promised himself he wouldn’t go there. That he wouldn’t remember. But it’s too late. The memory floods him, like the river of a dam that’s been cracked. Dean couldn’t have been older than fourteen. He had befriended one of the neighborhood boys. Trevor- no… Donovan. His name was Donovan. He had one of those four wheelers that you could ride around in the soccer fields just outside the neighborhood. They hadn’t been in that apartment longer than a few weeks. But when John left for a routine salt and burn just a few houses down, Dean snuck out. He forgot to take the mac n cheese he made for Sammy off the stove. He went to Donovan’s house, and they rode his four wheeler around the field behind his house. There wasn’t a fire, not even smoke, at least Dean doesn’t remember there being any. He just burned it a little. But when John went back to the apartment, and found that Dean had left, he must have heard the motor of the four wheeler, and put two and two together. He marched out there, and… Dean can still feel the pit in his stomach remembering how John shouted his name. Like he had just murdered someone. “
“The things we have planned for Jack are still in the air Dean, it’s not over yet.” She hands him a piece of paper. “There’s something you must see. Meet me here in a week. Come alone.”
“Just shut up, Cas.” Dean mumbles into his pillow, kicking him. Cas shoves his leg back, but not hard enough to send Dean sprawling on the floor. A few minutes pass before he breaks the silence.
“I actually prefer mine this way, but most people like to add sugar or milk to balance it out a bit.” Dean suggests. Cas rises, dragging his blanket with him into the kitchen. He grabs the glass jar full of sugar, unclipping it. He picks it up, and starts pouring it into his mug. Dean leaps up out of his chair.
“No, not NASA specifically. Just a company that teams up with NASA.” She explains. “But it is possible that some of the projects they give me could be partnered with NASA, if I get the job. Fingers crossed!”
Dean grabs Miracle’s leash, before he can leap out of the car to chase down a squirrel climbing by the trees. Cas picked out this park. It’s nice. There are several parts to it, with a nice sidewalk path between them, lined with trees. This particular park is built for younger children. It has a few baby swings, a small jungle-gym maze, a slide that can’t be more than six feet tall with wood chips at the bottom, and a small sand pit. Jack beelines it straight for the sandbox. Dean catches him, scooping him up before he can reach it.
He opens the book so that the cover and title are face-down on the table. Usually, he would tilt the book up to him so he could read without lurching over the table, but he doesn’t want anyone reading the title. So he hunches over the book, scooting his chair as close to the table as he can. He looks at the table of contents.
“You know what Cas? I’m actually feeling better now. I don’t even know what I’m talking about, to be honest. I’m just tired.” Dean finishes off his beer, rising from his seat to throw away the bottle.
“Oh yeah, I think I vaguely remember hearing about that.” He shrugs. “Sounds fun. Maybe Jack will get to see a monarch butterfly!” Jack grins.
“Talk to me, that’s what I’m here for.” She smiles. “Best adopted sister ever, right?” He manages a smile, which fades back to a face of
A few weeks have passed since the incident on the forest bench. Dean won’t talk about it, and Cas won’t pressure him either. It’s been hell for Dean. Now he sits on his bed, tossing one of Jack’s toy rubber balls at the wall and catching it, like you see prisoners do locked in their cells in the movies. Dean isn’t a prisoner, he’s isolated himself in here by choice. He spends a lot of his time around the bunker avoiding Cas when he can, which is hard to do when he’s promised to help him look after Jack. Luckily, no one’s bothering to ask why Dean spends so much of his time in his room now, probably chalking it up to him “thinking about what he wants for the future.” But frankly, Dean can’t stop thinking about the past. He wouldn’t be so… thrown by it if… Dean isn’t sure what he expected, but nonetheless he’s freaked. He’s freaked because he kissed Cas, and not just a peck on the cheek that anyone can pass off as a joke or something, but a
“It’s a rainbow!” Dean looks at the single stripes of color that arch over in a horseshoe on the page. “Oh wow! Did you learn all the orders of the colors?” Jack nods, grabbing another blank sheet of paper. “Red…” he draws the horseshoe with the red crayon, then looks to his first work for reference. “Then or…ornge…” he looks back at the page. “And yellow!” He exclaims, probably because it’s one of his favorites. “Gr…reen… then blue… and purpa!” Dean chuckles.
“Well now that you’ve been bingeing it again, I have to finish it. You can’t just stop half way through the series.” Cas says. Dean sits next to Cas, chuckling in victory, which is cut short when his hand lands in something gooey. He looks down, inspecting one of Jack’s abandoned Gogurt snacks, half full, and oozing out of the wrapper into Dean’s hand.
“‘It’? What ‘it’?” Dean asks. Sam stares at him, hard. His expression switches to something unreadable, as if his train of thought changes tracks before answering.
Dean pulls into one of the public libraries in Lebanon. Usually when researching for a case, he doesn’t have to look further than the library in the men of letters’ bunker. But then again, Dean highly doubts any books on… this stuff would be found among the collections of the men of letters. He turns off the impala, taking a deep breath. Dean ponders going back, forgetting about all of this and drowning his woes in some city bar. It’s tempting. He reaches for the key, to turn the ignition. His thumb strays a second longer before he yanks it out of the ignition. He needs answers. And he needs them fast. There’s only so long that he can avoid Cas, and he’ll feel better when he can push this all aside, chalking it up to some sort of psychological meltdown after his therapy session and call it at that. He steps out of Baby, locking her up, and heads straight for the tall library doors.
“Shut up, Sammy.” Dean says, Eileen lets out a chuckle. Cas offers the salt to Jack, who sprinkles it onto the “pizza”, but still won’t try it.
“Don’t worry, here let me help.” Dean leans over, taking a bite out of Jack’s ice cream. Jack squeals and starts laughing.
“Dude, how do you even remember that? You were like, 4, I barely remember that.” Dean says, “I was scared those doors would fall on you, they were falling apart. Those hinges were barely hanging on.” Dean says.
He can’t be, because in order for that to be true, he would have to be gay. And he’s not gay. Not completely. Dean heaves a sigh, pulling his phone out of his pocket. Sometimes Dean will have a question he knows technology won’t be able to answer, but he’ll type it into the search engine on his browser anyway, usually to get it all out somehow, if nothing else.
“Eh, more or less. It’s like a surprise you don’t tell anyone else ever. A secret is something we just keep between us. Spider-Man has to keep his powers a secret, because if he doesn’t, the bad guys might get him.” Dean explains. “And sometimes, people we don’t know, like strangers, can be bad guys. So we never ever tell them about your powers, because you’re like Spider-Man. And we want to keep you safe.” Jack nods slowly, understanding. “And part of keeping that secret might be that you can’t always fix our owies.” Dean says. Jack seems confused.
“Coding a new game. Think World of Warcraft meets Lord of the Rings. Though, I made sure the shadow orcs-” she stops herself, reading Dean’s face.
“No, no, no. This is bad, Cas. This isn’t-” Dean stops himself. “This isn’t supposed to happen! I’m not-” Dean rubs his hand over his face, then runs it through his hair. Trying to find a way to articulate his feelings.
“Exactly.” Dean says. “And other things too.” Dean wants to stop there, but his mouth seems to have different plans. “I… kind of, may or may not have… kissed Cas.” Dean confesses. He shocks himself.
“Well. I’m gonna go grab a drink.” Dean rises. “You should probably get back to bed. No wonder you’ve been so tired.”
” Cas says slowly, as he plants his hand firmly on Dean’s shoulder. Dean drops his head, staring at the floor once more.
“I suppose Jack’s finding it hard to adjust. He is a half-angel child after all.” Cas suggests, staring at the sky, which is starting to lighten a bit at the horizon. As Dean sits back upright, the wooden board under him creaks.
As Dean shuts the fridge, he notices that Cas has completely ignored his advice, and is instead sitting at the dining room table. He pulls out a chair for Dean next to him. Dean rolls his eyes, tossing his bottle cap onto the table, before joining him. For a few minutes, neither of them dare to break the silence. Finally, Cas asks the question.
“Then tell me about it.” And Dean wants to, but he also feels like he can’t. He can’t bring himself to say the words. But he has to. God, he would have to be a dick to act weird about this in front of Charlie, like he’s got something against gay people, which he doesn’t. He might even
“Huh? Yeah. Yeah it’s uh… the lgbt pride thing. Ya know, it’s June, so… makes sense.” He takes another bite out of his cone, hoping Cas won’t notice his nerves. Instead, Cas smiles.
“There’s so much… changing.” He looks down at his hands, which are clasped in front of him, which he finds that he often does when he’s nervous. “Amara’s already changing things with the Angels, I can feel it. There’s so many voices on angel radio. Most of them are choosing to stay in heaven. Even with the human experience, they find the concept of free will… strange.” Dean nods his head lightly, following along.
“I’ve been thinking a lot, you know, about all of this ‘true happiness’ crap.” Charlie nods, following along. In the last few weeks she’s been here, she’s pretty much figured out the dynamic of the bunker. “And so I’ve had to do more, you know, reflecting about myself… and my place in it all, you know? The people around me, people I care about being affected. And now I have questions that I just can’t seem to find the answers for.” Charlie looks at him thoughtfully. He’s being very vague, which seems to confuse her. He sighs. This is so difficult.
Weird. Dean closes the tab on his phone. He feels exhausted, despite not having left his place on his bed. A few minutes go by as Dean contemplates all the information he’s just received.
“Nothing, yes, I’m totally fine with you helping raise Jack.” Dean looks at him, as if he just accused him of something, but he can’t quite figure out what.
“Well, okay, what happens? In your dreams?” Dean stares at the table, as if thinking his answer through carefully.
“I’m not finished.” Billie said, as she banged her staff. She continued, “you’ll notice Jack resurrected me. That’s for a reason. When Amara takes on Jack’s power, or rather, Chuck’s power, she won’t just be the darkness anymore. She'll be both darkness and light, and none at the same time. Instead, she’ll simply be Life. And I, Death, was brought back to make sure there is still balance.” Billie explained.
“Dean?” Dean scrambles up from his spot on the bench, reaching for his keys. He manages to find them in his pocket, and starts running for the car. “Dean, wait!” Dean doesn’t slow, he just keeps running and running. He only stops when he hears a blood-curdling scream.
“Yep.” Dean followed Cas down the stairs. Cas approached the toddler, who was now on the ground, petting Miracle. Cas crouched down to his level.
“Yeah and since Amara’s ‘Life’ now or whatever, and Billie’s Death, I guess they kinda cancelled out.” Dean scratched his head. “Anyway, they said that when he grows up, he’ll be the new God. and he’ll ‘save humanity’, as Amara put it. But for now, he stays with us.”
He forgot about not using the door, which has just bumped into the wall from swinging open. Dean startles, leaping out of his bed, and throwing out his arm, which is gripping a switchblade. He shouts as Cas grabs his arm, stopping the blade from cutting him. Dean quickly grabs Cas’s arm, running him into the wall, bringing the blade up, threateningly, before his face settles in recognition.
“Charlie, when did you realize you were a lesbian?” Dean asks her, hoping it's not an offensive question. She smiles.
“Until now.” This gets a small chuckle from Dean, who rubs his face, as if trying to wipe the sleep away. He runs his hand through his hair, which he sometimes does when he’s thinking.
“You just are. You… you… damn, I can’t explain it.” Dean searches for a way to articulate his thoughts. “I just see it. Hell, I see it all the time. Like, uh… take Miracle, here, for example.”
…” Dean trails off. “And he was gone, Sam. Just… just gone. I couldn’t do anything to get him back. Not a damn thing. And I just stood there and let it take him.”
“Yeah, uh… yeah. Just a… a breeze. Ya know, cross-winds and that stuff.” Dean says, clearing his throat. Sam nods.
Dean finally pulls his face back from Cas, trying to catch his breath. The gravity of the situation hits him like 800 lbs of bricks as he feels his face twist in fear and confusion.
“Oh, brother, you’re preaching to the choir, here.” Dean says. He pats Cas’s shoulder. “Cas, none of us know
Dean made his way back up the stairs, to find Jack on the couch next to Sam, who was browsing the cable programs. Dean looked at Jack, the last remnant of Castiel’s kind heart… second to the bloody handprint on Dean’s jacket, which he had refused to take off to this point. Dean took a seat on the coffee table across from Jack.
First thing’s first… research. Dean already feels like his head will explode from the “research” he just did, but what better things does he have to do? He forces himself out of bed.
“That’s right, you’re Jack.” The toddler then grabbed Cas’s finger with his hand, which was so small that he could only wrap it around that one finger.
“No, Cas. I’m not risking it. I’m the only reason you got sick in the first place. I’m not gonna be the reason you lose the rest of your grace too.” Dean shuffles over, no longer facing Cas, making it final.
Dean knows he’s dreaming this time. Still, his heart doesn’t slow when the cliff crumbles below their feet, swallowing Cas whole. He can still hear his screams after his eyes force themselves open. Dean tries catching his breath, his heart hammering in his ears. He checks to see if he woke Cas, and is satisfied watching his chest rising and falling slowly. He’s fast asleep. It helps Dean in a way, knowing that at least one of them is at peace. Dean sinks back onto his side, hoping sleep doesn’t claim him too quickly.
Dean knows this for a fact. He likes women way too much to be gay. He’s not gay. So did he even feel anything at all? Or was it all just nerves for stepping outside of his comfort zone? For taking a risk? He was experimenting, figuring it all out, but the experiment failed. He didn’t get the answer he’d hypothesized. That’s what a failed experiment is, right? When your results aren’t the answer you expected. Well he didn’t expect Cas to kiss him back, and he definitely didn’t expect to
“But where is it now?” Cas asks. “The… remix, so to speak.” Dean gets that expression across his face that he only gets when he has a great idea, or is proven right about something.
“Sam’s a wuss.” Dean says, taking as big of a bite he can out of his own ice cream for extra measure. Cas rolls his eyes, but can’t help cracking a smile. A car passes, and Jack points to it.
“Castiel?! Cas! No... No! CAS!” Cas looks at the alarm clock on his nightstand. It reads 3:17 AM. Cas, remembering the events from the night before, manages to calm down before exiting his room. This time, he flies into Dean’s room, to avoid opening and closing his door, which may be loud enough to wake him. Repeating the same ritual as the night before, Cas reaches his hand over Dean, using his grace to bring him peace, then flies back out again.
“I gotta fix this, man, it's driving me nuts. And I mean tearing it all up, and building a whole new deck, lord knows we have the space for it.” Dean mutters to himself. The yard is huge, and they never would have stumbled upon it if Jack hadn’t found it a few weeks prior. He takes another swig, before realizing Cas is just staring at the horizon, lost somewhere in his own thoughts. He looks upset.
“All will be revealed when it needs to be.” Amara said. “We still must be wary that this ends the way it’s supposed to.”
“Okay, so Dad wasn’t the best. But what do you expect me to do about it now?” Dean asks, calming down.
“Cas, listen to me,” Dean says, scooting closer to better explain his thoughts. “You’re not gonna be perfect, okay, no one is. You’re gonna make mistakes…” he lets out a small chuckle before continuing, “that’s what humans do. We make mistakes, it’s bound to happen.” This seems to discourage Cas. “But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t
“Well then would you like to let Miracle inside? We’re gonna take him with us to the park.” Dean asks. Jack leaps up from his chair, darting down the stairs without another word. Charlie lets out a light laugh.
“Cas?” He grabs it, looking into Dean’s eyes. Dean doesn’t move or shrug away. Cas runs his fingers down Dean’s palm, intertwining them into Dean’s own calloused fingers. He leans forward, and Dean’s eyes follow his, as he gets closer and closer, until their noses almost touch. “
“But these are different. I felt them when you prayed to me, they felt… there are no words, Dean. It was just painful. So much fear… that’s not normal.” Cas ponders a moment. “You got them when I came back. Maybe me being so close…” He pauses, thinking. “I should just leave.”
“No. No way. It’s not worth it.” Dean cuts him off. Cas huffs, sitting next to Dean, shutting the door behind him.
It’s nearly 3:30 AM when Dean finally crawls into his bed. He didn’t realize how tired he actually was until his head hit the pillow. As he feels his eyes grow heavy, he hears something shuffle in his room. He grabs the knife he leaves under his pillow. Pure silver, just in case.
Cas wonders if Dean’s nightmares are usually this bad. He makes his way to Dean’s room. He opens the door, approaching Dean. As he holds his hand over Dean, Cas hears a thud behind him.
“That’s what you want?” Cas asks. “You’re sure?” Dean nods. “Okay.” Cas turns to exit down the hall, but finds himself turning back around. He stands across from Dean, silent. He reaches out for Dean’s hand.
“Then you’re like me. And I’m really not that bad.” She returns, nudging him. He laughs, but it’s quickly replaced with a weary expression.
A different voice is talking- not the same one he grew up hearing. Not the same one that takes over when Dean becomes angry and resentful. Not the voice that would scold him or berate him for every small mistake he made. No. This was a different voice.
“I’m okay, Jack.” Dean says. He turns off the tap, showing his hand with the blood all washed off. “See?” Dean ducks it back into the sink before more blood can rush to the surface. He rinses it off for a few more minutes, and soon the bleeding slows, almost stopping completely. He dabs it with a washcloth, before grabbing a band-aid from the pantry. He sits on the couch, peeling off the wrapper. Jack follows close behind. He pokes at Dean’s hand.
Dean’s never dealt with a picky toddler before. There were times when Sam was younger that he would complain about having to order in chinese for the 500th time in a row, but Dean always tried to talk Sam into shutting up about it so John wouldn’t yell at him. It didn’t always work. Eventually Sam learned to stop complaining.
“I’ll figure it out.” Cas nods. That’s good enough for him, for now, he can’t ask much more from Dean. “Whatever the case, I’m ready.”
“Want to try?” He tips his cone to Dean. Dean laughs, thinking he’s joking at first. Then he realizes Cas is 100% serious.
“It was just another nightmare, Cas, I’m fine.” Dean runs his hand through his hair, slumping back onto his bed. He looks up at Cas, who still stands in his doorway. “You’re still here.”
responsibility. I mean, really, he’s more your kid out of all of us, but, yeah Cas, I’m helping whether you like it or not!” Cas feels a smile creep across his face, which turns into a laugh.
Cas awakes to a voice speaking to him- Dean’s voice. He sits up, looking around his room for Dean, but he’s nowhere to be found.
“You…’re... you’re Cas!” Then he went around the room, pointing at each of them. “You..’re... S...Sam!” He waddled up to Dean, who was now crouched next to Cas. Jack points at him. “You’re Dee!”
He quickly unscrews it, turning off the spicket. He readjusts it, and screws it back on. This time the water doesn’t spray everywhere. His shoes squeak as he makes his way back to his tools. He spends the rest of the day cutting and hooking up the pvc pipes to make a sprinkler system that will reach across the whole garden. He begins cutting holes and attaching nozzles to the pipes, so he can screw on the sprinkler heads later. When it’s all done, he’ll bury it back up so the sprinkler heads are the only thing that pokes above the surface of the dirt. But for now, it’s all measuring, cutting, and trying not to let the fumes in the chemical adhesive burn his eyes in the Kansas heat.
“Right… so you’re… straight?” She asks him. Dean knows she’s not asking out of her own curiosity, but to help talk Dean through it. Usually, Dean wouldn’t burden her with it, but Dean figures maybe this is the one time he should be selfish. He sighs, sitting back up on the bed.
“Everyone wants something. Does it feel like something is missing in your life?” Dean doesn’t like where this is going. That’s another thing about Cas. He always seems to figure Dean out before Dean figures himself out.
“She had it coming. Staring us down like that. Why can’t people mind their own damn business?” Dean defends, crossing his arms. Cas rolls his eyes.
“No, I don't think that my people skills would benefit that job very much.” Dean offers him a side-eye.
“A little, but I’m okay. Watch.” Dean folds the band-aid over it. “See? All better.” Jack furrows his brows, turning over Dean’s hand to look at his knuckles, which are scabbed over. Jack stares at it curiously.
“Yeah! But we still have to wait one sleep, okay?” Dean says, pointing up his index finger. Jack nods, thoughtfully, before darting down the hall. Cas and Dean follow him, just to see him curl into his bed, pulling the covers up to his chest.
“Good Morning, Jack.” Cas tells him, watching the cartoon from the kitchen while it warms up. Dean checks his watch.
.” He grabs it by the spine, yanking it out of the shelf. His nerves have got the better of him, and now three more books tumble from their places on the shelf.
“Well, maybe I wasn’t cut out to be an angel.” Cas admits. “But I wouldn’t be- I’m not good at being human either.”
No. if he did, it would have ended with the bed turning into a big dark pit that swallows them both, or something. If Dean wasn’t too tired to think, he might admit to himself that he liked Cas’s company. But he is too tired to think. He needs coffee. Dean stumbles out of his room into the kitchen. He fills the coffee pot, letting it heat up. Unfortunately, he ran out of pvc pipe yesterday, so he’ll have to go to home depot for more. He sits at the table to drain his mug of coffee.
“Woah! What the hell, Cas?!” He yanks down the chord on his lamp, sending a sharp yellow-tinted light through the room. Cas sits up, puzzled. He stares at Dean with furrowed brows. He finds he can’t say anything, his mind still scrambling to understand what has just unfolded. All he can manage is a half question, half statement.
Dean is almost amused when he clicks on the link, but his curiosity has taken the best of him. The screen loads, and he clicks the “
“It felt unnatural. I think that’s another reason I knew. Because when I kissed girls, that felt natural.” Charlie explains. Dean wishes there was a way to stop his brain from thinking without his permission.
“Right. Yeah, yeah I know, Cas, I know.” Dean hugs back, not wanting to move. Wishing they could stay like that for one more moment. And they do. “Thank you.” Dean whispers.
“Mama Mia, Mama Mia! Mama Mia let me go!” Cas laughs as Dean whips out a fake microphone. Dean tilts his arm back, signaling Jack to solo. Jack takes it, saying random gibberish along to the tune.
“Amara and Billie also said that while he grows up with us, they’ll be preparing heaven, actually everything, for him. Something about making all the changes now, so Jack won’t have to insert himself into the story like Chuck did.” Sam added. Cas nodded thoughtfully, following along.
“Goodnight, Cas.” Dean repeats. At first, Cas doesn’t move. He stays, with his hand still firmly gripping Dean’s shoulder a few seconds longer. Then, he swiftly passes Dean, turning the corner of the hall to his own bedroom. Dean doesn’t meet his eyes as he leaves. Dean returns to the table, grabbing a deck of cards from the island counter that separates the kitchen from the dining room. He shuffles the cards, removing the jokers, and starts setting up solitaire. He’s about ten minutes into his first game when Sam walks in. His hair is a mess, and he almost trips on his oversized penguin-patterned pajama pants. This gets a small chuckle from Dean, who knows the only reason Sam even wears those pants is because Eileen got them for him. Who would have thought there was any article of clothing in this world that was too
“Yeah, nice one, Sammy. You know, I thought I would have some strawberry yogurt yesterday, but instead I grabbed vanilla, because I really just don’t want to be happy.” Sam rolls his eyes.
“No.” Cas repeats, “my happiness isn’t in heaven.” This shuts Dean up. It’s the way he used that word again, after saying it before…. When the empty took him. His
.” Dean says. “So what if you don’t get it right at first? Sure, you’ll feel like a big failure and you’ll think ‘what the hell am I doing? I’m not cut out for this!’ But you gotta believe me, man. I’ve seen how you are with Jack, okay, you care about him a
“The longer an angel remains out of heaven, the more heavily they will experience earthly life.” She explained, “They’ll keep their wings, but after so many years, their grace will diminish until there’s just enough left to sustain their wings.”
“I know.” Dean answered, offering him a smile. Jack laughed. He then held up his hand in his own special wave. Amara did it. Sam and Dean watched as he shrunk back down to toddler size.
make you feel?” What? Is he allowed to feel weird about it? Isn’t that homophobic? Dean doesn’t want Charlie to think that of him.
“Good.” Amara placed her hands on Jack’s head, just like he did with Chuck, and drained him of Chuck’s powers. Jack turned to face Sam and Dean.
His eyes focus, and he realizes he is in his room. His head rolls heavily as he rights himself back on his bed, throwing himself back onto the pillow. It all comes back to him in a wave of crashing revelation.
“I’m sure they’d say the same about what actually happened with God and heaven if we ever had to explain it to them.”
But what if he was bisexual? What then? Would the world end? Would everyone he loves leave? Would it matter? He shoves more dirt into the hole. The sun is starting to set.
“Okay. Now close your eyes.” He raises his hand over Dean’s forehead, which Dean looks at, questionably, before following Cas’s directions. “Now, I guess just try and feel that emotion more deeply.”
“Dean, do you ever think it’s possible that Cas just wants you to be happy?” There’s a slight pause between Sam’s question and Dean’s answer.
“Well it’s like that.” Dean says. “You have a heart of gold, Cas. but, like, a special one. It’s different.”
“So we’ve been playing this game for fifteen minutes. When are you gonna tell me why you’re actually awake?”
“What- pray in my sleep? No, that’s impossible. How can you pray in your sleep? That doesn’t make any sense.” Dean says.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I thought this was okay, but if it makes you uncomfortable, then I’ll just… stop.” Cas’s eyes rest on the floor, his own cheeks growing crimson. Dean sighs.
Four and a half hours later, Dean has whipped up a steak and potato dinner. That’s part of the joy of Sam not being around, no more vegan dinners! As Dean sets a steak on his plate, Jack stands on his chair to whisper to Dean.
“I’m cold.” He answers, taking a seat at the end of the table, across from Dean. He groans. “And.. I feel heavy. My head… is spinning.” Cas says, dropping his head in his hands. Sam laughs from the kitchen.
“Out! Out!” Cas extends his arms, unfolding the blanket to expose Jack to the outside world again. He hops out of Cas’s lap to the ground, leaving his own blanket behind. He runs up to Dean, who is now in the kitchen, preparing himself a fruit salad from Sam’s smoothie leftovers. Jack tugs on Dean’s pajama pants.
“Okay kid, time for phase two,” Dean told Jack, “think you can do this?” He asked. Jack nodded, closing his eyes. He turned his hands on himself, as if pulling power from his body, which worked, as he successfully brought Amara back into the world.
“It’s basically where I get paid to hack into their software, networks, and databases to show them where their weak spots are.” She says. Cas and Jack enter from downstairs, Jack sets a jar on the table.
“C- Cas?” He whipped to face Jack, “you brought him back?” Jack furrowed his brow, as if concentrating.
“Yes- no, no. I just…” Dean takes a breath, trying to organize his thoughts. He says the only thing he can, the thing he knows Cas needs to hear. “You’re not crazy.” Dean forces himself to meet Cas’s eyes. Cas returns his gaze, his stormy eyes piercing into Dean. He swings open his door, much to Dean’s shock. But Dean steps in. “You’re right. I’ve been a dick. I was… I don’t know what I was doing. But you’re right. I should have made it clear how I was feeling.” Cas shuts the door behind him.
“What if I’m not… I’ve never been human before,” He explains, “Before, raising Jack... it was a little easier because he could speak full sentences, and feed himself, and rely on himself for a lot of things, but now?” There’s a small pause before Dean adds his thoughts.
“No, silly!” He lets out a chuckle. “Let’s try again, remember, when I call you ‘Bub’ you can’t use your powers. It’s like a game, but in real life.” He tells Jack. He carries him, setting him back on the couch. Dean returns to the table, pretending to stub his toe again. “Ow!” Jack comes running again. “Just stay there, Bub.” Dean says. Jack freezes in his tracks, staring at Dean expectantly. He doesn’t move to help him. Dean grins at him. “Good job, Jack! You did it!” He bounces up, clapping his hands. Jack perks up, clapping his own hands.
“Well, because this is his home. Miracle is your dog, I knew you’d be happy to see him, and he needed-”
“Shh!” Sam waves his hand out to shush Dean before continuing. “Four mississippi, five mississippi, six mississippi, ” Dean reluctantly joins in.
“Would you let him raise Jack?” Sam asks. Dean is taken aback by this question. He scrambles for an answer.
“Jack agreed on one condition,” Amara added, “that we turn him back into three year old.” This confused Sam and Dean.
.” Finally, Dean swung open the door, tossing up the blade in front of him in defense, when he became paralyzed, dropping the blade. His eyes grew wide, and his lungs momentarily stopped working, waiting for his heart to catch up to the sight that stood before him outside the threshold.
“Well tea is just a bunch of dried out plants. Like peppermint tea is from peppermint leaves. And chamomile tea, the one that makes you sleepy, is from a chamomile plant.” Jack’s eyes grow in wonder.
“Ready?” Jack asks. Cas nods. “One… two… three!” Jack yanks the towel off the pitcher, revealing the honey-colored drink.
“About that day in the basement.” He answers slowly, “when Billie- and… and Cas…” Dean lets out a sharp exhale. He doesn’t finish.
“No!” Dean was so occupied with how loud he said it, that he didn't even catch his arm from swinging out and gripping Cas, as if he would leave right this second. He feels his face burn, as he pulls his hand away. “That won’t solve anything. Plus Jack.” Cas looks at him hard, sighing.
“Yeah, well, maybe they’re not as rusty as you think.” Cas tilts his head, smiling at Dean. “Come on, I’m craving ice cream.” He says, rising from the bench. He calls to Jack, pocketing his phone. “Alright kiddo, time to go.”
“Listen, Jack, this…” he holds out his hands to show him. “Owies? They’re normal, right? And sometimes I get small owies, like my hand. And sometimes, I might get big owies-”
Cas doesn’t emerge until almost noon. Usually he’s up sooner for Jack, but some Sundays he sleeps in, letting Dean turn on cartoons for him instead. This Sunday was no exception, as Jack rose just in time to wish Sam and Eileen goodbye before watching Garfield for the next hour and a half, Dean on his third bowl of cereal next to him.
“Not quite,” Amara answered, “We still need soldiers to carry out tasks, to protect certain things, run things in heaven.” She paused for a moment before disclosing her decision, “Instead, we’re adding a new rule. Angels will still have their grace, but, if an angel leaves heaven, and goes to earth, their grace will be drained.”
“I mean, If you asked me a year ago, I would have told you I was straight. Like. One hundred- okay maybe… ninety eight percent.” Dean admits. It’s true. Charlie listens, patiently. “But lately… I don’t know. Some things have happened since, and I’m not quite sure.”
Mom, Sam. On the ceiling. Of course Dad taught us to protect ourselves, we had to! With what was out there-”
“No, Cas.” Dean says a little harshly, still avoiding Cas’s stare. “I- I don’t…” he closes his eyes, taking in a breath, trying to think of a way to explain it to Cas. “I can’t… right now.” Cas, though visibly concerned, backs off.
“It’s just… I dunno. Stuff.” Dean answers, shutting the door, before sitting on the side of his bed. Charlie raises her brow.
Dean makes sure no one is around when he ducks into the “gender studies” aisle. Maybe he should have gone to some college library instead. People would just assume he’s taking notes for some exam for a class or something. But here? Here he’s a man in his late thirties, early forties, perusing the “sexuality and gender spectrum” encyclopedias like some weirdo. He quickly scans the shelves for something on bisexuality so he can shag ass out of there ASAP. He feels sweat pooling on his brow, and chalks it up to the lack of air circulation and bright, unforgiving lights. His eye catches a book titled “
“There he is!” It's Dean. He takes a seat next to Cas, beer in hand. “Just put Jack back to bed. It’s a good thing we went out and got diapers when we did. That’s all I can say.” Dean chuckles. He twists the cap off his beer and takes a swig, before leaning over and scratching Miracle’s belly. “I thought kids stopped that whole waking up at 2:30 in the morning crap at, like. one year old.”
“All the more reason to try and keep the peace.” Cas replies. Dean wants to argue, but he knows Cas is right.
“Fine. Don’t hog it all. And if you make another peep, I’ll kill you.” Cas slinks under the blanket in complete silence, heeding Dean’s warning.
“I don’t know.” Dean admits. He decides it’s probably best to go ahead and tell her the truth. It’s Charlie. If anyone understands, it’s her. And who’s she going to tell? She wouldn’t tell anyone. And if Dean’s being 100% honest, he doesn’t know for sure that he is straight. He was pretty damn sure until recently, and if he was… not straight, wouldn’t he have realized it a lot sooner?
“What are you talking about? Of course I am. Jack is family.” Dean sits on the couch, setting his beer on the coffee table in front of him.
“Very.” Cas answers, trying to compose himself. “How do you stand it?” Dean lets out a light chuckle.
Dean wishes he could honestly click D, but he knows he can’t. Damn it. Does it even count? He kissed
“It’s bedtime!” Dean says. Jack leaps up from his chair, not even finishing his tea… which Dean forgot was caffeinated. Still, Jack darts to his room and scrambles into his bed.
. Dean contemplates staying there, letting the cold from the floor soak into his skin. But he scrambles up when his door flies open.
“Yeah. Cas thinks it’s teeth marks. I think it’s been scratched up by a squirrel or a raccoon. Sam’s money is on some sort of bug, but Cas is convinced it’s a rogue rabbit.” Dean furrows his brows.
“Not today, there isn't. No. Today, we’re getting to the root of it all. All of it, Dean. So we’re gonna talk about it.”
“Cas, wait.” Dean follows him into the hall, grabbing his arm, and Cas turns to him, and the only way to describe the look on his face is with the word hurt. Dean tried to explain. “Just- I don’t know! I mean, first it was just the little things, people saying things, hands brushing… but then came the nights when we would just hang out, and I thought that was fine, and then the- the flowers, and then the jet ski, and we’re raising a kid together, you know that’s weird but whatever, but then you were rubbing sunscreen on my back, and now we’re sharing ice creams and- and a freaking bed?!!?! What the hell?! Cas this isn’t- i didn’t- I was fine with it at first, you know, whatever, but… I can’t- I didn’t mean- I just… We-” he stops.
“Like… it didn’t feel right, kind of weird?” she asks. She finishes when he doesn’t reply. “Or… It did feel right, and now you’re confused about it, kind of weird?” Dean thought the knots in his stomach couldn’t get any tighter. He was wrong. He meets her eyes, he doesn’t want to make it seem weird, like he’s judgemental or homophobic about this, but he just can’t say it. He can’t. Charlie seems to understand, and she doesn’t hate him, or scream at him, or accuse him of hatred or bigotry. Instead she wraps her arms around him, tugging him into a hug. “It’s okay, Dean. I understand, it’s okay to be confused or scared or unsure about things.” And Dean melts at the words. She continues, “And it’s okay not to know everything about yourself, and it’s okay not to know a whole lot about the lgbtq community. Some people go their whole lives never figuring it out. This is hard stuff. But I’ll help you.” Dean battles his tears, and he wins for the most part.
“It’s lgbtq pride. Basically like a big holiday to celebrate being a part of the queer community.” Dean can’t wrap his head around just how many people there are in these pictures.
“What? I don’t want- what do you mean!?” Embarrassment is crawling up from Dean’s stomach, settling into his chest.
“I heard you cry out in your sleep, I thought maybe a monster or something had attacked you. But when I walked in, I realized it was just a nightmare you were having. I didn’t want to wake you, so I just figured I’d… I’d just try and take the fear away.” Dean stares at Cas with an unreadable expression.
“Or s-something.” Dean manages to tack on. He forces himself to gauge her expression. She looks at him with a look of… compassion, and understanding? But not pity, which Dean appreciates.
It takes an hour and a half to talk Jack into trying his vegetable pizza. Dean’s glad Cas was there, and vice versa, because Dean knows either of them would have lost it or given up if the other wasn’t there to cut in. Toddlers are hard. Dean crashes onto his bed, and doesn’t even bother to crawl under the covers. He barely had enough energy to take a shower and wash the dirt all off of him. He whips up when he feels weight sinking on the other side. It’s Cas. Dean rolls his eyes, far too tired to even try to argue with him tonight. He offers Cas another pillow and he takes it, though he just sits, reading a book.
“Yeah, and here I am using that ‘rest’ to keep you from your own, while also dumping my sob stories onto you. ”
“Purple, yeah. That’s Sam’s favorite.” Jack nods vigorously. “Well that is a perfect rainbow, Jack. I love it!” Jack beams.
powers, even after giving Amara Chuck’s. And, when the time comes that Jack is ready, he will take his place as God.” This was a lot to digest, but Dean still managed to form a question.
“Something’s eating Cas’s at garden. He said it was just a few flowers at first, but now it’s even stealing things from the veggie garden.” Charlie explains. “You can see the tiny claw marks in the squash.”
“Yeah, it’s online. A position with a company called Intrepid? They do private contracting with NASA, and if I get the job, it’d be a nice raise in pay grade.” Dean raises his brows.
“What happened?” Cas asked. “While I was gone?” Before Dean could answer, Cas asked another question. “Where’s Jack?” Dean stepped aside so Cas could peer over the railing, to see Sam holding Jack.
“Charlie said she might get a job.” He pauses for a moment. “Hey Dee, are you gonna be busy today?” He asks. Dean’s gut wrenches. Of course he wants to spend time with Jack, but he knows wherever Jack is, Cas is never far behind. He’s surprised Cas isn’t here to watch Jack right now. As if on cue, Dean hears steps coming up from downstairs. His dread quickly subsides when he places the footsteps as Charlie’s. Not Cas. She enters the dining room.
“Because…” Cas can’t seem to find a good answer. There’s a long pause. “I’m sorry.” Dean turns to face Cas, which is a mistake. His face is illuminated by that damn slit in the window. His icy blue eyes pierce right through Dean, full of sorrow. “It’s my fault, your nightmares. That's why I have to… I need to make it right.” Dean stares at him quizzically.
He scrambles to find a way to break the silence and take back what he's said, but it’s too late for that now. He hopes he didn’t hurt Dean too deeply. Cas searches for what he’s trying to say, what does he want Dean to know from this? The words fall out of Cas’s mouth faster than he has time to process what they are or what he’s saying. “What I mean is, I could use some help, with Jack, at least until I understand what I’m doing.”
Dean wakes, wrestling his blanket. Another nightmare. Dean leaps out of bed, tossing open his door. He marches into the dining room and grabs his jacket from the chair. He slings it on, throws on his shoes, and climbs the stairs. He grabs the keys from the hook, yanking open the bunker door, disappearing into the night.
? Our Cas?” Dean wants to deny it, take it back, play it off as some joke, but his expression says it all. It’s written all over his damn face and he knows he can’t hide it. “Holy Smokes.” She says. Dean lets out a nervous laugh.
“I don’t think all people who read the Bible think like that. Maybe a lot of them do, but I’m willing to bet a lot of them don’t.” Cas ponders for a moment before continuing. “I suppose when you hunt monsters for a living, or carry out heaven’s duties, you don’t really have to be nice. But I’m finding that kindness and compassion… human things, good things, are something I want to use a lot more often in what interactions I have with the human world.” He continues. “I find they make most interactions more… positive. More forgiving in areas of difference. I think respect and empathy can be our greatest weapons, and also our greatest aid to those around us.” Dean cocks his head at Cas.
“What’s with the puffer coat, Phil Daniel? Plan on fighting any bikers?” Dean asks, motioning to Cas’s blanket. Cas doesn’t understand what Dean is referencing, but he goes along with it anyway.
“Because the sun will warm up the pitcher, and that will heat up the water, so it soaks up the tea bags and gets all of the tea out of it to flavor the water.” Dean explains.
“Thanks, Charlie.” Dean says with a grateful smile. She turns to him, offering a slight nod, before holding out her hand for Jack. Jack runs up, taking it, and following her down the stairs. That nod seemed to convey that Charlie understood Dean was avoiding Cas. Was it that obvious? Did she hear the fight? Charlie’s room was way down in the other hall, but maybe she did. Dean wishes she didn’t. Maybe she didn’t, and she just read between the lines. That sounds about right. Whatever the case, Dean makes himself a sandwich, retreating back into his room.
“You were right, Cas, about everything.” Dean sniffs, rapidly wiping away the tears before they can claim paths down his cheeks. “You said that I was sending mixed signals, and that’s true. And that was wrong of me.” Cas raises his brows.
“Oh right. I said that uh… that one thing I read at school. That uh if you start counting from the time that you see the lightning until you hear the thunder, however many seconds you counted was how many miles away the storm was from you.” Dean says.
“But it’s true, Dean. You spent your whole life raising Sam. And there was that time with…” Cas debates bringing up Lisa and Ben, but decides he’s gone too far to turn back now. “With Ben.” Dean looks at Cas, his expression unreadable, something akin to concentration, almost. It’s silent for a moment.
!” Well at least this experiment was a success. Dean is about to close the tab when the fine print catches his eye. Under the bold answer, there's more, and soon it becomes clear why it said “57%” before the answer. Under it reads, “57% you are bisexual!” wait...
“Because, Dean,” Billie started, “Jack’s not ready to take on that responsibility yet. And the world isn’t ready for it either. We have a lot of changes to make, and frankly, we don’t have time for you to get with the program.” She gave Amara a knowing look. Amara grabbed Jack’s hands.
“Haha, I’m right there with you, Buddy.” Dean tells him. Cas shoots him a look from across the table, which Dean takes as a sign to hide in his mug. Cas turns to Jack.
“I was… curing your nightmares.” Cas admits, sheepishly. He takes a seat at the foot of Dean’s bed. Dean sits up.
“What are you thinking about?” Cas asks him. Dean raises his eyebrows, grabbing his drink from the coffee table. He smiles, “we got two brothers, one soon-to-be ex-angel, and a magical nephilim toddler none of them know how to raise.” He chuckles, “It feels like a twisted version of full house, with a little bit of three men and a baby sprinkled in.” Cas tilts his head in confusion, and Dean waves it off.
“I already told you I’m not working directly with NASA,” She turns to Cas. “It’s for a company that does private contracting with NASA.” She explains. Cas offers a reassuring smile.
“Oh.” Jack replied, “Don’t cry!” He tried to wipe away Dean’s tears with his hands. “There. All better.” Dean nodded. “Good. No more cry.” Jack instructed him. Dean allowed a light laugh to escape him.
“Hey do you remember that one time there was a huge storm by that hotel we stayed at in Greenville, Ohio? And I got so scared, I hid in that rickety old closet?” Sam laughs.
“Nothing, we’re very busy right now, and this is lower on our list of priorities.” Billie explains, “But it’s still important, so you better show up.”
Three Blackbirds and one drawn-out story from Cas later, it’s almost nine thirty. Dean regrets giving that kid any tea. He crashes into his own bed, exhausted from acting out fight scenes with Cas. They had to be pirates. Cas follows, perching himself at the foot of the bed.
Dean finishes his burger and fries in the impala. What he wants more than anything is for his brain to stop thinking about it. He needs to get back to the bunker, take a nap, and forget all about it. He pulls in front of the bunker, grabs the keys, and locks up Baby. He makes a note of hoping that no one will have noticed he left or is returning. Those hopes are immediately dashed when he opens the door and sees Charlie sitting at the table, typing away on her laptop. She looks up at him.
“Well… yeah. Good! And you know what? The first thing I’m doing is fixing this damn yard for him. I'm talking ripping up this rotting patio porch and building a nice deck, maybe a playground back there, and a tire swing on that tree. I mean, every kid deserves a tire swing in their backyard, it’s like the suburban code-” Cas chuckles, patting Dean’s shoulder.
“My nightmares aren't your problem. It comes with the job. And they certainly aren’t worth keeping you up for. I’m heading to bed. Goodnight, Cas.”
“Liar. You do too need sleep, your grace is still fading. And you don’t need to lose it on my account. It makes me feel… I dunno. Bad.” Dean watches a smirk crawl across Cas’s face.
. That’s the emotion he feels imagining how John would talk to Charlie… or Claire. Dean stares at the question on his screen, frustrated. There are many things about John that Dean would have worshipped him for. But this? Bullshit. Why the hell should Dean think of an answer that would appease John, knowing how he would treat the people closest to him? Dean makes his decision. He presses “A.” It’s the truth, after all. What’s his dad going to do? Tell an angel to smite him? The next question loads on the screen.
“Heck yeah.” Jack may not be able to read or write, but he can recognize Queen just by the sound of bohemian rhapsody. Dean counts that as a parenting success. The sun is starting to set, so Dean pulls out his sunglasses, bobbing along to the song. He turns it up, lip syncing along.
“No,” Dean stopped him, “no, I-” he dropped his head in his hands, rubbing his eyes that started to sting with tears once more. “I can’t. Not now,” Dean continued. Sam looked at his brother, he was almost heartbroken for him, but unsure how to help. “Not ye-” Dean was interrupted by the buzzing of his phone. He sighed, trying to get a hold on his emotions, before answering. He looked down at the caller I.D. Then he froze, as he saw it in small, glowing text:
“Because you’ll need to understand what’s happening with Jack.” Billie cut in. “As he grows, so will his power. He may be a child now, but he’s still the most powerful thing in creation. Even before these new rules, Jack felt things very deeply. He always has. Now, it’s going to be that much harder for him. He’ll live a full earthly life, but eventually, he will return to heaven and take his place as the new god.” Dean gritted his teeth. He didn’t like the idea of that poor kid taking on such a big responsibility.
“Sometimes, people see something they don’t understand, because it’s not the same as them. And so they are scared of it.” Dean explains. This seems to click to Jack.
“Sometimes, Jack, when I would have to eat a food I didn’t like, I would sprinkle some salt on there. That usually helps.” Dean offers.
“Dean, this isn’t just about that time with the empty, is it?” Sam asks. Dean folds his arms, leaning back in his chair. He doesn’t answer. He continues burning a hole with his eyes into that same stupid stain on the table. Sam sighs. “Just-” he pauses, collecting his thoughts, “well, you’re here now, right?” Again, no answer. “However you feel like you’ve failed Cas, you can make up for it now.”
“It’s the plant that monarch butterflies rely on as caterpillars. I saw a documentary on them a while ago. They’re an endangered species, so I’m hoping starting a milkweed garden will help them a little.” Dean smiles to himself. When he composes himself, he nods.
“That’s not how I see it.” Cas says. Dean doesn’t realize that Cas isn’t used to sleeping. Cas values these talks, he thinks they are a fine replacement for the time he used to spend watching over Dean, protecting him.
”Huh. That’s weird.” He tries not to let on how much the mention of Cas is affecting him. He’s opening the can of Spaghetti-Os, pouring it into a bowl for Jack. He throws it in the microwave, punching the two minute timer.
“Orcs.” Jack answers, staring at the tea with curiosity. “What’s that?” He asks, pointing to the pitcher.
“That I’ll mess it all up.” Sam understands now. Dean continues, “It’s all different now, it’s- it’s all changing. Jack’s a toddler, angels can sleep, we’re not hunting anymore, what am I supposed to do? There’s nothing else for me! Nothing. If I’m not out there doing what I’m supposed to do, I’ll just mess it all up.”
“Yeah.” He takes another sip of lukewarm coffee, before dumping it in the sink and heading to his room to get dressed.
“Right…” When Dean doesn’t offer further explanation, he continues. “Eileen and I found a case. Couple vamps in Oklahoma, shouldn’t take long.” Dean nods.
“I bet!” She says, letting out an encouraging chuckle. Dean feels a little better about this. He continues.
“What caused them?” Cas asks. Dean almost laughs at the question, as if the years of monster hunting, guilt, and grief weren’t enough. But Dean understands what Cas means. Why are they so much worse than the usual nightmares Dean’s always dealt with? What caused them to start so violently, so suddenly? Dean knows the answer, but isn’t sure that he’s ready to share it with Cas. To do that, he would have to tell Cas everything he now knows. Everything he learned about Cas, when he went to go see Billie and Amara just a few days before the nightmares started. Instead, Dean just shrugs.
“Uh… mostly just my name I think,” Cas starts, “with prayers… it's different than how it is when someone just speaks to you, you… pick up on things, like emotions. It's like you feel that person’s pain, or- or joy, or fear.” Cas explains. Dean sits silently, waiting for further explanation. “And… whatever you were dreaming about, whatever nightmare you were having… Dean, I felt it. The pain, the fear, the guilt. I felt it all. And I saw you struggling, and I just couldn’t leave you like that.”
to be human we just are. We just exist, that’s it. We- we try to make sense of it all, find some huge meaning for everything- some purpose, but the truth is, Cas, there isn’t one. In fact, I think you’re already part human.” Dean says, encouragingly.
“Then you still know more about yourself than you did before.” Charlie says, encouraging. He nods. She knocks him on the shoulder, as if she just had a revelation. “Holy crap, it’s June!” She says. “That means it’s pride month!”
“Well, that’s the thing. No, I don’t. I mean, it’s hard. Knowing what we know, what’s really out there. And knowing how to take care of it. Helping people. But I don’t know, now, with Billie and Amara’s plans for Jack, I guess that’s still helping people. ‘Saving humanity’ according to them. And if I screw up their plan, because I’m restless, I might rob Jack of the chance to fix things. To make it right, after Chuck. But it doesn’t feel like enough. I don’t want to stop hunting. But I don’t want to hunt. And I don’t want Jack to get hurt.” Cas sits a moment, after listening to Dean’s answer. He leans forward slightly, as if to stress the importance of his next words.
“Yeah. Do you remember what you told me to get me out of there? You turned it into a game.” Sam says.
“Oh yeah, typical, you always blame everything on Dad, well give the man a break! He did his best!” Dean exclaims.
“I had an accident.” He tells him. “It doesn’t hurt anymore, though. It’s healing. Jack nods, as if he understands. He grabs Dean’s other hand, and brings them together, as if he were praying. Jack sandwiches his hands over Dean’s. Dean furrows his brows at him, but before he can ask, he feels a warm sensation pooling in his hand. He looks down, afraid to bleed on the couch, but finds no blood. Instead he sees a faint glowing coming from Jack’s own hands. When it’s done, Dean pulls his hand away, peeling off the band-aid. The cut is gone. He turns his hands over to see his knuckles completely healed. He looks quizzically at Jack, who beams with pride.
” Dean almost laughs. There’s four answer boxes again, each with a name and a picture of the respective celebrity in the same box.
Cas rolls out of bed, more mentally exhausted than physically exhausted. He walks into the kitchen to find that Charlie has already poured Jack a bowl of cereal. She makes a comment, asking if he was okay, that he looked sick. He thanks her for helping Jack, and assures her he’s fine, even though it’s not true. Good thing Cas has such a bright ray of sunshine for a son, or he might have gone his whole day without feeling any joy.
.” Dean answers without answering. Charlie for sure noticed that he dodged the question, but she doesn’t seem to push it.
And with that, he folds the paper, and sticks it in his jacket pocket, which is hanging on the side of his nightstand. He closes his eyes, hoping this is the last thing he’ll ever have to do for Billie. After what she did, he can barely stand to be in her presence. But none of that matters now. All that matters is protecting his family.
“Yeah, you know, pride? Hang on.” She pulls out her phone, typing into it. She hands it to Dean, scrolling through the thousands of images on google of… people. And rainbows? It’s almost overwhelming, but in a good way. Dean’s eyes dance around the screen, following all the colors and joy. People… a lot of people, smiling, laughing, marching in groups with banisters and flags like you see during parades. “These are pride marches, people from all over the world celebrate them year round, but especially in June.”
Dean spends most of the day toiling in the Kansas heat. He managed to make a second trip to home depot after mistakenly getting the wrong size of pvc the first time. Now he continues sawing and gluing the pvc together around the yard. If he places the sprinkler heads right, there should be two covering the flowers and three covering the vegetable garden. He crafts it so that if Cas decides to add more plants, which Dean knows he most definitely will, that Dean can continue to add more pipe and sprinkler heads down the rest of the yard. But for now, this seems to be a fine outline. The sun is starting to set when Dean hops out of one of the trenches to look at the whole system. Perfect, Now he just needs to connect the hose, attach the sprinklers, bury the pipes, add the timer and boom! He sits at the table, and Sam huffs at him for being covered in dirt. Sam and Eileen have crafted some sort of cauliflower and zucchini pizza, which only tastes half as bad as it looks, to Dean’s surprise. Jack doesn’t give it a second glance.
“Yes I do! Look, Sam, maybe you can settle down and have the- the apple pie life. You always could, and you know what? I’m happy for you, No really, I am. It makes me so glad that you can separate yourself from this, but I can’t! Saving people, hunting things, it’s the family business!” Dean’s chair scrapes the floor as he stands, abruptly. Sam collapses back in his chair, as if he had an epiphany.
“You’ll wake Jack.” He says. Dean pushes off of Cas, passing him to shut the door, before whipping back around to glare at him.
“Nu-Uh. There’s something up.” Dean looks hard at her, before caving. She’s probably the most stubborn of them all.
“Ahhh yeah. I hear about how tricky that ‘stuff’ can be.” She smirks, taking a seat next to him. He lets out a small chuckle. “Anything I can help with?”
“I’m not sure yet.” Dean admits. Cas nods. What an interesting way of thinking. Dean continues, “one thing I know for sure? It’s gonna be hell.” This makes Cas laugh, loud.
This time, it didn’t take more than one blackbird to sing Jack to sleep. He really wore himself out at the park. Cas sits on the couch, pulling up another Star Wars movie.
“But we can discuss that later.” Billie said, in a commanding tone, “first, let’s talk business.” She approached Amara and Jack. “I assume you haven’t had time to explain any of this to them?” She asked.
Dean’s head feels heavy when he wakes. He feels stinging, and peers down at his knuckles, which have mostly scabbed over. He doesn’t treat them. He doesn’t even leave his room. He just spends the day withering away, regretting everything he’s done since the moment he got Cas back.
. I have a feeling about this, Cas, I’m serious. I think that if you really wanted to, you could make it work, you really could.” Dean takes another swig from his bottle to avoid rambling on and on. He continues when Cas doesn’t reply. “You’ll be a fine, parent, Cas, okay? If anyone should know, it’s me.” Cas nods his head in agreement.
“Well you know what? I’m going to bed. Because it’s just a stupid nightmare and I can sleep it off. But if you want to burn the midnight oil playing your stupid frickin games, be my guest.”
“Haha, look at you learning to be a responsible parent.” He laughs, ignoring the small feeling inside that screams in protest, reminding Dean that once Cas can parent Jack on his own, that’s exactly what he’ll do.
She purses her lips, but releases her child, who runs to the slide where Jack is. She doesn’t look away from Dean. Cas must have noticed something shift, because he looks to Dean, no longer focused on the phone.
“Mmm.” Is all Cas can manage. Dean chuckles. Who would’ve thought he wouldn’t be a morning person? With all that angelic grace, you’d think he would be full of energy. He hears Cas starting the coffee pot.
“Ohhhh.” Jack returns with his cup. Dean adds sugar to the pitcher, and then drains the rest of the water in his own mug. Cas does the same. Jack is the first to try the tea.
. And he adores you!” Dean pauses to let Cas take it all in, “And maybe that won’t be enough, sometimes, but that’s okay. Because if that much is true, everything else will fall into place. Some people… no matter how much they love you, they just can’t… make it work. But you’re not like that, okay, I can
” When he finally arrives, his foot catches something and he barrels forward, as the trees and brush all grow, towering over him, surrounding him in a pit of darkness and despair.  He doesn’t stop falling until his head jerks up. He reaches out for nothing, unbalanced, and hits the hardwood floor with a
is she brought Jack into it.” Dean returns. “Like she had the right. People are such assholes.” Dean mutters.
“Shhhhh. I’m sleeping.” Dean says, mimicking Jack’s earlier quote from that afternoon. Cas chuckles.
“Well, both Amara and Billie are gods.” Sam explained. Jack reached out, tugging at Sam’s hair curiously, as he stood next to Cas.
“Boom. Right there, that’s what I’m talking about.” Dean explains, “I believe that's what the humans call compassion.” Dean jokes.
“Dean, I know you. Sometimes… I don’t know, you just like to keep things to yourself. And you do that until it tears you apart, but this…” she pauses, finding the right words. “Just… I want you to know you’re not alone. No matter what happens.” He purses his lips. Charlie really is the sister he never knew he needed.
His thoughts are interrupted, his attention ripped to a squealing toddler, who is one hundred perfect fine, though covered in dog slobber. Dean would be proud to himself Jack’s father.
“DAMN IT!” He screams. “DAMN IT! DAMN IT! DAMN IT!” He starts punching with his other hand, until he can’t anymore. He slumps down, burying his head in his bloodied hands. He needs out of these woods. They remind him too much of Cas. He looks to the sky, even the damn stars remind him of Cas. He sees him everywhere. He can’t escape. He fights the tears. Those stupid angry tears, that burn against his frost bitten cheeks, despite it being June. Despite him fighting them with all that he has left. Dean gets back into the impala, starting it. He races down the road, blasting the classic rock station as loud as he can stand it. Hoping to drown out all the emotions that are flooding to the surface. He wants to scream, and break things and drink until it all disappears. He wants to dig a hole into the earth, and throw himself down it, burying himself and all of his problems never to be disturbed again. Instead, he drives back to the bunker, too exhausted to even battle it all. He was only gone an hour. It’s 2:39 AM. He opens the door, and slumps back down the stairs, and down the hall to his room. He shuts the door, collapsing onto his bed, not even shrugging out of his jacket or taking off his shoes. Wishing, begging for sleep to take it all away. But it doesn’t. Instead, he lay awake, wondering what Cas is thinking, or if he’s even awake at all.
“Yeah, no problem.” He says. “Now when can we dig into this delicious stew?!” He asks. Charlie opens the pot, stirring it.
“Dude. You conked out halfway through the last one. We don’t have to watch the next one if you’re already tired.”
“Good.” Sam sits. “You know, in some messed up way, this is kind of like retirement.” This makes Dean chuckle. “Maybe, now you can paint yourself a picture.”
“Yeah. I’m kinda hoping he forgets about it until he remembers everything. But I suppose he should know where some people get their beliefs.” Cas explains.
“I’m fine, Cas.” He says it harsh enough that Cas doesn’t follow him, and Dean feels a little guilty. It wasn’t Cas’s fault that Dean is having a damn midlife crisis. Still, he’d rather deal with more awkward confrontations in the future than Cas poking at this right now. Dean grabs his tools from under the stairs near the yard. He slides open the door and starts working. The trenches are all dug, and the flowers are all planted. Now Dean just needs to measure the water pressure, attach the spicket to a hose, attach the hose to the pvc, add the sprinklers, and then set them to a timer. He got a solar powered one for efficiency, knowing that having to change the batteries out would be a pain in the ass. He grabs the weird tool he got with the sprinklers that measures the water pressure and attaches it to the spicket. He turns it on, and water sprays all over the place.
“I suppose I should rest a little, but I’m still not leaving until you let me use my grace to help you.”
. Anger seethed it’s way through Dean, as he chucked his phone across the room, shattering it on the wall. Sam, bewildered by the violent actions of his brother, shot Dean an exaggerated look.
that.” Dean says, “but it doesn’t help solve anything. I failed Cas. After all those times he pulled through for us, after everything he sacrificed, I still…Nothing can change that.” Dean glares at the table, as if staring at the same stain on the wood will somehow fix it. Sam leans back in his chair, almost frustrated. He grabs the bridge of his nose, pressing his fingers together, like mothers do when arguing with a toddler. Dean can feel the annoyance climbing in Sam’s voice. Dean wonders that maybe he’ll realize this is a stupid conversation they’re having, and go back to bed and just leave it all alone.
He presses the gas pedal into the floor of Baby, careening down the highway. He needs to get out of here. Do something, anything to get it out. He pulls off some shady road near the woods. He rips the key out of the ignition, throwing his door open. He storms into the woods, and when he’s far enough in, he grabs the first branch he finds on the floor, ramming it against a tree. He cracks it against the tree like a baseball bat until it splits open, wooden splinters shooting out from the spot where it hit the tree. He grabs another branch and does the same. Eventually, he finds tree branches aren’t enough, and turns the trunk of that tree into a punching bag, slamming his fist into it over and over again until his knuckles bleed. And even then, he throws a few more punches until he’s too exhausted to continue.
“Charlie… did you ever, I dunno… did you ever kiss any boys?” And the second the question leaves his mouth Dean regrets it. He wishes he could grab it right out of the air and shove it back down his throat. But he can’t. Instead, he just sits there and lets the complete stupidity of what he has done wash over him. Charlie doesn’t think too long before answering.
“It’s the same as all the other pillows on this damn bed, now give it back!” Dean hisses, reaching for it. Cas swipes it away from him.
“But it’s not something to be scared of, Jack. Because it’s good, it’s not a bad thing. And Cas and I are gonna make sure nothing ever hurts you. Okay?” Jack nods.
“I don’t understand-” Cas said. “Where’s Jack?” He repeated. Dean pointed at the little tyke in Sam’s arms. Cas raised his brow.
. Maybe it really truly did mean nothing. Maybe Dean is just so touch starved that he’s willing to take it out on Cas, his
“Dean, your nightmares… what are they about?” Dean doesn’t answer right away. He doesn’t want to answer at all, and he would ignore Cas completely, except he knows that Castiel is the most stubborn being he knows, and his silence would only beg for Cas to repeat himself. Dean rubs his thumb over the sticker on his beer bottle, refusing to lift his eyes from the label.
“Truth is, it’s all… slowing down. Ya know? I’m figuring things out right now, I haven’t been on a case in nearly a month. And I’m not sure I want to, with Jack being as young as he is…”
“Shhhh!” Dean exclaims, unable to hold back his own laugh, either. When the laughter dies down, Dean sighs. He stares at the coffee table, kind of zoned out, realizing what he’s just agreed to.
“Can I play on the slide?” Jack asks him. Dean nods, following him down the stairs to the yard. Dean decides to dig further down the fence line, making room to water the milkweed Cas wants to add. Good thing he had extra pvc leftover. While the adhesive dries on the new extension, Dean attempts to screw one of the sprinkler heads into the pipe nearest the lavender. It catches, and his hand slips, a corner of the plastic slicing into his palm.
“So… how are things? You know… how do you feel?” She asks. He stares into his coffee mug. He had been trying to avoid thinking about their earlier conversation, which hadn’t been working, of course.
“No? Dude, be serious. Cas knows you. Maybe he just thinks you deserve to be just as happy.” Dean chuckles.
No. Dean won’t lie to himself, that was the promise he made Sam about finding what he wants. Dean must be 100% honest with himself.
Dean waits until he hears everyone upstairs to leave his room again. Nothing will happen between Cas and Dean when everyone’s there. So, Dean decides to make an appearance to convince them all that there’s nothing out of the normal that’s bugging him. It seems to work. Sam offers that Dean join them for the fireworks, and Dean repeats his earlier excuse of working in the yard, tacking on the extra fact that someone should stay and watch Jack. They all leave shortly after, leaving Dean and Jack alone in the house.
“To stop listening to that voice in your head that tells you you can’t be happy. That you don’t deserve to be happy. Because we both know that’s not the truth. That voice? It’s Dad. It’s him, telling you that you fail at everything, and you’re only good for breaking things. It’s a lie, all of it. Just stop giving into it. That’s all I want, that’s all Cas wants, that’s all any of us want. Once you do that, maybe, just maybe, you’ll let it all go. Then you can actually start to
“Can you make tea out of lavener?” Jack asks, pointing to the purple flowers in the yard. Dean nods.
“I don’t like it.” Jack says, stubborn as a mule. Dean has to hide his smirk with a bite of pizza. He knows pointing out the uncanny similarity between the two would land him a glare from Cas.
“Alright, kiddo.” Dean lifts him up so he can sit on the counter. “We’re gonna make the best sun tea in the whole world!” Jack squeals. “First, we take the tea bags and put them in the water.” Dean explains, dropping one of the bags in and setting the string on the side. He hands Jack the other tea bag, and Jack drops the string in too.
This movie ends without incident. Cas did fall asleep again, but not until the last twenty minutes. He fought it for a while, it was actually a little amusing to Dean. Seeing Cas curled up hugging a pillow, eyes glued to the screen, forced open out of pure stubbornness. Dean slinks under his covers.
“Oh yeah! That sounds like fun, what do you think, Jack? Should we go to the park tomorrow?” Jack claps his hands.
“Actually, not really. I mean, some people find out sooner than others, others find out later. Some people might not even find out until they’re 80 or 90 years old.” Charlie explains.
“Alright,” Billie started, “listen up, boys, because I’m only gonna explain this all once.” Dean scrambled up.
“Yes.” Cas answers. “I was trying not to wake you up, I usually fly here, but today I forgot, and the door-” Dean cuts off Cas’s explanation.
“And that’s this month?” He asks. He didn’t read about that in the book. Charlie nods, taking her phone back from him. “Wow. That’s… cool.” He lets a small smirk crawl across his face.
“I’m sorry if I… crossed a line somewhere. But Dean, it’s hard to know where the line is. I thought you-” he stops himself. “Never mind. It’s not important.” Cas rises, ducking out of the room.
Jack snapped his fingers. The ambient noise of people populating the planet once more brought a wave of relief to Sam and Dean. Jack brought everyone back! He then transported them into an unpopulated area… some woods in Kansas.
“But Jack, you have to wait for it to get dark outside first.” He pauses, dramatically. “Unless… you what to take a nap?” Jack springs out of bed.
“Shhhhh” Jack says, eyes still shut. “I’m sleeping.” He whispers. Dean has to turn around to stifle his laughter.
“You don’t understand Sammy, I just stood there and let it kill him. I just let it take him away after-” again, Dean finds himself unable to finish his thought.
Dean rubs his face, knowing it won’t do much for the brainworms swirling around in his head. He needs a beer. And a burger.
“Yeah, you know what? No, I’m not doing this with you. Not today. I’m not gonna sit here and play pretend, and let you weasel your way out of dealing with things with your stupid sarcastic banter. Because you always do this, and I’m sick of it. For so many years, I idolized you. Because you were the best brother ever. And you know what? I was right. You are the best brother. But you know what else? You suck. You also suck so bad, Dean, because you always do this. You always push me away, push Bobby away, push
“So you think to other people it looks like you and Cas are not just friends?” Charlie says. “And that feels weird?”
“Because I know I’m new to human emotions, but I thought… I thought sometimes you would say something, or do something. And I thought, maybe you wanted something more. I thought you meant it.” Dean’s face falls.
If Dean is truly honest with himself, he felt… elated but also calm, and… normal. Not normal in a sense of life-outside-of-hunting normal, but more… natural. Like he was
“Gah! Son of a bitch!” He stands, headed toward the door. He slides it open, trying not to drip blood as he heads up the stairs. He hears Jack following behind him.
homophobic. Dean feels something… anger? Something twisting inside him. He thinks of how his father would react seeing gay people as out and open as they are nowadays, how he would react knowing Dean supports these people.
“I will.” Cas sits at the foot of Dean’s bed, staring him down, arms still crossed. Dean let’s put a huff as he rolls over to ignore him. It does little to relieve his senses, as he can feel Cas’s eyes burning into the back of his skull.
“You’re a great salesman.” He teases. “I know, Dean. but- it’s like something I told Jack a while ago, humans burn bright, but only for a brief amount of time, compared to things like us.” Cas laughs at himself, as he remembers that conversation. “You know, Jack was upset about that, but I think he had a point. I see that now. Then, I just told him that we were supposed to let humans, even the ones we love, die, and move on without them.” Cas returns his gaze to the world in front of him. “But after everything, I don’t think I even could, Dean. I don’t want to be an infinite being that only experiences-” He stops himself. “I don’t want to be here after you’re gone. I don’t want to do the same thing I’ve been doing since the dawn of time. I want to live. I want to have a life on earth. Almost- almost like a human life.” He pauses. “You know, ever since I first disobeyed, I’ve been haunted with this idea, maybe it’s possible I was never cut out for carrying out heaven’s duties. Maybe I was never any good at being an angel. Maybe I’ve always been so drawn to earth, to people, because I was supposed to be…” When Cas doesn’t finish, Dean finishes for him.
“Fine.” Dean collects both of their cards and stacks them neatly in a pile. When he doesn’t elaborate, Sam rolls his eyes. Looks like he’s really going to have to twist Dean’s arm about this. He asks Dean another question.
“Maybe you should play there last,” Dean says. Jack nods, now wanting to swing on the swing. The baby swing looks like a car seat attached to chains.
“Though, it was entertaining watching her reaction when you grabbed my hand.” Dean takes that victory.
“I don’t know, Dean. I thought… I thought maybe…” he stops himself. “It doesn’t matter.” He turns to leave, but stops. “I just, I need to know something.” He looks Dean in the eye.
“I made it yester… yesterday!” He says. Dean feels a pang of regret. He should have been there to tuck him in last night.
“Well- because, you can do that now.” Dean chuckles, “You, if anyone, deserve to have rest, and now that you’re actually able to do that, here you are, sitting with me at 1:30 AM, talking about why
“The storm.” Sam says. Dean nods. Sam’s always hated thunderstorms. Dean remembers all the nights he would spend trying to calm Sam down. He always promised that the lightning would never hit them. When Sam would ask how he knew, Dean would answer that he wouldn’t let it. Sam would always point out that Dean couldn’t control the weather, and Dean would say it didn’t matter, because he knew if anything was going to kill them, it wouldn’t be lighting. Not after everything they lived through. The game continues, Sam throws down the queen of spades. Dean grunts, frustrated. Sam somehow
Dean hears the door open and shut, and voices trailing down the stairs. Sam and Eileen are back. It only takes a few minutes before Sam barges in his room to enlighten Dean on the details of his and Eileen’s hunt. Dean asks the routine questions, did they get all the vamps, was anyone hurt, did they find anything new. Sam replies stating Eileen earned a small gash on her eyebrow and a black eye when things got dicey and a vamp threw a rock, but other than that, they escaped unscathed. Dean nods, and it isn’t long before Sam asks how it was at the bunker. Dean gives him a general run down, they took miracle and Jack to the park, Charlie had a job interview that they should hear about in another day or so. Sam notices the scabs on Dean’s knuckles and asks what happened. Dean lies, saying he scraped it on the concrete of the patio catching a ball Jack threw. Sam doesn’t seem to buy it, but doesn’t question Dean on it further. Dean must reek of turmoil, because Sam doesn’t leave long after that. No one disturbs him for the rest of the day
“But I wasn’t there for him, Sam! I wasn’t there when he needed me. After everything, everything he’s done, everything he’s- he’s sacrificed! Think about it, the guy has been through hell, he’s been tortured and killed and he doesn’t ask for much in return. He doesn’t. And he just- he needed me to be there, to understand him, to
“I don’t… I don’t know what this means, I don’t know what any of it means. What if I’m… what if I’m different?” Charlie pulls away, smiling.
“No, Sam. We can talk, okay? We talk all the time. But you know that there’s a line. There’s a line that we never cross. Things we never talk about.” Dean says, drawing an invisible line on the table with his finger.
“Good.” Cas then uses his grace as he has this whole week, to bring peace to Dean. “Now, do you feel it?” Dean sits back up, and turns to face Cas. He slowly nods his head up and down.
“Anytime we talk, it just turns into him asking me a dozen questions, and me dumping all of my problems on him. Nothing’s changed. Here I am, still dragging Cas into all of my crap. And he just sits there and takes it. It’s not right.” Dean admits to Sam. Sam chuckles.
“Five more sleeps, Jack.” Cas answers. Jack shoves the rest of his sandwich into his mouth. Dean hates that. He knows Jack learned it from him, but it makes him nervous. He’s scared Jack may choke on something. It’s not completely irrational, toddlers choke on things all the time, that’s why toys come with that label that says “choking hazard”. When Jack finishes chewing and takes a sip of his juice, Dean smiles at him, trying not to let the relief show on his face.
“Cool.” Sam offers one last curious look at the door, before moving down the hall. Dean lets out a sigh. He doesn’t dare peek into the room to see if Cas is awake. Instead, he beelines it to the coffee machine.
After dinner and a shower, Dean heads straight down the hall. He didn’t talk to Cas at all because he knows he messed up. But now, he stands outside Cas’s door, terrified to make it right. He swallows his fear, and knocks lightly on the door. It swings open almost immediately, and Dean watches Cas’s face freeze at the sight of him. Dean’s throat goes dry.
“Well, you said that you weren’t listening to him before. Maybe try listening to him, now.” This makes Dean chuckle.
“Huh. Good question, Jack. I don’t know. I just used the sweet tea box. It didn’t say.” Jack nods. Dean returns his attention to the pitcher on the patio table. “Alright. Now we just leave the tea here for the rest of the day, and it should be ready by dinner time. After we add the sugar, of course.” Jack claps.
“Damn it, Dean. Your nightmares are getting worse, and my grace is fine. I can use it to help you. Why won’t you let me?”
“I suppose it does sound a little strange.” Cas offers, “but, I’m sure other people do it, they just don’t know.” Dean looks beyond confused.
“I asked if she wanted to come and she said she’d sit this one out, unless we needed the backup, but I think we’ll be fine.” Sam answers.
“That was a mistake, Cas! That’s it! it was never supposed to happen. I was tired, and… and a wreck, I wasn’t thinking. It was just a mistake. Nothing more.”
“I’ll give you two,” she replied, “one, you can’t kill me. And two, if you do, this will all be for nothing, and the world would be thrown out of balance.”
“Yes, like my leg.” Dean says. “But Jack, sometimes it’s better that you don’t… fix it.” He says. “Like what you did just now? That’s special, Jack, very special. No one else can do that, well, Cas can, but other people can’t. It’s like…” he tries to find a way to explain this to a toddler. Jack stares at Dean attentively, which is rare for his attention span. Dean’s eye catches the small hulk action figure on the couch. “Like the avengers!” He exclaims. “You know how Spider-Man has superpowers?” Jack nods, excitedly. “Well, it’s like that. You have superpowers just like Spider-Man. But you know how Spider-Man has to keep it a secret?” Jack’s brows furrow in concentration.
“That’s okay, it won’t do anything to the tea.” Dean explains. They take turns dropping in about six tea bags. “Okay, now, we set it outside in the sun.” Dean says, setting Jack back down on the floor. Jack follows him as he carries the tea down to the yard, setting it on the patio table. He drags the table out from under the patio so the sun can hit it.
“No wait! I come! I come get ice cream!” He insists. He runs up, grabbing Cas’s hand. Cas turns to Dean, his voice barely above a whisper.
But that’s not what throws Cas off the most… it’s what he’s saying- shouting, actually. Mostly, he’s shouting Cas’s name. But there’s something in the way he says it… pain, or desperation, or… or fear. Maybe both. This alarms Cas, who jumps out of his bed, and wanders down the hall to Dean’s room. He stands outside for a moment, debating. Maybe Cas made it up, or dreamt it. But then he hears it again, Dean crying out to him. He opens the door, ready to fight whatever monster or being is attacking him, only to find there is none. Only Dean, writhing around, as if he were a wounded animal, fast asleep. He’s having a nightmare. He cries out, aloud this time, as well as in prayer.
When Dean finally retires the book back to its place, it doesn’t feel like a weight off of him at all. He leaves the library with more questions than he started with. All he has to show for his little trip is just how much more confused and exhausted he feels. That book was overwhelming, even just skimming it had given Dean a headache. Sure he half-understands the meanings of a few more words than he did before, but any question about himself he got the answer to seemed to just split off into another plethora of unanswered questions. He wishes he could be, as Cas once said, “indifferent to sexual orientation”.
“So we need a secret code word for when I don’t want you to use your superpowers to keep you safe.” Dean says. He thinks for a moment. “How about ‘Bub’?” He looks at Jack, who nods, though not understanding. “If you ever hear me call you ‘Bub’, that’s the code word to not use your powers.” Jack nods.
“That’s all you need to know for now.” Amara chimed in. “You should leave now.” Dean nodded, heading back to the Impala so he wouldn’t do something he’d regret. He sat in the front seat, while Jack sat in Sam’s lap in shotgun.
“Hello, Dean.” Finally, the dog the angel had on the leash broke free of his grip, and darted down the stairs to Sam.
something bothering you, okay? I can tell. So just…” He takes in a breath. “Tell me what it is.” Dean stares hard at Sam for a few seconds. Finally, he gives in.
“It shouldn’t have been on us! That was Dad’s job. Not yours. Dad was the one who was supposed to protect us. And if he had done the job right, he would never have exposed us to the life, never!” Sam argues.
“I don’t know.” Dean answers. He’s telling the truth. He really doesn’t know what he wants. All Dean is certain of, is that he’ll do anything to protect what he already has. Cas does his confused head tilt, squinting at Dean, as if Dean hasn't fully answered his question.
. Eleven years. Eleven years they’ve known each other, you’d think if they even wanted each other, Dean would have felt something even then- something would have happened- right? Well this is the first time something’s ever happened on Dean’s end… aside from the occasional glance down at Cas’s lips during conversation, of course. But that’s not really anything. But coupled with a few moments of accidental touch, where Dean feels his nerves skyrocket, and wandering thoughts after seeing the profile of Cas’s face in a certain light…
“Whatever.” Dean replies. Cas hits his head on the bed frame trying to get under the blanket, sending a loud
“Just let me finish.” Dean sits on the edge of Cas’s bed. “Recently, I’ve been working through a lot of heavy crap. And I’m sorry that I’ve been taking it out on you. You didn’t deserve that, it’s not fair.” Cas crosses his arms, leaning against his dresser. Dean takes in a breath. “I think…” he feels his blood run cold. “I think I might be… bisexual.” His guts twists on itself. He doesn’t dare lift his eyes from where they are currently fixed on the carpet. Dean feels the mattress shift as Cas sits next to him. It startles him, he whips to face Cas, who no longer seems closed off or annoyed. Dean continues, filling the silence with more rambling. He returns his gaze to the floor. “And it was… hard for me to accept it- it still is, really. But that’s no excuse, I shouldn’t have… well I shouldn’t have done half of the things I’ve done, or said half of the things I said, really.” He meets Cas’s eyes again. “I hurt you. I realize that. And I know there’s no way to make up for it. And I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Cas.” He feels tears sting his eyes, so he takes a deep breath, rising. “Anyway,” he clears his throat. “I just… you needed to know, you deserved to know that you’re not crazy, and none of this is your fault, it’s on me. It’s all on me, Cas. And I promise to try my best to fully communicate how I feel, from now on.” Dean heads for the door.
“Because-” Dean stops himself, tears threatening to trickle down his face. When did the tears start? He composes himself. “Because.” Sam, feeling horrible, traps Dean in a hug.
“How? How did you fail him, Dean? He’s here, and he’s safe, and he’s not in the empty. Seems like he’s doing just fine to me. He sacrificed himself, right? That’s not your fault.” Sam says.
He moves more dirt. He knows it’s a lie. He’s always known. It’s always stuck with him in the back of his mind.
“Look what I drew!” He says, pointing at another colorful page on the fridge. It’s covered top to bottom with rainbows. This time, they have small blue scribbles on the sides for clouds.
His nightmare doesn't return. It’s still dark in his room when Dean wakes, but his watch reads 9:17 AM. He turns, expecting to see the spot near his feet empty, but is surprised to see Cas is still there, completely out. Dean rises, and opens the door slowly. He turns toward the handle, trying not to make any noise closing it behind him. He jumps, when a voice starts behind him.
“Just wait and see.” He goes down to help Jack carry up the pitcher, grabbing a rag on the way down. When they return, Dean sets it on the table, the rag covering it, so Cas can’t see it.
Dean’s grip tightens on his shovel, the next words landing almost as hard as they did when he first heard them.
“No. I don’t hate Dad. I’m just saying he wasn’t a good father.” Sam explains. Dean tightens his hand into a fist, grabbing Sam’s shirt, ready to pummel the crap out of him for what he just said.
“Really? I don’t think so.” He inspects it thoughtfully. “No, this one is definitely different. It’s squishy.”
“What are you doing here? It's- Cas, it’s 12:54!” Dean asks, bewildered. Cas sighs, it's probably best he comes clean.
“No, you’re not,” Dean says, nudging his shoulder, “seriously, what’s bothering you?” He asks, genuinely concerned for Cas. Cas lets out a big sigh, not looking away from the distance.
“Yeah imagine that. Trying to explain to Jack the Bible when his memories of it haven’t come back yet.” Cas raises his brows.
“Okay. Okay.” Dean says, taking his seat once more. He feels like a child for losing it like that. But Sam is right. He hates to admit it, but he is.
“That’s okay, you guys are just gonna have to eat enough ice cream for all of us!” She says. Jack claps his hands.
“Good idea, Jack! Why don’t you sing Blackbird, Dean?” Dean sends Cas a glare, before reluctantly grabbing his guitar from the corner of Jack’s room. It’s impossible to say no to the kid, Dean’s tried before. No dice. He tries not to focus on Cas’s eyes, as they burn into Dean. He sits at the foot of Jack’s bed, plucking the strings. He almost wishes he’d never picked up the guitar from the garage sale in the next town over, but it was the only instrument Dean ever learned, and it was a beautiful cream-colored acoustic. He remembers sitting on the couch at Sonny’s boy home. He plucked the strings on that guitar, knowing it wouldn’t matter anyway. Sam was still in middle school, and John would only take him away two months later. But Dean found he actually enjoyed playing the guitar, and would spend a lot of his free time on that couch, exploring different sounds. In those two months, he learned two songs, and one of them was blackbird. The other was smoke on the water by Deep Purple. Neither were exactly his favorite songs, but Dean was just happy that he got to learn anything outside of hunting, even if he didn’t admit it. It was short-lived, but now Dean can play that song every night for Jack. Even if Cas is standing there watching him sing, too.
“Damn it, Dean.” Cas says, under his breath. Dean can feel him sliding back down so his head is level with the pillow. “I chose this.” Cas tells him, voice low and soft. “And I’d rather use my grace to help the people I care about than to watch it fade idly away for the next fifty years.”
“Hey.” Dean stalks over to the coffee machine, pressing the buttons. “Cas and I are gonna take Jack to the park today, if you want to come.”
“But, you want me to tell you what it is I want. And the truth is, I don’t know. I don’t know yet. These last few months, getting you back, helping with Jack, it’s been… confusing. And I lead you on because… I couldn't come to terms with my own… stuff. And it wasn’t right, it was awful of me, because I was using you to figure out my own crap, which makes me a terrible friend-”
“This is Noah. We’re gonna go play at the park designed for older kids.” She says. She seems to back down a little, though her eyes are still beady and unforgiving. “Come on, Noah.” Dean offers a small nod, and they retreat down the path. Cas rips his hand from Dean. This doesn’t shock Dean as much as it dismays him, for whatever reason.
“Yeah.” He sucks in a breath. “And… someone did mistake us- Cas and I, for a couple... a while ago” Dean admits.
“Okay.” It’s silent for a while, but not an awkward silence. More of a coexisting-in-a-peaceful-quiet type of silence. A silence that is only broken by the occasional tap from Dean setting his bottle back on the wooden table after taking a swig. Soon the silence is broken by the ambient drizzle of april showers that have started outside the kitchen window. They stay like this for nearly an hour. Thinking silently to themselves, sharing the same space. Alone, but together. The rumbling thunder outside is not loud enough to catch either of their attention. Cas waits patiently for Dean to share anything he feels like he should. Dean sits, thinking. Letting his thoughts drift down the endless bunny trails that call to his attention. Finally, Dean allows himself to open up to Cas, at least a little bit. Cas only asks these questions out of concern, anyway. And after everything he and Cas have been through, Cas is owed a little bit of truth. Cas constantly puts himself on the line for Dean, and everytime he reaches out, Dean pushes him away. Every time. That can’t be fair. A little transparency isn’t too much to ask. And Dean knows Cas would always be willing to give more for him.
“Well, the angels that choose to stay will have to adapt to human life. But it won’t be so… difficult this time. No, we’re breaking one of Chuck’s rules.” Amara stated, “Angels will be able to experience human things. Emotions, free will, entertainment, art, culture, sustenance, sleep, all of it.” Amara continued. “As for those who choose to stay in heaven, they will still experience those things while saving their grace for heavenly duties.”
you want?” Cas asks. Damn it. This is exactly the kind of question Dean was hoping to avoid. Because in all honesty, that’s what’s causing him the most brainworms. It’s all he’s been able to think about since the war against Chuck ended. Now he has time and space to explore what he wants. Something Dean was never able to indulge in in the past. Now, he’s left pondering what matters to him and what he wants his future to be, at 1:28 AM, with a beer in hand, and a nosy, albeit caring angel at his side. That’s one thing Dean has always found remarkable about Cas. Maybe it’s his grounded sense of genuity, or maybe it’s his desire to always do what’s right, but something about Cas really highlights his sense of compassion. to Dean, at least.
“Yeah exactly, and then we’d try to predict whether it was getting closer or farther away.” Sam adds.
“I’ll explain once your brother controls himself and stops acting like a child who got his toy taken away.” It took everything for Dean not to spit at her. “Before you killed me, Dean, I saw one last possibility for us to defeat Chuck.” She began, “and that was for Jack to defeat him, take his powers, and then give them to Amara.”
“Then nope.” Dean reaches over, shutting off his lamp. Cas crawls in next to him, and Dean tries not to be overly conscious of how far apart they are.
“... ya know, Cas, if you wanted to go back- to heaven, I mean, we wouldn’t blame you. Sam and I can take care of Jack, and you can visit for the big things… birthdays and stuff. And-”
. Then he feels it. Dean’s stomach drops at the realization. Cas has wrapped his arms around Dean again, securing him in a warm hug. For a split second, Dean ponders staying that way. Then, common sense kicks in, wrecking any possible peace Dean had with the idea. He launches himself out of bed.
“I slept fine. The whole night... I was never awake.” Cas says, his voice rougher than usual. This gets a confused look from Dean, who blinks as if he heard Cas wrong. But Dean shrugs it off, likely adding it to the long list of Cas’s attempt to abide by a social cue he doesn’t understand.
“That.” Sam says, pointing at Dean. “That right there. That’s Dad talking. Dad could never make it work. Dad was a coward. Dad was the one who messed things up, Dean. Not you. You aren’t him. You’re better. And you know what? Dad couldn’t handle it, either. He didn’t even try. These past three years, you’ve been helping Cas with Jack and hunting, and yeah, maybe you weren’t perfect, but Dean, who is? You are not Dad, Dean. You’re better than him. That’s why we’re not giving up on you. That’s why you have a chance.” There’s a small pause before Sam finishes, “So take it, Dean.” Dean tries wiping away the tears, but they’re coming faster and faster. He hates it when this happens. He can’t tell whether he’s crying from fear or from relief. Maybe both. He doesn’t care.
