"No, they only killed all my men whom I was riding with and then grabbed Sam out of the bushes where he was hiding, no big deal." He shrugs and I raise my eyebrows.
"Well lads, duty calls." I say to the other demons and they chuckle slightly and bow when I stand up to leave the room. I walk back with Castiel who doesn't say a word to me as we walk. "Are you okay?"
“Alright, I’ll go.” I say, nodding my head and Gabriel’s face breaks out into a huge smile as he hugs me.
“Maybe he would want to see you. You never know.” Gabriel shrugs, smiling slightly. “Well, whether you want to or not I’m going to bring him here. So you better shave up.” He winks at me as he walks out of my study, thinking back on the times me and Dean used to be together… oh how long ago the seemed, when everything was almost so simple. I had a wife, I was king, all I needed to do was pretend to be a slave. No big deal at all.
“Respect the women.” Father shouted before striding out of the room and towards the direction of where is aw angels getting dragged down the stairs. I sighed and rested my cheek on my hand. Stupid father and his silly rules. I didn’t want a wife, I didn’t want children and I didn’t want a stupid ball. Why couldn’t he just coronate me and get it over and done with. I didn’t want to marry someone I barely knew!
I had thought about her every day since she died. Half of my heart gone forever, and the other half was still out there somewhere, probably getting back to his old ways of being a demon. He had given up trying to look for me so soon and I did not know where he was now. I did not watch him anymore as I knew I had to let him go. I had been so awful to him by saying that he was not Valentina’s real father when he was just as much her father as I was. I also did not resent him for snapping at me about becoming a slave oh so long ago. I had deserved it for what I said to him, we were both in the wrong by arguing while our own daughter lay dead in front of us.
“So I have heard.” I nod in reply and grimace slightly at his smirking face which only grows bigger by the minute.
"Quickly." I whisper hurriedly as he begins slipping on his clothes and hopping towards the slit in the tent while trying to get in other leg into his leggings. I giggle at him and before he slips out of the tent he looks back at me and beckons me towards him. I go over to him and he brings me into a passionate kiss, holding my head gently in his hands and sliding his tongue into my mouth. I clutch onto his waist eagerly as my name was called out again from one of the guards.
"What if I told you that he wasn't just yours? What would you do?" He asked me in a polite manner so I can tell he's not tricking anymore.
"Will you marry me?" I ask, opening the box to pull out a ruby ring. The ruby is the colour of the roses and her cloak and she looks at me in shock when she see's it. Her eyes flickering back and forth from me, to the ring and back again.
The girl who broke down before sobbed loudly and I nudged her to shut her up. The king looked at her with his eyebrows raised and strode over to her, leaning down to look into her eyes. She avoided his eye contact as he whispered something in her ear and she just nodded before looking down at her hands in shame. He looked at the other four girls who avoided his eye contact also and then his gaze landed on me. I looked him right in the eye but showed no emotion on my face. He smiled wickedly and I tilted my head in respect, what else could I do. Before I knew it he was striding back out of the room, leaving us alone to our thoughts. A guard came back in to take Gabriel upstairs to court and I gave him a quick hug goodbye before the demon cook came back and handed me a bucked filled with water and a scrubber.
"Dean?" I hear a voice from behind me and we both jump apart so suddenly. I turn around to see my little brothers head poking out of the slit that I had made in the tent.
I see a man looking up towards out house, his back turned towards us. He is dressed in a long black and brown cloak and his hair is brown and shortish. I move both Dean and Valentina behind me but do not move as we wait for the man to turn around. Finally he does and he looks directly at us with curious and wondering eyes and my breathing stops completely as i look at the man before me. His eyes are blue, not my kind of blue but paler and wiser. His eyebrows are quite bushy and he has stubble adoring his chin and upper lip. As well as his cloak he is wearing a royal black tunic and black trousers. The most curious thing though is when i look down at his feet he is not wearing any shoes, but is in fact bare footed, his toes digging into the grass slightly. I look back up at him in fear and tremble but still hold my family firmly behind me. He cocks his head slightly and moves slightly closer towards us, his movement was graceful and steady. Then he stands a few feet away from us and smiles at me, looking into my eyes and deep into my soul, telling him everything there is too know about me
Don't be stupid. He doesn't like me and he definitely doesn't love me! I lean back in the bath and sigh, letting the hot water engulf my entire being with its relaxation powers. I closed my eyes and must have fallen to sleep because the next thing I know is I'm being prodded in the nose by something which makes me wake up. I jump up quickly, completely forgetting I was in the bath and I slip and slide as the water splashes around me furiously.
"Don't touch me." I grumble moodily but he does any way and comes to me closer, putting his legs on either side of my own legs and kissed me gently and sweetly.
"It's Cas, Sam!" I cry out and look up at him where he is towered above me while I am sat on one of my wooden chairs.
“Okay, sorry.” She says sarcastically as I let her go and carry on walking. “Now let’s go kill some demons.”
I had just finished dancing with all the eligible bachelorettes in the bloody kingdom and was now drinking my way through the wine and mead that was placed all along the buffet table. It was time to have fun.
“I don’t care. I don’t care if you have a nice life going here; I want to be a part of it! You’ve seen me now and I’ve seen you. Ten thousand years Castiel, ten thousand fucking years without you has been hell on earth. I looked for you for over a hundred years until I gave up, thinking that you had gone back up to heaven or something. You really think that just because it’s been so long that I’m gonna walk away and pretend this never happened?
"Nothing! Just get out!" I shout loudly and they both go quiet. I could tell they were giving each other 'that look' to say that i'm just being a stupid teenager but if this wasn't love, why the hell did it hurt so damn much.
I kept trying to think of different ways to kill the girl. Maybe turn into my original form of a dragon or a serpent and swallow her hole but that would be too easy and i wanted to hurt the Winchester demon and his angel lover. No demon crosses me, no demon betrays me and his own kind for one of the angel abominations that roam the earth.
"OH YOU WOULD STICK UP FOR HIM, WOULDN'T YOU! HE'S YOUR FUCKING GOD! WELL, SHE'S NOT EVEN YOUR DAUGHTER SO DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!" Suddenly there was silence from the both of them while i carried on rocking Valentina's lifeless body.
"What the wife tells me to do, i gotta do." I say in a jokey tone and they all seem to relax and laugh with me while i look around the market stalls. A young woman comes up to me and points out things that would maybe help and i thank her as i pay for the items.
“We best go a bit further just to be on the safe side.” We start travelling into the forest which the whole journey is filled with either me or Castiel shouting for Valentina to stay close so we could see her in which she replied;
"I'm going to melt it down and make chains. I'm going to capture those cursed angels and make them our slaves." He then laughs loudly and his demon warriors laugh along with him before getting back on their horses and riding off into the night.
“Hold on tight feathers.” He whispers as he swoops up into the air and towards his castle with speed I had never even thought possible. We landed on a balcony at the highest peak of the castle and Castiel unlocked the door with a swish of his fingers. There were two angels already in there and they looked at him with a raised eyebrow as he brought me in.
"I don't want to go back!" I heard the small demon, Sam shout. Gasps go around the hall as I turn slowly back towards them.
"He has heard about one of his followers running away with the angel king. It will not take him long to find you Castiel and when he does I dread to think what he will try to do." God warns and I nod my head frantically. "However, I'm not only here to be the bearer of bad news."
“I was here to find Gabriel.” He repeated himself and looked over at the angel I call brother once again. Gabriel blushes and rubs the back of his neck awkwardly.
“You’ve already said annoying Castiel, stop complaining. You know your people will expect you to marry someone so just pick Emandriel and everything will be as right as rain.” The two men were stood in the garden, smoking on a pipe as Castiel complained about not wanting to marry his suitor. Gabriel was trying to talk him into it but the king of the angel kingdom was having none of it. He was about to say something else when a woman came out into the garden, not noticing the two men at first but instead turning around and looking straight up to the castle. She turned back around to face the two men and grinned.
"CAS!" Dean cries, looking up and begging for him to come back but the angel does not come back. He never comes back. Dean looks at me and i stare at him harshly before turning back to the body and kneeling beside it. I feel Dean come up behind me but i do not feel aggression coming off him, just grief. He goes around me and Valentina and knees at the other side of her, putting his hand on her face to close her eyes, wiping the terror off her face.
Castiel is the first one to move, groaning as he slips his leg off my shoulder and puts it comfortably on the bed, sighing as he did so. I pull out of him but don’t move from my position on top of him because I was so damn comfortable and I loved hearing his heart beating heavily against his chest. He wraps his arms around my shoulder and nuzzles his head into my hair, breathing in deeply and kissing the top of my head.
“Don’t worry baby girl, he will be okay. He’s just used a lot of his energy on building this beautiful house for us.” She sniffs and nods her head so I pick her up and carry her out of the room, looking back on Cas before closing the door quietly behind me and carrying her downstairs. “Valentina, I need to tell you something okay? So I want you to listen carefully and ask me any questions after I am done.” She nods her head and sits on one of the dining room chairs, waiting patiently for me to stair. I sit down beside her and take her hand in mine before looking into her big blue eyes.
"Valentina." I say, nodding my head at her and she nods back seriously without saying a word. "You came."
"You need to get to know this Anna a little better if you are too marry her Your highness. Why don't you arrange a luncheon with her?" He suggested but it was more of a command. I nodded my head loyally and he waved me out of the room without a further word. My eyes turned black in anger but I reluctantly stepped out the room and into the hallway, walking down it moodily to find go and find Anna. I walked to the court rooms where most of the ladies of the court would normally be and when I walked in I got floundered by women wanting to talk to me but I needed to find the red head.
"Alright, go tell his majesty." She grunts and i squeal as i run off to find dada. I find him in his study just down the hall with Uncle Sammy, talking about king stuff. Dada looks at me and then smiles birghtly before opening his arms wide to hug me. I run into his arms and he picks me up easily, putting me on his hip before kissing the top of my head.
Castiel leaned his head on my shoulder, his eyes drifting shut but Valentina didn’t seem to notice because she was too interested in watching the fire dance around the logs, her own eyes drooping slightly. I smile at how alike Castiel and Valentina were and internally slapped myself for not noticing it sooner. I should have noticed by how her eyes even reminded me of Castiel’s but it didn’t matter now, now we were together and nothing could stand in our way. We were too powerful to be stopped, Crowley would never cross Castiel and I would kill any angel or demon or human or any other being that got close to him or Valentina.
“Shut up Castiel.” He murmurs and places his head into the crook of my neck where he begins sucking and biting. I groan at the touch and lean backwards, about to fall over due to my knees going weak but Dean’s strong arms are keeping me up. His hand travels down my back and cups my ass, massaging slightly which makes me moan again. He lets go of me and I look at him all hot and flustered while he just grins down at me. “Knew I could make you shut up.”
Our lips attach again, greedily tasting and swallowing each other as i brush my hand against his hardening cóck. He móans out softly into my mouth, making my lips vibrate slightly. I wrap my hand around him and begin strokíng him up and down so he has to part our lips to come up for air. The palm of his own hand grabs my groin and begins palmíng me through my leggings roughly, making me groán and shout his name as my already semi hard erectíon hardens.
"Name her? Why should we name her? We can just call her baby girl." I say, cooing at the curly black haired beauty in her sleep.
“We’re nearly there Val, only one more days ride and we will be there.” She sighs and nods at me before turning her back one again so I look at Castiel and roll my eyes.
Castiel reluctantly sat down at the table which was by the window and started sipping on his coffee, the hot milk burning his tongue slightly on the way in. He grimaced and ate a bit of the cake to cool his tongue down a bit. The cake was lemon and tasted absolutely delicious. He had to remember to get the recipe for this before he left, it was probably one of the nicest cakes he had every tried.
“You don’t need to ask him Valentina, I will just take you to my castle and then fly over to Dea- your father.” He spits out the word which confuses me slightly but I shrug it off. “-and tell him where you are, he will be okay with it.” I look up at him innocently and a large smile appears on my face as I nod my head and grab his hand with mine. He breathes in deeply and looks at me with an emotion I had only seen once before in my father. Adoration and love.
"Oh yes, the women have a seperate army because of how different they are at fighting. She was the leader of the women's army and by god was she good. I call on the women when i need pure strength on the angels part, knowing that they are the only ones who would go running into battle with tactics and brute passion. The men listen and follow orders but the women do it in a way that makes them unique. She was amazing at what she did, but something other than fighting caught her eye and finally her heart." I sighed sadly and bit my lip. "I wish she never left us."
“Will you go and see Castiel?” His question shocked me and the smile slid quickly from my face as I breathed out heavily.
“You’re here to speak to my wife?” He asked dubiously and I nod as Anna comes walking towards me. “Well you are going to have to speak to her with me in the room.”
I rode off, leaving my husband behind to lead his petty army. Don’t get me wrong, men angels are fantastic warriors and they are all extremely loyal but they are nothing compared to the women warriors. This was why I was on my way to find Anael, the leader of the women’s army, she had taken Mariel’s place as captain and I knew exactly where she was now because I sent her there myself to try and seduce Prince, now King Dean.
"NOOOOO!" I scream, pulling up her body and holding it against mine. "No no! You can't be dead!" I shout, over and over again while i hear shouting and running coming towards the clearing. From the corner of my eye i see the demon and the angel but they stand still when they see me over her.
"I could show you what to do tonight, I could seduce and sard, or fuck as you call it, you tonight and you can imitate me another night."
"Whoa! What's with the attitude! I'm just coming in to tell you that something really weird happened to me today."
"They've found a way to kill us, your majesty. They've stolen an angel blade of one of the warriors and they have been bringing in special blacksmiths from all over to forge them and copy them." My face dropped into a look of horror and I looked at Michael and Gabriel in turn.
"That's good, okay then. Why not just believe us that this once we will do as we say we will." I ponder this for a second and nod.
"No problem. Say, what is a young handsome man like you shopping for?" She asks, her eyes twinkling slightly.
“She was kind and powerful.” Castiel whispered to her. “And very beautiful.” My heart didn’t twinge with jealousy anymore when he said this because I knew I had him, I knew both him and Valentina were mine to keep and hold for eternity until Valentina was ready to leave.
“I am ordering you, as queen to send them in Anna.” I reply back with authority in my voice. Her eyes widen and her head droops slightly before nodding at me and sighing.
"I'm not going to kill you." I sa quickly without even thinking and realising soon after that i actually meant every word of it.
"please Gabriel, I don't have any other friends in this place. I'm lonely and I really like you and-"
“That’s my daddy.” I say quietly and he lets out a loud sob before bringing his hand to his mouth and keeling over slightly as if he is about to be sick. “Are you okay?” He shakes his head and holds out his hand for me to take.
Castiel is smiling slightly, looking at the berry bush that I had eaten from on that day and turns to look at me slowly before sighing.
With that he grabs his leggings and casual tunic from the chair and slips into them quickly. He turns to leave but before he goes out the door he spins around to look at me. I'm now sat up in the bed, leaning on my elbows and looking at him expectantly. He looks like he is about to say something but closes his mouth tightly and spinning back around to walk away from me. I sighed and slid out of his comfortable bed, shivering against the cold morning air slightly. I didn't need to get changed as I was already wearing the bit of fabric across my waist but I couldn't help but wish we had something to go over our chests just to block out some of the cold. I started cleaning up Deans chambers slowly, knowing that the demon cook will just ask me to do it later on anyway. Dean had said that he was going to speak to the king about me being his slave and I really hoped he would keep his promise, I didn't want to go back to the kings chambers, not one bit.
“I don’t want to marry.” Castiel said loudly to Gabriel, stomping his feet. I don’t like the woman you chose for me, she’s annoying and self-obsessed and annoying.
"I suppose I should do this properly, I was wondering if you would like to go to luncheon with me? To get to know each other a little better. I have to admit that out of all the gorgeous women at the ball, you were the one that stood out with your beautiful red hair and big green eyes." I smiled at her and she blushed prettily before giggling.
"Sire, I hate to say this but your daughter may be in real danger. Especially if the wrong people find out about her. They will send assassins on to kill her."
"It is an honor to meet you your grace." He says proffessionaly and bows low in front of her, taking up her hand and kissing it gently.
Yes but look at him! He’s bootylicious (I don’t even care that they wouldn’t say this in the middle-ages, screw you all) and handsome and tall.
“I would have given it to you sooner but I was afraid you might lose it. Seven is an important age for an angel and seen as you love angels so much I thought I would wait until now to give it to you.” Dada smiled at me as he carefully plucked the necklace out of my hands and told me to turn around so he could put it on my neck. When he had fastened it I turned back around to look at him, smiling hugely at him at he tapped my nose. “Beautiful.”
“Dean Winchester.” Castiel growled out before stepping backwards, outside back on to the balcony. “Look after her.” With that he swooped off the balcony and back towards my home where I supposed he was going to speak to dada. Michael and Gabriel looked at each other before gulping and turning back to me.
“Hey little ‘un.” Gabriel says, walking over to me and smiling before crouching down low to my level and bopping my nose slightly which made me giggle. “I’m Gabriel and this is Michael but you can call him Mikey.”
“Why did you name her Valentina?” He asked me seriously and I bite my bottom lip and look down at my hands. “Dean?”
“C-Cas?” Dean croaked out after a minute or two of complete silence from the two, both of them too preoccupied with staring at each other instead. Castiel nodded slowly and seriously, gulping down the lump that had caught in his throat so suddenly at the sound of Dean’s voice. It was the same. Still gentle but gravelly and deep, full of emotions that hit every part of Castiel’s grace which made him well up. Castiel’s bottom lip started trembling emotionally and he tried to stop it, he really did but seeing Dean and hearing him say his name after so long was too much for Castiel, especially on such an emotional day.
Dean sighed and took a glance at Cas who looked ready to just dissolve into the abyss. Dean knew he had to be strong for Castiel’s sake, he knew they both couldn’t break down now. Dean linked his fingers through Castiel’s and suddenly, Cas was snapped out of his trance, able to look at Dean with a broken-hearted look.
“-so why don’t you just run along. I’m extremely busy at the moment.” I hide a smile and nod in respect at my father before turning on my heel and walking slowly out of his chambers. When I’m out I punch the air in joy and start running towards the slave’s quarters to find myself a friend.
"Your majesty, Crowley has asked for your company." He bows and I itch my eyebrow and nod my head absentmindly.
"That's nice Dean and i love you too but i'm so horny right now and i can't think straight so will you please just... fuck me!" I say through gritted teeth, staring up at him intently. He raises and eyebrow up in amusement before leaning down again and carrying on his actions from before. "Oh god yes, show me how much you love me Dean." I moan out eagerly as he bites my lip softly and fastens the pace of his hand, grinding himself on my leg. My hips bucks beyond my control, as if they had a mind of themselves as my kisses got sloppy.
"Ha! You have to go and tell the king that his bitch won't be coming tonight... Literally." He mocked the King's guard and he gave Dean's guard evils.
I see them digging from high in the sky where i am floating, my grief consuming me. I had lost her once before and now i had lost her again. How could this happen? How could i let this happen? The Demon God was right, it was my fault that my baby girl was dead. Me and Dean didn't get there in time. Dean. How could he? How could he hold me back from killing that bastard. That bastard that killed my daughter. And now he was digging a grave with him? It was sick. It was twisted. It wasn't right.
"You look as beautiful as ever." I bowed regally to her and she blushed and curtseyed before taking my out stretched hand and stepping into the carriage before me. I nodded to the footman and as soon as the carriage door was shut he cracked his whip and away we went towards a dining hall that was very popular among the young demons.
"Tell me about it. I don't think i can go on with the image of that in my head for all of time." I shudder again as the image of Dad kneeling up behind pops covers my mind.
"No, it is your choice if you do not want to be king anymore and I accept your decision. I have not come here to tell you off, but in fact to warn you."
“E—erm. Just, out,” He says before turning around and walking out of our chambers. I bite my lip and sigh, shaking my head slightly. It didn’t work. I knew exactly where he was going, to that demon king of his and I was overcome with jealous and hate. I couldn’t take this anymore.
“No, not here in the camp. What are you doing here, in the middle of battle? Don’t you think that you are a bit young for that?” I asked him and he shrugged.
"I know, his name is Alistair and he was a loyal servant to me when he came down to the castle. He isn't very smart though so we have nothing to worry about. Have you put the guard over me and Valentina?" I nod at him. "Good, if he see's you all he will see is another human that looks as poor as dirt. Just as long as he doesn't see me i think we are safe." My shoulders relax a little but i can't shake the tight feeling in my chest that told me that this was dangerous.
“I have been just about the palace, having tea with the other ladies and listening to that glorious court jester, If I was aloud an angel, I would most definitely choose him. Tell me, do you have an angel, your highness?”
"More than anything." He says seriously and I walk over to him and give him a brotherly hug, patting him on the back as I did so. Most of the angels were standing up now and bowing low towards me but I just waved them off and beckoned Michael and Gabriel to follow me.
"Not until I see Gabe." He pouts before disappearing out if the slit in the tent. I turn to Cas and shake my head in disbelief while Cas just laughs, amused by my actions.
My emotions were all over the place as I flew at top speed back to the demon kingdom, my large black wings flapping furiously as I swooped and ducked over the treetops and towards the looming black castle that had had my child hostage for all these years. I was angry, hurt and I felt so betrayed by the demon I had come to love. I was so ready to kill him and I smashed through the stained glass window, making the demons jump out of their skin as I plummeted down towards the ground and landed heavily, looking around the hall with flames in my eyes.
"Hello." I reply in a timid voice, playing with my hands as i didn't take my eyes off the strange boy.
“Are you just going to keep kissing my hand your highness? Or were you ever planning on actually kissing me?” She grinned wickedly and I looked down at her plush red lips. I lean down, close my eyes and place my lips on hers, also placing my hand on her slim waist. When we pull apart she is blushing prettily and without another word she turns around and walks down the hallways and around the corner, out of sight just like Castiel had done hours earlier. I had forgotten to tell him to come to my room so I sent someone else to go get him before I entered my chamber once again and sat down waiting for him.
I had just put Valentina down for her nap when I heard it. There was a tapping noise in my walls so I quickly decided to hide, ready to pounce on the assassin that came into my room. The tapestry ripped open as a demon all in black stalked out of it and rolled towards the cot. He got out a long blade and looked down at baby girl, his eyes black as night. I quickly hurried out of my hiding place and in one quick movement I severed his head from his body with my own long blade, it falling to the floor and rolling off slightly. I picked up Valentina who had sensed the presence of the demon and begun crying and cradled her in my arm before picking up the head with my other hand. I carried both the baby and the head down the halls and towards the great hall were all my courtiers were placed. I slammed open the door and held the head up in front of everyone, fury fuming in my eyes.
"Ah, ah.." I moan softly, finally finding enough energy to rock my hips into the palm of his hand. Our breathing was ragged, soft noises coming out of our noses as our mouths were preoccupied with each others tongues fighting for dominance. He was going to win, he was going to top today, he was in that frame of mind.
"It's not about slavery Dean, this is war!" He storms out of the room and I follow close behind when the maid finally attached my garments to me. We walk out of the palace and into the courtyard where my beautiful black stallion, Impala is waiting for me. I stroke its main before jumping into its saddle and kicking my heels into its side to make it start galloping after my father who was leading the small army.  It took us a whole day and night to get to the city of Topeka where apparently the angels were hiding. We stormed into the city and the peasants with in all watched us as we rode again. In the centre of the city my father halted us to a stop and he rode in a circle, looking at the humans faces.
“What manner of demon art thou?” I shrug and he shakes his head in disbelief. “I never thought I’d meet a good demon. Especially not a demon prince.” Before I can argue about being ‘good’ he disappears around the corner with his sisters. It reminded me of what Cas had said about me being ‘kind.’ Maybe I was turning soft; it’s just that I didn’t see the point of capturing more angels especially when they weren’t exactly important or powerful. I could have easily captured them or tortured them but why would I? What was the point? I sighed and travelled down the alleyway myself to go back to the horse. I got on her saddle once again and rode her towards the city centre again where my father was going livid.
“Follow me.” Is all I whisper before turning around and walking down the stone steps with him behind me. Once again I have to take a breather halfway down and Cas stops and waits patiently while I lean against the wall, smiling at me slightly. “What?”
“Good morning, do you have my timetable?” I ask. I hated having timetables that my father set me but if I wanted to become king then I would just have to except going by certain times due to meetings and proposals. One of the guards handed me a piece of parchment and I nodded my thanks to him before making my way down the long hallways, towards the great hall where my father was usually stationed. I heard some commotion going on down the hall, towards the kitchen. I stopped for a moment to see two people being dragged across the hall and down some cellar steps. I saw wings pop out of their backs, smacking and hitting the demons viciously but there were too many of them. They clamped down on their wings and the angels let out a shout of protest as they got dragged down the flight of stairs towards the slave quarters. I shook my head and rolled my eyes at the angels, didn’t they know their efforts were useless against us. Why try and fight and waste their energy when they know there is no hope for them. I entered the great hall from the side doors and walked over to my father who was sitting on the thrown, slumped over in his seat.
"I have to say, I liked the view when I walked in." He said calmly, ignoring my verbal attack at him. He started walking towards me and around me. I blushed deeply at his comment and coughed awkwardly before looking down at my feet. "It was a sight for sore eyes."
"Go." I whisper breathlessly when he finally pulled away. He grins and nods before slipping out of the tent. I hold my heart and wipe my brow, relief finally flowing through me.
"You need him right? To clean you room, to brush your hair, to sort out your clothes and what was that other thing you need him for?" He taps his chin comically before snapping his fingers suddenly. "Ah yes, you need him to have sex with him!"
"D-Dean? What are you-?" I hushed him and bent down to kiss his forehead gently before grinning at him.
"Good. Now get out." I run out of the room again and straight past the guards who I could hear chuckling from down the hall. I went into the kitchen and just dumped the stuff for the women to find before turning on my heel and going back up the stairs to watch the ball. I did have to wait for it to finish after all. I walked into the ballroom through the side door and looked around to find another group of angels who were serving people. I walked over to them and asked politely if there was anything I could do to help but they just looked down their noses at me and sauntered off. Wow. Rude. That was really weird and I couldn't help but think about why they would do that? They didn't know me, I have done nothing wrong and yet they just looked at me like I was dirt on their shoe.
"Your majesty, I'm sorry to interrupt-"I look to the right of me to see a guard standing their awkwardly. I shuffle off my queen and stand up, looking at him expectantly with a hint of annoyance in my eyes to let him know that I didn't like the disruption.
I first found out i had wings on my fifth birthday, so it was really really recently. There were aches in my back and suddenly feathers started pouring out of them. I couldn't let papa know so i hid the feathers in my bedroom, stuffing them under the mattress. Maybe it was because i liked angels so much that i started growing wings, or maybe it was because i wanted to grow wings so badly that it just happened. Yes, that was probably it.
"Because she looks like her mother." I lie smoothly, not looking back up at him but instead getting baby girl out of her cot and rocking her gently backwards and forwards. "I would like you to go downstairs to the slaves and collect a woman slave names Amelia. Now Azazel." I add when he just stands there looking dumbfounded. He scurried off and while he is away and change baby girls nappy which is already getting easier even though it still stinks and carry on rocking her backwards and forwards. Azazel soon come back with Amelia and I give her pointed look and she nods.
"What do you mean you haven't found him yet?!" My father cried at our king, Crowley. He shook his head and wandered about the room with his head held high.
"Hang on a second, you already said to Cas that you were going to do that? But you told me that you couldn't!" Gabriel accused and I shrugged.
“I don’t love you.” He says quickly before looking at me and gulping. “I’m kind of thankful that you’re leaving because I wasn’t ready to marry anyone yet anyway.”
"Castiel no!" I scream and he stops mid-movement, staring me down. He lowers the sword and his wings spread fully behind him, standing on end like cats do when they are threatened. With a click of his fingers the other slave's chains fall off them and they also spread their wings, however theirs were not as big or as glorious as Castiel's.
“Because the angels and demons are at war with each other.” I tell her and she just looks at me confused. “We have been at war with each other ever since Lucifer fell.”
"It won't hurt to go into a human village, we are extremely far away from either kingdoms and it would take them weeks to get here." He tells me in a defeated voice and i frown but nod anyway.
Anna was now at the alter with me and we were holding hands, facing my father who was now marrying us. He was talking but I wasn’t listening to a word he was saying because of the internal battle I was having with myself.
"Oh really? What's mine then?" I grin at my little brother and he pouts his lips and raises his eyebrows slightly.
“You want to know why I let those angels go.” I ask and his smile drops before he nods slowly. “The truth is, they looked so helpless Cas. I mean, they didn’t have any weapons and they were just cowering away in a corner of some dirty alleyway and when they saw me and recognised me they were so scared. There were three of them, a young man, a young woman and a little girl. They were all siblings, they were dirty and feeble. They weren’t warriors Castiel, so what was the point in capturing and wasting precious chains that could be used or more important angels.”
"Your highness!" Anna curtsied to me happily so I smiled at her and kissed her hand. We started in the courtyard, walking about the castle and talking about each other. I held her hand and she giggled happily. I loved how bubbly she was and I couldn't help but smile at her enthusiasm. We walked past the slave courtyard holding hands and I looked over to it to find Castiel staring at us as he brought water out of the well. When he caught my gaze he blushed slightly and looked away, back down into the well where the bucket was being dropped. I sighed and looked away from him also, back to the beautiful red headed demon beside me. For some unknown reason I felt guilty, but I had no idea why. I had never felt guilty in my entire life so what was so different about now? Only one thing came to mind. Castiel. He was making me feel guilty but again I didn't know why. I decided to ask him later on tonight.
“So what do you do here?” I ask, wanting to know everything about this wondrous angel who just so happened to bump into me.
We were told to get changed into these exposing garments and I wanted to refuse at first but I saw the demon beat a girl angel until she obliged so I just decided to slip it on. It was a leather fabric that was only put around my waist, leaving my chest and legs, bare to the cold cellar air that was drafting in. I know that if I bent over you would be able to see everything so I pulled it down as far as I could. I looked at Gabriel and laughed. He was strutting around the cellar in his new garments and I thanked the lord at how he could turn every bad situation and make it good. I sighed as we were moved again into a different room, a room that looked like a kitchen and told to wait there while they went to get the king. It must be some sort of code that they have to check every angel before we started working. I shivered and held my chest tightly looking around at the other angels who were all clinging to each other.
"Alright, you will put your mark on him then." He says finally after a moments silence and I can almost feel the relief radiating off Gabriel.
I walked down the corridors to go to my chambers when I saw him, carrying a heavy bucket in his arms. He was struggling with it and got frustrated so he dropped it on the floor, its dirty contents spilling out.
“We don’t have enough men, sire. They have brought the women angels in and also there is more angels coming in from the south. We have to pull out and start making more angels blades before we carry on fighting.” One of my advisors told me and Crowley. Crowley looked at me sceptically and I bit my lip.
"HAHAHA, OH DEAR LORD WERE YOU TWO HAVING SÉX? EW THAT'S GROSS!" She shouted and i groaned into the pillow. "Oh god, i'm leaving." She puts a hand over her eyes and walks out of the room, banging into the frame of the door a couple of times before actually leaving the room, leaving the door wide open. I sit up slowly and look at the door, waving a hand and slamming it shut before looking at Dean.
“Let’s go.” He whispers out, staring right through my soul. I look at him in shock and step forward slightly to get a better hearing of what he just said.
"I'm sorry that i tricked you into thinking anything, i'm sorry for tricking you into thinking that i may have loved you and for thinking that i was a sex slave. I'm much more than some low angel that you normally catch Dean."
"F-fúck Cas, so tíght baby. So tíght for me." I gásp as he keeps going fúrther insíde of me until the báse of his cóck presses against my skín. He holds still for a second, leaning his forehead to rest on mine as we both gásp for breath. Then to my pure joy he starts moving his híps slowly backwards and forwards insíde of me, keeping his forehead on mine the whole time and looking into my eyes with adoration and love. I look back up at him in the same way, unable to shut my eyes or look away. Our bodíes move together and he pushes my whole bódy up with his híps, rockíng us gently. His cóck begins to press against my prostáte and i whine loudly, tíghtly shutting my eyes as my whole bódy quívers in pleásure. I hold onto his híps tightly, probably leaving a mark there but neither of us cared. He kept plúnging into that same spót over and over again, letting loud waíls out of his mouth as i tíghten around him.
There was a boy in the clearing, sat on a tree strump casually as he sung the song. An eerily shine glowed off of him as his voice soothed out around the woods. He was a fair haired boy and light skinned which looked smooth, as if he hadn't ever fell over and scraped his knee or climbed a tree before. His eyes wandered too me but his voice didn't falter when he saw me, standing there looking at him. His eyes were a pale but vivid blue, almost as blue as my papa's and he had a soft smile on his face. His eyes were soft also as if he meant no harm so i approached him, slowly.
“Aw hell no.” I say, holding the sleeve of my tunic to my mouth a nose before flinging the rags away from the baby and wiping her bum with a spare one. “You are disgusting.” I tell the little girl but still she hadn’t stopped crying. I wrap her in some dry, clean rags from my own saddle and finally take my hand away from my mouth. “Why are you still crying?” I ask her but she just screams ever louder. “How for something so little do you have such a loud voice? Shut up.”
“This is Valentina. She is Leliel’s daughter, Gabriel.” He gave them a pointed look that I didn’t understand and their mouths dropped in surprise as they looked at me.
“So be it, I guess my life at the demon court is over. I was so comfortable here as well, and I had a good looking and rich husband.” She looks at Dean and shakes her head slightly. “I suppose work comes first though.”
"It's Sam, Valentina. Uncle Sam!" He exclaims with a hint of fondness in his voice. I look at Dada and he winks at me, smirking slightly. I giggle before jumping down of dada and going to uncle sammy.
"DADA!" She shouted and I rolled my eyes at the nickname she had given me before striding over to her and picking her up easily and swinging her around making her squeal.
“Valentina.” He looks at me in shock and my eyebrows burrow slightly in confusion. “Where did you get that?”
“You always said about how in another life we could be together. Is this the kind of life you meant?” Dean asked, the slightest bit of hope filling his voice. Castiel laughed lightly and sniffed before nodding his head, smiling at Dean. “Good.”
“They must have moved on. Let’s move.” He announced before riding off out of the city. I stay behind, looking around at the scared humans and remember what Cas say about them being able to pretend to be demons. If they could pretend to be demons, they could definitely pretend to be humans. When the last of the men are out of the gates I call out.
"Do you honestly have to go now?" I ask him sadly and he nods his head before standing next to Gabriel who was taking up back to his own kingdom in Lawrence. "Why now?"
“I see.”                 I mumble out and lean on the desk, not wanting to turn around to look at my wife due to the tears threatening to fall down my cheeks. I sniff slightly and turn around to walk out of my chambers all together, she calls out to me but I ignore her and carry on walking out and towards the great hall where I plop myself down on my throne and twirl my crown around my fingers.
I had lost all hope that i would find my daughter, there was no way on this earth that i could get to her. I had both angels and demons looking for her but still not one hint of her has propped up in these past almost 6 years now. I was so overcome with grief and anger that my own people were terrified of me. No demons hunted me now and no angel contradicted me. I would kill, hack and burn everything that would come into view but i didn't care, i was void of all emotion.
"MARY NO!" John Winchester screams from the battlements. He is clinging onto the cold stone, reaching out for his warrior wife. He see's the archangel Michael lifting up his blazing sword ready to cut down his wife. He's screaming but Mary doesn't hear him, no one does. They are all in a battle frenzy, cutting, chopping and killing everything they come across. Michael brings down his fiery sword upon his gorgeous, blonde demon beauty and she incinerates instantly turning into ash at the angels feet. Michael looks up, his eyes glowing in sort of a frenzy at the king of Lawrence and John looks down on him, tears in his eyes.
"I don't know what to think Aneal. You disappear for years and years and suddenly you are here. I thought you were dead."
When Dean had found the Zoroastrian texts in the bunker, at first he wasn’t sure if any of it was useable for their purposes, not until he’d gotten to the part called
Dean tried to sleep for a few hours at least, leaning back in the Impala’s seat and closing his eyes, but he was suddenly filled with an electric, hot energy that was desperate to get the ball rolling on this.  Dean’s choice.  If he chose it himself, he had God’s word from his own mouth that he wouldn’t interfere.  If he figured out a way to get this right, he could fix it.  He could fix everything.
Obligations.  Sam had told Dean about his conversation with the Empty before, when trying to get God’s book.  He’d mentioned that the Empty and God had an agreement or something, right?  That God would leave the Empty alone, and the Empty wouldn’t be able to come to Earth or any other plane that God didn’t want it to, unless it was specifically summoned.
of us take our jobs seriously, so could we get on with this?”  The girl who drew Dean’s attention now crossed her arms after spouting this off, leaning her head back and closing her eyes as if working out a kink in her neck.  The torn, dirty white dress she was wearing was another bright spot in the heavy darkness of the night, and she tapped a grimy, bare foot against the barn floor impatiently.
“And I should have told you that sooner, and I’m sorry,” Dean finished, licking his lips and sighing.  To his surprise, Cas let out a shaky laugh, and at last Dean pulled back enough to look Cas in the eyes, the first time after finally saying it out loud, after finally telling him the truth, and Cas’s eyebrow was arched upward, the deep pools of his eyes shining with a teasing adoration.
“He said Amara was a part of him now?  That they were balanced?”  Cas asked as they made their way down the spiral staircase after entering the bunker.
Outside, the air was still.  No wind stirred the limbs of the dark trees lining the perimeter of the abandoned land they were on.  In fact, now that Dean was paying attention, sound in general had fallen very low in his inner ear—like the void you feel when you suddenly need to pop your eardrums.  Dean tried this, in fact, but it didn’t help.
“Now that it’s just us…” Jack grabbed Dean’s attention, and Dean tried to straighten his shoulders, realizing he’d become slightly hunched inward watching the gushing tornado.  When he met Jack’s mismatched stare, Jack smiled slightly and continued, “You’re more than entitled to be scared, Dean, you don’t have to hide that from me.”
“Interesting,” Empty-Anna commented, lifting her head slightly.  The blackness of her eyes faded, and she stared at him, an icy blue, calculating glance.
“Cas!”  At the sound of Dean’s gravelly cry, Cas finally looked up, turning toward the Winchester brothers just as Dean reached him, and then Dean had his arms around Cas, and felt him, solid and warm and real and alive and
Jack chuckled, and dimples formed in his cheeks, the sight making Dean’s heart ache with nostalgia.  “I wouldn’t dream of even trying,” Jack replied, and Dean knew he meant it by the way his brow wrinkled in a very nearly identical replica of Sam’s own expression of sincerity.  “I do want to give you one last chance to change your mind, however.  Not because I want you to, or think you should.  Just a blanket, free offer.  You’re…my dad.  Don’t tell the others, but that comes with a few extra perks, I guess.”
The more he’d absorbed from the text, the surer he’d become.  If there was any chance of getting Cas back, if there was any way to interpret Jack’s parting comments in a way that made sense, this was it.  If they were in the third “time,” and
“There’s nothing you can offer me that will get you your precious angel back,” Empty-Anna mockingly informed Dean, crossing her arms over her chest and smirking her thin, slightly pink lips.
“Then...I don’t understand,” Cas’s voice took on an almost perturbed edge, and Dean felt a spike of uncertainty shoot down his spine.  Cas looked back and forth between Sam and Dean, settling on Dean finally, and he asked, “why did you bring me back?”
“What a foolish little monkey you are,” Empty-Anna said, voice warm from her laughing fit.  He saw the tiniest flicker of her fingers, knew that he had a brief window to grab her attention and hold it in just the right way to play his hand, and so he took it.
She dropped her arms, chuckling, her eyes steely on Dean, then she guffawed louder, and louder, and threw her head back, her palms turning outward with the force of her amusement.  Dean and Sam shared a quick glance, checking in with each other, and Sam nodded, jaw muscles clenching.  The encouragement made Dean stand up a little straighter, and he looked back at the Empty just as she finally stopped her bellowing and brought her gaze back to the man in front of her.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, not a question, but an avowal of the reality of the situation, a confirmation of this long overdue moment between them.
Taking a deep breath, his gut-wrenching fear easing slightly now that he knew she was going to listen to his pitch, Dean let his shoulders relax as he lifted his chin.  “If I’m found righteous, then I want you to release Cas back to Earth, fully restored, angel mojo at 100, all of that.”
“It’s not an offering, it’s a wager,” Dean corrected her, hearing the little hint of uneasiness that had slipped out in his voice.  Sam took another small step forward, reminding Dean again he wasn’t alone.  “I’m taking my ordeal no matter what, I just thought that we might have a little bit of…fun with it.  You know.  If you’re interested, that is…”  Empty-Anna narrowed her eyes, the smile that she was still wearing a plastic mask across her thin face.  “I mean, if you’re not, you’re not,” Dean shrugged, dipping his lips downward, feinting nonchalance, “no skin off my back, really…”
“Yeah,” Dean responded, and Sam flicked his gaze to Dean briefly, lips thinning quickly to acknowledge the answer, before Sam continued his survey of the rest of the barn.  Dean was glad that they had insisted Eileen stay behind at the bunker—the stillness and sucking ache that had suddenly permeated the air did not feel pleasant or friendly.
“Sammy,” Dean said warmly, and the two little creases between Sam’s eyebrows emerged, his expression puckering, “what you have, with Eileen…and what you built with the hunters from Apocalypse world, the network…I’m real proud of you.  You know that right?”
Taking a shaky breath in, he continued once more, heading Sam off before he could even get a word out this time, “And now that it’s done, I need…I need my own piece of it, ok?”  Dean furrowed his brow, pressing his hands firmly into the tabletop as if trying to physically shove back the wave of tears he could feel heading his way.  “I can’t…I don’t want to just…” Jesus, why was there suddenly a boulder in his throat, a bomb in the place his heart once was?  Why was saying this to Sam so fucking hard?  Sam’s jawline was a razor edge, his nostrils flaring as he began to realize what Dean was getting at.
Her eyebrow arched, the only movement she made.  “I thought you weren’t making any offerings, Dean.  Such a little liar.”
“I do,” Sam answered again, and Dean felt the tension coursing through his limbs start to dissolve.  “I can let you go if I have to.  I don’t want to,” Sam’s voice hardened briefly through these words, “but I can.  If it comes to it, I can.”
Luck?  Good luck?  The kid was freaking God, for fuck’s sake, and he was sending them off with a, “Yeah, sorry, rules are rules, but break a leg out there”?  Dean would have laughed at the absurdity if he wasn’t fighting back the urge to break his driver’s side window with his fist.
If Cas had been there, he would have placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder at that moment, uttering his name in his deep, gravelly tone, saying so much with just that one syllable.  “Dean,” meant, “Dean, calm down or you won’t be able to focus.”  Or, “Dean, I know you’re angry, but you don’t know what Jack’s going through, there’s probably a good reason behind all of this.”  Or, “Dean, I’m sorry, I promise we will find a way to fix this, please don’t be upset.”  He could almost hear Cas’s voice, the feeling was like sticking his finger in a light socket, and goosebumps rippled across every inch of Dean’s skin.
“You’re forgiven.  You owe me one though,” she warned, pursing her lips and dipping her head in a mockingly stern expression.  Dean grinned in response.
“Jack seemed pretty sure Chuck wouldn’t be a threat anymore, he’s completely drained of all his Alpha and Omega and whatever,” Dean responded, stuffing his hands into his jacket pockets and nodding.
Dean had to avert his eyes after this moment—he heard the ruffling and heavy breaths of his brother and Eileen as they embraced.  The ritual had gone perfectly, just as it had the first time, of course—Sammy had really been Rowena’s prodigy.  There was a gasp, Sam’s pain and longing exploding from him in a rush as he undoubtedly clung to Eileen, molding his body against hers, and then Dean heard Eileen’s breathy chuckles.
To Dean’s surprise, Sam’s face was much more relaxed than before.  He was looking at Dean, his eyes bright and his mouth a grim line, and nodding his head.  “I get it,” Sam murmured to Dean, and Dean leaned back in his chair, the cavity of his chest easing open slightly once again.  “All right.  I get it.”
Gulping back a swift and unexpected lurching fear in his gullet, Dean took a moment to process this information, and then nodded nervously.  “Okay,” he said, and Jack’s smile widened.
“Just give us tonight,” Sammy said to Dean, two little lines puckering between Sam’s eyebrows as he uttered this, his eyes darting swiftly back to Eileen, as if he was terrified that if he didn’t keep her in his view she’d disappear.  Eileen turned her face back toward Sam’s, and he leaned in and rested his forehead and nose against her cheek, closing his eyes and breathing deeply.  Dean swallowed painfully, the sight of them so sublimely happy and in each other’s arms making his own body ache with longing.
Empty-Anna slowly leaned her head back, regarding Dean coolly.  “What makes you think that’s anything even remotely enticing to me?”  If she hadn’t taken so long to respond, Dean would have found her amused tone and dismissing, smug gaze disheartening, but now he could finally breathe well, for the first time in days.  He’d guessed right, he had her on the hook he’d bargained as being tempting.  Now it was a matter of sealing the deal.
“It’s good to have you back, Cas,” Sam’s voice prompted Dean finally to release Cas, and he sniffed back the emotions that had snuck up his throat, clogging his voice for the moment.  Sam wrapped Cas in his long arms, and Cas returned the hug, his forehead creased with confusion as he closed his eyes briefly.  When he and Sam let the other go, Dean reached out and placed a hand firmly on Cas’s shoulder.
“I knew you’d get him back,” Eileen said with a big grin, and she disentangled herself from Sam, reaching for Castiel, who smiled back at her and accepted her hug easily.  “Welcome home,” Eileen said to him, her arms reaching up and around his neck.
“Dean!”  Cas’s deep voice rumbled through his chest, vibrating against Dean’s face as it traveled through his throat, and Cas’s arms gingerly returned Dean’s embrace.  The firm pressure made Dean grin against the material of Cas’s trench.  “How…what did you do?  How did this…?”
A ticking, tsking noise rattled out of the Empty’s motionless mouth, the sound and image eerie in the darkness of the barn, sigils black and numerous and crowding around them in the atmosphere, as if leaning in to hear what would happen next.
When Dean Winchester’s lips finally pressed against Castiel’s, he could feel Cas’s jolt of surprise, the tremor that shook through him at the touch, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel embarrassed about the lack of warning, because he was really doing this, he was kissing his best friend, he was kissing Cas, after so long of imagining the sensation, wondering what words would precede the act, fantasizing about the moment for years as he laid awake in the middle of the night, staring up into a dark ceiling and seeing only a pair of bottomless blue eyes.  Dean was kissing Cas.  And it was glorious, and warm, and rough, and an explosion of shivering pleasure and overwhelming joy and satisfying rightness, and he felt his hands reach up to hold Cas’s face, and felt Cas’s arms close around his waist, and felt the heat of Cas’s chest and stomach press into his, and felt Cas’s lips molding themselves to the shape of his, and there was nothing on Earth or in Heaven or Hell or Purgatory or any other universe that could have ever prepared Dean for this, no former experiences with previous partners or feverish dreams filled with half-understood desires could have encapsulated the full scope of this moment, how every molecule of Dean’s body and heart and mind and soul reoriented itself into utter, perfect completion.
“I’m invoking my ordeal for the last judgment.”  The statement’s level, even tone did not reflect the fluttering misgivings and anxious second-guessing that were making Dean’s insides roil.
grip suddenly pulling at his core, and he was moving slowly forward.  He knew Sam had to be, at the very least, shifting uncomfortably at this sight, if not yelling at the Empty, warning her against doing anything prematurely to Dean that wasn’t part of his ordeal; Dean, however, couldn’t hear anything, not even the sliding of his boots against the straw and dirt and nails of the barn floor as he came closer and closer to Empty-Anna’s feral, jagged scowl.
Floating, or falling, or rising, or somewhere in between, Dean Winchester existed but also didn’t exist.  He was alive and himself, and he was nothing at all and completely infinite.  The feeling of gentle, perfect, stillness in the middle of the sea, or spiraling slowly and carelessly through the void of space.  Peace.  It was pure, primordial peace.
Finally, he stopped, inches from the Empty’s upturned face.  Staring into her wildly wide eyes, Dean felt his spine shudder and his stomach bottom out.  “I see Samuel has protected himself somehow from my influence,” Empty-Anna hissed, and Dean felt a lurch of dread—what had she tried to do to him?  Had he been roped forward like him?  No, if she’d noticed he’d drank the potion, she must have failed at whatever it was she’d attempted to do to him too.  “How?”
.  The final stage of Earth as humanity knew it before the primordial forces of the universe fully rid everything of evil and death, once and for all.  Sam and Dean had lived through several apocalypses from several religions, and had become skeptical of any of them truly sticking; however, reading about this specific doctrine, Dean had felt, suddenly, a shifting of puzzle pieces inside of himself, sliding into perfect place.
“Everything’s perfect now,” Dean cut Cas off with this roughly toned phrase, staring at the rigid, familiar planes of Cas’s face and feeling a flowing warmth spread throughout his chest at the sight.
“Yeah, yeah, just make sure you get some actual sleep at some point,” Dean raised his finger and pointed at Eileen and Sam, waggling it so it went from left to right, Eileen to Sam and back, over and over, while he smirked.  “We’ve got a long day tomorrow.”
“Thanks, Eileen,” Dean said, making sure to grab her attention with a wave of his hand before speaking.  She beamed in response, and Sam thanked her as well, holding her face gently in his wide palms and placing a few soft, gentle kisses on her lips.  Dean swallowed, his throat going hollow and his stomach suddenly roiling with more than just hunger.
Sam had several furrows across his forehead, and Dean watched his eyes scan back and forth across the pages of the old, musty book in front of him on the table.
.”  Empty-Anna had lost all of her former, fake warmth; she was now staring so strikingly and sadistically at Dean that he would have taken a step backward if he wasn’t actively trying to keep himself in check.
was upon the world, what Jack meant about Dean making his own choice, and not standing in Dean’s way, made perfect sense.  He could choose to risk his life and roll the dice, using his knowledge to his advantage, and if he played it just right…well, everything would be perfect.  For once, Dean Winchester could win, without having to sacrifice anything in return.  For once, he could be happy, truly happy, in wide open, endless freedom.
She was very pale, and had long, dark red hair, and completely pitch-black eyes, and was staring so intently at Dean that he gulped involuntarily.  He recognized the figure in front of him just as she opened her mouth to smile and say, “Well, well.  Dean Winchester.  I didn’t expect to be summoned like this so soon.”
Dean wasn’t sure he would be able to hide it even if he gave the effort all of his strength, but he scoffed breathlessly and said, “Yeah, well, the
“I’m sorry?”  Empty-Anna smiled slightly, her lips opening up just enough to let her teeth peek out.  Sam took a step forward, clearly reading Dean’s tension and knowing that his brother needed the reassurance that he wasn’t alone, that they were here for a purpose and they weren’t leaving until it was fulfilled.
Gasping, he saw the figures in front of him begin to slowly rise upward, and the swirling walls of his ordeal began closing in around them all.  As they rose higher and higher, the circling waves tightened and tightened and soon swallowed Michael, Eve, the Empty, Rowena, and Jack, all in turn.  Dean had one last moment to take a shuddering breath in, before the vortex collapsed.
“My turn,” Eve called out, her tone a mocking reflection of excitement.  Smirking at Dean one last time, she closed her eyes just as the Empty had done before, and then threw her head backward in the same fashion Empty-Anna had, mouth and eyes flinging open widely.  The liquid that oozed from her orifices, however, was different from the Empty’s:  while it too was black, there was something oily and iridescent about it, a reflective sheen mixing with the Empty’s dull and even tone.
With trembling hands, Dean pulled the folded piece of notebook paper from his jacket pocket.  Opening it up, the sounds of the paper sliding against itself seemed impossibly loud and grating inside the silence that had taken over the entire barn.  Sam, a few yards in front of him, turned and gave Dean a somber nod, encouraging Dean to continue.  Swallowing, Dean looked down at the words he’d scrawled a few days ago in excited, fervent need.
“You really can’t help yourselves, can you?  No matter what happens, Sam and Dean always find trouble.”  The last figure’s deep voice surprised Dean, and when he met the gaze of Death, Death shook his head, regarding Dean with barely contained bitter amusement.  “I told you,” Death said to Dean, discontentedly twisting his scythe in his palm, “human disorder incarnate.”
“If you didn’t need me to help you with something, why did you resurrect me?”  Cas elaborated on his previous question, but it did little to assuage Dean’s adversely affected disposition, and he swallowed hard, licking his lips.
“Dean?”  The sound of Cas saying his name would never cease to affect Dean Winchester in a myriad of ways all at once—the deep tone rumbling down to the base of his spine, the familiar way the word left Cas’s lips drawing Dean’s rapt attention to his mouth, Dean’s pulse quickening as everything else in his head fell from his thoughts like they were all diving off a cliff.  When Dean didn’t respond fast enough, Cas turned his palms outward at his sides, sighing and settling his mouth into a serious, thin line.
"We have eliminated all blacksmiths that have been making the copyrighted angel blades your majesty." He bows and I nod my head in approval.
"You know, it's been exactly seven years today since we moved here." Murmered Dean into my ear seductively, waking me from my drowse in bed.
"My name is Aneal." My eyes go wide suddenly before I regain my composure and look around us quickly to see if anyone was around.
“Let’s go. I want to go, I don’t want to be king anymore. Please, let’s just go.” He says, choking slightly on his tears. I gasp before a smile makes its way towards my lips and I step even closer to him, letting my hands run forwards and take the back of his head. I put my lips on his forehead and I whisper sweet ‘thank you-s’ to him over and over again. He holds onto my wrists that are on either side of his head and looks up at me, smiling sadly. “I’m going to miss this place.”
“Yeah, and you can go and see how your pregnant wife is doing.” My voice drips with venom slightly and he frowns and looks down at his hands before straightening up slightly, not wanting to make it look like he is losing his touch on being king.
The reason why I had told Castiel I would help him was because his daughters disappearance was just as much a mystery to me then it was too Castiel. I wanted to actually find out who had taken the kings daughter, I wanted to congratulate them on their bravery and faithfulness to the demon kind but I also wanted to kill them for not bring the child to me. The demon would now not stand a chance with both mine and Castiel's army on his back.
“What?” I ask her. I couldn’t be bothered with an argument today as I was already in a bad mood due to being back at the castle. She strolls over to me and slaps me across the cheek, sending my face flying to the side. I look back at her coldly and uncaringly as she looks on at me angrily.
I don’t know how long me and papa were sat there for but dada came back, walking slowly into the dining room and looking at us both sadly. He carried a bunch of blue flowers in his hands and I slid off papa’s knee and ran up to him while papa looked at him seriously.
"Eh, Urm, alright. Yeah we'll do that." He stutters out and I smirk at him before wrapping my arms around his waist and grabbing his bottom. He gasped slightly and I said;
"The roses are beautiful. How did you get them to grow so fast?" She asked, her eyes wide and beau- i mean, her eyes wide and child-like. She smiles at me, her blue eyes squinting as she does so and i shrug.
“Aw Dean, I’m sure you’ll get used to the idea soon. But for now…” She trails a finger up my arm slowly and I shiver under her touch but subtly so she doesn’t notice. She leans in and nips my ear with her teeth before slowly trailing kisses down my jaw and neck. I lick my lips and look at her, my eyes turning black before I stand up and turn to lean over her, separating her legs and standing in between them while I smashed my lips on hers.
"I didn't." I saw awkwardly, blushing bright red. He squints his eyes at the smudge beside Anna's name and his eyes widen slightly.
"A sex slave." I snap out and get up off the bed. "Are you happy now? There I told you." I fling my arms up in the air and stomp around my bedroom.
It took us three sunrises to get back to the angel city, as fast as our wings could carry us. We flew over the bright and beautiful city before landing directly in front of my castle, my home. I sighed contently and looked at Gabriel who had a mixture of feelings in his eyes; happiness, smugness but also sadness. I decided to shrug it off for now and speak to him later, but for now I had to see someone, someone who I had missed so dearly and loved with all my heart. I burst through the double doors of the castle and into my own Great Hall where hundreds of angels were kneeling and praying to God. They all looked around and gasped in shock at the sight of me, some stood up and some just stayed sat down, rooted to the spot.
"Honestly, you just need a scarf over your head and a long dress and i'm sure you would pass for one of the prettiest ladies in town." He laughs loudly again and i give him a shove as we walk towards the opening to out cottage. Dean stopped abruptly in his path, grabbing hold of me and staring off at something near out cottage. I look at him in confusion and look towards Valentina who is coming towards us. She clings to me and hides behind me and i look up at what they are both looking at, my heart drumming heavily in my chest, my breathing ragged.
Halfway through the 10 day ride, Leliel told me that she was going to ride off and find Anael to get us more help in battle from the woman warriors. I was sceptical about sending her off on her own and told her to take two warriors with her but she refused my proposal, gave me a kiss goodbye and rode off. I shouted after her but she ignored me and kept on riding into the distance.
“No, not yet baby.” I whisper to my stomach but another contraction came, this one even more hurtful then the one before. I stumbled over to the saddle and grabbed the timber from inside my bag. I then found some wood and quickly started a fire. I had a bowl also in my pack which I filled with water from the river and began boiling it on the fire while tearing up rags. “Okay baby, we can do this. We don’t need a doctor or physician to help us little darling, we can do this by ourselves.” I spoke to her softly, more comforting myself rather than her.
“My husband would never be in love with vermin like that.” I snarl at her angrily and she raises her arms in defeat.
"Wait!" I shout and he turns around and looks at me in confusion. "Aren't you going to see Sam?" I ask him and he sighs before shrugging and nodding his head.
We had to move early the next day to get as far away from both kingdoms as possible. Castiel scouted ahead by flying while me and Valentina rode by horse, following Castiel as we went. If we were seen, people would be suspicious so we had to be very careful. Valentina was getting tired of all the travelling and after the third day she got in a strop and walked off for a bit. Castiel was going to follow her but i held him back and shook my head.
"You better not be. You sit on this baby and I will kill you." I tell him before handing him the baby and walking out of my chambers to go down to the carpenters. When I enter I ask for what I need before he bows and sets to work straight away, dropping everything he is doing just for me. I tell him I will be back within the hour to pick it up and he bows at me again before I pay him and walk out of the shop. I run back up to the castle and enter the meeting just in time where Crowley and my father are sat.
"Maybe not, but you were thinking it." I snap at his grinning face. The door too my chambers slowly opens as a woman wrapped in chains and carrying a new born baby. She looks at me in terror and then at the baby in my hands in surprise before 'tutting' and shaking her head.
Once in I looked about me, trying to figure out where I was. I knew I had to climb some steps to get up to the first floor so I did and looked down the hall through the crack in the door before stepping out into the hallway. I walked down it carefully, trying to avoid any demons if possible and towards the great hall where I believed I would be able to find Anael. I walked into the vast hall and realise that it was nothing compared to our beautiful one at home. I look at the throne and see King Dean, sat on it sulkily while an advisor was talking to him about some inane thing. I look to the side of him and see that his Queen was sat next to him, holding his hand and sitting straight and regal in her chair. Dean waved the advisor off and as he hurried off I realised that there was not that many people in the hall so I knew I could ask for company from them.
"But what about your father or your mother? Your brothers or sisters? Your aunties an uncles? What about your family and friends? Is there no one to feed you and look after you?" I ask and he just shrugs.
"I thought you couldn't love." She says dubiously and i groan and lean back against the grass with my face in my hands.
“Val?” Dean croaked out, his voice breaking slightly. A little girl appeared out of the clearing and his heart shattered in two. His little girl was right in front of him, still alive and well!
"DADDDDDDDDDYYYYYYYYYYY.......S" I heard Valentina's voice cry from her room and me and Dean opened our eyes at the same time, looking at each other. We sigh and sit up in bed, rubbing our eyes and yawning as Valentina called us again and again.
"Gabriel no, if we untie him then the father will know that we have been in here and who do you think he will blame it on? The angel or his two sons?" Gabriel looks at me sadly before letting go of the knots and placing a hand on his brothers back. Castiel's eyes flutter open and he moans in pain a he starts to get up. He kneels up on the bed with his hands still tied and looks around the room and each one of us individually before finally landing on me.
"Well, if you weren't so busy with your little angel boyfriend and actually started going to the meetings that father and Crowley hold then you would know this. Crowley told father that he is assigning you as his heir in front of the whole demon army before the final battle." He smiles smugly at his knowledge and I shake my head in disbelief.
"This will hurt a bit." I whispered and placed my hand over his heart. Fire burned inside me, my eyes when black and suddenly there was a flash of bright white light coming through the sigils on Castiel's collar. When I finally removed my hand, there was a burn mark from where my hand had been and I was expecting Castiel to faint in pain but he just sat there and looked at me, expressionless.
"Yes, it's this way." I tell her, pointing deeper into the woods. Thankfully it didn't look to looming and i still had enough strength left inside me to fight off anything that could be a danger to my family. Me and Dean also had out swords just in case out powers were drained from building the wooden cottage that would suffice until i had enough power within me to make it a bit better. We walk for what seems like forever, but it was only about half an hour. Valentina at some point let go of our hands and started walking a bit of a way in front, looking at flowers and talking to... trees? Strange child. Mine and Dean's hands glasp together during the walk and it seemed like in that moment everything was perfect. That was until however we got to the outskirts of the small village by the sea and Dean had to take his hand away from mine. Human's were strange about these sorts of relationships, i never really understood why.
"Fine, Sam! Angels are lower then us, we tell then what to think and what to feel we own then but we don't need them and that's final." I say and nod my head in authority.
“I’ve missed you too.” Castiel replied back, smiling sadly and noticing that Dean’s delicate fingers were still holding onto his chin.
"Your Majesty, we have some more information on- what are you doing?" I had resulted into leaning on the doorframe with my coat handing off my shoulder. ABORT ABORT MISSION! I straightened up and coughed awkwardly, avoiding the angel's gaze.
“You give me whiplash.” I say and he squints his eyes and tilts his head in an adorably confused sort of way. “Never mind, so are you going to tell me how you know about them angels in the alleyway.”
"Now if you don't mind, I'm going to go speak to Leliel. She's probably been worried sick." With that I walk away from my brothers and down the spiral staircase towards my chambers where I knew she would be. Once I entered and smiled at the sight of my chambers being exactly how I left them, the same lavender scent filling my nostrils. However this only reminded me of Dean's chambers and the way he had lavenders in his room. I sniffed and wandered through my chambers, looking for Leliel. I walked into my bedroom and there she was stood looking as beautiful as ever. She was smiling brightly and relief was etched over her beautiful face. Her long golden-white hair flowed down from her head towards her breasts and a golden circlet ran around her head and over her forehead. She was a beautiful black gown flowed elegantly towards the floor, folding along the ground like black water rolls over stones. Her black wings that had bright sparks and stars covering them hung behind her back went spectacularly with her royal gown.
“Fine.” Anna says suddenly and I raise my eyebrows at her. She looks at me and sighed before throwing her arms up in the air dramatically and walking out the great hall for me and King Dean to follow her. I glance at Dean who is still looking at me suspiciously before walking after Anna.
“Dada.” She says more aggressively this time, stamping her little foot and I laugh and shake my head at her.
“He’s a strange one, I have to admit that.” Anna agreed as we storm down the halls. “This is fun; we don’t spend that much time together anymore.”
