Dean suddenly uncurled his tail and stretched out his fins. He made a distressed whine, followed by a series of low clicks as he hugged his tail to himself.
Dean grinned as he palmed Castiel’s growing erection. ‘My pretty little peacock, showing off his pretty little tail,’ he said laughingly as Castiel moaned and arched his back, spreading his wings out. He leaned down and kissed Castiel’s neck.
Gabriel looked up at Sam, wiping his nose on his sleeve. ‘I don’t want you to go,’ he said softly. ‘Besides, Cas’ll know something’s up if you guys leave, too. Bobby and Karen can use a hunt as an excuse, but you guys have to stay here.’
Lucifer sighed and pushed a small tub of black paint toward Adam. ‘Very well. I suppose you’ve earned a turn. It’ll give you a chance to work on your handwriting.’
Gabriel shoved another spoonful of cereal into his mouth before answering Castiel’s silent question. ‘They left super early and took over our Hunt,’ he replied. He swallowed and grinned at Castiel. ‘Something about keeping us out of trouble.’
‘Almost,’ Charlie said distractedly. Her eyes landed on a large tree, and she pointed. ‘Just past that tree! There’s a nice, hidden pool back there.’
About two miles away, Dean was swimming in furious circles around Charlie, clicking and chirping franticly.
Dean had a slightly goofy smile as he spoke to her. Castiel panicked. He needed to get Dean’s attention, and quick, so he thought of something that would be sure to work. He threw everything he had into the link he shared with Dean and was rewarded.
Sam stared down at the broken angel. Castiel could smite three supernatural beings at once. It was unheard of. And he did on
Castiel shook his head with a sigh. ‘No. It’s me. It’s always…me. Apparently, he found out about…’ He trailed off, laughing miserably. ‘It was so
Sam moaned as he kept himself from thrusting up as his cock was surrounded by lightly clenching warmth. Almost immediately, Gabriel began rocking his hips, and Sam thrusted in time. He tugged Gabriel down and kissed him deeply, cutting off Gabriel’s new line of begging.
'Well, not everyone died...,' Sam replied. He didn't want to defend Gabriel, not exactly, but he didn't think Gabriel deserved to die. Gabriel hadn't killed any innocents. 'I mean, the ones that did die, they weren't exactly the nicest guys.'
He reached the middle of the natural pool and looked down, trying to get a clue of where they had gone. He could see Charlie’s tail trailing along in a small circle on the floor, but he couldn’t see Dean. ‘Dean?’ he called out. He yelped as his butt was pinched.
Searaphiel had been forced to retain his human form in Hell—only his wings showing as a reminder of what he truly was. Not once did Alastair cut into Seraphiel's wings. Seraphiel wished he would. He wished his torturer would rip them clean out, remove the reminder of how far he'd fallen and how he could never make up for it. The attentions he bore under the thing that wore his brother’s face eventually broke him. He'd already fallen so far. What was wrong with going a little further? He gave in and took up the knife. The praise he received may not have been anything like what the real Alastair would have given, but it was a soothing balm nonetheless.
As the boys grew older, Sam yearned for a normal life. He wanted a regular job. Get married and have kids. So when he was accepted into college, he left. Little did he know, the demons were waiting for something like this to happen. A pair of demons showed up in his dorm room one night. His girlfriend, Jess, was caught in the crossfire.
As Dean worked on figuring out how his new legs worked, Benny worked around him. Every once in a while, Dean would look up and watch how his human friend moved. For such short, inflexible appendages, legs seemed to provide quite a bit of maneuverability.
‘Thank you, Castiel. It’s too bad you don’t fully control your power,’ Lucifer said. ‘It was a pity what happened to Uriel. You could have saved him so much suffering…’
Karen began to stand when Anna held up a hand. ‘I’ve got it,’ she said as she stood and headed towards the front door.
Dean panicked as Castiel laughed. There was someone else that Castiel was interested in? Who was the fisherman? It couldn’t have been Benny. Benny had no interest in Castiel. His thoughts screeched to halt as he realized that Balthazar was referring to him.
Sam smiled and leaned back down to press a light kiss to Gabriel’s lips. ‘Then that’s what I’ll do.’
Castiel buried his face in his hands, but nodded in agreement. He could feel Dean’s amusement and promises of fixing the cuff’s spellwork. He chanced looking up and found that Sam had gone back to pouring over Dean’s notes, Dean watching over his shoulder, occasionally pointing out some of the changes he was thinking of making. He smiled at the scene before him.
Castiel stared at his reflection in the dirty mirror. The group had stopped at a small truck stop on their way to the hunt. Half the car ride so far had been spent on the Winchesters' new favorite topic: arguing about Castiel's wings. Sam insisted Castiel should hide them and keep a low profile, and Dean just brushed off Sam's opinions. Gabriel had been commanded into silence by an irritated Sam, and Castiel would have preferred to have spent the ride in the trunk.
‘Nah, we’re good. Exactly what we want,’ Balthazar replied. ‘Trust me. For some reason, they like you belligerent.’
‘I’d love that,’ Dean said quietly. He pouted as Castiel pulled away, holding up a finger and smiling.
. He felt like a freshly packed BubbleYum. He let out a contented sigh. There was a rustling movement just to his right. Someone was calling his name. Was it Jimmy? He hoped it was Jimmy. He had trouble turning his head to the sounds. He reached out with his hand and smiled when it was lightly grasped. He forced his eyes opened.
‘Oh, but I am,’ Crowley responded with a smile. ‘I could kill those two boys with no problem, and be lauded a hero. Last of Campbells. Dead, and I’m responsible.’ He pushed off the desk and took a step back as Bobby began to advance on him. ‘I’d make plenty of new friends that way, but I don’t want those sort of allies.’
Dean picked at one of the bandages covering his wrist. He stared into Castiel’s eyes. So many of his nights were spent dreaming of those eyes. Seeing pupils dilated in lust and passion. He was so close to what he wanted, but he couldn’t help but remind himself that Castiel, and possibly countless others, had been tailing him and Sam ever since their mother had died. He liked it better when he had thought it was something new.
Gabriel nodded before tilting up to give Sam a quick peck. ‘Yeah, you guys do seem to go with the flow pretty easily.’
Castiel leaned back and had to let go of Dean to avoid Anna’s looming presence. His wings were folded tightly against his back, as if he could hide them.
Sam looked up at Bobby then to Dean. 'Elm Creek? We were just there,' he said. 'Do you think...do you think Seraphiel was there because of us? Could he be working with Lucifer?'
Castiel slowly turned his attention to Benny. ‘What do you think you’re doing?’ he calmly asked. He frowned as he noticed that the man held a gun. He met Benny’s eyes and raised his chin in defiance. ‘Threaten me all you want. I’m blowing you’re little scheme out of the water. My brother may be an idiot, but I won’t have
‘Ooh, kinky,’ Dean giggled. He pouted when the warm hand was replaced by cold metal. With a ratcheting ‘click,’ Dean’s hand was cuffed to the side of his bed. He gave Castiel a doubtful look. ‘I
Sam moved around the table to stand behind Gabriel. ‘It’s not a big deal,’ he said as he laid his hands on Gabriel’s shoulders. He felt relief as Gabriel relaxed against his touch. ‘If you wanna sleep in your own room, that’s fine. I don’t mind. Really. It’s a lot to get used to.’
‘But I like watching you squirm,’ Sam said as he turned Gabriel to face him. ‘You do it to me. Why can’t I do it to you?’
‘Oh, Cas,’ Anna said with a patronizing tone. ‘I’m just introducing myself to Dean. Can’t one Hunter talk to another without their angels getting jealous?’ She smiled kindly at Castiel and turned her attention back to Dean. ‘So, as I was saying—‘
Balthazar’s hand came into view, and Castiel followed its path up. He held his breath as Balthazar reached out and cupped his cheek. His heart pounded rapidly in his chest, and nimble fingers ghosted over his lips. He opened his mouth slightly and moaned at the taste of Balthazar’s skin. A smile tugged at his lips. Maybe being stuck in Bora Bora wouldn’t be so bad. Instantly, the fingers were gone, and he focused on Balthazar’s face. He recognized the disappointed look. It was the same look he got when they had broken up.
‘Well, I know where the hotel is, so I can drop you on their front porch. How’s that sound?’ Benny said as he headed to the helm.
Castiel rubbed at his legs where Muffin had dug in his claws. He had stood up, momentarily forgetting the cat in his lap. He sighed as he began looking through Gabriel’s suitcases, not bothering to put anything back. He needed to find that contract and either tear it to pieces or find a way out. After half an hour of searching, he had found no trace of the contract.
‘I see… Very well. Gather the others and double the guard on this floor and the floors above and below us.’ Lucifer looked at Castiel and tilted his head. ‘Can your brother reach this room from where he currently is?’
are you?’ he asked, crossing his arms as he threw a glare at Dean’s hands on his brother’s shoulders. The last thing his brother needed was someone taking advantage of his fragile state.
Charlie had somehow managed to escape the Novak room with her sanity and her life intact. She had been helping Castiel to set up his new laptop and get connected to the Wi-Fi. Castiel wasn’t the problem. He was the perfect, silent observer. He didn’t micromanage, ask stupid questions, or try to take over halfway through. Gabriel, on the other hand…
Castiel looked at the table Dean had been hiding behind. It was riddled with bullets. He raised his brow at Dean. ‘Yes, I can see that.’
‘I’m not—’ Crowley stopped himself and let out an annoyed breath. ‘Maybe if your klepto of a boyfriend wouldn’t eye the dining utensils like they were jewelry, I wouldn’t be worried.’
Sam sat on the edge of the pier, shaking his head. ‘He wasn’t in his right mind. You can do what you want with him when he’s sober. Er…in his right mind. Look, the fact that you were on top of him with your fins…’ He trailed off with a sigh. ‘You probably won’t understand this, but…he’s a marine biologist. He studies fish. If he were to find out about you…us…’
Castiel stared back a Dean. Bloodied bodies were scattered around him, and he currently held a man by the neck. His hand was frozen halfway, knife poised to dive into the man’s gut.
With a wave of his hand, Castiel lowered the flames. He stepped into the room, and Seraphiel struggled to stand. He watched sadly as Seraphiel scurried away and huddled against the wall. He approached the vessel and knelt down, giving it all his attention as he placed his hand on it. He looked up when he heard the soft click of claws on the floor. He smiled reassuringly at Seraphiel’s curious look.
Castiel caught himself on the scaly, green tail and gasped as he felt muscles move beneath his hand. ‘W-what…’ He reached out with his other hand and touched Dean’s raised fin. Dean let out soft whine, and Castiel gently wrapped his fingers around the fin. It felt like the skin of a dolphin. His breath caught as he felt a pulse beat beneath his fingers. ‘This…this is…’
‘But I would think that you’d all have a more camouflaged look,’ Castiel said as he lined his tape measure up with one of the longer spines at the base of Charlie’s back. ‘It makes more sense. How else would you be able to sustain multiple populations and never be seen?’
‘Are you still okay with kissing me?’ Dean asked quietly. He was answered by a soft kiss and a tongue lightly massaging his lips. He whined at the loss of warmth. ‘So that’s a yes,’ he said in relief. At least he’d ba able to carry out a proper mating ritual later—once Castiel lost interest in mapping out his body in a decidedly not fun way. He blinked in confusion when he noticed that Castiel was staring at his crotch.
Gabriel was on his way back into the dining room when the lobby door opened, revealing Charlie. He thinned his lips as he stared at her. ‘I still don’t know what to make of you,’ he said.
‘Lucifer’s forces knew she was Michael’s main squeeze, so they targeted her,’ he replied. ‘We have the offices and a few buildings full of apartments, each warded against specific creatures. They caught her when she left the main building… They tortured her and killed her.’ He sighed as he shook his head. ‘I was too late. Lucifer’s not a demon, so…at least the torture was minimal.’
After the last page was signed, Karen handed over several sets of keys and pointed to the right. ‘Just head on down that hall and up the stairs. Your rooms are the first three on the right. Dinner will be served at seven in the dining room, which is through that door,’ she said, pointing to the door on the left. ‘Don’t be afraid to ask for anything.’
‘You’ll be fine,’ Sam called back from the bathroom. He leaned over the edge of the tub and tried to catch Gabriel’s eye as the other passed in front of the door. ‘The boat won’t capsize, and you’re not gonna fall in. And even if you did, I’d just jump right in and save you.’
He heard the rumors from some of his demon contacts. His Grace was far too contaminated for them to recognize him for what he truly was, and a few well-learned tricks over the years had ensured any new encounters saw him as human. Any who refused to speak with Dean Winchester could be convinced to  speak with whoever he happened to bodysnatch.
He sighed and shoved his hands in his pockets. 'We should get going before it gets too dark,' he said as he walked past Sam.
With Dean touching him, Castiel could feel the desperation and loss coming from the Hunter. The willingness to make everything work. He tried to shut it out, to not be swayed by what he was feeling. ‘Please let go,’ he whispered.
For two days, Dean spent all of his spare time tearing through old books and researching online. Occasionally, Castiel would sit nearby, watching in silence. Dean would grab Castiel’s wrist and examine the spellwork on the cuff. Each time, the contact would send a small thrill through Castiel, and Dean would feel it as well. But Dean couldn’t linger on the feeling, he
Dean hadn't noticed that Anna had managed to procure her Grace from Uriel. As she screamed for them to shut their eyes, Dean watched her change from an empty shell to a full-fledged angel. Unfamiliar wings formed, and her holy essence burned through her mortal body.
‘What are calipers?’ Dean leaned back and gave Castiel a wary and uncertain stare. There was something about the smile he was receiving that he didn’t particularly like.
‘The whole…mermaid…fish…er, person…thing,’ Castiel elaborated. ‘I know we already talked about it, and I’m fine with it… I think… But it’s…it’s kinda a big deal.’
sending it, you can just hand deliver it.’ Gabriel moaned quietly as Sam’s hand lightly touched his knee and moved up his thigh. ‘Mm… You’re definitely spending the night with me…’
know about it is because Cas walked in on Crowley watching it so many times, he’s pretty much seen the whole thing! And who does he bitch to about it? Me!’
‘Wouldn’t have been as satisfying,’ she distractedly replied. ‘There’s a couple news vans out there…’
Castiel looked down at Dean. ‘I’m staying at the hotel over there,’ he said, pointing. ‘Room number twenty-one. My door’ll be unlocked.’
Dean nodded in amusement before looking at the screen. There he saw a picture of a human dressed up as the cartoon mermaid, but she was nowhere near as plain. She had long, red hair accented with pearls and shells, dramatic makeup, sparkling violet shells on her chest, and the most uncomfortable pair of boots that Dean had ever seen. He wondered how she managed to keep her balance in the spiked green shoes. But out of everything, the skirt caught Dean’s attention. It was a shimmering green with hints of purple. It trailed after the human for a good five feet in waves of light ruffles. To Dean, it was as if someone had translated a mermaid’s tail into human clothing. It was short in front and revealed long legs that looked as if they had scales painted on them.
‘N-no!! I won’t—hah! Won’t betray Dean! Never!!’ Castiel glared up at Lucifer, his eyes glowing brightly. He reached out with his hand, intent on smiting the other angel.
‘I-it’s not what you think,’ Jimmy insisted. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. He needed to keep his head about him and not let Dean distract him. Even if he hadn’t been trained nor briefed on his current situation, he would not fail. He was better than that.
‘You what?! Seriously? You’re not fucking me, are you?’ Gabriel stared up at Sam. He hoped Sam was being honest.
Crowley pulled out a sheet that displayed one of the upper floors. ‘Seventh floor, northeast corner,’ he said, tapping on the outline of the room. ‘Gabriel’s is on his left, mine is on his right.’
Dean narrowed his eyes as Jimmy tried to pull away. ‘Don’t you be drawing attention to us,’ he warned.
Dean reached over and ruffled Castiel's hair. 'Nothin' to be sorry about,' he said with a big grin. He moved his hand lower and gave Castiel's wings a light scratch.
,’ he bit out hatefully. He rolled onto his side so that he faced the wall. At that moment, he couldn’t stand being human. He wanted the familiarity of the water flowing over his fins. At least in the water, he knew what was expected of him. He sighed as a soft knock broke the silence.
The next stop was the liquor store. As Dean parked his Impala, he turned to face Castiel with an uncertain look. ‘Uh… Are you old enough to drink? Sorry, I never really thought to ask before.’
‘Shh… It’ll be fine,’ Dean cooed as he hugged Castiel’s legs. ‘We’ll grow old together and shrivel up into little…wrinkly…things. And get grey hair together and go bald…and have really bad eyes.’ He smiled as Castiel lifted his head, still a picture of pure misery.
He surfaced beneath the bungalow and felt his fins stretch into an aggressive pose when he heard Balthazar’s voice. He shook his head as he neared the edge of the deck. He really had it bad. He had never raised his fins for a fight. Never felt the need. He knew his place. But his place among humanity was different. He wasn’t the bottom of the barrel. He wasn’t just a fling to pass the time.
‘Well, I just passed him in the hall, and he uh…went on and on about how it’s your fault he got fired… After he flirted with me,’ Samandriel said before picking up his glass of water. ‘He said he won’t be joining us for dinner.’
Gabriel stared at Sam as he remembered how they had gotten on this line of thought. ‘You sure about that? As of two hours ago, I have that room all to myself. No prying eyes… No interruptions… Just you and me getting to know each other better.’
be happier? Up until five minutes ago, you wanted nothin’ to do with those two,’ Dean pointed out. ‘Just ‘cuz you’re getting whatever sort of vibes off of me, don’t mean you know what I’m thinkin’.’
Sam smiled and nodded, relaxing a bit as he looked down. He prepped another cotton ball and took Gabriel’s hand into his own. He slowly swabbed the small cuts, expecting Gabriel to jerk away every time he touched a cut with the alcohol. But Gabriel remained perfectly still and didn’t make a peep. Sam finished and pulled out a box of gauze. He glanced up and swallowed at the intense stare Gabriel was giving him. ‘Uh…’
The door that Sam and Dean had disappeared into opened, and Castiel breathed a sigh of relief. He caught Dean’s confused stare, and Dean smiled as he pushed past Sam. ‘I hope you haven’t been tormenting your brother,’ Castiel said when Dean stood in front of him.
Dean ignored Sam’s protests and pulled himself up so that he was once again peeking over the edge at Castiel. ‘Right here,’ he said with a smile. ‘I uh…slipped.’
Castiel met Balthazar’s eyes. ‘It’s nothing. Just…college hijinks I thought I had managed to leave behind.’
‘And Bobby… Bobby just laughed,’ she said. ‘We managed to save the more important books, but everything else? Gone. I was cryin’, helpless as could be, wailing on about how I just wanted to cook a bad pie!’ She laughed, and her wings spread out, making Dean duck. ‘The next day, Bobby got me five cookbooks. Said I should learn to cook good before tryin’ to cook bad.’
‘The panic room needs to be prepped,’ Dean said, rubbing at his neck. ‘He needs to get it out of his system. Cold turkey’s the best way.’
‘But it’s so fresh,’ Charlie said as she poured herself some orange juice. ‘We’ve got a couple tourists and fishermen as witnesses. Most of the episode is gonna be filler narration. Look at this pretty island. Here’s what we think the sea monster looks like. Ooh…’ She waved her hands around for emphasis and rolled her eyes.
Sam followed Dean’s gaze. ‘Yeah… I don’t know when they’re planning on filming,’ Sam said. ‘They’ve booked their rooms until the end of next month.’
‘What…?’ Dean glanced around then covered his head with his arms as the bulbs broke and the window shattered. ‘What the fuck?!’
‘Hey. I know this guy, Zachariah. Okay looking, but not exactly gonna be winning any beauty pageants. Way off the deep end on documentaries. In person, he’s normal. Still believes everything he says in interviews, but he totally plays it up for the camera. We’re not actors, but we’re still in show business,’ Gabriel said. ‘My looks may have played in my favor for getting my own show, but I got
Balthazar stopped at the top of the stairs and slowly turned to give Gabriel the most withering gaze he could muster. ‘Yes. That’s
A large bottle was thrust in front of him, and Castiel looked up to give Gabriel a dirty look. ‘I’m busy, Gabriel,’ he said. ‘I will
‘I haven’t been told to stop. What I do in my spare time is my business. As long as I get my assignments done, I can do whatever.’ Gabriel chewed on his lower lip as he stared at Sam. ‘Is this…is this okay? Do you want me to stop?’
, we head to the magical isle of Bora Bora! What secrets are hidden beneath the lush forest and pristine waters? Tune in and find out!’
Karen closed the door to the kitchen, smiling to herself. She saw Bobby enter the dining room and waved him over. ‘Listen!’ she whispered, nodding to the door.
‘Hmm… Excrement? Sludge? Fish guts?’ Castiel rattled off, his mind already running wild with the possibilities. ‘I’ve been dowsed in chum before. I think I can handle whatever it is.’
Castiel stared at his drink for few moments, his stomach clenching. If he told Balthazar what had happened, there was a good chance that Balthazar would tell Gabriel. And if Gabriel found out… Well, that would be just another reason for his brother to insist on keeping him close and protected. He downed the rest of his wine and pulled Balthazar’s glass toward himself before speaking.
‘No…uh… It’s this flap of skin over the head of the penis that uh…in some traditions will be cut off. You don’t have a foreskin,’ Castiel explained. ‘I could probably get Balthazar to show you, but then he would wonder why…’
Castiel groaned and sank to the ground. He tried to fight the order, panting as his wings slowly spread out. He let out a choked sob as the pain stopped, his wings fully extended. He curled in on himself, feeling exposed.
‘No!’ Castiel shot upright. He gasped for breath as he looked wildly around the kitchen. He had fallen asleep at the kitchen table listening to Karen’s humming. He flinched when Karen set a slice of cherry pie in front of him.
Jimmy bit off a moan and gripped Dean tighter. ‘I… Please, don’t worry about it,’ he said softly, letting Dean guide him across the dance floor. He had been trained for physical torture, but not
Dean opened his eyes to find Jimmy silently standing next to his bed. ‘You came back,’ he whispered with a slight grin. He reached out and sighed when Jimmy took his hand.
thick,’ Gabriel said lewdly. He squeaked in surprise as Sam pulled his legs up and ground hard against his ass. ‘Oh…fuck…’
‘He was human. Supernatural creatures aren’t important,’ Castiel explained. ‘They don’t count. They’re expendable. Like light bulbs. There’s always another handful waiting around the corner.’
Castiel bit his lip and straightened. He turned to leave, but Dean’s hold tightened, and he soon found himself being pulled onto the bed. One hand rested behind his neck as an arm wrapped around his waist, holding him down. He stared down at Dean in shock. The drowsy look in Dean’s eyes was gone, replaced by wakeful clarity.
‘That tattoo! Is it real? Please tell me that’s fake,’ Gabriel said as he advanced on Castiel. He grabbed Castiel’s shoulders and forced him to stay put. He examined the elaborate set of wings inked onto his brother’s back. The wings bled onto the back of his arms, the longest feather touching the tip of his elbow.
‘Dean—’ Before Sam could say anything else, Dean was gone. He sighed hopelessly and looked to Gabriel. ‘I’m sure it’ll all work out,’ he said and wrapped his arms around the angel.
The floor beneath him creaked ominously. He tried not to breathe as he slowly got to his hands and knees. When nothing happened, he started to crawl forward. It was then that the floor gave way.
‘Bobby and I can go,’ Karen said. ‘We’ve got a good reputation among Hunters. And I haven’t heard anything bad about us from other angels.’
Castiel nodded. ‘I’m prone to having accidents with those who are evil or wish me to suffer,’ he said. He looked to Dean and gave a shy, uncertain smile. ‘Remember? I explained it…albeit not very well…’
Sam shook his head and glanced back up at Gabriel. ‘Don’t I wish. No. You can book a room through our site or other travel sites, but it’s a fixed price. We’ll usually work with you if you actually call or email us. Uh… That’s how you guys got such a good deal. I think we were the third place that uh…Alfie tried.’
When he got back,it was to find out that Ruby was ‘missing.’ Well, there was part one of Sam's grand plan. He hoped he wouldn’t have too long to wait to play his own part.
Sam crawled up along Gabriel’s body and pushed him back down against the mattress. ‘Glad to be of service,’ he said before kissing the man beneath him.
Castiel shrugged. ‘I’m not dead yet,’ he said. ‘It’s the love spell that doesn’t work.’ He grimaced and mentally berated himself for mentioning the spell.
Dean growled in frustration. He sat on the floor in front of Castiel and stared at the angel, wondering what he should do. Castiel looked so broken. It was depressing to see, and he knew he was the cause of it. And he just seemed to be making it worse.
‘He’ll be right as rain in the morning,’ Crowley replied. ‘Close to okay in a few hours. I wouldn’t leave him unattended, though. The more he talks, then better he gets. He just needs to work it out and get some sleep.’
Balthazar groaned and let his head fall to the table with a dull thunk. ‘I’m impulsive,’ he said defensively.
Gabriel kept his legs straight as he bent over to rub his sore knees. His hands hurt, too. And his knees were beginning to feel wet. He blinked as he pulled his hands away from his knees, revealing both to be coated in blood. He sighed in irritation as he made fists, sending a little jolt of pain through his palms. He straightened and looked over to the desk, catching Sam’s wide eyes and bright blush. He frowned as his mind failed to supply a reason for Sam’s reaction. He held up his hands, revealing his wounds. ‘You got a Band-Aid?’
‘Bad news, you lost a shirt…’ He looked over to the other bed and the pile of equipment. ‘Good news…uh…you won’t have to worry about your love triangle because you’ll be dead.’
With that thought, he tugged down Gabriel’s boxers to get to the rest of the tape and weapons. Gabriel’s pubic hair was very neatly groomed. Sam shook his head and smiled as he removed the last holster that rested about his hips. He replaced Gabriel’s clothes and settled on the chair next to the door. He pulled out his phone and pulled up a book.
Castiel’s stomach dropped at the confession, and he closed his eyes. He shouldn’t have been so selfish. He shouldn’t have ripped Dean out of Heaven. Even unknowingly. That was no excuse.
Castiel looked down and shuffled his feet. He was well aware that he was on the boring side. It was why he'd asked for advice in the first place. Gabriel seemed to think he was testing the cuff's bond. He didn't really want Gabriel to know the truth, but it was too late now.
Dean sighed and looked at Castiel. ‘It doesn’t matter anymore. What’s done is done. Let’s just… Can we not say anything about it?’
‘Sam. I know what I’m doing,’ Dean said calmly. ‘I’m chasing a mate, and I’m tryin’ to do it as human as I can. I can use any help you’re willin’ to give.’
‘Then I guess I won’t be sending you any fanmail,’ Sam said as he slid off the bench and settled next to Gabriel.
‘As do you,’ Crowley said. ‘And I don’t believe drag fits into that image. Not if you go by your ex’s reaction to your behavior the other night.’
Dean tore his eyes away from the stair landing and looked at his brother. ‘Uh… Cas has been acting…weird. Since this morning.’
‘We need stuff that looks like you would actually find a sea monster here,’ Balthazar explained. ‘Good example: Loch Ness Monster equals lots of castles.’
Meg stood and approached Castiel. She reached up and ruffled his hair. ‘C’mon, don’t be like that.’ She leaned in despite the glare she received from Dean. ‘Why don’t you just jump him?’ she asked quietly.
A month had passed since Dean’s close call. Now, the two brothers were on assignment in Italy. It was a simple assignment: meet up with their contact and get the unpublicized blueprints on their next target.
‘It’s okay, Castiel,’ Lucifer whispered. ‘I forgive you for your little outburst. It’s quite understandable.’ He stood and stared down at Castiel for a moment before heading to the door. He opened it and waved in a pair of angels holding up a struggling demon.
They swam to the shore and lounged with their tails still in the water. Charlie busied herself with applying sunblock while Castiel measured her fins.
Dean smiled back. ‘Nice favor,’ he replied. He chuckled as he watched Castiel’s wings slowly fade back to black. ‘Hey, you’re wings are going back to normal!’
just after talking to your mother,’ Jody said. She lightly touched Crowley’s shoulder and smiled—all traces of teasing gone.
Sam shook his head dismissively. ‘I thought it’d be the best way. Seemed to match your big personality.’
It was over, even if Uriel didn't want it to be. Castiel held Uriel back from attacking Dean, and Dean let out an exhausted sigh after the two angels left. He didn't know what to think. He was torn between being happy for Anna and wanting to scream. She got her Grace back. She would be able to go home. Dean, on the other hand, was stuck on Earth. Stuck on Earth and called upon for some holy mission no one wanted to tell him about.
In the back of his mind, he wondered how Gabriel would take finding out that his cabana boy was a merman. It would probably be a dream come true for his brother. Maybe he could convince Gabriel to let him get some measurements. His thoughts were cut off as Dean’s lips made their way down the back of his neck.
He tilted his hips and earned a pleasured hiss from the man beneath him. ‘And everyone knows I say stupid shit all the time, so don’t worry a—oh!’ His thoughts were cut short as Sam yanked him forward for a kiss and thrust into him fully in one swift movement. He gasped and cried out as Sam helped him upright, not stopping in his thrusting. ‘O-oh… Mm! F-fuck! There, oh, God! Don’t stop! Nngh!’
Dean lifted Castiel’s chin and stared into his eyes. ‘I want you to stay the night with me,’ he said softly.
It didn't stop there. Castiel kept making slightly sexual comments, but it seemed like he didn't quite understand just what he was saying. It was driving Dean insane.
Castiel nodded and forced his arms to his sides. He looked around the salvage yard and internally groaned. Everyone was outside with their eyes glued to him. Dean and Gabriel offered him encouraging smiles. ‘Uh…must everyone be out here?’ he asked quietly.
He didn’t know if he should be upset, flattered, or embarrassed for Gabriel. He recalled what Dean had told him about what Bobby had said about the Angel Corp agents. He couldn’t bring himself to be angry at Gabriel. The way Dean had made it sound, and from the way Castiel acted, the agents didn’t really understand what was and was not socially acceptable or expected.
'Ghosts usually stick around longer,' Sam said distractedly. 'Dean and I, we have to fight them off with salt rounds and iron, normally. And even that won't keep them away for long.'
Gabriel looked over the edge of the bed to where Sam had thrown the pants in question. They were twisted beyond recognition and stained in cum. ‘Yeah… I have another pair I can wear. Or we can just do close-ups and whatnot. Either way, it’s not a problem.’
Dean stared at Karen. ‘Fall off? No, he… He took it off himself a while ago, but it never fell off. Um, why?’
Dean stared at the wings, not really sure where to begin or what to do. They looked immaculate. With unkempt hair and a rumpled suit, Dean would have thought Castiel’s wings should have been a mess, too. Even with Castiel’s wings in pristine condition, Dean didn’t want to waste the open invitation.
With a heavy sigh, Sam moved to his bedroom door. He wished he had the same confidence and trust that Dean and Charlie had. He entered his room and readied himself. With each piece of clothing that came off, the faster his heart beat.
Bobby frowned as Sam nodded in agreement. ‘Guess that makes sense. Comin’ from a smaller town, everyone thought we were crazy when me and Karen left for Bora Bora.’ He stretched his back, pulling a few cracks from it. ‘I’ll leave you two to get reacquainted,’ he said as he headed toward the hallway with the rooms.
'Right...' Dean wouldn't have described himself as such. 'Anyway, back to the tour. We only have one TV, but you'll have to fight Karen for the remote. Word of advice: Don't.'
‘Well…not really.’ Gabriel shifted uncomfortably. ‘He’s not looking to go to school here, if he told you that. He…he does actually like you, but…I don’t know how long that’ll last.’
Gabriel tossed the phone to Dean. He smirked at Castiel's bowed head. He had never seen anyone blush so hard.
Castiel took Dean’s hand off the mouse and held it. ‘You need sleep,’ he insisted. ‘You can continue your search in the morning.’
Gabriel bit his lip as the thought of his photo collection popped in his mind. He was really regretting his plan for getting Castiel laid. He had never thought it would have backfired like this. He sunk to the floor as Sam came a little closer. ‘Stay
Sam’s shoulders slumped. ‘Well…the spell hasn’t been changed in…centuries. This is…it’s like a new discovery. We can make things better. For you, Cas, Karen…for all angels. No more hiding. No more being treating as less than human.’
Gabriel sighed heavily and nodded before heading into the dining room. ‘Thanks,’ he said quietly, making sure the rest of the crew couldn’t hear. ‘I’m good to go if you’re ready to break him.’
‘You never… Oh.’ Dean laughed uncomfortably and rubbed the back of his neck as he looked away. ‘Well, I guess you did find uh…Goldy-green pretty early.’
Castiel pulled Dean’s hand closer to his face and examined it. ‘And what is it? Is it more like spit, nasal mucus, or vaginal fluids?’ he asked as he sniffed at Dean’s fingers.
Dean’s jaw dropped when he entered the small building. Whereas the Singer Hotel had a cozy feel to it, this felt… Dean didn’t have a word for it. He could only think of it as not being lived in. It looked nice, but it smelled…weird. He walked further into the room, and his leg brushed against something soft. He tripped, and Castiel caught him.
‘She knows,’ Castiel said quietly as he let Muffin scramble back onto Dean’s lap. He snorted in disgust as he shook his head. ‘Of course she knows.
His eyes darted around, looking for something he could use. He noticed a dark haired man heading in his direction. For a moment, Dean was struck by how attractive he found the man. It was a shame he wouldn’t be able to hit him up for a drink. His mind formed a plan. A pretty stupid plan, but a plan nonetheless. He had seen it done a hundred times in the movies and on TV. It probably wouldn’t work, but at least he’d get to go down kissing a sexy stranger.
'Why would I be mad?' He wasn't mad, per se, just... Well, maybe annoyed. Irritated. If he was mad, he was mad at himself. Wrong place, wrong time. His lead on the Trickster had led him nowhere, and here was Sam, lounging about their motel room with an Archangel.
Gabriel grinned widely at Sam's back. 'I certainly hope it was before,' he said as he caught up. 'Banging a corpse wouldn't be fun. Unless you're into that. Are you into that?'
‘Well, you do have the dress for it,’ Dean said with a cheeky grin. ‘My pretty princess,’ he said with a laugh as he hugged Castiel close and kissed his neck.
Castiel nodded to himself and sent the email on its way. Now, maybe he could get some actual work done. He still had about fifty sound files of whale songs to catalog before he could start on the dolphins.
Tightly clutching the side of the door, he poked his head out into the fresh air and bright sun. He cursed as he was forced to shut his eyes against the light, hoping that no one was out there waiting for him. He blinked rapidly as his eyes teared up. There was no sign of Sam. That was good, right?
Dean stood and picked up a light, plaid shirt from the bag of clothes that Benny had gotten him. ‘Yep. Big uh…building. Hotel. Why do you guys live in such big places, anyway?’
Karen smiled at him and glanced over his shoulder to the doorway. ‘Why don’t you and Castiel help his father get settled? I’ll finish up in here.’
‘I’m sure Dean would love that,’ Sam muttered. ‘But, no. I kinda wanna keep an eye on him for at least
Dean frowned as he processed who he was staring at. It wasn’t Jimmy. He let his disappointment show and pulled his hand away. ‘Go ‘way, Sam,’ he slurred.
Sam bit back an apology and chose to stroke Gabriel’s hair instead. ‘Dean’s good at adjusting. He managed to fool you
‘I guess you’ll be needing something to tie it with, too,’ Benny said as he bent down and pulled a small drill bit from the toolbox.
He swam up and floated a few feet below the surface. He scanned the area, but found nothing. Whatever he was chasing was smart. He checked how much time he had left, and it wasn’t much. He was surprised to find that he had spent the past half hour chasing the strange creature. He gave the area another once over and swam down to check around the reef. He found nothing.
Rahiti looked at Gabriel, then back at Samandriel when Gabriel pointed at the PA. ‘I suppose it could have been a dark blue, but it certainly looked black. It is hard to recall… It turned on us. A dark shadow under the water… It charged our small boat.’
Gabriel nodded solemnly as he followed the brothers down the new set of stairs. Once in the cellar, he looked around. He tried to feel where the ghost was originating from, but was having no luck. He shook his head in defeat. 'We'll have to wait for another pass.'
Sam frowned as his mind supplied a small bit of information Bobby had told him the other day. ‘Oh, my God…
‘You don’t even know what I said!’ Adam shot back, pushing himself up. ‘For all you know, I’m talking about baseball.’
‘God, I wanna paint your freckles,’ Castiel muttered before dipping in to kiss Dean’s cheek. ‘Your eyes.’ He placed a kiss next to Dean's eye. ‘Your neck,’ he whispered then licked the length of Dean’s neck, drawing out a soft moan. He giggled as he pulled back. ‘And your lips.’ He nipped and sucked at Dean’s lips before settling back, staring at Dean’s chest in silence.
Castiel stared at Sam in response. He knew next to nothing on how Hunter and angel etiquette worked, but he was pretty sure he didn't have to respond to anyone but his bound Hunter. Not even his Hunter's brother.
After a short hike, they found themselves standing at the entrance of a partially hidden cave. Dean readied his flare gun and stepped forward.
When Dean asked Karen if Gabriel's behavior was 'some sort of angel-thing,' Karen banned him from the kitchen. So he tried asking Bobby if Karen had been like Gabriel. Bobby considered the question before answering.
fine. He was about to head in Dean’s direction when he felt a flicker of emotion through the cuff’s connection. He stiffened and began breathing heavily. His father really was on top of things, sending
‘How about we agree that we’re all adults and no one needs to be threatened,’ Sam said. His eyes drifted back to Dean and Castiel, and he frowned as Dean’s arms traveled lowered on Castiel’s back. ‘Yet.’
‘Did you see it?’ Castiel asked distractedly, running his fingers over the scales. They were like nothing he’d ever seen.
‘Are you done? Are you ready?’ he asked, staring at Castiel’s bright red lips. ‘Fuck, you look so hot. Wanna kiss you so bad,’ he said as he ran his hands up and down Castiel’s thighs and gently pushed his knees apart.
Castiel nodded, pushing off the doorjamb and taking the empty chair next to Dean. ‘Yes. Everything is…sorted,’ he replied.
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to steady his breathing. He was having a hard time of it. With each breath, a new worry would come to the forefront of his mind. His greying hair, his well-meaning, but idiotic brother, his sulking ex-boyfriend… He twitched away as soft fur brushed against his back. At least Muffin liked Dean, and Dean liked Muffin.
‘Sir, I wholeheartedly think this is a bad idea. You shouldn’t let him get away with so much. He’ll start thinking he’s a person,’ Azazel argued, leaning over Lucifer’s desk. ‘Lucifer, you put me in charge of his wellbeing. After the last one—’
‘It was nice knowin’ ya,’ bro,’ Gabriel said as he held Castiel at arms’ length. ‘I regret to inform you that I won’t be able to make it to your funeral.’
‘Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?’ Gabriel propped his cheek in his hand as he stared, grinning, at Sam.
Dean had originally started kissing Jimmy because he could hear someone approaching, but, now, with Jimmy’s hand in his hair and Jimmy’s tongue lightly stroking his lips… He ground his hips against Jimmy’s and nipped at the other spy’s tongue. ‘What’s your name?’ he asked as he placed kisses along Jimmy’s jaw.
! All the lies, how he tortured vampires for fun, how he was in it for the money, and not to help humans,' Castiel cried. 'I just wanted the feeling gone. I wanted the evil gone... I didn't mean to
Dean looked up from unzipping his shorts and grinned. ‘I’m good, too,’ he said, letting his eyes trail down Castiel’s body.
‘Crowley has worked very hard at keeping the world from knowing that he’s a simple Scotsman,’ Castiel explained, earning a glare from the man in question.
Sam sighed as he leaned back into Gabriel. ‘Yeah, but…it shouldn’t be this hard. Well, maybe with Cas, but…not with you.’
Castiel squeaked and almost dropped the remote. No one, other than family, had ever touched his wings before. He didn't think anyone even wanted to. The few other angels he had met always stared at his wings and did their best to avoid him. He turned to look at Dean, but found himself alone. He sighed and fiddled with the remote in his hands. A soft ringing drew his attention to his pocket. He turned off the TV and set down the remote before fishing out the cellphone. 'Hello, Father.'
‘Who’s the loser angel with the mullet?’ Gabriel asked through a mouthful of popcorn from his place on the floor in front of Castiel’s legs. Gabriel and Castiel had rarely left each other’s side after being reunited, going so far as to spend some nights huddled together on the couch rather than in their respective Hunter’s bed.
Castiel’s heart was beating wildly. He couldn’t focus. Everything was closing in on him and growing dim. The lights in the kitchen shattered, and he bolted.
They returned to the rest of the group, and Anna approached Crowley. ‘They’re expecting us,’ she said. ‘We found one of Lucifer’s angels, Uriel, in electrical. He was…half-smote.’
‘He means he takes better care of the cat than himself,’ Crowley explained. ‘Castiel tends to put others before himself. When he remembers.’
Sam ran after Gabriel. From the angel's expletives and shouts, he gathered that Dean and Castiel were in trouble. He was surprised at how swift and agile Gabriel actually was. He was having trouble keeping up. He refrained from asking Gabriel to slow down, knowing it would only make the angel even more frantic.
‘It’s where he’s from,’ Castiel replied. ‘His accent. I’d say you’re…mostly Midwestern. Did you watch a lot of Westerns?’
The house was dark except for a flickering light coming from the living room. Thinking the boys had fallen asleep in front of the TV again, Karen went to turn it off.
‘Yeah… Sorry. He, uh…confiscated it when I told him about it. Apparently, he mixed it up with another disc,’ Balthazar explained.
Gabriel swallowed and forced himself to move, the worry in Sam’s voice driving him forward. He entered the bathroom and found Sam sitting in the bathtub, partially turned and staring up at him apprehensively. He sat on the toilet and let his eyes travel over Sam’s chest and stomach, following the path of his tail as it curved over the edge of the tub and along its base. The fins moved slightly under his gaze, despite being pressed close to Sam’s body.
Benny was enjoying himself, lounging in his foldup lawn chair and fishing quietly. He jumped when he heard a loud thump come from the stern. He sighed wearily as he set his fishing pole aside and turned to look at Dean. ‘I thought you had someone else to bother,’ he said. ‘Or did it turn sour?’
Dean hated that he couldn't keep this lowly angel out of his head. Had he really become this powerless? This...
Bobby and Karen had been bound to each other for many years. He had found her when he was eighteen. At a movie theater of all places. The white shawl she wore that night fooled the other patrons, but not Bobby.
Castiel stopped in his tracks and pulled his wings in tightly. He stared up at Dean's questioning gaze. 'I-I'm sorry. It was an accident. I didn't...' He looked down, clenching his hands into fists. 'I didn't mean to kill him,' he said quickly.
Dean pulled himself up onto the pier. After a small struggle, he managed to get into a sitting position with his tail trailing back into the water. He stretched out his primary and secondary fins, showing off new tears. ‘This,’ he said, ‘would have been a lot worse if Benny hadn’t killed that jerk.’
Castiel’s breaths came quickly as he hugged himself. Through his distraction, he didn’t even fight the cuff’s pull. ‘They know! They know about me, and they’re gonna come after me.’
Dean rolled his eyes as he got into the passenger seat. ‘Yeah, yeah. I got the file,’ he replied. He pulled a flashdrive from his pocket and waved it at Sam. ‘No thanks to you.’
Gabriel shrugged, looking up at the sky. ‘Well…’ He shook his head, despite the fact that his photograph of the sea serpent was sitting on his nightstand. ‘No. Nothing yet. But I’m hoping!’ he said with a big smile.
Sam’s eyes widened at the winged emblem poking out from behind Gabriel’s fingers. It was the same design that was on the cufflink Dean had shown him. Anger boiled up inside him, and he stalked up to Gabriel.
Castiel raised his eyes to Balthazar. ‘About…the drinking. The hustling. The arrests. Everything. I didn’t think you would understand. There’s…a lot more, too.’
Dean set his shorts under a bush before jumping out into the shallow water. He had found that keeping his legs together and swimming helped ease the itching burn of the change. He winced as muscles shifted and bones separated.
Castiel shook his head and kept his distance. ‘No, it’s not. I should have kept a better eye on you, but… I find myself watching
Muffin darted away at the sudden outburst, digging his claws into Dean’s leg to get a good momentum. Dean hissed softly and pulled up the edge of his shorts to inspect the thin, red lines. It didn’t look like much, but it hurt a lot more than he thought it should. His mind supplied him with the image of Castiel’s arm, littered with tiny scars. He made himself a note to kiss every single one of them. He was drawn from his thoughts as Castiel continued to speak.
Dean shrugged as he flicked his tail back and forth. ‘I showed up a few times, and he never made any attempt to catch me. Just started calling me “Dean.” He’d talk to me, play the radio. Then he gave me his little TV,’ he said with fondness. ‘He was trying to distract me so he could fish without me getting in the way. Apparently, I scare the fish.’
Castiel pointed to the tail. ‘They did their research this time. I’ll give them that. That’s a very convincing scar from a shark bite, but they’re trying to mix mammal and fish. The tail fin is horizontal. It’s…a nice picture? Very convincing. I’m sure it’ll look great on your show.’
Sam uncapped the peroxide and tried to keep his eyes from wandering lower. He soaked a cotton ball and began dabbing at Gabriel’s scratches.
Dean raised a brow at Crowley. ‘What could possibly be the other half of smite-n-go?’ he asked. He felt a sharp flare of irritation come from Castiel.
‘Fame and fortune! Naming rights to a new species,’ Castiel replied between choked sobs. ‘I don’t wanna be famous… I don’t wanna be known for anything like…like Gabriel. The moment this show airs… Nooo… I’ll be a laughing stock! Everything I’ve ever worked on will be disregarded! Hah! Good! Maybe all the work I did will force Naomi to start from scratch!’ He tugged at his skirt and sniffled as he muttered to himself.
Castiel shrugged and looked away. ‘It’s…obvious in retrospect,’ he admitted. ‘I feel a little stupid for not suspecting something sooner.’
Dean watched the pair as they disappeared deeper into the forest. He turned his attention to Castiel and stared expectantly.
‘Okay, okay,’ Balthazar said with a laugh. He lifted his hands in a placating gesture. ‘I’m sure you have great taste in clothes and makeup.  But, really… Why didn’t you ever tell me about this?’
Dean traced the small slashes left by teeth. The skin was slightly raised and white. ‘You sure?’ he asked quietly. He stretched his legs out and ran his hands over his thighs. Everything felt different. Whereas he would normally feel slight pressure and temperature changes on his tail, his legs were highly sensitive. And they tingled and itch. He ran his nails over the fresh skin. ‘They’re like…arms. In the wrong place,’ he said to himself.
Castiel punched Dean in the arm and flinched back as pain shot up his own arm. He whined lowly as he hugged himself with his arms and wings. ‘It’s not
rituals off the bed. Wait. Have you two…with the fishy bits…’ He gestured between Dean and Castiel, sending a quick glance downward.
Castiel rolled his eyes. ‘Yes, I know! I’m not going to sue if I get hurt or die while drunk. We’ve been over this.’
‘That monster would not leave the bed,’ Crowley said in disgust. ‘Which, by the way, still smells like sex even after the maid changed the linens.’
At the sound of keys unlocking the front door, Dean sagged and let out an annoyed sigh. ‘Dammit, Sammy,’ he muttered. He had thought his little brother would have been gone for much longer.
Castiel felt his face heat up as his thoughts screeched to a halt. Staring back at him was his own smiling face—painted up and framed by a black wig, topped by a glittery cowboy hat. He jumped as Anna leaned over his shoulder to get a look.
‘You okay?’ Sam asked as Gabriel’s attention was pulled away by the sound of the front door opening.
Dean shook his head. ‘I really wanna let Sam out, let him drink all the blood he wants, then drain his victim myself,’ he muttered.
Dean squeaked out his regret and touched Sam’s shoulder lightly as he followed Charlie out the kitchen door.
‘D-Dean…’ Dean leaned away as much as he could as Castiel crawled onto his stomach and propped himself onto his elbows.
‘A blood spell of some sort, if I had to guess,’ Crowley replied. ‘Probably ordered to stay put. And if that isn’t the case, then why let on to one of the advantages you do have?’
Castiel watched from his spot on the bed as Dean worked on a new binding cuff.  Dean was bent over his desk, a plain piece of silver in one hand, a stylus in the other.
‘He said the bungalow’s free tomorrow, and that he’ll know if you touched the bed,’ Balthazar said, looking between Castiel and Dean. He rolled his eyes at Dean’s friendly smile. At least Castiel had the decency to blush. ‘And your uh…
‘That’s okay. I have enough belief for both of us!’ Gabriel closed the laptop and picked it up off the desk. ‘Now, hurry up and get packing! We leave for Bora Bora in the morning. This is gonna be so much fun! Should we call it a sea serpent or a sea dragon? ‘Cuz the eye witnesses have been calling it both.’
Castiel stared at the mitt on Dean’s hand. Slowly, he curled his fingers into a fist. He tried to imagine a roll of quarters. He hoped game tokens would be close enough. That, he could summon with no problem. His fingers closed tightly around the new weight in his hand. He pulled back, kept his wrist straight and went for it with everything he had.
Two more men entered the room, one wheeling in a small cart full of pristinely glittering tools. The other man pulled the heavy chair in the corner forward before moving to unchain Dean.
‘What do you want? What am I going to owe you?’ Castiel asked as he paced the bungalow. He stopped as he exited onto the terrace and looked out at the darkening sky. He had to admit, the view was amazing.
Castiel smiled as he set the compact back with the rest of his makeup. ‘So…skirt, jewelry, and makeup. Panties? Yes or no?’ he asked as he lifted the glittery garment and stretched it between his thumbs.
sanity, baby brother... Please switch tactics,' was his mental reply. Aloud, he said, 'We're getting those cinnamon frosting things, right?'
danger by those that wouldn’t want it to happen,’ Castiel pointed out. ‘You’ll get the new spell out there, and it will all pass.’
Dean panted and stared up at Castiel. He had never wanted anyone more than he wanted Castiel at that moment. He held his tongue, though, having been warned by his brother that humans tended to be less willing to commit than mermaids were. He was having a hard enough time keeping himself from crying out in his own language, and he wasn’t sure how long he would be able to keep his wishes to himself. ‘Want you so bad,’ he whispered.
'Figure of speech, Castiel!' Gabriel snapped. He didn't know what to do about his brother. His sweet, innocent, naïve, sheltered baby brother. His brother who could deliver off the wall lines with a strange, practiced ease. Gabriel knew for certain that Castiel hadn't learned any of it from him. And their father was careful about who they interacted with—especially Castiel. So where... And then he finally realized who corrupted his baby brother.
‘She begged me not to fire her, so I threatened to staple her feathers back onto her wings if she couldn’t keep it together,’ Crowley added. ‘A few months later…we became quite close. Nine more months and Castiel graced us with his presence.’
Karen smirked as she set the photograph down. ‘You, too. If you stared any harder, you would have burned a hole through his pants,’ she said.
Samandriel looked up with a bright smile. ‘Really?! Is this for the sea monster?’ He looked over the image on the laptop—a vicious-looking serpent with a long tail and a crocodilian mouth spread wide, showing off its teeth. ‘This is amazing! I’m compiling a tie-in book of these for the show.’
'I hadn't realized at first,' Castiel admitted. 'No one had ever really explained the process to me,' he said as he fingered the cuff on his wrist. 'I imagined it would be made of iron and much larger. But this, this is nice.'
Seraphiel wasn't expecting it when it happened. A no account angel swooped in and grabbed him. Why was he being dragged from Hell? Did they find out? Would he face an even worse punishment? Had his Father finally looked upon and decided enough was enough? Why now? Did He find out Seraphiel was interfering with 'The Plan?' He struggled hard, but the lowly angel held tight.
Castiel’s expression showed his confusion. ‘Up until a few minutes ago, I was under the impression that you have been trying to seduce me.’
Sam smiled at Gabriel, his heart beating so fast. He jumped off the boat and splashed into the water.
‘Thank you, but you don’t…’ Castiel trailed off as he watched Benny. He looked around the boat, seeing all the fishing equipment. ‘Can I hire you?’
‘Yeah… Uh… I’m gonna go lock everything and put up some devil’s traps and angel warding… So uh…sorry if no one can get inside…’ Gabriel pulled the door shut and locked it. He began looking through the kitchen drawers until he finally found a piece of chalk.  ‘And tell Karen I’ll clean up all the chalk and paint later.’
Crowley sighed and tapped his fork lightly against his plate. ‘Well…Michael is a self-righteous prick,’ he replied. ‘He thinks he’s doing the “right thing.” Free all the angels, kill all the demons… To him, humans are inconsequential.’
It was when the children of these villagers were born that the beings known as angels and demons came into the world. Each special villager's first born was a set of twins. One angel and one demon. Any other children they had after were normal humans.
‘Don’t look so—‘ Gabriel’s eyes shifted down to the familiar messy hair of his brother. ‘Cas?!’ Gabriel looked from Castiel to Dean.
in nylons,’ she said, looking over the paperwork on the desk. ‘Sam, don’t ever try shaving or waxing. It took
‘No one would touch me if I went on something like that. I’d lose all respect,’ Castiel said, letting go of Gabriel. Even though Gabriel was shorter, he was the stronger of the two. ‘What I’m doing right now is important. Why do you think Naomi wants it for herself?’
'Well, we've only ever read about them, and there's lots of dead things here,' Gabriel argued. 'You're asking us to find a needle in a haystack! And we've never even
Gabriel nodded. ‘I’m trying. I thought I could get past the weirdness of it, but uh… I keep getting these flashes of this story Cas told about that guy and the dolphin, and…well,’ he trailed off as he sat back on his heels.
He was not in the mood to deal with Uriel. He jabbed at Uriel's pride, knowing the other angel didn't like taking orders from a young, naive angel.
Gabriel half-listened as Rahiti spoke, paying more attention when the man spoke of the mystery creature he had seen.
Castiel dropped the razor to the floor as he leaned back against the wall. The scales hadn’t been artificially colored. They were real. They were mammalian. They were mammalian and iridescent. As he stared at the scales, his breath caught. They were the same color as the tail of Gabriel’s sea serpent.
‘Castiel, tell me where you are,’ Lucifer said softly was he bent down and gently stroked Castiel’s wings.
Castiel choked back a sob as he was forced to stand. He stared miserably at the struggling demon. ‘I’m sorry,’ he whispered as he pressed his palm against the demon’s forehead. He shut his eyes, refusing to watch the demon burn from the inside. If he could have chosen, he would have rather shut out the screams.
Dean nodded as he examined his surroundings. ‘I’d like that,’ he said distractedly. ‘Um… I think…it’s around here somewhere.’
‘So… I’m the first human you nearly drowned with coming out?’ Gabriel said. He was going for a teasing tone, but he didn’t quite manage it.
Dean stared as Sam drew up a new circle. ‘Fuck. That looks like one of the museum pieces. I’m so fucking stupid.’
‘Maybe tomorrow night?’ Sam replied. ‘It sounds like he has to sort things out with Crowley first, and then everything will work out.’
‘Right,’ Crowley replied with a nod. ‘However, we demons usually discover our power under…less fortunate circumstances.’
‘Well…Prague’s when I first…saw him, then I noticed him in Rome,’ Dean replied. ‘At first, I thought it was just a coincidence, but then I saw him in Madrid right after.’
Crowley nodded. ‘Of course.’ He knew there had to be a catch to her sudden change in opinion. ‘Unfortunately, I won’t be staying that long. And neither with Gabriel and Castiel.’
He was so engrossed in his conversation, he didn’t notice the figure that stopped in front of him until it spoke.
'Or the ceiling. Depending on perspective,' Gabriel added. He gave an innocent smile in response to Dean's glare. 'Duck!'
Sam pulled Gabriel into a tight hug and kissed the top of his head. ‘We’ll keep it in,’ he promised. As he held Gabriel in his arms, he had to wonder just how Gabriel knew about the bloodspell. ‘You…seem to know a little more about the binding cuffs than I was expecting…’
Crowley wordlessly left the room and returned with the demon-killing knife. He advanced on Lucifer, his eyes glowing red, and his face that of pure rage. He paused when Michael’s hand came into his field of vision, held out and waiting. He blinked a few times before his eyes return to a human look. He looked away, eyes catching on Castiel. Distracted by what he saw, he held out the hilt for Michael.
Charlie smirked as she kicked off her shorts and placed her hands on her hips. ‘You’ve stripped,’ she said knowingly. The more she learned about Castiel, the more it made sense that he and Gabriel were actually related.
‘They’re texting Crowley,’ Castiel replied. He shook his head slightly at the alarmed expression Gabriel gave him. ‘Nothing incriminating. I think they’re messing with him a little bit. Something about seahorses last time I checked,’ he said dismissively.
Castiel shied away as Lucifer stroked his hair. It was true. Lucifer had been nothing but kind to him. Treated him well, spoke kindly to him… Castiel had to keep reminding himself that Lucifer had ordered him to kill Sam. As much as he wanted to leave and return to Dean, he didn’t think he’d be able to face the Hunter. Not after what he’d done. He shivered as Lucifer’s hand settled over the binding cuff on his wrist.
‘Present?’ Samandriel repeated. He looked to Charlie for a clue when Gabriel left the room. Charlie shrugged and shook her head. ‘Guess we’ll find out later…’
Castiel stared blearily at the bathroom wall. The shower was still running, and he was still tucked between the toilet and tub. None of it had been real. All the progress he and Dean had made… Dean thoroughly molesting his wings… Well, the mess in his trousers was real enough. He groaned in frustration and let his head drop back against the wall, momentarily enjoying the pain. He was back to square one.
Castiel nodded eagerly as he jotted down the measurement. ‘Did you happen to sex it? Or can you at least make a guess?’
'—started witch hunts where there weren't any witches, started the Spanish Inquisition...several holy wars... Seraphiel the Manipulator. He let humans kill each other off, introduced them to demons... Oh!'
Balthazar shook his head sadly. ‘It’s hard being around you. Looking at you, being around you…I know why fell for you. But then you go and say or do something stupid, and I remember why I left.’
Balthazar entered the lobby, lugging a camera and a couple bags. He looked upset as he set the bags and camera down and moved to lean on the front desk. ‘I feel sorry for your brother,’ he said conversationally.
Castiel frowned as he stared at his brother's cuff. He brought his wrist up and inspected his own binding cuff. It was similar to his brother's, but there were slight differences. Both were a of dull silver and had the same spellwork carved into them, but the handwriting was different and his own seemed to have been stained by blood and grease.
Gabriel carefully made his way up the steps, one at a time, not taking his eyes off of Charlie. He reached the top, and she raised her hand just as his foot came down on a nonexistent step. He righted himself and made a beeline to his room. He threw open the door and made an indistinct whine at the sight that greeted him.
Dean’s stomach clenched in apprehension. ‘Does it have anything to do with the whole smiting thing?’ he asked.
But…with his track record, he couldn’t really afford to have flings. Or any sort of a real relationship. They always ended up being spies themselves, kidnapped, or worse, killed. His last girlfriend had ended up in the witness protection program.
Dean licked his lips as breathed in slowly. ‘Not vibrant enough,’ he admitted as he let his fins drop. He breathed in sharply as he felt lips press against his own.
‘You have to find somewhere else to stay!’ Sam said, hoping Dean would catch the urgency in his voice. ‘Here, come up to the house. We’ll get you dried off and let everything blow over.’
Lucifer nodded, not taking his eyes off Adam, who had begun to add little drawings of smiling fish to his sign.
Gabriel nodded along as he watched Sam strip down. The way the sun hit Sam’s body, showing off every curve and dip, every muscle… Every change in skin tone. He hadn’t noticed the odd tan lines that ran the length of Sam’s legs before. Sam went to the back of the boat and stepped onto the seat, and Gabriel frowned as he realized what Sam had in mind. ‘Wait. Skinny dipping? In the
‘So it’s not just revenge for the humans taking your brother,’ Castiel said, slowly spreading his wings. ‘I can’t believe I felt sorry for you. So what do you intend to do with
'Yeah. An angel can see my real face, and I can see an angel's wings,' she explained. 'Look, Sam, don't go after him. Just stay away. Everything in that area died. Painfully. The town was evacuated.' She gave a nervous laugh. 'Everyone I've talked to is being real careful. Angels, we can feel comin' from a good distance. We can get away. But this...this thing, there was no warning. That survivor, he said it felt almost like a demon. I was lucky. It happened the day after Dean found out about you using your powers. I could have been killed!'
Dean rolled his eyes as he pushed himself onto his elbows. He brought his tail up and over so that his tail fin framed his face. The submissive move came naturally to him with a practiced ease. ‘
,’ Gabriel replied. ‘Besides, you guys are doing interviews. You don’t need me, and you don’t need the boat. We’ve got plenty of time for exterior shots and whatnot.’
‘Promise me,’ Gabriel whispered. ‘Promise me you’ll keep the bloodspell in it and destroy your notes.’ He stared pleadingly at Sam.
any more pathetic?’ Anna said with a laugh. ‘Look, it’s none of my business, but if you wanna go crawling back to that asshole, go for it. No one’s stopping you. Definitely not him.’
me? We’re friends. Sorta. Kinda. Okay, maybe we’re not friends, but they know how much cryptids mean to me! Why would they
Castiel glanced at Bobby and Karen. He quickly looked to his father and received a nonchalant shrug. ‘But I…I can’t control it,’ he quietly replied. ‘It’s not just coming into your powers… It’s being able to control them.’
Dean halted his movements, and he slowly came to a stop and sank to the ground. After proclaiming that he would win Castiel’s affections as a human, he had still been going about it as a mermaid. He still had his mating mentality running through his head, guiding him along. He was such an idiot. Charlie had been right. It wasn’t as bad as he thought. At least, he hoped it wasn’t.
‘God sent me ‘n angel,’ Dean said with a lazy smile. ‘Sexy angel. When I find him again… I’m gonna…gonna… We’re gonna play dress up.’
‘Oh, uh… Okay then,’ Dean said as he turned back to the movie, munching away on the bacon. By the time Ariel received her legs, Dean had found that he liked eggs, waffles with whipped cream and berries, and bacon. He stared in confusion with a piece of bacon halfway to his mouth. ‘Wait… Why…?’
Bobby grunted as he hefted a few of the bags into Sam’s open arms. ‘You’d think we were booked full with how much those people eat,’ he grumbled. ‘At least that Alfie kid is on top of everything.’
‘Pot… What?! Cas! You were never once high while we were dating!’  Balthazar leaned back in his chair, his mind reeling. He would have expected this sort of confession from
Castiel stared at Dean with wide eyes. ‘Really. You don’t like my soap, so you’re trying to barter a shark dive? Isn’t that a little disproportional?’
‘Like I said before,’ Crowley replied, ‘you’re going to be getting quite popular soon enough. I want that popularity tied to my next project.’
‘It’s a false light,’ Lucifer continued. ‘It’s just the magic of their bloodline, shining through. It’s not their
‘No,’ Castiel replied. ‘Though I will admit I’m a bit disappointed about that.’ He smirked at the frown Dean gave him. He raised his brow curiously at the sigh he heard coming from the other end of the phone. He knew that sigh. It was the one Balthazar made when he was refraining from making a biting remark. Balthazar was making an effort to not offend him.
‘According to merfolk beauty standards, that’s considered very attractive,’ Castiel happily explained. ‘The more contrast, the better.’
‘Er…’ Dean swallowed self-consciously and gave Karen an uncertain smile. ‘It uh…didn’t work that well,’ he replied. ‘S-sorry I didn’t say anything. I just…I didn’t want you guys to have an excuse to make him leave. And I didn’t want you to worry.’
‘The cuff falls off if the connection’s not strong enough,’ Karen explained as she turned back to the pile of breadcrumbs.
He reentered the bungalow, Muffin right on his heels. As he got ready for bed, he wondered if he would dream about ‘Dean’ again. For a drunken hallucination, Castiel certainly was hung up on him. He decided to enjoy his privacy while it lasted.
Balthazar turned around and stared at the empty spot where Castiel had been. ‘Cas? Castiel?’ Out of the corner of his eye, he saw movement. Castiel was already a fair distance away, heading straight to a boat in the distance. ‘You didn’t hear a word I said…you coward,’ he mumbled.
‘You sure? You don’t mind?’ Castiel asked, his mind calming at the prospect of friendly numbers. Numbers didn’t involve confusing marriage rituals.
Gabriel pouted, letting his lip quiver. ‘But…Naomi already approved your time off,’ he said. ‘She says it’ll be good for you.’
Jody splashed water in Crowley’s direction and shushed him. ‘Fergus Roderick Crowley! That is rude!’
There was a loud knock at the door, and Dean was about to get when Castiel darted in front of him. ‘Got it. Got it,’ he said, grabbing the money on his way. When Castiel returned, he was carrying a tray of food.
‘It’s not that,’ Gabriel insisted. ‘It’s… Look, I’m still kinda mad at you, and I take it upon myself to uh…sleep on the couch, as it were.’
Gabriel grinned as he massaged the edges of the opening. Without looking, he could almost fool himself into thinking that he was about to finger a woman. His knuckles brushed against what he assumed was Sam’s cock, and he swallowed, keeping his eyes locked onto Sam’s. He dipped his fingers into the wet warmth of Sam, and he held his breath as Sam’s eyes shut and he clicked his appreciation.
He found that Castiel’s own worry and fear were doubling up on his own, making him feel much worse. Now that he could tell the difference, he felt more at ease. Not great but it was a start.
‘You’re lying. Dean… I can’t fight. Not like this.’ Castiel’s wings dropped as he rubbed at his wrist. ‘I can barely even fight using my powers.’
Castiel groaned and looked over his shoulder at Dean. ‘It wasn’t my idea,’ he insisted as he opened the door and stepped inside. ‘I needed somewhere else to stay, and this is…what I was set up with.’
Dean yelled out a reminder to get pie. He grumbled to himself about Sam forgetting pie the last time he made a food run. He flipped the pages of the book in his hands. Another one for the pagan deity pile. He sighed as Bobby dropped another box next to him. 'What? No break?' he asked, looking up to give Bobby a pitiful pout.
‘Uh… Well, I… I can’t say,’ Gabriel said uncomfortably. ‘They’re getting along really well. Like…really, really well. Almost like old times. But I don’t think you’re out of the game!’
Castiel sighed and turned away. He didn’t like seeing his brother like this. He needed to fix it. He left the room and found Dean leaning against the wall, waiting for him. Closing the door behind himself, he turned to face Dean’s worried face.
'C-Cas! He—!' Gabriel stared at the cuff on his brother's wrist. 'You just couldn't resist, could you?' he asked numbly.
Sam gently patted Dean’s arm and smiled encouragingly. ‘That’s nice, Dean.’ He jumped when a poppy tune erupted and watched as Gabriel fumbled with a small phone.
Castiel shifted in his seat and looked away. ‘I…didn’t think we would be having this conversation so soon…,’ he softly replied. He bit his lip as he listened to Dean tapping his finger on the table. After a minute of silence, he looked up to find Dean staring at him with an unreadable expression. He tried to figure out what was going on in Dean’s head through the link, but he could only pick up on the fear and aggravation. He looked away and began picking at his sleeve. Dean hadn’t given him much time to think about how he would approach the matter. He felt Dean’s irritation spike.
Gabriel pulled Castiel into a hug. 'You'll figure out your own ways to test the bond. If you want any suggestions, just ask.'
‘Well, it couldn’t’ve been a full sprint. I have you clocked at…uh… I have food,’ Gabriel trailed off, pointing to the small kitchenette. He grabbed a large paper bag from the counter and pulled out several boxes. ‘Have a seat!’
Gabriel stood in front of a small waterfall. In front of him was the rest of the small film crew, sans Castiel. Whereas he was wearing jeans and a dark, button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up, everyone else wore shorts and t-shirts. On Balthazar’s shoulder rested a large camera. He sighed to himself as he adjusted the focus and watched Gabriel check his reflection in a handheld mirror. To his right stood Charlie, holding up a boom mic. Samandriel and Anna were kneeling near Balthazar’s other side; Anna was propping up a white piece of board and yawning while Samandriel reviewed his journal, a clapper resting against his ankle.
He leaned down and kissed the top of Dean’s head when the transformation was finished. ‘I meant… I mean… Alone. No one there. No one to come home to. I don’t wanna be alone anymore,’ he said with some difficulty.
He was currently going from site to site trying to find alterations to the binding spell. Nothing was coming up. He sighed and leaned back as he rubbed his eyes. Next to the keyboard sat a plate of food. Chicken, salad, and a small slice of pie. When had that appeared? Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel on the floor, asleep against the computer desk. He smiled at Castiel and reached down to run a hand through the angel’s hair. ‘Thanks, Cas.’
‘Dean?!’ Castiel strode forward and saw Benny do the same. He watched as Benny helped Dean to stand and frowned as the two had a short, hushed conversation.
‘Oh, yes! I went by there this morning looking for you,’ Castiel said, then ducked his head when he realized what he had just admitted to.
Charlie rolled her eyes and quietly backed away. She silently wished Sam good luck as she made herself scarce. Gabriel was going to owe her a very large favor that she would be certain to collect on. Especially if he actually got anywhere with Sam.
‘I see,’ Michael said as understanding dawned on him. ‘It would be expected that  in an area where there is a concentrated mix of creatures…you would have just as much, if not more, security than their place of work. They wouldn’t even try beyond the first failure.’
'Then what's wrong?' Sam pressed, but his question went ignored. He decided it probably had something to do with Castiel's previous attempts at flirting. Dean must have said or done something to scare Castiel off. Sam hoped they would figure out their problems soon. A bound Hunter and angel that didn't get on would only lead to disaster.
Dean laughed and shook his head. ‘All right, but if you do it when everyone’s watching, you’re on your own, you little peacock.’
matter,’ Castiel insisted. ‘I still want to do this, but there will just have to be some sacrifices made. Mainly, I’m not going to attempt swimming in that skirt.’
‘Fancy that. So does Cas,’ Crowley said. He looked up and caught sight of Gabriel and Sam. The pair looked lost and out of place at the restaurant’s entrance. He raised his hand and waved them over. ‘Remember: no fish-talk,’ he said quietly.
‘Sam. Right… I’m Balthazar, and this is Anna,’ Balthazar said, gesturing to himself and Anna. ‘You’re staying at the hotel, too?’
Dean nodded listlessly. 'Sure.' He didn't want to admit it, but the whole situation was making him depressed. Bobby had Karen, a High Angel, and now Sam had an Archangel. It would be fitting for him to end up with a crummy Low Angel. Maybe it would be better if he never caught one.
Staring into the darkness, Gabriel lost track of time and his thoughts. Sam was a mermaid. Dean was a mermaid.
‘Why’d she leave?’ Bobby asked after a moment of silence. ‘Crowley said she didn’t approve of how you were raising Gabriel.’
‘You don’t understand,’ Gabriel said. ‘It’s like ten times better when a command’s involved! It makes everything so fucking
Behind Anna, Karen gasped at the sight of a heavier set lower angel bleeding out on the floor. His dark skin had been burned away in spots, the pale yellow feathers of his wings were singed black, and one of his eyes had been burned out.
Bobby shrugged in response. ‘Don’t let it get to you. You probably won’t see him again, anyway. And if they
‘Why would you think that?’ Dean asked. He eyed the wooden pier from his position on the boat. He was leaning against the side, still not quite trusting himself to stand on his own.
‘I don’t pick up random…’ Castiel glanced to the side at Dean, and sighed in annoyance as Crowley sniggered. ‘Well, I don’t organize orgies anymore. That has to count for
Castiel took the bag and gave it a gentle squeeze. His nose wrinkled in disgust at the brownish green goo that was inside the small bag. ‘What’s in it?’ he asked, turning the bag this way and that.
As Dean showed Castiel around, he came to the conclusion that his angel had been a real shut-in. He didn't even know what a radio was. It was odd. He was clearly well-educated, had read a great deal of classic literature, and could easily name every spell and ward placed around the house. Which was more than Dean could say for Gabriel.
Castiel carefully untangled himself from Dean’s limp hold and got off the hospital bed. He readjusted the blankets with a soft sigh. Why did he come to check on Dean? Gabriel and Anna had the situation under control. He didn’t know Dean. Not personally.
Castiel sighed and reached out with his senses. There were so many different creatures in the forest, both natural and supernatural. He shook his head.
Sam sighed and looked away. ‘Look, I’m flattered. Really. But…we barely know each other. Just…hold off on that thought until…until we know more about each other,’ he said. It wasn’t that he wasn’t willing to run off with the shorter man—when his mate had joined his colony, they had chosen to stay together within three days.
Castiel stared at the stairs in dismay. Meg sat in the middle of them, effectively blocking the way. He felt Dean stiffen next to him and hint of distrust from the Hunter. ‘Meg.’
They entered the bungalow, and Gabriel made a beeline for the couch. He let himself fall onto it without looking and winced as something dug into his back. Leaning forward, he reached behind and grabbed what he first assumed was a simple leather jacket. When he held it in front of himself, he had to blink several times at all the sequins that sparkled at him. ‘Wow, Jody. Didn’t think you went in for this kinda stuff.’
‘Merfolk can hold their breath for a minimum of thirty minutes,’ Castiel said, his voice evening out. Facts were safe. Facts didn’t involve the future.
The thought made him angry. Angry at himself for being so useless. Angry at Lucifer for placing a binding spell on him. Angry at the angel that currently had him hoisted up by his ankle. He glared up at Anna, not noticing the surprised look on her face.
‘Playing Solitaire, I’m sure,’ Dean replied as he settled into the chair across from Bobby. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the silver cufflink. He gave it a quick glance before tossing it across the desk. ‘I need to find out where this came from.’
Balthazar watched as Dean slowly and gently kissed Castiel and felt his stomach drop at the blissful look on Castiel’s face. He waited until he heard the door to the bungalow close before sitting on the foot of the bed with a heavy sigh. ‘Cas…’
‘Aww, but the movie I had in mind’s got pirates and pretty girls, and an epic battle against skeletons!’ Gabriel pouted.
going to go skiing, but…you just happened to be in the right place at the right time. Off season Bora Bora. Decent weather. Cheaper.’
Dean’s eyes widened at Castiel’s line of questioning. He couldn’t keep the distressed noise that came from the back of his throat as he looked away.
Castiel thought for a moment. Gabriel was right. Nowhere in the contract did it say that Sam and Dean Winchester were not to know. ‘We were contracted to protect you and Sam,’ he replied.
Sam sat on the edge of the pier as he watched his brother. Dean ducked under again, his tail following his path. Sam winced when he caught sight of the scars. He forced a smiled as Dean resurfaced.
‘Liebling!’ he greeted, stopping a few feet away. Shocked blue eyes looked up to meet his. ‘Liebling, this is Scarlet Skrims, one of the most beautiful and interesting women here,’ he said.
‘Dark blue and eight-inch teeth? The crap that guy was pulling outta his ass… We’ve reached the point where stories are starting to conflict,’ Charlie said as she sat across from Gabriel and grabbed a glass. ‘I mean, it’s annoying, but it
Castiel looked confused. ‘I…I don’t understand… I wasn’t…“prancing around.” And I don’t know of any other angels that would do so after—no, I’m wrong. Gabriel would certainly prance about in celebration.’
He brought wars and plagues down upon his Father’s favorite creations. His corruption tainted his very being. He no longer needed to ask his vessels for permission. He simply took who he wanted. He destroyed God’s flock from within. A silent, creeping wolf who infected those around him. His anger became legend, and his vengeance against perceived slights, moreso. His acts were lauded by the wicked. And still, his Father remained silent.
Crowley raised his brow and turned his attention back to the blueprints. ‘If it makes you feel any better, I trust you more than Castiel. Now, let’s work on this plan.’
Castiel stared at Anna for a minute before his coat and jacket vanished. ‘We’re going slow, right?’ He gasped when Anna surged forward, grabbed him by his tie and shoved him to the ground. He scrambled away, wings raised and spread. Shakily, he stood, keeping an eye on the other angel. His eyes flicked to Crowley, who watched impassively. He frowned when Crowley tilted his head and raised a brow.
Dean laughed and stepped away. He looked over the group in the lobby and locked eyes with the man that fit Castiel’s description of Balthazar. He tilted his chin up and smirked. ‘Have fun, you two,’ he said.
‘I do just fine, thank you!’ Castiel replied defensively. It was true. He could protect himself quite well. Though it tended to be at the last minute.
A fin of alternating darker and light violet skimmed the surface of the water just in front of him. ‘No way…’ Sam looked around, making certain no one was around before kneeling down on the edge of the wooden pier. He sent out a series of soft, dolphin-like clicks, and a grinning face poked out of the water.
tested? Had Castiel been sent to tempt him? Did it even matter? He felt like he was so far gone that nothing he did would ever redeem him in his Father's eyes.
Michael pressed their foreheads together, sending feelings of love and regret flowing into Lucifer. He sent all the happiness and satisfaction he had felt from his time working with the Campbells. All the love and innocence he had felt from Mary Campbell. The purity he had felt coming from Dean Winchester. The entire reason he had left his brother.
‘Castiel, so sorry to intrude upon your fun—certainly wouldn’t be the first time—but where is… Oh…’ Crowley stared at the scene before him and didn’t even register the hiss from the cat walking between his legs.
Dean was not in the mood. He had woken up to his brother and Gabriel exiting the bathroom together. He may have let it slide if the pair hadn't used all of the hot water. After his shortened shower, Castiel had greeted him with a great cup of coffee. It would have been perfect, but Castiel seemed to have gotten it in his head that he needed to be a cocktease.
Crowley looked between the two and shook his head as he directed his attention back to the blueprints. ‘As I was saying… There are several backdoors and unguarded entrances. Once we get in, there are more than enough hidden passages to safely navigate the building,’ he explained, pointing out several doorways.
'Um, what happened?' Dean asked, mentally reminding himself that the binding cuff would protect him from anything Castiel could potentially do to him.
‘Sammy, fix it!’ Dean exclaimed as he dragged Sam into the room and forced him in front of the computer.
‘Oh, that’s it. We’re getting pizza, and I’m making you watch Indiana Jones. All three of them. In a row.’
He dragged the point of the knife across the counter as he tried to fight the command. He felt like he was being torn apart from the inside. ‘Please run,’ he moaned.
Castiel blinked in confusion as the cuff’s link tugged on him. As he rolled over, little tingles ran up his arm and into the pit of his stomach. He moaned lowly as he propped himself up. ‘D-Dean?’
Balthazar shook his head at Castiel’s reaction. ‘Why keep lying about it?’ He turned away from Castiel and stared at the clouds that spotted the horizon. ‘Cas…’
‘Dean…’ Castiel smiled as he cupped Dean’s cheek and leaned in. ‘I would love to be your mate,’ he said huskily as his lips brushed against Dean’s.
He slid down the tree trunk and sat on the ground. He pulled his knees up and buried his face in his arms. Was this all part of a test? Was he even
The door opened to reveal Dean, warily eyeing the two and their positions on the floor. His eyes lingered on Gabriel, taking in the bloodied nose and tear-stained cheeks. ‘Uh…I’m looking for Cas…’
Dean smiled bitterly as he lifted the end of his tail out of the water and spread his fin. ‘Too bad I’m the wrong color, huh?’
‘I’m right here,’ Dean said softly. He hissed as the tingling in his tail turned into the familiar dull itch that preceded the short burst of strange pain that accompanied the shifting of his bones.
‘Oh, God. The glitter-kitsch and snow globes,’ Gabriel mumbled as Castiel nodded. He picked at a piece of lint on his shorts. The seams were still damp from his dip in the ocean. ‘I don’t know what to do.’
Gabriel shook his head. 'It's here...somewhere.' He bit his lip as he looked around. 'It's just...I've never done this before, y'know?'
He took a shuddering breath and steadied his feet beneath him. He tried to put his weight on his legs, but a sharp pain ran up his left leg, reminding him of his broken ankle. He yelped and winced as his ankle gave out. The wounds on his wrists reopened from his short fall, and he struggled to put his weight onto his right foot. Everything hurt.
He sighed as he watched the man leave the market. He really hoped the man wasn’t another spy. He was sick of all the pretty eye candy rival and enemy organizations sent his way.
‘You—’ Gabriel broke off, shaking his head. He didn’t want to get into this conversation with his brother just yet. He was still too worked up about Sam, and Castiel was on the verge of a mental breakdown. When they were both back in their right minds,
Anna blushed brightly as laughter broke out around her. She hadn’t meant to set herself up for that one. What was worse, she couldn’t tell if Samandriel was being serious.
Gabriel nodded wordlessly. He knew his brother could be a little off, but this was beyond what he was used to. ‘Just…don’t feel like you have to avoid everyone. I
ruined! I have another mouth to feed, and I’ll have to get a bigger apartment… Maybe a house. Can I even
Ash shrugged, his wings going with the movement. ‘I was kinda diggin’ my bond. Me ‘n’ Jo had a real groove goin’ on. Like I told her ‘n’ Ellen: I need a new cuff. I’ve studied the spells on it, and all I can come up with is that the Witch’s bloodline is responsible. No other explanation.’
Castiel frowned at the image on the screen. This was not TV. TV had stocks and cartoons. A remote was thrust into his hand. There were...very few buttons.
Castiel quickly set the camera down and moved closer to Benny. ‘How long was it? Male or female? Did it have gills or a blowhole? How—wait! I need my notebook!’
One night, a call came in, reporting a strange series of deaths happening in a small college town. When Bobby described to the boys just how people were dying, Karen piped up, declaring that it sounded like the work of a Trickster.
a house?! Does it need a pool or…or a lake? Then you have to worry about neighbors… Dammit! What am I supposed to do?! I’m too
After Sam and Dean had left to get dinner, Gabriel had tried to coax Castiel out of the bathroom, but Castiel drowned his voice out with the shower. Castiel had shut him out physically and mentally. The last time Castiel had locked himself away like that, their mother had just died. He had holed up in his room for several days and hadn’t spoken for months. Gabriel hoped this bout of depression wouldn’t last anywhere near as long.
,’ Crowley said as he stared down at the blueprints spread across the kitchen table. He tapped on the center of one blueprint after the lines finished wavering. ‘There is supposed to be a supply closet here.’
Sam readjusted himself on the pillows as Gabriel turned around. He gently rubbed Gabriel’s right cheek as he felt a wet tongue run the length of his cock. He pulled the smaller man back a little and kissed at the balls positioned just above his mouth.
Sam and Dean stared at her with mouths wide open. Dean was the first to recover and he threw his hands up in frustration. ‘Fine! Go ahead! Bury the fuckin’ hatchet!’
Sam slowly looked up. Gabriel was giving him an amused smile. He loosened his hold, and Gabriel pulled his wrist free.
‘Sorry!’ Sam apologized, dropping the cotton ball onto the desk. He ran his thumb across the side of Gabriel’s hand as he pulled out the bottle of alcohol. ‘Now…this
Gabriel jumped when the front door opened and Sam and Dean entered. He shook his head at Sam’s questioning glance.
After a long drive, they arrived at Bobby's. Upon stepping into the house, they were greeted with piles of boxes. Bobby was having a hard time getting even the boxes sorted, so many were filled to the brim with books, trinkets and smaller boxes. And none of them were marked.
Dean shrugged. ‘I got a lot of energy to burn right now.’ He looked at Bobby in worry. ‘I just need you to call Sam tomorrow morning. Tell him you found something big. Anything. Just give us an excuse to be here.’
Dean hummed softly as he held Castiel in his arms. He had found that humming and clicking helped to soothe Castiel and calm him down. ‘I know it’s hard to believe,’ he said quietly. ‘But I’m real, and I’m not going anywhere. Not gonna leave you.’
Gabriel looked up at Sam with a doubtful look. ‘Just ‘cuz Cas has a crush on your stupid brother, doesn’t mean you have to…to reassure me of their so-called relationship.’
‘You’d think so, but angels are just as susceptible to Cas’s mood swings,’ Balthazar said lightly. He groaned in delight as he took another bite of meatloaf.
The rain didn’t last long, and the sun was setting by the time Benny pulled his boat up to a dock near the Four Seasons. ‘This one? Are you sure?’ he asked. He turned to find Dean pulling on his shoes. They had stopped near a secluded area where Dean had hidden his clothing. Fortunately, the rain hadn’t gotten to them.
Castiel settled back against his chair as Anna gave a determined nod. He tried to reach out to Gabriel, but received no response, so he sent his misery Dean’s way. His wings got ruffled as Dean replied with happy thoughts.
Dean stared at Benny for a minute. ‘Uh… One’s a thingy that’s uh…’ He tried to show the shape with his hands. ‘Like a… Just…things. Please?’ He shrugged helplessly as Benny laughed.
Gabriel glared down at where Sam had disappeared from. He held his own breath to gauge how long Sam could stay submerged. It wasn’t long before he had to gasp for another breath. Then another. By the fourth, his heart was pounding with anxiety.
‘For your information, Gabriel, Mr. Coffee answered the door,’ Balthazar explained. ‘Naked, I might add…’
Gabriel pulled Sam back down. ‘Yeah. Which is why I can’t just ignore it. Takes effort to throw ‘em that far and have ‘em be safe.’
A large pile of camera and audio equipment sat on Castiel’s old bed. He looked from the bed to Gabriel, who offered an uncertain smile from his spot on his own bed.
‘Yes! He doesn’t believe me!’ Castiel cried out. He straightened and glared as Dean broke out into a new fit of laughter. He stamped his foot and the light above them burst. ‘Dean!’
‘These ones,’ Benny said, handing Dean a pair of dark green boxers. They were similar in color to the darker stripes of Dean’s tail.
Sam shut the door as he fully entered the room and grimaced. ‘Not everyone likes snow globes,’ he replied.
Sam let out a sigh. At least it didn't seem like Seraphiel was helping Lucifer's cause. He promised Ruby that he would be careful and avoid the demon-angel at all costs. He was worried. Dean definitely had to know something. Did Dean run into Seraphiel that day?
Castiel stared at the small laptop screen in horror as he set down the small glass of whiskey he held. He had absolutely no recollection of the events he was watching.
‘Our home, I guess,’ Castiel replied. He smiled as Dean gave a happy squeak. ‘I have claw foot tub, so I’d be able to move around you more easily. I guess we could use the plunge pool at the bungalow, but I don’t want to risk Crowley seeing you,’ he explained.
Dean didn’t bother moving from his position. ‘Demons. Fucking potato chips of the supernatural world.’
‘Yeah, but only on myths and legends,’ Gabriel replied. ‘I’m an expert in my field.’ He paused and looked up at Sam. ‘And it
Karen nodded with a big smile as she rested her chin on her hand. ‘I just might be one of the ones sending you letters,’ she said. She laughed at Castiel’s lost stare. ‘Be sure to get a lot of headshots made. I’m sure your brother can explain it to you.’
Sam shifted awkwardly from foot to foot as the pair went into hysterics. ‘I guess I can mark out some places on a map for you,’ he said. The entire thing made him uncomfortable, but if he knew where the crew was going to be, then he’d be better prepared to keep Dean hidden.
Karen followed Dean’s gaze to the knife and her white-knuckled grip. She quickly set it on the counter. ‘Here, how about you help me?’ she offered as she pulled out a bowl and filled it with water. ‘Meatloaf, broccoli, and mashed potatoes. You can cut the potatoes!’
‘Can’t imagine why not,’ Castiel said as he kissed Dean. ‘But enough talk… I believe we were going to have a…matching set.’ He kissed way down to Dean’s neck and began sucking and nipping, determined to leave prominent mark.
‘He’s lying, of course,’ Crowley pointed out. ‘I always pose a threat. Just not in the…conventional way.’
Castiel had gone over the college grounds with a fine-tooth comb. There was no sign of Dean. He knew he should have asked Gabriel about the young man, but, by the time he woke up, Gabriel was already gone. He checked his watch to see it was already well past one. His feet were beginning to hurt from all the walking he’d been doing that morning. He made his way over to a bench situated under a large tree. Once seated and somewhat comfortable, he pulled out his phone and began texting his roommate.
Castiel watched Gabriel leave the living room. He held out his arm and twisted it so that he could see some of the feathers permanently marked on his body. He didn’t think it was that bad. Of course, he had his own freak out when he woke up with his back in pain and no recollection of what had happened. Crowley had informed him later that they had a few people over, and Castiel had gotten absolutely shit-faced. When he had found out one of their guests was a tattoo artist, he had apparently offered to trade one of his paintings for the tattoo. As for why he had chosen wings, he was told he had gone on at length about how he ‘needed wings scorched by the fires of Hell.’
Castiel stared at the large flatscreen mounted to the wall. He was back at home. Back in his bedroom. Back with his collection of old cartoons. As much as he missed it all, it brought him little comfort. He sat on the edge of his bed and hugged his pillow tightly as the door to his room opened and Lucifer entered. ‘Please leave me alone,’ he mumbled, not taking his eyes off the screen.
the producers? Those two brothers are more fucked in the head than you and Gabe,’ Balthazar exclaimed. ‘Fuck.
Meg returned with a medium-sized metal case. She remained near the entrance. ‘Do you want me to slide this thing over?’ she asked, eying the floor.
Dean nodded, still feeling his legs and flexing his toes. He followed the path of his hand up his thigh to his hip and stopped. ‘Uh… What’s…wait. This is…’ He took his penis in his hand and giggled. ‘You keep it on the outside?!
‘Dean…’ Castiel rested his hand over Dean’s, keeping him from untightening the bandage any more. He didn’t shy away when Dean pulled his hand free and rested it behind his neck. His gaze darted between Dean’s eyes and mouth, and his heart beat faster in anticipation.
Sam gave Dean one last look over his shoulder. It had taken a lot on his part, but he had finally convinced Dean to wait for Castiel to make the first move. He hoped Dean would be able to keep a cool head while he was gone.
A good scrubbing later, and he was left staring at his reflection, wondering what he was going to do with his life. Now that he could think straight, everything slotted perfectly into place.
‘Is something wrong?’ Castiel asked as he came up beside Dean. In his arms, he held a medium-sized box.
That certainly explained why Sam thought he had seen Gabriel before, and why Gabriel had become fixated on him. ‘He said we really hit it off…’
Castiel nodded and gave him a confused look. ‘Hanged,’ he corrected. ‘But, yes, I remember. What does this have to do with anything?’
that you can’t read. You can read print, but not cursive. Um… The letters within each word are connected. It says “Ariel Costume”,’ he said as he pointed to each word on the box.
Doctor Sexy!’ Dean happily proclaimed. He pushed himself onto his elbows and struggled to stay upright as he looked around the room. ‘Is it on? Where’s the TV?’
Dean frowned at Castiel. He cleared his throat, and when he failed to gain Castiel’s attention, he reached out, his fingertips barely grazing Castiel’s coat. He huffed in irritation. ‘Y’know, this’d be a lot easier if you’d at least look at me,’ he grumbled.
Gabriel thinned his lips as he stared up at Castiel. ‘I…I wasn’t gonna show you this until later, but…’ He reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded photograph.
‘My car’s been making an odd noise,’ Castiel said. ‘I have to make a quick trip home tomorrow morning, but I really don’t want to drive very far when it’s making that noise. I’m…surprised I made it here without it dying on me.’
'Please don't tell me we're going camping,' Gabriel said with distaste. 'I'm much too fragile for that.'
Sam’s fins strained against the sides of the tub as Gabriel’s fingers traced his scales. He suppressed a gasp as the fingers made their way to his secondary fins. He tightened his grip on the shower head and closed his eyes. He didn’t want to make any sudden movements or noises to scare Gabriel off, and it got harder the more those fingers teased his fin.
Crowley regarded Dean for a moment before speaking. ‘There has never been a demon-angel hybrid. There have been rumors that Lucifer and his followers were attempting to breed one, but with no luck.’
Crowley grinned as he shook her hand. He nodded as Karen’s eyes grew wide. ‘Quite the powerful one, you are.’
,’ Castiel said with distaste. ‘I…’ He sighed uncomfortably. ‘I have seen enough videos to fully understand the concept.’
‘Dean… Ah! D-Dean… If you don’t stop, I’m not gonna be able to fuck you,’ Castiel gasped. He sighed as Dean’s mouth left him, and he smiled as the other man grinned at him. ‘You are ridiculously good at that.’
Sam shrugged and pulled his arm from Gabriel’s hold. He hugged his angel and kissed the top of his head. ‘You’re safe. That’s all that matters.’
‘You guys are fucking obsessive. You know that, right?’ Dean said as they passed a man guarding the foyer. He nodded to the agent and received a smirk. ‘Shut up, Uriel.’
The angel looked over his shoulder, as if he expected to see his wings a different color. He stretched them a little. 'Yes, they are naturally this color,' he replied. He looked back to Dean. 'May I see my brother?'
Dean nodded happily and set the book back down. He watched as Sam pulled out a laptop much like the one he had seen Castiel use. ‘What
‘Good for you,’ the demon said dismissively. He turned his attention back to Castiel. ‘Remove the trap, and let’s go home.’
Dean’s mouth was hanging open as he watched Ariel narrowly escape the shark. It brought back some of his own memories of swimming as fast as he could with his little brother clutched tightly against his chest, barely managing to find a crevice to squeeze into. The three slashes along what was now his right calf served as a reminder of how lucky he had been.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. He didn’t know what to say in response to the revelation. It wasn’t unheard of for a Hunter to catch glimpses of their bound angel’s feelings. Bobby and Karen’s bond was strong enough for that, but it had developed over time. Years. And what he had felt was much stronger than anything Bobby had described.
Dean emerged about an hour later. He shoved the cuff into his pocket and set about looking for Castiel. He decided to start with Gabriel. He found the shorter angel sitting in the study on the couch with Sam. ‘Where’s Cas?’
‘Got it. Um…what’s this hole for?’ Dean asked, poking his fingers through the part in the front. ‘Wait. Is it for fucking around?’
‘So…what Cas and I had before I…fixed it.’ Dean stared at the knife in his hand. He never thought about it from the angel’s perspective.
thing. It might have a pretty paint job, but you don’t know anything about the engine or where she’s been.’
Gabriel looked down at the grey shirt as he plucked a piece of glass from his hand. ‘I dunno,’ he admitted. ‘Maybe. It
‘No… It’s… Well, it’s not fine. We should have discussed this more. Naomi was just looking for an excuse to get rid of me, and she saw her chance. But everything else…’
‘Like hell it doesn’t! You guys are supposed to be here for Cas and Gabe’s protection, but you’re hiding from something?!
Benny exhaled loudly as he thought. As a human, Dean stood a little over six feet. His tail alone was about ten feet. ‘Somewhere around thirteen feet? More? Less? About that.’
Months had passed, and Sam and Dean had finally created a spell that would work for the new binding cuffs. After finding a proper combination of spells that would work, all it took was a small smear of Dean’s blood across Gabriel’s new cuff to deactivate all of the others. They had originally tried Sam’s, but found out that the spell required the blood of the eldest living relative. The way they had found out that the chain reaction had actually worked came from the inhuman screech Karen had let loose.
‘Uh…hi,’ Sam replied. He looked around and saw no one else in the lobby. Just him, Charlie, and the tiki heads. ‘So…you’ve been dry the whole time?’
Dean cut off Castiel with a kiss and pushed him back against the couch arm. He grinned at Castiel’s bewildered expression as he pulled back. ‘I’d like to see you dressed like that,’ he said huskily. ‘Maybe…without the red hair?’
'I warned her not to spy on my true form,' Castiel said, almost defensively. 'I can be...overwhelming to humans. And so can my real voice, but you already knew that.'
‘Cas said as much,’ Jody said with a nod. ‘He didn’t say just how handsome, though. But I definitely understand the ‘cabana boy’ moniker, now. You’re right out of a travel poster! If you’re not in your hotel’s advertising, you need to be.’
'House salad for tall and gorgeous,' she said with a wink as she began setting down plates. 'French toast for Goldy, and bacon cheeseburgers for pretty green eyes and Little Blackie. You boys enjoy and holler if you need anythin'.'
‘Huh.’ Dean thought back to the past week. If anything, Castiel’s lies were harmless misdirection. As he thought more on it, they were actually a little manipulative. Castiel seemed to ask the perfect questions to get Dean to suggest the next set of movies they would watch. He gave Gabriel a worried look. ‘He’s not like Lucifer, is he?’
‘This is amazing! You’re completely mammal!’ Casitel said, unable to contain his excitement. ‘How long can you hold your breath? Is this the average size for fins? What about your coloration? Is this standard male color and patterning? What about the females? Do they match the environment more, or are they just as colorful?’
Dean stared back, his hand raised to knock on the door. ‘Uh…’ His gaze drifted down and rested on the manikin gripped tightly in Castiel’s arms. ‘Morning…’
emotions through the link? ‘Um…a little bit before I came out…uh…d-did you…er…’ He stuttered to a halt, blushing lightly. What if he was wrong?  How could he ask without embarrassing himself? He forced himself to look up at Dean. ‘Were you really turned on?’ he asked in a rush.
Benny opened his mouth. ‘No…I didn’t check its sex, but uh…I’m going to guess male,’ he said very carefully. He tried to concentrate on steering the boat to where Dean had instructed him to take the biologist. He shouldn’t have let Dean talk him into this.
‘So, I’ll see you later?’ Sam said. He kept from laughing as Gabriel jumped and turned, a sucker sticking out of his mouth.
Dean swam in tight circles around Benny’s boat. He had already gotten himself caught in the net twice, much to Benny’s annoyance. But he couldn’t help it. He just couldn’t think straight. Castiel was getting closer to Balthazar.
Sam nodded. ‘It’s a good look on you,’ he said. His brother was certainly handsome, but as far as merfolk were concerned, Dean’s colors weren’t up to snuff.
Gabriel raised his head to glare up at Sam. ‘Just because he hasn’t been out much, doesn’t mean he has no libido and no imagination. Who do you think suggested we run away? It wasn’t me. I…I was all for him being locked away. He was happy enough watching stupid cartoons on the couch all day.’
Sam sat at the small table and propped his elbows on the table. He smirked at the indignant grunt that came from behind him. ‘Something wrong?’ he asked innocently.
Gabriel reached up and pulled Sam down for a kiss. ‘In that case, I’m sleeping on the cot, but don’t get freaked out if I turn up in your bed or wake you up with a blow job.’
Benny stared ahead as his mind drew a blank. ‘Not a terribly ugly face,’ he said. ‘Blunt teeth. Fleshy cheeks. It made some really annoying sounds.’
The door opened a crack and Samandriel’s smiling face appeared, his blond hair poking out from under a red and white Wienie Hut cap. ‘Just wanted to let you know that I’m about to start setting up interview times,’ he said. ‘Anna’s heading out to scout some nearby locations. Uh…when did you wanna shoot the underwater scenes?’
Another step forward, and his eyes moved further up. His heart beat hard in his chest. The scales…stopped. Castiel’s face gave away his confusion as he tried to comprehend the fact that he was looking at a human stomach. His eyes darted up. Human chest. Back down to the fish-like tail. Up to the human shoulders. Tail. Neck. Tail. Face. Tail. Face. A familiar face. A familiar smile. Dean’s smile. He was looking at Dean’s upper body attached to a marine animal’s lower body.
Charlie scoffed as she crossed her arms. ‘So, what? Just means I know my own kind. And we’re shitty people, Sam. Don’t deny it.’
Castiel stared at the floor. Gabriel had really covered for him. Gabriel was risking his relationship with Sam by doing so. He would have to figure out something special to do for Gabriel later. He smiled up at Dean. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘I’ll see you tonight.’
‘So everyone is going to see the real you,’ Crowley said in a bored tone. ‘A pugnacious, horny bastard.’
Castiel pulled himself from Dean’s arms and leaned toward his father. ‘I don’t need training,’ he insisted. He looked over to Anna and narrowed his eyes. ‘And certainly not from an amputee.’
‘Y’know, Join Us? Evil Dead: The Musical?’ He huffed at Dean’s blank expression. ‘Don’t you wanna join the crew, you’ll be dead and evil, too. The only thing to do is join us!’ he sang, waving his empty glass in time to his imaginary beat.
It was working just fine until Sam stilled his hand and leaned away. He opened his eyes to find Sam frowning at him. ‘What?’
Lucifer glared at Michael in annoyance. Michael was right, but there had to be another way to have the best of both worlds.
Castiel broke down into heaving sobs as the door shut. He hugged himself, wrapping his wings around himself, praying that no one would find him.
‘Apparently, he has me staying in one of the bungalows. Probably… I told him about your show. And…he didn’t say anything, but… I think he’s going to have me appear in a documentary after this thing’s aired,’ Castiel said. ‘He’s under the impression that I’ll be more marketable.’
‘No, he’s not!’ Sam argued. ‘About four months ago, his business partner supposedly drowned. They never found the body. Everyone knows he
Castiel grimaced down at Dean. The mermaid’s head was submerged, and he was grinning apologetically at Castiel. How was he supposed to properly explore Dean’s body in privacy and with the convenience of a decently sized tub or shallow pool? He’d be able to back home, but here? There was nothing. Not unless he found a good excuse to kick Crowley out of the bungalow for an afternoon.
Gabriel groaned in frustration. ‘I don’t wanna leave!’ he reiterated. ‘I’m happy here. With Sam! I…I love him!’
Castiel wanted to ask more, having never stayed at a hotel either, but the waitress had arrived with their food.
Sam nodded at Charlie and watched her take Castiel back up the path to the hotel. He sighed as he turned his attention back to Dean. ‘What were you thinking?!
‘No, there isn’t,’ Gabriel insisted with a blush. ‘It’s an empty void where hopes and dreams go to die.’
‘Cas, I was just at your apartment, packing your suitcase. Don’t give me that look! I saw your fridge,’ Gabriel said. He poked around the bookcases, looking at the books and seashells. ‘You can’t live off fishsticks.’
‘The money’s decent,’ Castiel admitted with a small shrug. ‘Travel and housing is paid for. It opens doors to the same sort of stuff. But…they want me drunk when I’m on screen.’
‘They have a little mermaid of their own, and I wouldn’t be at all surprised if they wanted Cas to play veterinarian,’ Crowley explained. ‘Mouthy little shit seems happy enough, so I wouldn’t be worried about them treating him poorly. They treat their pets better than their employees,’ he finished with a grumble.
Dean nodded proudly. ‘Hey, I’ve got a natural talent,’ he replied. He let Castiel guide him onto his back and relaxed against the pillows.
‘Morning’ Dean replied. For most of the night he had watched Castiel sleep, his own mind in a half-asleep state. A couple times, he completely lost consciousness and was afraid that he would awaken Castiel when he startled awake. Being dry was going to take a lot of getting used to.
, thank you very much!’ Castiel retorted. He was smiling, but it began to slip as his words caught up with him. ‘I used to be a drag queen, and now everyone knows,’ he whispered.
Castiel’s eyes followed Benny, not missing the irritated look Benny gave Dean. ‘So…Benny is your brother?’ he asked.
Castiel held the mirror away and pulled it back in, checking from every angle. Everything looked okay. Except for the small bit of white in his hair. He brushed his fingers through to dislodge it, but it didn’t go away. He frowned and tried again. Still nothing. He pulled the mirror in close, tilting his head to check the hair by his temple. He froze as he realized that the small bit of white wasn’t a stray cat hair.
