was not what Arto was expecting. “You’re kidding, right?”
Arto thinks of how it felt to have Tony miss so much, the absences over Christmas, the locked workshop doors. He leans down and kisses the top of Anna’s head. “Can we go in? it’s freezing.”
Despite how tired he is, he stays up for a while, flicking through his phone. He looks at some of the photos of him and Anna, exits out of his gallery before he can look at the pictures of him and Peter in the chem lab at school. He re-reads the article about himself that was on TMZ, checks to see if there’s any news about any of the other Avengers. He opens StarkSearch and types in pink headband and chickens out before he actually hits search.
Somewhere, an alarm goes off. Jarvis is talking but Arto doesn’t give a shit what Jarvis has to say. Peter isn’t talking to him and no-one in this dumb house cares, so Arto is going to
Tony grins. “There it is,” he says. “You’re condoning harassing his friends, Steve? That’s unethical.”
No sooner has he thought it than he’s remembering all those times Omari has been spent time with them, Bucky carrying him so his scales didn’t get in the snow, sitting with him and playing X-box, picking him up when he fell and helping brush off the dirt.
“Well, he said you were smart enough to work it out so he wasn’t surprised,” Steve says. “He’ll talk to you about it if you want.”
“No,” Tony says, through a mouthful of foam. “He was too busy being tragic and insulting me, so I didn’t bother. Though he did say that he’s not gay, so that rules out Pietro.”
“Wow,” he says. “Well done, Cap. I really must say, your communication skills are really coming on-”
He must sound sufficiently distressed because Bucky doesn’t roll his eyes or make a smartass comment, just gets up and starts directing. “Clint, go check comm channels and check there’s gas in the Beamer.”
Arto scrambles up, almost kicking Clint in the head as he climbs off the bed. He feels a little bit sick. “Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
“Rogers-Stark,” Arto mutters back, and huffs out a breath. “I dunno. Peter hasn't text me back.”
“We bonded,” Nick says, utterly straight-faced.
When that happens, he finds himself running to Steve’s room, clutching his book in one hand and his pen in the other. He climbs onto the bed, heart thudding sickly in his chest.
“Come on,” Steve mutters to Arto. “Five minute walk.”
Tony stares at him and then at Steve. “I think I’m proving her point.”
“Yeah,” Steve replies quietly. Then, “You want to go back?”
“Maybe I’ll keep you,” he says to Anna. “You’re not hormonal and weird.”
nerves.”
Tumblr prompt from anon -  "I can't let you do that" with Arto and Clint
“You're a pain,” Tony says informatively, pulling back from Steve and fixing Arto with a look. It doesn't seem to do a lot; Arto just pouts and leans up to wind his arms around Steve’s neck.
“If you can forgive him, then stay,” Clint says. “You need some space, then...well. I know what that feels like. And if you stay here then you're gonna have to guarantee that there's going to be no more of that battle royale. The Young Avengers will be back in the building and - and I'm not having you two brawling it out in front of them.”
“Yep,” Arto says boldly. “I like them so that's all that matters.”
“Scared of being recognised?” Natasha asks.
“Dad,” Arto says quietly, leaning sideways to nudge his shoulder against Steve’s and willing him to reboot his brain so they can actually talk about this. “I can’t have Bucky follow me around forever.”
“So you’re my friend now I’ve given you Lucky Charms?” he asks wryly, brows raised.
Arto is going to do no such thing. He pushes himself up and presses into Steve’s arms, wrapping his arms tight around his neck. Steve shushes him gently, one hand on the back of his head and the other arm around his middle. It’s exactly how he used to carry him when he was smaller, and it makes Arto cry even more.
phone. It must be connected to the car’s systems because on the centre console appears a phone icon imposed over a picture of Pepper.
- but it’s in a good way. Mostly good. Maybe ninety percent good ten percent bad. Maybe eighty-twenty.
Steve watches Bucky watch Arto, gently flexing his thumb. “No biting, you gottit. Hey, you gonna let me have a marshmallow?”
Bucky looks thoughtful, crossing his arms across his chest. “Alright,” he says. “What have you got in mind?”
“What the hell are you two doing? You can’t have not slept, you’re meant to be shadowing Arto at school!”
“He won’t,” Bucky says. “Realistically, worst case scenario is he bites another kid or hides under a table and refuses to come out.”
Steve doesn’t question it so Arto takes that as his go ahead to talk to Peter and Omari about everything. Which he does almost immediately, getting a three way StarkTime - not as catchy as FaceTime but Tony will just not be told - conversation going. There’s the usual startup issues, with three of them all trying to talk at once but once they get the hang of it, Arto’s free to spill the beans, telling them all about Tony and Steve and his tentative plan to come home. Omari’s scales do that thing where they all fluff out in a happy little ruffle. Peter makes an inarticulate noise then starts talking at eight thousand miles per hour, gesticulating wildly and clearly delighted.
The man stood up, nearly tripping in his haste. “No, I mean we don’t need the police do we, kid, I forgive you, I should be going-”
“Wow, puberty is really doing a number on you, isn’t it,” Clint says, and Arto tries to say
Steve nods. “Like I’m going to do with Tony.”
Back on the TV, a reporter has managed to get Tony and Natasha to stop. They’re excitedly talking about the good work of the Stark foundation. Natasha smiles serenely and politely and Tony nods and answers some questions about the charities that they’re supporting. A PA or something appears to chivvy them along so they say thank you, nodding and moving down the carpet-
“I’m not a spider, I just do spider things,” Peter says. “Look.” He does a strange flick of his wrist and a line of motherfucking
Natasha just lifts an eyebrow, a clear
Arto does not. He runs around the car, grabs Clint by the hand and drags him across the driveway, waving frantically at Omari. Steve grinds to a halt, slumping against the side of the car and wondering what the hell just happened.
“Probably,” Tony says as Steve leans forwards to take his turn again.
Arto’s mouth works, uncertain and slightly hesitant. “Can I be Cinderella for Halloween?”
The communal kitchen is empty when he gets down there, looking spotlessly clean in a way that suggests someone has been doing their stupid stress cleaning thing again. He hopes it isn’t Steve.
He does, but he doesn’t quite get it. He’s a boy, getting his nails done. That’s pretty weird.
Arto frowns at him. “Steve said I could,” he repeats, like Nick is the one not getting it.
“So, are you as freaked out as I am?”
He feels ten million times better already, just having Bucky, Clint and Anna here. He knows it’s kind of weird, how he lives with this whole extended family, but he’s not about to say or do anything that could change that in any way. He likes having them about, and besides Clint is basically his big brother and other people live with their brothers and shit. Although in his head Anna is definitely his little sister, but Clint is her dad so they can’t both be his siblings. And don’t even get him started on Bucky.
Arto scowls. “He could try.”
“Yeah, you’ve probably forgotten all the times you ran circles around us because you wouldn’t sleep,” Steve says. “Six year old you was a bit of an asshole when it came to bedtime.”
Tony just stares at him. “You think I don’t care about you,” he says flatly. “Arto, I care about you more than any person on this planet, where is this coming from-”
Across the table, Bucky belches loudly and wipes his mouth on the back of his hand. “So, if you guys have worked this out and are gonna be chill I’m gonna go back home to my baby.”
“Steve?” Bucky calls. “You okay, pal?”
Arto sighs and shakes his head, which is unusual considering his usual enthusiasm for dressing up at every available opportunity. Hell, Steve and Tony have taken Darth Vader, Aquaman and a shark grocery shopping in the past month alone.
“Yeah so I wanted Peter to come but now I don’t even want him to.”
“Come and play on your tablet,” Tony calls. “Give Hawk-Brain a chance to catch his breath.”
“I wanted to ask him-” Arto starts, but doesn’t finish. Thinking about the vacation and the tickets sitting on his shelf just makes him feel sick and twisted up. “I don't want to talk about it.”
“Oh my god,” Arto breathes. “Oh my GOD.”
He’s got a cup in each hand and is squinting at Arto in the light. “What,” he says, sipping from the left cup. Arto reaches for the right one but Clint shakes his head with a clear nuh-uh sound, pulling it out of reach and taking a gulp.
He waits five minutes.
“I’m an orphan from Brooklyn,” Steve says, leaning against the doorframe. “Never thought I’d be living upstate in a mansion.”
Arto just cries harder, but Steve feels two arms wind around his middle, clinging on tightly. Steve feels a surge of helpless frustration, because he can’t just go fix the problem, or punch the problem until it goes away. He can’t even make the decision
Steve seems appeased. “Okay,” he says, exhaling. “Well that was fun, let’s never do that again.”
Arto turns his eyes from the wall to look at his own hands, watching as Bucky works. “Do you think they're stupid?”
“Yeah,” Arto smiles back, then looks down at his hands. “But...I think I like clothes from everywhere. From boys and girls.”
“What?” Steve says, taken aback. “He’s okay?”
“And super unethical,” Steve sighed, putting both hands on Arto’s shoulders and steering him towards the door. “Don’t tell your dad I did that.”
Tony gets comfy first, draping himself over Steve with his head propped on his chest, one leg thrown lazily over Steve’s thigh. “We were building the bike and he asked to go and help Clint with paperwork.”
Arto wakes after a much better night’s sleep. Well, he’s woken up twice by dreams but at least they’re dreams about the Victoria’s Secret model that had been plastered on one of the billboards in Times Square, rather than dreams about that uncomfortable sterile white room burning down.
“He backed down on the cat thing,” Clint says. “Figured we’d give him this one.”
“Well, the focus is on the foundation,” the reporter manages.
“I am always chill,” Steve says, and is levelled with three matching looks of skepticism. “Okay, I’m mostly chill.”
“Well you don’t felt like your assets are part of you either, do you?”
“You’re so stupid, you could have died,” Arto chokes out.
“Yeah,” he says, holding her close. “Tree.”
“Arto!” Steve shouts, cursing before grabbing Arto’s lunchbox and hastily climbing out of the car. “Arto, wait!”
Arto goes even redder. Tony elbows him and he waves without looking up.
“Hard to say,” Tony says. “Looks like it, if he’s convinced that Barton is King of Couch Mountain.”
“Is pink your new favorite colour?”
Steve takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. His jaw is clenched, brow furrowed. “I...I’m going out for a few days,” he says.
“Hey, I can go places without her,” Bucky says. “Some days.”
Bucky is in the shower and Clint is putting Anna to bed when Steve wanders into the lounge and turns the channel over. Slouched down on the couch with his new sneakers on the coffee table, Arto makes an indignant noise, mouth full of cookies.
Arto almost chokes on air. Steve reaches out to dismiss the call, glancing at Arto. “Don’t you say that.”
at them and Arto could honestly just die right then and there. He’s going to strangle himself with the drawstring from the hoodie to escape the embarrassment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clint is doing Young Avenger paperwork,” Tony says, critically eyeing the engine in front of him. “Torque wrench.”
He turns and smiles faintly at her. “Ar-to,” he says clearly. “Arrrr-to.”
Steve rears back, mouth falling open. Tony feels a similar wave of indignation, though Steve is the more vocal one about it.
“I'm not taking him on the bike."
“It’s everything,” Arto chokes out. “Everything.”
deliberately calm and quiet, and Arto freezes, then guiltily tucks his leg back in. “Better,” Steve says. “Okay. This has been going on long enough. I’m going to fetch Tony and we’re going to talk about why you’ve been so on edge the past few days.”
“We checked that yesterday,” Clint says, frowning at the TV screen.
“-instead of picking up my calls you pull a stunt on live TV in front of the whole world,” he shouts. “And I - well yes I heard what you said! Yeah, I just. I just. I just.”
“Favouritism,” Clint says.
Steve sends him a reproachful look. "Once. It's worked once."
“Can go a little harder,” Clint says, and then
Tony nods. “Alright. Hand me over to Rogers the taller.”
Steve rolls his eyes, crouches down and simply picks Arto up under his free arm. Arto shrieks and kicks, but then stops flailing as Steve heads towards the elevator.
, what is he meant to do? Just not think about sex at all ever? Keep his hands to himself just because his dad is being awkward and embarrassing and weird? Yeah, not going to happen. He doesn’t say anything out loud though, just goes along with Steve’s plan of denial.
“This place feels like a hotel.”
“Mmmm,” Steve stirs. One eye cracks open.
“Tony!” Omari says. “It says tonight is the annual Stark Charity Gala?”
“He’s not
“Nat?” he says quietly. She’s gone back to her magazine. “Hmm?”
“You never sleep this late.”
Clint frowns and then he drops his hands. “Shit, I was meant to censor sex.”
And he stops talking because on the screen there’s a load of screaming and the flashes go insane and the camera cuts to a very familiar Audi R8 pulling up at the end of the red carpet. Arto scrambles forwards to kneel on the coffee table behind Steve, leaning over Steve’s shoulder.
Finally, Bucky speaks. “You have a lot of shit going on right now,” he says. Arto just nods mutely, feeling strangely grateful for the fact Bucky isn't trying to analyse it or joke about it. He's just… agreeing.
Steve spares a second to wonder if this is really the best idea, and then decides fuck it. “Alright,” he says. “Move up, I’ll help.”
“That’s great!” Wanda says and Arto smiles back at her, tentative but proud. He opens his mouth to say something back but he’s left too large a gap after her response and she’s already turned away and is talking to Kate, and Arto is back to looking like a very desperate fish out of water.
God, finally getting it feels better than what he normally gets up to in the bath, he swears.
“Oh my god you’re back and I missed you and I’m so sorry I’m never going to not talk to you again, this has been the worst-”
“We have eaten so much pizza since we got here.”
After some wheedling and a blatant bribe - honestly Steve's life would be easier if it were only Arto he had to wrangle - Bucky relents and Steve returns to the tower alone, feeling like he's left a limb behind. Tony greets him in the lobby of the tower in a show of emotional astuteness that only Steve and Arto are ever really privy to. They have lunch and hang out in the workshop: Tony works on one of his multitude of projects and Steve occupies himself by trying to read Catch22 and texting Bucky constantly. Bucky, bless him, shows an unprecedented amount of patience and texts Steve back every time, reassuring him that Arto is fine, he hasn't bitten anyone or cried or broken anything, and therefore doesn't need rescuing.
Well, that’s him on the next mission to the Arctic Circle. Not that there’s anything there. Maybe Nick could find something there for him to go and investigate. An angry polar bear for him to wrestle or something.
“First time for everything,” Steve replies. “You sure you’re coming?”
Steve blinks at him at the same time Arto squirms out of Tony’s hold, pushing his hands away.
“Really?”
bed.”
Arto because Arto is a contrary creature at the best of times, let alone when he’s upset.
“You’ll have to ask them,” Bucky says. “But from my awesome spying skills I can determine that Nat wants a room here, but Bruce and Lilya are going to stay in the tower during the week but come here at weekends.”
“Sure, we can look,” Bucky says. “Get your coat.”
Arto goes very still, not sure if he’s heard right.
“The baubles are not for you,” he tells her, bending down to pick her up.
“What?”
“So it’s a fashion and style issue rather than a body thing?”
“I could be a gladiator,” Bucky says, sprawled out on the couch, tapping away on his phone with his thumbs. “I’d be great at it.”
split up,” Steve says. “Can we have this conversation when I’ve had more sleep, please?”
“Yeah in like fifteen years,” Bucky says, while Clint shakes his head and says, “Never.”
“Dad?”
“There is no funny business,” Steve insists.
he thinks spitefully, and then feels like a jackass for even thinking it.
“How come when he’s being weird he’s my child and not our child?” Steve says somewhat absently.
Wait, what?
“Thanks,” he says to Fury. “For keeping an eye on him.”
“Whoa,” Clint says, jerking his face back out of fist range. He blinks Arto’s fingernails into focus, taking hold of Arto’s wrist. “Hey, new nails!”
“You’re turning into Barton,” Tony snorts. “Will kill for coffee.”
“Where are you?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony says immediately, and if flying all the way to Chicago didn’t prove just how much he wants to make things right, volunteering to go to an art gallery certainly does.
“We have
Now that’s what Arto was afraid of. “But,” he says, voice small. “But...I don’t know.”
“Normal doesn’t mean easy,” Tony tells him. “You know, I can help. I used to be renowned for my skills with women, before Steve turned me into a boring married soccer-dad.”
girly because I’m currently in a relationship with a man?”
“Tony told me what he did,” Pepper says.
“Babe, I have
“But he’s not,” Natasha says. “Clint, do you feel like a girl right now?”
Clint gets out of bed with infinitely less grace than Bucky, yanking a shirt over his head and stumbling across the room. He pushes Arto out of the room and follows him, yawning widely. It takes him a while to find his way to coffee, obviously not used to the layout of the penthouse apartment.
. He looks up at Steve, who is watching Arto carefully, looking like he’s itching to walk over and hug him. God, Tony hopes he doesn’t, Arto
“I miss you so much that I think I’ve actually gone crazy,” he says without any preamble. “And I was going to stay out of the way and do my time but I can't do it, Art. I can’t. I love you, and I love Steve and you’re my goddamn family and I know I fucked up but don’t ask me to do this without you guys. I’ll do anything. I’ll - I’ll burn everything on the Extremis project. Hell, I’ll give it to Reed Richards. Anything. You say it, I’ll do it.”
“Yep,” Arto says, bouncing on his knees slightly. “I’m doing great.”
Arto does remember. “Yeah, she did,” he says. “I don’t know if...I still feel like a boy.”
Steve and Tony both kneel down on the concrete in front of Arto. “What can we do to help?” Tony asks, setting his hands on Arto’s sides. “Give us a hint here.”
need to stop yelling at me,” Tony snaps, cutting right over him. Arto falls silent in shock; Tony never raises his voice at him, ever. Tony must feel a similar sense of shock because he just stares at Arto for a moment, lost.
He shoves the phone back at Tony. “If it’s so okay for me to be having my nails done, why are they bothering to report on it?”
Well, whether or not he’s entertaining, and regardless of the fact the kid seems happy to be in here, Nick has work to do. The horrid tedious kind that involves telling the WSC what the CIA told Mi6 told Interpol told SHIELD, which everyone knows about anyway. He’d much rather be planning intelligence sweeps and giving the green light to Stark’s proposed new jet-scheme, but bureaucracy comes first.
“Okay,” Arto says and Steve hugs him tight.
Arto takes the hint and sinks to his knees in front of Anna, leaning in to kiss her. She makes an indignant little noise of protest, pushing at his face with her chubby little hands. Arto laughs weakly and pretends to bite at her fingers, making her giggle. He stands up, finds himself pulled into a hug by Clint.
“Are you going to go back to working on the nanite thing?”
he thinks, clambering out of bed and shivering slightly. It’s still bitterly cold out- not as deep in snow as Chicago but cold enough so that he’s not going to go outside unless he absolutely has to. That pool outside better be heated.
“Could Tony make you a metal eye like Bucky’s metal arm?”
“It’s weird calling you Clint when you’re all…” Bucky says, waving a hand at Clint and his slightly altered state. His eyes flick down to Clint’s chest, the same way they always do whenever anyone mentions the fact that Clint is temporarily in possession of breasts. Steve rolls his eyes; Bucky is nothing but predictable when it comes to Clint.
“Just because he hasn’t picked up the phone?”
Steve eyed the reporter with disdain, letting it show on his face and in the way he folded his arms across his chest.
Steve’s eyes flick between them both. “Is Tony agreeing to this or are we going to have to sit on him and make him stay?”
“Okay, okay, calm down,” Steve says. “Let me look.” He flicks through the book, stopping at points where Arto has scribbled things out. “Alright, you’re trying to find a label? Yeah, okay, and you decided that none of these fit you. You know you don’t need a label right?”
“Yeah I know, when you’re older it’s not - okay. Right. When you’re younger, you still have a lot to learn. Even though you think you know everything, you don’t. You only have your years’ worth of experience and knowledge, right? So for someone even a few years older, they’ve got way more experience and knowledge. It’s a power differential, kiddo, and that’s not okay. When you hit your mid-twenties it’s not such a big deal because you’ve done your growing up. There’s no power differential because you’re both grown up.”
"It's not illegal?" Bucky offers and takes a step back as Steve rounds on him. "What, it's not. As long as he wears a helmet and he can reach the footpegs-"
“Yeah,” Arto says. “I’m seventeen, I can go places alone.”
Nick Fury walks slowly into his office, inwardly on high alert. He looks around, knowing that he looks like he’s just checking the time instead of doing a
“They’re keeping an eye on it,” Steve says. “It’s gonna take six hours to fully charge, you want to wait for it here or you want to get some food and some sleep?”
He creeps into the master suite, spotting Steve who is lying on his back on the couch that’s at the foot of the bed. His bag is by his feet and he’s staring at the ceiling.
Steve sits next to him, elbows on the counter and head in his hands. “I miss him,” he suddenly says. “I am seriously angry at him, but that doesn’t stop me missing him or loving him.”
"You unbelievably selfish fucking asshole!"
“No,” he repeats. “Go away.”
“You don't wear gloves.”
Arto abruptly stops as they get around the corner and he finds himself standing in front of the thing Bucky wants to show him.
them care-
“No, it’s not that,” Arto says. “I want to start my own Instagram.”
“No!” Arto says, pulling a face like Steve’s being an idiot. “Special Lucky Charms. With only the
“He’s your dad. Of course. Eat your breakfast first.”
And double great, now he’s thinking about being unfair to gay people and naturally that makes him think about his parents and he’s now gone from thinking about poptarts to sex to his dads and now he’s definitely going to go and kill himself, thanks.
“Steve said they’ve not split up,” Arto says.
“I’m sure you are,” Natasha says with a smile, walking over to the fridge and pulling out her bottle of juice, standing next to Steve and leaning back on the counter. “So, still no change?”
“Well, I got the assets,” Clint says, like it’s obvious.
Tony appears like a jack-in-the-box, standing up so he’s visible over the swathe of holograms and medical screens he’s got set up. He looks seriously angry and that doesn’t abate as he spots Arto. “Cut it out!” he mouths, making a slashing motion across his throat.
“Of course he does, he wants to make everything okay for you, he would literally break the universe for you if it made you feel better, and he feels shitty that he can’t. Actually, scratch that, I don’t think he’s realized that he can’t fix this one, no matter how much he wants to.”
Steve spits out the popcorn. “Well, shit,” he says, dropping his hands from where he was ready to fend off any more popcorn projectiles. “Tony, go get him back.”
“Art, you okay?”
Again, please remember that Arto is a teenager and is not a completely reliable narrator. What he thinks is happening may not be completely accurate as he's not got the full picture, though being a teenager he obviously thinks he does. And his reactions are very knee-jerk and emotionally driven as well.
Steve chuckles at that. “You know, I thought him having a baby would make him less scary,” he muses. “Let the world see his gentler side. But no, now he’s gone overprotective and downright terrifying.”
“Sorry, sorry,” he says, patting at Clint’s shoulder. “Sorry.”
Steve doesn’t even tell him to turn it down, and that’s probably worse.
The window.
Arto’s not a hundred percent sure on syllables but he’s not about to say anything because he needs to finish his breakfast and he’s not got time to flirt with the possibility of adults going
Tumblr prompt from user Pariahsdream - "I did a pregnancy test."/Winterhawk (bonus pts if in Arto verse). ;)
“Never,” Steve says, but he does let go, ruffling Arto’s hair as he goes. “Now. Who wants anything else to eat?”
“What?”
Wants him lying in bed until mid-afternoon so Arto can lounge out next to him with the sketchpad and crayons, grinning when Steve comes in to roll his eyes at them; wants him to invite Arto back into the workshop so they can tinker with his bike; wants him lying around on the couches, sharing popcorn and pulling holes in every sci-fi film they watch.
“No, no,” Steve says, reaching out to run a hand over Arto’s hair. “Not at all. It’s not about winning. Especially not with someone you love. I guarantee, for as shit as we feel right now, Tony will be feeling worse. I wouldn’t consider that winning.”
“I guess I can do my best,” Tony said, fingers tapping out a random beat against his slacks.
Despite Tony’s melancholy, Steve was insistent. Mouthing at the base, he slid his lips up Tony’s shaft to the tip to taste, and Tony moaned softly, body twitching into hardening awareness.
“What a shame,” Crossbones said as Tony’s leg buckled under his weight and sent him sprawling again. He couldn’t see properly, the darkness of the night and the disorientation from the wreck making it difficult to focus. “Here I thought I wouldn’t get a chance at you alone this soon. You’re either always with Rogers or in your armor. Imagine my delight when I see you out of your suit in such a deserted place. Not very smart of you, Stark.”
“I’ll take that back,” Tony said, tone steady for all that he felt like he was underwater. “Or are you going to ruin it like everything else?”
“Then, I’ll just have to give you something to remember me by,” Steve said, and he peeled Tony’s briefs off, scraping his teeth down Tony’s pelvis until he got to his cock.
And the nightmares of a colorful gauntlet and a wish so powerful that the world changed.
Tony continued to hit his hands against the wall, the only real motion left to him because of his position. He moaned, a long and unbroken sound of need. The muscles flexed in his hips, under Steve’s hands, and he gripped Tony a little tighter, warning.
“I know you’re listening, because you can’t do anything else,” Steve said through the clench of his teeth, the ticking muscle in his jaw, “Tony, I’m going to say this once. Give in. Now.”
“Ring the bell, gorgeous. It’s time,” he said, pressing hard on an earpiece that would have stood out with its bright purple if it hadn’t been hidden beneath his cowl. There was a slight scuffling sound in response, and he had to roll his eyes.
“Yes or no, Stark?” Fury asked, dipping a mozzarella stick in his marinara sauce, “I can only help you if you help me.”
Tony doesn’t remember passing out, but it was the sound of tables scraping out of the way, a cool hand on his forehead, and the roaring agony that ripped through his arm that brought him back to consciousness.
He needs to get over it. He needs to grab the mixer and go back out there so his friends could drink more and be happier still.
“Thanks, Candace,” Fury said, brushing the shells into his palm and dropping them on the plate she’d left on the table with the rolls.
Well, Tony had paid the price for Steve’s failure, hadn’t he? How was Steve supposed to accept that? How was he supposed to live with that knowledge, and the very fact that he’d done nothing but lie to Tony’s face and use him for the so-called ‘greater good’?.
Tony lifted his hands up to curl around Steve’s neck, mouth opening eagerly under Steve’s. He moaned, the sound catching awkwardly in the angle of his throat, but eventually, Steve pulled back a little to plant of chaste kiss to the end of Tony’s nose.
“I know nothing of the sort. I reject the implication.”
“They brought me into your relationship. Now, I’m going to show them how it’s done before I bow out.” Pepper snaps her fingers. “With your permission, of course.”
“You’ve never come to the armory. How were you supposed to know?”
“Just as you said, Doctor. He looks to be a worthy fighter. Come, let me see those bindings. I fear my brother’s been up to his old tricks.”
Holding onto that thought like a beacon, he stops himself crying and pulls himself together. And when he climbs out of bed, fetches his new books and starts to read, it feels like it's the bravest thing he's ever done.
When he wakes, Steve is sitting there with his sketchpad on his knee, drawing. Arto makes a noise so that Steve knows he’s awake, pulling his headphones off and tossing them aside.
Steve’s expression goes pained. “In my opinion, yes,” he says. He sounds like he’s choosing his words very carefully. “But that is not what your opinion should be based on. You shouldn’t be forming an opinion yet because you’ve not spoken to Tony. You wanted to come with me because you wanted to stick with me, not because-”
“Okay, I know, I know,” Steve says.
“Yesterday.”
“You’re back!” Arto shouts, and before Nick can say anything, he climbs up and over the desk, jumping into Tony’s arms. Tony makes a pained noise and lifts him up, pressing a kiss to his cheek.
Clint waves at him across the table, snagging his attention. “So what’s your plan today, Art?”
“She’s going to be mad at us for leaving, isn’t she?”
There’s another long silence. It’s never been like this before. They’ve always had endless things to talk about, could stay on the phone for hours if left to it. But now there’s a big gap between them and Arto doesn’t know what to do.
“Great, I've raised a feral child,” Steve says, but hands over a wrapped breakfast burrito without any further argument.
And Steve seems to deflate, his shoulders sagging again. He rubs his eyes with his fingers, then just gives up and covers them with his palm. He swallows hard, his adam’s-apple bobbing in his throat.
“Or?”
“Me too. I miss Peter and Omari. And swimming lessons.”
Steve seems to consider that. He’s being very calm and thoughtful which Arto is grateful for; he doesn’t think he’d get through this if Steve were freaking out too. “And you’re upset and panicking because you’re drawn towards clothes that are typically for girls.”
“I honestly don’t know, I’m not you, I don’t know how you’ll feel,” Steve says, which isn’t helpful. “I’ll support you whatever happens. But the end game of this is that we go home, and we forgive and move on.”
“Oh man,” Bucky says, sitting down on the corner of Arto’s bed, rubbing his fingers through his damp hair. Clint sits down behind him, presses a quick kiss to the space between Bucky’s shoulders.  Bucky heaves out a sigh. “If he keeps hurting Steve like this-”
“You’re allowed to be,” Steve says. “Just don’t drag him over the coals unnecessarily, okay? Do you what you need to do. If the friendship is important, you find a way to forgive him and you don’t keep taking it out on him.”
He’s aware of Steve kneeling down next to him, a hand on his shoulder. All he can do is rest his forehead against his knees, breathe shallowly in and out through his mouth and try and not think about that seventeen percent.
Steve opens his mouth in affront, ready to object to the fact that Clint just basically called him an evil genius, but priorities. “So what do I do? Call him out on it and talk it out, which will take-”
Tony looks at Steve and Steve looks at Tony, and they both say 'no' at the same time. Arto gapes at them both, rearing back in affront. For a moment Steve internally cringes, thinking that Arto will start to object in a more forceful manner, but then he just huffs and buries his face in Steve's chest.
Arto looks up and shouts something indecipherable; Nick turns around to see the door opening and Tony wandering in, grinning widely at Arto.
Omari laughs, going to sit on Arto’s bed. Peter pokes his head back out of the closet, looking sheepish. “Sorry,” he says. “For waking you up, and for the whole ignoring you thing.”
He strides over and reaches for Arto, grabbing him under his arms and lifting him off of Clint. Arto flails for a moment, and then makes a noise of protest as Steve swings him to the floor. A few feet away, Natasha is watching with careful eyes, book still in hand but body coiled ready to pounce if necessary.
It takes until Ohio for him to pluck up the courage to ask Steve about it.
“Oh god,” Steve says.
“Buck, go find out what’s keeping them,” Sam suggests, and Bucky nods and goes.
“How much would I have to pay you to stop shouting about your nuts in public?” Steve asks, signalling to a cab and reaching back to guide Arto along, a hand on his shoulder.
A lone ant breaks away from the column and jogs over: Coulson. Steve winds his window down.
“Okay, good,” Tony says, holding up his hands, a little alarmed at Arto’s vehement reaction. “Calm down.”
,’ look. Arto’s torn between being grateful that Bucky is kicking Steve’s ass into gear and wanting to kick Bucky because hello, Steve is sad and that’s Tony’s fault, not his.
“You know I’d never let anything happen to him, right?”
Everyone shows for team dinner. Even Natasha, who has been back from DC for all of an hour. She arrives just in time but still in uniform, walking over to kiss Arto’s forehead and tutting at the state of his nail varnish. “You said you wouldn’t chew them,” she says, but she doesn't sound too cross. She looks carefully at him and Arto decides to look at his phone instead of her face because he loves her, but he doesn’t like the way she can read everything about him just by looking. He knows Steve doesn’t like it either.
“Arto it was the
Arto can’t move, can’t even think. He wants to scream, to drown out the nasty voice in his head that is telling him that his family has fallen apart.
“Oh, no,” Omari says, sounding helpless. “Arto, that’s - that’s so bad.”
“Just because everyone else in the house is gay doesn’t mean I am,” Arto says loudly, and then, “Sorry.”
Thank you to Liz for flailing about Steve 'awful-liar' Rogers and Tony 'king-of-fronting' Stark with me. Much appreciated.
“What?”
“They are making good Lucky Charms, just the good bits!” Arto says, twisting his hand out of Steve’s grip and instead grabbing hold of the pockets of his jeans, yanking hard.
He looks up, meets Tony’s concerned gaze. Reaches out on instinct, gently touching the crinkles next to Tony’s eyes. “I’m okay,” he says, dropping his hand. “I’m...healing.”
He takes a long shower, gets dressed in his new shirt-dress and leggings combo, slouches into the kitchen-living area to find both his dads awake and making out in front of the refrigerator, which is kinda just inconsiderate.
“Yeah one broke, so I had to get them fixed so Steve took me out to get them fixed,” Arto explains in a rush. “It peeled off after I had a bath so I thought about just taking them all off and didn’t want them any more but then I did.”
Bucky asks him if he wants to go into pretty much every store he glances at but he shakes his head at the first few. He’s happy just to look. Well, that is until Bucky stops dead in the middle of the street and says, “pick a shop, Short Round, or imma start pickin’ for you.”
“-with Captain Rogers, who according to reports, is currently in Chicago,” the anchor says. “Whether the pair will attend the gala as expected remains to be seen.”
“Well I did what you said. I read some more stuff. And I thought about it,” Arto says, pulling at the corner of the blanket. “There's more people like me. And - and it said that if I change my mind later on that okay.”
“Yeah, you just need a tragic backstory,” Steve agrees.
“Next one, Art,” Steve prompts, and Arto nods and kneels up, holding onto to Clint’s shoulders and gently squeezing with his thumbs, just like his therapist showed him.
“Fine, but he basically said it,” Arto says, then, “He’s been working all the time.”
Steve turns to look at him. “I am not taking Tony’s son away from him,” he says, so quiet that it sounds dangerous.
The next day, Arto is awful. He’s snotty and rude and upsets Anna at breakfast by shouting at Steve, and then storms off in a huff. Steve looks heavenward and visibly counts to ten, and Tony leans across the table, head in his hands. He peers up across at Clint, Bucky and Anna, looks to Sam and Rhodey and then finally at Nat.
“Well, I took Steve’s credit card so yeah, might as well,” Bucky says.
“I do,” Steve says. “Gotta earn my tortured martyr points somehow.”
“S’okay,” Arto says, then, “Which time?”
“You nearly missed Christmas,” Arto accuses.
Arto nods. “Yeah,” he says. “I think that might be part of the other argument though.”
“Well, yeah, but that doesn’t mean he should get away with it.”
Both are from Peter.
Omari suddenly stops waving his arms about and trying to separate them. “Someone’s coming!”
“Yeah, I’m old, laugh it up,” Steve says, tossing the remote aside. He reaches over, pulls Arto into a hug, rocking them side to side, swaying so far that his feet tip off the floor, one after the other. He does that for a while and then states the obvious by saying, “I’m not going.”
Just to prove a point to himself, he texts the same picture to Omari. Within a minute, he gets a text back that consists of four thumbs up emojis and the words ‘
“You asked.”
a Young Avenger not that I can’t
Arto feels like his face is on fire. “No,” he says, stares at her so hard that his eyes water. “I want her dress.”
And Arto feels his resolve crumble. He’d wanted to stay mad at Tony for forever, because being mad at him was easy when compared to all the other feelings he’d have to face, but he can't. He can't do it, Tony is his dad and he loves him and he misses him-
Steve glances at it, then says, “mother
“So.”
Arto nods. “What if I find out what he did and it’s so bad that…”
“Because he jumped over the hedge and tried to get photos of us, and when we tried to get past him, the lensy bit on his camera hit Anna on her head!”
Tony shows Arto and Steve around, and while Arto concedes that the house - the motherfucking
“Never.”
And Arto throws himself into the car, hands shaking with rage, barely able to see. He’s so angry he could tear something apart, how fucking dare Steve stand there and dictate to him how he’s going to live his life, what he should or shouldn’t do-
Arto is barely aware of how loud he snaps the word, not until Steve jerks his head up in shock. Arto shakes his head, hands balling into fists. “We are not going home, he nearly killed himself and you’re forgiving him and saying that we’re going home?!”
Arto stands with his forehead pressed to the cold glass of his bedroom’s floor to ceiling windows, phone in hand. Staring out at the bleak January sky beyond, he lifts the phone to his ear and hits the dial symbol again. It rings and rings and then goes to voicemail again, Peter’s chirpy tones telling him to leave a message. He feels his stomach twist up into a sick knot, his throat going tight. That’s five calls and Peter still isn’t picking up. He’s read Arto’s texts though, the double blue tick on whatsapp mocking Arto whenever he checks the conversation.
“Peter text me saying that Omari had said that you and Tony had split up.”
Arto debates going back to sleep but remembers that they’re meant to be going home this morning, So drags himself up and stumbles blearily towards the shower. Of course that takes him almost an hour to get through, which isn’t his fault because he was dreaming about the Victoria Secrets models again, and if Steve mentions it he’s going to die of embarrassment. Regardless of fault or motive, by the time he’s washed up and done, Steve’s already packed all their stuff and is sitting sipping a cup of coffee, bags stacked neatly by up by the elevator.
Arto thrusts the book at him. “Nothing,” he tries. “I’m not.”
He doesn't get to see what's in the workshop. He gets half a flight of stairs away and freezes as he hears shouting. Angry voices interrupting and overlapping each other. He can hear Steve bellowing, calling someone selfish, and Tony shouting right back at him.
Arto shakes his head, dipping his chin down into the collar of his coat and biting at the zip. “My nails are a mess,” he mumbles.
Steve plays his turns on the game dutifully, though he’ll admit that his attention isn't there. His eyes slide to the family tree that has been stuck on the front of the refrigerator, held in place by two magnets in the shape of Mjolnir and the Hulk. He stares at the picture of himself, of the green line connecting him to Arto, thinking about Arto whispering ‘green’ to him earlier.
The words hang there, out in the open. He doesn’t think Clint will say anything bad but it’s still so scary, that moment where it’s out there and there’s nothing he can do about it. He feels a hand on his shoulder, and when he looks up, Clint is just watching him with a small smile on his face, nodding like he gets it and he knows. Arto slides off his chair and happily falls into Clint’s arms for a hug.
“Would you order me one of everything?” Steve asks, looking down as Arto twists around and nudges him, pointing towards the tablet. He obediently taps the dice and watches as his counter - a small green frog, by the looks of things - slides four spaces past Arto’s pink pig counter and straight up a ladder.
“Well, glad to see that life a la Hydra hasn’t done anything to his imagination,” Tony says vaguely from across the counter.
"Better than none," Tony says, and leans in for a kiss.
“You’re not allowed, I’m not risking pissing Steve off-”
Out front, they can see a mini-welcoming committee: Storm is there, alongside Omari and another young student, both of them waving. Oh god, it's sweet, but really it just means they've got an audience for a meltdown.
“I’m coming with you.”
Arto follows him, not quite with it enough to argue. He’s now living in a mansion. Where is his room gonna be? Who else is going to be there? He asks Bucky that as they round the corner of the house.
Steve tosses it over without argument and Arto leans the phone up against the carton of juice, video calling Clint’s phone. It rings and rings and for once stomach-dipping awful moment he thinks that Clint isn’t going to answer and then it connects to reveal Bucky.
Instead, he walks over and joins them, jumping up onto the bed and crowding up against the headboard in what is pretty much the only space left.
“Fifty fifty at the moment,” Tony says. “I have faith in your manipulation skills. I mean your parenting skills.”
is the headline and he wants to throw the phone just from reading that. At least he’s being called by his own name now, rather than ‘Cap’s kid,’ which he usually is.
“Okay you can go now.”
He goes back to the communal floor, flings himself onto the couches next to Sam. Clint is sitting on the floor with Anna lying on her changing mat in front of him; she’s still got her stupid headband on. Bucky is nowhere to be seen, which is probably a good thing considering the next thing Arto decides to say.
“What are you doing here?!” Arto says, bouncing Anna about and making her shriek.
Bucky grins at him and winks, but before anyone can say anything, the smile vanishes from his face like a light has been switched off. Arto feels a thrill of alarm down his spine, a very visceral fear reaction at Bucky’s face doing that, and then he hears
“Yeah,” Arto says. “Come and watch the film.”
the Young Avengers-”
“Oh no,” Tony deadpans. “Steve is about to shut me up with sex, however shall I cope.”
. He’s glued to his phone, harasses Clint about the Young Avengers, slinks off from conversations and seems as irritable as he was eighteen months ago when hormones started being a thing.
he mouths, and then turns around, not quite quickly enough to hide the grin.
Arto nods and slithers off the counter, going to find his shoes. Steve watches him go, reaching out to lean on Tony’s shoulder. “I hope this works,” he says in an undertone.
“Your fault that I've got a super soldier appetite,” Arto shrugs, shuffling up to sit against the headboard and unwrapping his burrito. Steve just lounges back across the foot of Arto’s bed, propped up on one elbow and eyes gazing absently out of the window. He looks tired, Arto thinks abruptly. Still young, but tired.
“You’re gonna spoil her,” Clint says, exasperated.
The reporters face went from puce to a sickly grey so quickly it looked like he’d lost several pints of blood. “Maybe we can deal with this like adults?” he said quickly. “Maybe I don’t need to press charges?”
“Okay,” Peter says, looking nervous. “Can we shut the door?”
Tony blinked slowly up at him, and Steve once again felt a thrill of fear—but then his vision seemed to sharpen, and Steve sighed softly in relief.  "Yeah," he managed, though his voice was a little shaky.  It sounded like he'd recently been coughing.  "Sorry, I just—I've been hit with a lot of stuff, I think.  Steve, this guy is crazy.  We have to get out of here."
Arto sticks close, fingers snagging on the arm of Steve’s coat and holding on. Steve doesn’t seem to mind in the slightest, even though there’s several points where they literally bump into each other because Arto’s all up in his personal space.
“Yeah but that’s normal for you,” Steve says. “Not for him.”
“Think someone’s tired,” Tony’s voice calls pointedly, and Steve glances back to see that Tony, Bucky and Bruce are all watching him. An irrational hit of paranoia jabs him in the stomach, and he wrestles down the feeling that he’s being tested.
Steve heaves out a sigh, rubbing hard at his face. “Okay,” he says, like he’s gathering himself. “Okay. Whatever you decide, we can work with.”
“Yeah,” Arto replies sullenly, but doesn’t move. Tony rolls his eyes and then shoves back at him so he’s got enough room to maneuver, twisting around and wrapping Arto’s ever-growing frame into a hug.
“God, you’re gross, I don’t want girl advice from you,” Arto says, wrinkling his nose.
The question is aimed at Clint, who shakes his head ruefully. “No,” he says. “Still a girl.”
“He’s sixteen, honey,” Tony says, reaching back and patting Steve’s cheek. “We’re lucky we avoided it for this long.”
“I’m Captain America, I do plenty of dangerous things.”
Arto focusses on playing around with the front console. His nails make it surprisingly difficult to navigate the touch screen, like the added millimetres of gel polish have somehow rendered his fingers completely incapable. When he gets the hang of it - angling his fingers slightly differently to compensate - he tries flicking through digital radio stations before dismissing them all and syncing up his cell. He deliberately keeps his eyes down, not watching as they pull away from Avengers Tower.
“What?”
“Yeah, you got real used to it,” Clint replies, and Bucky just smirks.
Steve smiles weakly. “Green,” he murmurs back, and looks over his shoulder as he hears approaching footsteps. It’s Tony, looking concerned and spinning his sunglasses around by the arm.
Steve blinks down at him, nonplussed. “You can buy Lucky Charms.”
“No, that’s now two weeks of weirdness, I’m intervening,” Steve says, and then raises his voice. “Hey Arto, who’re you texting?”
Steve stays quiet while Arto demolishes his breakfast and for a moment Arto thinks that that's it, that they're not going to talk about yesterday.
Something breaks, the shattering of glass.
Steve catches Arto’s attention and they both move on, this time for a scalp massage that always leaves Clint’s hair sticking up every which way, no matter which gender he is or isn’t.
By the time they’ve talked some more, been for a walk in the snow to tire Anna out, had dinner, put Anna through her bedtime routine, watched a film, got ready for bed themselves...he’s about ready to explode. Trying to keep it in literally keeps him awake, so he finds himself tiptoeing down the hall to room number #2, the one Bucky and Clint have claimed. He deliberately makes noise when he gets close to the door, knocking very softly so he wakes Bucky but not Anna. Even as he pushes the door open over the thick carpet and waits for his eyes to adjust, Bucky is sitting up in the bed, rubbing at his eyes and yawning.
They can, however, peg him for bad decisions, and as previously mentioned, this is a spectacularly bad one. Tony can see the man like a damn beacon in this dimly-lit hellhole; with blonde hair and blue eyes so bright, he can't help but draw notice in the sea of dark clothes and creaking leather.
“I just need to borrow Mr. Stark. We’ll send you the mock-up,” she says and then she’s dragging Tony out of the chair and the plug ratchets up further and his knees buckle, but Pepper’s grip is tight and she’s dragging him out of the cafe and to the elevator. His pants are shifting all over his cock and he’s panting now.
And it does seem to think that Steve is going to lose his marbles over it, which doesn’t make him feel great.
“I am,” Steve replies, equally as insistently. “Get in the car, then I’ll get in the other side.”
He stares down at the text, wanting to ignore it but knowing how shitty it feels to be ignored. He doesn’t want to take it out on Omari. His life is rough enough anyway.
Arto nods. He’s desperate to get back now, wanting to see Tony and check he’s okay and packed up his extremis project as promised; to see Clint, Bucky and Anna; to check in with Nat and go get his nails done again, to get her to take him shopping; all his friends and his school and his swimming lessons. He’s got a lot to go back for, and as he thinks about it he feels both ridiculously lucky and a little embarrassed by how much he freaked out about Peter not talking to him. Though it wasn’t just that, he tells himself. He had a lot of shit going on.
“Don’t you start,” he says, and Tony leans in to kiss him. His eyes slide shut and he holds his breath in his chest, exhaling slowly through his nose as Tony brushes his fingertips against his jaw.
Arto expects Steve to reiterate that it’s just bullshit but he doesn't. He just stares like he’s confused by what’s happening, then nods curtly and walks out of the room. Mouth hanging open, Arto stares after him.
And he barges in to find Steve sitting on the edge of their fully made bed, twisting his hands together as he stares out the window.
He should probably draw a new family tree or something. Though with Tony so far away, he doesn’t think he can bring himself to do it.
“We didn’t,” Bucky says innocently. “Well, not much, anyway.”
Arto shoves the phone back in his pocket before Steve actually takes it off him. He picks up his fork and goes back to poking at his dinner, not remotely interested in vegetables. He wants to eat pizza and donuts and the box of pop-tarts that he knows Clint has hidden in the back of the kitchen cupboard.
“Oh my god, you were gone for ten minutes,” Tony says. “How?”
“You are a very brave, very amazing small super-soldier,” Clint says. “And I’m glad you told me. Thank you.”
The front doors open, spilling children out into the late afternoon sun. Some head for the wide open space of the lawn, some go around the side of the building towards the gardens. Steve watches the flood become a trickle, growing more and more anxious with every unfamiliar figure that passes by. Then finally, after what feels like an age, Arto appears. He's not alone; he's being carried by Clint, clinging to him like a very blond and very enthusiastic backpack. He's laughing and swinging his lunchbox around with a fervour which means Clint is dangerously close to getting a concussion. Bucky follows right behind them, sunglasses and black outfit making him look every inch the bodyguard.
“Okay, okay. Just give my nerves time to settle.”
Steve’s smile slips into something smaller but more real. “Yeah,” he says heavily. “I’d like that, Art.”
one,” Arto says, with an overdramatic whine and slump into Steve, mashing his face into Steve’s belly.
“That has no impact on who he wants to…well.” Steve clears his throat, moving on which is great because if he mentions sex again then Arto will die of embarrassment. “Are you saying that he should be? What about me? Am
The apartment in Chicago is stunning. It feels weirdly small compared to Avengers tower, probably because the penthouse apartment is spread over a single floor rather than the million that Arto has run of at home. It’s not as high-tech, either: there’s no Jarvis, minimal automated systems. It’s spotlessly clean though and feels super expensive. Maybe it’s the furniture, maybe it’s the lack of personal junk, maybe it’s the goddamn home cinema room. Arto can’t quite put his finger on it.
at each other.”
“No,” Arto says, watching as Clint runs to the side of the pool, leaping up to grab the edge and hauling himself out. “There is nothing better than having an Olympic sized pool in the back yard.”
...but on the whole, he thinks he can deal with it. He’ll take a few healing emotional scars in exchange for his family back together.
“Arto?”
“Now is not the time to talk about it,” Steve snaps.
“I am your favourite,” Arto says, and taps the pen against the paper contemplatively. He hesitates then draws a doodle of himself in the bottom corner, curled up very small and sad. Steve immediately takes the pen back and draws himself draping a blanket covered in love hearts over the small sad Arto-drawing.
“No, I’m actually calling you to tell you that Tony’s gone crazy.”
Unfortunately, the two people he’s looking for aren't present, which just compounds his bad mood into a terrible one. Sam is at the counter doing a jigsaw puzzle, Bucky is on the phone with a very pissed off expression in place, Clint is at the coffee maker and Anna is beelining for the Christmas tree, eyes fixed on the baubles. She’s not got the hang of walking properly yet - she tends to toddle along at an ever-increasing speed until she barrels into something or someone.
sounds even worse.
It’s Steve who breaks the silence, voice calm and gentle and low. “That happen before? More than just tonight?”
Arto scowls at her. “Shut up,” he says. “Don’t make it weird, he’s my friend. And I don’t know how many times I have to say it, I’m not gay.”
“I’ll take him this phone,” Arto says, his own voice wobbling. “Will you call me back tomorrow?”
“Bingo bingo,” Clint says, complete with matching finger guns. “Now it’s
She holds out her arms so Steve capitulates, taking her and giving Arto a chance to wrestle out of his coat. He tosses it onto the back of a chair and then clambers onto the couch, pushing at Clint for a hug. He’s practically vibrating with excitement, wants to blurt out all of his news and the things he’s discovered. He wrestles back out of the hug and opens his mouth, finds he can’t find the words so he just settles for shoving his hands in Clint’s face.
“But if I start picking out girl clothes and they-”
So I wrote this while stuck in an airport in Ireland like forever ago. Originally posted on Tumblr. And, I've just realised, it is in past tense, which none of the rest of Counterpart Verse is in. What the hell, tenses.
“That’s enough,” Steve says.
Arto feels the case crack in his hand. “He’s been ignoring me for
“So dumb,” Arto mutters, but he does.
“Yeah. But it’s okay. I’m still straight. And I’m not….transgender or anything. I’m male.”
“I’m okay,” Clint says, and sits up. “Just caught me wrong.”
“Omari!” Arto exclaims, dropping Peter and stretching a hand out for Omari to grab. Damn, sometimes he wishes he could just hug him tight like he does with Peter and the others, but he knows how much he hates having too much pressure on his scales.
They both stumble to a stop in the door of the medbay. Bucky is straddling the chair, grinning like a loon. Natasha is standing next to him, looking like she can’t decide if this is the best or worst day ever. Clint himself – herself – is sitting on the medical trolley, swinging his – her – feet and letting Bruce check his pupils.
“Did a bad guy take your eye?”
Arto shakes his head, bottom lip jutting out. Steve winces, knowing that that pout is 100% Rogers stubbornness. And he knows that maybe, just maybe, he gets most stubborn when he’s not feeling one hundred percent confident.
He’s hovering on the other side of the glass, repulsors flaring bright against the dark of the night sky. Arto can only stare, now feeling like his heart has upped and left his body entirely.
Then at three PM, Steve gets back in Bucky's car and tears his way up to the school, feeling oddly nervous, like he's five foot nothing and trying to blag his way into the US army all over again. He parks up and waits in the car, drumming his fingers on the wheel and resisting the urge to go in and bodily remove Arto from the building. Christ, what were they thinking, letting Arto go to school. He's not ready for school. What if it's not secure? What if someone has been mean to him, what if he's gotten upset and had a tantrum, what if he didn't eat his lunch, what if-
“The memorial he mentioned… Did he mean the one for your parents?”
“Yes, sir,” Jarvis answered, and the rest of Tony’s flight was silent and uninterrupted.
“It can still be overwhelming some days,” Steve was admitting as he scraped the butter knife over his roll. He’d split it easily between his fingers, thumb nail slicing down the center of it in a way that shouldn’t have had desire warming Tony’s gut and yet… “It’s getting better, though. The past couple of months have helped a lot.”
“Precisely, sir,” Jarvis answered, “If you can make the time, a dead zone can be created stretching here and here.”
“Plus, we are not so different, you and I,” Natasha continued. “We are both considered outsiders, that we don’t belong. The men here fear us and lash out in hatred because of it. As I said, you are very strong to not let them break you. Very stubborn, too, to not give them up. If it were me, I’d have cut out their hearts by now.
Steve swayed momentarily, ears ringing, although he held onto Tony for dear life—unwilling to let him go even if it was to stem the blood he could already feel running from his side.  He turned, though, and found Tem on the ground, reloading a gun.  "You," he managed, torn on what to do next—he couldn't fight him, not while injured and carrying Tony, but he couldn't turn his back on him, either.  Tony made his decision for him, though, pushing at his chest hard until he tumbled out of Steve's arms and landed with a grunt against the floor.
Tony glanced away, disconcerted.  "What do you mean?"
Tony blinked slowly.  "Steroids?" he said.  "Where did we get those?  For that matter, where are we?"
Fate has a way of kicking you in the ass sometimes, it seems.
Find the man. Get the final piece.  Bring everyone home.
But almost as soon as his eyes shut, he remembers—he remembers the last thing Steve said to him, remembers the final promise he made to the man he loved—
Tony looks up at him, raising one eyebrow.  “Just good?” he asks, pouting.
"Obviously," Steve said as he shoveled bacon and eggs into his mouth.  The bacon was salty and the eggs were fluffy and all of it was wonderful.  This was the best dream ever. "Who knows when I'm gonna eat this well again?"
Maybe he could turn things around a little, though.  "Ich bin es!" he shouted.
“I saved the world while you were vacationing in London!” Tony snaps back, stepping toward him in turn.  “And for your information, the virus has a 97.5% fatality rate and I could have
Tony's hands were back in his hair. "Don't start with that kind of talk, Steve.  Come on.  You're a super soldier.  You gonna let Hydra get the better of you?"
"I hate magic," he muttered, and flopped back down.
There were a lot of them.  Various men in uniform who Tony assumed were the famed Howling Commandos—they looked vaguely familiar, at least.  There was one man in particular who kept on showing up, labeled as “Bucky”.  Then there was a woman, too, labeled only as “Agent 13”.
“Sorry,” Rogers replied, but he didn’t stop.  “I don’t want to risk infection.  It doesn’t look like its claws were poisonous, but it doesn’t hurt to be careful.”
"Yeah, okay, I get it," Ty replied.  "You love your mom and you think she's the best and everything she does is right.  I
Steve thinks about the shudder he felt, thinks about how massive that iceberg was.  “I… I don’t see any damage.  Do you think we’re okay?”
"You recognize me?"
The first hour or so that they spent walking on Chinese—or Japanese if the Axis powers were to be believed, though Tony wasn't inclined to do so—soil was eventless for the most part, filled with heavy breaths as Rhodey led them down the mountain and through the dense underbrush.  They'd tried, unsuccessfully, to see Yinxu proper from their vantage point, but the air was heavy and humid, and Tony knew better than to try to make any assumptions when the hot air was playing tricks on their eyes.  For now, the plan was the same as before: to get there first, and
"Well, I'm sure with you around I'll stay in one piece," Tony said.  He swung his off the bed and managed to stand.  At least his legs were fine.  "Anything we gotta do before we go?  Pay?"
Tony exhales, watching his breath be blown away.  He hadn’t even noticed the wind before, but now that he’s aware of it, he feels like it’s cutting into his skin, leeching away the last remnants of his warmth.  He wonders how long the two of them can last like this, out in the open and draped in wet clothes, the wind gusting across their bodies.  It probably doesn’t help that he’s lost so much blood by now, either.  But it’s not something he wants to think about for long, so he turns back to Steve, looking at the ice crystals forming against his skin, his hair.  Weakly, he reaches up, brushing some of it away.  “Cold,” he murmurs.
Having never been rich himself, Steve has to admit he doesn’t actually know what Tony’s talking about.  He knows a few things about father issues, though.  “What’s wrong with Sunset and your father?”
Jessica rose, looking again at the door.  Steve thought he heard her sniffling, though he decided not to comment on it.  "The food should be in there," she said.  "But…"
too easily.  "Thanks," he muttered, trying to sound cool about it and failing miserably.
"Maybe," Tony said, but he didn't sound convinced.  "But people
He sighs, resting his head against the pole and closing his eyes.  He loves Tony, he thinks.  He loves him so much and he should have said it earlier but now it’s too late, and Tony’s going to live his life feeling like no one ever did.
Blindly, Steve slides his hands down Tony’s back, feeling muscle shifting under his skin—and goodness, wouldn’t it be lovely if he could just lie here all day, feeling him?  But he has a task to do, and he has no intention of letting Tony down.  So he slips his hands around to Tony’s front, fingers brushing against the trail of hair that starts just above his pants before moving downward, undoing the buttons there.
," Steve said next, and his tone was so calm, so accepting, Tony could almost imagine him at the bedside of a child, putting them to sleep.  "
Steve closed his eyes again.  God, he thought.  What could he even say to that?
April 23, 1945.
It might be that way for the rest of his life, he realized suddenly.  A crippled body in constant pain, missing a piece of his soul that had disappeared half a decade ago.  Was that really something he wanted?
The fighter started shooting at them, and Pepper squeezed her eyes shut as Rhodey shivered slightly beneath Tony's arm.  Bullets hit the ground several feet to their left and got closer by the second.  They were going to get it this time, they were, they were—
"Just keep going!"
Tony beams.  Steve isn’t mad at him.  The moment is ruined, though, when Howard narrows his eyes, looking Steve up and down.  “Interesting,” he muses.  “How is it that a man of such little means or purpose owns any sort of refined clothing?”
Steve held his tongue, though, and didn't call him out.  He looked around instead, needing to know even if he dreaded hearing the answer.  "And Jim?"
Luke took it.  "This is a map of Canada," he said after a moment.  "Damn."
No, he told himself.  Not now; he didn't have the time, because he had a class to get to.  While Dad wouldn't care, Mom would be so disappointed if she learned that he was being truant.  And he never wanted to disappoint her.
“Sure I have.”  Rogers turned his attention back to the notepad, scribbling something down.  Probably more notes.  “Used to be a big fan.”
He watches as Tony runs his hand against the rail, brows furrowing before he turns to meet his eyes again.  “No,” the other man says at last.  “I don’t think we are.”
"So," he announced to Pepper, Rhodey, and Cap, who were all still waiting behind him with varying levels of anxiety.  "I think it's time to take some risks."
Cap tilted his head slightly.  "Yeah?" he asked.
Cap looked confused again, shrugging after a moment.  "It was a hunch," he said.
"Yes," he said, wondering where this was going.  "But I don't know if it'll be clear. "
His fingers hovered over the lid, trembling.  He was afraid. What if Steve hadn't left anything in here?  What if he
what Steve had been hoping for, but he hardly minds this, and so he shuts his eyes, kissing him back.  When they’re done, Tony goes back to resting his head against his shoulder, leaning against him.  “I think I’ve been waiting forever for you,” he says quietly.  “And I’m not letting you go so easily.”
Tony's Pa stared at him, as though shocked he'd even said anything.  Maybe Tony usually kept quiet. "No?" he repeated, and Steve could almost see his face getting redder and redder.  "What do you mean, no?"
Tony glanced at him.  He looked better than he had yesterday, though he was still a little pale.  "I know what you're thinking," he said.  "You want to see how different things are now.  Don't do it, Steve.  Remember your home the way it was."
know?” Steve asks, genuinely baffled.
Steve was also hopelessly flustered when it came to any sort of human interaction that involved the opposite sex.  ("Ty and two twin girls came up to me," he'd said. Tony had listened, intrigued, only to have Steve continue, "I told them I had to go to the bathroom and then I stayed there until I felt it was safe to come out again.  I didn't want to mess anything up for you, so I figured hiding was safer." Which was a nice thought, but Tony kind of felt that taking refuge in a bathroom to avoid talking to girls had already messed things up for him.)
“That’s me,” Rogers replied.  There was a rustling sound as Rogers seemed to be searching through his pack for something, though it was too dark for Tony to really know for sure.  Then Rogers found it—whatever it was—and continued, “Okay.  I’m going to turn on the flashlight, and then I’m going to throw it outside.  If the sabretooth goes after it, hit it in the face.  I’ll get out and attack it from behind.  Got it?”
Stark flapped a hand at him before going back to washing the clothes.  Steve hoped there was soap involved.  "Patience.  You'll learn everything soon enough, and then you'll wish you hadn't."
He shone his flashlight onto the glowing object once he got closer, seeing now that it was sitting on top of a small pedestal, decorated with more of those sabretooth drawings.  In the daylight, he suspected that this would all look quite unremarkable—it was just a rock sitting on a more shapely piece of rock.  But in the darkness, it shone a bright yellow, facets glistening the same color as the sun.  If this wasn’t the glowing circle from the paintings on the wall, he didn’t know what it was.
,” he says, and everyone else laughs uproariously.
fan," he said.  "Alright.  I'm trusting you to keep Tony safe."
“Yeah,” Steve breathes, voice tight.  It’s been a while—a
Tony found himself laughing, even though he couldn't explain why.  "No," he said, shaking his head.  "No, this is fine.  I'm okay with these circumstances."  He glanced up, struck by the intensity of Steve's gaze.  They'd known each other for—what, all of one week?—and yet Tony felt like it had been much longer.  He felt like they were bound together somehow, as though fate had somehow conspired to put them both right here and right now.
Steve closed his eyes for a moment, trying to process his thoughts.  He was happy. Right? That was what he was feeling. Because if Tony had been - intimate - with someone, then that meant he had found happiness with that person.  And if that person just so happened to be Ty, well, what was the issue with that? It didn't matter who, just as long as there was someone. And that in turn made Steve happy, because all he'd ever wanted was happiness for his own friends…
- but because he didn't want
He reads the note.  Then he takes a deep breath, thanks the lawyer for delivering it to him, and reads it again after the lawyer leaves.  It’s not terribly long, and for the most part, it’s exactly what he expected from Steve: a request to save Bucky and to keep Captain America alive.
“Shush,” Tony says as he places his ear against the door, then nods and pushes it open, looking around.  “Coast is clear.  We should be safe for a while.”
"Oh, my God," she breathed, and then she was off like a shot.
They were still gone.  Maybe Steve should just go after them.  He had to protect Tony, and he wasn't sure if he trusted the woman just yet.
"Camilli is the first one up for the Dodgers," said that same voice, but pitched lower, like he was trying to sound older.  "He has two hits and has scored one run so far. Hockett's on the mound. He's going into his wind-up - here's his initial pitch - foul ball, going into the stands to the right of the plate.  One strike on Dolph Camilli. One strike, new ball… this is the last half of the first inning - Ma, can you believe it? I can make my own broadcasts!" There was a delighted laugh, one that sounded like Tony yet also not like him because
"He made sure to stress that you thought you were part of those plans," added Pepper.
(A stray thought popped up, reminding him that this had happened before when he was six, and if he focused hard enough he could still make out the faces of what must have been Steve's parents back at that age.)
"Colonel in the Women's Army Corps," Jessica replied.  "I didn't know her then.  But after we met she told me she missed flying a hell of a lot."  She sighed and continued, "Let's go before I break into tears."
It was up to Steve, now, to make sure his legacy remained.  Up to Steve to ensure that his contributions weren't lost.  Steve was alive where so many other people weren't, and it was because of Tony.  He couldn't let it be in vain.
"Hey.  Wake up."
riding you.”
“Tony!” he hears; Steve is moving his arm, and everything momentarily vanishes in a flash of pain.  “Jesus, you’re bleeding—”
Steve forced himself to his feet, swaying a little but managing to remain upright.  Tony didn't stop him, his hands dropping out of Steve's hair.  "I got bit because of myself," Steve said.  "You need to stop doing this, Tony."
Steve squinted at him, still a little bleary from sleep and… other things, trying to figure out who he was.  Probably not his Pa; the age difference seemed too large and the idea of his Pa calling him
, Steve writes.
Jessica trailed off, and Luke picked up the thread.  "What Jess is too polite to say is that Burnside is fucking crazy," he said, jabbing the air with a finger.  "He calls himself the Grand Director and he won't shut up about the 'terrors' of communism.  Communism!  Like any of us give a shit about that when government doesn't exist anymore."
Tony looks thoughtful for a moment, then gets off him, reaching under the front passenger seat.  “The lady might keep some lotion in the glove compartment,” he explains when Steve makes a questioning sound, then straightens, looking triumphant and brandishing a bottle before starting to uncap it.
The woman nodded at Tony.  "You.  Come with me and we can get these things for your friend."
Tony closed his laptop and set it aside, scrubbing at his eyes.  He'd just told Steve the day before that it was okay to cry, but that didn't mean it was okay for
"Bullshit," Ty said, getting right into his face to hiss the word.  "But fine, I don't care anymore. Read your stupid history book. I'm leaving."
"Are you scared, Jarvis?" Tony asked.
There were several doors on the second level, each of them ajar to varying degrees.  Steve motioned for Tony to stay before cautiously approaching the door closest to them, looking inside.
“I agreed that he might not have been,” Steve corrected, “but I… He’s still killed people, Sam.”
“You were a lot more fun before this good guy, bad guy crap,” Tony mused, and Victor laughed softly.
“America’s Sweetheart?” Tony offered blandly. He followed behind Steve as he created a path through the lunch crowds.
“Shut up!” Steve spat through gritted teeth, “You- How- You can’t possibly… How do you
“First, I need you to calm down,” Steve replied, touching Tony’s chin briefly. Tony met his gaze and held it until he breathed out slowly. Satisfied, Steve dropped his hand, leaning back in the chair. “Second, it’s healing, but it’s going slowly. Probably because the rebar that got me was rusted.”
He felt split open around it, and he’d nearly cried out when Tony had delicately worked the rod into him. He’d bitten his tongue to prevent the noise, but he couldn’t stop the rutting of his hips the first time the rod had gone off. It spread wave after wave of electric stimulation that seemed to come from the very heart of his nervous system centered solely in his cock.
Sam downed his drink and visibly struggled not to come up coughing. Steve watched him patiently, leaning his cheek on his fist.
“I just wanted to make sure you were okay. You are, right? Okay, I mean.” But Steve’s expression was off, almost distant, and Tony’s senses were starting to pick up into protective instincts. “I-I won’t ask to come in, because you should rest, but-”
Tony’s body sucked him in, tightened around Steve until spots danced around his eyes in a white-out, He fucked into Tony once, twice, three times more before pulling his fingers free and pressing in as deep as he could to fill Tony up with his cum.
Unless one breaks first. But not surprisingly, they’re both very competitive, and neither one wants to be ‘sexiled’ for a week. It’s going to be a long night for them.
"Safe?" Tony chokes on the word in stunned disbelief. He still can’t turn around, staring at the shine on the rim of the shield. It’s still wet. Tony imagines it’s still warm.
Tony knows now that he's being watched.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replied agreeably. An orange light began to blink on Tony’s dashboard, and he groaned out loud.
Tony curled up on his side in the hospital bed.
Tony nodded and coughed again, curling up just a little. Ronin turned his head, looking down the length of Tony’s body. He used the end of his bow to prod Tony’s leg. Tony moaned haltingly, trying to draw the leg out of Ronin’s reach.
“Coulson cares about you,” Steve said tiredly, “He’s just making sure y-”
Tony sucked his teeth then strode up to the door. A bell -and Tony has to blink up at it for a few seconds- tinkles as he enters the shop.
“I miss having you at my back, Iron Man,” Steve murmured. No, that was his Captain’s gruffness. It sent arousal, blazing hot, down Tony’s spine, churning around his gut to thicken his cock. He suppressed his shiver, barely, and didn’t move. “And despite the way you spun that dream the other night, I like feeling you around me too. I’ll let you get away with it this time, but next time, don’t you dare substitute someone like that. That’s disrespectful, and it makes me really want to take you apart.”
Tony is a notorious flirt. Everyone knows it. What every doesn’t know, he’s also extremely shy in certain situations. And this is one of them. He’s full-on blushing by the time Steve is kneeling at his feet to measure his inseam.
He rubbed his own eyes as his sight went blurry, then just shut them with a heavy sigh, letting the gentle motion of the elevator lull him into a doze.
Tony didn’t waste any time. Steve was on the airstrip and Tony knew Steve didn't let the armor case out of his sight. Tony ran as best he could with his still-healing knee, pushing past confused agents and a shouting Hill. He didn't have time to care about their damn rules. The reports had to be lying. There was no way Victor would... He needed to see for himself and to do that, he needed his armor.
“Tony, we n-” Steve is cut off by the cocking of a gun behind him. The barrel of it presses to the back of his head, and Tony meets his gaze with a tilt of his head.
“It is,” Steve had confirmed and Bucky had hummed agreement.
“What?! God no! Howard would never. As much as he didn’t love me, he loved my mother. And I’m sure he planned to outlive me just so he had one more thing he could shake his head in disappointment at.”
Victor replied vaguely,
He thinks he used to talk to himself, but now he doesn’t remember the sound of his voice.
“J… make a… note…” Tony panted.
Steve turned his head to look at Tony, who sat in a chair by a window. He had his legs drawn up so that his feet were propped on the windowsill, and the cuffs of his sweatpants had slid up to reveal a smattering of dark hair on Tony’s ankle. It struck Steve as weirdly intimate. He cleared his throat and looked back to the armor.
“That’s what you’re upset about?” Steve scoffed and actually paced away from the bed before stalking back with a finger pointed at Tony. “You dropped a goddamn warehouse on me and you’re upset because I tried to get at least a good fuck out of it?”
“Yeah,” Tony nods, nods again and again. He can’t stop nodding until Steve’s around the table and they’re kissing. At first, Steve’s kiss is grateful and then it’s messy and dizzying.
Tony laughed. “You don’t have to change your music tastes just yet. It’s only the first date.”
“You’re bleeding,” Victor pointed out, ice clinking against his glass. “You should probably get that looked at before you stain my floors.”
“-say he’s not just getting lazy or bored playing this game with us? Why don’t we just call him out and find out what he really wants?” Steve actively steamrolled past Tony’s rebuttal,
Steve’s thighs stopped a hair away from bumping into the table, and he lifted both hands to cup Tony’s jaw. He felt Tony jolt, felt the tremor that rattled the hooks slightly, and smirked. He stroked his thumbs along the sharp cut of Tony’s jaw, swept them over the harness and the damp hair.
Tony flung himself off the airstrip into nothing but air and the far away sight of the city below. He counted back from ten, the adrenaline coursing through his system and battling the nausea of the height. By the time he hit four, the welcomed embrace of titanium alloy was locking into place around him. By the count of two, his repulsors fired up and Tony was banking sharply to the right to take flight in the direction given by the report.
Steve trailed off as Doom stumbled from a clap to the shoulder. A tall, broad-shouldered man stepped from the portal, bearing a grin that fought back that gloom of the warehouse.
He falls asleep feeling much better.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that sounds like you weren’t planning on living to see the consequences,” he said flatly, almost accusingly if the one-eyed glare he was sending Tony could be heard.
“Come on, Howard. He’s just a boy,” a smooth voice interrupted. Tony’s hackles raised instantly at Pierce’s voice, and he longed to yank away from Howard and run and run and never stop.
Tony's only able to grind against the man to get more friction, urging the man on as he watches the tip of his dick flush and dampen with beads of precum visible only because of the flickering streetlight to their left.
“It was. Thank you,” Steve replies, tone grateful and fucked out. He presses a kiss to the top of Tony’s head and Tony closes his eyes. In a moment, he’ll make Steve get up and go to the bathroom to flush himself out, but for now… For now, he’s just going to bask.
“Well, I don’t know. I admit that I kind of imagined those lovebird pedal things people do in the water together.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Next thing I knew, I was pushing it over to you.”
“As long as they don’t cross my borders without my knowledge, I
Steve frowned, but he didn't open his eyes. Fighting... Tony had been out there fighting... As Iron Man. He shoved himself away, across the small space of the elevator, anger descending like a red veil.
