Rogers leant back from where he had been poised forward, then hesitated. He picked a cup and stirred several lumps of sugar into his tea.
“The security detail,” said Tony, tone nonchalant.
“If you insist on badmouthing my business, you can leave,” Natasha said, and smirked at him over her own, much emptier glass. “Your star-spangled chest is bad enough on its own.”
Steve arranged his features into a, hopefully, convincing smile. “Am I not allowed to admire?”
“Aren’t you men tired of grouping together
The air in the room was chilly and dry in his mouth. He looked around, realizing they were in the drawing room, where the fire from last night had cooled hours ago — no trace of embers to be seen in the blackened heart to his left, nor, thankfully, any bodies on the carpet that Jarvis had successfully cleaned with soda.
“So, you’re saying Tony is currently designing weapons for his father’s—or, I guess, his own—company?” Sam argued, arms folded. “I guess that would serve more excitement than a smith’s work.”
His fingers moved absent-mindedly to his wedding ring still adorning his finger, which had felt very naked and more than a little wrong the first time he had tried to pry off the jewelry…
Look!”
“Are you threatening me?” Tony asked, firing up at once. “I hate threats.”
From his position in front of the group, Steve looked at from one man to another. There was a noise behind him, and Steve turned. His suspicion grew: Tony was standing feet from him and gave Steve a beaming smile; Steve had forgotten, or had never fully appreciated, how beautiful he was, but he had never been quite so uneager to lock himself in a confined space with Tony for a couple days.
Pym’s brows hiked up.
“I just lost to a widowed single father. It’s … it’s like I’m invisible. This is a nightmare.”
The result was instant; Rogers’ serious countenance gave away to something young and foreign on a face like his, and as Tony reflected on this, the wide-eyed look deepened into a blush that bloomed across Roger’s cheeks, his ears and, at length, down his throat.
“You know he’s got a record, right?” she said.
take another son from us!” shouted Hammer Sr.
“The inquest—”
Steve asked and looked down in fear of seeing a hole ripped into the hand-sawn floorboards under his feet.
“Why?” said Steve flatly. “There’s nothing wrong with me.”
“We’ll have to try and blend in,” Steve suggested. “What do you think, Buck? Bucky?”
At Steve’s side, arms empty, Pym stopped. His eyes roved over Steve’s jacket; and he frowned. Stepping closer, he took the collar of it in his hands, followed the golden line of the buttons and rolled the fabric there between his fingers.
Hope reined around her horse, who went gladly. “Then we’ll wire everyone we know who live on the road there. Mr. Rogers, ask Mr. Hogan to lend us his wagon for moving Moolissa.”
“The Chinese vase,” said Tony. “That’s the extent of his crimes. I’m not pressing charges,” he hastened, louder, witnessing the return of Steve’s righteousness. “Hence you have no need to arrest him.”
“Your dance card for tonight’s ball at the town hall.”
“That’s not a theft.”
“So,” said Sam, when the riders were out of earshot,” you’ve got a fan.”
At his father’s study, at the opening of the left wing, Tony crossed to the window on the far side of the room. He could see a roof, a thin, glittering ribbon of rooftop windows just above the canopy. He was high up; a bird flew past the window to the eaves above him as he stared in the direction of the limestone mausoleum, invisible behind an ancient chestnut. His father laid over there. Since the funeral they had been closer to each other than they had ever been during his childhood, but his father could not have known his son was gazing towards him now, thinking of him. He supposed this was his father’s way of securing himself the standing last word; either the constant sight of it would chase him out in less than three months, or it could, after years and years of closure, bring him comfort.
“Was anyone hurt?” he asked. “From the fire.”
“That’s mine!” said Tony stupidly, startled into ineloquence. “It’s … it’s to the backdoor.”
However, no sooner had he reached the main street than he came to a halt, having spied movement in the distance. Two riders were covering the wild-grass strewn desert floor between them at rapid gallop.
said Steve, aghast. “It would have helped us!”
Tony, frozen, witnessed the car leave, much like when he had seen it approach, with mixed emotions.
“Lincoln was a yarn-spinning fossil whose impact on war and social effort is greatly exaggerated and romanticized. What good would it have done to him or us to be protected in everywhere else but the body part whose injury actually did him in?”
“We’re all full of electricity, Steve. It’s how the human body works,” Tony started but became sheepish as he observed on Steve’s face a mixture of grief and accumulating fury.
Steve hesitated. From midst the crowded rows, a man stood up and hollered, “Yeah, give us a number!”
“Am I then allowed to come by and see what you’re working on? Give you a hand?”
Steve snapped out of his despair as quickly as he had let it take him, and came to, clutching the wooden support of the porch. Bruce had snuck up to his side and was carrying a bag of groceries.
Steve knew at once, from the way Tony ripped open the front door and strode inside, that he had made a terrible mistake in saying this. Tony had now reached the dining room table and stood there, facing the bedroom door with stiffly set shoulders.
Tony, now so close his socked toe was touching the wheel of the piano, concealed with difficulty the rush of relief he felt at Obie’s words.
Clint’s prediction became true within a few hours. Shortly after dinner time, half the town was found gathered in the townhall’s courtroom to discuss the rebuilding of the bridge. There, Fury detached Steve from the others by telling him about a just-received report from the Denver prison. Once he had Steve cornered in a tiny corner of a hallway, he started.
“I think I’ll have Tony take a look at this,” he said, rising up and rolling the newsprint back into a neat twist.
This appeased Obie. The hand on Tony’s shoulder gave two, emphatic claps.
Then he thought of his reoccurring nightmare about Tony burning, arriving too late, only to hug his badly burned, lifeless body against his chest: they did not need to know the details.
“The man arrived at Julesburg by rail today," Bucky panted. "Happy has gone to pick him up in his stage right now. It’s gonna take a week, though ... lots of stagecoach stopovers on the way, the guy is apparently in bad shape…”
Steve winced; Tony was good at everything; even cruelty, but never unprompted.
Left … right … left again. Then, as the path straightened after a curve, they saw—
“We had the artist smuggled in from Florence. They’re not known just for the lilies. Lovely, isn’t it?” Hammer said, delighted, apparently, at the sight of Tony gazing around, transfixed. “But I can tell you’re not here for the blow by blow. See the
“You’re an early riser, Mr. Stark.”
“That ain’t no natural fire,” he panted.
“The old were falling apart, you see. Served me well for eight years, they did.” He gestured at a height from his knee to his shoulder and said, “Saw me barn grow from here to here during, and all.”
Given how bare his office was, though, Steve had no doubt he had been untruthful. Who was Fury corresponding with that he did not want others to know about? What did a mayor, whose priority was evidently not the wellbeing of their town, do?
Steve made his way into the kitchen blindly to unearth their old oil lamp from the back of a cupboard; he lit a match and opened the burner. In the new light glowing through the shade, he observed his surroundings. Nothing was amiss.
“Earlier this morning, you see, we shook hands to close a spectacular deal under the nose of a rival, naming no names.”
“You ought to get that bridge fixed,” the driver growled.
Sam and Steve, stifling laughter, fought not to catch each other’s gazes and set off after him.
“Hey, I think I know you. Barnes, was it?” Tony said, and squinted at him. “Sorry, just trying to remember if I liked you or not.”
Tony shifted on his feet uncomfortably.
“You won’t kill me, Tony,” growled Stane, couching and spitting blood between words. “Your heart is too
Coulson made a pronounced checkmark against one of his lines. Steve saw his ink pen move four times, twice in one direction and twice in the other. Then he asked, “Unit?”
“Sorry? Hey, see, this is progress. I could go as far as say you’ve ceased exercising blindness to everything but your own judgement.”
Rather than interrogate him, Natasha poured him another finger. The glass in Steve’s hands had almost been drained; he couldn’t remember drinking it.
The engine of the scarlet Cadillac under him roared as he willed it to go past 60. He had passed Andover, then Amesbury, and after them had started a chain of small farming towns split in two by the very road Tony followed westwards. Old Ditton was one of the smallest of the chain, a good hundred miles from London.
“I heard shots,” he said.
It was what Steve had suspected and feared him to be feeling. The entire house seemed to be spinning in slow, askew circles, and Steve wondered if his childhood shortness for breath had returned because this felt similar to not having enough air in him.
It seemed rather rhetorical, so Steve disregarded with a self-conscious smile. Behind him, Sam stepped pointedly in front of the thief’s face, tapping his boot onto the ground. The man grimaced.
Steve thumbed the settings to focus the lenses as far as possible in an effort to catch sight of the number painted on the bricks two-hundred-odd yards from them.
“Then tell
“Fine, Fury visited this morning. The old snoop had a lot of question. Too many. Remind me to change the locks.” Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and swayed on his feet. “I’ve made a ton of new things after the last mailing of spare parts. I invented this new type of textile … I made a … I made a phonograph, for recording sound…”
- A/B/O How to Train Your Dragon AU (Hiccup!Tony, Astrid!Steve)
“Hey!” came a shout from behind the door. “This room was locked, you’d better not—!”
“Only among the unsympathetic,” she said. “The day Tony returns will be a sad day for the rest of us … I should save you before they come back.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well,” said Sam uncomfortably. “We don’t exactly know … Natasha said he closed the forge shortly after sunset.”
And Steve sauntered the rounded porch of the Saloon and swung open the doors.
“I’m bored,” he sighed, forehead laid on the table, “the bed’s so damp frogs spawn between the linen, there’s no pretty things to look at … and I came here voluntarily,”
“What?” said Bucky, unapologetic. “There was nothing he could have told us, bloody sniveling renegade. They kept this from Stane so they could boost their own position by serving us on a tray. He deserved nothing less after taking Tony.”
Steve bit his lip, then snatched the envelope. He flipped it open, took out the folded letter and one-handedly shook it open. Unsigned, unaddressed, it only contained one line:
Steve was already regretting speaking up.
“That’s a first,” said Sam.
Steve was well-built and easy on the eye, and Tony was known for having an eye for pretty things. It was instinctive; anyone would be appreciative of a clean-cut figure and a strong jaw — even knowing how straight the man’s laces were underneath.
“Steady thy laden head across a brook, or by a cyder-press with a patent look, thou watchest the last oozings hours by hours.”
he wanted to discuss
Steve grimaced in displeasure at the idea of having to take with them a non-deputized man.
“New York calls,” he soldiered on as he toed forward the stool, which kept snagging on the carpet. “The lighter the cargo, the cheaper the bill — hey!” He paused mid-step. “Here’s an idea! You can have this.”
Steve was just coming up with an excuse when the last note of the fiddle played, and the floor stilled and broke off in loud claps.
The court continued its session with many mutters from the press of standees. All eyes followed from speaker to speaker. When Steve gave testimony of the accused smuggling ardent spirits containing expectorant without liquor license, the day had grown dark which each passing minute as the clouds outside darkened to navy. By the time Steve finished, it was impossible to distinguish if the blizzard was still going on or not.
His way to the shops, as Tony saw when he got out of his car that he had parked far off to keep a low profile, skirted the local police station. The warmth of the sun caressed his face as he passed its high-set windows and two-toned brick wall, and he got savage pleasure in imagining Rogers pouring uselessly over a ceiling-high mountain of guns delivered from his house in three separate police vehicles; he had not been seen since.
“If you so wish to promise, do it for your sake, not for the old man.”
“Howard Stark is —
“Did your father teach you to shoot?”
They made their way through the town across the still rutted streets. Steve’s deep lungful’s of air were rattled by his starting shivers. It was suddenly very cold; sweat, which had clung to his skin, was now drying and cooling down.
He started to lead the way to the left wing with a calculated stroll. A silence spread between them in uneasy ripples. It wasn’t until they were past the landing that Rogers went for an attempt at pleasantry.
“Am I not?”
“I can’t afford all six of you, Captain. And not one gun. I’m taking you to upstairs myself, and that’s more than enough risk for me.”
“So,” said Rhodey eventually in a low but composed voice, which Tony was grateful for, “how does it taste to own a manor?”
have realized the ominously familiar Westbury Borough Police plated car did not belong to Lang.
The dramatic sound of
“Hey, I would hate to cut you off, but I’ve got stew warmed up on the range, so.”
The reason for this, as it was absurd to imagine they had not felt the explosion, became apparent after remembering the map: this was the only route to Sector 16 from Sector 10.
“Well, it’s the fountain, sir. It’s clogged. Had to cut off the water, I did. It’s flooded all over. Ruddy weird thing, too, I’d just cleaned it last month, I swear.”
Tony hurried past Thor to the door where Steve still stood. He had his hand on the handle when Steve found his words.
“Forget it,” he said, although he suspected she would do no such thing.
“Starks and their idiocy are no business of mine.”
“Rogers,” he said jovially. “What can I do for you?”
But once the silence fell, Steve’s brain filled with blank buzzing, like all his scrambled thoughts had a sound, which allowed little room for picking apart any of them. He stared hopelessly down at the picture in Jarvis’ lap.
Steve and the deputies picked up a letter each.
“I’m getting there,” said Fury, rising up.
“Exhausting night?” asked Jarvis with a knowing look Tony disliked; he thought he caught it sometimes when he ranted to Jarvis about the inquest, the law, and its enforcers.
alloy.”
Steve heard this but didn’t believe in it.
“Now,” he said, key on display, “there’s a slight problem. Fury never told me how many of you to expect, and I only have five vests.”
Steve nodded.
“Do you treat
Tony brought a hand to his heart.
“Yes, but back to Stane—” said Clint.
Clint did not hear this. He hadn’t been looking at Bucky’s lips.
Tony settled under the covers, looked to his right and saw the sunrise reflected in Steve’s open eyes.
“Do you want me to say my testimony is unreliable?” Steve said.
The man was stroking his cane, and his milky green eyes roved from Steve to the others and back to Steve again.
as Tony hopped onto their dining table, tucking a leg under himself.
With a leap of pleasure, Tony recognized his company; the man’s close-cropped head shined almost blue in the rare sunlight, and he, too, wore shades.
“Right,” said Tony, pulling away.
When he ran his thumb around the scar on his back, which Steve knew to be matching the one he had at his front, at first touch, Tony tensed but eventually relaxed into—and within half an hour, the familiar slight snores were heard, but Steve felt wide awake—wide awake and worried.
Tiberius coughed painfully. “No,
“With all due respect, sir,” Steve started, about to very much disrespect, “when Tony is involved … if it comes to saving the others or him, I can’t trust my judgement. I won’t risk any more lives than I absolutely have to.”
“Pleaded with Stern to tell
Tony levelled her an impressively flat look of exasperation.
And, for the first time in what felt like months, Steve laughed. It felt both awkward and absolutely wonderful bubbling up his throat.
Tony met Rogers’ blue eyes and lifted the receiver to his cheek.
“Is this about your father again? I’m trying to tell you I was in the wrong.”
“You’re in good shape,” Tony complimented conversationally as they climbed upstairs. “You still doing those half-day recreations once a week?”
“Smart,” Bucky praised readily.
Tony had forgotten all about his soreness; the lucky placement of the hand only increased the impression of sensuality the unfortunate position gave, and despite himself, Tony felt the first hardening between his legs, under the shifting fabric, as he straightened when the hold was hastily released.
“Wouldn’t hurt,” said Bucky.
“Have you got the stuff?”
Actually, it's been more like 3d 18h but, eh, semantics. There was a bit more action in this chapter that's slowly building up to the real plot. And don't worry, it's not going to be too political--not my cup of tea, either.
Steve still had not seen his chest. The bulb was gone, and so were the wires—several feet of thin metal tubes snaking up and down his arms—they removed before surgery at the hospital. Steve could see little red marks left by them on Tony’s exposed forearms. Though, catching Steve’s look Tony, perhaps accidentally, shifted them away.
“This train is going back to Carson City,” said the man as he passed them, changing carts.
he told himself; why was it so hard? Finally, it fell from his palm and Steve closed the bedroom door behind him quickly, as though to resist the temptation to pick it up again.
Tony then fixed on him for the first time the same piercing gaze Steve had seen used against Fury when the mayor got too curious about his inventions.
“Bucky?” he tried again.
. Oh, you just wait if they step a foot on my porch—oh! Are those fresh eggs?”
[3] I'm having way too much fun with describing Tony having arguments from elevated places. It's a pattern. I blame Favreau and RDJ afkdkksidkf
Jarvis looked contemplative; his brow was wrinkled even deeper than usual.
Tony watched him appraisingly, looking as though he was not sorry to depart the scene.
“It seems a little, ‘all is well, look how much we have to be thankful for.’ During the war, it was to distract us from the rising body count. Now, who knows. Genocide?”
“No,” said the boy, Peter, louder this time, but just as stubbornly.
Oh, whoop- yes, I'm alive.
“There now, Steve,” she purred. “Don’t you feel a lot better now that you’ve worked all those bottled emotions out?”
“Sorry,” said Steve, not knowing what else to say. In answer, Tony made a nose on contempt; an expelling of air that vibrated his lips rather vulgarly.
“Sir?” asked Steve.
“Taking a smoke,” said a cold male voice from midst the counsel.
However, Steve, who hadn’t lifted his head from his lap for longer than what it took to exchange polite greetings, was still immersed in whatever trail of thought the presence of the Scotland Yard had out him hours before when Tony strolled into the drawing room.
Tony’s insides clenched like a fist. “Help,” he whispered.
“I haven’t noticed,” Steve said slowly.
“You know what my ma used to say?” Rogers said quietly.
He looked back at the wooden figure, placed the blade upon it once more, rounded a corner, and stole a glance at the street for a second time; once again, it was empty, once again there was only mud to be seen. And on it went.
need you. You hear me? This is big. I can’t have you laying low when we’ve got to prove the boys in New York that Stark is still on top of the game.”
“It was because of the little beings, who worked hidden from the apex predator in the metaphorical grassroots. Too small to detect, too small to cause a threat, but armed with a pair of big round ears—” Fury flicked his. “You, Rogers, have always been the harshest critic on authority. If you came out as an advocate, people would trust you. Although removed, you are a symbol. People
It had been a while since Steve had answered to direct orders from the White House; he only narrowly prevented his body from slipping into parade rest.
Bucky then threw himself back on his seat where he stayed slouched, looking brooding until he finally spoke up again.
“Good Lord,” said Bucky, feebly.
“I didn’t sign them,” Steve repeated, louder. “They only got there the day before we left. I never got the … well, truth is, I didn’t want to,” Steve said frankly, then pulled a small golden object from his jacket pocket.
Rogers, again, frowned. “And the name of the maid?”
“Pleasant, but not without hitches,” Steve said.
Rogers, thought Tony, and extracted his sweating cheek from what he now identified as a hot water bottle that must have once been filled with freezing water, but had since then cooled lukewarm. He rubbed the left side of his face, feeling an indentation where the neck of the bottle had left a crease.
A warm glow bathed half the room beyond orange, the source of which were the barely glowing embers in the fireplace. Here and there, a shadow moved as the pit spit a lone spark up the chimney; shadows danced on the walls and windows … and the thing that had made the noise revealed itself with another
Steve mourned this until he heard soft footsteps heading for the bedroom. He glanced over at the dark shape of the door.
Tony jumped, like spooked mouse himself, and listened to any further sounds from the locked drawing room above him. For one trembling second, he hesitated. Caution whispered: with the guns confiscated, going out to check was hardly a blueprint for survival. But curiosity, overwhelming curiosity, told him that he needed to see it himself. He set off in pursuit.
“Then I’m sorry to tell you,” Steve told them, looking into Scott’s earnest face, framed in a thin-brimmed brown hat, and wished that he could return a different sentiment. “We lost the heifer in the scuffle. The bull got startled by gunfire.”
Everything was chaos: the screams of the occasional onlooker mixed with the grunts and shouts of the scuffle; Steve jumped over the unconscious forms of men he didn’t stay to identify, someone’s fallen glasses crunched under his boot, and suddenly, a patch of red seeping over the chest of the man he was just about to hit—and Steve, following its trajectory with his astonished gaze, saw a black shape on the rooftop nearby, rifle braced against a hunched shoulder. Clint, thought Steve, with a rush of relief. Panting, he pushed himself away from the shot men, and ran, hard, to the shadows of the next building over, looking out for Tony. Here, he heard something in the street running parallel to him which made him slow down.
“Hey,” said Tony. “Thought you were done being a chauffeur service?”
“It’s Inspector Rogers, actually,” the man said, looking flustered as he clutched his hat to his chest. “I’d be glad to have a few words with you, if I may.”
“A bit too keen, I’m afraid. The detectives did not seem to put much weight on it … and this young, striking sort of chap, Rogers was his name, did not seem to me as a person easily fooled.”
“Tony?” he shouted.
Tony, who felt no surprise at this news, stayed mum.
“Neither can he, but to compensate, I am offering some supplementary assistance. Twenty years ago, I constructed a vest, shot and ball proof, so that people are enabled to return fire. It was miles away from Stark’s technology. Then the war started and suddenly the one thing that mattered was to find more and more intricate ways to kill and harm each other. It appeared the world was not ready.”
“Look,” said Fury, “I do feel obliged to try and save your life since you are so determined to risk it. And I think, at this point, it may have come to your attention that something’s a bit fishy here.” Fury gestured at the chair next to Clint. “Have a seat.”
Sam gave a great guffaw into his fist.
“It’s a hobby of mine, politics,” Fury said and smirked, but dropped it soon. “I hear you’ve been busy. Coulson should have a slot for a trial next week. The federal house up in Denver is getting pretty stuffed, though.”
“Mr. Stark,” said Rogers; the sound of it sent a jolt through Tony, for whom
Certainly damps the fun
“It’s for you,” he said to Rogers.
“Is it actually the time?” he asked Jarvis, who had remained obediently still in waiting. “Or did you come save me?”
“Steve,” chastised Bucky, but Steve was already striding towards their new company.
“And you think I don’t?”
, as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing them at all…
They had reached the landing now, where the corridor spread long and narrow into two directions, both lined with several bedrooms and studies. Tony’s room was third on the right, from which opened a view to the oval driveway.
It was all very well done, thought Tony, the tilt of her head, the careful demureness, none of it overdone. He, Tony, had had too much experience of playing nice with the crème de la crème not to recognize a master at work. He could tell that she wanted to slip into the anthill very, very much; perhaps even more so than Tony himself.
,” Pierce mocked, and the coldness seeped back into his eyes. “Stane’s biggest weapon is Stark, is he not? If we get him off Stane’s hands, he loses his main bargaining tool, should the situation turn sour. I’ll take no more than three of you directly to where Tony Stark is kept.”
“No, the town’s. Apparently, I’m likely to go on a murder spree when unrestrained,” he said, and witnessed Rhodey’s face darken as Tony retold the story of the past forty-eight hours he had already recounted what felt like a hundred times to Jarvis, to the Constables and to Inspector Rogers.
In the end, Tony fetched a drink. The scotch seared Tony’s throat: it appeared to burn feeling back into his body, dispelling the sense of numbness and unreality, firing him with something that felt like courage.
“Well, looks like it’s just you.” Tony retreated further. “Goodnight, Obie.”
“You know whose behavior you’re starting to remind me of?” Bucky shouted after him when Steve made his leave, buttoning his shirt as sped through the house. “Tony’s! And after three years of forcing him to take some time off for himself, you’d think the message would’ve got across to your thick head too, punk.”
“Something I’ve worked on,” Tony told him as he opened the folds to reveal the dark blue jacket. “It was … it was supposed to be an anniversary present, but, uh … yeah,” Tony trailed off. “Throw it away, tear it to shreds … I don’t care. Sentimentality isn’t part of my winning personality, but it just might be yours.”
Tony nearly drippled some of the salmon paste onto the couch: a jolt had shot through him, causing his hand to spasm.
As soon as his shoe was above the threshold, Tony felt the atmosphere in the over-furnished room change subtly. Nest disrupted, thought Tony with satisfaction, preparing to observe the insects scatter.
“Honey,” it said in the voice on Tony.
It clattered to the floor with ringing finality.
“Why didn’t he
It all happened very quickly; without further warning, there was a hand at the back of Tony’s neck; next, he found himself staring from close range at the chevron tweed of Roger’s trousers, the tips of his curls tickling against the buttons of his waistcoat. He smelled of wet wool.
Tony searched Rogers’ eyes; he seemed genuinely regretful, but not regretful enough for the specific words of,
“No, I don’t,” she said firmly. “I take your word for it.”
ruled it out as a separate line of inquiry from the start,” Steve chimed in; Tony, momentarily, felt sorry for Jarvis. “It never fit the picture.”
Tony fought the urge to groan again.
“He isn’t—wasn’t. There’s no one.”
“I am not his keeper,” said Steve in a measured tone. “Tony can do whatever he likes.”
As Tony pushed his way out of the room, he saw a door across the hall close after a tall man.
Tony swayed where he stood; the dark, old books-scented room seemed to close around him; he did not know what to do.
The hair on Steve’s neck was still standing from the unexpected touch when they left the house.
Jarvis gazed into space for a moment or two: he seemed to be gathering courage. As the four of them regarded him eagerly, Jarvis screwed up his eyes and started to speak.
“Captain Rogers,” the man started once he reached them.
was exactly the source of his troubles.
There was only one word Stave focused on. “Where’s Tony?”
“You may have once thought so, sir. It’s Mr. Stone Junior. He’s been flicking pebbles at your window.”
He turned, rather hastily, away from them.
And then, when Fury was under the porch, eyes on the mail, and Steve had stopped breathing, Fury spoke up.
Steve, now sat at the very edge of his seat, asked Fury’s turned back, “Am I allowed to share it with my men?”
“Until Tony,” Bruce said.
“The map said it’s accessible thought the yard—”
“I am Iron Man.”
In the end, they settled to send forward an invitation to meet at Thor’s, a far-flung saloon belonging to a tall, Scandinavian man, whose place gave the air of an ancient stave church, with its dark wood floor, high arched ceiling and painted murals on all walls.
Tony stared resolutely at the desk before him. “It’s the law.”
“Well, Sheriff,” he had said, flipping the paper over for Steve to sign, “welcome to Leigh’s Creek.”
Pym colored anew. “Well, it’s clear to me this Stark has done a very good job on you—!”
The passage outside looked exactly as a respectable manor’s quarters of not usually seen by guests would be expected to look. It was plain, worn and practical. All the staff were out. As far as Tony could see there wasn’t a living soul in sight, not even a rat.
“You kinda did,” Steve said coolly, and ducked out the door into the sunlit street, where, now that today’s incident was over, people had started to trickle back outside.
When the door swung open, Rogers let Tony walk out by himself; however, his eyes followed Tony’s every movement. He had no further comments to offer; he had apparently, incredibly, divested himself of scrupulousness.
“Three years.”
Rogers did not seem himself, either; in fact, he looked nearly as uncomfortable as Tony. His fisted arm guiding Tony by the small of his back was stiff, and he never took his eyes off the door ahead, nor the ones after that…
I might be only good at fixing your hand, but. You should think about getting out.”
“No, sir, took the hole day, it did. I had to get the steps from the shed, you see, and they—”
What he did not see, however, was the start of a sedate drip, then a trickle that pooled around the metallic stem. Progressively, it grew into a rivulet that spilled from groove to groove, cobble to cobble, all the way down to the car, spreading wet underneath Stane’s feet, firmly planted on the tracks—
Bruce scrutinized Steve closely. “Whose priority are you? Bucky’s?”
On their right side, Coulson seemed to be attempting to bang his club through his mahogany dais. The questions came to an end after that, and the man was, by common vote, found guilty. By Strucker’s last parting look as he slunk back to his seat, though, Steve figured getting the man free had never been his goal. A man sitting at the back, leaned forward, as the conversation roused, to say something to the front before, who said something to the rows before that, the news spreading like wildfire. A man got up, left. A second gets up next, follows. Another man. Another.
Steve edged them behind the yellow junction house and into the shadow of a water tower, where he started again.
He thought of the trip he had turned down. Was Tony hurt by it? Would his boredom overcome their relationship completely, given time?
“Fury?” asked Tony quickly.
“You got that?” said Rogers. “I was tipped off about your arrival.”
“Practicing?”
“We don’t know,” Sam repeated.
Tony gestured at him with his sword. “And why are
Tony peered into the room, his heart pumping ever faster. Two shadows moved … of two men, whose stretched-out figures gestured agitatedly on the library floor.
“With or without the jamming?” Tony asked shrewdly.
Pym straightened up in challenge.
“Want to try again or should we talk about it?” Steve asked quietly, rubbing a circle into Tony’s palm.
With a rattle, the stage was pulling up, horses’ hooves kicking up clumps of snow when it skidded to a slushy halt, snow spilling off the roof and platting, startlingly white, onto the colored snow at their feet. As they watched Happy climb down the vehicle, anticipation thickened amidst them.
“Ah, I forgot … everyone hates buying gifts to you because you never need anything,” said Sam with a sardonic smile.
“How’s Peter?” Tony asked, watching the girl hug Scott’s legs so tight he fell over.
Steve didn’t get the time, though. Sooner than he could blink, the door burst open.
Rhodey eyed the empty curb at the front of the store. Then his eyes caught something behind Tony. “Who’re they?”
figure — and, by the time the man had reached Tony, he was feeling remarkably less sorry for himself.
“Right,” said Tony. “How’s the company?”
Clint spun his rifle once, twice, thrice between his fingers. “I never miss.”
He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what the latch had looked like, but it was impossible … all Tony knew was that at the moment he had been close enough to see, and he had caught what else was in the room with him, all questions of
See you next on ... Thursday, I guess? Xx
They finally walked on, now passing the drawing room and, though he had only minutes ago colourfully cussed all curiosity out, Rhodey could not help the cursory glance he shot at the room.
Heads turned as those lingering near the entry froze, absurdly, in mid-conversation. Indifferent and impervious, Tony plucked a martini from a waiter — likewise, rooted on the spot, tray starting to droop down — and picked his way in.
“Healed but stubborn as an ox,” answered the man, Dr. Strange. “Had he been standing, the voltage difference between each point of contact with ground would have caused the current to arch up one foot and exit the other.”
“A week,” said Steve firmly. “You were electrocuted.”
Steve thought back to the twin-tracks separating in front of the Office and replied, “Just a hunch. I’ll come back to you once one of them shadows us to the outhouse.”
“Hm? Oh,” said Tony, who’s eyes had just caught the point of interest: a camera trip-wired to take a shot of anyone who opened the door, though as Obie was already in the untouched room, it would need a reboot. The shots were a one-off.
“A little young for you, don’t you think?” he said.
“What? Seen the amount of license you get?” Sam said, sounding half-affronted, half-awed. “Caught the guy looking at that star of yours like it was the medal for valor, which I know you
“Any sign of him?” Steve asked, back braced against their cover and staring out into the chanced outlook of the town.
“That’s the thing with metal, you’ve got to strike it while it’s—right, I confess,” Tony went on after catching Steve’s look. “I’m overdoing it. We’ve known that. But, honey, I’m
“I have never called things off with anyone before,” Steve said and looked down at his lap, then swallowed with difficulty. “Is this how it usually goes?”
“Sorry!” Steve threw over his shoulder, arm on the handle. “Good day, Ms. Althea.”
“Think we’re being watched?” he asked shrewdly.
Standing at the center of the house, Bucky shook his head, looking pale in the wake of his revelation.
But Steve had already stepped inside.
“Ah, come
Tony’s lips twitched.
“We came here as a team. Agreed, we picked up a couple of strays on the way…” Sam ignored Scott’s indignant yelp — “but in case you didn’t know, Nat, that means there can’t be a team inside the team—”
“I would love to hear what must be a well-rehearsed speech,” he said and, from his jacket pocket, took out a round object the size of a man’s fist.
— a respected man,” said Rogers, whose ears had reddened under his neatly combed hair.
could build a gun—look at Tony for example,” Bucky argued back. “That just shows you, name’s no guarantee of talent. If Tony had the means, he’d wipe Stane’s face with the entire industry.”
“Eight months pregnant with their second child, that’s what, so you can put that away,” said Tony, bodily closing Toomes off from the conversation.
“Have you experienced any symptoms that have hindered your ability to do your work to your full potential?”
things for them. How can anyone in their right mind—”
“And what would that be, ma’am?” he asked eagerly.
“My own design,” Stane said, and it was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Stane had dropped the insults. “I had hoped it wouldn’t come to this. You see, once rigged, this is going to blow in thirty seconds. You shoot me, I’ll still have time to pull this little cap off. One, small move—” he demonstrated this act “—and what happened in Manhattan will look like a dud in comparison.”
“And just for plausibility’s sake, you’re going to take Scott Lang with you.”
Offering no advice, Rogers went on with, “You haven’t received threats, have you?”
Tony nodded but even as he did so, an insane urge to confess he was afraid came over him. He looked up at Rhodey — perhaps he could pull his military strings again, to get the best American lawyers on the case? He’d be delighted … a bit too delighted, Tony decided, quickly abandoning the idea.
“I did not like how Mr. Stane looked at him.” Jarvis’ hollow chest was rising and falling unsteadily now. “He looked at him and saw his father. Anthony was more than that.”
“Must be a scary thing to behold.”
He strode for the mantelpiece, where a pair of binoculars leaned against its marble façade, and through it, took a closer look of the opposing wing. Natasha snapped closed a folder; when she found its proper place, she shoved it in, and turned her shining face to Steve.
Stane huffed, “I can do this all day.”
“I made it to the guestroom.”
“I faked it. Figured it would hit you were it hurt Sorry ‘bout that.” … “In my defense, I thought it would be done and dusted sooner. Stane’s letters kept getting more and more frequent and I just … waited and
“And they cannot be one and the same?”
They sipped their teas. An itch was starting under the dressing on Steve’s palm and he fought the urge to scratch it. Bruce’s sharp gaze caught this.
Tony huffed out a breath of surprise. “Oh, Steve.”
“Weeks ago, however, I received the following letter from late Mr. Stark, which contained the following document,” he explained, squinting at the paper through his small, round lenses. “It is a codicil to the original will, drawn up in his own hand. He states clearly his desire to leave everything he owns to Mr. Anthony Stark, as he trusts him to be a better man, and divide the fortune accordingly.”
“I will bring him to you,” Steve said fiercely.
he had found that to start with.
He held his martini higher. Nobody ran out at them, no ejections were given, until—
“The president-elect? Wasn’t he born in Brooklyn?” Sam asked, walking over to look at the paper over Steve’s shoulder. He met Steve’s gaze. “You’re from there. Any idea what he did to deserve it?”
They nearly ran into him; frozen, quite suddenly, before Steve’s pushed-aside desk. There on the edge of it, turned away from the seat and towards them, was the photograph of Tony. At the sight of it, Steve’s throat tightened. But he was not alone in this storm of feelings.
But the woman was gone. Faces continued to follow him, and he followed them back, unblinking, scanning for a guilty, shifty gaze … a sudden departure before he reached the next group … something …
Behind the slammed door, they found a lush, Chippendale-style office and a distressed Hank Pym, who lifted his bowed head at their entry.
“Steve!” shouted Bucky, waving an impatient arm at him by the platform. “Come on!”
Steve, however, had never been less interested in the town; he was gradually becoming obsessed with the disappearance of Tony. Still expecting a sliver of proof, he sometimes checked through the house, but had not yet detected any such slip as what happened with the unsigned letter. And still there were inexplicable times when he was sure the answer was just at the tip of his tongue…
This time, Tony hesitated. He knew what hung on his decision. There was hardly any further reason for Obie to stay in England: now was the time to decide: Obie or an empty, unguarded house?
bellowed Hammer Sr. and clambered up; Tony was abruptly lifted by his lapels and pushed against the shelf. Books toppled to the ground. Tony heard seams ripping as his clothes slid higher up his body and took the brunt of his weight.
“Steve, move aside.”
Down a set of stairs, they came to a hot, low-ceilinged engine room, where coal was being burned to keep the engines running. Just the heat had them abandon their aprons at the entry. The cogs of the hall above had been nothing compared to this: the great hum of machines was so loud they could feel it churn inside their chests like a heartbeat.
With a slight screech against the stone tiles, Steve drew up a chair for himself, and settled anew at Tony’s bedside.
He stood near the doors they had seen from Stane’s office, clad in a greased undershirt and breeches. His facial hair was ungroomed. There was a greenish bruise on his left cheek, and a fresh, red flush rising across his right. He was not bound in any visible way.
—who?
“Trying to change decades of common opinion is not something one tackles alone,” Fury evaded. “Obadiah Stane is considered a national treasure and there is significant resistance to the idea of anything contrary. Many call Stane the key to our economic recovery. If we let this continue and the world ends, maybe we had it coming.”
do it” Steve said bitterly and stopped talking when they had to break up in order to loop around the couple next to them.
It was an ordinary, Yale type key but—
Steve felt his chest swell so quickly he was surprised to find his feet still firmly on the floor: Tony had laid on the table his left hand, which had previously been held out of sight, and Steve spied the ring still in its usual place. Incredibly, impossibly, hope surged inside him.
And that was the grim truth of it, Steve knew, because in a small community such as this, once their separation had become public knowledge, it was bound to affect more than just him and Tony.
[1] It's been 48h since the first chapter but since I have no update schedule, have at it
Natasha’s brows rose but she complied.
“Can you vouch for Mr. Stark’s movements during the night.”
“Which picture?”
Pym rose from behind his desk, on top of which were several fallen items. He still looked rather flushed from anger from his lined forehead to his silvery beard as he straightened to greet them.
A nurse passed by the bed on her way to the corner of the room. It was turning late. They were performing the last bandage change before nighttime. Tony gazed steadfastly at the woman. What exactly he had meant to make Steve feel, he didn’t know.
Blindly, Steve felt for the back of a leather chair and drew it up; its leg snagged on the carpet.
“You two made up yesterday all right?”
Steve hesitated; it might not be casework related. But he was bored … and then his curiosity got the better of him. He got moving and set off towards the townhall. He was going to see what new information was available.
“No. Should I?”
“Where is he?”
So, he snuck through the hall, and into the drawing room, studiously not looking at the dark spill on the floor.
“The latch wasn’t broken.”
“Trust me,” Steve said.
“Sixty-four,” offered Steve. “You’ll have to stay here for six more days.”
“Don’t you dare elope with him!” cried the first voice now, sounding desperate. “I forbid it!”
“We know who this Stern is?” Steve ventured, grabbing onto the only tangible information.
Steve blinked at him helplessly, throat tight.
There were hands lifting Steve’s blanket, creeping to his side, and from there they wandered south. Steve’s thigh twitched at the coldness of them; it was quite a trip from the forge to their house on a cold morning such as this.
“—and we can only get there through the busiest, biggest hall of the building … how?”
“I see,” Piece said flatly. “It suits you.”
Around the corner of the hardware store, though, a somewhat unexpected sight opened in front of his eyes: standing in the middle of the narrowed street, were Steve and Bucky, staring anxiously down at the body of a dead cow laying at their feet. Bucky’s gun was still smoking.
Tony eyed it but didn’t take it. Confused, Steve set the cup back down on the table.
Fury was right. They needed to act, fast.
Tony swallowed; the previous warmth leaked out as though he had been pierced by something sharp. Suddenly, although he knew it was nothing Pepper hadn’t already voiced, a wave of strong hatred surged inside him; at this moment, he hated everything about Obie, right down to the way Obie’s suit jacket was stretched tight over his back, where a crease made prominent several pounds of weight gain that had not been there since they’d last seen each other.
“An hour, perhaps. Depends on what kind of mess you three left behind.”
Now, it seemed, Tony hadn’t been what one would consider civilian, either.
“Ma’am,” he started, taking a very deep breath, “my husband is not our man.”
“Here’s your chance,” called out a distastefully familiar voice from the dark corner, “to surrender before we have to do things the hard way.”
They were there, they were finally closer to Tony: 1000 miles of tracks stretched westward and disappeared gradually into the snow-covered, overgrown grass. They stood in waiting by it, with their bought tickets and horses snorting in boredom while, far away, the locomotive’s chugging could be heard.
The man then leaned closer to his friend, as though to share something conspiratorial, unaware of Steve’s frozen, appalled presence.
got you extra,” put in Scott, who indeed pulled three extra aprons from his bag, which Steve, Bucky and Natasha started to put on quickly on top of their clothes.
“I’ll be without,” said Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
He found Steve by the antique flap desk at the corner of the smoking room out back.
“Rumlow?” asked Steve.
Stone, who had allowed this argument to develop, now with a slight gesture indicated that it should cease. All pairs of eyes fell on him; a long, impenetrable silence fell as they observed him feel Hammer’s neck.
“Man,” said Sam from somewhere behind him, “give him some space to breathe. He’s looking pretty overwhelmed.”
“Aren’t they all, open carry is legal. But a Sharp’s carbine, though. What do you think? Our quota for weapon thieves is thirty-one this year, Coulson’s about to sprain a wrist.”
look cleaner.”
Tony, despite himself, felt his muscles relax. His fingers toyed with a short string that had broken loose from the silk-lining of his pocket.
“What the hell were you making,” asked Tony from the room at large.
on the window-sill, he drew a thin envelope, which was ripped open.
Steve’s face must have registered at least a flicker of mutiny, because Tony went further.
“Right under his nose,” she finished for him.
“Right,” Steve said.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Tony hissed, his throat smarting.
“Yeah,” he said, voice rough, “sure.”
“I asked,” said Tony quietly, “if I killed someone.”
“He’s
“Romanoff,” answered her friend.
“I should not think the death of a child is less important than the misdoings of that insufferable man,” said Jarvis, with dignity. “It is exactly because of men like you that nine-year-old boy died. Work … always work. Should have left the gentlemen’s club early once in a while … got to know his own son. If Howard Stark had listened to me that day—if he had not taken his son with him, to bore him to d-d-death at a ball …”
There was a long silence. The street had grown quiet, the stragglers that had witnessed the scene had forgot Tony’s presence, and Tony used the cover of astonishment to slip past the grille and into the double fronted shop next-door.
The weather could not have been different on the journey back to Colorado than it had been on the way to San Francisco three weeks previous. There wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. The seven of them had managed to get two rows of seats for themselves. Natasha was a woman again with her read hair falling down her chest in ringlets; Scott was dozing, his head against the window, and Clint was visibly suppressing the will to mess with him on the seat next to him. Sam, Bucky and Steve talked more fully and freely than they had done in months, as the train sped eastwards. Steve felt as though finding Tony had unblocked them, somehow. It was less painful to discuss what had happened on the months leading to their breakup. They broke off their conversation about what sort of town they were returning to, only when a group of loud gentlemen boarded the train in Carson City.
“I see,” he said.
“Ma’am,” cut in Bucky.
Tony had forgotten he was there.
It was Stern. He and several others were closing in on Tony, who tried to pull his tuxedo closed as he faced them. Stern’s face was taut with glee.
This was a rather enormous breach of etiquette, brought on, no doubt, by walking in on Rhodey and Tony discussing the case over dinner.
“You’re gorgeous.”
he shouted, clutching his rifle like a lifeline as the offending piece of wood clattered onto the deck by their feet.
“Ah what?”
“There’s enough self-glorified vigilantes about without your input. The men you saw tonight? They’ve organized a neighbourhood watch. There’s hardly a cat that can cross the street without them knowing. They’ve terrorized half the county into sleepless nights. People are afraid that someday the gentry is going to kick down their door, point fingers and they can do nothing ab —
From the piano, Rogers cleared his throat.
By the car, unseen by them, Barnes opened and shut the door. The bang, however, awoke them to his presence. Roger’s flustered expression cleared. He ripped a page from his booklet, on which spelled a line of instructions.
“Good morning,” Steve offered when they were even.
Steve tightened his grip. “We know. Is Stane aware of our presence?”
Coulson opens the door. From behind him, noise leaks in.
Steve glanced around at them all; they had their own shabby jackets on and looked firmly determined by the shadow of the platform. He looked again at Scott and grabbed him by his sleeve. He pulled him aside.
“All over it, Cap.”
Here, it was suddenly ominously quiet. Bucky and Scott, following close to his heels, froze in their tracks in awe. They were in a cavernous glass-ceilinged hall, six-hundred and fifty feet long and a hundred feet high, with massive gas-fueled chandeliers running the entire length of its pitched ceiling. While the setting was an impressive feat of engineering, the cause of the sudden stop was even more incredible: rising in the middle of the wide, wide space was a product of the art of war. It was made of wood, fabric and wires, armed with four guns, and, strapped on the front of it, was a propeller. The whole machine looked like something out of Jules Verne’s books.
“Could we use a ram?” asked Bucky, looking around for something big and heavy.
“Bucky,” Steve said with severity, “I keep no secrets from him.”
“The real mayor,” Steve asked, “where is he? Did you have him removed?”
Tony’s insides seemed to curl up and shrivel. He swore, this time out loud.
things through.”
“Just a couple gold pieces from an outlaw, who had stolen them from an old black man,” she said, wearing an impressed smile. “He gave them back.”
Who had written this? Where had the day of Tony’s nineteenth birthday taken him after the taking of this photograph? Who had had this picture taken of him? These were the questions Steve got no answer to from the unmoving object of his focus. He was still staring the murky cardboard back when the door opened, and a piece of white paper swum into his field of vision. He followed it, up the arm, and met Bucky’s pointed stare.
“Subtlety seems superfluous when they already know we’re here,” remarked Bucky, who had been silently standing behind Sam so far.
weapon of my own design.”
It was with heavy heart that Steve packed the fresh eggs that morning. Their chickens, that had held their tails down for days, letting rainwater drip down their brown backs, now clucked at him with their tails held high as they watched him pick up barely half a dozen eggs, as though priding themselves upon being able to count to two.
Stane never saw the deadly block of steel coming, erratic as its descent was. The beam turned one last time by pure chance so that it came at him dead on like a spear from heaven—
“You—you aren’t going to come?” he asked, perplexed. “There’s room for two more.”
Bucky, who might once have found the necessity of this detour a cause of irritation rather than relief, simply settled to shoot deadly glares at the defense. Although Steve appreciated this show of support, he was slowly, at the sight of Bucky’s squarely clenched jaw, becoming to regret not taking Sam instead. Firstly, Bucky was more aggressive in his protection of Steve, who remained stubborn about the unnecessity of this; and secondly, Steve found sitting next to Bucky akin to being close to a dynamite with a lit fuse.
Their investigation had so far lead to the conclusion that both fires had been lit on purpose. And his fury at this faceless pyromaniac broke over him now, like a flood, drowning out every other feeling. Out of naivety they had thought they were on top of everything that happened in this small town and convinced themselves the suspect would be caught within a week; but three days in, there were no clues, no witnesses, no evidence. Whoever did it had left them to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown and unseen threats alone and unaided: nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, and now, the town was making a suspect out of Tony.
But then — so eerily similar to the day he had found Ty — he could make out that chink of faint light under the drawing room door.
“Yes,” Tony granted, rather painlessly. “Let’s see what I can get going on here.”
“Thank you,” said Jarvis softly when he accepted the frame, holding it like it was made of the most delicate glass. “It’s the mouth. I could always tell a Stark by his mouth, so very severely set lips.”
See ya next week! xx
This was not what Rogers had meant.
Steve reached for it, but before his fingers touched it, he hesitated.
“It’s cutting edge,” Bruce continued to gush, and Steve watched him bend down and pick up a bottle from his medical bag, all the while Bruce kept up a seamless dialogue on scar tissue.
“You know, he had a similar idea as your jacket.” He picked at the lapels of it. “Tony, I owe you my life. Things like these … it’s unfathomable.”
A miner. Steve felt his muscles unwound, though he kept an eye out, too, for the rifle hanging loosely at the man’s side.
“What the damn hell is that?” asked Tony, all previous expression sliding off his face.
is, don’t you?”
“Appreciated, and ignored,” said Tony; he was so close to the screen he felt his lashes brush against it as he blinked.
“You there, bind him up,” Bucky addressed Rumlow. “Yes, you. Move it.”
“Clinical, calculating … ambitious. Now, one could have used all of those to describe Mr. Stark as well, but to me, they have a more severe sound to them when connected to Mr. Stane’s character. There was a kind of hunger in him that wasn’t there in Mr. Stark’s case,” Jarvis said, and shrugged. “I guess the difference comes from growing up poor rather than being born rich.”
“The only reason I haven’t packed my bags already is because I’ve been too scared to leave you alone,” he said firmly.
“Yes,” Steve confirmed. “I’m afraid I don’t know your name, sir.”
Jarvis did not move or speak as he took in the blotch of blood on the body, and then the matching stains spread over Tony’s hands. Tony kept staring at him unblinkingly. For a few seconds, Jarvis seemed transfixed, his eyes wide as he stared down at Tiberius. Then he appeared to come to life again.
“Clint’s right,” said Steve, springing up from his seat. “Our stop’s here.”
“You need to let loose, punk.”
“Well,” said Ms. Althea in a very carrying whisper, staring after Sharon, “someone got an eyeful.”
Steve, who saw that the words were having an effect on Tony, raised a hand to stop him. Tony ignored this. He wiped off blood from his upper lip and opened his shirtfront to slide in the bulb.
of them?”
Tony shushed him wildly. “No, I’m not!”
“So, this is a test?” Steve asked, and thought of stubby Ms. Althea being a secret agent. “Are all of the town in on this?”
Steve caught on quickly. “Weapons,” he said. “He makes weapons.”
Steve soaked up this information like a sponge, and then he felt guilty about it; if he so badly wanted the truth, it should come from Tony’s own mouth.
Howard wanted Tony to run the company … Tony, not Obie. What had changed by the making of the will? There was something unsettling there, and Tony could not shake the feeling he was missing something vital…
have not in the weeks since the first death.”
Though the fact that they have to be rebuilt
“Just out of curiosity, Sheriff,” Strucker started and hit the papers against the desk before stepping up front. “How many people have you arrested, let’s say, these past six months?”
His voice died off, for he observed a strange, cold sort of smile about Tony’s face.
Tony could not make up his mind whether the cushions between them were a barrier or a bridge. The sandwiches were finished. Tony no longer had anything to keep his hands busy with.
But it was for naught. Tony went limp against him, and all Steve was good for, was placing his hand against the matted hair at Tony’s neck and helping the lolling head gently down onto the bed, from where Tony’s glassy brown eyes looked up to the ceiling they could not see…
Creeping after Jarvis and Steve’s steps, Tony found the console table and, subsequently, the landline vacant. However, next to them, the dining room door stood ajar and through it, Tony could hear steady clicking … typing.
Nobody noticed their return to the horses; the factory had emptied itself. The six of them rushed quickly though the echoing halls, but by the time they gained the street, Stane had disappeared just as quickly as Tony.
“There was a meeting, Barton and Romanoff are aware of this, after the end of Civil War. In this meeting, a vision of a sub-organization devoted to the detection and prosecution of those guilty of violating federal law was born. In 1866, it was founded in secrecy by the Department of Justice.”
“I trust him,” Tony said defensively, giving no room for arguments. “What can I say, I’m a giver. And you’re welcome, by the way. I just solved your loose end.”
“The fuse box!” cried the voice of Hammer Sr. “Check the fuse box in the cellar.
Steve sat low in his chair, feeling more humiliated by the second. He was afraid that all of this was his fault. Yesterday seemed like a long time ago: today he might have been eighteen again, the one with a weak chest and a newspaper stuffed inside his hat to keep it from sinking too low.
“During his last days here, Tony received a lot of letters,” Bruce went on. “I didn’t know he was in contact with people from his past.”
“I’ve hunted down people for money, innocent or otherwise,” murmured Natasha, not meeting anyone’s eyes. “My hands are red from it. If I have to stop the weapons production myself, I will do it with pleasure.”
“Um?” said Steve.
“What, I could have waited for a more appropriate moment but then again, I did just get my ass beaten by a beam. Nearly being killed by my own godfather—again—was just the cherry on top, so I thought, hey, life truly ain’t that grand.” Tony shrugged, nonchalant, and finished with, “Might as well embrace it.”
“Mind your step,” he warned, coming upon the glimmering of a Brunswick star at the stairs; a helmeted Constable was inspecting the rope-twist spindles, knelt on the carpet, and moved aside as they passed.
Steve thought as he entered the ward. The one with Steve or the one back in East?
“Sir! Mr. Stark, over here!”
After a savouring pause bordering on inappropriate, Tony held over the receiver.
“What’s the idea?” he asked. “Tear through Hammer Hall brick by brick?”
If this happened, they had no other choice: the moment anyone entered the corridor and saw the breach, an alarm would sound out. And Tony could be moved to someplace else…
“Perhaps you already know what it is? Clever boy such as yourself must have put two and two together.”
“She used to say, no man’s a hero to his valet. I think I’m starting to learn you just might be.”
Stepping out of the henhouse, keeping his eyes averted from his home, Steve set afoot toward work, although he did not know quite how he could face his friends again. But his misery did not last long: at that moment, a figure came stalking from behind the corner of his house. Tall and dark, the man’s appearance had Steve’s hand flying to his holster. Only then did he recognize the glint of metal as a pickaxe.
“…and the night before that.”
“I wish it was,” said Tony darkly. “At least then I could trust that somebody, somewhere, had a hold of the script.”
“To hell with the paper.” Bucky eyed him. “You’ve lost weight,” he said.
“Bad luck.”
“Thanks,” said Hammer, visibly upset now that his sensational news had not gained its preferred effect. “I mean, I felt bad, of course I did. My heart bled at taking advantage of such a time, but —” Hammer shrugged, a small smirk playing at the edges of his mouth “— early bird
“What is?”
Steve huffed. “Coffee first.”
“When I need it to be,” Tony said absently, and then he processed Rogers’ tone and realized he had, impossibly, proven to be in possession of a sense of humour.
, the blank slate. Et cetera, et cetera. Heck, maybe I should start making water cannons … do something good in the world for a change.”
“Then we’d better make it count,” Steve said, grimly. “Good thing we know where to go.”
“Long paragraph,” Steve said conversationally.
“I’ve advised your help to keep the room locked,” said Barnes, who had always been good at skating over uncomfortable talks, and handed the key of the room over to Tony. “Don’t open it — under any circumstances.”
Steve raised his brows, not showing a hint of fear or astonishment. “Anyone else?”
The loss that had possessed him since the funeral felt different now. The detachment of death seemed to have nestled in his brain, like a diseased thing, infecting his memories of a father he had idolized, enabling him to see past the rosy lenses into the actions of a distant, emotionally unskilled man. Had spending time with his son truly been so burdensome?  Had he, like Tony, found himself incapable of stomaching mindless questions? Could he have turned his back on a child because it was more convenient to him than learning patience?
“You are late.”
, had it not been for the fact that their ownership was barely older than Justin Hammer himself.
Tony was, in fact, not paying attention, for he had seen across the room a lone woman lingering by the windows. In a red, belted dress with a cape collar, held together by a brooch so large it must have been a calculated risk, she appeared to be looking outside, but then — Tony’s stomach swooped — their eyes met on the reflection upon the dark panels.
, brown puppy eyes.”
“One is an army man like you, but I don’t know if he’s still … anyway. Pepper’s fierce—and I mean Natasha-level spitfire, just not as red. You’d like them.”
Bucky: get your ass off that chair
“Body? No, I should not say there was much left to identify. All declared dead. In the Stark mausoleum we buried three empty caskets. Every December I have felt empty, as if Anthony Stark never truly came home. Now I know why.”
“Believe what you want,” said Pym shrewdly, “but it would be no good when the people firing at you would be wearing the very same vest. Oh, yes,” he said, taking great pleasure in their expressions. “Howard Stark wanted to mass-produce it. That was the day I gave up on humanity and retreated here with my—with my family.”
If only he had woken up earlier … if only he had not been so frozen at the sight of their bridge, he could have spotted the forge fire earlier, and he would still have some aspect of Tony with him …
breakfast, sir.”
Steve tried to push past him again. “But if we know where he is, why not…?”
Steve felt this was unfair.
But the moment he touched her, Natasha swung herself at him. Suspended by her thighs on his shoulders, she twisted in the air and brought Rumlow down with a satisfying thud. Quicker than a blink, she snatched his gun and notched it expertly, arms braced on her kneeling leg.
Steve felt as though a brick had slid down his chest to his stomach and then risen back up. He remembered now: the divorce papers he had received from Coulson on the day of meeting Jarvis. And now that he thought about it, they were still in the pocket of his light brown jacket he had worn that day, and he had … he had…
in D minor rang in Tony’s ears as he dragged himself to bed for another sleepless night.
“Up in his nest,” said Bucky, both glancing to the roof of the highest building in town: the two-story schoolhouse with its cupola. “Sam is securing the perimeter.”
“Yes, sir, although I’m not sure what this has to do with me.”
“And your answer is to relive our honeymoon in
Tony sighed. “I’ll ask around.”
“You will
“Maybe,” echoed Steve, looking doubtful.
The dream pulled Steve back in, suddenly razor sharp again; only a door laid between him and Tony, which Steve broke open … behind it, Tony, for the man was undoubtedly him, gazed up at him sadly.
asked Steve, stunned. “You knew and you said nothing.”
“Shall I walk you to the door?” asked Tony breezily, shoving his hand deep into a pocket.
Steve had the strangest feeling that there was something he had forgotten, which only strengthened when the train took off, pistons hissing, from the platform. He stared at it, reflecting back to a time when a pile of plain coffins filled with reinterred bodies was a normal sight under its roof, until the windows became obscured with steam.
Over on the other seats, three heads turned, but Steve did not meet their looks, nor could he think of anything else to say except, “There, uh, is a scar.”
“— and his manner is known to be unfortunate. But what did Stone say again, exactly?” Rogers said.
There was a sticky moment where they all sensed Tony’s name in the offing anyway; the heavy silence made it clear to Steve that Tony had been the topic even before he appeared. Clint started polishing his rifle’s patch box with a shirt sleeve.
The first two lines had been misspelled and later revised, as though the correct appearance had been tested for something important, something official. But why, then, had such an unnecessary paper been stashed away into such safe place? Had Howard been interrupted writing something he did not want others to see? What did he regret? Could this have been a reconciliation never sent? Once the thought entered Tony’s head, it stuck to it as though glued, and each line written by a once warm hand begun to read like a whisper from a voice beyond the grave.
“I have a big family, back in Alabama,” he replied and escaped indoors.
Somewhere behind Scott, a hand raised and waved energetically through the air. Quickly translating the message, Steve tugged an oblivious Scott with him as the six of them ran for the end of the hall around the spillage, following the puckered tracks of a factory wagon to a storeroom where they saw a dreadful scene: the dark passage had led them to room filled with rows upon rows of canons, stockpiled and ready for delivery.
“I saw death,” he said. “Sometimes I dreamt of losing you. I felt it. It was my fault, I knew it. I dreamed of war. I dreamed of you fighting in it and of you dying from my weapons. It was easier to not sleep.”
“Hey, hey! Slow down, doll,” he said, taking Tony by his bony shoulder. “You don’t get to leave when we’re trying to fatten you up. Thor’s got cottage pie.”
“You know I’m not actually a drunk, right? Didn’t exactly fit my modus operandi despite my laundry list of past vices. In fact,” he said, “when the first letter came, when I was planning on my own death, I spent hours thinking how to do it convincingly. Drowning, wash away my body? Too risky. Fire, obviously, would leave the least evidence. But then … I imagined you in that plot. The grief on your face, volunteering to carry my, supposed, body to its last resting place…
“I guess I should hand over the ring. It’s officially not mine, by now. How long did it take—just out of curiosity, by the way—for Phil to make it on-record?”
Stane moved around: Steve lost sight of him for a while behind the pillars of the theater’s entry as Stane prowled while speaking in a measured tone.
Directly opposite him, Natasha, dressed as a man, red hair tied in a knot under her cowboy hat, leaned closer.
Sharon looked sharply from left to right. But the fiddle was playing rather shrilly, and even the stomping foot of its player was drowned under the dozens of dancing feet on the floorboards; they had not been overheard.
Down in the grounds, a stretcher bearing a white sheet exited the house and was loaded into the back of the white van. It soon tore off down the lane, disappearing from sight behind the oaks but not before swerving around another black car, which pulled up into the van’s vacated spot. Two men climbed out of it, eyeing the house. Their gazes swept over the windows, and although they could not have seen Tony, he found himself retreating several steps.
“We gathered everything related to military. This does not mean—”
The lights cut out with a stuttering flicker.
“Why don’t you just say it?” Tony challenged, swiveling around.
mission,” Natasha said.
“Are you calling my h—Tony a threat to the United States of America?” Steve asked, incensed.
“Fury said the construction of the bridge is underway,” he said, matter of fact. “He also pointed out that I own a company now, and since I’m to be held responsible for the destruction of the last one, I should pitch in.”
“Oh, that is very kind of you,” he sniffed in a muffled manner and pocketed the cloth.
“So, the body was pushed in through a window?” said Rhodey, looking contemplative.
“A lady has her secrets,” Tony murmured; Stern was watching them beadily.
“Steve,” said Tony again, having recovered first. “What the
Tony, feeling suddenly brazen, replied, “Well, unfortunately, you aren’t on my lap.”
plan. And you’ll find it’s been set in motion long before yours. You see, S.H.I.E.L.D. has got their best man infiltrated in Stark Industries: he will get you in. We can’t, however, expect Stane to hand Tony over peacefully once you are there. Natasha and Clint are already in, and since you’re going, I expect a couple of others to follow.”
It all made odd sense. Fury had not run in the mayoral election at the end of the calendar year ten years ago, but came to hold the elected office as a substitute when the last mayor—
The blond man was now striding towards them. His countenance was authoritative, neat, professional, and quite solid for a man of sixty-odd years. His suit was of expensive charcoal-grey cloth paired with a white bow tie. The workers around them fell silent at the sight of him, eyes downcast.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good day, sir,” the old man greeted, coughed, but offered a steady hand for Steve to shake. His grasp was firm. “Edwin Jarvis.”
for you to finally snap.” He gave a humorless laugh. “My biggest mistake, so far, was to forget you never quit. And yours was to think far too highly of me.”
“If Fury received the wire of our delay in time, he should be waiting us here,” spoke Steve, scanning the crowd behind the gates.
hissed Tony franticly, having shot over his shoulder a glance at Stane, who was swaying on the cusp of moving away from where they wanted him.
Steve, as though startled by the honorific, was brought back on to earth. Then, slowly, his face broke into a smile
“Sam,” Steve warned; he hated the idea they were all imagining him to have some special power to match his repute.
“It’s sun-bleached,” he told Tony.
“That expression you have when you oversee the usual burials … I could only imagine what it would be like if it were me in that coffin. Sometimes lying awake at night I imagined what you’d write on the stone. Something tear-jerking and romantic, as is your usual style—only a little bit tacky.”
, Tony urged that foot.
Tony Stark -- Getting Emotionally Attached to Things That Can't Talk Back Since 1910
under there?”
“I ripped the paper,” Steve said, upset.
“I am not proud of it, I was selfish, but there it is…”
At the corner of the room, the band started on the next song and a dancing coupled bumped into them. Ms. Althea made a displeased sound at the back of her throat and tugged Steve out of the room, stating a wish to speak with him privately. Here, he found himself, again, cornered in a corridor outside the Courtroom, and found his captor equally determined, although about a foot shorter and wearing a golden ballgown.
“How did I not see this — he’s exactly your type — pretty, blond
“People will stand a great deal from a beautiful man or woman,” remarked Jarvis, who had his hands clasped behind his back.
“No, I meant—”
Steve all but stumbled to get out of the wooden chair as he felt the rush of joy surge in him that propelled him up. Really, even the man’s condition did not alarm him; being the only witness alive, Steve would expect nothing less. On the other side of the desk, a pair of eyes bored into the back of Steve’s head, who felt a certain disquiet. The last thing he wanted was for Bucky to start investigating what the new-found paper was for.
Steve wasn’t sure whether he liked Pym or not. He supposed he had been ready to help when needed, but he had always seemed somewhat vain and much too critical of Tony without any discernible cause.
“What could he possibly gain from it?”
Stane heard him. For a moment, he looked right at Steve. Then he pocketed the bulb inside his vest and returned his attention to Tony.
“I think it’s nice that everyone should have their opportunity to not worry about starving,” said Sam bitterly.
“Always a pleasure to have you watch over my health.”
Tony jerked as though the words ‘telling the truth’ had been three separate slaps. “Are you calling me a liar?”
“How did you work that out,” said Tony drily.
“Yes.”
“Excuse me,” said Jarvis, who had followed the light downstairs, and who strode in to straighten the line of cables Tony had disrupted. “There’s a man outside, sir.”
“Where’s the guy?” Bucky asked when he noticed Sam approaching.
an arsonist,” said Steve loudly.
A Wednesday morning in early November found a stagecoach trundling towards the town.
“That’s it,” said Stane, eyeing Tony’s struggle greedily. “Just a little further.”
Bruce, not needing clarification as to who ‘he’ was, set down his cup carefully, as though buying time to collect his thoughts.
How could he have dreamed of staying in America? Jarvis’ delight at having the house inhabited, and especially at having Tony back, was infectious. He was no longer the grieving man from the funeral; now he seemed determined that Tony and Rhodey should enjoy as much, if not more than they would have done had the body not been found, and he worked tirelessly in the run-up to Obie’s arrival. Everything metallic was polished into high gleam; the winter dessert service was replaced by a more seasonally appropriate Spode in the bull cabinet of the dining room, and, at last, the door to the master bedroom was opened to air it out for the first time in weeks. The only room that remained untouched by this one-man pursuit to pretend nothing was amiss was the drawing room.
Steve had lost count of the time, but the sky showed no sign of daybreak when they arrived at his house, hands groping for the switch Tony had taught him to light their new lamp with—only, after clicking it several times on and off, on and off, the room remained unlit.
Steve, lost in banter, grinned at him. “Why limit myself?”
“Have you told anyone about this?” Steve asked urgently.
“Oh, well, but—”
“Is it urgent?” he asked.
“What about his background?” Steve felt Bucky scoot forward in his seat as he inquired, “Do you remember anything unusual?”
“You mean Ms. Carter?” Steve said in surprise.
“Relax, lover boy, you two weren’t the only ones with company,” she quipped back.
“When did you last see him alive?”
Steve started to draw away.
“That’s different,” Tony said quickly, and when Steve looked at him blankly, he went on: “You don’t know when to stop. And I care about you too much.”
Tony’s expression changed slowly from denial to recognition and to shock as he looked at Jarvis—
“We are concerned.”
Hands gripping both of Steve’s shoulders, Bucky pushed Steve an arm’s length from his darkening face. He glanced towards the entrance to check Clint was not returning yet, then said to Steve, “Clint, not unlike Natasha, would psychoanalyze
He set off at a brisk pace and heard a shuffle behind him as Tiberius finally extracted himself from the car; Tony’s strides had already brought him to the garage door when something thumped behind him. Turning to look, he saw Tiberius laboriously straightening from a tumble, at the same time as a tall, bulky kind of man appeared from inside, and his naturally frowning features morphed into even more severe lines at the sight of the man brushing gravel off his knees.
Rather badly startled and mad at himself for having been discovered by a bookish, law-abiding mayor such as Fury, Steve stood up, brushing his pants where sand clung to the wet linen.
Tony’s face was expressionless, but his eyes were flickering back and forth between Steve’s, as though trying to catch a trap in one of them.
“Rogers,” he greeted.
“That’s debatable,” Tony said in a conversational sort of voice. “Did the key fit?”
“I believe he’s stalling on a drive around the neighbourhood, sir,” said Jarvis as he went about the room, opening the large shutters, flooding the room with light. Dazzled, Tony turned his face away, squeezing his eyes shut.
Steve thought, and was dismayed when the affectionate thought brought with it a rush of dread. It was not Tony’s fault he was a workaholic—Steve had no room to complain—but when it kept him from sleeping, that’s when it became a problem.
“You are a veteran?” Coulson repeated his question. “For the record, please.”
And distantly, somewhere beyond the boom of the machinery, echoed the deep, bass sound of an explosion.
going anywhere.”
In the following silence, they circled each other. And for a moment, Steve saw Tony’s face, looking at Stane with hatred that could burn a lesser man, and Steve finally understood what Jarvis had meant by a severely set mouth.
Next, a door slammed. Up at the ceiling, below a magnificent fresco, a chandelier shook and winked at them. Out of the door in the middle of the hallway had come a woman, now striding fast towards them, and Steve saw with a start that it was Ms. Hope Pym.
“Oh, give me a break,” he moaned.
“Would
There was little talk after that.
“His heart is weak, and his luck excellent.”
From another room, he heard Bucky call, “Steve!”
“—and you told me to
“Ah,” said Tony, faintly, in recognition.
Steve thought, not for the first time. It had created what looked like neither liquid nor air—if it had any substance at all. Where did it come from? What would it drain?
“Spiders?” repeated Scott, whose voice had risen an octave. He gave a skittish jump when Steve closed the shutters.
“I bet,” said Rogers and stooped to open the lock, thus hiding himself from Tony’s view, but he could have sworn, even in the dim light, there had been something akin to a smile playing at those lips.
… but what did it say? Who had sent it? And, each time he passed the sealed door, Tony could not help but wonder —
“Probably,” said Tony, “but why go through the trouble?”
“Out in the open?” Tony asked, sounding casual. “You aren’t gonna put one of your lackeys on it like for poor Mr. Ross? You always
“We’ve got this,” said Sam, giving Steve’s shoulder two strong pats. “Go get your boy. We’ll cover your six.”
If you don't know me from my previous fic, hi, I'm twenty-five-year-old, northern European who spends far too much effort on writing about fictional characters she is never going to publish for profit, and only in fandoms that are either dead or dying when I traipse in, late to the party as usual #StoryOfMyLife. Anyway, they've been showing the OG's, the crime mama's, creme de la creme on tv since July and my, uh, fingers slipped? And they slipped some more ... like, a lot? And now there's 31,5K on my Word document, half-unedited, cause in this house we use no beta. We die like meh.
“It’s missing a page.”
And Steve stepped out of the shadows for good. He looked over his shoulder one last time as he called, “Stay safe!”; his last glimpse of them being of Clint standing with one boot propped on top of a passed-out man’s rear, Natasha straightening her clothes with a bored expression, and Scott blinking back at him with a slack jaw.
A silence fell.
“So you didn’t see a man in iron armor?”
“That is the most British copout I’ve ever heard,” said Sam.
“I know, but, hey,” said Tony. “I thought we agreed not to talk shop after hours. Wanna run that by me again?”
“You would? I’m rather amused myself."
“Does it really fly?” asked Clint, looking grave.
“Indeed, sir,” confirmed Jarvis, “and which you naturally declined.”
“Then grow a spine and let them hear it. Don’t pass it on to me.”
Steve felt as though a stone had slid through his chest into his stomach. He remembered well enough: he had even handled the thing as they moved between fronts. It had brought a feverish flush of power from feeling its powerful kicks onto the faces of his men as they spun the brass crank…
“I have half the mind to refuse,” he said, wiping his chin. “I did regret his death, but … I never got along with that bastard. You could say we represented two different sides of the same coin, old money and new.”
If he had wished this to gain Steve’s sympathies, he was sorely disappointed, for next to Tony, Steve looked as steely as before.
“Everything all right?” Sam asked, concerned.
Steve had his answer ready. “You said it yourself, Buck. Maybe it
Dispirited, Steve chugged back the rest of his tea, now bitter and lukewarm. The familiar feeling of unease was back in his stomach. He had been so sure answers would have alleviated his worries rather than increasing them.
“It flies,” said Steve, having gathered who the designer of it must be.
Bucky groaned. “Oh, you’re being
, see, you can’t make them stop—”
; it was highly unlikely therefore that he could return to the house tonight. As for where he could stay instead, Tony had no idea where he could hide himself anonymously. Wherever he was, he was sure they would find him; no one at the dinner party had accumulated their wealth by twiddling thumbs. But where to go, then?
“I would be delighted, ma’am, but—”
It was just before dusk that they reached a cabin by the tracks and settled for the night, and by then their shoulders and hat brims were wet with fresh snow.
“Obadiah Stane?” repeated Jarvis like he hadn’t quite understood Bucky’s question. “I’m afraid I have not seen him since the funeral, sir.”
Tony’s voice sounded thick as he replied, “No one’s ever compared me to my mother—"
“Okay,” he said, and at his tone, the rest quieted, “Stane knows we're here. The odds are we'll be riding into heavy fire. Stane’s not going to worry about civilian casualties. Our priority is keeping them out of this.” He looked hard at each of them in turn. “We saw Section 10 empty, by now the rest of the factory as well. We’ll use that for our advantage to get back to our horses, arm ourselves with anything and everything we find on the way. Yes, we are all good at what we do, but in order to win, we need to work as a team, starting now. Do your part. Stay safe. Let’s kill this bastard.”
said Bucky, “refer to the time between the crime committed and the moment of capture, or the moment a sentence has been given in court?”
The man gave Tony a single blink so wide-eyed, Tony felt he had acted outside whatever parameters of interaction the man had assigned beforehand — Tony, most likely,
With a lurch, Rumlow took a step towards.
“Why? Does pain flag you down?” asked Tony before he could bite his tongue.
He had probably meant it as a mood-lightener, but the statement fell flat for Steve, whose gaze brushed, in self-hatred, over all the sharper than usual angles of Tony.
With a speed surprising for a man of his age, Pierce broke for the door, but he was impeded by his own lock; by the time his key touched it, Steve had pulled a hidden gun from under his waistband. He took one large step toward the frantic man and brought the butt end of his six-shooter down on his head.
I am so, so, so sorry but I just had to end it in that cliffhanger.
he got it?”
They all sipped their waters in the following silence as the appreciation rippled amongst them. Then came the dreaded question.
“Oh, so we should just try our hand at prying it open again in case it’s changed its mind—”
However, as the three of them moved to the front door, the two men exchanging looks over the top of Tony’s head, Rogers made avoiding eye contact impossible by turning to face him under the arch of the entry. Behind his back, Bucky continued to stroll to their car. Tony watched him go, feeling forsaken; he appeared to be a stabilizing influence and Tony was sorry to see him gone.
“I did,” said Clint and burped. “Had a big breakfast at the saloon.”
“Fifth of October?”
Matthew Murdoc
“Scott,” answered Natasha quietly, surprising Steve. “Two years in the federal house. For theft.”
Steve shrugged helplessly.
From inside the Office, Bucky and Clint ran to the door, hands on their holsters.
He seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been caught shouting elitist beliefs in less than put-together manner. Steve wasn’t sure whether he liked Pym or not. He supposed he had been ready to help when needed, but he had always seemed somewhat vain and much too critical of Tony without any discernible cause.
“But, hey,” said Tony in a changed tone, “there’s actually two people you could meet now that the threat is over. Maybe I’ll send them mail someday, ask them how they are,” Tony mused, and Steve wondered either of these were behind the penmanship of the date at the back of the photograph.
Tony only hummed, noncommittal. Peggy lingered, then left to find a seat as Matthew Murdoc, the solicitor himself, arrived through the walnut doors.
“He didn’t. His company did.”
“Sir—”
Steve looked around. For one bewildered moment he thought Bucky had already left the room, and then he found him, sitting casually atop Stane’s messy desk, passing a brass paper weight from hand to hand, throwing it higher and higher.
Bucky did not reply; his imagination was racing ahead, far beyond them. Steve took this lull in the dispute to glance at Jarvis. The man had turned his focus on his lap where his knobby knuckles were white around his grip on the photograph.
“You wouldn’t know honesty if it fell on your lap,” Rogers said, lashes hooding his eyes.
Tony watched as those blond brows knitted.
He left, muttering rather distinctly, “Unwashed dishes … that’s what happens when I’m not there to look after things … gossiping and blessing themselves, I’ll show them!”
Tony nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely what he wanted, so as the library doors opened behind them, Tony hurried straight past the hall, up the stairs and into the landing.
That was what he was still thinking over when he got to work only couple hours later.
No answer.
“Certainly. I saw nothing,” said the paler of the two, Christine Everhart.
“Yes, and mostly unhurt,” answered Bruce as he took Steve’s burnt hand in his, and shot a disapproving look down at Steve, “but not for a lack of trying.”
A set of rushing footsteps and the scampering pitter-patter of nails followed, and Tony could just distinguish a canine reflection on the polished floor fleeting quickly past the door.
He did not think much about the request as they wound their way through the hedges and beds to emerge in a part of the property where the trees grew wilder, denser, less nurtured. Even if he had, he would have not come up with the answer. It was so unlikely that it simply didn’t occur to him — until he saw it with his own eyes: there on the muddy, leaf-strewn ground was a line of round impressions.
Tony, starting to feel he was in control of his life for the first time in weeks, felt an impish smirk pull at his cheeks as he vowed, “Say no more.”
And there are so many more of us
“When you do — can I watch?”
He grew quiet but only for a spell.
“Did the crossing take long?”
“No,” said Steve loudly, “to the saloon, please.” At Tony’s look, Steve said, “There’s someone who would like to meet you.”
for example. Or,
“How long,” repeated Strucker brusquely.
Jarvis blinked at him. Steve thought his milky eyes wouldn’t dry for the rest of the day; he just hoped this shock, though a happy one at that, would not prove to be too much for him. Not when they had just gotten each other back.
Tony; and secondly, if there was a battle to be had, was a uniform a requirement.
ATTORNEY    AT    LAW
“Hammer Hall,” answered Tony: its windows could be seen above the mausoleum, above the treetops, from the study. He shot Steve a sharp look. “Will you pay them a visit?”
“Last time I did, it brought half the forest floor with it and spread it all over the hall,” said Jarvis, bowing out.
Four days as agreed, right?
“Are we back to this?” Tony said. “Homicide isn’t my style.” A slow prickling had started near his temples; he groaned, “Please stop frowning, you’re giving me a headache.”
“Yes,” said Steve.
… their marriage was dead, but Tony needn’t be…
Of the eldest son—
Bucky was scowling furiously. “We ain’t got a warrant. Stane wasn’t our mission.”
“When was your last day off?”
And, indeed, as the saloon door creaked open before them, Tony was revealed, seated at a table, clutching a coffee between his hands.
is undoubtedly your mother’s smile.”
As if thrown by an invisible force, not unlike a heat mirage above hot ground, Stane went airborne—two hundred pounds of limbs and body were lifted in the air like a kite and got flown sixty feet backwards, along with a heavy industrial table. The clatter of it, Steve could have sworn, caused the floor underneath him quake.
Sharon, then, got on her face an expression Steve had last seen on a darker-haired woman, who had called him
, do you?”
he swore privately instead, and turned his eyes to the source of the voice.
“Happens to the best of us,” Tony told him bracingly, still lazily reclined.
“They may try,” said Clint, sounding morose as he swallowed. “But the day I’m killed taking a squat will be the day hell freezes over.”
“So,” Tony asked, “how long will I be bedbound? Do they have you playing my nurse?” When he smiled, it was fabricated; all cheek, no eyes. “Not that it’s the worst option thinkable but … might be less awkward for all parties involved if you didn’t give me a sponge bath. It’s been sixty days after all.”
Steve swallowed and shied from Tony’s furiously squinted eyes. The walls of their home, and the still pale clay in between the thick logs, proved a good substitute. He had done the seal himself, not knowing the married bliss that had spurred him forward would expire before the clay had had the chance to darken with age and wear.
Steve looked from one man to another, contemplative.
“I don’t want to lose you,” he said.
“Anything special you remember about him?” Steve lead eagerly.
“Oh,” he breathed. “Hi, you’re awake.”
Steve bared his teeth at him and thrust the barrel flush with Stane’s sweaty forehead. He was sure the pressure put on it would leave a red mark, but that would be nothing compared to the ring-shaped burn if he pulled the trigger now…
Along with Tony, dreams of doing something other had left him weeks ago. It had always been something he had thought about doing
Anyways, a MASSIVE thank you to anyone who left comments, kudos or bookmarked! You are all my heroes and the real MVPs of the stony fandom for clicking on a fic that is so outside the common tropes. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
“I’m thorough, not desperate. What kind of man goes to such lengths to frame you, have you tried and hanged. First for one, then for two. Now, for a
Ms. Althea had seized the pause and was striding the distance between them with a shuffle of silks. Beside Steve, Sharon narrowed her eyes at him one last time before departing into the opposite direction.
“He’s a good man, though,” the other said, a little defensively. “If he was paid piecework instead of wages, there would be no money left in this town—”
Happy looked satisfied; Tiberius let his cigarette drop and snuffed it onto the ground at Tony’s feet, but he had barely straightened when he was seized by the front of his wool lapels by Happy and forced towards the garage.
“The—the inquest?” Tony got out, observing blearily the thin strip of light coming through the unopened shutters.
“Now, don’t worry, I’ve got a team of guys coming in tomorrow to wrap them up—”
The house was so dark he felt his eyes strain trying to take in light that was not there. His socks slid on the hardwood as he walked in further, and his rapidly thumping heart was working its way up his suddenly tight throat. With his sight unavailable, his hearing was picking up the slack; the silence was pressing and ominous, like a dense cloud. At the foot of the grand staircase he came to a still, blinked rapidly, and waiting for something to happen.
“He had the most curious collection of books at his house,” he said. “The Art of War, a volume on the Comte de Sade, another on Marxism. They can tell a lot about a man.”
“You weren’t kidding about the rot,” said Tony with decisiveness as his fist clenched upon the key on his palm. “You’d be more comfortable at the King’s Arms. Rhodey says it’s cosy.”
They were, unquestionably, hoofprints.
Obie sighed. This was followed by several sorrowful minor chords.
There was a warning there. A request to let it go, yet Steve couldn’t. “I thought we told each other everything,” he said.
“—do we take him down or wait for the marshals?” Sam’s voice broke though the buzzing.
“You want to talk about theater?” asked Stane.
(See the end of the chapter for
The glass shell broke upon impact, dozens of tiny shards reflecting lamplight—then, as Steve rather heard than saw, a charge snaked outward along the wet stones to a stunned Stane, who never managed to move his finger. His body twitched and fell, convulsing, onto the tracks.
“Of course, I’ve got everything.”
“Cap—er, Sheriff Rogers, sir,” said Scott Lang, flustered, but looking at Steve steadily. “The law doesn’t rest, huh? Cool, cool … cool. I said that already, didn’t I?”
“What?” asked Bucky, rather alarmed. “Why?”
“Steve?”
“To frame you? But why,” asked Rhodey, suddenly suspicious, “are the police after
Steve squared his shoulders. “No.”
“Stark?”
“Well, well,” said Stern, and Tony could hear a note of trepidation, and knew Stern was wondering whether he had indeed verbally assaulted a friend of the host. Tony’s palm was sweating under the cool glass of the martini; he would not have been surprised to know Stern, as a politician, could smell fraud. But, at last, he let Tony in, grudgingly.
“I was keeping watch on you, Tony. I called on you on the day of his scheduled demise. When I found the house empty, and I realized the fool had taken you with him, I thought I was ruined. But luckily, Howard’s idiocy had not yet run its course. He had sat you on the floor of the carriage where the structure was at its strongest, and you, miraculously, survived. I breathed again.
“Shall I start serving dinner, sir?” he asked.
“Tony?” he breathed.
“Sam!” hissed Steve. “Clint, Scott.”
“Then so be it, jerk!” Steve yelled back, and let the front door bang shut after him, leaving Bucky to find his own way out of Tony and his house; Steve desired nothing more than to get away from him.
“Are you sure—” started Obie and begun to round on Tony.
At this moment, Tony’s eyes met Steve’s, and several things happened at once: Tony seized Stane’s arm, suddenly dexterous, and slew of bullets descended on Steve and Bucky. He saw it, a flicker of an aiming arm, out of the corner of his eye and surprise paralyzed him for a second too long; the first bullet missed him by an inch—then a second gunshot sounded, met by Bucky’s fire; and a man fell forward onto the pavement from his hide behind the pillar of the theater.
[3] Also, yeah, I kind of went hard on the daddy issues aspect so bear with me while I shamelessly use this fic as a form of catharsis lmao
“I don’t know,” Steve said honestly. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”
assertive?” He gave a rather manic laugh. “You really couldn’t help yourself, could you?”
The boys of cloth called it the sanctuary of theology. If it were any more life-like, the angels would pluck theirs harps and sing to you. A tune that would make Mozart sound like a toddler with a fiddle.”
“Your wife?” said Steve at once, reaching into his pocket while staring avidly at the gardener. “What’s her name?”
Tony put forward his hand. “Truce?”
Something crashed as though kicked in anger.
“And before you leave,” Fury said, “I want you to visit Pym.”
“Am I supposed to take it that you fell?”
Pepper’s smile, once Tony had set down the art and had an undisturbed view of her freckled face, was a little too understanding.
Rogers, then, appealed to Jarvis.
“So, Sam just left for the next township over to give the news in person. Likely he’ll take a little longer since he’s gonna have to cross the river on Red Wing’s back and it’s flooding…you alright?”
“I don’t see how it’s
. It’s all right. He’s not in there.”
Optimistically, Sam tried to pry open the door. It did not budge. “Locked!” he cursed.
“What kept you?” Steve called out to her.
Tony sniffed. “I can be charming, you know.”
She finished this on a rather happy note, and looked over her shoulder as they passed. The look lingered. It left an unpleasant taste in Tony’s mouth.
After about two hundred yards, they reached a fork. They looked at each other, and divided, again, into threes.
The theory fit: the secrecy, the weird hours suddenly made sense. Still, it did not satisfy. Was this really why he came in so late? Bored, Tony had said. Yet he skipped meals, piled up project after project with a frenzy as though trying to reach a deadline—for what?
“Someone lit in on purpose,” Steve agreed. “Coil oil? Where’s Clint?”
Steve sighed.
“Do me a favor,” he said. “If we ever start another war, don’t offer to spy for us.”
Steve faltered. It was his regulated U. S. army winter jacket—or, rather, it
“I frequently oversee hangings in Denver. I’m afraid its romantic potential is lost on me,” Steve said, dryly.
“You know me,” said Tony evasively. “Not one for talking.”
“Long night?” asked Bucky as soon as Steve came in. “Haven’t had one of those in a while.”
“Oh, I think we’ll find use for you,” said Fury vaguely. “Take a seat.”
“It is a fraud! Favoritism!” he bellowed, pointing at Steve. “First the mail is late! Now the water is so cold that in order to cross it, one has to turn himself into a human icicle, and you, Rogers, are purposefully withholding the prosecution because the culprit was a friend of yours! This is not justice! This dog
Steve frowned.
“What?” Steve asked, miles away.
“Okay?” Steve said, feeling lost.
Silence fell between them and Tony wished there was something other than four bare walls to use to catch his friend’s attention with. Rhodey glanced towards him and Tony thought he saw a trace of disappointment in his eyes.
“Yes,” he said, taking a sip while gazing at Steve, “I suppose it is.”
“I’m all right,” he heard himself say.
“And, for God’s sake, talk to Obie. He’s harassing me now that you’re out of his reach. Breakfast, dinnertime, just before retiring, you name it. The guy grasps your lapel and doesn’t let go for a good fifteen minutes. Bet he’s got a lot of experience on stopping escapes,” finished Rhodey with a meaningful glance at Tony.
“You’re drunk.”
A moment of unbearable silence settled between them.
Over in the corridor, Steve spied Fury finishing a conversation with Tony’s doctor. When they passed by each other just by the door of Tony’s ward, Fury nodded to him cordially.
No promises for chapter 7, other than that I will not abandon this, ever. We will bring this story to finish line, whatever it takes lol
“Wouldn’t have been my first call,” said Bucky. “But the bull did a number on her.”
“When Obie found out where I lived … A part of me told to scatter the mail into the river and continue this new life … but…”
your employer, Mr. Stark, in the hall around four o’clock so, clearly, you moved about,” said the left Police-Constable doubtfully. “The door’s right by your room.”
“Mr. Pym,” said the woman, relieving Steve of the responsibility to make empty greetings, “your guests have arrived.”
Ten to one, though, the walnut doors swung open on their own accord and in walked a woman, whose hard-soled heels clicked as she approached, slowly and purposefully, to the desk surrounded by walls and walls of volumes.
“Not against the law, is it?” said Tiberius, who was looking at Tony over his cigarette rather short-sightedly in his drunkenness.
He spun and looked around, listening again. He turned a full circle on the carpet, the silence pressing harder than ever against his strained ears. He knew he had not imagined it, but nothing was making a sound except the rasp of his elevated breathing.
“Sheriff,” she said in a half-bemused, half-disapproving tone.
Sharon’s brown eyes looked very anxious under her glittering mask. “Because I don’t believe he did what they claim he did.”
“Just passed Carson City,” said Bucky, and sure enough, at that moment the train hit an upward slope and the chugging of the engine grew louder while the grinding slowed.
“A month! To the date. Now, is it true, you were exposed to toxic smoke on the night of the fire?” he asked. “Has that troubled you?”
Tony threw himself into the panicked crowd. People were shouting for torches and candles; many ran out the door to find them; in the darkness it was hard to tell a man from another.
. “You again?”
Sound returned like someone had unplugged Steve’s ears.
“Anthony Stark, master of the house,” he hummed to himself, tasting the words. “Well … I’ve got one part covered all right,” he said, and downed the glass.
“Oh, great,” said Tony. “Let’s invite them back, march up to their doorstep with a warrant in hand. Bet they’d love it.”
Funny, he thought dazedly, he remembered having a bullet in his body being more painful than this. His legs gave out. He looked down at his chest. There was no blood, but as he had shifted, something had fallen to the ground—
“I do apologize, ma’am. But we are extremely busy,” he said and started inching toward the Office door.
Silence fell between the three of them as they looked down at the heifer. The victim of the rampant bull’s lone stampede had a beautiful golden-brown coat that was now marred by two horn-shaped punctures and, just distinguishable under a trickle of dried blood, was Hank Pym’s brand of three interloped rings, not unlike an ant.
Hooves clapped on the street up ahead. Steve kept looking around him, craning his neck to see over Bucky’s head, but their chosen path was deserted. At the crossing, which was empty as well, they reached two possible directions, and took the right. Steve wasn’t sure why, but the lack of people unnerved him. Surely this meant something had scared them off? It felt reassuring to think this
“There’s going to be a storm tonight. I suggest weathering it out at home.”
“He’s breathing,” said Stone, very softly, withdrawing his hand. “He’s not gone, Jim.”
She dashed off.
are you doing here?”
“You’ve got your thinking cap on,” noted Tony, who was looking at Steve’s mile-long gaze. “What’s the plan, Inspector?”
convenient, doesn’t it?”
“Where are you going?” Bucky quickly asked.
and Steve was left behind. Wringing the wet hem of his jacket, Steve followed its progress sulkily. The lamp-lit street was clear … nothing else seemed to be going on in the town … Steve had taken his first step back to work, when something on the street caught his eye … something distinctly odd.
The door banged shut on Tony’s face, leaving him to glower at the world beyond it through the eyelets of its mesh screen. A lock clicked, the door was rattled experimentally, and then footsteps retreated. A door opened and closed, and Tony was left behind to massage his sore throat.
Rogers, who was wearing that small, self-satisfied smile again, said, “It’s Steve.”
“Uh, special branch.”
“Because
you knew him,” he mocked. “Him and the two things he was good at. One of the two lead him to crash his car into an English oak.” Tony, hand shaking, straightened the fountain pens by his knuckles into a neat row, and spoke, “You’ve been here for twenty minutes, so I’ll give you another fifteen to hash out what you need. After that, I’m going to continue my day as it was, that is, with or without you.”
They packed up their dishes and quilts after breakfast and moved down the mountainside in slippery snow, which turned to slush by the time the sun climbed over the peaks behind their back. It pursued them to the wooded valley, and persisted all day, through ridges and plains. They rode overnight. It was as though a flame had been lit inside them, urging them to catch lost time. And the fiercer the wish to find Tony burned inside Steve, the less joyful the undisguised circuit of the sun made him.
“Are you aware that this has become a bit of a mania with you?” Clint said and faced Natasha, joining in the argument. “You think you can escape your past by catching one more bad guy.”
“Just look at who got what he had always wanted,” Bucky said, standing up again and starting to pace on the corridor outside the cells. “The position as one of the most powerful men in this country … the biggest weapons factory on the western hemisphere … finally feeling as important as he wants!”
But after the last skirt had rounded the corner, and Steve trailed off to home, he closed himself into their bedroom, racked for the first time since his walk along the river by wrenching, breathless bout of tears. He sat on their iron bedstead with Tony’s last gift forced to his mouth, howling actually, uncontrolled, hoping no one would hear him.
“A dog?” exclaimed Obie, who had just paused mid-bending over the desk in order to snatch a cigar from the malachite box. He scratched at his bald and sighed. “I’ll look into it, but, well—”
“No!” Steve shouted as his body unlocked. “Get your hands off him!”
In answer, Coulson walked up to the desk and spread before their eyes a Sanborn fire insurance map of San Francisco, which was colored in pinks, yellows and greens to relate the locations and use of each building as well as its construction material. Stark Industries spread in the right corner of it, far larger than any other house. The map showed its main halls, balconies, main entrances, and barracks.
Tony’s mouth worked for several moments as he tried to form into words his current thought process. Eventually, he settled for a thoroughly exasperated expression.
A rather heavily astonished Rumlow, who was gasping for breath on the floor, was slow to respond. At last, his fumbling fingers withdrew a coil of thin rope from his jacket pocket, which he used to tie Pierce’s feet, and then arms. And by their instructions, linked those knots together so that he rope was pulled the taut behind Pierce’s back.
With the darkness of the night outside, and the company of someone, who seemed to expect nothing of him, he allowed himself to relax, and they sat in a comfortable silence, broken only by the sound of Bruce blowing his drink cooler. Steve was looking out of the window, though, once he caught his own reflection upon it, his shifting gaze locked on the bottle of Dr. Erskine’s Burn Healing Activator on the window-sill and lingered there until Bruce spoke.
“Has it really been so long,” said a voice that was most familiar, “that you no longer recognize a friend.”
“Hydra—
“No, I am
“With a face like Pierce’s?” said Bucky, a corner of his lips twitching, “I wouldn’t have trusted him with a copy, either.”
The ground of San Francisco shook anew, drowning the screams of those onboard.
“Tony, it’s us,” Steve said, and took careful steps toward him. “We’ve come to save you. You’re going to be fine. You’re safe.”
“He’s not right. He’s flushed, manic. Hot one minute, cold the next. Surely, you’ve noticed. The time he’s supposedly at work makes no sense at all.”
“Bad move,” said Stane and snatched the gun he had been inching toward. He pulled the trigger.
“Oh, boy,” sighed Tony in an undertone.
Obie, apparently, detected an underlying note of hurt in his tone.
“Huh?” Tony said vaguely; he was still perched precariously on his stool, immersed in his newest project.
When at last they reached the forge, Tony took his key to the lock, shouldered the wide doors open and slipped inside into the unlit room. And just a moment later, he came out with a bundle of familiar fabric. Steve’s face fell. He, who from Tony’s serious expression had expected something much more serious than this, stared down at the fabric in bafflement.
Peter lifted up his mask to slip the unwrapped jellybean into his mouth. With hasty thanks, he picked up the branch and hurried off, without giving Steve any time to offer fatherly words of advice, though admittedly he could not think of any. Instead, Steve turned to Clint with a look of wintry disapproval.
Around the table, Steve met the looks of his friends, ranging from amused to knowing. Again, his conscience squirmed.
He then glanced at Rhodey, half-hopeful he might soften at this small instance of humour, but his eyes remained focused on the solicitor now fretting with a crisply white envelope. When Murdoc spoke again, his tone changed.
And only when Steve caught Tony’s expression of disbelief, did he conversely start to believe in it himself, and fully trust when a matching band laid on his. They would need to learn each other’s bodies again, as well as their own, Steve thought. But for now, both of them were content with simply lingering in the other’s presence…
“Recon, you mean? said Bucky, approvingly. “Stane’s office must be up here. I say we push on.”
It missed him by a foot; a stroke of undeserved luck for Stane which left none for Tony; the beam sprung on its tip, now heading for him.
In the second row, a square-jawed man leaned closer to his neighbor, a thin man, and whispered something to his ear. The friend smirked and nodded.
Two figures were walking slowly ahead. One big and wide, one short and stiffly moving: Stane had caught up to Tony, whose movements were sluggish—
“Which part of the garden were you working on the day before Tiberius Stone was killed?”
sir.”
“You can give me a dog. I want one. Find it for me.”
Steve made a face. “My mam was Irish.”
He wished he had asked more questions while Howard had been alive. There were so many days wasted, hours he could have used to find out more about how to be the man Howard was…
,” said Sam desperately. “How did Stane find Tony when we all thought him dead? Why would he want him to make a weapon when he’s got whole stocks of them himself?”
Still unsure whether this was a very intricate dream or not, Steve started to slowly slide the ring where it belonged—past a new scar on Tony’s knuckle—sitting tight where it fit best.
“That’s what dad always said—”
And then Steve heard Scott’s voice.
“Should complete the set nicely, then,” Steve said but broke off with a curse: Bruce had just poured alcohol into the cut, which, stung and shocked him.
“Family doctor in London confirmed it was to treat depression, though evidence suggest it was likelier used for boosting productivity. They do not, however, alter one's personality or distort one's perceptions of reality, they’re, in that sense at least, morally acceptable. Gimmicks of a high-speed, high-energy way of society.”
“See, he doesn’t
Sam blinked at Bucky until, quite suddenly, his bemused expression cleared. “Oh, yes. Big spiders.” He said conversationally, “Remember that saucer-sized wolf spider we had to wrestle out of our kettle last May?”
Instead of treating him downstairs, Bruce ushered Steve straight to his apartment above his practice, where he sat Steve down by the table while he unpacked his groceries into the kitchen cupboards. Staring around the space, trying to think of a good excuse to his lack of selfcare he hadn’t yet used, Steve saw a bed, a curtained alcove, a frayed oriental carpet and several precarious-looking piles of books. It was most unusual to observe Bruce’s modest living environment; he was good enough to practice in New York, or Washington.
But Jarvis had not heard anything past the first words which he repeated, barely out loud.
Fury smirked. “You will.”
What appeared to be a very, very strange oil lamp had appeared onto his ceiling during the day. As he closed the door behind him, Tony looked down from the stool, on which he was standing, disentangling his hands from what-ever-that-was in their ceiling.
Steve, feeling baffled, only shrugged.
He moved towards the wardrobe again with a heavy chest. Since the fire, there had been only one spare jacket, which he had not worn save from that one night of weakness in this very room. Steve warred with himself: he pondered first, if it would be in bad taste to be seen wearing Tony’s last gift
Tony sighed. Steve felt this both in the movement of his jaw against his shoulder, and in the breath that stirred his own long hair. As if following an identic thought process, a curious finger started to play with a strand of it. Steve suppressed a shiver.
There was a pause that Steve would have described as awkward and embarrassed had he not known Fury better. With an air of forcing himself to admit something unpleasant, Fury said, “I will neither deny nor confirm those claims.”
The music cut off. Tony looked up to see Rogers with a finger on the needle of the gramophone.
Rhodey, who had tiny droplets of water trapped in his buzz and brows, had arrived late and hoarse-voiced, for he had had to shoo off a throng of morbidly curious villagers gathered at the lodge gates, as if Tony’s house was the Chamber of Horrors at Tussaud’s.
“It’s Sunday,” said Steve, peering up at him from his seat on the step of their porch.
of June 1935, which declares the following,” Murdoc stated rather mechanically, extracting said paper from the open case. “Legacies for Edwin and Anna Jarvis and the Maria Stark Foundation. The bulk of the estate, including Ditton Park and the shares in Stark Industries, passes on to his son, Anthony Edward Stark.”
Rhodey was about to object, but Tony shushed him — the solicitor was ready.
“But I only said that to try and persuade you to sleep!” Bucky cried. “I didn’t really mean it.”
They squeezed through an alley breaking the line, and for a moment they could see nothing but dark walls and the strip of light they were heading towards. It grew as they got closer until, at last, a view of the bay lined with massive factories spread before their eyes that had widened in awe.
Jarvis straightened. “This
“How ironic, Tony. You could have stayed hidden forever. I expected to find you somewhere alone and too proud to ask for help. But you did … you did … you have a weak heart that fell to the charms of a captain. A patriot!” Stane mocked, engaged and unaware said man was glowering at his back, gesturing at Bucky to shadow the two. “And now your little hero has run straight to your rescue. After I’m done with you, I’ll take care of your friends for good.”
The stiff leather of his new shoes kept creaking, and at the cellar stairs, he pulled them off. He turned the door handle silently and crept into the hall.
“Right, so,” said Tony, “death came on horseback.”
“And speaking of Coulson,” said Natasha, turning to Steve. “Have you dropped by his place recently? I forgot to tell you: Phil wants to see you.”
Whatever Roger’s answer to that might have been, Tony did not hear it, for at that exact moment, the telephone rang. Rogers startled; a bit of tea drippled onto his dish.
“—and those terrible miners
“Funny you should ask that,” Steve said, and sat down by their trestle table. A kettle whistled in the kitchen. While Tony disappeared behind the corner, Steve placed the newspaper next to him as a reminder of what he wanted to ask. However, when Tony returned to set the table with their plain, casual dinner set, it turned out Steve didn’t have to bring it up after all.
He turned to the tray — the crystal decanter was empty. Obliquely, he cast glances at the glass in front of Obie; the liquid in it was quivering to the thrum of each press of key vibrating through the instrument.
In answer, Tony turned very pale.
“Me, too,” said Clint.
“But, you’re … you don’t … divorce?”
Silence fell between them, both lost in their own thoughts, but Tony was sure Steve, like him, was thinking about meetings in a dark, thunderous library — but they were, once again, interrupted.
Then, after several solid minutes, during which Tony had admired the light falling on Steve’s golden-brown brows, a knock came on the class.
“Where’s Sitwell?” inquired Pierce from Rumlow, keeping his eyes and pistol trained on them.
“I can’t believe this,” said Bucky, whose jaw muscles worked as if he was chewing.
And before Steve knew it, Tony had grabbed him by his cartridge belt and sidled up to him.
“I don’t know,” said Rogers after he was finished. “There’s a chance he was telling the truth—”
“Stane certainly keeps an eye on everything that goes on,” Bucky observed, not favorably, from the side of the shelving of patent drawings and folders. “Sector one … four … nine. Up to twenty! We’re going to be here for ages.”
Tony watched, feeling rather vindicated, as Rogers leaned over his desk to drop the receiver back onto the switchhook.
“It’s not gonna be a problem, Fury,” replied Natasha. “You know I’m comfortable with anything.”
Relief pulsed through Steve’s body. As they passed gleaming wooden door after wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with a name, an occupation or its purpose upon it, the magnitude of the building compared to his initial, lone-gunslinger plan started to catch up on him. Steve was loath to admit, but Bucky had been right—he wouldn’t have gotten past the lobby,
Steve turned around on his heel. Huddled against the porch railing was Mayor Fury, wearing a coat so dusty that it perfectly blended into the brick wall of the office.
And he left with squelching shoes; the brimming pails had spilled and sloshed on all their trouser legs and feet while quelling the fire in a hurry.
“Meaning if I can’t tell whether you did or did not do it in a quarter of an hour, I won’t be able to in a day?” he said. “Week?”
Outside, where the October air felt cold and fresh after the suffocating blaze, more hands fought him as he tried to get back, to save Tony.
Tony, even thought there was nothing hilarious about the situation, snickered. For a while it seemed to be the only sound in the room; he could not hear movement upstairs, though he imagined several parties involved had stayed behind, walking room to room to tell them what had happened, what they believed had happened, what they
—we’ve got keys.” He had bent down to retrieve them from under Pierce’s bowed form. “Where do we start looking for Tony? Steve?”
And it opened.
On the riverbank, townsmen had already formed a long line that moved like a wave as men and women passed pails of water between them down from the river up into the towering flames. But the fire was too strong, their attempts too futile, and their pails too small. The bridge blazed for another minute in front of the town’s disbelieving eyes, until finally collapsing into the river, leaving only smoke curling in the air. The night turned dark again.
Next, Steve stared at the forge as his steps took him closer to the remote edge of the town. He was waiting for the moment when Tony would come out of the shop, proving he hadn’t already left without a word. However, Tony did not appear then, and after a while, Steve found himself simply gazing at it out of nostalgy, wondering if the strength of his feelings might penetrate the walls, that Tony would somehow know Steve was thinking of them, not holding a grudge.
“That’s what they all say,” he said, his tongue prickling. “I thought you would not be afraid to state differently. I’m very aware there’s a lot of things I can’t prevent. Here we are, at the brink of a second civil war, isolated and I’m miles away from solving either of those problems.”
Tony forced down his frustration, reminded himself that Rogers was in possession of a coveted title at such a young age, and that therefore his,
“Think it’s funny, do you?”
A man spoke, and the sound of the voice wound Tony’s fear to an even higher pitch.
He groaned, regretting the action as soon as pain shot up his throat from his bruised vocal chords. The pages stopped their riffling.
They searched the place and found nothing. Frustration and bitter disappointment welled up inside Steve; he marched back into the bedroom, but right at the door, he heard Bucky gasp in a breath so suddenly, Steve felt his stomach perform a complicated backflip; he spun back, half expecting to see a note nailed to a wall, but again there was nothing there.
Steve got to his feet and, assuaging, said, “I’ll call him back.”
Scott did not hear him over the still-going hum; the cogs were still turning.
“Really, Tony. There’s nothing wrong with the inn. At least there I’ll receive only what I paid for—” He spoke louder, then, over Tony’s protests “—and you heard her! The man’s about to break his back. We barely got him to come down from the stepladder and at his age—”
Chairs scraped behind them as one more table emptied for the day. Steve finally braved a sip, and grimaced.
Gradually, they moved from behind the stacks. Steve glanced up into the ceiling where the foggy sky was darkening. Oddly, one of the glass panels there was broken and before he had time to send a warning, its remains crunched under Scott’s feet. They froze; the hall became deathly quiet.
“I got held up giving the police a helping hand,” said Tony, braving a sip of his drink, but got an elbow to his side; liquid dripped onto his fingers, which he sucked on impatiently.
They had now come so close to where Steve was hidden by the theater, that he heard Tony’s whisper as he looked up at the lime-stoned face.
“It’s worth a look,” Steve said, stopping the bickering.
But Tony answered, not with a playful reprimand, but with a violent start. The coffee in his mug sloshed around along the movement.
“Wait,” Tony said and passed Steve, who had frozen still, a folded piece of thick letter paper. “Can you give this to Fury.”
Natasha leaned over the counter to grip his resting forearm. Her red hair became backlit by the lights behind, gaining the appearance of a fiery halo. This sudden likeness to fire was of no comfort to Steve.
We're trying to sell a house I inherited some 8 years ago and it requires a bit of TLC before it's ready to be bought by anyone so that's kept me busy enough for these weeks... Should be okay now, so, next update will be on time because it's already been read through for mistakes.
“Me,” she replied simply. “And I am frankly astonished I’ve not been heard earlier. You see, I had trouble sleeping on the night of the fires. There had been such a horrible racket coming from the forge—more than usual. I… happened to be at the window, the one overseeing the front door of the forge, and I saw something.”
Natasha angled herself fully towards Bucky now, eyes blazing.
During the following silence, Jarvis picked at Bucky’s coat that had been rolled and tucked under his head.
“God moves mysteriously,” sighed Tony, sitting up, “but not that fast. It’s sore.”
“Well, he was—
“What,” asked Steve.
There was a slap and a muffled moan.
“What?” he asked. “You were looking kind of … intense there.”
One more stop.
have a certain affinity for drama.”
“I don’t know,” said Steve, frowning at the picture of Tony, whose chest was just cropped out by the picture frame. “Sir, when you said a piece of wood flied through the wagon…”
“Anthony?” it asked. “Is that you?”
“Well,” Bucky said, “on the upside, we are in
“Is that your father talking or you?”
“No hard feelings, sonny,” he said with easy confidence to Natasha, reaching a hand towards her. “It’s nothing personal—”
“I was, wasn’t I?”
As Clint talked, Steve’s heart sped up.
Steve noted, though, that he sounded like he considered this improbable.
Steve accepted the offered snifter and watched the golden liquid swirl in its bowl.
“Well, it’s not my place to speak ill, of course, but I rather think he lacked the same vision I saw in Mr. Stark.”
“Huh,” said Tony in recognition. “Here to scrape off the skim from the milk before the rest have the chance, Aunt Peggy?”
“Yes,” said Fury, who stopped rooting through his safe right when the door of the room opened. “As a matter of fact, I already took the liberty of inviting them here.”
are not Tony,” Sam said.
“Evil is a strong word.”
Steve shot a sore glance at Clint. “Hello, partner,” he said.
He picked himself up again, trailing a finger along the back of the drawer, seeking for an uneven edge. When his fingertips graced it, he tugged — and a dark square of thin wood, exactly the size of the bottom, came loose, revealing three sheets of paper: Tony bent down and rifled through them.
—always with an indefinite date in mind to postpone it and take it off his mind for the time being. Steve wondered if Tony had sensed that continuing thigs as they were had always seemed easiest to him. Had Tony become frustrated by his lack of decisiveness?
And when he left, some hours later, Tony couldn’t help but notice he looked rather smug.
As he worked on the knot behind the frame, he heard Pepper’s leather galoshes clicking closer.
“You sure the charge didn’t zap
“Thaddeus Ross is dead,” Clint announced.
“Read the news?” he asked, when the roll was finally successful.
Tony looked up. Jarvis hesitated.
“He’s willing to talk?” Sam said, his breath misting the air. “Is he not aware snitching could cost him his life?”
Tony stared at him.
“Fair enough,” Tony said and sat back. He let his raised hands go limp, slapping them against his thighs as they came to rest there. “A week. Done. Agreed.”
to?” he asked, cautiously, after a beat.
One of the off sunny days found Clint and Steve behind stacked sacks of flour in front of Joe’s. All around them there was a fine dusting of powdery snow that had fallen the night before, and which Clint had brushed off the sacks, so that it would not stir when he took his shot and, subsequently, alert his presence to the man they were looking out for.
“And what about you?” Tony hazarded.
have you been drinking?”
They walked out into the corridor, followed along it to the exposed railing that opened a view to downstairs where what seemed to be the whole town had gathered. At the sight of them, their noise filled the room all the way to the rafters. Trading looks, Tony and Steve descended the stairs.
It opened barely a half an inch. Steve took Tony to another cluster of free seats and tried that window. It slid down with a squeak, cold air swooping in and ruffling both their lengthened hair. Tony breathed in deep and leaned his forehead against the window. Steve sat by his side, taking a hold of his hand.
“You’re fired,” Tony said.
To prove the upper classes
“That was rhetorical, just humour me. Can I have this?” said Tony and without waiting for permission made a grab at Obie’s snifter, holding it up by its round bowl. “’Cause technically, it’s mine … well, soon enough.”
“Don’t think I don’t know why you’ve invited me here,” he said abruptly.
“Oh, how
Tony’s heartbeat was racing, as if he had been sprinting. He sat quite still, though, holding the unexpected paper in his clenched hands while inside of him a kind of silent eruption sent confusion and disappointment in consecutive waves through his body. Slumping deeper into the tufted chair, he reread the words scrawled across it, apparently, at random:
“Tony, Tony. Come on, the solicitor called me. It’s the reading of the will today,” Obie said, strolling casually to the piano tucked in the corner of the room. He drew the bench under him and set his glass onto the glossy lid. “I have to be part of it.”
just happened?”
“There, however,
In the following silence, the pendulum of the clock ticked and clacked. Tony’s eyes followed its movement, mutinously quiet.
“If you’re going to steal him for the night, you’ll have to get in line,” he said, effectively ending the conversation.
“No, you’re fucking
“Careful,” Clint interjected. “Steve’s sensitive to that kind of talk.”
“Copper-zinc,” Steve heard Tony mutter. “It’s a
Rogers was sitting at the end of the couch armrest, back bowed into a relaxed posture. The little booklet lay open on his knee by a table lamp. This backlight had turned Roger’s simple white shirt transparent, displaying a series of lines under its soft folds. The sight tangled with the usual stirring of irritation, which a moment later became a jolt, as he found it stirring something else in him, remembering the moment last night when Rogers had pushed him almost into his lap.
Pierce nodded, satisfied, and started to lead the now-trio to Tony.
Steve sprung up along with Bucky, kneeling by Jarvis as his body was racked by a dry, wheezy fit.
Here, he lifted his hands, trailing them up the gilded frame and, once he had a good, strong grip of it, lifted it off its hook, behind of which emerged a metal façade. He brought the key in his hands, which were now sweating mildly, to the keyhole.
Steve looked down as well. There was a scarlet slash in the shape of a padlock burnt across the width of his palm. He could also see where parts of his body hair had been singed off as Bruce slathered his hand in oil and put dressing on it.
“That’s hysterical,” Tony said. “I don’t have a stinger.”
To which a vaguely familiar voice replied: “Will, it’s got nothing to do with that matter.”
Fury followed his gaze to the letters on his hands, looked up and grinned. It did something funny to the shape of his mouth, not helped by the fact Steve had never seen such expression on him.
“… I was young back then. I ran outside where there was quite the crowd, most treating the injured. Burns, fragment wounds. And the crater … right there, in front of the ball. We could not believe such thing would happen in America … not in Manhattan, not in daylight.”
“They have names,” he said coldly.
“But … if you wanted to keep me out of it,” said Tony slowly, “who was she spying on?”
“I can check the saloons,” offered Sam.
“Really?” he asked. “Don’t you know people like you
make you see more of this town than this room. Even if it means making you a new pair of legs, I will do it,” he finished fiercely.
They lifted the corona restrictions where I live and I finally was able to spend the midsummer holiday with my family (grandma included), and we got that house sold last Monday! I was busy at calling the bank, printing and copying papers and whatnot the whole week, too.
Steve mulled this over: how did Stane let a slip like this happen? Had he been so sure of his immunity he took one look at this person he considered nothing but a servant—an old, poor, working-glass man with little connections—and overestimated how deep his loyalty went or, knowing Stane’s modus operandi, how far his bribes carried?
Steve was sure his grip on Tony’s hand was now so tight it was painful.
“Some of us are doomed to repeat history,” he said stiffly. “If you didn’t know what you signed up for, you shouldn’t have married me.”
With no bridge construction underway, Steve and a handful of others swum to meet it at the opposite bank, tied two tree trunk logs to its wheels and floated it across the river, where the horses sprung up the steep rise from the water in long leaps, breeching and straps clinking and groaning. Steve, wet from his head to his toes, took only time to pour the freezing water off his boots, before breaking into a jog after the stage, which was heading to the Mail Office.
Something sparked in Natasha’s eyes. “Bruce?”
“It’s not too late to turn back,” he told Scott.
as Happy opened the door of the stagecoach and the witness stepped out, with hunched shoulders, wizened, skin so pale it blended into his white, wispy hair. Clint let out a throaty, muffled sound of shock: nothing this old had entered the town in living memory; Sam’s hands spasmed as though he was readying himself to catch the man should he keel over any second, and Bucky whistled under his breath, “Can his words be trusted?”
“Do you know how the Battle of Volohai was won?” he asked.
