"Yes." You say, and now you stop playing, your eyes focusing directly on me. "You're alive, but in a coma, of sorts. Your heart stopped."
He made a choking sound in his throat, his hand intertwining with Sherlock's icy one.
It seemed like no time at all had passed when the doorbell rang, and as expected, Rosie gave a shriek from the nursery. But John'd wait to settle her back down until he let Sherlock in, so he rose from his seat and crossed the room to the door.
John was in the flat, walking down the hallway to Sherlock's room, calling out the detective's name. But as he pushed the door to Sherlock's bedroom open, the sight that greeted him nearly caused him to faint in shock. Sherlock, suspended from the ceiling by his own scarf, his body lifelessly twisting back and forth in the scarf's hold. Oh,
The sight before him took his breath away entirely, grocery bags dropping to the floor with a loud clatter. The flat was clean, thanks to Mrs. Hudson, but that wasn't the thing that had captured his attention. There was a tall figure at the window, a violin cradled in his arms, bow moving rhythmically and smoothly across the string. The figure wore a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and a blue house robe, and his hair was dark and curly.
Sherlock looked exhausted, not having even stripped himself of his outerwear, although he did pour himself some tea. He cradled the mug in his hands, but did not drink.
about you being not-dead? How many other people knew, Sherlock?" John demanded. "And don't lie to me, I'll know."
don't. What I want to know is . . . how could you do that to me? You flung yourself off St. Bart's, I
"You're going to make it through this, John, I know you will." you say, your voice firm, confident. "You aren't going to die. Not today."
Peace, at last.
When John awoke the next morning, Sherlock was not there.
John slapped Sherlock in the face,
"I'm glad you're alright, John." You mumble into my ear.
underneath your breath, but I'm not quite sure whether I hallucinated that, so I brush it off. So, we're here in silence, only filled by the sounds of our breathing. Exactly where we started, except now I'm on the ground, and you've stopped moving. I focus on the heat of your hand, warm on the sleeve of my jumper and the skin underneath. It feels nice. You've been resting your hand on me a lot lately, and I never noticed that until now.
This was definitely the worst idea John'd had in a long while. Already the conversation was plummeting slowly downhill, and he'd only gotten as far as a small greeting.
A wordless gesture was made toward the grave before John finally walked away, dragging a hand over his face. It was time to move on. It was time to face reality.
watch you die."
feel." Mrs. Hudson sympathetically patted his arm. "All the marks on my table; and the noise – firing guns at half past one in the morning!"
but let me tell you this: you were the best man, and the most human . . . human being that I've ever known and no-one will ever convince me that you told me a lie, and so . . . There."
Nothing, absolutely
Sherlock felt surprisingly solid, more solid than a pure apparition should be. John's eyes scanned over Sherlock's figure once more, who looked like he wanted to step closer, but also didn't want to get poked and prodded again. If this wasn't just a figment of John's imagination, that meant . . .
John's fingers trembled around the sides of his mobile phone, squeezing the plastic so hard that his knuckles were quickly turning white. "No,
, Sherlock, you reek!"
"It's okay, John. There's nothing unusual in that. That's the way he made
The funeral was quiet, just himself and Mrs. Hudson. John found it hard to breathe as they stepped in front of the headstone, taking a shaking breath to prevent himself from breaking down. He had to stay strong.
The man seemed startled by the loud noise of the grocery bags hitting the floor, the violin abruptly stopping as he turned around. John's heart immediately sped up as a smile slowly stretched across those familiar cupid bow lips, excitement lighting up those familiar blue-grey eyes. Those cheekbones, those thin fingers, John knew them all too well. Everything about this man, as he strode across the sitting room toward John, seemed so surreal.
Sherlock had said, but it was hard to do that as he watched his flatmate, his best friend, spread his arms wide and plunge forward off the roof of St. Bart's. John almost didn't believe his eyes for a moment, staggering forward in an almost drunken state, mouth open in shock. He didn't see the cyclist coming from behind him, and as a result, he went down hard when the impact came. His body hit the pavement with a resounding
The first thing that threw John off was the door to the flat being open. He usually shut it before he left for work, and it was always that way when he got home. Maybe Mrs. Hudson was getting a late start with the usual dusting she did, although that seemed unlikely. Had someone broken in? Well, John certainly wasn't afraid to defend himself. But then, as his hearing adjusted to the quietness of the building, that was when he heard
"Am I . . . am I dead, somehow?" John weakly asked, struggling to sit up.
and Sherlock fell backward out of a sort of shock, his eyes going wide as his hand raised to touch the quickly reddening spot. John was on his feet now, hands firmly clenched at his sides as his chest heaved with heavy breathing.
I feel so tired, and my eyes are closing. You're yelling, now, your voice in a twist. You're shaking me, but I ignore it. I'm exhausted, I want to sleep. You don't understand. Everything is slowing around me, and I can hear other panicked voices. But yours is the one who stands out most, barking orders at everyone there in the ambulance.
So many other people did, too, because we thought we'd lost you forever. And now here you are, right back in my life like you never even left it. How exactly did you think our reunion was going to go, Sherlock? Did you honestly believe I was just going to pretend it was alright, like I didn't drown myself in sorrow? You're a right
Sherlock gave a curt nod, so John turned and walked into the entryway, hearing the door shut behind him a few minutes later, and the sound of Sherlock's footsteps. John set the bags down in the sitting room before heading down the hall and into the nursery, picking Rosie up from her cot and cradling her close, bouncing her slightly to calm her cries. Once he'd given her the pacifier she'd managed to drop and paced around the room with her for a few minutes, she had calmed right back down, and John tucked her back in before going to see how Sherlock was holding up.
You're hovering over me within seconds, looking a bit unsure about what to say. And what do you say? I was shot, nearly died, and my heart stopped briefly on the operating table. But I'm fine, and I decide to tell you this.
You blink quickly, then fumble for the buttons to raise the bed so I'm in a sitting position. We stare at each other for a moment before I reach out and pull you into a tight embrace, which should be awkward considering that I'm sitting on a hospital bed and you're standing, but it isn't. You stoop slightly to get comfortable, but you don't mind.
Life goes on. Or rather, it's supposed to. But things in John's life never really went the way that they were supposed to, and he'd learned to live with it. The Final Problem had come to pass, they were picking up the pieces of the aftermath, and Baker Street was due to begin its rebuild within the week. Things were good, or were supposed to be. Life was meant to move on, but yet.
"You've been unconscious for four days." You inform me, not even pausing in your playing as you speak. You do not look at me. "Today would be the fifth."
"I know." I turn my head toward yours, and I can feel your breath on my cheek. "I know you would."
his head turning so quickly to his right that he twisted his neck, wincing as he rubbed at the sore spot. Perhaps he was still dreaming, as Sherlock was sitting in his armchair, still dressed in his house robe and pajama pants, his brow furrowed in concern.
The water is up to the side of the bed, pulsing over the mattress, soaking our clothing. It's almost up to our mouths, and we still don't move.
John's fingers curled around the edge of his mobile, glancing around at the interior of his home. It was just him and Rosie, against the world, tucked away in the suburbs that John wished he could escape. But, he felt as if there was an empty, gaping hole. He needed company. He
"Goodnight, Sherlock." John replied, before rolling onto his side so he could get more comfortable, falling into a deep sleep a few minutes later.
"Oh, god. Oh,
how you know I do all that, even though you've been away for the duration of them happening, but alright. Let me just lug it out of the closet." John swung his legs over the side of the bed and shuffled over to his closet, opening it and taking out the box that contained the blow-up mattress. He plugged the pump into the wall and began to inflate it, unplugging it once he was done.
John allowed himself a smile before gesturing toward the hallway. "Come on, then, I'll show you your room, shall I?"
"Fine.
John wouldn't care. Sherlock had still hurt him, he'd still driven him so far off the edge for a few months that he did nothing but stay in the flat and drink himself to sleep. Sherlock
The steady beeping of the machines I'm hooked up to helps to keep me grounded, and I finally look around the small room that I'm in. There's large windows over to my left. And to my right . . .
"Shut up, Sherlock, alright? Just . . . shut up." he said, clenching his teeth together for a moment. "I don't care about how you did it, alright? I don't, I
"Yes, John, you certainly are a doctor." you reply, resting your hand on my arm.
The sound of my voice is immediately cut off by the sound of a gunshot, and I slow, eyes wide. Is it you? Are you hurt? But I don't see you up ahead, you probably disappeared around the corner. Where did the gunshot come from? Where did the bullet go? My chest is heaving with the extra efforts to breathe, so I rest my hand there in an attempt to soothe. My fingers come away sticky, the acrid stench of blood reaching my nostrils.
"Oh, thank you, Doctor Watson." Mrs. Tawney said with a smile, gesturing to her daughter, young Annie, to come over to her side from the examination table. "Thank goodness, it's been going around at her school, but I just wanted to make sure."
"John?" he asked, his voice quiet yet curious. "I heard you screaming from downstairs, were you having night terrors?"
I am awake, and I know this. My eyes are open, and I'm staring at the white ceiling of a hospital room. White ceiling, white walls, the smell of chemicals assaulting my nostrils. Everything comes back to me in a sudden rush, and with a soaring feeling in my chest, I finally comprehend the fact that I'm
"Mm, yeah." John nodded, his eyes shutting as she continued on.
John fiddled with the telly until he found one of the crap shows he enjoyed, just to calm his nerves. In reality, he shouldn't be nervous, considering he and Sherlock had lived together for years. But yet (another of those pesky things), this felt like a first meeting all over again. This time, they were both hurting, trying to heal from experiences that were still incredibly raw.
slowing down.
I grieved. I
John hadn't realized how choked up he was actually getting, now on the brink of tears by the time he'd finished speaking. Whatever shoddy excuse Sherlock was going to come up with, whether it be that
He'd gone to bed at around eleven, exhausted both physically and emotionally from that day's events. Sherlock had paid mild attention to the late night shows on the telly, though he'd mostly been involved in scrolling through the news on his laptop, trying to catch up on everything and check to see if anything new had happened. They'd ended up getting takeaway for dinner, with John going out to fetch it, and spent the night in companionable silence. Just like old times.
"Me too." I reply, before my nose crinkles. "Good
Sherlock looked weary, a few bags settled on the porch around him, but not much else. He wore his usual coat and scarf, his curls in disarray and somewhat flattened on one side, like he'd been laying on them.
"I think I'll sleep in here. You've experienced these night terrors before, and you tend to not go back to sleep afterwards, instead going out to the kitchen and drinking a few cups of coffee before staying up until your shift at the clinic starts." Sherlock said, matter-of-factly. "And considering you need to be well-rested in order to treat patients, it might be better if you have someone else's presence with you."
"No! No, there's nothing wrong, Sherlock." John quickly interrupted, taking a seat on the sofa, running his tongue over the back of his teeth. "Sorry, erm- I just . . . I was wondering how you were doing. I mean, we haven't really- Christ, forget it, this was a stupid idea."
You know I've already dialed, you're speaking very harshly to the person on the other side of the line. I catch snippets of words like
John must have been hallucinating, and then he'd fainted. But how on earth had he gotten to the sofa? He didn't think Mrs. Hudson was strong enough to carry him.
In the days after Sherlock's death, John had convinced himself fully that Sherlock would come strolling into 221B, alive, and it would be like nothing had happened at all. But as the weeks had dragged on, his hopes had been drowned in sorrow, and he'd given up on the chance of ever seeing Sherlock again. But yet, it seemed that miracles really could happen.
I turn my head away to look back up at the ceiling, slightly embarrassed at watching you sleep. Who
"John." Your voice is hoarse from sleep, but the sound of my name from it sends my heart fluttering, and my cheeks flush as I hear the heart monitor give a '
happened.
The room is white, with nothing else in it except the chair and me. Well, there's you, of course, standing there with your eyes shut as you play a sorrowful tune on your violin. I love your violin playing. It's always so mesmerizing.
you--- Sherlock," John repeats and holds him tight. "Let
"What are you going to do to me once we get home?" Sherlock wants to know, blinking at him in mock innocence.
have to if he wants to keep him. John doesn’t realise it, but his body keeps getting more and more demanding, and one day his head and his heart will no longer be able to overrule the need burning inside of him. Loving the freak will not be enough anymore. And then he’ll go and look for it somewhere else. And that will kill Sherlock. So what choice does he have? He closes his eyes and rubs up and down in what he hopes is the right way, and John groans softly and hides his face by pushing it against Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock puts his free arm around him and strokes his hair. “Sherlock,” John breathes. “Ah…
John almost screams when he goes faster still, trapping his erection between their hot, sweat-slick bodies, and Sherlock lets out a low, drawn-out moan and puts his hand over his mouth.
I rub my hand across my face, feeling my composure crumble.
She looks down at the table, mute for a moment. Then she raises her head and nods.
Pressure. Warmth. John's fingerprints burning themselves into his flesh through expensive silk.
“Are you in pain?” I ask, pressing my forehead against the back of his head and holding myself still, barely inside. “I can stop. We don't have to---”
sad. But it's alright."
“Honey-coloured. Hmm… Your
Sherlock swallows.
"You forgot to mention the smell of damp and decay," Sherlock adds not at all helpfully. "The villagers say it's haunted."
He breaks off, because right then the look in John's eyes changes, becomes un-deducible all of a sudden, and his brain stutters to an abrupt halt.
John hisses.
Instead, he says: "I know. You're the brain. Let me be the guts."
Sherlock can't breathe. John is pushing too hard. He writhes to free himself, but his dressing gown has bunched up beneath him, trapping his arms, and the waistband of his trousers is cutting into his thighs. He's still very aware of his own nakedness, although his shame is slowly going fuzzy around the edges.
“Just bring him home. I--- I can’t. I’ve got enough. I--- I think I’ve reached my limit. I’m
I press another tender kiss against his head and run my fingernails along his scalp, remembering how I loved being stroked like that when I was a child.
He enjoys it immensely when John takes control - letting go and giving him the lead is an almost cathartic experience, because it's so different from what they usually do, from everyday life and work. Sherlock needs it, needs to shut off his brain and surrender from time to time, and John knows that and is willing to cater to that need.
He’s the only one who’s allowed to, and he always will be.
“Oh, I
Sherlock's eyes, his gorgeous stormy-sky eyes, soften somehow at that, and John drowns in their gaze. He knows that the moment they separate, they'll lose this, whatever this is. He's dreamt of touching Sherlock, of holding him, but reality is very different. It's raw and a bit painful and so unpredictable, and John wants to cross the line and find out what it means tonight.
sorry I’m not with you…”
Sherlock runs the tip of his middle finger against John's perineum, back and forth, a feather-light touch that he knows he himself likes a lot, and goose-bumps spread all over John's arms. It's a mesmerising sight, and Sherlock takes him in and does it again.
Sherlock will; she's sure of that. He'll notice that Rosemary Brown vanished in the same week she did, and maybe, maybe they'll find her too, wherever she may be.
“Hm.” Sherlock takes the letter, but barely acknowledges it as he sets Rosie back down. “Coat off, Watson. I’ve made us some tea.”
"I'm looking forward to our date too."
He dreamed that Sherlock came back from the dead (
Mycroft is an idiot, I told Sherlock. He’s brilliant, but he’s also a huge, huge idiot. An idiot who’s “sorry”. Sherlock just pursed his lips and nodded without a reply, his eyes dark and inscrutable, and when I looked at his calm, pensive face, it suddenly hit me. There never was a betrayal, was there? Sherlock confirmed this inkling. He and Mycroft have been working on dismantling Moriarty’s network for weeks, having started long before he decided to destroy Sherlock in front of the whole country. Why didn’t Mycroft tell me so himself? “He chided me for involving you. He probably wanted nothing to do with it. I don’t know, John. Sometimes he enjoys being enigmatic – maybe it’s just that.”
"Lean back, John."
, that's it…" he suddenly hears as if from far away and discovers that he's still on his feet, still propping himself up, white-knuckled, against the sink, and that he's still coming all over his own legs and the bathroom floor. "Yes," John pants. "I love you… I---
"My hands missed touching you this time…" Sherlock whispers and does it again, memorising the feeling, before letting go and putting his arms around the shorter man to pull him close. John puts his cheek against his chest. "I love you too, John," Sherlock mumbles into his hair. "This was so beautiful."
“That can be arranged,” he rumbles, and when our eyes meet for the briefest of moments, I can see it confirmed that he is indeed taking up my offer and letting go, at least for tonight.
," he sobs, and I hear him as if from far away. "Ah!"
Mycroft purses his lips, and his gaze hardens.
"What happened to
back as well? For the love of God – I can't let that happen.
Oh God. Oh God.
“Sher--- lock---
Time stops for a moment.
Sherlock blushed. John found him incredibly handsome with that translucent pink hue creeping along his cheekbones and up to his temples, even more handsome than usual, which said a lot, because they'd been only together for a few months then and in that early phase, almost everything Sherlock did was endearing and fascinating and beautiful to John. Rosie frowned at her father, apparently upset with him for being so dense.
things to himself, especially when they involve bodily functions or, well, him relieving himself of baser urges of a certain kind) and tells him to wake up/put something on/get his gun/not forget to flush and join him on a chase through the maze of this wonderful city that, like Sherlock, never sleeps.
“Dull. The husband did it. Even Anderson could tell you that. You don’t need me for this, and my time’s too precious to be wasted. Sorry!”
In a flash-forward vision that pops up in the back of his head, John sees himself and Sherlock and the life they'll reclaim for themselves. They'll start right here, with this lopsided kiss.
“I’ll be there when you come back,” I tell him and put my hands around his face. “There’s only you, Sherlock.”
He looks at me with a mixture of concern and amusement and takes a step towards me.
, and when the other man opens his mouth to let him in and their tongues touch for the very first time, he thinks that maybe the why and what and how can wait.
He doesn't know how long he's sitting there by Sherlock's side. Someone pulls him to his feet after an indeterminate amount of pain has passed, and then there's Lestrade, and Molly, and even Mycroft.
His fingers are so soft as he brushes his knuckles against my shaft with not nearly enough pressure or precision - if a touch this light can make me feel faint like this, what is going to happen when---
Not again.
“Well,” I mutter and shrug. "You'll be happy to find that I'm not scared of getting burned."
Sherlock is very, very pale, and thinner than John remembers him. His hair is the same, though, and his suit, and his scarf, and his coat.
“You’re already half-asleep, Bumblebee,” he replies lowly. “Let’s skip this one, okay?”
Standing side by side by the window, we watch him being taken away into the night in his big black car and then look at each other. It's a bit awkward. I know him so well, so intimately, and yet it almost feels like we’re strangers right now.
John doesn't know. He doesn't know
The Valium is kicking in.
There's moonlight shining through the open window and John can make out billowing curtains – maybe a cat got in, or some bird, he thinks. Maybe it's nothing.
," John repeats.
He swallows, looking thoroughly out of his depth for a moment, then composes himself and shrugs.
Sherlock looks at John. His best friend. His new lover. The one he'd die for. The first and only one who holds the power to make him, Sherlock, truly happy – and the only one who could destroy him with a mere look or harsh word.
"Thank you." John turns his head away again and takes a sip. "That's good," he then adds quietly. "Really--- thank you, Sherlock."
"John," he says stupidly. "
"I'm---
A shudder runs through his body, and my composure wavers. My poor, poor Sherlock. This is different from being a soldier and killing on the battlefield. I can barely imagine what it must be like for him.
Sherlock licks his lips, providing John with yet another distraction.
There's only one thing that could make this any better.
Coming up in chapter 5:
Can you hear me?”
It has been a long, long time since I last touched another man this way, and for a moment I wonder whether he has ever done it before, and if so, with whom. A hot surge of jealousy washes over me at the thought of another one having him like this, and I grip him more tightly and dive into his warmth with vigour bordering on violence, kissing and licking and even biting at his entrance until he whimpers in pleasure and lets go of me with one hand to cover his mouth with it instead.
He sounds confident, and I cling to his words and try to believe them. Mycroft will do what he does, and everything will be alright. Soon.
It's not like he's inexperienced in that area. Not at all.
When he turns around again and comes back inside, Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and pretends to doze, bracing himself for the rejection he's sure will follow. How did he ever think they'd be okay like this?
Sherlock's heart is beating an erratic rhythm against his ribs, vividly remembering the pain, the horror of seeing John hating him so much, the constant, all-consuming fear.
else will be good enough.
Sherlock swallows. He's known this moment would come, thought it would come much earlier, in fact, and yet he feels not remotely ready for the goodbyes they need to say in a few minutes' time.
Silence, only broken by the sound of breathing.
“Fair enough,” John says as he runs his thumb along the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. “We don’t need to…I just. I just want you to be happy. That’s all. And if I can help you be happy in any way—“
It’s meant to be a warning, but he’s too late, and Sherlock doesn’t show the slightest inclination to pull away, so he supposes it’s okay.
No matter what tomorrow will bring.
of them deserved better.) Those days, the days (and nights) of numbing himself with alcohol and frantic, anonymous sex, are over. They have been over for half a year now, and he doesn't want them back.
"God, you're beautiful," John whispers. "Show me where you need it."
"Kitchen," he answers, and then he opens his lids again and looks at John, right into his heart, with icy-blue eyes that have become much too large for his face. "Thank you, John," he croaks.
He leans down and puts his mouth right over John’s crotch, exhaling hot air over the bulge straining against his lips, and then he moans as well, and the sound vibrates all around John’s cock and makes him so hard that he’s afraid of embarrassing himself by coming right into his pants.
Sherlock nods again, letting his lip go and opening his mouth to suck in a long, shaky breath.
long… Oh
cope. How is he supposed to ever have closure when he doesn't even understand
I raise my head to look into his eyes.
Sherlock tastes salt on his lips. He reaches out with his free hand as if he could take hold of John's that way, and John mirrors the movement, his fingers grasping at thin air.
He is mute for a while, then his ribcage vibrates with silent laughter.
He walks into the small, dingy bathroom and puts the phone on the shelf over the sink before closing the door and locking it. He never goes anywhere without this phone. Everybody who tried to take it from him would have to pry it from his cold, dead hands. It's his only way to contact Mycroft to call for help if things really get bad. It's his only connection to everyone back home. To John.
And now he's gone and abandoned John, and John is so taken aback by this behaviour that he can't even be angry at him. He only feels
did."
Sherlock does – he's so
Everything went as planned.
"Fine. Are you satisfied now?” I ask. “Now that you've seen her and humiliated me in front of her?"
Chiding himself for lamenting the lack of sweet-scented shower products while on a mission to dismantle the largest and most dangerous criminal network in the world, he rinses and then switches off the shower.
As he kisses him on the forehead, Sherlock exhales heavily, humming with contentment as he fits his body to John’s in a warm embrace. John presses a trail of kisses down his nose, from one cheek to another before brushing his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock responds the moment their lips touch, moaning and surging forward to kiss him passionately. The kiss is deep and wanting and candid—but it’s not one of heated sexual desire. No, not this one—this kiss says nothing other than “I love you, too.” In it, Sherlock is offering all of the love and trust he has; and it’s the most precious gift John has ever received.
“Is this alright?” he murmurs against Sherlock’s lips and opens his eyes again.
There’s no patience whatsoever involved in what we’re doing now. We’re mindlessly rutting against each other, like animals, going harder and faster the longer it lasts, but it’s alright. We both need it like this right now.
Sherlock sobs out a low moan and grabs John's calves, maybe to ground himself, and bucks up and into the touch.
“Okay," I finally say.
Time stretches into infinity as he falls and
"Don’t---
“Idiot,” John retorts absent-mindedly—perhaps his favourite nickname of all. He tries to gather his wits and open the much too intricate fastenings of Sherlock’s trousers, which apparently have to be secured from unwanted plundering by a button, a little hook,
is lost.
“You don’t have to---” he mumbles, sounding shy, but John puts his fingers into his hair again and runs his nails along his scalp.
," she adds and walks over to Sherlock. "You're a
He doesn’t want to wait to find out.
I roll over and put my arms around him. Careful not to touch his back, I push my duvet, which I fetched from my bedroom after he’d fallen asleep, off his upper body to cool him down a bit.
John needed him.
John, who is wearing only a dressing gown, open at the front, and nothing underneath except his perfect, golden skin. John, who is putting items on his bedside table – a bottle of lubricant, a packet of condoms, and a baby monitor.
Sherlock hums and nuzzles John's leg.
I don’t react.
I have never seen him this flustered before. If it was not such a serious matter, it would all be quite amusing.
He says he doesn’t know. He begs me to be patient, to trust him.
"Stop deducing my jokes," he answers and puts his index finger on my lips.
John isn’t sure what kind of reaction he’s expected, but this isn’t it. A
"I think you've been taken in by the misconception that, if you tried to find yourself a partner, you'd not be able to get any person you want. Any person at all."
“Please!”
,” he then adds.
," John forces out through clenched teeth. "I want to--- have you right here…"
Both Sherlock and John laugh at how serious she is; how young and yet so knowledgeable in reading body language. And John always finds it amusing when she gives Sherlock a taste of his own medicine.
his burning skin, and Sherlock listens to his own heartbeat hammering behind his ribs and to John's soft, urgent sounds of pleasure, and then John suddenly rubs his cheek against his, his afternoon stubble scraping Sherlock's own, and looks at him, nose to nose, his face so close that it's swimming in front of Sherlock's eyes. He's still moving his hips, his hands clenching and unclenching around Sherlock's shoulders, his panting moans hot and sweet against Sherlock's tongue.
John finds it difficult to collect his wits – what's going on now?
Peter glares at him, defiance in his eyes.
He loves him so much.
They won't let
“Perfect…” I sigh.
"Is it--- monosyllabic sentences already?" John jokes breathlessly and reaches out to grab the small bottle of almond oil from where it's sitting on the edge of the bath before turning them both around again so that Sherlock can return to his place in front of the mirror. "You… might want to hold on to something again, love," he then says and slowly breaks the kiss, and it sounds so sultry that Sherlock's cock gives a small twitch.
"Thank you," John murmurs. "You were--- about to go out. I didn't mean to---"
had a relationship before – how come I’m better at this than you?” He reaches up with both hands to ruffle his own hair. He looks so frustrated. “This version of you – it’s not the John Watson I fell in love with.”
I’m reduced to a very basic form of speech by now. Although I wish we could do this forever, the rational part of me knows that if I don’t stop now, the whole thing will be over much too soon. I want to come down his throat, want it so much, but I also want to draw it out. We’ve waited too long for this – a quick, over-enthusiastic orgasm will not do that justice.
Sherlock, still looking marvellously debauched, smiles tiredly.
"Then why do you ask?"
He bucks wildly, gasping for air.
. That's the most romantic thing you've ever said to me."
John blushes.
“I hope the walls of that cottage are soundproof.”
a surprise, you’ll work it out.”
"Sherlock," John breathes and pushes forwards and
him, and then Sherlock finally puts his arms around him in return and holds him tight, his open coat enveloping John like a blanket, taking away his sight. But he doesn't need to see right now. He closes his eyes and lets Sherlock's warmth seep into him from everywhere at once, listening to his quick, shallow breathing.
“Daddy!” she exclaims, bouncing with excitement. “You and Papa are coming to school with me next week!”
I try not to think about the fact that our moments together might be limited, at least for the foreseeable future. We need to seize the day, so to speak, and make it good. Something to remember.
,” I sigh. “Yes, yes,
“I’m--- You should have told me. I’m your best friend.”
Then he snuffles and falls asleep.
Sherlock has closed his eyes again. His voice sounds resigned and impassive, but John isn't offended. He knows that Sherlock is aware of the sad fact that John is only doing what's right – he's not going to shoot the messenger.
He couldn't bear it if it ever happened again. He'd have to kill himself if it did. It would be better for everyb---
Sherlock, sober again in an instant, slows down, then stops moving altogether, and kisses the sweaty skin between John's shoulder blades.
Sherlock hums and buries his fingers in the hair at the back of John's head, pulling him even more deeply into the kiss.
John looks down at himself as if only just noticing that he’s wearing something at all.
I gape at him.
Wilkes has just left the flat.
John's fingers are in the hair at the back of his head now, and he's pulling until it hurts.
I can hear the smile in his tone when he answers.
"We'll try that next time," he murmurs. "And those two blokes you spoke of earlier really
, maybe you were running from someone or--- or cold, or hungry, or being beaten up at
," Sherlock breathes. "Oh, oh,
For half-hearted conversations and awkward hugs in front of the fireplace? For tea and cake and long-overdue birthday deductions?
"How long will it take you to solve the case?" he asks.
“You sound proud.”
This earns him a cocky snort.
Sherlock hopes.
He shrugs.
in my ears, my head, my heart.
I grin.
“I’m incredibly proud of you,” John says to Sherlock after a few moments. “For facing your fears. And I know she is, too.”
Today is not an exception from the rule, and since both he and John have some time on their hands, the four of them sit down around the kitchen table, Rosie on Mrs Hudson's lap, and have a cup of Earl Grey and some homemade ginger nuts.
"I'll call again if I can, John.”
"Stop… " John eventually sighs and saves him from losing himself in his fantasies. "I'll finish if--- if you don't stop…"
“I miss you so much.”
"He had written the note," I answer absent-mindedly. "It wasn't suicide."
Nothing happens.
A few more random, shuddering thrusts.
“Sherlock--- oh God, oh
anyone else.
“No,” he admits.
To think that only yesterday, he dared to hope that there could be more...
Sherlock's graceful, slender fingers look obscenely erotic when he wraps them around himself and pulls a few times, then cups his bollocks to roll them in his palm. John watches with one eye, fighting to keep it open and not give in to the urge to just give himself over to pleasure and let go. He wants to see it all, this first time, and remember it for the rest of his life.
"John?"
Did it help?
- but I'll never forgive myself. I
confused. But--- I've been falling for you for the last year and a half, Sherlock. Maybe it started even earlier. I---
John starts to cry.
that he is.
This one is definitely the latter.
"What about me?" she asks, her voice shaking. "What about your grandchildren?"
He does remember the very,
He nods.
"Give me the oil," he hears John say and does so without thinking, and only when a slick, probing finger slips past his outer rim and replaces John's tongue does he snap back to reality.
“Come,” I tell him and pull him up and along with me as I walk backwards towards the bed. “I would kneel on the floor if I could, but my leg won’t allow it, I’m afraid… This will have to do.”
He chuckles lowly and finally frees my hands from the stubborn garment so that I can put my palms on his body again. His muscles are moving under the fabric of his shirt, and I feel him thrumming with life, with energy. His face pressed against my neck, he grazes the soft spot beneath my ear with his teeth and simultaneously shrugs off his jacket with a smooth, careless motion.
Normally he finds Sherlock's indifference when it comes to what other people call general knowledge and he views as useless information cluttering his hard drive endearing, charming even. But not today.
“I need to--- lie down,” he says, sounding delightfully short of breath. “You indeed seem to have managed to kiss ‘that cocky demeanour’ off--- well, not exactly my
“Yes,” he rasps. “It’s good. Very---
"I love you, John. I want you. I thought that much was obvious," he tells him. "It's
that they have or where it might lead.
), and then he slowly pulls away and gets out of bed. John sniffs loudly and stirs, but doesn't wake up.
I straighten up and lie down halfway on top of him, keeping my bad leg out of the way, and then I pull my fingers out of him and replace them with the head of my cock as quickly as possible to make the transition as easy and smooth as I can.
, he muses lazily before he drifts off again.
He passes out.
“No need to discuss it if you don’t want to,” he says.
"Hm?"
Slowly, so very slowly, I continue my approach. I can smell him now, his skin, his breath, smoke and tea and petrichor, and I want all that on my tongue, my lips, more than I have ever wanted anything before. I want to feel the shape of that gorgeous Cupid’s bow, want to trace it,
"Are you ready…?" he asks, just to make sure.
"I’m flexible," he whispers with a loving half-smile. "And I want this day to be something you’ll never forget." And then, turning serious again, he says: "I love you, Sherlock. But I know it’s not enough to just say it. I’ll
“Sounds amazing, Bumblebee,” he answers. “Why don’t we run home and tell Papa all about it?”
"Sorry… I didn't mean to wake you," Sherlock whispers, his voice carrying an undertone that John can't identify. "Sorry, John. Go back to sleep."
wanker that ever walked the earth. “On reflection, it probably wasn’t a very good choice of gift.” But I still kept it. Because I love you, you idiot.
“I can. Thank you. Is he alright?”
again, which stresses Sherlock out. He doesn’t even know why he always instigates it – it’s not like you can simply stop being asexual just because you’ve found the love of your life. He loves John – more than anything. But he doesn’t want to have sex. He
I growl and put one of my hands on his head and grab the base of my cock with the other.
John has to swallow. He doesn't ask
When he slips his hand between us and cups my hardness with his long, nimble fingers to fondle it in his large palm, I growl, and it is half encouragement, half warning. I could finish like this, right here, like an adolescent boy - never before have I been more aroused, more ready.
“John. I know he does everything to keep people in the dark about his motives, but please believe me when I tell you that Mycroft is not your – or my – enemy. Quite the opposite. And I need a bit of help.”
He trails off, amazed by his own boldness – behold Captain John "Not Gay" Watson, begging to be shagged hard. But who cares. He keeps one hand in Sherlock's hair and puts the other on his hip to encourage his movements, digging his fingers into his flesh.
He did this. He put this look on Sherlock’s face.
“I think I deserve a reward far better than ice cream, don’t you?” Sherlock whispers.
He's convinced that they
"Boys, I’ve been meaning to say… If you ever need some time on your own, you know, to get some work done or go out to--- well, whatever it is that you do when you go out, I’d be more than happy to help out again. Rosie and I had such a great time yesterday. Didn’t we, Rosie?"
appear frosted, John – although you might want to look at them again when I'm in my sixties. My family's medical history shows a predisposition towards cataracts."
He keeps kneading John's cheeks and starts to thrust again, with both hands at the same time, and although his thumbs are too short to reach the really good spots, it's
"Why would you
“And they say romance is dead,” John jokes softly and sits up.
He hesitates.
. My John. I've never been this close to another person before.
John pushes in deep, then pulls back, only to come back again right away, in,
Walking through the rain, blindly, not feeling the cold, only one thing on his mind.
– the poor man needs his reputation polished a bit!"
“No,” I say, although it does hurt, in a somehow pleasant sort of way. “Go slow.”
"I love you so much, John…"
to shut up now… Come here…"
I fold my arms in front of my chest, planting my feet on the carpet. Oh
“No, Sherlock,” I sigh and brush his hair off his forehead. “No. There’s no need. I’ll see you soon. Okay?”
“Yes,” he sighs and feels himself drown in the other man’s intense stare. “More…”
“Oh John – I’m sure that wasn’t easy for you. Seeing your Sherlock like that.”
old, you know."
, Sherlock," I spit, hating myself, determined to keep looking at his face even though the shock, the incomprehension now visible in his expression is the most terrible thing I've ever seen. "A woman I know from work asked me out and I said yes, because I was angry at you for almost not telling me about your plan, and because I was lonely, and--- and who
His voice trembles, and John can hear his heart stutter. And suddenly he knows what to say, and what they need to get out of all of this alive. It’s so simple, really. It’s the only thing on his mind right now that might be enough to make it all right again.
He can’t look at those eyes any longer; it’s much too intense, so he looks down and at Sherlock’s hands instead, which are now making their way up his legs ever so slowly, his thumbs pressing small circles into his flesh and teasing him until John can’t control himself anymore and allows his hips to jerk up and forwards into the touch.
"God--- you feel
knock over the wine glasses, which are still sitting on the floor, barely touched.
) then spits, his voice filled with self-loathing, and there's a rustling sound in the background that John has heard before.
His lips slide over Sherlock’s jaw, his ear, down to his throat, and it’s messy and wet and wonderful. Sherlock tastes like honey and orange blossoms, and John remembers what their bathroom used to smell like whenever Sherlock had had a shower,
John knows it might be unwise, but the opportunity is too good and the probability that Wilkes is looking down on them from up there in his fancy office is too high. He puts his hand on the small of Sherlock's back and steers him towards the cab, ignoring the look of confusion being directed at him in response.
, John," he whimpers, his voice rough from crying. "I--- I don't
“Yes?” John rumbles and kisses the back of his neck.
Sherlock shivers as his eyelids slide shut.
Sherlock still doesn't turn his head.
… Don’t--- let go," he pants.
Sherlock inclines his head.
Sherlock obeys. Anything,
Sherlock's lids flutter, his lashes throwing long shadows onto his marble cheeks.
“Kiss me,” he repeats, and finally Sherlock complies.
"What about him?"
Wow. So he’s discovered that he loves his little brother after all. And I feel like I’ve been caught red-handed, even though nothing happened. (Did you
John comes.
John lightly pulls at the strands of hair he's holding, and Sherlock must be seeing something in
"Well, then I reckon you don't find
Sherlock looks up then, his eyes glassy, his cheeks flushed.
“Would you like to have a drink sometime?”
"Get comfortable, darling," he says and clambers between Sherlock's legs, staying under the duvet to keep him warm. "I love you," he adds and places a sloppy kiss on the bit of skin peeking out below the hem of his pyjama top.
I gape at him. This outburst is something I didn’t expect. Not from Sherlock. He’s always so collected, so aloof. But he isn’t finished.
I pull out of his grasp and square my shoulders.
. He can feel John's hardness pulse inside of him, so deep now, and clenches down on him as tightly as he can manage. John gasps. "Fuck me now," he tells him again. "Come on.
“John…” he eventually says and settles more heavily against my body. “I'm... so
In the quiet semi-darkness of his old bedroom, John looks inside himself and stares in awe at what he can't describe with words that will do it justice.
Sherlock can't help himself. He laughs.
"Sorry," he says. "It's okay, Sherlock. It's okay. Oh
“Why did you come to the clinic today, Sherlock?” I ask him.
remember, and he's sworn to himself he'll never forget.
“Not right now, no. I’m sorry. The doctors have put him on painkillers. He is, to use his own words, completely “shitfaced” at the moment. He loves it, as you can imagine. He’s not fit to talk.”
“Will I ever hold you again?” he says into my hair, his arms wrapped around me in a tight, tight embrace. “Tell me I will, John. Tell me.”
John suppresses a grin.
"I was lonely, too, you know. I missed you so much it hurt sometimes. It hurt more than any kind of physical torture ever could. And I only ever had your safety in mind -
"Ready, Sherlock…" John pants after several minutes have gone by like that, sounding out of his mind with lust, and when Sherlock doesn't comply right away: "Ready! God!
"He's not gay!" Sherlock interrupts him.
,” Sherlock says pointedly, his tongue clicking on the t-sound. “Now,” he continues, much more softly. “I need to talk to John. I’ll drop by later.”
to lounge in his own sitting room and have tea,” I answer. “I wasn’t expecting to be ravished… I apologise for delaying the proceedings.”
"It looks just the same from the outside. There's our living-room window."
Sherlock’s lids are fluttering, his long lashes throwing unsteady shadows onto his cheeks.
I’m confused.
What’s worse?
“How can
Okay. I can work with that.
They've never made reservations here before, so John gets why the old chef assumes that something extraordinary is being celebrated, but on Monday, when he called and arranged for "their" table to be set and waiting for them at eight o'clock tonight, he didn't expect Angelo to recreate their first dinner in minute detail. He wonders if Sherlock likes it like this, or if it makes him sad.
“All I want is to carry a piece of your burden.”
They don’t talk for the rest of the flight.
“Someone’s
still find you attractive, John," Sherlock then says, and it sounds guilty. "I'm sorry. I didn't think."
John’s heart is hammering against his ribs as if it wants to burst out of his chest. Struggling to fill his lungs with oxygen, he stops thrusting, but stays buried inside Sherlock’s body, not ready to let go yet. Sherlock slings one long leg around his thighs and keeps him there, obviously approving of the idea of staying entwined a bit longer.
Oh--- God,
They kiss, and kiss.
I huff indignantly, secretly moved by the gesture.
Sherlock finally looks back at him and nods slowly.
"Hey," he says and puts his palm on Sherlock's shoulder. "Are you okay?"
"Ah," I pant. "
"John. I wronged you so many times. I got you into trouble. I betrayed you, insulted you,
"What about the one on deep-sea creatures? The creepy one?"
Without constantly worrying about who he'll piss off next, or where he'll run to launch himself head-first into a near-fatal encounter with the next criminal mastermind. Without feeling like a fifth wheel all the time, trailing after Sherlock and his blown-up ego, only there to please, to admire, to praise the genius of the great detective.
John gets out of bed and then turns to look down on him. He seems much younger than he is now, his cheeks ruddy, his hair a mess, his naked body shivering in the cool air of the room.
John looks at him at last, his eyes wild, and lifts one hand as if to cut him off.
I've never had phone sex before, and I have to get used to the more explicit parts, but I love the way he's coaxing it out of me.
"Well, you picked two bloody idiots, then," he tells him with a smirk.
Forgive me.
Sherlock shakes his head and grins affectionately.
I clench my jaw. Donovan is lucky – she’s not going to be the one who’ll feel my anger today. Oh, no. I take a step towards the man, staring at his face, blood roaring in my ears. He looks slightly taken aback now.
"Please---
Sherlock grins to himself at his alarmed tone.
strangely romantic," John says out of the corner of his mouth and looks up at Sherlock, sending him a crooked smile. "You found her. You're brilliant."
My name becomes a mantra he repeats over and over again as we continue to kiss, he on his back and I on my knees, and then he wraps his arms around me and pulls at me until I’m beside him on the floor, breaking our connection in the process. We part with a tiny wet sound, breathing heavily against each other's lips.
I tug at the smooth strands winding around my fingers, pulling him off me, and he follows, his lips making a small kissing sound as they part with me.
Mrs Hudson furrows her brow, which makes her look more intimidating than you would ever expect from a petite elderly woman like her.
"What, me doing detective work?"
He raises his head and kisses my collarbone before melting against me again, and I hold on to his upper arm and run my other hand through his hair, caressing his scalp. He hums tiredly.
Tears are pressing against the back of his throat, and he covers his face with his hands to hide himself. He's so ashamed. It's true – he doesn't deserve this friendship. He doesn't deserve this kind of love. Now he's on the verge of crying because of it, and he doesn't deserve that, either. It's
“I’m doing this for Sherlock. But you’re welcome,” he replies.
," Sherlock suddenly finishes John's sentence, whispering, and looks back up and into his eyes.
“Yes,” he whispers.
to be asked about it all?
And he and Sherlock, they'll be gone.
"Wh---" he starts, but of course he doesn't get the chance to finish his question.
“I know, love… I need you too…”
"One of these days, I'll manage to switch off your brain," he mutters and takes up position to Sherlock's left, taking hold of the frame as well.
"Why didn't we think to use the bed right away?" Sherlock asks as he lies down beside John, a little out of breath from hauling the heavy bedding down the stairs and through the entrance hall.
, and feels a little sorry for giving them such a scare.
I laugh and run my hand through his hair, my thumb rubbing the back of his neck.
They stumble into the room and somehow Sherlock has the presence of mind to lock both the bedroom and the bathroom door to keep out any surprise visitors. And then, they’re kissing again, deeply and urgently, and Sherlock removes his hand from John’s crotch to cup the side of his face and to trace his cheekbone with his thumb. John can smell himself on Sherlock’s skin, shuddering at the shockwave of arousal hitting him squarely in the guts in response to it.
"Thank you."
He stops talking, not sure if it's right to burden his daughter with his fears on top of everything else. She puts her fingers over his, and his hand begins to tremble even more severely.
Sherlock nods. John looks at his lips, then back into his eyes. There's something running wild inside his stomach, making him ache with pleasant need all over, making him helplessly gravitate towards Sherlock, closer, ever
I’ll hold you forever.
They have a bath together, and Sherlock washes John and then tells him to kneel in front of him. He takes him into his mouth and
His hands were shaking.
"You just told me you wouldn't," Sherlock says simply.
Sherlock is surprised at this, because if anything, he expected John to address that topic
Sherlock’s almond eyes widen at that – not much, but it’s there. His lips open in a soundless expression of surprise.
“No, no, no. Only lies have detail.”
me--- with your fingers," I whisper, feeling myself blush at my own words.
"I--- How can you not be angry?
The moment it's out, John draws up his shoulders as if he wanted to duck, then presses his lips together and looks away.
They're naked and sticky and cold and he's still wearing the condom, which feels bizarre and out of place in this terrible, confusing situation that he never saw coming, genius that he is, but he can't let go of John now. Something is poisoning him from the inside, and Sherlock wants to make it right.
“Is there anything I can do to help? Have you had supper?”
. That's
“What the fuck does that mean?” I hiss, trying to keep my own volume low.
feel good about myself too, you know?"
sorry, I can see and hear it, but he misunderstands me.
Sherlock gasps and starts to shake beneath him.
"Yes," Sherlock gasps and moans against his chin. "
, and presses his face against my chest.
He presses his lips together.
John chose this of all moments to utter his request. What happened to the urgent, downright frantic desire that brought them here? What happened to John Watson, the seducer?
“I want to,” he says again. “Please let me.”
He doesn’t wait to see if Sherlock does close his eyes, but puts his left hand around the base of his cock, which feels like iron wrapped in silk and is burning his skin with its heat, and presses his right middle and index finger against his perineum a little harder now, moving them in tiny, rhythmic circles. Sherlock’s breathing becomes louder, more erratic, but he doesn’t make another sound. John bends down then and takes him into his mouth, only the tip at first, while simultaneously trailing his fingers further down until they rub against the soft, puckered opening hidden between Sherlock’s buttocks.
“Hmm,” he hums and gives me one last, slow lick before letting me slip out of his mouth.
He moves his finger in and out with small, careful movements, and John's legs begin to shake.
He starts to massage my scalp with his fingertips, his blunt nails giving me the most glorious sensations, and I shiver from head to toe and finally still and slump into the gap between his legs, my nose so close to his now softened manhood that I can smell his release and his sweat and my saliva mingle on his skin, which, come to think of it, should really not be as pleasant as it is.
want to be with you. You raising a child is really not the worst case I can come up with. And I don’t
“Slowly,” John mutters. He wants to savour this. “Let me. Okay?”
A shiver runs down my spine.
He's smiling.
"I'm sorry," he answers breathlessly. "So sorry. Forgive me."
One drink becomes two drinks, then three. We talk about Sherlock - something I haven’t done in ages, at least not like this. For obvious reasons I can’t talk to Molly about him and me, and Mycroft… well. It goes without saying.
"We can't, John."
John sniffs. How he loves him. More than he could ever say.
Sherlock nods even though Mycroft can't see it.
Adrenaline is spreading through my system, making me giddy.
It takes Sherlock forever to answer.
But he can't seem to find relief. He wants to just pass out so badly, yearns for the silence and blessed hollowness of sleep, but he's aware that it won't come to him unless he helps the process along.
John shivers and leans against his thigh, and Sherlock rubs his upper back in what he hopes is a calming fashion, all the while trying not to think back to the last time they were touching like this, or almost like this, because he knows it would evoke feelings of being misunderstood and abandoned that he can't deal with right now. Or ever.
He loves to worship a partner with words, and Sherlock, who even manages to awaken that urge in him when he's fully dressed and bending over a bloody corpse, has done so ever since that very first day, is worship-worthy in more ways than anyone he's ever met before. And he apparently needs the confirmation and encouragement, so they complement each other perfectly.
John’s heart feels as if it wanted to jump out of his chest. He takes a deep breath to ground himself and then tries to focus on what he’s about to do to Sherlock, his lover and his best friend in the whole world, and apparently also the love of his life, because the way he’s feeling right now doesn’t leave room for any other explanation.
"Yeah," he spurs me on. "Oh
"Faster," he breathes. "I--- need---"
Sometimes he wonders if he should preserve all the faces, all the stories, instead of deleting them from his mind. He's never wanted to become a cold-blooded killer. And it still affects him, so what he's been dreading hasn't happened… yet.
“It was amazing sex. It is... whatever you want it to be,” he answers.
"Oh, God,
This is strangely romantic, Sherlock thinks, but then John slides two fingers into him, going deep right away, and his brain flickers off completely.
John smiles.
Despite the slowing down of their love-making (
I lie awake for hours and gaze at the ceiling while I play with his hair. I hope the touch will reach him, deep down in the realms of dreams, and prevent him from slipping back into the nightmare to get a good night’s rest instead.
He should be looking forward to that.
, but he doesn't have time to ponder over that for long.
days. No case to distract him, not even one of Lestrade's ridiculously simple ones. Not even a
Sherlock stops thinking then.
They're crouching on the dusty floor in front of their old flat, wrapped in Sherlock's coat, kissing as if there was no tomorrow.
, apparently. He's so stupid. Such a fool.
“Oh.” He lets go of my arse to grip the sheet again and pull at it in abandon. “Oh, John,
Then he begins to move.
"Oh my
Sherlock gapes at him, looking taken aback rather than offended, and John takes a deep breath to gather his composure. He knows he has to tread carefully to avoid this evening going downhill from here, but he's also determined to make Sherlock understand what he means to communicate.
“I should have been a better man, Holmes. I did wrong by you by assuming you were not capable of---”
At hearing him say his name, his tone so very obviously tinged with love and longing, John's heart takes a leap.
“Goodbye, John,” he says as gently as he can.
He groans and laughs simultaneously, still shaking with the aftershocks of his climax, sounding happy and carefree for once, and I hold my finger inside him until he stops moving, revelling in the waves of release thrumming through my own body.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighs. “Mmhhh,
“Have you--- have you known other men before?” he then asks and puts his forehead against mine.
“John, you’re a doctor – tell my brother that I can go home.”
They stay like that for a minute or two, looking at each other, but John knows they'll have to separate soon – it’ll be more comfortable to do so while he’s still at least half-hard, and his arms are beginning to cramp from carrying his weight for such a long time.
"Sherlock, stop it. I see what you mean, I really do, but you don’t have to worry. We--- You know we’ll make it work. I know it's completely irrational and we can't predict what the future might hold, but… You feel it, too, don’t you? I know I do. And… this is not about Rosie sharing me with you. Look at her. Does she look upset by you being here?"
," he begs breathlessly.
"So beautiful," John rumbles.
He breaks off. Inside his chest, his guilty conscience (
His leg muscles tensing up, John holds on to Sherlock’s hand, which has slid up to his chest, and allows his head to fall against the backrest of his chair. He tightens his grip on the other man’s hair, pushing and pulling faster,
once in a while!”
Never.
There are promises in his eyes that Sherlock doesn't know how to translate. He's got an inkling, though. He thinks back to what happened yesterday, to John sliding into him, so deep, taking his breath away and giving him pleasure he's never known before, and tries to wrap his head around the idea that their roles could be reversed tonight, that it could be
to do it yet?
“It’s going to be alright, Lily,” he tells her, not believing a single word coming out of his own mouth. “They’ll get it under control.”
…" I sigh and just hold him tight, and he rocks us back and forth with short, shuddering thrusts, groaning softly, lost in his release.
"You're obsessed with the beard," he states and gets into bed with me again.
“I missed your taste,” he sighs and sucks my bottom lip into his mouth. “Mmhhh… I missed breathing your air…”
And it's one year ago all over again.
John scoffs, but there's no mirth in it.
He turns his hand and crooks his fingers, which causes Sherlock to shudder and whine lowly, his leg shaking against John's chest and shoulder so violently that he has to hold onto it to steady Sherlock and himself, and then he finds the spot he's looking for and rubs his fingertips against it in one slow circle, then two, and that's when Sherlock's eyes slide shut and he bares his throat and groans and moves his hips into the sensation, looking for more of it. It's an involuntary, primal reaction, and John watches in amazement and does it again.
, and we’ll always be.”
“Yes,” he sighs. “Hungry for
Sherlock's fingers tighten their grip on him, strong and warm and oddly comforting despite the surreality of the situation.
“You're beautiful,” he tells me, upon which I feel myself blush furiously.
“Sherlock. I lo---.”
him, never to part again. I’ve never felt like this before.
I've never heard his voice sound like this before. It's a little rough, and very low, and it's reaching places inside of me that I didn't even know existed.
“Yes… so good… I’ve lubricated my fingers, John… I’ll push in now… okay…?”
“Daddy!” she squeals, running over and throwing herself into his arms. “Where’s Hudders?”
She smiles, and it looks kind and slightly mischievous, and very sweet. It makes me feel all warm inside. Careful now.
Poor Sherlock. I know what happens to his brain when there's too much input of the kind he finds difficult to process - human interaction exhausts him.
“If you want to speak in riddles – I don’t have the time for that, Sherlock,” I snap.
words for what I want to say."
He presses his lips together, not looking at Sherlock, but into his mug, a strange, tense smile playing around his mouth.
"Yes," he groans. "
"Did you love my mother?" she eventually asks.
Sherlock sighs.
“What?” he asks. “What is it?”
“Bedroom,” Holmes mumbles and nips at my bottom lip. “
much like his brother, and I tell him so.
He needs it to stop. The restlessness. The visions of his past, his sister, Victor, and the memories of Mary, and blood, and the morgue, and the pain. The emptiness inside his skull that makes the idle whirring of the unoccupied gears of his mind seem all the louder. The heartache.
He reaches down and strokes his hand up Sherlock's chest, along the line of his neck, and then up to his cheek. His fingers catch at his skin, painting it with their searing touch, and then John runs his thumb along his mouth, in a very obvious imitation of what Irene Adler's riding crop did to him while he was lying half-conscious on the floor in front of her.
He can't concentrate.
They don't kiss.
taste wonderful) and also tested it in various other places (he tastes just as good everywhere else), and Sherlock has returned the favour, surprising John by making use of the "Anything goes" rule right away ("
is perfect.”
He growls again. I think I'm going to come if he does it only one more time.
, John, if we just. Leave.
He contemplates calling Lestrade, just to have
They’re just teenagers, he thinks.
and about his beautiful
“I’ve never wanted to kiss someone as badly as I want to kiss you right now,” he whispers, ending in a low growl when Sherlock wraps his arms around him in return and pushes their bodies against each other in the process.
"He... did,” he answers slowly. “Or at least he saw to it that
"I know."
… and keep---
When he pulls out, Sherlock appeals to his protesting limbs to cooperate and straightens up, his joints cracking.
- the things you are afraid of… I know they won't repeat themselves. I don't know anything about relationships or how they work, but I know that despite
They took their time preparing him, so he's already become familiar with the pulsing, burning sensation that’s by now spreading from his entrance into every fibre of his being, but when Sherlock begins to rock his hips, he's overwhelmed by what it does to him. It's not more than very careful, very shallow thrusting, but it's already so different from feeling his fingers move and probe; it's much more intense, and John slings his legs around Sherlock's hips to ground himself. He needs as much body contact as possible right now.
looks, and John's cock gives a small twitch.
He opens his mouth to say something, but I pull him towards me and press a long, hard kiss on his lips to shut him up. He huffs into my mouth, but kisses back, and I run my fingers through his hair and pull his head back with gentle force to make him bare his neck. I kiss down the long line of his throat, feeling his pulse flutter against my tongue.
“Good. I have to go now, John. I’ll give your message to Sherlock. He’ll be in touch shortly.”
Sherlock is amazed.
He misses him more than he can say, more than he could ever admit to Mary, to Sherlock, to himself.
A few minutes pass.
He's been wondering about that for a while, but he never expected he'd ever pluck up the courage to ask.
him like that, and tries to breathe evenly.
intense vibrations down John’s shaft, and John moans and bucks against his face in reflex.
, John… It's disgusting."
He’s off to a great start, apparently.
“I’m not a--- delicate---
me,” John says and finally lets go of Lily, who straightens up and loosens a crick in her neck, looking at him incredulously.
me?" he asks stupidly. "How---
Finally, he turns his head and meets my eyes again.
Sherlock smiles a little.
romantic."
, deeper still, and out again, and again, and
He pulls out of Sherlock and rolls him onto his back, and Sherlock slings his legs around his body and reaches down to help him find a good angle to enter him. It’s much easier than John thought. Sherlock’s body welcomes him into tight, wet heat, engulfing his cock in the most delicious way, and he moans and kisses him again, their hearts beating against each other through flesh and bone.
John gives them a head start and then walks over to where Sherlock and Henrietta are still standing between two of the hives, engrossed in conversation.
"A storm's coming," Sherlock breathes against his neck.
I sigh.
"…mad at me – I understand… (
“Show me,” he answers, even though he’s afraid of what he’s going to see. “Please.”
," he spurs him on and speeds up his pace. "Come, John.
,” I moan. “Baby,
I do. His scent assaults my nostrils, my chest, my mind. My head starts to swim.
Holmes’ eyes settle on my face for the fraction of a second, then slip away again.
, except when it comes to him.
Sherlock sighs.
the sound if he dared. Breathless. Confused.
"Well, sorry," he apologises. "I know you meant it as a compliment. But… who would ever want to be with me like that, John? People
) Sherlock is mute, simply looking at John, allowing him to take him in, and John deliberately stares at his crotch, at his pink, semi-hard cock that’s resting on his thigh, and at the nest of ebony curls surrounding it. Sherlock's stomach begins to rise and fall slightly faster at that, and John licks his lips and meets his eyes again.
"Promise me we
“I love eating your… cooking,” he says lowly. “It’s
It wasn't even
“Are you mocking me?” Sherlock cuts him off. “Because it’s really starting to feel like that.”
“They’re dead,” is all Sherlock says, his voice shaky. “Please just kiss me again, John.”
John inhales a shaky breath.
Sherlock’s chest is smooth and warm against his, and his back is muscular, but the skin there is littered with ridges and bumps, and John’s kiss stutters to a halt as he lets his palms roam over this part of his friend’s body.
He finds an unlocked door and a dark staircase, and then he's on the roof, right on the edge where
"Sorry," he said again when he woke up, and then: "I'm tired."
Mary keeps the envelope with their song with their other wedding gifts and cards, and somehow John hasn't been able to bring himself to look at the sheets filled with beautiful notes, written down in Sherlock's graceful handwriting, ever since the night they were performed for the first and only time.
Sherlock stares at him with an expression of utter incomprehension.
at yourself?" he asks, suppressing the urge to add a few choice expletives for good measure.
uses this shower gel, and John mocks him for spending so much money on it, so he doesn't really need to point it out, and
come in!"
“Hey, Sherlock, you okay?”
them - because if he didn’t, I will.”
for him."
, I mean – was a very long time ago. But it was only sex, and not… making love. I've never had a lover before."
John closes his eyes and bites his lip, his brow knitting in what looks like concentration. He's gone very quiet by now.
“You speak French,” I state, still panting slightly.
Sherlock shakes his head, his eyes meeting John's in the mirror. Inside of him, everything is
like this, all pale skin and sharp angles, and he’s inviting him in without hesitation.
He's surprised at himself and his energy – if they had more time, he really
“But it was a fascinating case, John.”
He's standing in front of the hooks on the wall that hold his coat and scarf, looking at the two items of clothing he's just taken off. He feels stupid and lost. He's out of his depths. He can't bring himself to turn around.
I can’t believe it’s him.
“I’m more than fine with that,” John says with a grin, allowing his hands to fold and fall into the space between the two of them.
The minutes pass us by soundlessly. I stare into the semi-darkness, his scent and mine mingling all around us, like a disembodied, amorphous negative of the emotions that were felt inside this room tonight – passion, ecstasy, happiness. Fear. Hope.
to him, and it's all
John moves his hands over Sherlock’s cotton shirt, glides them up his shoulders and neck. He strokes the side of Sherlock’s cheek, runs his thumb over his sharp cheekbone, and keeps it there. “It’s alright, love,” he says to him.
"Listen, Sherlock. Did I find your looks attractive when we first met? Of course I did! You were the most beautiful thing I had seen in a long time, maybe ever. But I fell in love with your mind, your brilliant brain, your layers and layers of confusing personality, with all your quirks and faults, and with your
me now…
you. In more than one way. I knew what I was doing. And you just kept coming back for more. I promise I'll never do something like that again, I
thing, and John is willing to give it to Sherlock whenever he asks for it. He told him so, and he meant it.
He ignores the mocking voice in his head and puts his arm around John, whose cheek is pressed against his chest now.
he can do. It all comes crashing down on him - the injustice of it all, and his sorrow, and his stupid, hopeless love.
His stomach tingling with affection, John leans his head into Sherlock's touch and enjoys the heat of his skin seeping into his own.
"What happened, Sherlock?" I ask, my voice quavering. "Please tell me. I--- I've been wondering ever since Mycroft told me he was going to Serbia to get you."
“John…” Sherlock whispers and puts his hand right between John’s buttocks, nudging his opening with his slick fingertip. “Do you like this…?”
It's so beautiful.
“I am very aware of that. But I cannot resist the temptation to touch you. Prepare yourself, because I will take absolutely
to. Soon."
He gets up shakily. His side hurts as if something heavy had collided with it, but he doesn't recall the incident.
. Is this what his life is supposed to be?
"They--- they hurt the man I love! What the
and grins up at him.
“Maybe.”
"Sherlock," he sighs. "
“It’s going to be alright,” I murmur into his ear and kiss it softly. “It’s okay. Just let go. I’m here. You’re safe now. You’re home, Sherlock. You’ll never have to be alone again.”
"I want to go to the graveyard… and then home. I'd rather have tea at home."
. The rational part of him is aware of the fact that he shouldn't care, that this is more important than anything has ever been before. But no matter how he longs to shake them off, his fear and self-loathing are still very much there.
"No, no.
“I’m sucking hard now, John, my tongue---
Sherlock gasps for air and then goes completely still.
“Apparently. And there I was, hoping for a different sort of bedtime entertainment, now that we’re already skyping. But if you’re tired…”
you."
Even now, after all those years, he sometimes still can’t believe it’s real: how much he loves Sherlock, and how much Sherlock loves him back.
becomes an embarrassment?”
"Thank you," he whispers against Sherlock's lips. "For forgiving me. For saving me. For wanting me despite all my flaws. I--- I really don't deserve it."
It doesn’t take them long to open every offending button and zipper keeping them from feeling each other skin on skin, but when it comes to stepping out of their respective bottoms, John’s shoes are in the way. They giggle and finally break the kiss, and then John has to bend over in his pants to untie his shoelaces, which, to his dismay, doesn’t look graceful at all because he gets himself tangled up in the legs of his jeans while trying to remove them along with his shoes and socks, but when he comes back up, slightly red-faced, he finds Sherlock staring at him with so much plain
. Your beauty is not all superficial. I know you don't see yourself the way I do, but I really wish you would. You're my beautiful man, and you'll always be."
John, serious again, reaches across the table and for Sherlock's hand, which is resting next to his wine glass. Entwining their fingers, he says: "I'm so glad you're feeling like this tonight, my love."
He nods.
He turns onto his good side and his lids flutter shut without him telling them to. His body is tired, even though his mind is reeling.
“Yes,” is all I manage to say in response. “
they?" he barks, unable to keep his voice down, and Sherlock flinches, and John disgusts himself, but he can't stop. "Tell me the truth, Sherlock.
John's right hand flies up to his mouth and his eyes fill with tears. Sherlock is torn between the yearning to go to him and take him into his arms and the strong desire to run from him and never look back.
Rosie lifts an eyebrow, tilting her head to one side as she regards him warily.
When I come back to reality, I'm always a little sad that I'll never have the real thing, a little disappointed in myself because I still haven't managed to get over it, and a little embarrassed.
He tries to smile and caresses Sherlock's pale face and kisses him on the mouth, and then he asks: "How bad?"
“Sherlock… it will get better. I know it will. It’s all still so fresh now, and you’re weak… but I know you’ll get through it.
He breaks off again, apparently struggling to find the right words, but then something inside of him seems to break open and he takes a deep breath.
John Watson. With my body.
Thirty minutes later, John has verified his theory (Sherlock's cock
He sucks at my tongue and groans around it, and I squeeze his buttocks in my hands and press down between them with two fingers, teasing him through his clothes.
"I know," he whispers.
I've just had sex with my best friend, and I seem to be quite madly in love with him. He's being arrested for something he didn't do. Our flat is swarming with an army of annoying officers and detectives right now, and I've just hit their boss. In the face. A madman is going to kill me if my friend, who's now my
The last sentence causes me physical pain, so much so that I can’t help but flinch. This is what I’ve wanted all along – or rather what I
“Your jaw and fists are clenched. Your face is slightly pale, and when I came into the room, you were tapping your left foot repeatedly against the floor. Why are you nervous?”
“Yes,” I whisper soothingly. “I’ll stay. You can fall asleep now, love… I’ll watch over you. I’ll hold you all through the night.”
“Yes, I did. I’m so sorry, Mrs Hudson.”
His hunger has disappeared, being replaced by nausea and a hollow throbbing somewhere deep inside his body.
"He always used up all the milk, but he'd never go to the shop to stock up, and now I always have milk, but I hate it, you know? I sometimes get teary-eyed looking at the fucking
“I can’t get enough of you,” John mumbles softly against his lips.
"We haven’t got a lot of time. They’ll be coming to arrest me." He’s still panting with the effort of our last kiss, and I’m surprised that a sound as ordinary as breathing is turning me on so much. “We’ve got an hour, maybe two.”
. He has to settle for a handjob instead, but this time he can watch Sherlock's face when he reaches his peak, and it's out-of-this-world gorgeous.
It feels better than anything has ever felt before, which John knows should worry him for so many reasons, but it doesn’t – he’s just
“Hold on, love,” John tries to protest when one of Sherlock’s hands starts to fumble with the button and zipper of his trousers. “Let’s take this sl—
My stomach clenches – I’m completely useless. I should have convinced Mycroft to let me come with him.
When she finally meets his eyes, the look in them is raw and pained and hits him like a punch in the gut.
I’m rooted to the spot, not even able to open the door for them.
When we first got together like this, this
Sherlock’s heart starts to pound, but he tries his best to ignore it.
John blinks and holds up his hands to shield himself from the blinding beam of light, and Sherlock laughs and obeys, aiming at his own face from below instead.
“Yes,” I answer without teasing him about his straightforward question. “I do. In the bedside drawer. My medical kit.”
“I love you, Sherlock,” he whispers. “I meant it when I said I forgave you, back in that train car. I know why you had to leave. I should have believed in you all along. I was just so--- so sad. Heartbroken. It nearly killed me to live without you. I--- I think I’ve loved you the whole time. So… it’s okay that you felt weak and succumbed to it. I did, too. I found Mary. She was supposed to make
tired body, because Sherlock keeps insisting he's wide awake and ready to explore – they've got one working phone left, after all) they discover that before the house was abandoned, someone put sheets all over the living-room furniture, which means that the huge sofa is almost entirely dust-free. The sofa it is, then. There are pillows and a large duvet in the master bedroom, and after John checking that they're more or less clean ("
"It took me even longer," he sighs. "I'm sorry."
It doesn't work.
He listens to himself and feels like a robot, like a machine that’s been taught how to speak and act like a human being. It hurts, but he’s also numb all over now. Dead inside.
“Where are you?”
The cool water running over his body shocks him at first, but after a minute he gets used to it, and he closes his eyes and puts his head under the spray, feeling grime and sweat and blood being cleaned off his skin. It's a divine feeling, although the gash in his arm hurts as the water hits it and washes clots of old blood and specks of dirt away.
When he’s gone, I slide the DVD from the box into my laptop’s CD drive and click play. I’m not prepared for the onslaught of emotions when his face, his lanky body, his nervous gestures appear on the screen. I take a deep breath and lean back in my chair.
, could ever make me feel this way. Being the one person in the world who’s allowed to see him like this is exhilarating and frightening all at once.
"Look away for a moment, Watson," he mutters, and then their lips meet in a brief, tender kiss.
"…supposed to say?"
…” he drawls before he can stop himself. “I want to fuck you and come inside your arse.”
. Maybe it's the lack of nutrition. Would you like to lie down for a bit?"
His hands buried in Sherlock's hair again (he
"Yes!" he moans. "
Sherlock exhales a breathy laugh. “I’m afraid
John is speaking fast, his eyes jumping back and forth between his own hands and Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock can tell how difficult it is for him, too.
Sherlock pulls away and brushes a hand against the side of Rosie’s face. “That’s ridiculous,” she says as she frowns thoughtfully up at him. “What have you got to be frightened of, Papa? You’re Sherlock Holmes, the bravest person in the world. Even Daddy says so.”
My voice is vibrating with the impact of his movements, and I dig my fingers into his buttocks, feeling them clench and unclench in my grasp. He's so, so good.
“Fine. Hurts a bit, but I’ve had worse,” I reply. “But I’m disappointed. I was so looking forward to the Turkish bath - I will not be able to go again before it’s healed. The risk of infection is too severe.”
, by the way?” I ask him teasingly. “That’s not something you usually say…”
…” – “Don’t worry, it’ll be okay.” – “Dear God,
We have a cup of tea together and chat about work, his wife, the weather, but he leaves soon afterwards. He doesn’t know how to behave around me, and I can relate. What do you say to a man supposedly mourning his best friend, his partner, the love of his life?
At the far end of the room, partly shrouded in shadows, there's a life-sized painting showing a blonde woman wearing a long, black dress. Her eyes are so blue that not even the moonlight can wash them out, and they stir up a confused memory in John, and although he can't get a clear image of what exactly it is that they remind him of, he knows it's something unpleasant. John thinks it's weird that the thing has been put up so close to the floor; he would expect a painting of this size to be displayed above a fireplace or in a large stairwell – somewhere where it can tower over people and impress them with its grandeur.
either.
"He's watching us from the corner. I think he assumes we're oblivious to that," Sherlock tells him, his fingers closing around his upper arm.
His mind spinning, he settles back against his pillow, determined to at least
“You’re not here for the small talk,” Sherlock replies. “Something’s happened. Why not get to the point right away?”
yourself? Do you not know how incredibly gorgeous you are? People do notice.”
His friend's sweet, soothing voice. It's encompassing him in its richness, its warmth, and John raises his head again and looks into his face.
“No,” he interrupts me again. “It’s noble of you to ask, but I’ll have help. There’s no need to worry. I’ll let you know when we’ll arrive back in London as soon as I can.”
"What?" he asks absent-mindedly.
“Goodbye, John.”
His eyes are twinkling, the lines around them crinkling mischievously.
She pats my arm.
"Sshhh… I'll take care of you…"
… Don't stop…"
His smile is tired, but warm.
. John…"
“John.”
Wednesday.
"Sorry?"
), and then his finger goes away and returns again immediately, slicker, to go back inside, deeper this time. Much deeper.
He sleeps all through the night.
the first time, and not doing it sooner was probably reckless and irresponsible, but John freely admits that it never occurred to him to ask his friend if there was any reason for concern – not while seeing him lying there, his hand moving under the covers, John's name a soft sigh on his lips, and definitely not once they’d started. John had long stopped thinking then. Bless Mycroft – he forced his brother to go through a complete check-up when he discovered that Sherlock had started to use again, and he came out clean for everything. He says he hasn’t taken anything for a while now, and John wants to believe him. The scars on the insides of his arms are fading, and soon they’ll be gone completely. John has resolved to try his best to help him keep it that way, because it would kill him to lose him, and because he knows that he, John, is the reason why Sherlock turned back to the drugs to help him cope in the first place.
. Sherlock’s slack body is offering little to no resistance now, but his inner walls are still undulating around him, rippling with the aftershocks running through his system, and he’s almost there now, almost, yes, God, Sherlock, Sherlock—
"I was just trying to convince myself that you're really here," Sherlock replies softly, and a slight hue of embarrassed redness appears high up on his cheekbones.
John takes another deep breath and fills his lungs to the brim with Sherlock Sherlock
“Yes.”
I cannot say it.
happy that he's alive.
Your beauty makes me want to cry, and I do.
It's Mrs Hudson.
horny despite the spectacular orgasm I’ve just experienced.
"You--- it's… good," he answers and wants the floor to swallow him whole, but John grins.
… Don’t---
He's been staring. He's
at all – even if he won't be able to really participate, at least not apart from giving Sherlock pleasure.
He trails off and moans pitifully. Sherlock wants to help him, but he doesn't understand what's going on, and then John suddenly sobs, loudly, sounding so desperate that Sherlock is scared Mrs Hudson will hear and come upstairs and find them here, like this, but he can't do anything but hold him, cradle his head against his chest, and let him cry.
"You're shivering. Are you cold? We should go somewhere warm to rest a bit, hm? What about a cup of tea?"
Nothing has ever felt this good.
His brain refrains from giving a snide comment when he goes to the bedroom and lies down on top of the rumpled sheets, curling himself around the negative space where John’s body used to be.
He rocks his hips in shallow, barely noticeable thrusts, sliding inside further and further, and as soon as he's all the way inside, it becomes much easier. I pull him down for a kiss, already addicted to his taste, and he puts his whole being into it, his lips and tongue distracting me from the slight discomfort of accommodating to being joined with him for the first time.
“Come,” I groan. “
Everything inside of me turns cold at that. I purse my lips, trying my hardest not to let it show.
He stares and listens to him pleasuring himself and thrusts until his abdominal muscles start to spasm, and then he
Why does he have to make it so hard for him?
He swallows thickly, the sound of it clearly audible in the otherwise silent room. His lips open as if he wanted to speak, but no words come out.
How can he be so guileless? So
“Need a break?” he asks.
He runs his hands down my back and draws in a short, sharp breath, and I can tell that he's felt it, so I dive in for a deep, passionate kiss before he can ask.
Sherlock.
Two years of grieving, of hurting, of abandoning all hope of ever being happy again – all for
Sherlock!
"Tell me," she whispers.
I take a moment to revel in the feeling of our erections being pressed against each other and the soft, damp plumpness of his bollocks pushing against mine, the contact even more electric than I imagined it earlier. His hand is back between my cheeks in no time at all, but now there are two fingers nudging at my opening, and I put my head on his upper arm and hide my face in the crook of his neck when he slowly pushes in and stretches me open with small, careful thrusts. He’s breathing against my ear, murmuring sweet nothings to get me to relax.
This is a public beach. People might see!”
“You don’t always have to take the lead, John; that’s not what I want. I want you to be yourself, and comfortable, and I want us to be equal – in our everyday lives, in our work, in bed---”
Ever so gently, he puts his palms against the door and inhales its scent. It's mostly dust and wood, but there's also a hint of the man this room belongs to underneath it all.
He has to end this conversation here and now.
“It’s been a long day—I suppose I could use a shower. But thanks for pointing it out,” he mutters, slightly taken aback, upon which Sherlock hums lazily and nuzzles his cheek.
“I do! I hold it against myself!”
friend (?), doesn't pretend to kill himself beforehand.
This can't be happening, John reaching out and pulling down his zipper, fumbling with the hook and button next, then slipping two fingers into his boxers to pull him out.
, and
Oh, fuck this. Fuck
John feels it happen inside of himself, all of it – Sherlock's cock throbbing and becoming impossibly harder as he reaches his peak, his hot come spurting out of him and into his body, the shocks of ecstasy that shake him to the core.
John puts gentle pressure on his jaw and makes him face him again.
It lasts forever, and I give myself over to it willingly. I never want to return to real, solid ground again, but just stay caught up in blind ecstasy, here, with him, like this. For the first time in my life, I understand why people call it the “small death”.
"Grrrmmmm," John rumbles, and the sound throbs through Sherlock as if it was a corporeal thing, just as present as his tongue, his cock, oh
the one who fucked up, Sherlock. Not you. I could have stopped it all, on several occasions. But I didn't. I was scared, and confused, and behaving like a bloody idiot. I've wasted so much time. I broke so many things between us. Even when we'd made up, I treated you so--- I did it all wrong, Sherlock. You needed support, and warmth, and all I gave you was fear."
"What do you want me to say, John? That it's alright? That we'll figure it out? I'm fucking pregnant with your child!"
He remembers abandoning Sherlock after finding out about his relapse, after attacking him yet
John shakes his head, wordlessly, and leans in for a soft, tender kiss. When they slowly pull apart again, Sherlock nods.
John hates thunderstorms.
It’s Molly. Or mostly Molly’s head, peeking through the half-open door, blushing furiously. I clear my throat. Sherlock smiles warmly, which, despite everything that happened between us today, is still a weird thing to behold.
“I was shunned,” Sherlock states, his voice wavering. “When I was in primary school myself, I was called names because I enjoyed talking about and studying dead things. And truthfully, adults are generally no different. So what if—” Sherlock breaks off with a sigh, sounding almost angry at himself, his words approaching frantic. “What if my showing up to talk about those things only fosters a similar reaction among Rosie’s peers? What if they treat her differently...because of me? What if one of Rosie’s
"Sherlock," John groans and licks a long stripe up the cleft of his arse, pressing his tongue against his perineum to rub and nudge and tease, and it's not nearly hard enough, not even
"You're
“You’re beautiful, too,” Sherlock murmurs. “All of you.”
his own arm then, his teeth pulling at his own skin in mindless abandon, and my world narrows down to this – the two of us, joined so deeply, the feeling that’s spreading from my cock into the rest of my body, stronger than anything I’ve ever felt before, and the knowledge that this beautiful, wanton creature now writhing in pleasure in front of me is mine, all mine, forever. I can’t breathe. I love him so much.
"Sherlock. I was alive because of you."
He stops himself before he can finish the thought.
I thank him nevertheless, for everything, and he smiles then, briefly and out of Sherlock's field of vision.
"Do you help them when they eat it all up too fast?"
Sherlock smiles and takes another sip of whisky. John watches his lips touch the rim of the glass and imagines them sliding against his own mouth, so plush and silky and maybe slightly cool, that perfect Cupid’s bow slipping between his lips in a slow, sensuous kiss.
Sherlock pulls him down into a slow, languid kiss that makes John’s heart beat even faster than before.
“Thank you.”
"It'll be alright."
Our erections bump against each other, and we're both leaking already, and it's so, so good. So incredibly, mind-numbingly good. He bites my nipple, and a flash of heat shoots down my back and right between my legs. I'm shaking all over.
He shudders and comes, moaning loudly, his whole body convulsing in his chair, his back arching and his mouth gasping for air, and Sherlock sucks and swallows and mirrors his moans with glorious, wanton groans of his own, and even while still floating in the middle of his orgasm the sounds alone make John want to do it all over again.
“I like your moustache,” he murmurs, using his fingertips to trace its shape. “It feels… interesting when we kiss. I’m curious to see if it will feel as good everywhere else.”
John laughs quietly, rustling the dark hair on Sherlock’s head before kissing it once more. “Rosie will be so happy. I can’t wait to tell her.”
. My hands are on his head, but I don't remember putting them there. I tug at his hair, run my fingers through it, caress his ears.
She carries on anyway. This must be like Christmas for her and Anderson.
It’s perfect.
” John gasps and puts his now free hand on Sherlock’s head to run his fingers through his tousled curls. “Sorry, oh God…”
Sherlock bumps their noses together and nods.
"No, we didn’t," he says. "But you
to you...
"Can't be helped. I didn't give you much encouragement to change your mind in the years that followed. I'm sorry, too."
"I did. Very much," Sherlock mumbles, tilting his head, inviting John in. "Couldn't you tell?"
He looks around pompously, taking in our flat with a condescending frown.
"Can I?" John eventually asks, his voice low and rumbling.
He sucks me in time with the shudders running through me, and after a while, my brain catches up with events again. He’s moaning softly and caressing my thighs with long, calming strokes, and I take a deep breath and ruffle his hair to get him to look up.
Life is not a fairy tale.
Why am I telling her all this? I don’t even talk to my friends about things like that. I don't even
"So it was a lie?"
I can feel my body convulsing around his cock as I ride it out, and suddenly his movements become erratic.
John hates the sound of it.
“Loudly?”
"John…" Sherlock murmurs.
Sherlock explores.
He breaks the kiss to catch his breath.
to have Wilkes think that a person like me could manage to catch himself a--- a person like you."
Yes…”
Sherlock,
John reaches over and runs his fingers along Sherlock's temple, and the other man rolls on his side and props his chin up in his hand.
I look up and into his eyes.
"Yes," he lies. "You?"
They stare at each other for what seems like a lifetime.
He shudders through the aftershocks and swallows down the sick feeling bubbling up in his throat. Then he stops moving. She's gasping for air, but doesn't say anything, and he just rests for a while, still lying on top of her, until his breath is back.
He needs me to take control, and I will. My heart is hammering a staccato rhythm against my ribs, but I try to appear self-confident on the outside. I'm about to do something I've never done before, and I'm nervous and aroused in equal parts.
"Yes," Sherlock sighs.
"We used to be all over each other…" he says.
They keep it up for a few minutes, not changing their pace because it's perfect like this, and John forgets to speak and give Sherlock the loving, dirty words he loves so much since he has to concentrate very hard on
"Sometimes."
They carried him to the couch and laid him down, and John held up his legs, and he came back around again almost immediately.
for John to see.
“I promise I’ll tell you one day,
"Of course. Why not?"
Wilkes to still be there, to see them do this, he laughs into the kiss, then nips at Sherlock's bottom lip, sucks it into his mouth and luxuriates in its taste, its plumpness, before letting it go again and gently pulling away to look at the man in front of him.
Sherlock reaches out and runs his fingertips along John's temple, then into his hair, and a lovely little shiver trickles down John's spine.
He’s on his second cup of tea and his fifteenth clients’ email (so far they’ve all been barely a three) when he hears the shower start. He squeezes his eyes shut for a second and feels his hands clench into fists. He’s got about twelve minutes to compose himself - if his old data about John’s grooming habits is still valid, that is. He opens his lids again to stare blankly at the screen in front of him. It’s filled with petty problems and silly requests and he wishes he could be one of those people instead of himself right now. Nothing to worry about except grandma’s jewels and a missing cat that might or might not have wandered off on its own, but who knows, so could you look into it, please?
Mary, crying.
The look of confusion that gets him is better than the hopeless one from before, so John congratulates himself.
. What we're doing is not wrong. In fact,
He huffs and rubs his nose against mine.
He pulls me down on himself when I sink to the floor with a shaky groan and ruts his still fully clothed penis against my naked arse. My feet are still caught in my trousers and my pants are cutting into my calves, but I don’t mind. He’s all around me, all I need. He can do to me whatever he wants.
Sherlock repeats his twist-and-turn motion from before and retrieves a small, crackling object from his drawer, and it takes John a while to realise what it is.
"We'll use my honey bubble bath. And scented oils. And all the candles we can find."
He swallows audibly.
chiming through the cabin sound so innocent, but their effect is substantial. The crew hurries off behind their little curtain to take their seats and don their seat belts, and even if John’s deduction skills leave a lot to be desired, he can make out the barely-concealed unrest in their eyes.
The shaking of the other man's torso in his arms doesn't subside.
…” His hips thrust into Sherlock’s grip, showing him the rhythm he needs, and Sherlock bites his lip and goes with it, shivering with involuntary repulsion as he feels the slide of his hand become slicker, pre-ejaculate getting smeared all over his palm and John’s shaft, and John moans then, deeply,
Angelo looks at Sherlock for a long moment, and something in his eyes tells John that he's understood.
He hums and kisses me again.
,” I sigh. “You’re amazing.”
Then his phone dies, plunging them into pitch-black darkness.
they be if they continue this, whatever this is?
He narrows his eyes.
me,” he sighs before straightening up again, and the hot air brushing his skin makes Sherlock shudder in response.
She slowly raises her head then – it must have been something in his voice. Their eyes meet, and John sees that she knows.
Sherlock’s features twist into an expression he’s never seen before, pained and touched and so, so vulnerable, and it makes his heart ache to watch it. His hate dissolves and love fills his chest, absolute and unconditional love for the man standing before him, and he can only guess what he had to go through in the time he was away, but he knows he did it for him.
In reflex, he pulls away and starts to scramble backwards, out of reach of John's arms, and John lets go of him immediately and holds up his hands.
He forgets that quite quickly, though, because Sherlock’s tongue is undulating against his frenulum now and he’s started to make rumbling sounds in the back of his throat, each of which is taking on a life of its own and wrapping itself around John’s flesh to mercilessly draw him towards his release. Not long, now.
He is breathtaking; every inch of him is
In a tiny part of his mind, he's immeasurably sad that this might be the last time he's allowed to feel this, and yet it's really complete and utter
John scoffs.
"Ah, God,
John leans towards him and kisses his nose.
"I saw her
It'll never be the same again.
“This phone call – it’s, err… it’s my note. It’s what people do, don’t they – leave a note?”
alone…
loved,
it now. I want you to.”
"No," he agrees. "He's not there."
"I care about
“You don’t say. Dr Watson told me--- but no. Wait! Don’t tell me.” Her eyes go wide with realisation, and I would call her epiphany comical if I was not so terrified of the deduction she is no doubt going to make. “When I knocked on Dr Watson’s bedroom door, you… you were
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but puts his hands over hers where they are covering his ears. His eyes are a stunning shade of turquoise in the stark light of the kitchen lamp.
him, despite the pain that's mounting with every step he takes. He can't move on if he doesn't force himself to let go, and he can't let go if he doesn't allow himself this grief, if he doesn't confront himself with it, only one last time.
"No, he didn't," he says calmly. "He only found out last week."
to precise enough, so Sherlock allows himself a low, frustrated whine and pushes himself against John's face, desperate for more contact.
"Oh-ohhh,
real.
.” He’s such a wanker. “How can John be having a birthday dinner? All his friends hate him. You only have to look at their faces. I wrote an essay on suppressed hatred in close proximity based entirely on his friends.” Definitely the
That he loves him.
"You're gorgeous," he mutters under his breath. "I love that I'm allowed to see you like this. Your eyes… I've never seen eyes like yours before. Sea glass eyes."
"What I feel?" John eventually asks, as if talking to himself. "What I
It should be enough.
"That's because it sounds better in poetry."
Sherlock did it?
John snaps the lid open, pours some of the cool liquid into his cupped hand to warm it, aware of Sherlock’s eyes following his every movement. After putting the bottle aside, he reaches down to envelop both their cocks at the same time, spreading the slickness with slow, deliberate strokes.
Before I can reply, there’s a loud click, then a crackle, and then---
You’re here with me now, my love. It makes me forget the pain as my hands and feet start to burn. Your tender kiss takes away the agony of my muscles contracting all at once, trying to fight a hopeless battle that has long been lost.
I take my time getting to know him, showering his collarbone, his neck, his ear with kisses that vary in intent and intensity - some say
After tea, Mrs Hudson leaves and John puts Rosie in her cot for her afternoon nap. When he gets back to the living-room, Sherlock is sitting in his armchair, apparently waiting for him to join him.
“Okay.” I take a deep breath and open my hands in an appeasing gesture. “What do you want me to do, then?”
“You--- swallowed,” he says, almost whispering, as if in awe.
He's breathing faster now.
“There are a great many things I’m still able to do with my brain, John,” he rumbles. “And my body, as well. I can give you a demonstration, if you’d like.”
“Yes, love,” I encourage him. “Mmhhh, if you could see yourself now… You're exquisite…”
"Come, baby…
He can tell John isn't having it. They discussed this only a few hours ago. To Sherlock, it feels like years and mere seconds all at the same time.
Sherlock says, in a tone so desperate, so unlike his usual one that John wishes he could record it just to show him its beauty later on. “Up.”
Finally Sherlock finds what he's looking for and makes to rip open the small square of plastic, but John sits up, holds out his hand, and stops him.
I pull away and get back into position, and his hardness is pulsing so violently by now that I can feel it twitch against mine.
John fixes his gaze on him and takes his hand to entwine their fingers. He can feel Sherlock's pulse fluttering against his palm, or maybe it's his own. The slickness coating Sherlock's middle and index finger gets spread all over John's hand, but he doesn’t care.
“Hold still,” John instructs with a laugh, cupping Sherlock’s chin with his hands before bending upwards and kissing his lips.
, still.
"I want you too," Sherlock mutters into John's mouth. "I always do."
“What about her?”
“Sherlock,” he rasps again, upon which a hand comes up to stroke the back of his head.
cold and still feels slightly dizzy. His back is covered in goose bumps, and briefly he asks himself if he's maybe going into shock. He felt like this after being shot in Afghanistan.
"I'm scared. But I want it, and I want it to be you. If--- if you want to, that is. Only if you want to." John licks his lips again and kisses him once more, very softly, and then rubs their cheeks together in an unmistakable gesture of affection. "Do you?" he breathes.
“She’ll also be furious that
"Because… you---" Sherlock stammers, and John can see he's paralysed by the question. "You're---"
You might be the British government, but you’re not the only one with leverage here.
John cherishes the brief contact, new hope flooding his heart.
His length feels like hot steel sheathed in silk, twitching into my touch as soon as I begin to stroke it, and I lean heavily onto my other arm and fight to coordinate my movements to make it good for him, make it perfect, better than anything has ever been before.
“Oh God, oh
"If I find out you--- you take it
Stifling a sound of regret, he takes a deep, silent breath and readies himself to let go. It's over now. Today is going to mark the beginning of a new life, and he'll just clench his teeth and follow through with it. He takes his dream and what's left of it (arousal, comfort,
, if you ask me,” he says. “Often are, these vigilante types.”
, and he slides inside deeply, right up to his knuckle, and stops, and waits, and tries not to cry with relief at finally being allowed to do this.
John blinks and looks down at his lover's profile, which is standing out starkly against the dark fabric of his navy dressing gown.
"I--- I love you," he rasps, and even as he says it, he feels the pressure ease. "I'll always--- protect you. I promise…"
He's doing therapy again, and so far it has helped him to control his temper and come to terms with the fact that the unnaturally fierce rage he sometimes experiences when it comes to arguing with Sherlock Holmes has nothing at all to do with the man being a self-centred, pretentious prick. It's more about John hesitating to accept the uncomfortable truth that the life he'd been leading up to the day when he finally moved back to Baker Street had been one huge, terrible lie – and projecting the blame for all of it onto Sherlock. Because God, he
"Fuck," he says, looking at Sherlock with a hint of amazement in his eyes. "I can't believe that just happened."
Mycroft clears his throat again.
I’ll ask him later.
Sherlock almost laughs at that. John looks like he wants to bite the table top. His eyes show Sherlock that he feels awkward and amused in equal measures, and it's an endearing mixture.
"It's--- hard for me to interpret things sometimes," Sherlock suddenly blurts out, speaking fast, as if he wanted to get it over with. "Things like looks, or expressions. I don't always know what's expected of me, or what would be appropriate. Earlier, I--- I wasn't even sure whether you
“Nonsense,” Sherlock says. “If Watson wants ice cream, then ice cream she shall have.”
His stomach is not completely flat, but covering the layer of strong, solid muscle that still tells of his military past there's a soft padding of fat that he wants to bury his face in and kiss, and suck, and bite. His bullet scar is a huge, hideous thing, but all it implies to Sherlock is that it brought him to him, all those years ago, and although he wishes he could have spared him the pain, he can't imagine a life without John Watson in it, no matter their past.
And I’m so lonely.
“I hate you.”
He nods against my neck, still quite upset, it seems, so I rock him back and forth gently, like a small child.
He'd be embarrassed about that – he's been to war, after all, and there
“Anything,” he repeats.
“You’re so sweet,” he breathes when they part for air. “I love kissing you.”
Is he thinking of him right now?
“Cold?”
I rock him back and forth as much as his injuries allow me to and hum against his temple to calm him, and after a while I can feel the tension in his muscles dissolve.
"Baby," John rasps and twists his hand to make the feeling better still. "You're beautiful…
it. Please."
Instead of asking all this, I whisper: “Love?”
He goes harder, hips pumping, broken groans bubbling from his throat into Sherlock's sweat-slick skin, and Sherlock cants his hips to make the most of the way John's abdomen, taut with the strain of thrusting, moves against the underside of his cock, faster and faster, and he knows it's about to happen, any second now, any second---
“You and Papa will talk about serial killers and dead people,” Rosie states, her voice boisterous, her blue eyes sparkling.
not the place.
… I promise…”
"Look. It's just a painting that looks a bit like her," John says when they're right in front of it, and to demonstrate, he reaches out and touches it with his free hand.
It’s been almost four months, and I haven’t heard a word from him. Mycroft keeps saying that everything’s fine, but of course I can’t contact him myself, just in case my calls are being intercepted, so I can’t do anything but
here that's of any interest to the case. This house has been abandoned for ages, Sherlock," he says, fighting for composure. "Look at the dust everywhere; look at the wallpaper coming off. Nobody has lived here for years."
to go with him."
“What’s going on in that beautiful head of yours, hm?” John asks and stops nibbling his earlobe.
“I know. See you later then, John.”
I comply, dumbfounded, and move between his legs, and he pulls at my shoulders to get me to put my weight on him. My penis is right next to his now, pressing against it, so hot, and wet, and
“Yes,” he breathes.
Mycroft shrugs nonchalantly.
“I’ll kiss that cocky demeanour right off your face one of these days…” I rasp, cupping the back of his head with one hand, and he smiles against my saliva-slick skin, rubbing his nose into my pubic hair. He looks ridiculously pleased with himself.
, because even though he has no idea
“John, yes, yes…” he mutters. “Oh.”
“Oh God.”
"Keep your eyes on me," Sherlock whispers as he closes the bottle and puts it aside, and John shivers because he's heard this before, a long time ago. "Please. I need to see you while I--- do this."
Sherlock shivers; John can feel the wave go through him from head to toe. He holds on to his shoulders and closes his eyes, and Sherlock shifts a little to align himself, and then it all breaks into fragments again. He's touching John now, his tip is pressing against him,
--- I want you
John chuckles, his tone hollow.
“Yes,” he rasps back. “Down there.”
"It was…" I reply. "It was the best thing that has ever happened to me… not counting the day Stamford brought you to the lab and you moved in with me."
"I know. Me too."
It takes him all night.
Sherlock allows the tears to come then, because he just doesn't have it in him to both say all this and simultaneously command his body to keep up its composure. He's simply not strong enough. He doesn't think John will make out the wet trails on his cheeks, not from this distance.
, though.”
And because, deep inside, he's so,
"Sherlock… I'm afraid I'll need to lie down. That was---"
John is ending this here, now, and he thought he could take it, but he can't.
"Keep talking to me…" he begs breathlessly.
John laughs. This is Sherlock, he realises, and he’s really,
"No," he tells him. "
“Yes, yes,” he says with a wave of his hand. “I’m just thinking, John. I’m allowed to think, I gather? Engage in some mental acrobatics?”
“Sherlock, I’m there, okay? Just keep talking to me. Everything’s going to be alright.”
“Sherlock… yes…”
"I want to feel the same," John says lowly, breathing Sherlock's air. "I want to be close to you, closer than ever before."
"John," he rasps.
"Two," he says.
“Hello, John. It’s me, yes. I--- God, it’s good to hear your voice. How are you?”
“He’s the best chance I’ve ever had on being happy,” he answers, surprised that he doesn’t sound bitter.
Only when I’m finished do I realise how quiet he’s become. He’s not moving, not even blinking, only staring at me with wide, incredulous eyes.
Sherlock is hurting; John knows that very well, even though Sherlock makes every effort to bite back the pain when it washes over him, to be strong and not let on that it's getting worse by the day.
"I'm alright," he replies, and really, his voice sounds firm. No trace of pain. His cheeks are flushed, and his gaze is clear. "I feel
I can hear the leer in his voice and roll my eyes. Mycroft groans.
“My love,” I whisper, my lips brushing the tender skin of his ear, tracing the shell and marvelling at its perfect shape. “My sweet, darling man.”
Before his mind can stop his body from moving and doing something that's surely very stupid, Sherlock is already tiptoeing out of his room and up the stairs. He
That's a true story. I'd give anything to fight over the stupid milk again.
He'll watch over John forever, even if it kills him in the end.
Moriarty and everyone connected to him will be gone.
Sherlock slowly turns his head, and then his lips are upon John's, and they lose themselves in a long, gentle kiss.
John throws the napkin onto his seat before making his way to the exit, willing himself to erase this moment of weakness from his memory, but halfway down the docking gate he changes his mind and hurries back, dodging confused and slightly annoyed fellow passengers walking in the opposite direction.
..." he growls and pulls at my lip with his teeth.
Sherlock laughs, but it comes out as a shaky moan.
At the tender age of six, Rosie has already perfected the art of button-pushing to a tee, and John is very aware of that. Sherlock’s lessons in reading body language only give her more ammunition to work with.
for her if need be, and now nothing will ever be okay again.
consume
He's still sifting when Sherlock clears his throat with the smallest of hums and then speaks again.
"Yes," I say. "Well, at least I didn't think you were very experienced. I never saw you with anybody, so I just assumed you were not interested in sex. Or… relationships."
Oh, what he’d give to hear that gruff, slightly groggy voice every morning.
"Why now?" she then asks.
God, I hope they didn't break your will. I couldn't bear it.
Why doesn’t he care more?
Falling asleep in each other's arms.
more.” I move down his body, kissing a wet trail from his shoulder to his lower back, and position myself behind him. “Get the petroleum jelly.”
Coming up in chapter 6:
He licks me clean, the texture of his tongue velvety and rough at the same time, and then grazes my tip with his teeth, lightly, carefully, and I never would have thought that teeth on my most vulnerable parts could excite me so much, but they do.
My blood is boiling, and listening to his desperate begging only intensifies my craving for release.
"Up," he tells me and pulls at my boxers, and when I lift my lower body off the bed, he removes them in one fluid motion.
“Fine,” Sherlock retorts. “I could have behaved like less of a pretentious prick when I came back, then.”
Mycroft doesn't stay, but leaves after carrying Sherlock's suitcase into his bedroom with a very pointed, humourless smirk. I guess that now, with everything going its normal way again and his little brother not being in imminent danger anymore, he's back to his old self. It's strangely comforting to know that not that much has changed.
"Come, John."
“Are you naked…?”
“Only a week? We’d better…” he leans away, a look of panic flashing over his features. “John, I was thinking perhaps we could borrow a corpse from Bart’s and—”
, John," Sherlock growls. "
"What if he rejects you?"
"If you want to take a cold shower – I can watch Rosie before I go to the Yard," he says and smirks.
He shivers lightly, but doesn't interrupt.
Sherlock smiles again and wraps his fingers around John’s hand, lifting it to his mouth and setting a kiss onto it. He then sets another, and another. His eyes open, and they are bright and full of honesty. “John Watson,” he says. “Right now, the only wish I have is to kiss you.”
"Good. Then stop talking now… It's okay. It will be okay, John."
On the next upwards caress, John lets his hands travel further, up to the nape of his neck and then into his hair, and Sherlock draws a long, shaky breath and feels his legs wobble in response to the touch. John's blunt nails scrape his scalp, massage it gently, but with enough pressure to set his nerve endings alight with pleasure.
“Dr Watson. This is a safe connection. You have thirty minutes.”
Sherlock doesn't quite smile, but his expression has softened considerably.
, Sherlock, so often… So what kind of son am I? What kind of
“Mycroft---”
"I'm sorry, John," he repeats, not really sure what he's apologising for but feeling like he needs to nonetheless.
After dinner, I convince him to lie down on his bed to let me examine his back.
John caresses the soft bit of flesh between Sherlock's thumb and index finger, smoothing out the delicate skin there with his fingertip, then runs the pad of his thumb across his knuckles.
“No, thank you, Mrs Hudson. You’re very kind. But… I’m not hungry. I just need some sleep.”
anymore. He wants to tell Sherlock so, but what comes out is something else.
John stares at the place where he saw Sherlock's pale, wide-eyed face a second ago, gleaming dots swimming across his vision and painting a negative of the outline of his curly head onto his retinae.
"Are they dead?" John interrupts him.
I do so, and he holds on to me with a tight grip.
I feel myself blush. He shakes his head, but his gaze softens and he leans down again to kiss my left nipple this time, ending the kiss with a bit of teeth and tongue. And a lot of beard.
his fault – most of it, at least.
…" Sherlock rumbles into John's skin and then rubs his face against his beard like a huge, lazy cat.
“Will you be able to? With your leg?” he asks.
. Rosie's teething. She screams almost every night, and even though Sherlock is not in the habit of resting regularly, it's slowly taking its toll on him.
Sherlock eventually saves him from having to make a decision by slowly ending the kiss and then pressing his forehead against John's, panting, his lips glistening with saliva, and it's so enticing that John dips his tongue against his full, swollen bottom lip, licks a sloppy stripe along its outer edge, desperate to re-establish contact now that their mouths are not touching anymore.
"Why are you trying to make Sebastian believe that we're involved?" Sherlock asks as soon as they get home.
… Do that again, come on…”
“My wife’s pregnant,” he says.
His muscles relax again immediately.
He rubs his cheek up and down my throat, teasing me, his mouth open, his breath fast and hot and moist. I moan, and my hips buck upwards out of their own acccord. My body's reacting to him without me piloting it, and I guess it's alright. He'll guide. I'll follow. My subconscious seems to know what to do.
He never slept with the same woman twice.
more important."
“Fuck you, Mycroft. I’d never betray his trust, and you know it.”
Sherlock, kissing him again. Holding him.
Holmes is fitting himself against my front, his lithe body warm and firm in my arms, and we moan against each other’s mouths when our groins collide for the first time, separated by decidedly too many layers of fabric. There is a very definite bulge tenting Holmes’ trousers already, and I, excited by the knowledge that it is
John goes downstairs.
Sherlock goes and closes the door behind him and then turns to face John again.
mind…" John gets on his toes and nudges his ear with his nose, sending a warm puff of air across his skin. "Tell me."
It takes only two more thrusts to have him follow Sherlock with a groan that echoes off the tiled walls, and he desperately tries to feel every tiny facet of the moment – Sherlock in his arms, trembling through the aftershocks of his orgasm, the way his body is still clenching and throbbing around him, the slick heat of his own seed, enveloping him as he moves through the waves of his peak. Sherlock's breath, his voice. The way he smells and tastes.
I nod, still speechless.
“Donovan,” he says lowly, and John presses a small kiss on his chin.
, and puts more of his weight on John to give him more friction, his teeth scraping the skin behind John's ear, his breath loud and irregular, his movements becoming more and more urgent.
in love with you… I don’t even have the words to tell you how much. I want to show you again and again.”
“Well,” he responds, his eyelids growing heavy. “If it will truly make Rosie happy, I suppose I’ll consider it.” As he begins to drift off, John can see the tension pouring off of his body like a rainstorm.
tomorrow morning. But who could care about that with an armful of half-asleep, thoroughly debauched Sherlock pressed against his body? It’s too sweet.
He's panting.
Sherlock pulls away to run his hands across John's arms and chest, opening buttons as he does so. "That’s because you are," he whispers, his eyes shining in the half-light created by the street lamp’s soft glow filtering in through the curtains. His voice sends shivers down John’s spine.
to, Sherlock… soon…" He pulls my head back, makes me bare my neck, kisses me there. "I want to do it all with you…
sensitive… I've never seen anything this sexy before –
“I’m fine, too. Thank you.”
"Let's go," he mumbles against John's lips. "Let's lock the door and reclaim our bedroom, John."
…” I beg, and he huffs out a groaning, lust-filled chuckle and swallows me down again until his nose is pressing against my pubic hair.
He isn’t sure whether Sherlock’s doing it on purpose or not. He’s a virgin, yes, but he wouldn’t want to put it past him to know the exact theory of it all.
He’s pacing up and down in front of the couch.
“No. Alright, stop it now.”
John just keeps smiling his sweet smile and nods.
"Tell me why," he whispers, because he has an idea.
--- Sherlock," he presses out breathlessly. "
He gets up and puts on his slippers and dressing gown, then makes his way upstairs.
“If you would like us to look for new quarters, we understand,” Holmes says after another brief and awkward pause, and I applaud the steadiness of his voice. “But please do not report us to the authorities.”
"I've changed my mind," John mumbles into his mouth and draws their joined hands up and against his face. "I think I like it after all."
He swore himself he wouldn’t beg, would allow Sherlock to have his way with him, but he can’t wait anymore. It’s too good, and he’s too close.
Then, very quietly: "John, I--- love---"
I’m glad it’s not too late to prove it to him.
"Mmmhhh
Don’t give in to it.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
"Okay. Ink?" he says after an infuriatingly confusing pause.
“Oh, we both know you absolutely don’t mean that.”
Sherlock’s smile looks bittersweet.
Sherlock inhales shakily, a sound so sweet that John’s heart clenches in his chest, and then there’s warmth all around him, slick and tight and so,
She doesn't say anything for a while.
” John moans and opens his mouth wider to encourage this endeavour, and Sherlock dives in with vigour.
“Moriarty is playing with your mind, too.” I glance behind myself to see him slamming his hand down on the desk in an uncharacteristic demonstration of nerves. “Can’t you
"No!" His voice is sharp, hard, and he sees his daughter flinch in response, but he needs to make this clear. "Don't you think he talked me into it. You mustn't think like that for
Holmes gets up and gestures for Mrs Hudson to sit down in the clients’ chair, and she gives him a slightly confused glance and does. She obviously thought I was ringing to ask for food or assistance, and Holmes’ presence in the flat has knocked her out of her stride.
"Better?" Sherlock thrusts deeply, long, lazy strokes that make him tingle all over and want moremore
Then his whole body begins to shake and he cries out in what sounds like blissful agony. There are tears in his voice, and John regrets not being able to see his face.
He’s out of the door a few moments later, and I’m alone. I exhale loudly and cover my face with my hands. Fuck.
“If you want, you can doze a bit,” I tell him. “I’ll stay awake and keep watch.”
“Goodbye, John.”
I hardly ever speak out loud while I'm in my mind palace, but better be safe than sorry.
He smiles sleepily.
"Oh, do they?"
He puts the plates down on the worktop and grips Sherlock’s forearms instead, closing his eyes and leaning into him. “You just had ice cream,” he murmurs.
I roll my eyes, and then something unprecedented happens. Sherlock
one, please, John…"
They look at each other, and time stops.
if he gets his way.
The love of his life.
," John suddenly growls, almost aggressively, and before Sherlock knows it, his legs are being pushed apart more widely and John puts his face right between his buttocks and kisses his opening as if it was his mouth.
“Okay,” he mumbles. “I’m sorry.”
is perfect."
As he steps under the hot spray and closes his eyes to let it drench his face, he hopes the sound won't rouse John. He couldn't face him, not yet. Not while his head is whirring with thoughts and questions he can't quite get a grasp on, however hard he tries.
"Are you proud of me, dear?" Mrs Hudson asks. "Watching you make your deductions for all those years has finally paid off."
“You too. I’ll think of you. All the time.”
fucking thing I’ve ever felt…
“Why are you saying this?”
It feels good, though.
to occupy his mind with, but he knows he's too restless to really get any serious work done. Nothing distracts him well enough today. Nothing will make him stop thinking for a while.
sober, okay? I admit I don’t know what happened tonight or--- or what’ll happen tomorrow, but it didn’t happen because I was drunk and horny. Okay?”
"Touch me…" he says, already sounding a little out of breath. "Taste me. What--- what
too straight-forward now. I’ll never learn. I’m sorry, John… I’m talking too much. I’m--- really scared of doing something wrong right now. I’ve thought about us being together like this… but reality is so different. I’m--- I have no idea how to proceed. I want it to be good for you.”
I want to stay in bed with him forever, just like this. Make love, rest, repeat.
“It is not half a life,” I whisper into his ear once we are settled beneath the duvet, sharing his pillow. “It is a life with you, which makes it as perfect a life as I could ever have wished for. No matter what the world will become. Inside these rooms, it will always be
much in love, it appears.
, because there was burning skin underneath that needed to be touched and explored.
He huffs, and I can practically see him fidget in embarrassment.
"Fridge, bedroom," John hears himself mumble into his lover's mouth. "
He’s always enjoyed looking at Sherlock, and maybe that should have made him think more than it did, and earlier. But there you are. It took him a long time to come to terms with what he feels for him, and even longer to finally do something about it. He regrets not seeing it sooner, and not having the courage to act upon it when he did.
"No," she says, her tone metallic. "Daddy."
wet… feels so good, love…"
Sherlock, speaking so softly, saying
, what we’re doing here and now. Please.”
Sherlock sighs.
“Yeah.”
Mrs Hudson doesn’t hold a grudge, bless her. She’s sitting with us now as we finish our breakfast, and I’m happy that she’s there – she’s like a catalyst for the conversation I’ve been dying to have with Sherlock, and she’s just asking away, with no apparent regard for the possibility that he might want to keep some of his experiences to himself.
, and on the barely-there
John nods, still not meeting his gaze.
“I’m going to hug you now,” he tells me. “Don’t hug back. My stitches…” He trails off and shrugs.
"I'm embarrassed. That's why I lashed out at you. I know that's not an apology – but it's an explanation. I'm--- not comfortable discussing these things."
"Well, grab a pew. Do you need anything? Coffee? Water?"
I feel like a little boy being told off by his mother, and I
He knows that John would be dead now if he had stayed.
“You’ve thought of everything. We’ve got Mycroft’s men working right now to track down and observe Moriarty’s people. You’re several steps ahead of him at all times. You’ll take him down, his whole network, and we’ll clear your name, and then everything will go back to normal. Soon, Sherlock.”
They're doing this now, and it's alright.
him, hard, until he can’t see straight anymore.
Sherlock huffs. He's bantering with his brother out of habit, and usually it cheers him up by giving him some semblance of normality in these otherwise wildly unsteady times, but he's not in the mood today.
I get up, the image of Holmes’ beautiful slanted eyes burned into my retinae, and make my way to the door. I turn the key twice and leave it in the lock, and then I turn back around and find Holmes right in front of me.
"Ye-esss…" Sherlock whispers as he rocks them back and forth with gentle, ever-slowing thrusts, his mouth on John's temple, his hands in his hair. "John,
“No. Don’t,” John pleads, his voice hollow.
John looks mildly confused, but also genuinely interested, so Sherlock finally plucks up the courage to elaborate.
“Where’s yours?” the girl asks.
,” John adds and gets on his toes to press his lips against Sherlock’s in a long, tender kiss, his eyes sliding shut out of their own accord.
It's his third day without sleep, and it's slowly driving him insane. He makes it through his working day on auto-pilot - luckily, there haven't been any difficult cases this week, or he would have been in trouble.
“Good morning,” Sherlock husks, his voice rumbling across John’s chest. “What time is it?”
“Yeah. Fine.”
I'm very,
He uses plain soap to lather himself up and once again realises that he'll never accommodate to this way of personal grooming. He knows it's ridiculous, but he misses his body wash, his shampoo, all the things that helped him to put on his armour and face the world outside. He loved being perfect when interacting with people other than Mrs Hudson and of course John, and he enjoyed unwinding after a long and strenuous day by taking a bath and washing it all away. His mind always just
– what the
He even wants dessert.
“Okay,” I say. “Why didn’t you tell me that it was still upsetting you so? You said it was alright. You… lied to me.”
John huffs. Sherlock's body heat is creeping across the small distance between them, warming his side.
life,” he says softly, his voice caressing the sore spot inside of me.
"Come."
and enjoy his food with almost boyish enthusiasm I wonder when it was that he had his last real meal. I’m not brave enough to ask, though, and I don’t want to interrupt the peace and quiet of the scene.
"Oh---
, a knot of lust tightening inside of him, ready to unfurl, to explode. Sherlock's breath is loud and warm against his temple, and his fingers are in his hair now, carding through the short strands, pulling a little from time to time.
John strokes up and down his arm, which is draped across his middle in a careless sprawl, and enjoys the sensation of sparse body hair and smooth skin rubbing against his palm.
you're asking?"
kind of relationship, and so all I can do is dream, imagine,
He never got the chance to do that. Sherlock didn't want him to.
He shakes himself out of it and pulls at John’s shoulders to get him to close the distance between them completely. Everything smells of John, of them together now, the sheets, his pillow, their skin. They've left their imprint on this room, and Sherlock soaks it up and locks it away in his mind to preserve it.
“Turn around and walk back the way you came now,” he tells him and looks at John's silver-blond hair, his black leather jacket, the familiar way he carries himself as he walks closer.
“To let me feel his stiff member in my mouth?” he suggests, his tone so innocent, but his eyes so dark, so deep. “To allow me to spill my release inside of him?”
, my love. Nothing disgusting about that."
“Into battle,” he murmurs.
"Yeah, thanks for the motivational talk. I'm still not sure it's any of your business."
"Lie down with me," John says lowly, takes his hand, and pulls him towards the bed.
John doesn't move away, but frowns and puts his hand on the small of Sherlock's back. "Sherlock. What's going on in that beautiful head of yours?"
John swallows.
“I had stitches, and there’s no bleeding. I’m
They end up in a knot of limbs afterwards, still naked, and John thinks that being here like this with Sherlock is probably even better than the sex itself. Sherlock is a warm and comforting presence and, despite having been completely drenched in sweat only recently, still smells fantastic, like wood and spices and pure skin, and John wonders how the hell he managed to get him into his bed and what it would take to convince him to never, ever leave it again.
Sherlock laughs soundlessly.
"Give me your phone. I want to take a look."
I think about him inside of me, the delicious ache of being filled burning in my centre, about him rolling his hips, his face buried in my neck, about his voice moaning my name. I think about Egyptian sheets clinging to our skin, damp with sweat. About my fingers in his hair, and his lips kissing my ear. I want that, I think. All of it. All of
John takes a deep breath.
tipped you off?" he replies, each word dripping with sarcasm.
When the next thrust hits right home, sending a jolt of electricity up his spine, he sobs involuntarily; the feeling just takes him, without warning, and tears him apart, and there is nothing,
"The wet ones on rainy nights…"
suck, apparently putting his whole self into it, and John wonders how he can muster up such phenomenal precision and still be so passionate and sensual about it. He must have practised a lot.
"I've betrayed your trust before!"
While he waited, Sherlock worked. It wasn't good without John, but it was something to take his mind off missing him. His brain, alert and fully functional again after months of swinging back and forth between near-delirium and overdrive, enjoyed being used and tested, and his health took yet another turn for the better. He gained some weight. His wounds healed. He slept at least every other day.
just as quietly. "How to let go. I want to learn. I know I can.
in love, and it's all too much. He doesn't know what to say, now that they've brought it all out into the open. He feels strangely empty, but it's not uncomfortable. Maybe it's what he needed – to let it all flow out of him, to cleanse himself from what he didn't want to think about, but what kept on poisoning him with every breath he took. He's tired, and he'd give everything to just hide in a dark, warm place now, with John, and hold him forever.
John stops moving.
“Yes… Slowly, my love…”
He, the one who's always protected him, has turned against him in violence. That says something, doesn't it? Something about Sherlock. He's
He reaches up and pulls one of my hands down until it's cupping his face, and when he sucks me inside again, I can feel my own outline through his flesh. His scruffy jaw, the way I can feel him hollow his cheeks, his soft, nasal moans - it's almost too much for me. I feel myself throb and spill out a streak of hot liquid.
much more intense?
"You're fucking amazing, Sherlock," he tells him. "God, you're
John trails the shells of Sherlock's ears with his fingers, sending pleasant ripples down his spine.
Sherlock's lids flutter open again and he stares at the wall.
"I want you," he pants, sounding out of his mind with desire. "
Tea, he thinks. And maybe some work. That usually does the trick.
Sherlock studies the texture of the ceiling without registering what he's seeing. He could fall asleep now, he thinks lazily. Sleep has never come easily to him, not even as a child, and after his absence from London and everything that followed it, nightmares regularly disrupted the few hours of rest his body claimed for itself when his exhaustion became too severe. But right now he feels so calm, so detached from the disturbing thoughts usually keeping him up and alert when everyone else is resting, that he could doze off just like that.
"Sherlock, please." I sit down again. I want to touch him, but I don't dare to. "I was being stupid,
Sherlock steps in front of him then and lowers himself down on his knees, his expensive trousers scraping the floor, collecting dust and tiny splinters of wood as he does so.
He's sleeping now, there on the couch, wrapped in a thick woollen blanket, and John and Rosie are in the kitchen, having tea.
We’re just talking, Mary and I.
Appalled by myself, I try to pull away, but his own hand comes up and keeps me from doing so.
, so soon? What's gotten into you, love?" John asks and laughs a little, his surprise at this unexpected turn of events quickly making way for arousal.
A bitter smirk plays around Sherlock's lips, then vanishes again.
“For your own protection. And, it seems, for the protection of my brother’s heart.” He doesn’t sound silky anymore. He sounds dangerous. “If you hurt him, Dr Watson, you will have to answer to me. And you won’t like that. I promise you.”
“Look at you,” I say lowly as I dig my fingers into his sides. “
"Yeah. A bit sore."
Instead, he asks: "Where's Rosie?"
Wilkes wants updates on the case, and John believes him when he says that he's scared it might be him next, but he also strongly suspects that he simply wants to know more about how they live and have a good look around his old fellow student's place.
Sherlock's face twists into a grimace of badly concealed fury.
For a moment, he looks straight into the camera, and our eyes meet. It gives me a pang. Then he addresses Lestrade.
He turns around and puts on his sunglasses. Then he pulls the hood of his jumper up and over his head. He doesn’t look like himself now. And he doesn’t feel like the Sherlock I know – I
“Yeah. See you later.”
He wipes his lips with his napkin, carefully, concentrating on the corners of his mouth. I will myself not to care. And fail.
"Interesting…" he mumbles into the kiss, and John almost laughs.
He loves feeling John come inside him, has always done so – nothing makes him feel more connected, more as one with his lover than the sensation of liquid heat being poured out inside his body, because it's proof of what they've just done, and proof of John wanting him, taking pleasure in him.
And a few moments later, Mrs Hudson's worried voice, and then her face above him, shocked, disbelieving.
"Come," Sherlock pleads and holds out his arms, urging John to join him on the bed.
"Okay."
John won't call it off. He's angry at him, and rightly so. And he'll never be "by his side" again – he's made that quite clear. If it all hadn't already been lost before, it definitely was the moment he stepped into the restaurant and disguised himself for his big "surprise".
It's time to tell her; John knows. This is his last chance to come clean. And yet it's difficult to look into his own flesh and blood's eyes and admit the things he'd rather choose to forget.
I put my free hand behind his head, shivering at the feeling of his soft hair between my fingers.
He does it all almost without thinking – cleaning and disinfecting the wound, stapling his own flesh together, putting on a dressing. It doesn't even hurt that much anymore.
Occasional one-night stands were an exception, because things like that naturally require some flirting beforehand, but John can't – and, if asked, wouldn't – deny that the outcome was always much more important to him than the more or less fleeting connection he might, in the course of the conversation that preceded the deed, establish with the woman in question. All he usually wanted was some warmth and a deep, dreamless sleep, and a good orgasm or two tend to help with that.
man I’ve ever known, and you wouldn’t hurt a person if it wasn’t necessary.”
.” He cups the side of Sherlock’s face with his palm, stroking his cheekbone with his thumb. “That was---
Holmes smiles. It is a shy, tender,
,” he murmurs under his breath as he leans down to collect her bag. He takes one more quick look a the note before folding it up and placing it in his trouser pocket.
They can’t seem to get enough of one another, and John can’t get enough of them, either.
Sherlock nods.
He grins softly.
The desk, the carpet, the wallpaper. Everything looks like Sherlock. Everything smells like him.
The breath catches in John's throat at seeing his expression. It’s one of wonder, but there’s also a lot of barely concealed doubt. He nods.
He nods. He needs to stay calm now. Maybe it's not too late to make her understand.
"He's at work, I presume."
Remembering the effect his voice had on John last night, especially that one particular husky tone, he breaks the kiss after a minute or two and says: "That’s for me to decide." As predicted, John shudders in his arms. "Wanna top this time?" Sherlock mutters into his ear to distract him a bit further, upon which John utters a choked-off moan and nods wildly.
Sherlock nods slowly, maybe processing that John has just revealed that he's had sex with other men before, and then lifts a finger and traces John's lips with it.
Rosie just sobs louder, and yells 'SHOCK!'
to be on purpose. He squeezes a cheek, and Sherlock giggles. It's joyful, so he does it again.
while Mary slept beside him, all the way across the bed. The danger made his lower belly flutter with desire to
‘For this mess to be over like it never existed?’ John replied sarcastically, pocketing the flashdrive and looking for all means ready to leave.
'So she kills you.'
Going back to Europe already crossed her mind plentifully since she installed herself in that awful place.
Of course it's not overly advertised. There's a small note in the newspaper, saying a mistake took place in the reports. John doesn't volunteer any more information and Mycroft is evicted from the flat when he starts to question too much. He asks Sherlock to make the tea like usual (before the pool) so Mrs. Hudson won't bother, and he sends a text to Greg suggesting not offering work for a little while, as they both just came out as victims from the last case. John just wants to enjoy Sherlock's company and keep it to himself.
‘Don't forget the procedure!’ Sherlock warns him. ‘Wait a few days before calling her.’
'Spectacle?' Sherlock pronounces the word angrily. 'Spectacle means someone should be watching. There was no one watching until you came without warning!'
-- * --
It's a very pleasant afternoon. Sherlock eats three slices of cake when he thinks John isn't watching. He and Molly talk animatedly over the failed spleen of a teenager she had brought, and later he, Greg and Mrs. Hudson chew some turkish tobacco in silent, much to John's aggravation. Sherlock, despite himself, seems to have fun, which was the goal so John is very satisfied.
(See the end of the chapter for
He considers that perhaps her erratic behaviour is generalised, and she's having a bad day altogether, if she's lashing out even at Pablo, who usually prefers to keep quiet and efficient. Obviously he's mistaken. A teenage boy comes in with an ugly throat infection that needs intramuscular injection of benzylpenicillin, which prompts him into hysterics. Pablo needs him and the mother to help hold the boy still and distracted from the needle.
), steps back and flips down his laptop lid, cutting off the music. Janine doesn't seem worried about a thing. Janine, who was in Sherlock's arms just now.
She leaves without a back glance. John suddenly notices the silence. Sherlock is around the kitchen door, maintaining a distance from the discussion. Rosie has her mouth attached to his chin, chewing it happily. Her cheeks are still tear-stained. His throat feels thick at the sight of them.
Which of course makes him completely vulnerable to the sudden blow on his temple that makes him dizzy enough to stumble. He can't see where it came from or how distant he is to the ground, and on the next moment his head is covered with a umid cloth, and as he is starts to breathe the familiar smell of chloroform, he asks himself "Why did I think I could have a peaceful day in my life?".
He looks at the angular face close to his own from between his fingers. 'I asked you not to be dead.'
'Cabergoline.'
He doesn't know where to start, so he tries to go to all the places he's seen the tabby cat before. Little fuckers. He should have known you can't trust them not to twist the circumstances with malicious intent. It must amuse the lot, they must have a wicked cat convention to meow about all the idiots they granted wishes while adding a trick at the end.
She smirks. 'Oh, not surprised. Big brother always takes care of him. I don't know why you were so worried.' she looks contemplative for a second. 'You know what? I think we should invite him for dinner. I have to thank him properly, isn't it?'
It did seem pretty boring. Some jerk pissed off the wrong person. But the payment was interesting. She browsed through an airline company website - it covered the fare.
She looks at the damage site with him, tears still running. She traces the temporary scar with her small fingers. 'Ow.'
'I'll do it, but only if you reciprocate. Talk about Sholto.'
'Can you believe it? I mocked Mycroft's aversion for legwork for years, and here I am, denying the dangerous cases.'
He moves to give him a peck. Sherlock lets him, but doesn't really retribute. 10:21pm. There is no time.
She seems very distressed, though. The night before she had been feeling nauseated and went to sleep early, but she still looks sick. When they show Aadhya's picture next to Moriarty's, she presses a hand to her stomach, frowning deeply.
But during their fight John catches a glimpse of the living room window, and there, at the rooftop of the building on the other side of the street, the cat sits straight on looking at them.
They can't camp on 221B forever. John posts a quick update on his blog saying how they had needed to get away for awhile after the bombings, but they are back and their inbox is open for new cases. Amidst all the usual boring cheating spouses and misplaced belongings, the melting laptop one catches Sherlock's attention.
'I will be arranging everything from here John, do not concern yourself. I'll have personal staff watching her room.' in fact he sees Anthea and a man that looks like a guard hovering a bit away.
He nods, pursing his lips. 'And why not come back?'
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language, any mistakes feel free to point out (and explain please).
Sherlock softens at this, and it's such a good look John could stare at him forever. 'You shouldn't be home late.'
'It pains me to say this but I'm very confused by your mixed signals.' Sherlock hisses. 'I've done no such thing, but let's hypothesize you're right. Why do you think I went through all this, then, care to enlighten me?'
'You are the one who deals with magical cats, I have no idea what the rules are.'
texted
He searches for something in Sherlock's eyes. 'But how are you feeling about this?'
Rosie is definitely not happy about the whole morning, and fusses a lot to eat, making a mess of her face, his shirt, and the table. Mrs. Hudson tries the inane aeroplane technique, and she actually starts to accept the carrots, but pushes away the shredded beef every time. Mrs. Hudson tuts at this, but Sherlock has been suspicious she's not a fan of meat, even if the ratio of acceptance for fish and chicken is slightly better.
‘You. Warned him? Oh my god that’s why he was so wary around you!’
John glances at Sherlock. The rapid passing street lights twinkle on his face, and his voice is a soft murmur. 'Why what?'
As always I'm rambling on tumblr: thanks-mike-stamford
Sherlock looks away for a second but John sees it. 'Sherlock. Spill it out.'
He enters his living room to find Anna having tea with someone. It's an indian woman with boyish hair. She puts her cup on the coffee table and gets up to greet him.
'Yeah, only by the end.' Greg side-eyes him suspiciously.
'She bought a 50k car, perhaps in Belgium, I don't think she would be able to do that with cash.'
'Aren't you going to say sorry?' Anna asks over breakfast.
He settles his hands on Sherlock's waist, stands on tiptoes and kisses him. Sherlock responds putting his arms around John's neck, and isn't it the loveliest thing. John is absolutely ecstatic when the kiss evolves to a full snog. He recedes an inch. 'Can we lie down?'
not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
"Not always." a distant voice inside his head tells him. "He is like that about his work and his abilities, but never about himself as a person,
When Mary received the call she had already heard the name. She'd been expecting this for months. If the guy was the Napoleon of crime, as everyone in the "underworld" seemed to think, he would work only with high-profile professionals.
'Yeah, ah, we talked a lot back then. He didn't contact me after he was discharged, though. A few years can distance people after all.' he broke the awkward silence, contemplating her face.
And David. She had said they dated briefly before she came to live in London. He supposes it was a hint about this marriage that he didn’t question him going to the wedding. He remembers him starting a hug motion towards Anna and then stepping back as if thinking it through. Sherlock doesn’t have much tact about people’s sentiment, but he is usually very observant about this kind of signs. He suspected David still nurtured feelings towards her since the beginning. He probably had been counting on that when he contacted him.
Rosie is on the floor, trying to assemble a skeleton puzzle she was gifted by Molly. Sherlock sits down beside her, who explains the skeleton has no elbows, how can he lift a spoon? Talking in full sentences was the greatest milestone achieved by her, as finally Sherlock can have full two-sided and entirely inappropriate conversations about bugs, science and body parts.
'Because you asked? So for you what I wanted never counted for me?'
A fortnight before Moriarty broke into the Tower of London, John and Sherlock had been working on a personal project. Sherlock had no cases, and experiments would only entertain him so far. So John asked him to share the techniques of building a mind palace. John was a far more modest person than Sherlock, so he called this project his Mind Bungalow, which Sherlock viewed as very amusing, but he agreed with a touch of proud that didn't go unnoticed.
The sound of the gun being unlocked is loud in the cramped kitchen. 'Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? Heard about you too. Now, I really don't like to talk much, but if you know so many things, you can tell me where she's going and
The new content is going to kill me before the actual episodes have the opportunity I swear to god.
'I will call him and tell you've paid us a visit.'
She winces painfully. ‘You knew all along. You lied to me.’
'Yeah, it hurts, doesn't it? But we all get hurt sometimes, it's just fine, isn't it?' they stare at each other, she seems very dubious for a nine months old baby. 'Sherlock gets hurt a lot, the child he is.'
He showers and brushes his teeth with the spare toothbrush he keeps at the cabinet under the sink. It comes to his mind that he doesn't have any clothes at the flat, and the night is a bit chilly. He opens the door just by a gap and calls out for Sherlock. 'Can I have a pyjama of yours?'
Fairbrother is also keeping an eye at the closed door, eventually scrolling down on his personal phone. She could see him liking some photos on Instagram. Their work phones, Blackberry all of them, wouldn't have these kind of apps.
'Sorry, a moment' Sherlock looks at him. 'I'm the one choosing? I thought this wouldn't be… deliberated'
At the end of the last chapter John sends a text and Sherlock answers it. I deleted that after posting, because I remembered Sherlock didn't have his phone with him. Sorry!
, and leaves again after she nods in comprehension.
He ultimately sighs.
He looks down, frowning at his feet. John interlinks their fingers, maintaining eye contact until he looks back up. 'I just feel it hasn't been much fun anymore, since I came back.'
'Ah-'
He leans forward. 'But he doesn't want to. He hates it. You
'Was a bit cranky, the poor lamb, but Sherlock took care of her so I think the cold won't develop much further.' she says over tea. 'Some of the brother's people were here earlier, and told me to go to my sister's for a while. What is going on, John? Where is Mary?'
She pushes him to stand and walk in front of her while Jim stays behind, and only John sees the purple eyes glow electric blue for one moment, and disappear.
He had checked the pertaining stuff before getting out of the car. One
The response is one eyebrow raised and the requested move. John breathes for a moment and gets closed, resting his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades and holding onto his hip. He doesn't puts his arm around him because he doesn't want Sherlock to feel trapped. But his way he can feel Sherlock's chest gently raising with his breath, and he can hear his muffled heartbeat.
'Thank you.' is the quiet response.
He's already turning in Baker Street when she answers.
and he understands what the yellow thing was aimed to. The pink one isn't perfect, some loose ends poking out, but it is clear it is a tiny shoe. A newborn shoe.
‘I was trying to make it work, ok? He was an evident obstacle!’
They all blink at each other for a second. Brent yells 'COME RIGHT HERE!'.
He covers Sherlock's hand with his own. 'What do you like?' he asks gently.
John sees something he had no idea about, and has some of the usual problems.
Sherlock inclines his head like his brain is doing heavy work. He looks confused enough for it to be true, John thinks. 'You're not sure you want her to come back.' he says suddenly, like it startles him.
'And a daughter.'
John knowing the proper terminology doesn't really matter, in the end. Sherlock Holmes is dead.
‘Of course not John, do keep up.’ oh there it was, soft Sherlock but still didn’t take stupidity. What a strange combination. ‘They are going to talk, Janine will plant the seed of the idea. That’s a powerful thing, as you’re aware. After that, David will come—‘
'Hey.' John says softly.
'Not an option.'
He hates walking on eggshells because he's awful at it.
And John knows it must be painful for him to admit that. 'It's not a simple explanation.'
John has some troubles in paradise.
'Call her the gun-licensed minion, then.' Sherlock shrugs.
The front door bell rings loudly, making them jump out of each other.
He can't run away. Opening the front door to the living room, without any mobilia to hide behind, exposes him instantly. So he just clasps his hands at his back and faces George Hammond-Webb.
He moves to the box of his desk stuff, still set aside in plain sight, takes the papers hidden there for god knows how long now, and hands them to Sherlock. He reads them confused at first, lips moving as he reads silently to himself. He shakes his head a bit and goes back to the top of the document. John waits.
As usual, not betaed not brit-picked not first language, any mistakes feel free to correct (and explain)!
'I should offer you tea, but I think we both deserve something a bit more… hm.'
He raises an eyebrow. 'Really? That little thug is your idea of proper help?'
He meets with Mycroft down the corridor. Along with him there's a woman he knows he hasn't seen before, but somehow she is quite familiar. Blond, large blue eyes, something about her nose. Then he realises.
Heart skipping a bit, he follows Sherlock to his bedroom. This was the third time he would sleep there. The first being when the detective was in the hospital again after revealing the truth about Anna ("She's away now, forever."), the second being last night, after spending an embarrassingly long amount of time hugging Sherlock because he is the most perfect human being, and now.
what's going on, how Moriarty is playing with his mind using puzzles, and he doesn't seem to understand what John observes, that Sherlock is not this person Moriarty is making him to be, even if he believes it.
John puts his palm over Sherlock's whispering mouth. 'You studied the solar system.'
'That's the problem.' he complains. 'I definitely don't want her doing that. Mycroft already put surveillance there and in the nearby. At the same time we can't warn Anna without disclosing we know about her past with Moriarty. We have to watch her closely.' he then jumps from the sofa. 'And I have lots of files you'd like to see. Such a nasty criminal! Check this!'
'Sometimes...' he says in a very small voice, which is so uncharacteristic it makes everything worse. 'It crosses my mind. I suppose I delude myself until the point I… can't control anymore.'
Not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
Having dropped her he goes home. There's still time to take a shower before leaving for work. He will take the bus today instead of cycling. Mary is blow drying her hair when he enters their bedroom.
'Yes. And employs emotional manipulation so you can keep Mycroft from her.'
'I suppose that's what your brother and I are doing, isn't it?' he answers stiffly.
Anna looks disgusted, frowning her nose. They reach Baker Street soon, thankfully. It crosses his mind to ask her to go home without him, but she's hot on his heels, so he leaves it be. Sherlock goes upstairs immediately, probably trying to conceal his state. Mrs. Hudson doesn't seem to be at home.
‘It's not like I can do much. I would call him on, trying to make him admit
He keeps dozing off and only realises after he opens his eyes and the light through the window is different. He feels very weak, and doesn't manage to yell for help again. His skin is clammy and he shivers from time to time. It starts to get dark again, and he thinks that after being harassed by a criminal mastermind, jumped off a building, being tortured in multiple occasions all around the world, being shot by his best friend's wife, almost overdosing in middle flight, and suffered an attempted drowning by the wife's old colleague, this is a very stupid way to go.
“Good luck,” Mycroft says, his tone as silky as ever.
Sherlock allows it and kisses back, but when John closes the distance between them and slips his hand underneath the waistband of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms to knead his buttock, he pulls away, panting and red-cheeked and, John thinks, looking absolutely delicious.
“I love you,” I repeat. “And I will until the day I die.”
He practically rips the clothes off my body as soon as we get to the bedroom, but when he attempts to use the same speed on himself, I hold his wrists and slow him down.
"Rosie will be gone for a few more hours?" I inquire, just to make sure - and to show him that
calls, two of which ended in phone sex, which was, in itself, not a bad thing, but definitely not enough. It’s all far from enough.
“No,” he replies and turns their hands around so that she can see his wedding ring.
Leave me alone!"
“More,” Sherlock demands, and there are real tears in his voice now. “Please—
Sherlock licks his dry lips and glances up at him.
“Now that you put it like that…”
I lean down to lay another long, soft kiss on your lips. I wish you’d respond, only one last time. I wish I’d taken my time to kiss and hug you properly this morning. I wish the last time I had you inside me hadn’t been a week ago. I wish I’d told you how much you mean to me before you left the flat to investigate, like you’d done a thousand times before. I wish I’d known you’d never come back.
lie now and make it one, and would that maybe make it all good again? John isn't sure.
His mind is blank.
"I thought it was Moriarty," he says before Sherlock can speak again. "I thought he was back to finish us off. I was---
, Sherlock wants him, now,
I know we’re in a pickle, but how surreal is this?
Groaning through clenched teeth, my name on his lips, he presses his forehead against my cheek and shakes through his orgasm. He's soaked in sweat, all his muscles tense and quivering, and his release is searing hot on my skin. His hips are moving in tight circles now, along with the waves of pleasure that run through him, and I loosen my grip on his shoulders and put my arms around his back instead to caress him with long, calming strokes. I listen to his gasps and the low, squelching sounds of his penis slipping against mine, and to my own heartbeat that's pounding in my ears.
to appear mildly interested.
Sherlock tilts his head to the side, still staring at him.
He's stroking his beard, lost in thought.
"Sherlock," John murmurs and lies down next to him to put his arms around him from behind. "Sshhh…"
"Hmmpf… John?"
His brain is right, of course.
That evening at home, John cooks dinner while Sherlock plays a round of
"Please…" Sherlock says. "Touch me."
Sherlock leans his forehead against John's and rubs their noses together.
“Tell me what you’ll do if we find such a spot,” he murmurs and caresses my stomach.
He breaks off when Sherlock starts to follow his lead and joins him in a slow rhythm of back and forth, and with each thrust it becomes easier to go a little deeper, get a little closer to each other. After the fourth, fifth, sixth time it finally happens,
Sherlock averts his eyes and shrugs.
"I know," he whispers.
John is glad that Rosie was present when Sherlock slumped forwards, a dead weight that, despite his thin frame, would have been difficult to catch if he'd been on his own.
Sherlock nods, his arms falling to his sides to prop himself up against the bed.
" John suddenly blurts out, and Sherlock feels his body go rigid beneath him. "Oh God! Oh
,” John whispers into his ear, over and over again. “Mmh, baby,
– John is sure that his younger self could have come from listening to it alone.
Sherlock bites his lip and shrugs, his fingers sliding into his lover’s silver-blond hair.
He sounds so calm, so reasonable. My throat constricts in fury and despair.
"That's the first time you've said that since… before," Sherlock replies lowly, his mellow tone belying his aloof exterior quite spectacularly.
six-year-old in the face who has the audacity to say something rude about our daughter, or only a select few?”
"No," he mouths.
His train of thought stops abruptly when Sherlock takes his right hand and puts it back between his legs.
That might be a bit much at this point, so he swallows it down.
He licks his lips and gestures vaguely with his chin, not fully ready to let her go yet.
this much in all his life, but he doesn't dare, not yet, not this early.
I’m shouting now, my face only inches from his, and I hope Mrs Hudson is out – I don’t want her to hear this. I’m embarrassed by the way I’m handling the situation, but I can’t help it. He has to tell me. He has to see that I need to know.
"Did you sleep at all in the last three days, Sherlock?"
And John would have let him.
Sherlock's smile is younger now, softer somehow, and so pure that John wants to cry.
But there are other times, too. Times when John feels sorry for Sherlock, when he watches him struggle with his inability to read a face or, even worse, when he sees him being oblivious to the derisive looks or remarks directed at him, and those are the moments when he feels his heart break for him.
is lying before me, shattered, and I know I’ll never be happy again. Never again.
And there goes
She reaches up to pull the towel off the hook by the sink and covers his exposed groin with it, then pulls a mobile phone from the pocket of her cardigan.
It’s bizarre, especially after me being so overwhelmed by all of this not even half an hour ago, but somehow this conversation feels normal now. I shake my head. I’m clean, and I trust that if he asks like that, he’s aware of his own status as well.
It seems to take forever, but then, finally, they’re there, and John holds Sherlock very close and rocks him, ever so gently, back and forth in his embrace. His lids flutter open again.
"Sherlock," he whispers and thrusts faster. "Sherlock--- my love…
"Sherlock…"
He returns his friend’s gaze and slowly opens his legs to make room, and the right corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches upwards in a small, barely noticeable smirk. He shuffles closer and puts his hands on John’s thighs, his fingers digging into the muscles with gentle force.
We kiss.
“I know,” he murmurs ruefully. “Sorry.”
"Yes," Sherlock replies, lowering his voice to a sultry drawl. "And who knows... I might find a way to get you to rejoin the proceedings after a brief refractory period... I haven't tasted you yet, after all..."
“You underestimate the complexity of the motives I’m capable of. Can’t it be both?”
He's almost there.
But there are no words of apology right now. There's only a black void of guilt, filling him, seeping from his intestines into his limbs, his head, like tar, choking him, enveloping his heart and bearing down on it until it hurts.
John laughs and surprises himself with it.
I’m inside as deep as I can go, finding that he’s completely slack and open for me, while the rest of his body seems to be wound up as tight as a spring.
we're doing this, would you?"
I want him to bite me again, but I don't know how to ask for it. Turns out I needn't have worried - he seems to be able to read my mind.
“We need to lock the door,” he says throatily, his nose almost brushing my own. “It’s too dangerous.”
of you, Sherlock…
The slick wetness between their stomachs and chests is beginning to cool down, leaving their skin sticking together everywhere. It should be uncomfortable, but John finds that he doesn't mind at all. Their hearts are beating against each other through so many layers of flesh and bone, synchronised, slowing down as tension dissolves and satisfaction settles in.
Then she starts to cry and walks away.
I mean it. He’s so special – being the one he wants makes me feel special, too.
It's tearing him apart.
“I honestly
“How could they not? You’re brilliant. You were amazing.” John smirks at him. “I believe there were quite a few mums you impressed as well. And…” he winks facetiously. “It helped that you wore the purple shirt.”
… You managed…”
Only one time, about two weeks after the dreams had started, he allowed himself to give in to it. It was a rainy Sunday morning and he'd woken up with a raging hard-on, and when he reached down to do something about it, Sherlock was suddenly right there with him, whispering into his ear, running his hot tongue along his neck, then down to his nipples, and John, still half-asleep, just went with it. He drew it out, imagining Sherlock's hands all over his skin, his cock, and then he climaxed, and it was so good, so much better than anything he'd ever done on his own before, and it disgusted him so much that he swore to himself he'd never do it again.
him yesterday, making him feel so good, so loved and complete and
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he tells him, tears prickling behind his lids. “I didn’t know. I never meant to--- I’m
Flashbacks of other mornings like this pass by his inner eye, mornings of days long gone. Sherlock on all fours on the bed, inviting him for a quick shag before work. Sherlock joining him in the shower, murmuring sweet nothings about masturbatory fantasies coming true into his ear. Sherlock like this, exactly like this, reclining against his pillow, staring down at him and stifling his shouts as he comes down his throat.
“Mmhhh, oh
I reach for his throat and feel his pulse. His skin is still warm. It's so soft against my fingers.
He utters a sound of agreement that is something between a moan and a grunt and kisses me again. His fingers make short work of the row of buttons holding up my trousers while I finally rid him of his shirt, and then everything happens very fast.
John's knuckles still hurt from repeatedly colliding with Sherlock's face last night, but the satisfaction it offered him is almost completely gone by now. Now a strange kind of emptiness has started to fill his insides; it's been wafting through his mind like grey fog, accumulating around his heart like it wanted to suffocate it, and no matter what he does, the feeling just doesn't go away.
“Fuck,” John groans under his breath. “
“Thanks, babe. I love you too.”
“Are we done talking?” Sherlock wants to know, his long fingers wrapping themselves around the metal frame of his armchair in a gesture so sensual that John’s cock twitches at the sight.
Slowly, Sherlock goes a little deeper, twisting his hand. It's burning, but it doesn't hurt - it's just
“Fuck,” I curse and turn in his arms to press my mouth against his and taste myself on his lips. Our tongues entwine once more in a wet, lascivious kiss that leaves me breathless and lightheaded. “Take me to your bed now,” I tell him, my voice sounding strangely gravelly to my own ears. “I can’t--- wait any longer. See what you do to me…”
"No!" I sputter. "Of course I didn't! Nothing happened!"
. I see. Oh Sherlock. I’m sorry. I’m
“I don’t think I am,” he replies, his jaw set.
The onslaught of it all is almost too much for him, even though he wouldn't stop doing this, touching John, kissing John, for the world. Even if it drives him out of his mind. Even if they'll never do this again after today.
Mouthing the words, his heart bursting with love.
…" he hums.
, John thinks wildly as he goes a bit deeper, running his tongue around Sherlock's shaft, which feels so familiar in his mouth, every ridge and vein having been mapped out a thousand times, every sensitive,
“Yes, hi, Rosie. Why are you keeping your daddy up, hm?”
"Can it?" he asks, still holding Sherlock's head. "All of it?"
"They weren't lying," is all that Sherlock can think to reply, and then John pounces, attacking his neck with his lips and his tongue, and his hands are still in his hair, his nails raking along his scalp, and he melts into it and lets himself go.
; he's lost it for real this time, and John is supposed to just play along. Despite everything Sherlock has done to him.
interested in men – believe me. He sized me up the moment I entered that office, and he liked what he saw."
When he loosens his grip on John’s arse, John groans and shakes his head.
that - his little lapdog going down on his hands and knees for him."
John wants to raise his head, but Sherlock presses his chin against it and keeps him down that way.
“Some of them had families, John,” he rasps. “Wives, husbands, children. What would I tell them if I met them?”
He makes no move to rise. Instead he looks up at the older man with what he knows John will interpret as his “bedroom eyes” (he says he likes them like that) and reaches behind himself to slip his hand into the slit between the seat and backrest of the couch. When he’s found what he’s looking for, he pulls it out and holds it up for John to see. It’s a small bottle of lubricant.
It comes out muffled.
Sherlock’s gaze softens at that, the fine lines around his eyes crinkling, though he still looks slightly embarrassed. “All that matters to me is what you think of me, John,” he says, very quietly. “You and Rosie.”
He just hopes that time is soon.
"Fu---
"I will. I
He's smiling at his daughter right now, handing her a piece of buttered toast, and I steal a long look at his face and wonder what his cheeks feel like now. Not that I know what his cheeks feel like
“John,” he sighs, his eyes fixed on mine. “I should warn you. And not only because, liberal though the law may be, public intercourse of this sort is still a criminal offence, even in France. I have several years of celibacy to make up for, so... be aware that you're playing with fire."
It's warm and comfortable, lying next to him like this, with the other man's face so close to his own and his naked limbs brushing his side and thigh, heavy with sleep, and he allows himself to bask in it for a minute or two, telling his brain to shut up when it informs him that this won't last and that it will only hurt worse the longer he draws it out.
