“You were crushing on one of the Dad’s of your students?” Sam chuckled, making Deans face heat even more in embarrassment. “Was he a DILF?” he said chuckling even more. Dean was about to tell him to go fuck himself when he realized something. Sam didn’t seem surprised he was gay.
Cas looked dumfounded for about 5 seconds before he threw his head back and laughed. He laughed until he calmed down and started choking on a sob. He tried to calm down fast but a few tears leaked out.
Dean scampered to the bedroom and undressed everything except his red thong riding high up in his ass. He sank to his knees; wrists crossed behind his back and dipped his head in the perfect submissive pose.
didn’t know. Charlie’s did though. She had come out to them in high school and luckily, they had been supportive. Dean was happy it had gone well for her. He still wasn’t so sure how it would go for himself, and he knew time was drawing nearer for him to come out to his parents. He didn’t want to be one of those middle-aged men who were still in the closet. Maybe once he had a boyfriend- an actual
“Oh….” He heard before the line grew silent. He began to grow worried when Cas didn’t say anything further. He tried to pull himself together quickly.
"In the future...I don’t want that much prep. I like when it stretches, when it has to be forced in a little. Is that okay?" Dean sounded embarrassed to be asking, averting his eyes.
“Um…okay, yes that w-would be acceptable.” Cas felt his ears heat. He couldn’t believe this hot man wanted to go out with him.
“Th-that sounds good.” Dean choked out around the lump in his throat. “I’d uh…I’d like to be your boyfriend.” He answered softy, while his insides were screaming for joy. He couldn’t help the smile that continued to grow on his face, and the warmth that spread through him.
“You’re the one who suggested it Dean. And if this is about you ‘experimenting with your sexuality’” Goddamn Dean loved when Cas used air quotes. “Then obviously you should be the one doing the blowing. So… go on, blow me.” Cas finished with a smirk, almost like he was daring Dean, or calling his bluff. But Dean wasn’t bluffing; he really wanted to try this. So, he got down on the floor and shuffled over to kneel in front of Cas. He looked into those baby blues he was so fond of and he reached for the waistband of Cas’ pants and slowly pulled them down to release his cock, which was beginning to harden up. He stroked it a few times in his fist to get it the rest of the way there.
“Yeah, alright? Yeah you’re a DILF Cas.” He grudgingly admitted, face about the shade of a tomato at this point. And the conversation had been going
“Serious offenses? Some shoplifting and vandalism…certainly not anything I’ll be killed for.” Dean slowly stepped closer, green eyes twinkling. “Besides, I got what I wanted.” He smirked.
he had a
They both made their way to the couch and sat on opposite ends, Dean still holding one hand behind his back for some reason Cas wasn’t sure of.
He internally chided himself before shaking his head.
"Of...age?" Dean tilted his head, trying to understand
“Long enough. Did you mean it Cas? Are you really in love with me?” He asked with baited breath, hope filling his heart as he waited for Cas’ response.
He pocketed his phone and turned his key in the ignition, before pulling out of the spot and making the 15-minute drive to the restaurant. It was a bit of a run-down, family style place that served burgers and similar type of food, and had a bar in the corner. It had always been one of his favorite places to eat, especially since the owner Ellen was a long-time friend of his mom's. He pulled into the parking lot and shut off the car before making his way inside. He waved hello to the bartender as he made his way to the booth in the back corner- his regular spot.  He’d been coming there so long, that he never had to wait to be seated, he was basically family anyway.
"Fuck Dean! Your hand feels so good." Cas exclaimed as he fucked up into Dean's fist making Dean smile. Dean bent his head to take Cas inside his mouth, sucking up and down his length, and moaning around him.
, we’re drinking tonight.” Dean declared loudly. Cas could hear him shuffling around in the kitchen cabinets before he made his way into the living room and plopped himself on the couch beside Cas, two glasses and a bottle of whiskey in his hand.
"Nothing. Everything's fine Love." Cas tried to plaster on a convincing smile.
Dean blinked at him, eyes glazed over and tears spilled down his cheeks, drool smeared on his chin and chest and the floor. "Yes, master. Couldn’t help it." He was cheeky even when he had basically no voice, hoarse.
“Fuck. Shit. I uh…I can explain.” He babbled nervously as he tried to cover himself with his hands. He felt the blush heating his cheeks at being caught like this; his secret now out of the bag. He watched Cas stride closer to him, and closed his eyes tight, waiting for Cas to tell him what a freak he was and that he no longer loved him anymore. He felt his eyes well up and a tear escape as Cas leaned close.
Dean just smiled a little, "You should have just asked, Cas."
"Would you want your brother to hear your submissive sex noises? How is that even a debate?" Dean looked away again, grabbing the towel and walking to the kitchen to toss it into the trash.
“Dean it is then. I'm, uh, I'm surprised to see you here. I thought you were a student volunteer this summer at the fair when you were in the dunk tank.” He probed further; voice laced with confusion.
Dean peeled off his clothes and plopped down next to Cas, snuggling into his arms.
"I can already tell you will be a bratty sub. And I will punish you for that which I'm sure you will love. But for this dinner, I want you to be real. I don't want an act. Sure, I chose this restaurant that I didn't know you were too young to drink at. Which apparently means I don't know much about you. And I hope to rectify that soon, since I hope this whole thing has been real." Cas replied.
“Ok cool.” Dean beamed. “So, uh, when do we start?”
Dean paused, setting his fork down again. "I'm out. I just didn’t think you were interested. After all, I'm just a kid. Maybe you just like to play.” He replied coldy.
“Here, I brought a bottle of wine. I know how much you enjoy your grown-up drinks.” Dean teased, referencing one of those times Bianca embarrassed him.
“Oh…” Cas uttered, taken by complete surprise at Dean’s confession.
Bianca had been very excited when he told her that Dean was coming over their house for dinner. She seemed to really like him, and that made some of the anxiousness over dating the other man dissipate. He hadn’t been kidding when he told Dean that it was difficult dating as a single parent; Many men had said adios after meeting Bianca, not because of anything she did, just because once the fact that he had a kid was right there in their face, they realized they wanted no part of it. He guessed many of them assumed that he was one of those dads who only had their kid on the weekends or something, rather than full-time like he did. He had a good feeling about this though. Dean and Bianca already knew each other, having spent six hours every weekday together for three and a half months. They also both seemed to like the other. Cas just hoped that would carry over into a more personal level outside of the classroom as well.
“Mhmm.” Cas hummed in agreement as they lay there together. Dean heard Cas’ breathing even out and realized the other man had fallen asleep when he heard a small snore. Fuck he wished he could keep this forever. Just the two of them laying together like this was exactly where he wanted to be. His last thought before sleep took him too was that he was definitely irrevocably in love with Castiel Novak.
“Yeah, that was…that was awkward.” Dean chuckled. “She really keeps you on your toes huh?”
Dean grunted, but scrambled to obey, presenting his ass like he was being inspected, even reaching back to hold his cheeks open so his hole was on display, still red from the day before.
He thought about it. Did he really want to try it? He knew porn wasn’t exactly accurate, but it always seemed like it was pleasurable. “Um…yeah. I uh, I do. It probably sounds dumb but, I feel like if I don’t than I might be missing out, ya know? But I do have, uh questions.” He inwardly cringed at himself. It was true he did have questions, but he knew this was going to be an awkward conversation. He really didn’t want to have to ask, but he knew Cas wouldn’t laugh at him, and like they always say “If you can’t talk about it, you shouldn’t be doing it.”
The rest of the week of school went about the same as the first day. Cas sent Bianca off on the bus each day, before coming back home to work in his home office. At least he was finally able to concentrate a bit more on his client’s website, now that he knew his daughter was in good hands and he didn’t have to worry so much about her. Unfortunately, he often found his thoughts drifting to one particular green-eyed young man. No matter how much he tried, he couldn’t help but picture that damn wet tank top clinging to his perfect frame. His hand had been getting a lot of action the last few nights.
They both lay there together, sated from their lovemaking as their breathing slowed down and they fell asleep wrapped in each other’s embrace.
“My name’s Dean. Can I help you find a tree?” The man introduced himself and held his hand out towards Cas, who shook it.
One of the perks about renting this place was that it had come fully furnished, which was perfect since he had been unable to take any of the furniture from the apartment. Bart had purchased all of it, so Cas would have been left with nothing if this place had been empty. The house itself was absolutely beautiful as well. It was a two story, cottage style home, and had two bedrooms on the second floor. The main floor had the kitchen, dining room, living room and bathroom.
"Just breathe, Cas. It's always been older men for me." Dean leaned against him again.
September and October flew by before Dean knew it, and suddenly it was Halloween already. He had finally gotten into the swing of things in the classroom, and he fell in love with most of his students-
“Don’t worry, this is something for both of us to enjoy.” He assured him. “But you gotta give me like ten minutes to set it up. I’ll text you when you can come in the bedroom.”
"Good boy. I'm going to give you a choice now since you are behaving so well. I know you want me cock in your mouth. I can either put this ring gag on you and fuck your face, but you have to remain still and take what I give you. Or, I could let you suck my cock how you want with no restrictions and you can do it exactly how you want and even touch me while you do it. Which one do you want my love?" He asked as he carded his fingers through Dean's hair.
Cas finished cooking and set both plates of food down for them to eat. He made himself comfortable in front of Dean and watched his boy start eating, even though he couldn't make himself eat. He was too nervous.
“Awesome!” He beamed “And hey, since we already…uh, have our cocks out, wanna have sex?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows salaciously. Cas laughed at his dorky roommate.
"You asked me not to. It was hard, but I can be good when asked." Dean tucked himself under Castiel’s chin. "I'm assuming you have work tomorrow?”
Cas lifted Dean's legs up and put them over his shoulders. The new angle allowed him to hit Dean's prostate dead on. He could tell when he thrust in and Dean screamed. He hit that spot over and over and slowly increased his speed. "Are you going to come on my cock like a good boy?" He asked as he pounded into Dean.
Dean hummed, chuckling a little as he rolled over and pushed Cas onto his back, pulling down his boxers and taking him in hand.
"Yes master." Dean licked his lips, "But even if I gag, go further. I want you to really fuck me until I can’t talk." Dean held his mouth open waiting for the ring gag, curling his tongue in a filthy manner.
Dean leaned into him slightly, "Sorry, Cas. I'm being a jerk. I'd try for you. I don’t know if I could...perform, though”
“Yeah.” Cas agreed, as he attempted to catch his breath. Hot was an understatement. He didn’t know how he was going to make it through anymore of this without wanting more than Dean was offering though. He knew it was just sexual for his friend. Dean would never want him the way Cas hoped he would.
That’s what had led him to finally clicking on that damn video. He wanted to see if any of it would turn him on. And oh boy did it! It hadn’t stopped at one either like he had told Cas. No. He had ended up watching at least five different videos that night and jerking off to the point that his dick became sore. What a revelation that night had been. He couldn’t remember ever coming that hard from any of the straight porn he had watched over the years. It had freaked him out a little too, realizing he wasn’t straight, but once he had a few days to think on it, he realized it wasn’t exactly a new development. He was just finally old enough that he didn’t feel like lying to himself anymore. He was almost thirty for crying out loud. If he wanted to have sex with a guy, so what? And the truth was, he really did. He wanted to have sex with a guy; and not just any guy, he wanted to have sex with Cas.
“O-Okay.” Dean breathed out, sounding intrigued by the idea. “P-put one on your laptop then.” He said as he sunk back into the cushions. Cas quickly grabbed his laptop and fumbled with the keyboard to pull up his favorite site. He scrolled through the thumbnails to find one that looked good. One caught his eye of two guys sitting on a couch together, jerking off next to each other. Perfect. He clicked play and relaxed back into his side of the couch.
“Dude. I’ve figured you were gay for years.” Sam scoffed. “You have always had male celebrity crushes. It wasn’t that hard to figure out.
“Yeah I know Mom. This damn quarantine sucks.” He agreed. “We’re good though. I got Cas here for company. That’s uh…” He rubbed his neck nervously. “That’s actually something I wanted to talk to you about. Something I gotta tell you.” Fuck he was so nervous. At twenty-nine years old, he was finally about to come out to his parents. He felt like he was at the edge of a cliff, about to jump off, and he just hoped they’d be there to catch him.
“Fuck! Cas…” He moaned as his cock was deepthroated. His boyfriend bobbed his head up and down his hard length, his tongue wrapping around the head at each pass. His toes curled as Cas flicked his tongue just right under the head of his cock, before pushing it into the slit of his dick. “God, your f-fucking m-mouth.” He moaned, hand reaching out to grab a fist of Cas’ hair.
“Yeah, th-that sounds like a plan.” He agreed.
“Yeah Yeah, Charles.” He grumbled back, blushing, as he climbed back up onto his seat above the tank. He pushed thoughts of the older man out of his head and tried to focus on the kids at the booth to avoid another lung full of water. The last thing he needed was to drown in a damn dunk tank because he was thinking with his downstairs brain. He most likely would never see the other man again anyway, and even if he did, its not like Dean would have a shot. The man was most likely straight. Plus, Dean was a 22-year-old closeted gay virgin. Not really much of a catch. So, he shook himself out of those thoughts and spent the rest of his time in the tank not thinking about those blue eyes.
Dean opened his eyes and looked into the pools of blue in front of him. Cas was smiling at him and Dean felt a surge of intense feelings flow through his body.
Unfortunately for Cas, his first day did not, in fact, get off on a good foot.
Castiel was very pleased at how sensitive Dean was. But he continued down his body towards Dean's cock. And once he reached it, he swallowed his cock like an expert.
He eventually cried himself back to sleep, praying he hadn’t fucked things up irrevocably.
"Well, I said I love you for putting thought into this." Dean didn’t seem to notice the big deal with what he said.
“What do you mean?” He asked her.
"With the amount of sex, we have I sadly have to agree." Dean snorted, a huge shit eating grin on his face.
“Ok, great. I will text you later this week with the details. I look forward to our date.”
"No, no, no Dean. I’m not kicking you out." He said as he pulled Dean up into his arms. "What I’m trying to say is, we should have had a serious conversation before we jumped into sex. A Dom and Sub relationship is more complicated than a vanilla one. That's why I wanted to know if you have ever actually been with a Dom and have any understanding of the dynamic."
He was confused as hell about why he shouldn’t open his bag till he was alone, but at least Sam got pie and alcohol; two of his favorite things. He walked off to his own room and shut the door behind him. He made his way to the bed and plopped his ass down before pulling the shopping bag onto his lap. He reached into the bag and pulled out the sweater that was nestled in tissue paper. He had to turn it around to see the front, and when he did, he felt the color drain from his face. He blinked a few times, thinking maybe he was seeing things, but nope. The shirt said exactly what he thought it did. How did Sam know? He had been keeping this secret for over twenty years now and he thought he had hidden it well. But apparently, his Moose of a younger brother was smarter than he thought.
“Yeah, but that’s exactly why its never a good idea.”
“Eh, no biggie. You’ve met Charlie. She lacks a filter most of the time too.” Dean shrugged with a smile. “So, Gabe, you own this place?”
They had already been driving for about 4 hours and Cas still could not get the image of Dean in short shorts, bent over the impala out of his mind. He had shifted in his seat multiple times to hide his erection, hoping he wouldn’t give himself away. He didn’t think he could last 6 more hours before he could have his way with the other man, once they checked in to a hotel room. His balls ached and his cock pressed painfully into the zipper of his pants as he pictured his boyfriend bent over again. Damn those freaking shorts.
Dean snorted, "Alright, gotta admit you got the bad end of the deal." He followed Cas into his car and buckled in.
“Well, that one is from a mold of my own penis.” Cas said nonchalantly. Dean dropped the dildo in his hand and through some magical fumbling, said toy didn’t fall on the floor.
“Come on Dad.” He whined “Do we really have to do this?”
“You like that Dean? You like me fucking you bent over your own car? Where anyone could see?” He taunted the other man as he continued to piston his hips at an assaulting pace.
“I have a shirt you can borrow to change into.” He offered, pointing to the drying come on Dean’s shirt. The other man looked down and laughed.
Cas just rolled his eyes at the two of them, but at least they were laughing and getting along.
“Hey Cas! How’s it going today?” Charlie asked, her usual bubbly self, making Cas smile.
“What? What do you mean?” He asked, breaths still heavy from the kiss.
Cas was just finishing typing up the last of the financial report he was currently working on, when he heard his roommate’s loud footsteps coming down the hallway from his bedroom.
“Don’t fucking tell me to calm down Cas!” Dean glared at him, although not very effectively, considering the blush on his cheeks and his state of undress. “Y-you can’t just… fuck.” Dean cursed under his breath, running his fingers through his spiky brown locks.
With trembling lips Cas breathed out a quiet “Yes.” He stared at the bedroom floor, tears welling in his eyes. This was it; the moment Dean would tell him their friendship was over. He hadn’t even in a million years expected what came next. Dean rushed to him and crashed their lips together, pulling him into a passionately heated kiss. Cas froze in shock, before his lips got with the program and he kissed back, titling his head to deepen their kiss. It lasted till they both had to come up for air, and Dean pulled back before resting his forehead against Cas’.
“Hey, so I figured I should probably introduce myself already. The name’s Dean.” Cas would deny it till the day he died, but he let out a scream that could rival that of a teenage girl.
"Because we always meet here since you live alone." Dean said matter of factly as he stretched his slender body, spine arching.
" I’ll let you cook anytime you want love." Cas said as he kissed Dean back. "Did you eat though? Are you hungry? Or do you just want to come lay down with me?" he asked.
Dean whimpered into the kiss, licking his lips when Cas pulled away. He had never resented dinner so badly in his entire life.
“God, fuck Cas y-you’re so, uh…so tight.” He chocked out. They both took a minute to get used to the feeling before Cas began lifting up and sinking back down, making Dean moan at the tightness gripping his dick.
The three of them made polite, though stilted, conversation, before Dean decided he was tired and wanted to head home. Cas wished them both a good night, before making his way back to his brother. As he reached their table, a hand grabbed his bicep, turning him around, where Charlie stood before him, face set in determination.
“Wow. Well good for you Dean.” Cas smiled. “So, um…where does that leave us now?” He asked shyly.
*******************************************
“You get used to it.” Cas replied, and Dean hoped he did. He hoped he had plenty of chances with Cas to get used to it. One could only hope.
thorough shower, here he was, naked, face down and ass up in Cas’ bed while Cas kneeled behind him. His boyfriend (
"Are you sure you actually want to be with me Dean? And I’m talking about dating and not just a one-night stand.” Cas said seriously.
Dean started to feel bad. He didn’t intend to embarrass his friend; he was just so caught of guard with the whole thing and found it hilarious. He forgot how insecure Cas was at his ‘lack of people skills’ as he always put it. Well, he’d have to make the drive over there to apologize. Maybe if he embarrassed himself a bit, Cas would feel better.
Of course, Dean talked with his mouthful Cas thought as he chuckled. "I'm glad you like it Dean. You deserve good things."
They drove and pulled up to the Roadhouse. Castiel knew Dean would feel most comfortable there.
“How are my two boys?” His mom asked. “I feel like I haven’t seen you guys in forever!”
“Blowjobs.” He blurted out simply, in his usual classless way. He watched as his roommate choked on air before turning to Dean with his classic bitch-face on; the one he used when he was annoyed at Dean for something.
They disconnected the call and Cas waited anxiously until he heard a knock on his front door. He let Dean in and they made their way to the couch, leaving space between them. Cas watched Dean wring his hands together, looking uncomfortable, but he didn’t want to push him. He waited the younger man out until he finally seemed ready to talk.
He made his way down the stairs to wait outside for his Date. He didn’t want Cas coming to the door and risk his parents finding out he was going on a date with a guy. He had just told them a friend was picking him up to go out to a club so they didn’t question his choice of outfit.
"Bacon cheeseburger with fries." Cas smiled at Dean.
Cas came up behind Dean and wrapped his arms around him as he kissed his neck. "I do appreciate you taking care of me then, sweetheart."
“Um… not sure, never-uh- never done this before.’ He stammered out as he stared up at the Greek god between his legs.
Dean gave a soft little moan, nosing along Castiel’s stubble. "I want to take it in my mouth next time. Maybe a ring gag just in case?" There was a playful, smirk like tone in his voice.
“Fuck Cas! Yes!” Dean screamed as Cas hit his prostate, relentlessly pounding the small bundle of nerves.
He finally made it to the school with only minutes to spare, and ran down the hallway to his new classroom. Most of the kids were already there and got a front row seat to the hot mess that Castiel was that morning. ‘So much for making a good first impression’ he thought bitterly.
“Sounds like a good time.” He said politely.
“Hey Cassie, How-” Gabe began, but Cas interrupted.
“Me too Cas.” Dean smiled shyly.
Cas was smiling fondly before he slowly leaned in. Dean’s eyes closed in instinct before he felt soft lips touch his own.
Castiel woke up and immediately checked his phone. He was sad to see he had no messages. He had hoped Dean would have messaged him. Apparently, he was right that Dean only wanted him for sex.
Dean gasped with the yank, blinking at him. "No sir, but it was right there and I couldn’t resist. " he gave Cas a pout.
Cas looked down at the floor. He could feel tears building in his eyes and he really didn't want Dean to see. He was supposed to be the tough one, god damnit!
“No! No, no I meant, um… I meant I wanna fuck you.” He rushed to clarify, face heating in both embarrassment and arousal. The thought of being fucked intrigued him, but he wasn’t quite ready for that yet.
He was so lost in thought that he never saw the next kid in line throw the ball and before he even realized what happened, he found himself under water again. He quickly re-surfaced, coughing up water he had inadvertently breathed in from not paying attention.
"You're such a bad liar. Was the sex that bad?" Dean ran fingers through Castiel’s hair.
They exchanged numbers and agreed to a date after the holidays. As Cas settled into the driver’s seat of his car, he couldn’t help but mutter “Merry Christmas to me.”
Cas hurried to the bathroom and ran the water. He added some oil and bath salts. He quickly went back to the bedroom and picked Dean up bridal style and carried him to the bathroom where he gently set him down in the water and then climbed in and settled behind him, pulling Dean's back against his chest.
“Oh good. I’m glad it came already. I hope you like them.” His best friend said sincerely, and Dean couldn’t hold back his laughter any longer. He held the phone away from his mouth as he roared loudly, tears again falling down his face.
“I see.” Officer Novak lead Dean by the cuffs into the back of his patrol car. He was definitely not gentle when he threw him in the back. Oh well. After everything Dean put him through, he definitely deserved it. He moved around to the front of the car and got in. He looked in his rear-view mirror and saw the confused look on Deans face. Apparently, he didn’t expect Novak to actually put him in a patrol car. Novak chuckled inside because he knew Dean definitely wouldn’t expect what he had planned next.
"Good. Great. A little dizzy, floaty." Dean murmured, pulling back to blink pretty green eyes at Castiel with a little smile.
“Oh, Okay good.” Dean heard what sounded like relief “How is next Friday night? I could pick you up at 7 and we could go to dinner?” The other man asked more confidently than before, uncertainty gone from his voice.
"You chased me down and cuffed me." Dean pointed out, and Sam sighed, "Dean, you're an asshole."
“I think I ruined my friendship with Cas.” He mumbled, rubbing his hand down his face.
“Fuck you are so hot Cas. Your ass is so damn sexy stretched around this vibe.” Dean growled breathily; voice full of arousal.
Dean swallowed, his throat amazingly sore and raw, just the way he liked it. He was completely in subspace, willing to do whatever master wanted. "Yes master. Do it rough." He smirked.
?” He heard a familiar voice behind him, causing him to turn and stare into the face of the man he thought he’d never see again.
“Good, they uh…they were really supportive.” Dean smiled and Cas felt relief for the younger man.
“What did you do?” She demanded, glaring at him with such anger that he was taken aback. He had only ever seen her bubbly, and didn’t even know she was capable of such venom in her voice.
When Cas walked back to his bed, he was shocked to find Dean in the position he was. He didn't tell him to hold his cheeks open, but that's exactly what he had been planning on telling him to do. A part of his heart warmed up thinking that Dean was absolutely perfect for him. He settled himself behind Dean and ran his finger down Dean's crack. "Have you ever been hit with a riding crop Dean? " He asked as he dragged said crop between Dean's cheeks.
Cas spent the rest of the afternoon unpacking all of his belongings and finding a spot for them before he finally collapsed on the couch. He’d have to go grocery shopping tomorrow, but for now, takeout would have to do for dinner. He pulled out his phone to google what was nearby, before he decided on Thai and placed the order.  When it arrived twenty minutes later, he paid the delivery guy, making sure to tip him well, and he dug in, absolutely starving from hours of unpacking cardboard boxes. The food tasted delicious and he made a mental note to remember this place for the future. Thai food was his favorite, and he knew he would definitely be ordering from this place again.  Once he finished eating, he put the leftovers in the fridge and sat down to call Gabe, who made him promise to call him once he was settled in.
"I also promised I would cook you dinner. I was planning on making burgers. And I have a pie in the fridge if you would like some after." Cas said as he made his way to the fridge to pull out the stuff he needed.
"I was telling the truth. I like being used, to be pushed past what I'm used to." Dean sighed. "But I understand what you're saying. And obviously I did something really wrong.”
Dean ran himself into a corner and swore, stared up at a blank wood wall, and then turned and grinned at the officer when he caught up.
Dean just laughed. “See? It was no big deal!”
"Store closes at 9. Do you want me to come back here?" Dean asked, taking the last sausage.
“Um, yes…yes it was…fun” Cas mumbled in response, giving Dean a small smile in return. “Are we, um…good?” He asked shyly.
Dean washed his face and pulled on pants before walking out, pausing when he heard the music. "Well this isn’t your usual jam. What's the occasion?" Dean peeked at what he was cooking.
“Um… No. Actually I don't. How do I not have your address yet Dean? We've been seeing each other for over a month now." Cas was kind of surprised he didn't know where Dean lived yet.
“Yeah, well…I wasn’t expecting a tongue on my ass.” Dean grumbled, still trying to calm his body down.
“Did you hear about the new gay sitcom coming out? It’s called ‘Leave it, It’s a Beaver.’’’
“Don’t. I’m glad she did. I will admit I was very surprised though, when she came back in the bar to give me your number last week and told me. I had no idea you returned my attraction to you.” Dean didn’t think his blush could get any worse, but he apparently had been wrong. Just hearing Cas say he was attracted to him so matter-of-fact had his heart racing, and his palms sweating. He took a big gulp of his drink-
Dean laughed as the water angle hit him straight in the face. "Well, you are taller than me." He grinned and moved to the side
Tomorrow he would start his teaching position at the Middle Country Central School District as a 7
Dean chuckled, "You should have just asked for this if you wanted it."
“I’m sorry.” Cas said, not sounding the least bit like he actually was. “I didn’t mean to make you jump.”
"Fist me, master. Put your whole hand in me." Dean begged, hooking two fingers in himself and spreading his hole wide.
Dean paused in the doorway, turning around, still wearing Castiel’s boxers. There was an expression on his face Castiel had never seen before. "Don’t you ever tell me that I've lied to you about my sexuality again. Ever. It's taken me a long time to come to grips with and talk to my family about after how I was raised. So, fuck you, and fuck you for thinking I'm lying." Dean threw the egg he was holding at castiel, snatching up his clothes and stomping out the door.
Dean chuckled, continuing to hit his very sensitive prostate. "Now you just have to deal with painful overstimulation until I finish. Your loss.”
Dean screamed out, body clenching around Cas and shuddering. "Fuck, Cas. Yes!" He whined.
"The sex was amazing Dean. But…Did you like it?" Cas asked shyly.
“I’m sorry. I just feel like I’ll be taking advantage of you seeing as I am 15 years older than you. But it doesn't make me want you any less” as Castiel talked, the waitress delivered their food and they ate in silence. Castiel felt out of his depth. He hoped Dean would still want him once dinner was done.
He figured he should have been over Castiel by now. He hadn’t seen the man in two months, and they had only really been acquaintances anyway; They hadn’t even been true friends. They had only had very brief conversations every afternoon, but Dean missed those conversations terribly. He had apparently been having a pity party too long, because Charlie finally sat him down and told him he needed to get over it and move on. Hence, her brilliant idea of dragging him to this bar. She insisted he needed to try putting himself out there and get himself a boyfriend so he could stop pining over his crush.
“Damn…” Dean blew out a breath. Cas had been so young and had to raise a baby without a partner. “That had to be hard.”
“He’s probably straight first off. Plus, why would someone like him want a 22 year old virgin. Just forget it Red. Its not like I even plan on dating right now anyway. I’m still in the damn closet for Christ’s sake!” He argued back.
“No Dean, I can’t accept this for free!” Cas protested but Dean cut him off.
His grumpy mood carried him home and he stomped his way up the stairs to his room before he slammed his door behind him and fell on his bed miserably. He decided it was a good time for a pity party, so he pulled out his phone and scrolled to his playlist of Led Zeppelin songs he liked to listen to when he felt like crap. He let the music wash over him as he thought of the blue eyes, he would no longer see every day. He had no idea how much time had passed when he heard a knock at his door.
Cas let Bianca drag him around the Children’s Carnival, just like he had every year before, and he felt a strong sense of Déjà vu. Two years ago, he had been in this same spot, and he had no idea that day would change his life. He had no idea that he would end up meeting the love of his life that day, right at this very Carnival. He smiled as his daughter dragged him to yet another ride she wanted to go on.
“Okay, okay, geeze! Chillax Cassie. I’ll be on my best behavior.” He gave a mock salute, that had Cas rolling his eyes. Just then, the front door chimed and in walked his boyfriend. He watched Dean look around before catching Cas’ eye, and the younger man made his way over to their table, a grin on his face.
"Stop I am paying for dinner." Castiel said as he pulled out his wallet and laid down enough money plus a great tip. He left the table as Dean followed him out to his car. He turned around and looked at Dean.
“My apologies. I should have asked first. I would like to open you up with my tongue first before I stretch you with my fingers. May I do that Dean?” Cas asked, voice gravely with arousal. Dean felt his cock twitch where it was trapped below him.
“Yeah, yeah that sounds good. I’ll be over in like twenty minutes if that’s okay?” Dean sounded relieved.
“Its me. I just need s-some space. P-please.” He felt a tear drop down his cheek and he turned so Dean wouldn’t see.
The rest of the night, he replayed his conversation with Dean over in his head, smiling as he remembered how passionately Dean had agreed with him. He was still surprised at finding out the few nerdy things he now knew about the younger man. He wondered what else they had in common? He figured he had plenty of time to find out when he saw the man each afternoon. Where he initially dreaded the thought of having to see Dean every day, now that he knew they had some things in common, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. He could at least make friends with the man, even if he couldn’t have him the way he wanted. Something was better than nothing after all.
“Hello Dean. Please come in.” Cas smiled as he stepped aside and held the door open for the other man. Dean came inside and Cas shut the door behind him.
"You've always liked older men?" Cas asked curiously.
Cas sat on his living room couch, face still red, in both mortification and anger. He was mortified at himself for sending Dean a sex toy and misinterpreting what he meant. And he was angry as hell at his brother, who no doubt set him up for his own childish entertainment. Gabe was probably laughing his ass off right now knowing Cas would be embarrassing himself like this the Assbutt.
"More. Give me more please" Cas begged
When the shock had worn off, he packed an overnight bag and hightailed it to a nearby hotel, absolutely refusing to sleep anywhere near his piece of shit
Cas could tell Dean was pretty deep in subspace. So, he pulled him closer and fell asleep with Dean on his chest. Dean snuggled close, slowly relaxing and passing out as he laid on top of Cas.
“Ahem.... You must be Mr. Novak.” The man said, as he held his hand out for Cas to shake, causing the older man to shake himself out of his stupor to take the younger man's hand in his. As they touched, Cas felt a spark fly between them.
“Mutual masturbation…” Cas began to read. “But you have to hold a normal conversation. The first person to crack by touching the other or losing their train of thought has to give the…
“Have you ever fingered yourself sweetheart?” Cas asked as he rubbed the lube around Dean’s hole.
“I think you’re ready for my cock now.” Cas’ voice was deep and gravely, and Dean could hear the arousal of the other man clear as day. He heard the sound of the lube being rubbed over the man’s cock before he felt the blunt tip of it press against his hole. “Look at me sweetheart.”
Cas watched Dean walk out of the bedroom. He can't lie that he was a little disappointed. He did mostly love to Dom and fuck. But occasionally he also liked to bottom. But it appears that wouldn't be happening anytime soon. Guess he should just worry about making sure Dean's needs were taken care of.
“I…uh…I d-didn’t want you t-to see me like this.” He stuttered wetly, tears still stubbornly leaking down his cheeks no matter how much he tried to will them to stop. He was mortified at being caught, and terrified that Cas would leave him, now that he knew Dean’s biggest secret.
“Hello Dean.” He greeted. “I’d like you to meet my older brother, Gabriel. Gabriel, this is Dean.” He introduced the two men as they sat down at the table.
“I’m in charge of this booth and I say it allowed. So, can you do that for me Bianca?” Charlie smiled.
Cas growled in Dean's ear "It appears I still have much to teach you. Go to my room and strip. And I want you face down on my bed when in get in there. Do not leave me waiting or there will be punishment boy." Cas said as he let Dean go and went to the kitchen to get a drink of water before he followed Dean.
He had been chilling on the couch one night, watching Dr. Sexy, when Cas had stepped out of the bathroom in just a towel. When Dean turned his head at the sound of the bathroom door, he froze at the sight of his half-naked best friend. He remembered being mesmerized by the droplets of water that dripped slowly down Cas’ toned chest, catching on the towel wrapped around his trim waist. The sharp hip bones peaking out above the towel had him chubbing up in his sweats and he had had to discretely cover his lap with a couch pillow. Ever since that night, he began having a realization. What he thought was just a normal appreciation was actually attraction. And he was pretty freaking positive he was attracted to his best friend.
“Dean? W-what are you doing here?” He stammered in shock. Dean was here. Dean was
"I'll have to gather my stuff, but there’s not much to grab. Probably by next week?" Dean guessed.
He stood on his front porch until he saw an old Lincoln Continental pull up to the front of his house, and who he assumed was Cas in the driver’s seat. He made his way to the vehicle and climbed in the passenger seat.
Deans’ brows pinched into a confused expression “You, uh…you know this is a
Dean's gaze turned into a confused and wary look. "You're kicking me out, aren’t you?”
They both ate in mostly silence, only offering comments on how well the food was, but Dean was pleased to find that the silence wasn’t awkward. It was rather nice to just enjoy a meal in the other man’s company, sharing small smiles between bites. Before long the food was gone and the check came. They argued over who should pay-Cas insisted since he invited Dean that he be the one to pay- and Dean finally relented after Cas agreed he could pay for a future date.
“Are you gay like Papa?” She asked Dean, and Cas watched a small blush appear on the younger man’s cheeks.
an assbutt. Cas had apologized profusely, scolding his daughter who just said “But Daddy! You call Uncle Gabe that all the time!” Cas had again blushed as he dragged his daughter out of the school again, muttering to himself as he went.
"What time are you working till tonight love?" Cas asked as he ate his food.
"Um...well yeah...I mean that's what I thought we were." Cas replied uncertain. "But if you don’t think we are there yet its fine."
Cas rubbed his hands up and down Dean's back as his boy calmed down.
He stood up and stretched the kinks from his back, before he made his way from his office to his kitchen to grab a bottle of water. He glanced at the clock and realized it was later than he thought, and he needed to pick Bee up in an hour. He chugged the water and grabbed his keys, deciding he would stop at the convenience store again, before he went to the school. He needed a pick-me-up, and he was becoming addicted to the danishes the store sold. The cheery red-head, Charlie also helped brighten his moods. It was impossible to be around that woman and not have some of her energy rub off.
“I will. I uh…that, that was fucking hot Cas.” Dean said breathily, voice deep and husky.
“Very well.” Dean agreed, squeezing Cas’ hand in reassurance.
“I love you so much too Sunshine. You make me happy.” Dean smiled back,
“Fuck, Cas. I don’t know what’s gotten into you but I am so on-board right now.” Dean replied breathily where he was pinned down.
“Yeah bro! He’s probably anxious about the auction ya know? The vibrators will help him relieve some stress and relax.” He could hear Gabe trying to hold back his laughter, but he didn’t think much of it. His brother was rather immature after all. “Just go online and have a few sent to him. Trust me he will be so grateful.”
The week went by, both too slowly, and too fast for Dean. Between classes, and picking up a few hours at his Uncle Bobby’s garage, he stayed busy; counting down the days until Friday and the Big Date. He mood constantly shifted between nervous and excited, rarely sticking to one before flipping to the other. The funny part is that the reasons he was excited wer the same reasons he was nervous.
Cas had just rolled his eyes in annoyance before insisting they both get checked out for STIs and Dean reluctantly agreed. That ended up being probably the most awkward doctor visit of his life. He still couldn’t look at a q-tip without shuddering after getting the inside of his junk swabbed. Luckily, they had both been disease free. They had had a few more make out sessions on the couch, but they still hadn’t gone any further than jerking each other off.
"Would you like to be my valentine." Cas choked out.
"Yes sir." Dean gave him a cheeky grin and turned to climb into his car.
Shaking his head in confusion, he stood back up and turned back towards the bathroom sink, freezing as he did so. There, on the mirror above the sink, was a crudely drawn penis, complete with ejaculate spraying out of the tip. “What the fuck?” He pondered aloud. How the hell did that get there? How was any of this happening? He was so ready for this day to be over.
Cas pulled Dean hard against himself to hug. "I thought you wanted your own space so I was afraid to ask you to live with me." He admitted.
Dean tilted his hips up, trying to get Cas to hit where he wanted him to touch. "Faster, master, please." He groaned, frustrated with the slow pace and tears jerked from his eyes with every slam in.
Dean nodded, "I'll walk you to your car." He took Cas’ hand, following him to his car and standing tiptoe to kiss him. "Be safe at work.”
Castiel was staring at the entrance of the restaurant, praying that Dean actually showed up. He was nervous. Dean was literally his perfect match. He loved bratty subs. Most Doms he knew hated a sub who was bratty and found any reason to punish a bratty sub.  Not Castiel though.
“Hi Bianca. Please, call me Dean. I’m not your teacher anymore.” He told her kindly, causing her to wrinkle her nose.
“Here’s the deal Cas. I’ve had a thing-a uh…a crush- on you for years. So, I was thinking, maybe we could use one of the toys you bought me together?” The other man asked, determined, but with uncertainty clear in his voice. Cas’ heart felt like it stopped. Dean had a crush on him? And wanted to engage in sexual relations?
“I’m sorry Gabe had to cancel last minute.” The regret was clear in his voice. They had originally planned to go to a comedy club for an early afternoon show, but Gabe got called into the bakery he owned with some last-minute problem he had to take care of, so they had no one to watch Bianca.
“Whatcha got there Sammy?” He nodded to the bags in his brother’s hands.
“Fuck yes.” He screamed. He couldn’t wait to feel the cum inside him.
“Hello Dean.” Cas smiled shyly as Dean buckled himself in.
“Y-yes. Yes, I am. If, that’s…um…. something that would, interest you?” Cas affirmed, voice lifting up in question at the end.
Cas heard a knock on his front door. It was 10pm already. He hoped it was Dean. Although, Dean was supposed to be there a half hour ago. He got up off his couch and opened his front door.
“Dude…. I-I’m sorry…. b-but that…was hilarious.” Dean wheezed out. Cas felt his own lip twitch at the younger man’s amusement.
Cas just laughed. He knew he was going to have his hands full with Dean. And he looked forward to it. They pulled into the Diner parking lot and went inside and got a table.
"Fuck yeah...make sure I gape open and fill me with your come, Daddy. Fuck your boy.”
“My uh…my parents don’t know I’m g-gay” He stammered, embarrassed to admit that. Cas would probably rethink the whole age difference thing now.
, when he finally does, Cas acted like a bumbling teenager with a crush, instead of the thirty-year-old man that he was. And now he would have to see the young man every day at pickup.
“Wha-what do you mean by official?” Dean said hesitantly, causing Cas to make a frustrated noise in his throat.
"I made it. It's nothing big. Costs less than dinner." Dean waved a hand. Inside was a metal dog tag on a necklace chain with a masculine heart design, carved into the metal flawlessly. Cas opened the box and gasped. He could tell Dean made this and that he put a lot of time into it. He carefully lifted it from the box and put it around his neck.
“I was thinking, since you are gay and all, maybe we can like, ya know, experiment together?” Dean replied hesitantly. When Cas just sat there staring at Dean in silence, he began to feel insecure. “You know what? Never mind, that was stupid. Forget I even said anything.” He rushed out embarrassed and began to stand up so he could rush to his room. Before he could take a step though, Cas’ hand reached out to grab his wrist.
“Because I need to take care of business. Just do it.” He snapped, rolling his eyes.
“Yeah, I hear ya. My brother bugs the crap out of me sometimes too, but he has my back. I uh… I actually just came out to him a couple of months ago and he real cool about it. Actually, it was kina funny, he didn’t care that I was gay, he just teased me about having a crush on one of my student’s parents and asked if you were a DILF…” Dean’s babbling cut off and his eyes shut tight as he prayed a hole would appear below him and suck him right in. He felt his face get hot again and it was the deep gravely laugh that made him open his eyes and look up at Cas. The other man had his head back in laughter before he looked in Dean’s eyes; lips turned into smirk.
"Oh. Um ok. That's good." Cas felt dumb again. He knew he loved Dean but he wasn't sure if he should say it now. He wasn't sure if Dean was saying he loved him or not. Or just loved what he did.
“If that’s something you’d like to do, I’m absolutely on board. But you know we don’t actually have to do that right? That just because we’re gay, that doesn’t mean we have to engage in anal sex. There are a lot of couples that never do.” Cas explained, making Dean’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
Miss Moseley had bought a cake for him and the class had all gave him hugs-a few kids even cried- and they all told him how much they would miss him. When the end of the day arrived, and he walked the student’s out to meet their parents, he had to plaster on a fake smile, so no one would know just how much it was killing him that this was his last day. It must not have been too convincing though because Cas took one look at him, and his brow pinched in concern.
One-time Dean had been drinking a bottle of water as they left the classroom and Bianca told him to make sure he didn’t drink it in the car because you should never drink and drive. Cas had been there for that one and Dean had watched him try to explain that that was only for grown up drinks. Bianca’s response to that had been “Oh! Like what you drink at night when I give you a headache!” Cas had turned bright red and Dean had laughed so hard at Cas stammering and quickly guiding Bianca out of the school.
“I know. I know okay?” He sighed. “I didn’t anticipate catching feelings though.” He mumbled.
“Oh, that’s…that’s too bad. I’m sorry to hear that.” Dean was surprised to see that Cas actually did seem genuinely sorry too, and was that disappointment in his voice? No, Dean had to be reading that wrong. He was probably just projecting his own feelings onto the older man. There was no way he was actually sad about Dean leaving. He wasn’t crushing on Dean like Dean was to him, no matter how much Dean wished he was.
Dean was eating pasta, and watching Cas pick at his, when he finally set his fork down. "Okay, what is it?”
“Are you sure?” His own voice was faring no better.
“Hello Charlie.” Cas smiled at his friend.
"That's my good boy. If you can be good the whole time, I promise, when I do let you come, it will all be worth it." Cas said as he started running his hands up and down Dean's bowed legs.
“Dean is trying to win an eBay auction and he asked me to send him ‘good vibes’. I am unsure as to what he is referring. Do you know?” He questioned his brother, hoping he could shed some insight.
“Cassie, you know you’re being ridiculous right?” Gabe rolled his eyes as Cas let him inside.
“Ok, so I have a little surprise for you.” He said to Cas.
“Of course, whatever you want Dean. But I do have one condition.” Cas told him.
Dean whimpered, body arching and cock leaking. "Please master, may I cum?” He begged.
"Welcome to the local make out spot." Dean grinned at him
"You could have just done this at my place you know" Cas grumbled as he took the box of chocolates. He did think it was sweet for Dean to go out of his way. But he didn’t need to make such a fuss.
Cas smirked "Yes I’m aware. I still need to teach you patience boy"
“What?” his daughter asked excitedly.
“You okay?” Dean asked in concern, halting his movements.
“Gabe!” He scolded through gritted teeth.
So far, everything they had done together had been amazing and Dean had loved every minute of it. It was official; he was definitely bisexual. He had no doubts about that fact now. But he wasn’t ready to tell Cas that yet. Not because he was worried about judgment, of course; that would be silly. No. He wasn’t ready to tell Cas yet because he didn’t want this new thing between them to end. The whole experimenting together thing was supposed to be so that Dean could figure out for sure if he was bi, and if he admitted he was, then he would have no excuse to do anything sexual with Cas. He’d have no reason to see him naked, or touch his hot as fuck body anymore. He wasn’t ready for that.
“Soooooo….” she trailed off as she wiggled her eyebrows teasingly.
"Meet me at the Roadhouse at 6 tonight then little boy" he responded.
“Gabe, I swear I didn’t write that. I was in the kitchen the whole time.” Cas tried to assure his brother, while slowly freaking out inside. This was the second time there had been something written on the mirror. His face must have given away how serious he was because Gabe’s shoulders dropped and he began to look a little less skeptical.
“Okay, this is probably gonna be Hella awkward, just so you’re warned.” He pointed a finger at Cas, making the other man chuckle.
"I want you to strip and lay face down on the bed." Dean said calmly.
“I’m very glad you asked me on this date Cas. I uh…I’ve been, um… kinda crushing on you for…uh… awhile now.” He confessed, fiddling with his fingers nervously, where they rested in his lap.
“Cas?” His voice faltered “Uh, how- how did you um, get my number?” He chewed on his bottom lip.
They pulled up into the driveway and Cas cut off the ignition, before he turned to look at Dean.
"OK Winchester, I'm going to uncuff you and let you go and pretend thus arrest never happened. And I'll give you my number. But I don't want you to feel obligated to do anything. That wouldn't be fair, given that I have authority over you right now. So I want you to go home and really think about what you want. And whatever that is, I will not hold it against you. But please, for the love of God, promise me you will stop committing stupid crimes." Novak begged. He really hoped Dean would message or call him once he got home. But he didn't want to hope too bad in case he was disappointed. So he unlocked Dean's cuffs and let him go. And then he drove off, hoping against hope that he would hear from him.
Dean looked at him with glazed eyes and licked his lips, “Huh?" He blinked, resting his head on Castiel’s chest. "So good.” He slurred.
“What?” Cas asked curiously. Dean didn’t answer with words though; he gripped the front of Cas’ shirt and pulled him into a gentle kiss that had the older man’s nerves lighting up. He reached his hand up to Dean’s face and tilted his head to deepen the kiss. His tongue slipped out to probe at the younger man’s lips and Dean opened up for him; their tongues twirling together in a delicious dance.
Cas felt Dean slowly drift off to sleep and smiled. He felt himself drifting as well. He could only hope that when they woke up from their morning nap, Dean would still be here and they could really make something of this. Only time would tell.
Dean smiled, "One day, after Sam graduates, I'm going to move somewhere I can breathe."
a Star Wars Fan?” He squawked indignantly. “Dude understatement. They are my favorite trilogy of movies!”
“We jerk off, together, but we have to have a normal conversation while we do it. Whoever loses their train of thought first loses.” He repeated slowly. “It ain't that hard to understand Cas.” He scoffed, “I saw it in a Meme. Here, look… I'll show you…” Dean pulled his phone out and fiddled with the screen before turning it around to show Cas. “See!”
"You have permission to come now Dean" he replied as he continued to fuck Dean hard and fast now. He felt the beginnings of his own orgasm building.
“Ha! You lose” Dean beamed triumphantly, and Cas realized he in fact had been so lost in thought, causing Dean to win.
"Yes sir." Dean purred, "Shall I just lie here? Put on a show? Or I can make brunch." He ran his hand over castiels chest, teasing.
"Fuck I shouldn't have said anything. Never mind." Cas hid his face embarrassed.
“G-go for it.” He managed to squeak out through the tightness in his throat. He felt Cas pull his cheeks apart again, and his tongue swept a wide stripe across his tight hole. The feeling was incredible. He had seen enough rimming porn to know it was supposed to feel good, but this was unreal. Cas repeated the broad swipes of his tongue, making Dean shake as his hole was licked over and over. He couldn’t hold back the moan that left his lips as he felt the tongue press in gentle, just barely breaching his tight ring of muscles.
When they reached the restaurant, they were seated immediately, lucking out that there was no wait. The waiter took their drink order and both men glanced at their menus in silence. Once they ordered their food, and the waiter took their menus away, Cas glanced up at Dean.
“Id love to Sam” Cas replied with his own smile.
"God, I love you so much" Cas said as he pulled his love into a passionate kiss.
” or “Mr. Winchester
"Not super soon." Dean still looked puzzled as he gazed at Cas. "Are you okay?”
“Well, I don’t want to rush you Dean.” He said, causing the other man to roll his eyes.
"Then why the hell didn't you say that months ago? Why didn't you ask my out months ago? Why did you have tp torment me for months? You've been a thorn on my side since the first graffiti you did. I wish you would have just told me how you felt." Cas saif exasperated.
“Fuck, me too.” Cas admitted through gritted teeth, his orgasm was so close and he struggled to hold it back. “Can…can I please touch your cock.” He begged the other man, not wanting them both to end up with a mess inside their jeans.
“Cas! Hey its so good to see you! You haven’t been in the store in forever!” The red head squealed excitedly before punching Cas’ arm playfully.
"Inside me, now." Dean groaned, wiggling his body and taking short breaths, insanely turned on.
grade English teacher. He was lucky they had a position open and hired him almost immediately after an interview over the phone. He would have liked a few days to really settle in to the new house before he had to start working, but unfortunately, they needed him to start right away. With that in mind, he decided he should probably go shower before he relaxed in bed with a good book before he went to sleep.
Dean whimpered, "So good. Fuck… so good." His body slumped happily under Cas, panting softly.
"Dean. I love it. Thank you so much love." Cas said quietly in awe of the man he was pretty certain he was now in love with.
So sorry that I haven't updated in awhile! I've been struggling with my mental health this month. But here is the next chapter! And I should have another chapter posted later today as well.
Dean smiled, kissing his lips. "I need to clean up a little.”
Dean dried off and went to follow him, looking at him sadly. "I really am sorry.”
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline. “Didn’t mean to get your panties in a twist princess.” He replied.
“Yes, Charlie might have mentioned that.” Cas’ grin turned sly as he revealed that bit of information, making Dean groan as the tips of his ears burned.
“Dude, don't be such a drama queen. This is a good thing! You’ll get to see your crush everyday now.”
“Why would Sam tell you to get me a sex toy?” Dean questioned as he wiped the tears from his eyes.
“Yes…. sir.” Dean whispered as he followed the Angel’s command. As soon as he stepped out of the car, Cas was on him like lightening, grabbing him and throwing him face-down over the hood of the car, pinning him down with his body.
"You love when Daddy fucks your ass and splits you open don't you?"
“And you’re okay with that? Because its fine if you aren’t Dean. I’ve dated people that were cool at first with me having a kid, but then once the reality of what that meant set in, they bailed. I-I know this is only a first date and everything, but…. I’d rather know now whether or not you see this going anywhere, rather than a few months down the road.” Dean really wanted to hug the other man, seeing the resigned look in his face. He had obviously been hurt before, to be giving Dean this speech right now.
"I promised I wouldn't and you promised me cock." Dean turned to him, setting the jar on the counter and setting the ring gag in Castiel’s hand.
Dean sat in the passenger seat of Cas’ car as Cas drove them back to his house. The anticipation of what they had planned was growing as they got closer to their destination. He had put it out of his mind during dinner; too focused on making sure everything went smoothly between his parents and his boyfriend. But now that he had nothing to distract his thoughts, he was a mess of emotions inside. He was definitely excited, thinking about going all the way with Cas; The thought of the older man pushing inside him for the first time had him chubbing up a bit inside of his jeans. He couldn’t deny that he was nervous though. He knew there was going to be some pain, but he trusted Cas to take care of him.
that you found it so easily.” He sneered as he stood up from the floor and swiped his belongings out of Cas hand. “Better try harder next time.” He muttered as he stomped his way to the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind him.
They both awkwardly made their way through the crowded living room and down the hallway to Charlie’s room before they closed the door behind them. They both just stood there, neither knowing what to say before Dean couldn’t take the tension anymore.
February had turned into March, which quickly became April and things between Castiel and Dean were pretty good. After they cleared the air about Dean’s little…
that those damn shorts had caused. When he finally made his was back to the garage, Dean had already changed into proper clothes and they climbed into the car to begin the 10-hour drive to the vamp nest.
Cas squinted and his lips straightened into a thin line. “Is that a shot at me not being straight? Because I was under the impression you didn’t mind that. I’m not a princess, nor do I wear panties.: He deadpanned.
“I dare you to watch a gay porn with me.” He wanted to take the words back as soon as they left his lips. But when he chanced a glance at Dean’s face, he held firm.
Cas slowly pulled out till only the tip of his cock was left inside Dean and then thrust his cock back inside him hard and fast. He repeated this move again, hoping the hear lovely noises coming from Dean as he was stretched around his cock.
“M-move Cas.” He begged, needing to feel more. Cas pulled back slowly, until the head of his cock tugged on his rim, before he thrust back in again gently, making Dean moan at the glide of his cock. “F-fuck Cas” He moaned.
“Yes. Yes, yes yes.” Dean spoke between pecks to Cas’ cheeks, lips, and nose and the older man chuckled at his boyfriend’s antics. “God Cas. I was so bummed that we might not get to spend as much time together once I start teaching. But…
"Don't you try that little innocent act on me right now. You know what you did wrong. I guess you really like punishments huh? You didn't get spanked enough earlier?"
He leaned up a bit and grabbed both of Dean’s wrists before twisting them behind the man’s back as he fucked into him, using his wrists as leverage to pound deep.
“Oh wow! That’s how old I am. So, when you were my age, Dean was just a baby!” She exclaimed in awe, and Cas wanted to die right on the spot. This conversation just kept getting worse and worse. Thankfully, he was saved from having to reply by Mary calling them all to the table. Cas quickly guided his daughter into the kitchen and they all sat down. A young man was already at the table and looked up as they sat. He looked a bit younger than Dean, with shaggy brown hair.
“Well, I was trying to avoid us getting come on our clothes but too late now.” Cas chuckled through deep breaths.
Dean just stared at the shelf, and just like in the picture on Facebook, the shelf stood there with a shit ton of dildos on it. Now, he wasn’t a stranger to toys. He may have only recently acknowledged the fact that he was bi, but he had been using dildos for the last 5 years. If 4.5 of those years was him claiming he was a straight guy who enjoyed prostate stimulation, well, no one had to know. He had recently finally acknowledged that he wasn’t straight but that was neither here nor there.
“Yeah, that’s what Charlie said. I-I’m just not, uh… ready yet.” He confided in his brother, feeling lighter than he had felt only minutes before. A third person knew his secret and the world didn’t end. Maybe he’d eventually feel brave enough to tell his parent’s, but for now, it felt good that his brother knew and still looked up to him. He’d worry about the rest of the world later.
Cas couldn't wait to feel Dean inside him. It had been way too long since he had been fucked. Dean bit and sucked another mark into Castiel’s neck as he slid inside, slowly bottoming out. Cas felt so good once Dean slid his cock in him. "Fuck yes."
“Yes mother.” He said sarcastically as he rolled his eyes, even though his brother couldn’t see it. He loved Gabe, he really did, but the man can be a total mother hen sometimes.
“Wow, so you were, uh…pretty young then when Bianca was born?”
“What in the
Dean was done almost as soon as he started, swallowing his last bite and sitting back with a sigh. "You make a mean burger." His smirk returned, "But I bet your come will taste even better.”
; The young man whom Cas still nursed a massive crush on. The young man Cas had not seen for two months now, but who still featured in every one of Cas’ nighttime fantasies. It was ridiculous how much he was still hung on Dean, but no matter how much he tried not to, he couldn’t help but pine after the other man.
Dean thrusted over and over between Cas’ plush lips, feeling his orgasm building quickly. He felt Cas gently squeeze his balls as he thrusted deep into his throat and that was what tipped him over the edge. He was coming in Cas’ mouth before he had a chance to warn him, but from the deep moan Cas let out, he didn’t seem to mind. His body shook as he emptied into the other man; Cas sucking and licking him through it before the pleasure became too much and Dean gently pushed his head away. He was panting, trying to catch his breath as his knees finally gave out, and he slid down the door, landing on his ass in front of Cas.
“Okay. Thanks for the advice Gabriel. I will talk to you later.” He hung up the phone with his brother.
Cas had been getting suspicious of how Dean had been acting lately, and he knew it was only a matter of time till the secret spilled out anyway. It was just so hard to be around Cas and not be with him the way he really wanted. Movie nights used to be Dean’s favorite, but now it was like torture to sit so close to Cas and not be able to cuddle in close, or put an arm around the other man. Even driving here to the party, he had wished he could reach across the bench seat in his car and hold Cas’ hand in his. God, Dean couldn’t even count all of the times they stood close to one another and he had fantasized about leaning in and kissing Cas.
"So, when you were taunting me, was your grand plan to make me fall in love
“Hey Red.” He hugged her small frame tight.
“Hm.” Sam hummed in thought before Cas saw his eyes light up with an idea. “Oh, I know the perfect gift.” He exclaimed before pulling out his phone and scrolling to find it. He turned his screen towards Cas to show him the picture he pulled up. “Dean had mentioned he wanted this gun really bad Cas. This would be perfect!”
“Bianca! Mr. Winchester is here! Please come downstairs!” He yelled up to his daughter, as he made his way to the front door to greet the other man. Dean stood on the other side of his front door; a smile on his handsome face.
“I honestly had no idea.” Cas mumbled. “But I'm not complaining. I’ve uh… I’ve had a crush on you for years.” He confessed quietly, a shy smile on his lips.
“You look like a drowned rat.” She laughed at him. That was not entirely inaccurate. His clothes and hair were soaked. He hadn’t originally planned to be in the dunk tank, so he wasn’t wearing a bathing suit. He just had on a pair of denim shorts and a white tank. Luckily, he had brought a change of clothes in his car because he had planned on changing before they went to eat anyway.
“Your ass feels so fucking good Dean.” Cas growled in his ear, sending shivers of lust down Dean’s spine. He turned his head enough to capture Cas’ lips in his as the other man fucked into him harder.
“No shit? Wow Cas, I had no idea.” Dean exclaimed.
He finally heard his daughter’s loud footsteps trampling down the stairs and he just rolled his eyes. No matter how many times he told her not to, she always ran down those damn stairs.
"Are you free tomorrow at 6pm. We can meet at the Roadhouse on 4th street. And it's fine if you can't be good all of the time. I'll just have to spank my bad boy."
Cas pulled the item out of his pocket and held his hand out for Dean to see. “I was wondering, if perhaps…. you’d consider, um…moving in with me?” He asked, heart racing in nervousness as he waited for the other man’s reaction. Dean stared at the key in Cas’ hand and Cas watched a myriad of emotions pass over his face; shock, awe, disbelief, and what looked like hope, before his lips curled up in a smile.
“God, Cas, I’m gonna…fuck…I’m gonna come in my pants again.” Dean grunted out between rolls of his sexy hips. Every time their cocks rubbed together; Cas felt his orgasm getting closer.
He couldn’t wear this damn sweater! He wasn’t ready. He’d never told anyone this secret. He had always been too scared to. But obviously Sam knew. And if he got this for Dean, did that mean he didn’t care? Did it mean he accepted Dean? He was brought out of his thoughts by the feeling of vibrations against his leg. He pulled his phone out of his pocket, and with shaking fingers he unlocked the screen to see the text he had gotten.
“Fu-uck Cas.” He whimpered. He felt so full, so stretched open. It still hurt, but not as bad. He felt his muscles begin to relax against the intrusion and he took a few shaky breaths before he told Cas to move. His boyfriend began gently circling his hips, barely pulling out before grinding back in deep and after a few minutes, the pain began to fade.
"Fuck yes I liked that!" Cas yelled. "Fuck me. Please fuck me!"
"He arrested me." Dean replied in a perky tone so cheekily that it took all Cas had not to roll his eyes. Bobby and Sam didn’t even try though. They immediately just rolled their eyes.
Dean leaned forward against the divider between the back and front of the car. “Officer Novak, you shouldn’t be so rough.”
He was still beating himself up over it when he finally slipped into bed that night. As he lay there though, his thoughts started to turn towards how he remembered Dean at the fair, when he climbed out of the water, and his tight white tank had clung to his tone body. Before he could stop himself, Cas’ hand slipped down his stomach and beneath the waistband of his pj's, before wrapping around his slowly hardening cock. He began stroking himself as he thought of Dean’s body in that wet tee. He came with the young man's name on his lips, and as his breathing returned to normal, all he could think of, was how much more awkward he was going to feel the next time he saw a Dean, after getting off to thoughts of his young fit body. Fuck! He was royally screwed.
Castiel pulled back. "No, you aren't little boy. Not till I tell you you can." He reached for the lube and poured some on two fingers. Then pushed both into Dean's loosened ass. He made sure not to hit his prostate. He just wanted to stretch him enough to take his cock.
“I bet.” He replied. “I’m so proud of you Dean.” He told his boyfriend sincerely, and Dean blushed at the praise.
“Well then, how about this… I’ll give you the tree, and you take me out to dinner one night?” Dean asked, a shy smile on his face, and if Cas wasn’t mistaken, it looked like he was blushing too.
, than when I thought he was straight. He’s much older than me
Cas complied and continued eating Dean out. He loved watching Dean squirm and moan. He spanked his ass a few more times as well, loving the lovely shade of red it was turning.
“Heya Cas!” Dean beamed when the class reached where the parents were waiting.
“You don’t um, have to feel…. obligated, I just…. You know what? This was a bad idea. I’m just going to hang up n….” Cas stuttered before Dean interrupted his babbling.
“Ok good. Give me a few days to work on him and just make sure you answer when he calls.” She made him promise before she let him leave. He was still confused when he made it back home, but he felt a little less hopeless than he had earlier.
“Come on Sweetheart, knock me down. I could use a dunk in the water. Its so hot out here!” The young man called out. Bianca smiled and threw her first ball, completely missing the target. She pouted.
He made his way through the throngs of people huddled in Charlie’s apartment until he finally caught sight of his red-headed friend. She looked up and saw him as he made his way to her.
"What, about strawberry jam? I love it on toast. And yes, I bought it. Legally." Dean pushed past him into the house, chuckling.
"Don't worry Dean. Once we finish eating, I fully plan to fuck that pretty mouth of yours." He said as he leaned in and kissed Dean.
“Liar. Come on Dean, what’s got you all mopey.” She insisted.
"Take your Daddy's cock. Fuck you are such a cock slut for your Daddy, aren't you?" Cas asked out of breath.
"Oh boy." Cas chuckled. "You have no idea what you just got yourself into." He grabbed the ring gag and put it in Dean's mouth and secured the straps around his head. He was pleased that Dean put his hands where he told him. Dean's lips looked sinful stretched wide. Cas unzipped his slacks and pulled his cock out. He stroked it a couple of times to get it fully hard. He placed his hard cock in between Dean's lips and slowly slipped his cock into Dean's mouth. He got about halfway before he hit the beginning of his sub's throat.
"Might as well say it now." Dean shrugged, "Besides, just shows you're responsible.”
Cas chuckled lightly. He was so into what they were doing that he completely forgot he even told Dean he needed permission to come. "It's alright love. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself." He replied as he tightened his arm around his boy.
“I’m dead serious. I was…maybe 19 when it happened? Yeah, I think about that age.” He recalled, a small smile on his face at the memory. “I was on a date with a guy I had met in one of my classes and he drove us out to an empty parking lot, obviously planning on getting lucky. I was a virgin myself at the time, and like you, I didn’t tell the other guy. I didn’t even make it to the touching part before I embarrassed myself. Needless to say, that date ended quick and the guy never called me back.” He shrugged as he finished his story. He looked up at Dean and saw a small smile on the other man’s face. “I completely understand why you ran off the other night Dean. But honestly, you don’t need to be embarrassed. I’m pretty sure a ton of guys have had the same thing happen.”
be out right now; He wasn't ready. And at
“Relax, Dean. Everything will be fine.” Cas tried to reassure him. But Dean couldn’t help it, he was nervous as hell.
Cas slowly kissed down Dean's body. He stopped at his nipples and licked and sucked on them before moving down and sucking hickeys on his body.
“Nope. Nope we do not.” John quickly interjected as he got up from his chair. The rest of them stood as well and John held his hand out for Cas who took it.
Cas chuckled as well. "That's what take out is for."
“Oh, trust me Honeybee, this is a present for both of us.” He winked, rather badly if Dean was being honest. God, he loved his dork.
"You're fine, Cas. I promise." Dean tilted his face up for a kiss.
"Because I was always a one-night stand." Dean replied quietly.
“Okay. I, uh…I think that’s all I have. Thanks for, ya know, explaining it and stuff.” He was still embarrassed at the conversation, but at least know he knew what he needed to know.
“Well I need to be getting my little girl home. It was nice talking to you Dean. Have a great weekend/” He told the other man sincerely.
“Uh…yeah. Yeah I’m gay like your Dad.” He told her honestly.
“Look at me officer, don’t you see me? What does it make you want to do to me?” Dean ran his tongue over his lips seductively.
“It’s nice to meet you too.” He replied politely “I’m Castiel.” He introduced himself. “This is my daughter Bianca.”
***************
Dean just smiled, leaning to kiss Cas. "So, boyfriends, hm?"
His cell phone rang a few times-Cas’ name on the caller ID- but he sent each call to voicemail, not wanting to have to deal with it at the moment. Hell, he never wanted to deal with it. He would never be able to look Cas in the face and explain what happened without feeling like the idiot he was. Embarrassment and shame rolled off him in waves the entire drive back to his place.
“oh yes. Come in please. I’m Cas.” The man opened the door and Dean followed him inside, secretly freaking out about the whole exchange. He followed Cas into what appeared to be a living room and sat where he pointed into a seat on the loveseat.
"You're already giving me dinner." Dean's brows furrowed.
“Like a date?” Cas tilted his head in confusion.
Cas felt his cock start filling out. "Fuck baby, I don't know what you are doing to me, but I haven't gotten this hard again this fast in years." Cas said as he grinded his cock against Dean's ass.
“Yeah and I get to be reminded on a daily basis that he's so far out of my league, we aren't even playing the same sport. Plus, like I said last time, dude’s probably straight. It's not like I'd ever stand a chance.”
"Why wouldn't we be able to sleep over at your house?" Cas asked.
Dean stomach sank, and his heart beat fast. Had he been that obvious? He wasn't
“Sorry. I’m just so excited my boy has someone!” She apologized.
“N-no. I’ve n-never had anything in…inside me.” He stammered out, voice shaky with nerves and arousal.
, it wasn’t
“Yes. We’ve been making our way through your list.” Cas stated, head titled in confusion before he seemed to understand where this was going.  “Ah, are you here to try another item?” He asked.
Cas dropped to his knees in front of Dean and made quick work of his buckle, before he unzipped his jeans and palmed over the bulge in Dean’s briefs.
“Yeah, yeah…just…fuck…. just sore. Keep going.” He assured him. But instead of pushing in, he felt Dean pull out. Before he could ask why, Dean pulled on his hip making him roll over onto his back. Dean climbed between his legs and positioned his cock back at Cas’ entrance.
“It was, uh… fine. A little um… disappointed that it was-it was basically a
“What’s that?” Dean asked curiously, eyebrow raised in question.
“Well, I’m uh…assuming its not a problem since you already know about it and agreed to this date….” Cas ran his fingers through his hair in what looked like a nervous reflex. Well at least now his perpetual face-fucked look made sense. “I have a daughter-which you obviously know since you were her teacher- but I just want to make sure you’re aware of what that entails if we, um…if we decide to continue dating.” Cas explained, uncertainty clear in his voice.
Dean looked at him in surprise, head tilting “You mean you’d really want me more than once? You want me at all?” he asked in a small voice.
“Um…yeah. Yeah I have a…ah...a boyfriend.” He blushed, nervous about having to now tell them he was also dating an older man; a man with a
“Kissing, hand jobs, frottage…Ok I see you’ve done some thinking on this.” Cas said as he read the list Dean had made. He began to blush at some of the words, ‘anal’ in particular. “So, you, um…it seems you want to try a bit of everything.”
When Dean got back to his own room, he sat on his bed with his head in his hands. He had no idea what the fuck just happened. They had been having sex-
Dean looked taken aback but also, a little turned on. He was biting his lip and settling back against the seat, shifting as comfortably as possible.
"I guess we will have to rectify that won’t we?" Castiel said as he pulled dean into his arms and leaned down to brush their lips together.
"Fuck!" Is all Cas could say. He really hoped Dean would finish quick because he wasn't sure how much longer he could take Dean fucking him.
Dean debated this in his head but it only took a minute. Burgers and pie were his Achilles’ heel. "Guess I should have grabbed ketchup instead of jam.” He retorted.
"I wish you were here all of the time." Cas sobbed. "I miss you when you are not in my bed" he hugged Dean tightly.
"Hello love." Cas said with a smile.
He hadn’t been completely truthful though to his best friend. It had been no accident that made him click on that video. He had clicked it, knowing full well it was a gay video, considering he had purposely been browsing through the gay part of that site. Cas might know almost everything there was to know about Dean, but there was one thing he didn’t know. He couldn’t, considering Dean had only started really coming to terms with it himself, hence why he had been on that part of the site to begin with. Dean was pretty sure he wasn’t as straight as he always thought he was. In fact, he was almost positive he was bisexual. If he was being honest with himself, he had known this for about a decade, but he always just pushed those thoughts to the side, never really looking to close at them. Sure, he could appreciate a hot guy, but couldn’t everyone? Just because he could acknowledge when another man was good looking didn’t mean he was attracted to men, right? Yeah, he couldn’t even fool himself anymore. Especially not after a certain incident about a month ago.
“It was hot, okay! I kinda liked it.” He mumbled, and Cas almost didn’t hear it. Almost, but he had. He just stared at Dean, surprised at the admission. His roommate, his very
"Are you gonna come again my love? I'd love to feel you come on my cock while I’m pounding your tight ass. I want to feel you milk my cock when you tighten around it."
Dean gave a grunt as Cas finally shoved the last two inches in, panting with the effort and feeling like his hole would never close again after this. He took a few deep breaths and nodded, "Move sir, please."
Idiot. He was an idiot. Who the hell just blurts that out? He chastised himself, eyes cast down in embarrassment before he felt a finger tilt his chin up.
“Your secret is safe with me man.” He promised. “But I really don’t think mom and dad would care if you told them.”
“Yes, I turned 30 back in December. And you’re how old? I’m assuming at least 21 since they IDed you for that margarita you are drinking” Cas questioned in response.
“I-I’m here for the shelf,” He managed to stammer out as he stared at the Greek god in front of him. All he could concentrate on was the miles of naked skin in front of him. The man was wearing a pair of grey sweatpants that hung low on his hips and lent nothing nothing to imagination.
"Please touch me, sir." Dean's hands rattled the cuffs for a minute, dying to stroke himself.
“Ok sweetheart. Hurry up so we can get there on time.” He replied before he turned and walked back downstairs. He grabbed his keys and wallet from the basket by the door as he waited for her to come down. One thing he learned very early on as a parent was that he would most likely be late to everything now that he had a kid. The first few years were the hardest though. He had only been 22 when Bianca was born. She was the result of a one-night stand.
“Taylor Swift,
Dean whimpered, "Cas, if you don’t stop, I'm gonna come.” Dean warned.
*****************************
“What do you want Gabriel?” He cut to the chase.
“Okay, okay good. So, I guess I’ll text you later?”
Dean took a deep inhale and let it out. "Yeah. We can go.”  They both got back in the car and Dean drove them to Cas' place where they both went inside.
“Yeah, me too. They, um…they want to meet you. Said to invite you over for dinner next Sunday. You and Bianca.”
Cas got a drink of water, giving Dean enough time to follow his orders and then made his way to the bedroom. He was pleased to see Dean followed his instructions. He went to the side of the bed and ran his hand through his boy's hair. "Such a good boy following my orders. Do you remember your safe word love?" He asked.
Cas climbed into the driver seat of his car. He looked over at Dean and saw how free he looked. It made him happy. He hoped he could make Dean happy for a long time. He drove off from the Diner and towards his house. He was thinking of the exact scene he had planned for Dean once they got there. He only hoped Dean liked it.
“So, after all of that, you think you still wanna try?” Cas asked curiously.
They paid and made their way out of the restaurant. Sam and Bobby walked to their car, leaving Cas and Dean alone for a few minutes.
“Oh…um…Okay. If you think that would be best.” He stammered unsurely.
“Just go do your thing Cas. I don’t need to get out.” He gruffed.
“So, I was thinking…” Dean began nervously as he wrung his hands together. “We’ve uh, we’ve done the hand jobs and blow jobs. And uh…the whole frottage thing already…”
ass and thighs?” Dean taunted.
“This is not a game!” Officer Novak yelled flustered. “You have multiple serious offenses against you. How do you not realize how serious this is? This is not a joking matter.” Novak stated, his normally calm demeanor slipping. He has no idea why this one man got under his skin so bad.
So, yeah. To say Dean was on edge most of the week was an understatement. He stood in front of his bedroom mirror, as he buttoned up his shirt and tried to psyche himself up. The outfit Charlie had helped him pick out looked classy, without looking too dressed up. He had on a dark pair of black-fitted jeans, that hugged his body in all of the right places. It accentuated his “bubble-butt”- as Charlie had referred to it-, and hugged his bowed-legs snugly. He paired it with an emerald button-up, that Charlie had told him complimented his green eyes.  He styled his hair with a bit of gel to complete the look. Cas would be coming any minute and Dean was trying not to freak out and sweat through his clothes.
Holy shit. How could one guy be so perfect? The guy holding the door open was the hottest man Dean had ever seen. Dark brown hair and ice blue eyes that were staring at him had Dean week in the knees. The squint that accompanied those eyes was lethal.
"I need to be at the precinct at 7am." Cas replied. "So, I really need to be going now love." He frowned. He really didn’t want to have to say goodnight so soon. But he knew it was for the best.
“What…uh…what are you gonna do about it?” Dean asked breathily as his own cock began to harden, the panties barely containing his girth. Cas just grinned ferally before lifting Dean and throwing him on the bed beside them. He stripped out of his clothes and climbed on the bed gracefully as if he was stalking his prey. He gently removed the heels on Dean’s feet before blanketing the man beneath him. Dean felt their hard cocks brush together, pulling a whine from deep in his throat.
“Uh, y-yeah. Yeah. I…um…I just need to talk to you guys about something.” He stammered, wringing his hands together nervously.
` “Fuck, that was amazing.” Dean said.
“Like that’s ever stopped you.” Sam quipped making Dean chuckle.
"This car is shit and I know you agree based on the face you just made Dean." Cas laughed. " I'm really not worried about you crashing her."
“It’s fine.” Cas told him. But it wasn’t, not really. He desperately wanted that kiss and part of him wished he had let it happen. But he knew he had to draw the line there. Because, once he kissed Dean, there was no way he’d ever be able to stop, and that’s not what this was about. This was just helping his friend come to terms with his sexuality, nothing more. He needed to remember that.
“Oh, how
"Dean, baby, how much prep do you need to take me?" He asked. He didn't want to presume, as some needed a lot of prep, while others didn't like it and required none despite people assuming everyone needed a lot of prep. He wanted to make Dean feel good and comfortable.
“Fuck.” He whimpered, so lost in pleasure he couldn’t even think straight. His boyfriend’s tongue kept pushing in, fucking his hole, and Dean felt his body shaking from how good it was. “God Cas, just like that.” He babbled.
"I'm going to come for you Daddy. My ass feels so good." Dean groaned, fists clenching.
“Ugh fine. Yes, I found him attractive. Not a big deal. Not like it matters anyway.” He grumbled as he sank down in his seat. “It’s not like I’m ever gonna see him again. And even if I did, I highly doubt I’m his type.” He muttered self-deprecatingly.
“F-fuck Dean. I’m gonna come!” Cas called out as he tried to pull Dean off his cock, but Dean wouldn’t let him. He wanted to taste it. He was never as thankful as he was right now that he and Cas had already had the whole safe sex talk after this first started and they both were clean. He sucked harder on the head as he stroked his own dick and Cas gripped his hair tight. Dean felt the cock in his mouth swell up, and then he tasted the salty come that shot out, into his mouth. The first taste had him spilling over his fist, and he moaned, swallowing every last drop that landed on his tongue. He felt Cas shudder, so he pulled back and reached up with the back of his free hand to wipe the corner of his mouth. His knees were shaky so he turned to collapse on his ass against the couch.
“Yes! I knew it! I’m so happy for you guys!” She yelled excitedly. They talked for a few minutes before ending the call. Dean turned to look at Cas and reached his hand up to cradle his jaw.
“Please just leave.” He choked out; his throat tight with emotion. He felt the panic clawing its way through his body.
He was kissing
“No, about me being gay.” He clarified, eyes rolling in annoyance.
“I thought you looked familiar.” He said politely. “I’m Castiel. I’m sorry I don’t remember your name though.” He continued apologetically.
“Hello Gabriel. Yes, I’ve settled in. I spent most of the day unpacking, but it’s finally done now and I can relax the rest of the night.” He replied through a yawn.
"That's truly a shame love. You deserve to be taken care of and pampered. Especially after an intense scene." Cas replied sadly. It Dean deserved to be doted on and it was a shame that no one did that for him before.
“Y-yes Bee. I’m um… eight years older than Dean is.” He squirmed in his seat, uncomfortable at the scrutiny he could feel coming off John.
"I'm off next Wednesday and Thursday. Why?" Cas answered confused.   "Are you off tomorrow?"
"If going without a condom is something you would like we can definitely discuss that. You said you are clean right? And that you've been tested?"
“Dean, Sweetheart, two years ago we met here in this very spot. I had no idea just how much that day would change my life. I was…I was so lonely before you, and I didn’t even realize how much, until you filled that empty spot in my heart.” Dean could see Cas’ eyes tearing up to match his own. “You’ve welcomed us into your own family, and gave us something we’ve never had before. So now, I’d like to welcome you officially into ours. Dean, my love, will you do me the honor of marrying me, of becoming my husband, and giving My daughter another man to call her dad?” Dean’s lips were trembling as the tears flowed freely now and he just nodded his head, unable to even speak past the lump of emotions in his throat. Cas chuckled and took the ring out of the box before placing it on Dean’s left ring finger. He stood up and pulled Dean into a hug. “Thank you for making me the happiest man in the world” He whispered. “I Love you so much.”
“Fuck yes…” Dean breathed as he stroked, following Cas in his release and adding to the mess on Cas’ body. They both breathed heavily, high on endorphins from their spectacular orgasms before Dean finally got up to get them a washcloth. He returned and they cleaned themselves up before Dean laid on Cas’ chest, legs intertwined with his own.
"I could tell it was hard for you. That's why I’m proud of you. And yes, unfortunately I do have work tomorrow." He said regretfully.
"This is your last chance to get out of this before we start. I will not go easy on you once I've had a taste. I want you to give me your safe word and your color right now."
“Th-that’s…um…wha…why are you asking that?” He sputtered out.
"How are you feeling Love?"
“You too, Sir.” He was glad his voice didn’t shake like the rest of his insides were currently doing. John stared him down for a few moments before releasing his hand and moving to sit on the recliner in the room. The rest of them followed suit, Cas and Dean sitting on the couch with Bianca between them. They sat in awkward silence until Bianca interjected.
"I'll be fine. It was really fucking hot." Dean smiled, relaxing against him. "Just exhausted.”
"Fuck do it Dean. Show them who I belong to." Cas groaned.
“Totally Cassie. Go for it.” He assured. “Anyway, gotta go. Kali just walked in.”
“Wait, Really?” He asked confused. Cas just sighed.
He knew Cas wouldn’t pressure him for more; he had made that clear after the first time. But Dean wanted more. Maybe not a home run, but he was at least hoping to get to third base. Lately, every time he looked at Cas’ lips, he couldn’t help but picture what they would feel like wrapped around his hard cock. And when he got quick glimpses of the other man’s dick during their rushed quickies, he imagined sinking to his knees and having Cas push his hard length between Dean’s own lips. He didn’t know which he wanted more; he wanted them both, and he hoped they would get there tonight.
“Sure. Pull up a video on your laptop.” Dean instructed.
"Mmm, that they are. And you look sexy as hell in them too." Cas said as he leaned in close to Dean's ear." I would love nothing more than to bend you over this counter and fuck you while you are wearing them." He said as he nibbled on Dean's ear. He felt Dean shiver "However, that will have to wait till after dinner" he said as he backed off and went to flip the burgers.
“I-uh…I could ask you the same question.” Dean countered; his eyes still wide in surprise.
Charlie noticed his bad mood as well, when they met for drinks that night. He tried to hide his feelings under a mask but she knew him too well.
Officer Novak grabbed Deans arm and spun him around as he clicked the handcuffs on him. “You have the right to remain silent. Everything you say, can and will be used against you in the court of law…” He started to read him his rights.
“I’m glad you like it Dean. I had trouble figuring out what to get you.” Cas smiled shyly back. Cas had seemed to love his own present as well. Dean had found a knitted hat, scarf and glove set that were striped black and yellow. It had reminded him of bees which had reminded him of Cas and he was glad his angel liked them. “Your brother was absolutely no help with finding you a real gift. But, thanks to him, you do have another gift to open.” Cas’ smile had turned sly as he handed Dean another box.
Dean tilted his face into the gentle touch with a smile and walked over to the other room, standing at attention with his hands behind his back and head dipped
“I agree. I hope we can do that again.” Cas followed, hoping that wasn’t the last he felt of Dean in his arms.
“I did Shoplift. Maybe Something is where it is not supposed to be.” Dean chuckled, pushing back against Novak a little.
“Yeah, but you can call me Dean.” The man smiled, his gorgeous white teeth on display.
Novak had no idea how to handle this man. Although he was barely a man. Barely of age. Built like a twink. And it seemed he really was set on flustering the officer.
“Fuck, why do people keep saying that?” Dean whined, as he threw his head back.
“Well, okay then. I’m gonna hold you to that. As long as you take good care of my boy, we won’t have any problems.” It might not be blatant approval, but Cas will take what he can get. His shoulders relaxed from where they had tensed up and he breathed out a sigh of relief.
“Well, first of all you are an idiot.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed your first blowjob.” Cas chuckled fondly at him.
“Yeah. Came out to him and everything. He took it well. You know he’s a bleeding-heart hippie. Even got the long hair for it.” Dean joked.
“Sammy did. I called him that morning after you kicked me out of your room cuz I had to tell someone. He told me I was an idiot for even starting this thing with you.” Dean sighed.
“Nothing.” He lied.
“And what a present it is.” Cas growled before he reached out to stroke the firm globes of his ass. He threw the bow to the side before climbing up on the bed straddle Dean’s thighs. He leaned down to cover Dean’s naked body with his own before whispering in his ear. “I can’t wait to be inside you.”
“I wanna suck you too.” He told him, causing Cas to groan. He pushed Cas to lay back on the floor before taking the man’s hard cock in his own fist. He gave it a few long strokes before sticking a tentative tongue out to lick the head where pre-cum had beaded. It tasted a bit salty, but not too bad, so he licked the head again, humming appreciatively in his throat. He heard Cas moan and it spurred him on to go further. He wrapped his lips around the head and sucked hard, making the other man whimper in pleasure. He took him down as far as he could, about halfway down, before he felt his gag reflex kick in and had to pull back. He definitely needed to practice before he’d ever be able to deepthroat like Cas.
“Fuck yeah Cas. Come on me.” He goaded his boyfriend. Cas groaned and then spilled his release all over Dean’s ass before collapsing on the bed too, half laying on Deans back.
Dean shut his eyes, totally relaxed from the gentle strokes. "I understand now. I'm sorry I didn’t think about all this before. I've never even been asked about aftercare."
Dean was bored. Which honestly wasn’t a rare occurrence. He was bored most days now. The pandemic had been going on now for almost a year and he guessed he was lucky that his job as a financial consultant could still easily be handled remotely. He heard horror stories from friends who were laid off and had to try to survive on the measly sum from unemployment. He was still pulling in 6 figures from his job, so he really couldn’t complain. But he was bored. So bored, that he resorted to browsing Facebook marketplace just for the fun of seeing what other people were selling. He’d seen memes of the funny shit other people captured there, but he doubted he’d ever see anything funny enough to even make him chuckle.
"No, silly. For the view. Look at it." Dean climbed out and sat on the hood of the car, breathing fresh air you could only get up high in the city.
"Fuck. Oh fuck." Cas whimpered. He felt so good giving up control for one night.
Fuck yes, Cas thought. He raced to his bedroom and stripped out of his clothes. He almost tripped and fell at least twice in his eagerness. Thank God Dean wasn’t watching him. Once he was naked, he laid on his bed face down and waited for Dean.
“Oh…” Cas said in surprise. He wasn’t expecting to have to meet the parent’s so soon. But since Dean had met Gabe, he guessed it was only fair. “Okay, we’ll be there.”
Dean figured there was no harm in texting the number. Of course, that led to a week of sexting and then finally they decided to meet again, this time with a lot fewer innocent intentions than the first time.
“Are you insinuating that I should cavity search you?” Novak asked. He was starting to realize what Dean’s game was. Maybe he was a little slow on the uptake, but whatever. He was always accused of being too formal and naïve.
“This is exactly what I’m looking for!” Cas exclaimed excitedly.
Dean arched at the sucks to his sensitive nipples, hardening under Castiels tongue, more sensitive than most men. He shivered every time a hickey was sucked on and his cock was definitely rock hard against his belly.
He reluctantly pushed himself up off the couch and made his way to the bathroom, where he took a quick shower just to wash off all of the sweat and grime from the day, before getting out and drying off. As he opened the bathroom door to make his way to his bedroom, he heard noises coming from the living room, so he walked back down the hall to investigate. He reached the living room and that’s when he noticed that the TV playing, which was odd because he didn’t remember ever turning it on. Had he done it accidently? He didn’t think so, but maybe he was just really tired from the long day and forgot? That must be what happened. It’s not like a TV could just turn itself on, and since he lived alone, it must have been him, right? He grabbed the remote off the end table and decided he was going right to bed after all. If he could completely forget turning the TV on, then he must be more tired than he realized.
“Shuddup.” He mumbled into the pillow, face heating with embarrassment.
“No Way! I definitely wouldn’t have pegged you for a fan Cas. You do not seem like the type of guy to like nerdy things.” Dean spoke, mirroring Cas own thoughts.
"Good boy." Cas walked to his nightstand and got out his cuffs. He cuffed both of Dean's hands to his headboard. He then climbed up his bed between Dean's spread legs. He lifted his hands and brought both of them down hard on each of Dean's cheeks. Dean arched, crying out loudly and wiggling under Cas, his ass turning pink. Cas spread Dean's cheeks and immediately started rimming him. He licked across his rim and started tongue fucking him.
Fuck, Cas felt his jeans tighten when he heard Dean moan. He shouldn't have been surprised. Dean loved his food. "Should I leave you alone with your burger?" Cas teased playfully.
“The way who looks at Dean?” Came the gravely voice of the man in question. Dean spun around to face Cas.
"I’m all yours love. Do what you want love." Cas said as he thrust back onto Dean’s finger.  "Whatever it is that you want Dean. Go for it."
“You are referring to when we jerked off together” Cas stated bluntly, making Dean chuckle awkwardly.
"Sure, Cas." Dean dropped sausage in another pan with a sizzle.
"I know I'm keeping it. It's you that's doubting it." Dean frowned.
"Only if I get something in my ass afterwards. Something huge." Dean taunted back, breathing hard.
Dean chuckled as the chains holding Cas in place rattled, aiming for his prostate and carefully slowing down, teasing. “At least Cas was enjoying himself,” Dean thought.
Fuck, Dean could really kiss. Cas could kiss him forever. He really hoped he could. He'd never wanted someone the way he wanted Dean. And now he started panicking that maybe Dean was just playing with him this whole time just to get him into bed. He couldn't handle it if Dean disappeared after this.
off his lip.
The rest of the night was spent laying together on Cas couch watching Star Wars, both of their favorite movies. When Cas walked him out and kissed him goodbye, he was suddenly very anxious for the week to pass and Sunday to come.
Dean shook her hand “Nice to meet you Miss Moseley. You can call me Dean.” He said nervously. She seemed friendly and had a soothing southern accent. He was just nervous about his first day.
He slept that night peacefully, and woke up the next day refreshed. It was Saturday so he didn’t have any real plans besides vegging out and watching Netflix. He was a couple of hours into a binge when his phone began to ring. He looked at the caller ID, and didn’t recognize the number, but it was local so he answered.
He was going crazy, he had to be; he was talking to himself for fucks sake. Ghosts weren’t real. There had to be another explanation for all of the freaky shit that happened so far. He turned to leave the room when he heard it; three solid knocking sounds came from across the room. He turned and looked but there was nobody there. He sprinted out of the room, eyes wide in shock as he dialed his brother’s number, waiting three rings before the other man finally answered.
“Caaaaaas, I only got you one present. You didn’t have to get me another.” Dean protested.
“Oh…ok.” Dean said as he came closer to the shelf. His eye caught on one of the toys on the second shelf down toward the right. Most of the toys seemed exotic to him, but this toy seemed closest to the real deal. He grabbed for it and pulled it off the shelf to examine it closer.
“No worries! The name’s Charlie.” She smiled, waving off his apology. “How is your daughter doing? She was absolutely adorable!” She exclaimed perkily.
"Well I was talking about the less innocent item you are holding, but good to know you didn't steal anything you little thief." Cas laughed as he followed Dean into the house.
“Thanks Cas.” He rubbed the back of his neck as he smiled shyly. “I can’t believe I’m finally gonna be a teacher though. With my own class and everything.”
"Well that's good. You are very lucky they support you. I'm just really nervous they won't like me."
“I-I do. Maybe, uh, maybe next time we have a night to ourselves?” Dean asked unsurely.
“Huh….” He muttered at that revelation. He had been so worried about coming out and Sam had known all this time? “And you…you, d-don’t care that I’m gay?” His squeaked uncertainly, praying that Sam really didn’t care.
“What happened?”
He was brought out of his thoughts by Charlie.
Dean and Sam made their way back to the booth soon after. Castiel was happy when the food arrived so he had something to focus on. He was still nervous being around Dean's family, although luckily, they seemed ok with him. He was totally embarrassed that he got so emotional in front of Bobby. But all seemed alright. And he was still contemplating Bobby's comment about Dean with women because Dean made it clear to him, he was gay. Dean nudged him with a knee and smiled softly. He was happy about how well this was going. Dean seemed to be ok with how everything was going too, so Castiel tried to relax. Dean rested a hand on his thigh when he was done eating, laughing at a joke from Sam and Bobby, chuckling a little.
“I told you.” Cas gloated before he dove back in with fervor, licking broad stripes from Dean’s balls, up his perineum and across his virgin hole. God it felt so fucking good. How had he never experienced this before? Fuck he could do this every day. Cas placed his lips around his hole and sucked, before pointing his tongue and pressing in.
“Fine. Don’t get your panties in a twist.” The hunter snapped back and he pulled off the main road, and drove down the path for a ¼ mile before coming to a spot that was a bit secluded.
Cas gripped Dean's cheeks and spread them apart. He dove in and buried his tongue in his beautiful boy's ass.
“Yeah. Come on, we're both dudes. We both jerk-off, why not make it interesting?”
Dean nuzzled cas and hugged around his shoulders, resting their cheeks together and smiling. "I'm here.”
Dean had cooked them a nice dinner, even lighting candles to try and fancy it up. Cas had just smiled that adorable gummy smile of his and told Dean he loved him before they began eating. As he finished chewing the last bite of his meal, he pushed his plate away.
Cas watched Dean explode and saw the tears soaking his blindfold. Two more thrusts and he was coming. Breathing hard, he pulled out and tossed the condom. He grabbed tissues from the nightstand and wiped Dean's release from his body. He reached up and undid the restraints on Dean's wrists and removed the blindfold. He then settled himself next to Dean and pulled him into his arms. "Such a good boy Dean. I’m so proud of you." He said as he kissed the top of Dean's head.
"You do realize that I just came down your throat? So, I might not be able to get hard again so soon since I am not 20 like you right?" He asked.
“This is our first time at a big family dinner. We want to make sure we get invited back. Right Papa?” She turned to her father, and Cas’ heart broke, knowing that his daughter even realized just how important this was to him.
"I was trying to get you used to the size Dean, because you said yourself you would have trouble. But no, you had to be impatient again like you were when I was trying to prep you. I thought you had learned your lesson." Cas said tersely as he shut the water off.
"I’d definitely let you work on my car. I’d love to see you all greasy and bent over the engine" Cas leered just thinking about that image.
Cas grabbed Dean by the hair and pulled him up to his feet as he dragged him to the bed and threw him on the bed. "Get on your knees with your face on the pillow" Cas growled as he walked to his closet to get what he needed.
Dean jumped at the loud volume, turning to frown at him, "Geez you fucking scared me dude!”
Sam also interjected “You're lucky. Dean doesn’t date anyone." Sam smiled, "I'm glad to see him genuinely happy. He deserves that.
"Fuck fuck fuck. Are you close Dean?" Cas whimpered.
“Well…” He thought back to the date, “We were on the couch after Bianca went to bed and we started…uh…making out, and it got a little um…heated…” He trailed off, blushing at telling the woman any intimate details. Luckily, he didn’t have to clarify what he meant because immediately she seemed to catch on.
“Get your head out of the clouds, Winchester!” She yelled, making him laugh. That’s when he noticed whose turn it was. Cas stood with Bee and he waved to them. They waved back and he watched as Bee, instead of throwing the ball at the target, ran up to it and slammed it just like she had that first time, plunging him into the water below. He sputtered as he stood back up, wiping the water from his eyes. He was about to call them out for cheating again, but the words got caught in his throat. Kneeling on one knee was Cas, and Dean stood frozen, his brain not quite catching on yet.
Cas stood up from the bed and grabbed Dean's hand to lead him to the bathroom. He got the water set to the right temperature and pulled Dean into the shower with him.
Thank you my lovely readers who read all of my chapters. And all those who leave kudos.
“As ready as I’m ever gonna be.” He told her, as the nerves began to set in. She pulled a special ball out from behind the table and handed it to Bianca.
“Okay great. We can discuss details later this week.” Cas beamed in return. “Here, I’ll walk you to the door.” Cas unbuckled and turned to exit the car, making Dean freeze up in panic.
“Of course not, Dean.” He scoffed. “I figured you were around that age since you are in college. Your age is not a problem for me” Cas assured before his smile faltered. “Is uh, is my age a problem for you?”
“Holy shit Dean. Is this what I think it is?” Cas asked as he slowly made his way to the bed.
“Fine. You want to ‘jerk off’ together then?” Cas even threw in the air quotes, his roommate always made fun of him for.
Cas gulped before nodding in reply “Y-yes.”
Dean scoffed “You don't have to worry about that ma’am. He's way out of my league to start with. And I highly doubt he even swings my way. Dude’s probably straight.”
Dean chuckled, "Yes, I guess I can." He kissed back and put the eggs on a plate and sausage on the other. "Here, eat. We both have work.”
Dean unscrewed the top and leaned against the counter near Cas, his jeans sagging a little and revealing the sides of a silky red thong when he stretched.
“I, uh...it’s just, I didn’t… I didn’t know…” He stuttered, not knowing how to explain himself. “I was scared…” He confessed, voice barely above a whisper.
Cas sat in the stands with Bee beside him, as they watched the students being called up by name, one-by-one. It was August, and Dean was finally graduating. He had ended up having to take a last-minute summer class so he was graduating at a later ceremony than originally planned. He also had a job lined up at an elementary school in their town. Not the one Bianca went to- they had offered him a job too- but he had decided that he didn’t want to work in a place that his boyfriend’s daughter attended. He had figured it could be awkward dating a dad of one of his students. Cas had laughed when Dean had told him it had been bad enough when he was just crushing on a dad of one of his students, and then he slapped Cas playfully when he reminded him of the DILF conversation from their first date.
“Okay, I’ll, uh… I guess I’ll ask him.” He hesitated to agree. He had barely gotten through the whole ‘coming out’ part and was now being thrust right into the ‘meet the parent’s’ part without a second to breath.
“Boy! Your head must be so far up in them clouds. I called your name five times and you ain't heard a one.” Missouri tutted at him; eyebrow raised in reprimand.
"Have you decided what you want Dean?" Cas asked while silently hoping Dean wanted to take charge just this one time.
"Yes, please Daddy! I love your cock up my ass!" Dean felt himself stretch open, feeling like his hole will never close after this.
“Dude! Right?” Dean exclaimed in agreement. “I don’t get how everyone always says that one wrong. Its not
Once Cas was satisfied that Dean was ready, he slipped a condom on and guided his cock to his boy's entrance. He slowly pushed in, letting Dean get used to the stretch as he went.
“I’m sorry. I-I’m incredibly embarrassed right now.” Cas murmured before Dean heard a click in his ear, signaling that Cas hung up. He dialed him back but he kept getting voicemail.
“Thanks Missouri. I’m...uh…I’m not exactly out yet. I don't plan to be anytime soon.” He confessed quietly, tension leaving his body as the admitted out loud to the second person ever, that he wasn't straight. A small weight was lifted, knowing another person knew and didn't seem to be judging him.
"You make me very happy. But it's still hard for me. But I love you so much." Cas smiled.
.” A young boy said, trying to mimic Darth Vader’s deep, heavy mechanical breathing. Cas just scoffed to himself.
“No offense, but I’m sure that hand has probably touched my bro’s dangly bits.” He teased, making Cas groan in frustration. He knew this was a bad idea.
“Yeah of course Dean. You’re still my big brother. Your sexuality doesn’t change that.” Sam was quick to assure him.
They both took a minute to calm down from their pleasure before they tucked themselves back in and helped each other off the ground. They made their way to the couch where Cas pulled Dean to lay on top of his chest and held him close.
That night, after he got into bed, Dean had a sudden realization. He had a boyfriend now. That meant he finally had a
“I’m dead serious man! Rhonda Hurley, back in college, remember her?”
“I was wondering…. Would you want to come over to my place for dinner sometime next week? Bianca will be there so it won’t be a proper date, but I thought it might be good for her to start getting used to seeing you again, outside of school this time, if we are doing this. We could just tell her we are friends for now.” Dean’s insides lit up like a Christmas tree, and he knew his beaming smile probably looked a little too eager but he didn’t care.
Dean took the car up to the top of a hill where the whole city could be seen glittering in front of them. It was nothing like Castiel had ever seen before. He was in awe as Dean finally made it to the spot he was looking for and parked. Dean turned the car off and turned in his seat to look at Cas.
“Thanks Sunshine. I love it!” He beamed excitedly. It would look perfect on his dresser. “I can’t believe you made this Cas.”
Dean woke up with a groan; his head felt like someone took a jackhammer to it, and his mouth tasted like ass. He pushed himself to a sitting position and held his throbbing head in his hands, trying to will away the massive hangover. He was about to stand up when the memories of the previous night rushed to the front of his brain. “fuck” he muttered to himself. Why did he decide drinking that much would be a good idea? And what possessed him to suggest truth or dare? He really should have listened to Cas when he said they were too old for it. Then he wouldn’t be sitting here, feeling like a coward too afraid to face his roommate. His roommate who he jerked off with last night. The same roommate who fled when they finished and left Dean sitting in the living room alone, regretting his entire existence.
"Dean, you are not just a plaything to me. And I don't care that you are much younger. I thought I made that clear to you love."
"That's your response? You're a bit of a brat? I expected a little more from you if you are, as you say, ,smitten'." Novak replied with air quotes. And he was hoping for a little more of an explanation. He was pretty close tp letting Dean out of the handcuffs and letting him go. Maybe even asking him out. They apparently would get along quite good, seeing as Dean appeared to be a bratty sub to Castiel's strict dominant side. But he wasn't sure if Dean seriously wanted a relationship with him, or if he was just fucking with him. And he didn't want to be made a fool.
"That depends." Cas replied. "I can call in sick if you want?" He joked.
Castiel reached over and ran his hands along Dean's ass. Just gently stroking both cheeks. Then he spread his ass and leaned down and lightly licked over his furled hole.
Dean panted, tears painting his cheeks and stinging his eyes, his cock so hard it hurt. He lay there, limp, waiting for permission to get up or move or please touch himself. He whimpered, tilting his head to see Castiel’s face.
Dean sighed, "I can try but...Cas I'm really not into that." He rolled off the bed and sighed. "I'm going to make breakfast.”
after all. But neither set of parents had known that at the time. Hell, Dean’s parents
He saw his daughter’s eyes light up mischievously, and then she ran as hard as she could and smacked her ball right on the target which dumped Dean into the tank. Dean spluttered before he came up.
" Why mess with perfection love?" Cas said as he leaned in and kissed Dean.
Cas held his hand out. "Nice to meet you. Dean has told me so much about you two. I’m honored to meet you as I know you are very important to Dean" He said sincerely.
Castiel walked into the room after his initial surprise. Dean looked breathtaking in his pink satin panties. He was not expecting that at all. He walked around to face Dean and tipped his chin up to look him in the eyes.
Dean smiled, "You totally liked it." He kissed him and snuggled into his chest.
Dean nodded breathlessly, wiggling a little, whimpering quietly as Castiel’s mouth closed around his cock again. Cas continued sucking his cock. Dean better hope he could take it.
“Fuck!” He yelped as he jumped out of the scolding hot spray; skin burning where the water hit his back. Somehow, the god damn toilet flushed by itself, taking all the cold water from the shower with it. He shut the water off quickly, before getting out a drying off. He was so fucking done with this day. Nothing had gone right, and everything had been a damn headache.
They drove back to Dean’s house and parked in front, Dean glad to see that the lights were off and his parents most likely in bed already.
Dean whimpered, soon feeling that tightening and heat that made him cry out, "Sir, gonna come!”
He had been dating Cas for a month now, and things were amazing. He’d moved into Cas’ room and got to wake up next to the love of his life every morning. To say Dean was happy was an understatement. He had big plans for tonight too. It was officially their one-month anniversary and he wanted it to be special. Call him a sap or whatever, he was finally in a relationship with someone he loved and he wanted to celebrate that.
"I'm sorry. I guess I should have mentioned that. I'm clean, I have paperwork to prove it." Dean sat up, suddenly frightened he’d be kicked out.
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to laugh. Its just…” He chuckled again to himself. “I uh, I had something similar happen to me when I was younger.” He explained, hoping to make Dean feel better about his embarrassment. It was crystal clear now to Cas why Dean had run out that night. It made him feel a lot better about the whole situation now that he knew it was likely just embarrassment that caused this whole situation. That he could work with.
Dean smiled, leaning back so he could touch better. "Yeah. I like the way they look and feel better." He grabbed Castiel’s hand and rubbed it over his erection, "and they're very stretchy.”
Dean arched an eyebrow, "Congratulations, you can read a calendar. Seriously, what are you trying to say?" Dean was beginning to smile a little as castiel blushed.
"Ok Dean, see you then." He kissed Dean and then got in his car and drove away.
“Yes, well…I was wondering- that is- I uh, wanted to know if, maybe, you would like to go out. To uh, dinner. Go out to dinner. With me. “Cas stammered out, as awkwardly as Dean felt, and he could just picture the adorable blush the older man must be sporting right now. Then his words finally registered in Dean’s slow brain.
Dean could feel his ass gape, grunting in pleasurable pain as he was pulled against Castiel’s chest, snuggling in and flopping on top of him limply.
“Cas, Charlie! Cas! Cas asked me out!” Manic chuckles escaped his lips; his voice in hysterics as he tugged the hair on his head.
“Y-yeah, fuck…I want it Cas. Put it in me.” He pleaded as he pushed his ass back, trying to get it inside him. He felt Cas lean over into the nightstand, before he straightened back up behind Dean. He could hear a cap flip open and then a wet finger rub against his rim. He held his breath as Cas pressed on his hole, and then it was pressing inside, having breached the tight muscle. It burned a little as Cas sunk in, but he licked around his finger, soothing the bit of pain. Dean felt Cas wiggling his finger around, and then there was a jolt of intense pleasure as he hit something inside him.
Dean whimpered, his hole fluttering, still slightly open from taking Castiel’s large girth earlier. "Yes sir, such a slut for you. Need you."
“Stop doing that. Stop trying to be overly flirty with me. Do you honestly want me Dean? Like, really want me? Or are you just hoping for a one-time thing where I finally get fed up with you and just take you? Be honest. I want to know the truth. What do you REALLY want of me?” Cas asked exasperated.
“No, no I’m not upset at you Cas. You didn’t push me, it’s, uh, I… Can we talk, like face to face?”
“You serious Cas? You really want me to move in with you?” He asked in disbelief, and Cas saw his eyes well up.
“Nice to meet you.” Dean held his hand out for the other man to shake. Gabe just looked at the offered hand and smirked.
Dean blushed, taking a bite of egg. "I love you too. And it's kind of scary because I've never loved anyone before.”
Cas chuckled. "Patience Dean. We are only getting started. I’m going to explore every inch of your body before you get to come." Cas leered.
“Yes, Dean, we really have to be here. If I have to hear you bitching about missing your crush one more time, I will go insane.” She grabbed him by the shoulders to make him look at her, eyes wide and serious. “I love you; I really do. But you need to get over him. Hit on some guys your own age and maybe get laid.”
"Ah there's my little brat" Cas laughed as he wrapped his arms around Dean and kissed him hard. "I am very proud of you though for not being a brat during our little scene before."
“Dunno what you’re talking about Red.” He deflected, praying he wasn’t blushing too bad.
"Yes sir." Dean rasped, hole fluttering at the feel of the leather, wanting desperately to be filled but not knowing how that would happen since Cas just came.
Cas looked at Dean confused. "I thought you said you were gay?"
Dean sighed happily, nuzzling his neck. "That was an amazing valentine’s day.” He slurred.
“You didn’t dad. I…it’s just, you don’t know how terrifying it is to have to…to have to come out. My boyfriend’s parents disowned him when they found out.”
“Fuck Cas, I’m gonna cum!” He yelled before Cas felt his hole clamp down on his tongue, signaling his boyfriends orgasm. He sat back up and rubbed Dean’s ass soothingly as he came down from pleasure.
“Vaguely” Cas replied, still in shock.
“You have no idea how rough I can be boy.” Novak replied. Dean had successfully gotten under his carefully constructed façade. He had no idea how Castiel really was underneath his officer persona. Dean had no idea how much Castiel’s dominant side was starting to take hold.
“W-whenever you want.” He breathed out shakily. “What, um…what do you want to try?”
“I’ve been thinking a lot about that Dean. And I…uh…I have a suggestion, or actually, I have a question for you.” He began nervously.
“What if they don’t take it well?” He asked for the fifth time in the last ten minutes.
, Cas felt the same. But then Cas had gone and pushed him away, saying he was done and needed space. Maybe he had realized Dean was catching feelings and felt like they needed to stop because he didn’t feel that way.
"Fuck yes." Dean coughed out, spreading himself wider.
"Not rich enough to afford to pay you for sex." Cas laughed.
“’Course not dude. You’re my brother. I love you. I couldn’t care less who you’re attracted to.” Sam shrugged, a softer smile on his face now. Dean felt his eyes begin to well up, and tried to hold them back.
Dean cleared his throat, "Well, what are your days off next week?”
"Why don’t we get dressed and I’ll take you out to the Diner up the road for brunch. And then if you don't have any plans today, we can explore this a bit more." Cas suggested.
“I had a great time tonight Dean.” Cas said as he turned in his seat to look Dean in the eyes.
He had no real intention of meeting someone tonight, he just went along to appease his friend. He figured he could have a couple of beers, try to talk to a few cute guys, and maybe play some pool, before begging off to go home, claiming he was tired.
Dean bought things for dinner, trying to think of what Cas would like and deciding to make pork chops and greens. He ended up reaching the house a little late because of that. "Cas? You home?" He knocked on the door.
"Really? How come?" Cas asked honestly.
“I’ll take the bacon cheeseburger with a Coke please.” He stated as he looked over at Dean for his order.
“Oh, um, right. Yeah I didn’t think of that.” He shrugged. His face had to be the color of a tomato at this point.
*************************************
Cas fucked Dean hard a couple of more times when he felt Dean tighten up as he came for a second time. That was all Cas needed to feel before he thrust a few more times and came hard in his boy's ass. He was breathing really hard as that was easily the hardest he had ever fucked in his life. Dean whined as Cas let his hair go and his face thumped into the bed, body trembling and chest heaving.
Dean blushed, but did as Cas said, spreading his legs wide to make room for his boyfriend. Cas scooted up and lifted Dean’s legs to rest on his thighs, shifting the pillow beneath Dean’s ass to prop him up better. Cas opened the bottle and squirted lube onto the fingers of his right hand, warming them between his fingers. He held Dean open with his other hand as he pressed a lubed finger to Dean’s hold. Dean’s heart started to race in anticipation of feeling a finger press inside of him for the first time.
“Calm down, Mary. One question at a time for the poor boy.” He teased his wife.
"I want to know." Dean smiled at the blush on his face, reaching under the table to squeeze his hand.
“Um…let’s go somewhere private to talk.” Cas muttered quietly, and Dean could see his cheeks turning pink.
“Why are you being so secretive lately Dean?” Cas demanded.
"Fuck!" Cas yelled. Dean's mouth always felt good. But that's not what he wants right now. He pulls Dean off of his cock and throws him back on the bed facedown. And before Dean even realizes what happened, Cas positions himself between Dean's legs. Dean whimpered happily at the change in position, wiggling and trying to get his boxers off. Cas could tell Dean was very happy with the position change. And once he successfully got his boxers off, he pinned Dean down and laid on top of him as he brought his mouth to Dean's ear.
“How long were you listening outside my door?” Cas asked Dean. His voice was quivering in fear and embarrassment. He prayed Didn’t hear his conversation with Charlie.
Dean followed him slowly, locking up the house before he met Cas in the bedroom. He wanted to give Cas time to follow his orders. But the main reason he was taking his time was to psych himself up for this. Dean was not a top or a Dom by any means. And he was well aware of this fact. But it was so sweet of Cas to try to plan this for him. And he could tell Cas actually wanted this. So, he was determined to at least try to pull this off. So, Dean made his way into the bedroom where Cas was laid out in bed. He got the cuffs out and secured all four of Cas’ limbs to each bed post.
“Fuck your cock feels so good in me.” Cas said through heavy breaths. Dean grabbed his hips, rubbing his thumbs over them.
“7 is good.” Was all Dean could manage, still in disbelief at the what was happening; His brain shorted out trying to wrap his head around it all.
“I know you have an issue with my age, and I get it, I really do. I’m a parent too and if I was in your shoes, I’d feel the same way Mr. Winchester.” He began, his palms were beginning to sweat with nerves but he pressed on, “Honesty, I haven’t had much luck in the dating scene over the years, being a single father has made it hard. Most guys run the other way when they find out I have a kid, not wanting to be tied down. But not your son, no. I spent months getting to know him slowly as my Daughter’s student teacher, and he spent months getting to know my daughter every day.” He paused, taking a deep breath before he continued. “I’m not gonna lie, I was attracted to your son the first time I saw him. But yes, his age did give me reservations at first. I didn’t think someone his age would ever give me the time of day, especially since I have a kid. Not many guys my own age would even bother, never mind someone as young as him. But you know what? He didn’t care. It wasn’t a deal breaker for him. He decided to give me a chance anyway and never makes me feel bad when I have to put Bianca first, or when I have to cancel a date because I can’t find a babysitter. Do you know how many men I’ve dated my own age that I can say that about? None. Absolutely none. Your son has shown so much more maturity than anyone I’ve ever dated before. He may only be twenty-three, but he is an adult who can make his own decisions. And I count my lucky stars every day that he decided to be with me. To accept me, baggage and all. And I don’t care how long it takes, I will prove to you that his decision wasn’t a mistake, because your son is worth it, and I’m lucky to have him in my life.” Cas finished his speech, hands shaking and throat tight with emotion. He can see Dean gaping to his side, but he just stared at John, waiting for his reaction. The older man’s eyebrows have jumped to his hairline, probably having not expected Cas to speak so strongly, before Cas saw him smirk.
“So…. are we gonna talk about Mr. Dreamboat?” She asked with a smirk.
“I fucking came in my pants alright?” He yelled in frustration. “He touched me once and I shot off like a damn rocket. So yeah, I have a reason to be embarrassed.” He snapped, face blushing as he replayed what happened in his head. He was still so mortified about that night.
"I don't fuck care. Take me Dean. Please fucking take me." Cas was deliriously lost in pleasure at this point. Dean was doing things to him that he never experienced before.
Cas came out of the bathroom and climbed into bed next to Dean. "What movie are we watching Love?" He asked.
“I didn’t ask for your help. I have no desire to ‘hook up’ with someone right now. You dragged me here against my will.” Cas seethed through gritted teeth, annoyed at his pain in the ass brother. “I’m going to get another drink.” He stormed off towards the bar, completely done with the whole thing.
“I could say the same for you Dean.” He argued back.
"I thought that was what I just said." Cad said confused.
"You're my little slut, aren't you? You love taking my cock." Cas said as he fucked Dean as hard as he could.
“Fuck the condom. We’re both clean. I wanna feel you.” He begged.
“Y-yeah, Fuck Cas. You’re hot.” He managed to choke out inelegantly.
Dean happily snuggled into his chest, swirling fingers in the water. "I've never been in a bath this nice." He tilted his head back to rest on Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean purred, wriggling against Castiel’s front, rubbing his ass against him. "You're right, I absolutely love this height difference.
He took his items up to the cash register, and he noticed the red-headed cashier. She looked familiar but he couldn’t seem to place where he knew her from. As he placed his items on the counter, the young woman looked up and smiled at him.
“Come on in, please.” The other man said as he stepped aside to let Dean in. Dean stepped in and followed he darker haired man as he walked down the hallway towards the bedroom. “Are you ok with this? Speak now or forever hold your piece.” The other man said with a wink which immediately relaxed Dean and caused him to chuckle,
“So is that a yes or….”
"You're the 20-year-old who let a 62-year-old man fuck him. But I’m the weird one?" Cas asked exasperated.
Thankfully, his parents were out when he got home and he was able to slink up to his room without having to try to have a conversation with anyone first. Anyone would be able to see how upset he was, and he didn’t want to have to explain himself. He needed time to brood with his own thoughts before he had to interact with anyone like a normal person. He needed to lick his wounds in private, and try to forget about the other man. It’s not like they could continue to date. Dean would have to explain what happened first of all, and he knew once he did, that Cas wouldn’t want him anymore. Why would an experienced 30-year-old man want an inexperienced Virgin like Dean? Cas would probably be nice about it too, letting him down gently, but Dean wouldn’t be able to bare the rejection, regardless of how kind the older man was. No, it would be better if he just ignored any calls from Cas from now on. The other man would get the message eventually and they could move on. It hurt, but it would only hurt worse when he saw the look in Cas’ eyes when he found out what an embarrassment Dean was. Those thoughts consumed him as he finally fell into a restless sleep that night.
“Are you ready Dean?” Cas asked once he lined himself up.
They both remained still, breathing heavily as they tried to catch their breaths, before Cas pulled his softening cock out, making Dean hiss in discomfort. Cas reached out to send a twirl of Grace through the hunter, alleviating some of the pain he had caused. Only a bi though, because he knew Dean would want to feel most of it for the next few days.
"Fuck sorry. It's just...shit. I'm mostly a Dom which you seem to love. Sometimes I like to be fucked though. I don’t need it. But I just wanted to ask if it was something you were ok with.”
“Yeah.” Cas smiled back.
gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.” The younger man broke out in song, making sure to put emphasis on the “haters” part. Bianca giggled so hard at Dean’s antics, and Castiel just shook his head in resignment.
Dean laughed, cuddling close and kissing his jaw. "Goodnight."
Dean leaned close again, his mouth right next to Castiel’s ear, “You really do have a nice ass, Officer Novak: He flicked his tongue through the grate, just managing to graze Castiel’s ear.
“Oh yeah? Why is that’s?” He managed to ask.
, could she pack a punch.
"I ate at home. Let's go watch a movie or something." Dean kicked off his shoes and placed them at the door before following Cas.
“Your father and I don’t care who you love. The only thing that matters is that you are happy sweetheart.” She told him as she kissed the back of his neck. His body shook with the tears that were now streaming down his face. He had been so terrified that they wouldn’t love him anymore, especially his father who rarely showed any kind of tenderness. So, for him to be the first to tell Dean he loved him no matter what, made Dean throat thick with emotion. He felt so blessed to have parents that accepted him for who he was, no matter that he was gay.
“Hello Castiel.” They both greeted.
“Ok good. Roll over onto your belly for me then please.” He asked.
“If the other kids were anything like Bianca, I can only imagine what came out of their mouths.” Cas joked as they made their way into the house, Cas taking the wine from Dean to put on the kitchen counter as they passed through into the living room. “Dinner will take about an hour to cook, so I figured we could sit and talk for a bit first, if that’s okay.”
"Does that bother you?" Cas asked curiously.
“This is my daughter Claire.” Cas smiled at the man, feeling warmth in his chest as he interacted with his little girl.
Dean slipped in and smiled, "What can I say? I'm not a patient guy.” He winked.
"Yeah well you know that even though I'm a Dom, I'm self-conscious.”
Cas looked up and met Dean's wide green eyes. "Yes Dean. I've fallen in love with you. I understand of it's too soon and if you don’t feel the same. But I just wanted you to know."
“Yeah?” Dean breathed out gently in what seemed to be surprised relief and Cas nodded in answer. “You’re really okay with me being a virgin and all?”
“First day is always a little chaotic.” She laughed at the deer in headlights look on Dean’s face. Once the class was settled down again, Missouri got their attention.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, curious about where this conversation was about to go.
“I don’t want him to do anything he’s uncomfortable with Charlie.” He insisted. “I just want to make sure he’s okay. That’s actually the only reason I even came in here in the first place. I feel horrible that I might have done something to unintentionally upset him.”
“Wh-why would you want to go out on a date with me?”
It could have been minutes, or hours later, when Cas finally pulled out and flopped onto his back, pulling Dean to cuddle on top of his chest as he wrapped his arms around the younger man. He kissed Dean’s forehead, sending warm feelings of love through the young man.
Dean chuckled at that, "I really did pay for it. The guys at the station just thought it would be funny to mess with you.”
“Oh good, Hello Dean. This is Castiel.”
“And I think things are going well. Don’t you?” Cas asked.
“Really Dean?” He sent an unimpressed look the other man’s way.
"Huh, I guess you liked that." Dean curled his fingers again, rubbing over it hard.
"I know. I just wish I could wake up with you in my bed every morning."
“F-fuck. Please. Please fuck me.” He begged. He didn’t have to wait long. He immediately felt his hole begin to stretch.
“You must be the boyfriend.” He smiled at Cas. “I’m Sam, Dean’s brother.”
"I want you to be rougher, Master." Dean murmured seductively, "Make it so I can’t even walk, or fuck my throat until I can’t talk." His fingers danced lower, circling Castiel’s cock.
Cas answered the door and Dean took a moment to drink in the sight of his boyfriend. The older man was dressed in a pair of tight jeans that had his meaty thighs on full display. Dean wanted to feel them wrapped around his head as he went down on him.
Cas got out of his cruiser, “What the fuck are you doing here? I told you to stop this Dean." He scoffed.
Dean eyed him as if deciding if he was serious and finally nodded. "You're going to be late for work if you don’t get ready. I'll put my address on the fridge and cook some breakfast. Now go." He smiled a little and shoved at him playfully.
“Of course, Bee.” He told her, before looking back up at Dean. “It was nice to see you again Dean. I better get my daughter home before she has my head.” Cas joked lamely. Dean chuckled back awkwardly.
There were no fireworks, or sparks, or any of that stuff he read in the romance novels he would never admit out loud to reading. Instead, there was warmth and contentment rushing through his body as Cas brushed his hand up to cradle Dean’s jaw. Their lips fit together perfectly and Dean sighed as he sank into the kiss. It was over quick-too quick if you ask him- but Dean had never felt happier in his life. As far as first kisses go, he was pretty sure his was one of the best.
Dean laughed, "Yes. It was quite satisfactory." He laid back over his chest. "Sorry I scared you today.”
“Dean. All sex is the real thing. Blowjobs are still sex.” Cas insisted causing Dean to roll his eyes.
Dean smiled, a thrill shooting down his spine as he looked up at him. "Are you done now?”
“Just wanted to check to see how my baby bro was doing. Is that a crime?”
Their bodies slid together, grinding against one another as Dean moved inside him. Cas’ hands glided up and down Dean’s back, touching any skin he could get ahold of. Dean didn’t speed up, he just lazily thrust into him. It felt so much more intense than last night. This felt heavy; like they were making love. He knew that’s not what Dean intended, since he didn’t feel that way about Cas, but he couldn’t help wishing. Couldn’t help feeling like this meant more than just sex. Like they were two boyfriends making love after cuddling all night. His heart clenched at the thought and he had to hold back the tears he felt trying to well up. He didn’t want to ruin this.
Dean smiled at him, a genuine smile without a smirk. "Officer, if you'd have me, I'd be the luckiest guy on earth."
“Charlie I gotta go.” He said quickly as he hung up the phone. “How long were you listening outside my door?” He asked with a quivering voice.
Cas pulled away. "I truly love that even though I'm supposed to be the Dom, that aside from sex, you can pull me out of my head. You are more mature than me sometimes love." Cas chuckled.
Dean shivered, biting his plump bottom lip and goosebumps rising on his legs, cock twitching. "Please..." he whimpered
"I know, and it’s probably strange to some people who might not know us as well...but that's not their business." Dean ruffled his hair, "now will you please come eat breakfast.”
“Oh, totally bro! He means vibrators.” His brother laughed on the other end, and Cas choked on air.
“How are you feeling Dean?” His boyfriend asked as he ran his fingers through Deans short hair.
“How do you make the bad guys good for a weekend?” She asked curiously. Cas watched Dean’s eyes go wide before he threw his head back in roaring laughter, as his own face began to heat in mortification.
Dean glanced up, green eyes connecting with blue. "What?" He sighed.
. He really had to have a talk with his body about its reactions to this man. It was becoming ridiculous.
“I think I know now why he ran. It’s not really my place to tell but I’m going to have a few words with the knucklehead and convince him to call you.” She promised.
"Your punishment is over baby. Are you ready to be fucked now? I would love nothing more than to sink my cock in your beautiful hole" Cas said as he spread Dean's cheeks to gaze at said hole.
“Oh, okay.” Cas nodded in understanding. “You uh, you wanna do that now?”
Cas climbed up Dean's body and kissed him, trying to calm him down. He knew Dean was getting frustrated. A few tears had leaked past his blindfold. "Relax love, I promise you can come soon. Can you be my good boy a little longer?" He asked gently.
“Yeah Cas, like a date.” Dean chuckled as he rubbed the back of his neck.
Dean walked home fiddling with his phone with his new number. He plopped down on his bed and smiled. He decided he'd sleep on his decision,  but his mind was made up. He slept restlessly and woke up early, picking up his phone and wondering if Cad would even be up. He sent a text just in case:
“Really?” She asked, beaming. “That would be great. I loved having dinner here. Its always so quiet at my house.” She said, a pout on her pretty face.
"Good. I'm guessing you were in subspace a little. I’m going to go run a bath for us and then I’ll be back for you. Will you be ok for a minute by yourself" Cas asked.
“It’s fine Dean. I’m not upset with you. Gabe on the other hand should sleep with one eye open.: He seethed, thinking of his soon to be dead brother.
“What’s wrong?” Sam asked, concern clear in his voice. He was always able to tell when something was up with Dean.
He saw Dean come in and holy shit he looked amazing. The skinny jeans he was wearing left nothing to the imagination. It also showed off Dean's bubble but that he was proud of. And his green tank top matched his eyes. Castiel was totally fucked.
. His students all seemed to like him too. It was always “Mr. Winchester
“Shoot.”
“Fine! Today was the last day of class and I’m not gonna get to see the Dad I’ve been crushing anymore!” He snapped, fed up with his brother’s antics. It was only after the words came out of his mouth, that he realized what he just did. He just fucking came out to his brother in a fit of anger. Definitely not the way he ever planned to tell him. Fuck.
Dean squeaked and whirled to give him a playful slap. "Yes, I do, but I prefer it from my ass. Why?"
The next few days were spent slowly becoming normal around each other again, and by Friday, they were back to normal. Dean had also spent those days scheming up a way that he could get Cas to do more with him. He finally made a plan and as the two of them sat on the couch, drinking beer and eating pizza, he finally got the courage to broach the topic with Cas.
Cas looked up as Dean came into his room. "Why would you be surprised I've never Dated Dean? I'm weird as hell."
Dean wasn’t stupid either; he knew why he wasn’t ready for it to end. He had feelings for his best friend that went way past lust and into that other L-word that he wasn’t ready to say quite yet. But it was obvious that Cas didn’t feel the same way. Cas had known he was gay the entirety of their friendship, and never once had he even hinted to having any feelings towards Dean. Cas didn’t even want to kiss him because that would be too
“Fucking fist me already!” Dean growled, his hole red and sore and gaping around Castiel’s four fingers.
The hostess showed Dean to the table and he slid across from Castiel. He had a big smile on his face. "Interesting choice of restaurant when I'm too young to drink. Unless we are being naughty." Dean wiggled in his seat and gave Cas a huge smile.
"You're really asking me that Dean? I told you I’ve never dated before." Cas laughed.
“No. You can take any toy you like,” Cas said as he went about straightening a few toys on the top shelf.
“Alright, bye Bitch.” He hung up the phone. Maybe Sam was right; maybe he should just tell Cas how he felt.
"In ten years, you will be 30 and I will be 45. It's still a big age difference. And while I don't mind it at all, I'm still going to worry for a while that you will find someone closer to your age." Cas said solemnly.
"Fuck Dean. You love it when I shove my cock in your ass don't you?" Cas asked as he thrusted hard and deep into his boy.
"My partner at work has a daughter who loves it and I heard it was good so I bought it. I haven't had a chance to watch it yet though." Cas wrapped his arms around Dean as his boy cuddled into his side.
He grabbed Dean’s hips and pulled their groins flush; their hard cocks brushing together through the layers of denim. The younger man moaned and Cas repeated the action, hands guiding Dean’s hips to gyrate on top of him. Dean seemed to get the picture and before long he was grinding in Cas’ lap on his own, his fingers gripping Cas’ hair as their tongues danced together. A particularly sinuous roll of his hips had Cas groaning and gripping the younger man’s lower back tight to him.
"I want you to strip and lay face down on the bed." Dean said calmly.
"Maybe one day." Dean kissed his cheek and pulled away again to finish his meal.
idea.” Cas muttered. “Talk about putting us on the spot.” He hmphed.
"Only if you want to. Like I said, I love sleeping next to you. But it's fine if you need some time to yourself too." Cas didn't want to seem clingy. A Dom should not be clingy.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Dean lied again, a blush working its way down his neck as more and more people began to pay attention to them.
“Do you trust me, Dean?” Cas asked sincerely.
“Lay down on your stomach.” Cas instructed him softly and Dean gulped before complying; laying face down in the middle of the bed, before Cas had him lift his hips to put a pillow underneath him. The older man covered his body with his own, kissing his cheek before kissing his way down Dean’s back until he reached the swell of his ass. He grabbed both cheeks in his hands and pulled them apart, exposing the virgin hole between them. Dean clenched his eyes tight against the raw vulnerability he was feeling at being so exposed to the older man’s view.
