As his breathing slowed and his gag reflex relaxed, Tony glared over his shoulder at the god. Or, he did his best to, anyway. He got the distinct impression that he didn’t succeed, though, as tears, drool, and other liquids dripped from his eyes, nose, and the corners of his mouth.
The man glanced up again and caught Steve’s eye. Steve’s mouth curled into a soft grin as he dipped his head to the ground to stare at his shoes. God. They weren’t even close to being as nice as the Oxfords. He frowned at one particular scuff over the faux-leather covering his big toe. From the corner of his eye, Steve thought he caught the man returning his smile, and something Steve couldn’t place lurking behind those amber eyes.
Steve couldn’t stop his gasp of surprise but tried to school his face. “I could talk all day about Bucky. You’ll have to be more specific.”
Tony, laughed, though it came out a little bit brittle. “You’re not the only one who swoons at Captain America, Agent. And you haven’t even seen him really turn it on. He does that aw-shucks smile at them and they fall all over themselves to do anything he asks. He even broke Romanoff. Your lovely scientist – what was her name? Jemma? – was oh so eager to be helpful when he asked.”
There was something to that stability. The familiarity. It was good.
“Nay!” Thor boomed, and Tony jumped. If that hadn’t woken him up, then Tony was definitely, unfortunately, awake.
“And what’s your name, soldier?” he asked, voice going soft, quieting like it was only the two of them in the room.
The place where the arc reactor once shown through was shattered. The glass was cracked and missing chunks, and the sight of a dark casing, where he could see the gears and miniaturized workings of the reactor, all the things that made it tick, all the things he wasn’t supposed to be able to see because there should be a light there made his stomach roil. There should be a light there.
“Sorry,” Steve said, shooting Bucky a stern glare. Why couldn’t he just play nice? On today of all days, too. “Are we- um, should we? Know you, that is. Should we know you? It’s- I, uh, sorry. It’s our first day here.”
, he never really did, but it’s like he can
Thoughts ran wild through Steve’s mind as his brain tried to catalogue one specific detail after another like a dying man trying to capture the minutes of his life as they flashed before his eyes. It was almost too much.
Pulling it out, Tony softly thumbed the shiny cover of the metal case. With a smooth caress, he reached to the sides and pressed the latches. There was a hiss as the case cracked opened a small hairline of a fissure after so much time being ignored, but he didn’t push the lid the rest of the way up. Not yet.
Tony watched as the tip of his toe vanished where the Earth’s troposphere had been opened up before him. He didn’t so much have the time to give the very intriguing scientific anomaly that was currently occurring in front of him a proper thought before pain like he’d never known before was going through him. And that was all he could register because the rest of his senses were gone. There was nothing except the overwhelming sensation of being pulled and torn apart.
Getting onto his hands and knees, Tony searched beneath their bed, palming at the scratchy carpet in search of the briefcase he always kept there. The one Pepper didn’t know about. The armor in the case wasn’t as fleshed out with finesse and a mountain of much needed upgrades like the suit in his workshop was, but it would do for what he hoped Thor had in mind. Really, he was only there for the research and science portion of this little pet project. Tony doubted Thor would let him anywhere close to the bad guy after their little conversation, but he might need to poke around. People in politics always had a tendency to hide things right beneath the noses of their subordinates.
he got wherever here is.
Gingerly, Tony reaches a quivering hand to circle around the metallic casing that carves out about an inch and a half through his sternum. He runs the pads of his fingertips slowly, carefully over the metal again and again, like a hypnotist. Now, all he’s doing is waiting for the right word to cast him from his spell and make everything return to normal. No human barking like a dog to see here.
Standing up, Pepper brushed the nonexistent dust off of herself, turning to face Tony fully. “You’re just in time. Did FRIDAY tell you to come up? I have some things for you to sign before tomorrow’s meeting.”
On those days, he couldn’t help but wonder if he’d ever really had Pepper. Ever really had a shot at the whole happy life, nuclear family deal. His life was becoming eerily similar to
The breath caught in his throat for a moment, feeling his eyes glaze over as he lost himself to the urgent pull of the past. Staring out across the expansive universe around him. Trillions upon trillions of stares poking through the darkness of his vision, but even that vast amount of light couldn’t overcome the nothingness that reached the insurmountable miles between each dying star.
A part of him, a large part if he was so inclined to acknowledge, wanted to start laughing maniacally. Because
There was visible amusement in the man’s posture as he folded his arms and squinted up at Bucky. Steve worked hard to keep the laughter building in his chest from bubbling up and out of his throat. The upward arch of the man’s spine as he moved again to place his hands on his hips, a narrowed, challenging look in his face that made Steve think of an animal analyzing its prey before pouncing; he thought Natasha would adore him. The man looked like he was gearing up to chastise a messy child, and he wouldn’t be wrong.
But he was also angry with them. Furious. They should have been there; they could have helped. Probably would have been useful to have a king of an entire alien nation helping him out with the political side of the Accords. And having another pair of genius eyes might have helped smooth the road for all of them. Not to mention that the entire team could’ve used a healthy dose of Bruce’s calm.
The smell of carbolic acid and antiseptic begins breaching his nostrils. Tony can
His face begins to tingle as he stares up into the empty expanse of sky. The lack of clouds is worrisome, and the lack of wind even more so. Tony has no idea what layers lie in the atmosphere above him, but if there is no weather... He can’t be sure if some sort of troposphere is going to mitigate the climate or if a stratosphere is preventing UV rays from frying him. Hell, for all he knows, the exosphere is the only layer around him and this place is going to lose oxygen faster than his body can take it in if the planet is already tidally locked around a red dwarf.
Breaking that stupid, glass box with the old arc reactor, shattering it onto the ground and watching as the faded piece of junk rolled like a top over the broken shards of glass had been oddly cathartic. Tony had stared down at it, the engraving moving too fast at first to read the words. Before it could stop, because Tony didn’t think he could take it if he
It was all par for the course.
There was no explaining how much he desperately needed the outside to match the inside. Not even when Pepper walked in and stopped dead in her tracks when she saw what he’d done to her gift. He could see in the way her eyes widened with hurt and pain, the way she slowly trailed off to stare at the remains of what had once been a promise between the two of them, that she would never understand. Could never understand. She’d never get that it had nothing to do with her. That this wasn’t about her.
Fuck, he should’ve just kept them gone after the attack in Miami. Instead, he set up new shop in New York and never looked back.
The Iron Man armor was due for an upgrade. Had
Steve got to bear witness to some of the most astounding pieces of technology he’d ever seen in his life hot off the press. Most of the pieces he was assigned to came from the laboratories and warehouses located on the lower levels of Stark Tower, but when a metallic prosthetic for an arm found its way to his desk, he had to wonder.
“I don’t understand,” she began slowly, tone quiet. “I thought you’d stopped that. After you came back to me, after the Accords. You promised me you’d stop. Iron Man’s not needed anymore. What, with the Avengers gone and new countermeasures intact. He isn’t a part of the picture.
Biting into the cherry peach tart, Steve lurched forward as a molasses spill of custard and honey dribbled down his chin.
It always wanted to remind him.
Settling himself into the chair, Tony leaned back, contemplating. He didn’t recognize the number, and it seemed FRIDAY couldn’t pinpoint an exact location if the “Out of Area” message was anything to go by. His number was private and more difficult to obtain than the director of the F.B.I.’s. Tony figured it out within the hour, by way, which was saying something.
His eyes wandered over to the Iron Man suit, and Tony wished he could say he hesitated even the slightest before clicking the green “Accept” button.
Steve was enraptured with the sudden need to capture Tony Stark in a moment. Every sighting became twice as monumental than they had been before. A fleeting breath of earthen locks and tanned skin outside Steve’s office window, a lithe body walking up a flight of stairs, a sloppy smile in S.I.’s café as Mr. Stark carried a bagel between impish sharp teeth and a cup of coffee held aloft in one hand while the other was busy in a wild dance on the keypad of his phone.
Once again, Tony tries to squint his eyes open, face pinching even more at the attempt.
He was letting her down. Tony knew that. He knew he’d been letting her down for years, now.
And then there was that swelling in Steve’s chest, warm and dizzying and constricting his every breath. Mr. Stark turned to him, and Steve saw a minuscule, barely-there shift in the man’s eyes as he looked at Steve. Blink and you’d miss it.
. The only thing lacking is Jim Carrey and his merry band of misfit facial expressions and vocal tones.
He wanted to smack himself in the face.
Tilting his head, the man looked to Steve for a moment before glancing toward Bucky. “You don’t know?” he asked.
Her image was much sharper, now. All Tony’s jagged edges having chipped away at once soft features. He had somehow twisted her enough so that the fond exasperation, heartfelt pride, and joy had been replaced by disappointment, anger, and annoyance. The worst part was, Tony couldn’t figure out how to untwist it. It felt like every time he tried, it was wound tighter. A coil steadily tightening to become a spring before shooting off in the distance.
the doctor’s popping on their latex gloves, the scalpels and lancets and drill bits and all the other surgical tools rattling in that metallic tray. He can feel the sharp noises bounce around his skull like a pinball. There’s still the taste of the Propofol exuding from its home of a triangular mask lingering in a thick layer over his tongue. And he knows,
Out of everything in his life, Tony had never thought it would be his lab that would become the thing that became practically unfamiliar.
“It’s been going off for the past hour, boss,” she told him.
He can feel the increase of rage flooding through him like plasma in a star before a stabbing pain pierces through his brain. As if a knife were being plunged into his right temple.
Tony’s scowl deepened, a flush of annoyance rinsing his insides. He didn’t need pity. He didn’t need guilt-induced kindness. Jerking his chin at Bruce, Tony said, “I still don’t see why you need me. Seems you have your very own scientific genius right there with you.”
In the middle of his chest, scarred with an array of reddened, raised skin and harsh, deep lines, is the arc reactor. Its chromed casing glints. Can’t really deny that, now.
He and machines had never gotten along so well. His mom always used to joke that he could break anything running on electricity with a single, dour look. It was frustrating, the way these things never seemed to be able to work right, but every time he tried to make them work at all, bend their will to his own, they snapped. Or he may have snapped them. Rubbing circles into his temple with his fingers, Steve sighed. He couldn’t tell anymore.
He can
She scoffed, folding her arms and looking anywhere but Tony. He could see her jaw ticking in anger and inwardly flinched. “I’ve heard that one before,” she said through those clenched teeth.
, he thinks.
to make sure Peter, Strange, and anyone else fighting would be prepared.
He glanced back to his right. Bucky had made some comment under his breath a moment ago about the man’s choice of attire; he’d added on some tacky line about “kids these days,” and “getting old and going downhill.” Steve smiled and rolled his eyes. The man couldn’t be younger than twenty, and he and Bucky were twenty-five.
Sure, the outfit wasn’t the most professional of choices, but that didn’t mean Steve didn’t appreciate it.
, he thought absentmindedly as he made lethargic steps towards the doors of the lab.
Rancid bile rises in his throat again, and Tony knows he’s going to puke. Coughing, his stomach convulses, squeezing his esophagus, lurching and abetting in the rise of stomach acid. A small dribble escapes his mouth, and Tony lets out a high pitched keen as his stomach continues to cramp up. Nothing else comes up; he can’t remember the last time he’s eaten.
Sighing, Tony slumped back against the wall of the elevator. He let his chin hit his chest, shivering at the chill of metal seeped into his back. Pepper was right, of course. She always was. He really had thought that that battle had been his last; Tony didn’t think he’d put the suit on again besides a quick joy-ride that didn’t bring as much joy as it once had and maybe one or two quick getaways from things like galas and board meetings.
The remainder of Tony’s shock seeped out of his system leaving only emptiness in its wake. It was terrifying how intimate he’d become with this nothingness, but there wasn’t a thing to be done about that now. It was over. He’d been angry at first. Furious beyond belief. Until it faded, leaving absence in its scarring footprints.
Schooling his expression, Tony shifted himself forward. He placed his elbows on the titanium table in front of him, feeling the chill writhe into his bones. Suppressing a shiver, Tony pushed his elbows farther in, relishing in the physical pain.
Tony shivered.
Everything grounds to a halt, and an eerie calm washes over him.
And here he always thought he’d love doing these things.
After some time, Tony slumps forward with a sigh. He struggles to get his legs out from underneath him, but, eventually, he’s rewarded with managing to splay them out in front of him. Tony preens, stretching his neck up to pull at the aching muscles in his arching back, flexing his feet to feel the tug up through his calves and to his hamstrings. When was the last time he’d been this relaxed?
Frantic footsteps resounding in his ringing ear canals made him look up from where his head was hanging over his chest. He registered a tight grip coming around his bicep and pulling him up. There were frantic hands at his chest, brushing over his chest, pressing momentarily at the center of his chest until darting away, and Tony felt himself pulled into something firm, but soft and hauntingly warm.
“I honestly don’t know how I could possibly be any fucking clearer,” Tony snapped. He continued to lean back in his chair, feeling it dip and roll with a warning groan at the shifting of his weight, and folded his arms. Hardening his gaze, Tony levelled them with a glare. “Everyone’s favorite super soldier decided to pull a
Tony had tried his damnedest to come up with something, anything, but it was like his own mind had decided to play hide and seek with him as well. The board of investors were breathing down his neck, the tenseness in Pepper’s shoulders kept growing, even the R&D department seemed to be waiting with bated breath.
As Jarvis had piloted him away, Tony had looked back one last time, eyes darting between the shield and the mannequin. The shield hadn’t been the only fake thing on display.
It was just… it was easier, he admitted. When it came to these things, it was much simpler to call and – if the odds were in his favor – leave a voicemail. That way they could skip the arguing part that, on some – most – days, dominated their relationship.
“What do you want me to say?” he asked, and she raised one perfectly sculpted brow at him.
Around him, Steve heard the whirring of the elevator come to a stall. It slowed and came to a stop. The light above the doors blinked once, twice above the red numbers of twenty-three. The doors opened, and both Bucky and the man looked towards them. Choruses of amused chatter reached Steve’s ears, and Bucky began to step out. Steve followed, glancing at the man while he passed. Those impossibly large eyes beamed up at him. Steve felt like he had to be beaming back like an absolute loon.
Rain had been a scarce novelty in the backlogs of the Afghani desert, and it had been one of those things Steve had missed most about home. But the calming static kept being punctured by random bursts of sharp noise that translated into something all-too familiar and recent in his memories. Each piercing screech resonated through his ear canals, setting Steve more and more on edge as it began to fill his head with a frayed and worn fuzz that numbed everything in its war path.
Tony’s breath lodged itself somewhere beneath his Adam’s apple, and for a moment, he had trouble getting a decent one past it. A million thoughts raced through his head, a million questions he wanted to voice.
the heat would get uncomfortable soon.
What frustrated him the most was he had no solid idea what he needed to prepare for. There were too many variables. Too many possibilities, and if he missed just one…
When he does manage to get his feet under him, his legs continue to wobble, making his first few attempted steps unsteady. Tony stares down at his feet, watching his vision pull apart into two before smashing back together. He realizes he has no idea how long he’s been out.
God, Tony hoped they wouldn’t bother making another one. The last film had been pathetic, at
Bucky cleared his throat, and Steve had to close his eyes and pull in more slow, deep breaths. The scent of cherries calmed through his veins. He wanted to give the man some kind of warning, but Steve was pretty sure saying, “Sorry that my friend is about to make the rest of this elevator ride miserable and uncomfortable for the both of us because he’s bored,” was grounds for ending whatever it was they were doing with their game of eye-tag.
His five sightings had taken Bruce by surprise. According to him, between Mr. Stark’s California branch and this one, and Mr. Stark’s growing negotiations with other countries and businesses, Bruce and many other employees had a running joke that they’d never seen Tony Stark stand still, much less stay in one place for more than a couple of days.
With a gagging intake of breath, Tony snaps his eyes open. He hadn’t even realized he’d closed them.
When they stepped off, Bucky looked back towards the man with a raised brow. Steve twitched at the sound of the noise coming to a bar. Everyone’s heads raised and pointed towards them.
He’d been sitting in his lab, and by the aches in his back, he’d been sitting there tinkering for far too long. With a groan, Tony placed his hands in the curve of his lower back, pressing in and pushing himself forward into an arching stretch. A few pops rattled the bones, and he rolled his shoulders, tilting his head from side to side. Aches or no, he still had suits to work on.
It was his favorite position as of yet. He was a part of the team that helped design the logos and packaging for every new Stark product coming off the line. And because it seemed Tony Stark was a chronic workaholic with a mind that moved in time with the speed of light, Steve was jumping from one project to another in rapid succession. The things Mr. Stark could think of, create, and churn out were as much awe-inspiring as they were humbling.
Didn’t hurt that a stack of blank paper, a few mechanical pencils, and a couple of erasers weren’t the most expensive pastimes on the block.
This time would be different. Tony would swear it. After this trip, nothing would be the same.
he thought.
With the vow set in his mind, Tony became resolute in his actions. The promise of having Pepper back in his life was worth any sacrifice.
A grin tugged lightly at his lips. Not enough to do much more than bring him a ghost of a smile, but enough for his heart to beat just a bit faster. Explosions weren’t so bad.
at this point, and Tony did not appreciate it at all.
He watched the scenes in his head the way a kid would a stick figure flipbook, and he wondered how he could make it a reality. Each scene, each drawing, singular and captivating, combining to create this entire story of Them. Of what could be.
Steve let the tenseness seep from his shoulders. Whoever this man was, Steve could tell he had what it took to deal with Bucky. Steve even suspected he might just come out on top.
“Went to Columbia University and graduated at the top of our class,” Bucky said, a hint of pride that was innocent enough. “Joined the army, did a couple’a tours. How ‘bout you? Where’d you go to school? Are you still in school? You look a little young to be working for Stark Industries.”
He went to the appointments, and the clockwork began. They’d ask what’s wrong, and he’d give them the abridged version. Then came more questions and the poking of wounds as if talking, prodding, investigating the dark places in his soul were a viable option for his healing. They’d make suggestions on how to cope with things they knew nothing about – at least from firsthand experience – like take a walk in the park at least once a day. Tony snorted. As if not staring at the birds and bees for long enough was the cause of all his ailments. Sometimes, when they really had no idea what to do with him, they’d suggest drugs.
There were a lot of people who associated explosions with the ending of life. Trust him, he used to be one of them. When that bomb landed next to him, the bright, sharp white letters of STARK spelled over its dark surface, he saw the boom and his death before anything could actually happen outside of the slow haze his mind had filtered into. Even after it didn’t kill him, it sure as hell felt like it did.
It didn’t take long for Tony to pack up his things from around his and Pepper’s Spartan bedroom. He tossed through their sheets in case there was something in the perfectly made bed he might need. Threw perfectly folded clothes over his shoulders onto their vacuumed and steamed carpet until rumpled piles littered on the once empty floor. Knocked over the holder for his toothbrush as he grabbed the thing to shove into a steadily bulging backpack.
He felt his heart sink a little. So that was the reason for the smile.
Somehow, it was.
is exactly why we answer our inter-galactic cell phones. See, the band’s broken up, boys.”
So Tony understood the equation: explosion equals death. It seemed like a no brainer.
Rhodey always managed to somehow sound fond, though, when he said these things. Tony’s pretty sure Rhodey only embarked on his annoyance escapades because he knew how much it bugged Tony.
The question was a pompous and rude one that would have set Steve on edge any other time, but the way the man said it, like he was genuinely curious, made Steve dart another intrigued look toward him.
Everything came to a startling halt the days his mom stopped coming home in the evenings, working herself into an oblivion that killed her, all because he ended up costing her more than her life.
Steve suspected he was more obvious than he’d first thought if one conversation with Bruce Banner had the man rolling his eyes and muttering about hopeless admirers under his breath. When Steve invited Bruce to join him and Bucky for lunch, he’d regretted it almost as soon as they’d sat down. Bucky had taken one look at the project before bursting into fits of laughter and informing their newest companion of what he liked to call, “Steve’s little obsession.”
“It’s Bruce now, huh?” he asked, trying to keep his voice from rasping. “Well, not so sorry to say you’re a little late,” Tony commented, waving his hand in a noncommittal gesture, eyes sliding to the suit for an unbidden second.
Before his mind could sanction anything off, Pepper was looking up, eyes catching his in the dim lighting, and she smiled. Tony almost changed his mind then and there because it was a smile that was so content and open and not one that he got to see a whole lot of anymore. Like some game of “Where’s Waldo?”, Tony always felt like he was working, searching, for that smile. And here it was, being given so freely, and he couldn’t help the swell of something warm expanding in his chest.
Because this was Tony Stark. This was the kid who’d grown up in the spotlight. The one Steve used to judge off bits and scraps from word of mouth when he was younger. Until his mom had chastised him on the crudeness that came with his unwillingness to find understanding and empathy for someone he knew nothing about. The one who Steve had begun to admire for his bravery and generosity and genius as he grew up. Tony Stark was the man Steve used to hope would end up okay and pray for when he believed in a merciful God. Because Steve had thought he’d understood, then. Just a bit.
Steve shook his head, and Bucky let out a grunt that implied his unimpressed stature very well.
Steve swiped back the stringy hair falling into his eyes; he needed a haircut. Pinning the note to the back of his mind, he swooped his pen towards the paper in clear threat.
Steve felt heat clamber through his entire face as he closed his mouth with a resounding snap. Well, it resounded in his own skull; he wasn’t sure if it was a mortifying echo to anyone else’s ears.
The man’s gaze lifted to Bucky’s, and Steve wanted to turn around and glower at him.
Tony folded his hands together and rested his chin on them. Tilting his head, he gave them a mockery of a smile. “Well,” he drawled, “the thing is,
“Fine,” he said almost viciously, falling back in his chair. A twitching feeling trickled down his spine, and Tony couldn’t help thinking he’d just been monumentally played. Tricked. He’d had his hand forced. Trapped.
Closing and opening his eyes lethargically, Tony looks on dumbly. He doesn’t think that should be there. Not anymore.
The corners of Mr. Stark’s eyes crinkled a fraction more, and Steve realized he’d been staring. Opening his mouth to say something, he muted himself in an instant as Mr. Stark ducked beneath the umbrella and came around the table to sit. He shrugged off his oversized coat, settling it on the back of the black rattan chair across from Steve. Pulling it out, he took a seat, his coat trailing behind him as he scooted closer until their knees were brushing together.
He’d seen Tony Stark a total of five times and spoke to him an exact amount of zero over the course of the past six months. Steve couldn’t help being disappointed despite the numerous times he’d been told seeing Mr. Stark more than once a year was a rarity in and of itself.
tip the scales? I’m Iron Man. I’m
Another shiver wracked his drooping body at the thought.
His skin continues to prickle, and he uses the back of a shaking hand to wipe the beads of sweat now forming on his brow and gathering at the back of his neck. He
Steve couldn’t help it. He let out a loud laugh, tossing his arm around Bucky’s shoulders.
He shuffled himself a little closer to the man, making a covert attempt to put his body between his and Bucky’s.
His vision finds its way back to the… thing in his chest, and Tony takes the unconstrained seizing of his muscles as a personal offense. Taking a jagged breath, heaving it past the blockage in his throat, he firmly reaches his other hand towards his chest. His fingers dig in, clawing at the suit frantically. Tony watches the plunge of his nails as they desperately dig into the fabric to get the clothes off.
Jesus, they were in his building. They were his employees as of a week ago.
He stays. For now, it’s a nice feeling.
was a feeling he could handle. A feeling he knew all too well.
A dampened sigh trickled from Steve’s lips, and he began bouncing his leg beneath the table in the mockery of action. He made another vain attempt to train his focus back on his sketchpad and onto the blank page leering up at him with its white glare. The same series of images that had been taunting him for the past six months – a flipbook of mental photographs – scrolled through his head, and Steve wiped a sweaty palm over his face, feeling more exhausted than before he’d gone to bed.
“Shit,” Tony says in a dazed huff. He’s somehow managed to find himself in the middle of a massive tarpit.
, her with him. Nothing in his life seemed to make sense right now. He could recognize that. Nothing made sense. Nothing but her.
There was no digging the idea out of his mind after that.
The jarring, forceful slap of an explosion the size of New York City in his face was nothing compared to the expanse of
Shame lingered on the tip of his tongue, and he found he had forgotten the man’s name again after their brief Facebook rendezvous. What was worse was knowing that his flailing desperation had been so etched into every crevice of his life that a man he no longer spoke to had seen him struggling a mile away. But as much as Steve hated taking handouts, the man hadn’t been wrong.
“I prefer the blueberry ones, myself,” a gentle hum meandered from behind him.
As dying moments went, quickly losing oxygen out beyond the reaches of the human race where people surmounted to theories of a God and His afterlife, Tony doubted any would be more derogating.
His eyes darted toward the buttons, all ninety-three of them, before skimming up to watch the red, digital letters tick off the passing floors like the lightning round at the end of a game. Steve swallowed, sucking in as deep a breath he could to encourage his heart to slow down.
When Tony looked back, the gatekeeper was staring at him in a way that gave him the sense that this man knew exactly what he was thinking. Exactly what he was feeling. Tony had never felt more exposed, more transparent in his life. So he forced his thoughts away, tucking his unsavory emotions in that box where he kept all of them these days in lieu of a gratifying apathy and took a firm step forward.
As he’d run his fingers over the soft, smoothed surface, Steve couldn’t fight the feeling that this one… this one came right from Tony Stark himself. A blooming warmth sprouted from his stomach, and he’d sat down and spent the next couple hours poring over the gift in front of him.
He and Bucky had been lucky enough to get the interviews from one of his mom’s old co-workers. He’d come to the funeral and given Steve peonies that made him think of the sunsets she used to enjoy. Steve hadn’t remembered the gentleman’s name, not after his tour, and guilt flickered in the back of his mind.
“Uh,” Bruce said, turning back to the screen. “Yes, right. Well, we need you guys to come to Asgard.”
To his left, Steve heard Bucky begin to shuffle his weight, the scrit-scratching of his shoe on the Berber carpet like the sound of a car gearing up and revving its engine.
“Thank you,” Thor said, his voice sounding solemn in Tony’s ringing ears. “Heimdall will open the gate in an hour’s time on the roof of Avenger’s tower.”
A hand clapped Steve’s shoulder, and he startled at the reminder that there were other people in the room. Bucky was looking at him, eyes darting around Steve’s face.
The question sends a spike of terror through him.
Lord knew Steve didn’t have the guts to do that himself. There were thirty-eight missed calls contained in a little red bubble on his phone from a litany of doctors, pharmacists, and therapists reminding him to make appointments and pick up medications he couldn’t afford and that Bucky knew nothing about.
“Hey there,” she said softly.
Some days, everything seemed alright. Like maybe, just maybe, he could hold on to this and not let it slip away. Other days, most days, he admitted, it felt like grasping at smoke. How did the song go? He couldn’t recall. Tony only remembered enough to know you couldn’t solve a problem like Maria and a bunch of useless euphemism to prove just that point.
“I gotta admit,” Tony sighed after the beat of silence went on for a bout too long, “my patience is running very thin as of late. The two of you, here, are
Something escapes his throat: a caustic huff of air as he fights back a whimper. Well, he’s not actually sure what to do now.
They hadn’t been there, though. They didn’t help. So yeah, Tony, as unfair as the logical side of his brain told him it was, partially blamed them as well.
He stared with bare awe, catching himself when Mr. Stark let out a huff of a laugh, shoulders hunching as he began to lean forward. Slender fingers cupped the right of his mouth as if he were about to share a secret. Without thinking, Steve leaned towards him, like being pulled in by a massive force of gravity. Pleasant amusement swayed in the depths of Mr. Stark’s pupils. He reached his other hand forward and tapped a single melodic note under Steve’s chin.
, he’ll find nothing underneath. Find it to be a trick of the light. Because what else could it be if not a trick of the fucking light?
, he reminds himself.
Steve thought to himself, sucking in a half-breath.
He tries not to recall. Tony finds he’s not eager to let this pleasant thrum go just yet.
, his mind warns as something tugs at the skin and facial hair on the side of his face and chin.
The feeling continued to swell as the door swung shut.
“I do not understand,” Thor said. Tony sat back, crossing his legs and watching as confusion crossed Thor’s features, settling them into a deep frown.
their hands digging into his chest. Just like Yinsen’s hands. Like a dark cave where only a car battery would do. An abomination he turned into his saving grace then rejected once again.
“They need me,” and his voice sounded small even to him.
It’d been a surprise; they had no way of knowing about the incoming bomb. It hadn’t been his fault. That’s what Bucky kept telling him, anyway. The investigations, the hard-hitting interrogations, had a knack of making Steve think otherwise. “How did you manage to be the one person to come back alive?” they wanted to know.
The realization brought a brief pause and a shutter to wrack his body. Was there anyone on Earth who truly knew him or was everyone susceptible to the charade he’d so firmly practiced and perfected?
Tony watched, in his mind’s eye, as that fragile bridge shattered in his tired hands yet again. He swallowed thickly, letting himself surrender to the fatigue and the inevitable, and opened his too dry mouth to answer her.
There was a vat in the corner of his lab holding a reworking of a gold-titanium chest plate fit for a slightly smaller chest. If Tony soaked the metal in that acid for long enough to create a networking of pores, he could fill and trap a saline solution within the body of the metal. It was simple after that. All he had to do was introduce an electrical charge into the liquid, which had become iodized, and by strengthening and weakening the atomic bonding within the metal by giving or taking away extra electrons, the strength of the material could more than double when necessary.
Tilting his head back up, their eyes snapped to one another’s. This time, Steve could make something akin to confusion swimming through flecks of deep greens and golds. He got the distinct impression that he was being asked some silent question, but he couldn’t figure out what it was.
“Hey,” he replied, voice coming out rough, and he found himself fighting against a lump forming in his throat.
Tony let out a breath. A little under an hour.
A wavering thought about needing to pack dawdled in the back of his mind. Tony glanced at the suit again, then tore his eyes away. No, the one under his and Pepper’s bed, the one tucked away safely in a suitcase, that’s the one he’d use. It was archaic. Very old in comparison to the last suit, but it was untouched. Not broken or cracked or so far caved in it cracked his sternum and some of his ribs. So it was perfect.
“You lost your glasses,” he blurted because his filter was failing at keeping guard over his mouth. He closed his eyes on his next exhale, sending up a quick prayer for the cement beneath to crack open a gaping maw and suck him under in disaster-like proportions. He doubted anything could be worse than what Bucky always referred to as his hopeless imitations of Rick Blaine (which he’d only seriously done once in an attempt to talk to one of the fellas he’d seen perusing the bar at one of the clubs they’d haunted before their deployment. It’d ended with one of the bathroom quickies Steve had enjoyed for the many months following his mom’s death, so it wasn’t like it
“They need
His mom always had said he was a hopeless romantic.
Steve wanted to reach forward and run his fingertips over it; find the ridges where the scar ended. He craved to know if there was a way to soothe the skin there and make any lasting pain go away.
, Tony thinks.
It did feel good having it in his hands again, though. To have his eyes on it.
For an enduring amount of time, Steve hadn’t been sure he’d make it through whatever illness would plague him next. At first, he’d copy down the comics from the papers and the pictures around the house he liked best to pass the days confined to his bed away. Little things here, smaller things there to keep his mind preoccupied, which, in turn, meant he got a great deal of practice as days turned into weeks turned into months.
He paused before walking further into the room. Tony had to come up with some sort of tactic, a plan of sorts, to broach the subject. A way to tell her he was leaving, yet again, to do the thing she hated most that didn’t involve sneaking to the stairway on the opposite end of the hallway he’d just exited. As much as Tony desperately wanted to do that, and his eyes dipped longingly back to where he’d come, he was trying to be better at this kind of stuff. For her.
Craning his neck back, Tony searches the skies. Nothing. It’s like the entire thing is some domed ceiling with screens emitting one harmonious image like one of those God awful flat Earth models or
“What do you mean?” Bruce questioned, and Tony’s eyes snapped back to the screen. The two faces in front of him looked confused and he had to hold himself back from bursting into laughter. Or something worse.
Steve’s heart gave a screeching putter, his head whipping up before he could so much as put his thoughts into actions. Mr. Stark’s curled, wild hair was shimmering with raindrops that never got to reach the grounds of the New York streets. The collar of his black and grey paneled duffle coat was pulled up along with his shoulders as he tensed in on himself, and Steve almost couldn’t make out those deep brown eyes over all of that. Despite the tremors zipping through his crossed arms, Mr. Stark’s delicate features wrinkled in a syrupy smile. His irises twinkled with the yellows, reds, and greens of the streetlights, headlights, and traffic lights that reflected within puddles pooling in the cracks and twists of the asphalt around them.
picture.”
“What the hell was that?” Bucky asked, shaking his head, expression bewildered.
The clashing sound of thunder all around him made Tony practically jump out of his skin. He whipped around, heart racing. It was a sound that brought so much nostalgic familiarity, and his eyes darted around wildly, searching for something his mind had tried to block out.
It was Thor who broke his stupor first, making Tony swivel his head towards the god. “If we cannot get the Avengers,” Thor trailed off with a tone of remorse, not quite reaching Tony’s eyes as if he knew Tony blamed him and agreed with this assessment. Tony pursed his lips, a guilt so familiar but one he knew he goddamn didn’t deserve, not this time, curling in his stomach. But it wasn’t as if he really blamed Thor. He knew whose fault all this was as much as he liked to rattle off names and point fingers.
Then everything slammed back together, and Tony was gagging for the second time that day. He did his best to get a heave of air into his lungs as his abdomen contracted and convulsed. His vision came back, tears clogging his eyes and distorting the reflective, gold image of the floor beneath him. Tony’s arms shook with a mixture of weakness and chill as the cold surface seeped into his skin.
As if it had been that that made them want to drive him out, Steve thought, feeling his jaw tick in protest as he smashed his teeth together.
“And you’re right. I don’t, well, in the light of being honest, I don’t exactly work for S.I.,” he said, phrasing it like it was an admittance.
He couldn’t turn his nose up at such an offer; couldn’t afford to. Neither him nor Bucky. Not after Bucky had been honorably-discharged and given a small wad of gauze to patch up what was left of his bleeding stump and a prosthetic arm that was, at the end of the day, a fancy looking heap of junk. Not long after med bay had diagnosed Steve with a long list of “worrisome behaviors” – their words, not his – that pointed to things like PTSD and depression, his generals had deemed him unfit for service.
Forcing his face into a frown, a mask, Tony folded his arms and leaned back into his chair. “To be clear,” he said, narrowing his eyes at the Asgardian and one missing Dr. Banner, “what I’m seeing right now is not a hallucination or a dream. All real. Because you called me. Called me like I spent a couple years calling you,” he threw out, tone nonchalant. “Looking for you. The both of you, but especially Dr. Banner over there. So, what? The ‘Ignore Call’ was the go-to up until now because…?” he prompted.
Despite the rift that had formed between them somewhere between coming back from Afghanistan and finally falling in love for the first time, Tony was determined to fix it. He’d build a damn bridge if he had to. Leave the suit on the other side and burn it as he crossed.
Biting his lip, he looked back down, tucking his hands deep into his pockets and swaying between the balls and heels of his feet. “I’m sorry, Pep. I swear to you, this is the last time, but they said they needed me.”
Steve’s eyes began to roam over the man, curiosity spiking in his gut even though it still hadn’t quite caught up to them yet. His nose was a mere inch away from making direct contact with the screen, and a rectangular, white reflection shone in the curve of his large, rounded glasses. Brown eyes shimmered like citrines, wild and excited beneath the frames lining them. There was a wildness in the twists of the man’s dark hair that Steve would’ve thought black had the lights not tinged the ends an earthen brown.
The shining metal begins to dim, and Tony pulls himself from his stupor. Black streaks trail after his fingers as they loop the arc reactor. When Tony pulls his hand away, he watches the black stretch like gum between his fingers and the reactor.
his coping mechanisms are failing.
Maybe, just
“If we cannot get the Avengers,” Thor continued, and Tony blinked at them, keeping his face impassive, “then I would be overjoyed to have the venerable Man of Iron by my side once again.” Thor gave Tony a small smile that Tony couldn’t find it in himself to return. Times for smiling were rare these days. Precious. They weren’t something to be given out casually. Not for something like this. “I believe your skills are what will truly tip the scales in our favor. Heimdall can open the portal for you within the hour.”
Sitting back, he slumped against the floor and wiped his face with the front of his shirt. For a while, he let himself float. His head felt like it was cloudy and stuffed with cotton. Like, a lot of cotton. The feeling was eerily similar to overdosing on drugs.
Just a few more names to add to his ledger. His hands were getting bloodier by the minute, and no amount of soap and bleach could ever possibly remove it all.
Frantically, Tony works his way to his feet. He growls as his arms shake when they take his weight, and he tries to lock them into submission as he shoves himself up. A wooziness overcomes him as he makes it upright and straightens out. And then he’s pitching forward and falling back to the ground. He tries again. Tony’s not sure how long this heat will last, but it’s probably the only thing keeping the tar melted enough for him to move. He has no desire to become La Brea’s next exhibit.
Tony always had. This was the first time he’d felt cold up here, but this was also the first time he’d come up alone.
It's what he told himself, anyway, when she buried those looks beneath something else he refused to see because he didn’t deserve it and stepped over the mess to pull him to her chest, rocking him while he tried not to break down.
Bruce pushed forward closer to the screen, and Tony barely held back an eyeroll at the matching, gawking expression. “What do you mean?”
So Tony forced himself to release his hold, his muscles shattering the thin layer of ice that surrounded them as he jostled them into movement. Sluggishly, he tipped swollen lids towards the clock glaring at him from the bottom right corner of the holoscreen. 9:57.
However, Tony’s mature enough now to admit there may have been a little bit of ‘life-lesson-teaching’ in there about drinking and aggressive partying that took the form of Rhodey-shaped karma – something that was apparently Rhodey’s way of protecting a young, naïve sheep from much older wolves. Tony never understood the why of this, but he has never been one to look a foundation of friendship in the mouth.
the last thing he can remember? He’s been so focused on where here might be, he hadn’t bothered to get around to
He watched with dubious scrutiny as Thor nodded, bobbing up and down worse than a bobblehead on a dashboard. “Aye. There have been odd happenings within the castle grounds. We have recently discovered that an ancient being seems to have taken to haunting us. At the moment, we are unsure of their species, whom they are, or why they are here, but this being is becoming increasingly dangerous. I worry it will go beyond castle walls and endanger the rest of my people. After careful thought and consideration, Bruce and I decided it best if this being be met with the full force of the Avengers so we can rid it from my homeland.”
By the time he was done, Tony stood next to their bed staring across the large expanse of room. He had no reason to make a mess of it, especially knowing how much Pepper worked – or hired people to work – to keep it so organized. So tidy.
Thor instantly answered his question. “Because your skills lie within application and creation. Engineering is the mix of all the artforms within Midgard. A marriage of creativity and science. Man of Iron, I would not be asking this of you if I did not believe your presence to be the most viable of options.”
“Like what, Steve?”
Steve cleared his throat. “Well, for me, after my mother died and Bucky was about to be shipped overseas, that person was Erskine, and yeah, I’d say I felt indebted to him.”
Steve tried to emulate Rumlow’s off-putting grin. “That’s the best part, Mr. Secretary. Captain America tends to get a lot of… leeway.”
“Yeah, that’s fair enough. How about for a job?”
JARVIS paused the playback. “Sir, which section of the recording would you like displayed? You deploying the Iron Man suit and leaping out of the window, Scott Lang riding along with the tesseract, or Captain Rogers riding in the elevator with the scepter?”
"Do you know where he is?"
Thor frowned, but agreed.
“Sure, facial recognition for one thing. I also got Romanoff to tell me about the Winter Soldier missions she’s familiar with so I could set up an algorithm to detect any similar incidents.” Steve winced. “Sorry, but we’ve got to assume that since they’ve still got him, they’re still using him. They don’t know that we know.”
The recording stopped and Steve just stood, immobile, wondering what the hell he was going to do now. Well, nowhere to go but forward. “Um, JARVIS? Do you think you could keep the first item on his list to yourself? The proof that he was… me? Boy, that’s odd. I’m going to have to tell the rest of the team that he was here, and what he said about us, but…” Steve took a breath, trying to find the words. It wasn’t like no one had ever known he liked men, but he was pretty sure most of them weren’t in this century.
"Sure, Cap. Whatever you need."
I’m so so sorry it’s been so long. Thank you so much to everyone who commented on the last chapter. It’s the only way I could manage to bring myself back. I developed such a weird block after finishing up the last chapter and couldn’t write anything for weeks. Instead, I played a lot of Animal Crossing lol. And then I got laid off, and I spent the next couple of weeks too overwhelmed to do anything constructive that wasn’t absolutely necessary for life. Good news is that I found a new job!! I won’t be starting until the end of July, so hopefully that means plenty of time to write! Anyway, here it FINALLY is :) As you may have guessed from the title, this chapter is largely about Bucky! I hope you enjoy it!! <3 Stay safe and healthy!
"You always did know me better than anyone but Bucky. Alright, yes, I need something. I'm working with SHIELD now and I have some… concerns. I know you helped found it, which is one of the things that's kept me there, but… maybe I should back up a little. I've been working with a team. They're amazing – you'd like them. Actually, you do like one of them. I work with Tony Stark."
“Very good, Captain. It’s good to see that your mind works the right way. If you’re right, bringing Stark in would be a risk, and it’s not time for the world to know about us yet. Get me the helicarriers and I’ll bring you in. Do you think any of your other little Avengers would be welcoming to our ideas?”
“You can reach me at the Tower at any time. I’m sure JARVIS will be happy to put you through. You reached Stark that way, as I understand it.”
When Steve and Clint swung by to pick up Natasha, Steve saw the two of them exchange a loaded glance that ended with Clint giving a tiny smile and Natasha looking at Steve with a nod. He assumed that was Clint’s way of telling Natasha that they were cool. Clint had apparently succeeded in getting in touch with Thor because he and Bruce were waiting at the tower when they arrived.
“Deal? She’s an Avenger. And a friend. Mostly. I think. Why?”
So I realized that I had the wrong birth year for Natasha (I for some reason had it written down as 1974 instead of 1984), and that would’ve made her 13 when she met and fell in love with Bucky, which is creepy and gross, so I’ve made a few changes to Chapter 2. If you’d like to actually read it, it’s the paragraph that starts “Clint recruited me for SHIELD in the fall of 2000.” The summary is that she was 13, not 23 when they met, and she did fall in love with him in that 13-year-old who falls in love with a movie star or the cute older boy who lives down the street kind of way. Bucky is NOT a creepy predator and did not love her back, but thought of her as a sister and cared for her enough to be kind to her. Steve realizes that Natasha does actually look a little like Bucky’s baby sister. I have therefore also removed the Bucky/Nat tag. I also did a tiny bit of cleaning up of the previous chapters. Just little fixing of commas and typos and whatever.
“I thought I had more time, but with your schedule moved up, I had to get it done. You shouldn’t be undercover with no way to call for backup.”
Steve was just staring at her, open-mouthed, but Bucky had doubled over laughing. “Tony’s friend Pepper is your boss?” Steve asked in disbelief.
In addition to his drawing, the team’s movie nights, his regular training, and his attempts to catch up on 70 years of missed popular culture, Steve started sparring regularly with Natasha. He was actually pretty excited about it. He’d never had time for formal training – he’d gone right from the lab to the chorus line to Nazi Germany. Thanks to the serum, he’d managed just fine. His reflexes, flexibility, and strength were all heightened, and he’d always had a mind for strategy. Up until the Battle of New York, as it was being called, he’d only ever fought against the Red Skull and people weaker than him. He hadn’t really needed to be a superior fighter, but now, he knew he needed every advantage he could get. Natasha, on the other hand, often fought against people physically stronger than her – she hadn’t even hesitated to fight the aliens with enhanced strength – but her prodigious skill allowed her to best nearly anyone.
Now that the whole team had moved into the tower, Steve felt a lot less alone. He was always running into someone. He still sketched a lot in Tony’s workshop, but he also sketched in common areas when Tony was at the office. As he’d both settled into the tower and done more sketching, he found himself able to lose himself in it and forget his surroundings. He knew all the occupants of the tower; none of them were a threat, so he was able to release some of the hypervigilance he’d held onto in his old apartment. While this was generally a good thing, it did come with the downside that now, Natasha could sneak up on him.
“I”m not having this fight with you again. Jim and I are fine to pay for our own wedding. Your wedding gift can be not getting into any trouble while we’re away on our honeymoon.”
“J will put out a dampener that will jam outgoing signals.”
Steve did a double-take. “Shar-Bear? Nevermind. Probably the same reason she didn’t mention knowing you were SHIELD. She didn’t want to trade on Peggy’s name any more than you wanted to trade on Gabe’s. Anyway, the second reason is that I wanted to tell you about something that won’t be public knowledge immediately. Bucky Barnes is not dead. When they experimented on him at Azzano, they injected him with some form of the serum, and he survived the fall from the train. He was captured and brainwashed by Soviet Hydra scientists. He’s been in and out of a cryo containment unit for decades. They’ve used him to commit dozens – maybe even hundreds – of ops. Assassinations, mostly, I think. We’re going to get him back. Anyway, Bucky and Gabe – all of the Commandos, really – were close. I wanted you to know.”
“I am not less confused, but whatever. No weird Back to the Future changes sounds good to me. You say don’t tell Fury, I trust you, Cap. I’m an excellent secret keeper.”
“Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you,” Tony answered cooly. Steve smirked, immediately flashing back to Tony telling him the same thing. “But this one he didn’t tell us. We were digging into an unrelated SHIELD issue and found you instead. You look pretty good for a dead guy. Not as good as Rogers, granted, but still. Pretty good. How you been?”
"It's your bed, right?"
Unlike Peggy, Sharon didn’t need him to pick her up. She knocked on his door promptly at 6 that evening. “You know, I don’t usually meet strange men in hotel rooms,” she said with a smile.
Natasha smirked at Steve's request and Tony's answer, seeming to decide that Steve was better equipped to cheer Tony up. "We’ll send the list right over, Stark. See you later." With that, she pulled Clint up behind her and they headed out.
"Steve, it may have been longer for me than for you, but I couldn't forget the man who cost you your best friend." She took his hand and squeezed it warmly. Then she frowned. "But you're probably referring to the fact they recruited him for SHIELD." She sighed. "Yes, I was upset about that, but there was no arguing with Howard when it came to the serum. What does he have to do with SHIELD now? He's dead."
Clint gasped. “Oh my god NO, not the stupid movie. The TV show.
“I know you wouldn’t ask without a good reason, but I like having my team in the know. We recently had an incident where some of the SHIELD hierarchy almost burned our team. They’ve bonded pretty intensely. Skye hacked SHIELD to get information on a classified op that Fitz and Ward were on. And you might think Simmons is malleable, but she didn’t have any trouble shooting Agent Sitwell when he almost interrupted.”
"We're spies, Cap. We know where you live." Natasha softened her words with a ghost of a smile.
“I’m meeting with Sharon tonight. Unless she has something in particular that needs dealing with here, I’ll be back tomorrow. Most of the Hydra agents we know about are there, and I’d like to keep an eye on them. I’ll let you know what I find out from Sharon.”
“See, it’s okay. You guys just happened to crash in front of a car full of firefighters. Bucky over there is going to help your friend, and Sam already called 911. The paramedics will be here soon. We’re just going to hang out until then.” He climbed into the back seat and put his hands gently on either side of the man’s head. “So, did you guys just get married?” he asked, not letting himself feel disappointed that the man was off the market.
“Let’s go ahead and set it up. I’m not sure exactly what I’m looking for.”
“I don’t have to. Much more to the point, he trusts me. And he can’t resist a mystery. You guys have big plans for the scepter?”
“That’s going to have to be something we sort out after everyone is contained. People who surrender will be locked up until things can be sorted. People who fight back are probably in for the long haul. Feel free to kill them,” Natasha said.
She was clearly upset, but nobody attacked a problem like Peggy. "Oh Steve. You're a brilliant tactician in a fight, but as soon as someone mentions undercover you turn into a fool. The answer is as plain as the nose on your face. " He just stared at her. "You're enhanced, darling. All you have to do is explain that you overheard them from the next room. I'm surprised Tony didn't think of it. And didn't you say there were two spies on your team?" She clucked her tongue in disappointment.
They spent the day making Steve’s apartment livable. Natasha explained credit and debit cards and showed him how to figure out his financial situation. He had more money than he’d ever imagined, but he also knew that everything cost more now. She smirked and told him he’d get used to it, but also helped to steer him towards stores and options that wouldn’t break the bank. They stopped at a little Chinese restaurant for lunch, where Steve ate whatever Natasha ordered for him.
Clint and Natasha both nodded. “J, start running pattern analysis on SHIELD agents, their missions, hobbies, smoothie places, favorite colors, etc. Let me know when something pops.”
Steve swallowed, feeling guilty that he hadn’t seen how much Tony was struggling, but it was Thor who answered. “Ah, he has seen many hard things. Iron Man is a hero, but sometimes that comes at a price. He is rightly haunted by the things he has lived. I have seen this in many a great warrior.” Harley nodded.
Bruce, who had remained quiet during the exchange, chuckled, then extended his hand. “I’m glad you’re alright. Thor will be glad too.”
“Apparently it wasn’t a real gun. It was something she and Fitz invented. They call it a night-night gun. Boy, do they need better names. Anyway, it basically sedates whoever you shoot. Still, it makes me like her.”
The cab pulled up in front of the Tower, and Natasha quirked an eyebrow at him as they got out. "Stark is the one who called you?"
“Fair enough. I think he’s clean, but I’ll wait until you read him in. What do you need from me?”
Natasha reappeared as though she'd been waiting for a cue. "We'll help you redecorate. Won't we, Clint? We'll stop by tomorrow, see what we have to work with."
“Fuck off, Clint. You know I don’t hold you responsible for what happened on the helicarrier. That was Loki’s fault.”
“You’re not half bad, Rogers,” she said with a little grin. “You got any flaws? I’d like to be able to present a balanced case to potential dates.”
Clint glanced at Nat. “We’d better get started on team assessments. We’ll keep you posted on any teams where we think that Hydra outguns the SHIELD agents. Good to have you back, Cap.” They melted away.
Fury, on the other hand, did not crack a smile. “Well, I suppose that’s alright for now. I’d like you to get started training with Romanoff. You’re strong and you’ve got a lot of practical fighting experience, but that’s not always going to be enough. You can train here or at Stark’s. The team is your first priority. You make it clear to Stark that he should appreciate you fighting his battles for him.”
“Of course, sir. Master Thor, there is an incoming call from Miss Foster.”
There was a small intake of breath, then very softly, "Steve? You came back."
“I was recruited by the original Hydra. I just happened to die before I could do anything about it. What about you?”
Thor skipped the shopping but met them at Natasha’s, which was homier than Steve expected. Despite the weapons case against the wall, which he suspected was only a part of her stash, the whole room seemed warm and welcoming. It threw Steve's own place into sharp relief. Though he had no visible weapons in his apartment, it lacked every feel of home. It had been decorated by someone else in a poor facsimile of the '40s, and he hated every inch of it.
“Not if shotgun has the worst taste in music,” Sam fired back.
She let out a surprised giggle. “There are movie versions now. Several, actually. The BBC one with Colin Firth is my personal favorite, but the Keira Knightly one is great, too.” The rest of the Avengers and Rhodey were watching this exchange with interest.
“Wounded. I’m wounded. Did anyone else see that knife embed itself in my chest? I can’t believe you’d doubt me. Do I question your spy skills, Mata Hari? No. Leave the tech to me.” He shifted his gaze over to Steve. “Come by the lab later. I’ll let you… convince me.” With that, he swept off.
“Too scared or too shy?”
“Hydra was – is, I guess – a terrorist organization run by the Johann Schmidt – AKA Red Skull – during World War 2,” Bruce explained. “He believed himself a god among men and wanted to use the tesseract to shape reality to his will. By which he meant, ‘kill a bunch of people,’ basically.” He turned back to Steve. “How can Hydra be here now?”
Oh. That was actually an easier question than he’d been anticipating. “Oh. No. Bucky was family. We were never like that. He liked men, I think, but he always liked women just fine too, and that was easier then. I think, for him, it would’ve been hard to fall in love with someone he was trying so hard to keep alive. He was always looking out for me, but in the way of a guy dragging his sort of annoying kid brother out of trouble. He would’ve given anything for me to stop picking fights I couldn’t win. I loved him, but I chafed at him taking care of me. I wanted to be his equal. I don’t think I could’ve fallen in love back then. I was too busy trying to fight everyone. Then, after the serum, there just wasn’t that much time. I mean I guess there were offers, but I always wondered if any of them really saw me. Maybe, after the serum, Bucky and I could’ve fallen into something, but then there was the war, and then he was dead. Or so I thought.”
Steve pulled into the garage at the tower and got off his bike. “Hello, JARVIS.”
“I don’t know, man, I just work here,” Rumlow said with a laugh. “All I know is that we were supposed to take it to Dr. List. I’m sure he’s got all kinds’a shit planned for it. Weapons and experiments.”
“She was the most amazing woman I’d ever met. An absolute force of nature with no fear. The first woman to see me.”
but maybe that’s not your taste,” Pepper said with a tiny smile.
“Oh my god, that was really violent,” she said, seemingly back on the edge of panic.
God but she was brilliant. "Well, to be fair, they probably don't know my senses are heightened. I also wanted to ask you if you still knew anyone at SHIELD that you're absolutely sure of."
“It’s just an old model,” Natasha soothed. “If you’re comfortable with this one, you can keep it.” She eyed Steve speculatively. “But if you’re tired of the kid gloves, we can help you pick one out.”
"Your tea isn't any better now than it ever was, and you only made it when you wanted something. Out with it."
Getting beer with Sam was about as far as it could be from getting beer with Rumlow. Sam talked about his former wingman, Riley, who had died in combat. It made Steve comfortable enough to talk about Bucky, or at least what it had been like watching him die. They talked and laughed for a couple of hours before Natasha disappeared to “take care of some things.” Steve didn’t know what those things were, but he figured he was probably better off not knowing. She left him the keys, saying she had her own ride.
Steve leaned against the wall of the elevator. When he arrived on the common floor, he allowed himself to follow his instincts and just face plant on the couch.
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Steve said. Then he turned to Natasha and Clint. “I’d like to bring him in. He’s someone everyone trusts.”
Tony was fiddling in his workshop when suddenly a bag of Doritos and a box of Pop-Tarts plopped down in front of his face, startling him out of his trance. He looked up to see Clint standing there. “What the hell is this?”
Steve turned his head enough that he could talk. “You were eating popcorn?”
Steve looked up from where he was taking the old tire off, only to see that the car was backing up. He saw Clint start jogging faster, waving his arms, but it was too late - the car was swerving out into the right lane of traffic. They usually got here after accidents. He’d forgotten how loud they were.
"Of course, Sir. The majority of their descendants do not live locally. However, one of the grandsons of Private James Morita lives and works in New York. He is a high school principal in Queens. Sir, it may be of interest to you to know that one of the names, Antoine Triplett, matches that of an agent listed in SHIELD's records. He is the grandson of Private Gabriel Jones."
He instantly recalled Tony telling him that SHIELD had undoubtedly bugged his apartment. Her reluctance to talk here was encouraging – maybe she would be willing to keep some things from SHIELD after all. To prevent her subterfuge from being in vain, he just nodded, then asked, “So do you think the chair should go on the other side of the bed? It’s no trouble to move it.”
“I wasn’t worried, Tony. I planned the schedule. We’ve got plenty of time. Is that - oh my god - what -”
“He’s right. You were right. Barnes – Bucky – didn’t do this. Hydra did this. And I realized that that was only part of it. You said that you thought that future you didn’t tell future me. It just… it felt an awful lot like that other Steve picked Bucky over me, and I took that pretty personally. Which is crazy. The other thing Barton oh-so-helpfully pointed out was that if it was Rhodey, I would probably be pretty… let’s call it intense. Bucky is your best friend, and I should have been more understanding of that. We’re going to get him back, and we’re going to get Hydra out of his brain. I’m sorry.”
“I apologize for the confusion, Captain. The man who was in this room fighting with you and who both left and returned with the scepter was not Loki. His energy signature did not match that of Loki, even when Loki temporarily created the illusion that he was Captain America preparing to coordinate search and rescue. Indeed, during the time of your fight, Loki’s energy signature was detected in the lobby of the building with Thor and Mr. Stark. The man you fought with most closely resembled you, although he was not an exact match for your energy signature.” There was a brief pause, as if JARVIS was thinking; then, “If I may, Captain, when he returned the scepter, he asked me to record a message for you. Would you like to hear it?”
“Now that’s something I’ll drink to.”
“Shotgun picks the music!” Bucky insisted.
"JARVIS confirmed that he wasn't Loki and the things he knew… only I would know that." The palest pink that tinged his cheeks did not go unnoticed by his audience.
“Wait, why did she shoot you?” Bruce looked totally perplexed. Steve laughed and told the story of first picking up his shield.
After the credits rolled, Steve sat back. He’d been unaware that he’d even leaned forward. “Well, you’re going to have a job topping that next movie night,” he grinned. “I look forward to the attempt.” Thor left almost immediately after the movie, thanking them for sharing the day with him, although in truth, it had only been a few hours.
Steve frowned at that. “You called Jim?” He didn’t think he’d managed to keep the hurt from his voice, at least not if the wince on Rhodey’s face was any indication.
“Sounds good, Cap. See you tomorrow.”
“I heard the most fascinating story from my boss today. I mentioned she was getting married today, didn’t I?”
“Figured it was about time to make good on my promise to sign your cards. Of course, yours were covered in blood, but Tony was nice enough to help me find some new ones.”
"Sure, makes sense."
"Well it was nice to meet you, Sam."
“I apologize for startling you, Captain. My name is JARVIS. I run the Stark Tower.”
Steve laughed at Tony’s question. “I actually didn’t dress up as a kid. I was Superman at the children’s hospital last Halloween.”
“Who heard that? Did I black out? Did Romanoff just agree with me?”
“Snap out of it, Sugarbear. Be a little cooler.”
Steve laughed his way through another story about Gabe. This trip had been a good idea. He’d taken his bike down to North Carolina, hoping the drive would do him some good. He’d spent the first two days of his visit talking about Gabe during the war and hearing stories of his life after. It had been healing in a way he hadn’t expected. Gabe had led a full and wonderful life and was survived by the love of his life, a wonderful daughter, and a grandson who was on the track to living up to his legacy. Now, though, it was time to tell Trip (he’d been informed that only grandma got to call him Antoine) the other reason for his visit. “Ma’am, I appreciate your hospitality more than I can say, and I can’t tell you how much I’ve enjoyed talking to you, but would it be possible for me to speak with your son alone?”
Steve could see Tony starting to panic and withdraw. “No, hey, I didn’t mean it in a bad way. Just, I haven’t done this in more than 70 years. I’m a little rusty.” He smiled and stepped back towards the couch, pulling Tony with him. “I’ve never been able to be with someone and have it not be a secret. I’ve also never been with someone in this body. And I don’t really know how things work now. Is it… was this just kissing for you?” Steve hunched his shoulders, trying to make himself smaller.
Bruce was thoughtful. “You know, Steve, I think that if we could get to a safe enough area, that would be alright. He likes you. He saved Tony for me – we’re linked enough that he could tell how important Tony was to me, and he liked that Tony made me feel sort of okay about the whole thing. But he definitely liked you the best. You treating him like part of the team made a big difference.”
am Hydra.”
"Well apparently that doesn't include you since you haven't gone to bed yet," Steve replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. I mean she’s terrifying, but I guess she’s beautiful, if you’re into that kind of thing.” Steve smirked.
“Sorry, dear,” Steve said dryly. “How thoughtless of me. I would love to hear about your day. Was it as good as mine?”
“No, it’s what I can do for you.” He pulled out a watch. “This is a monitoring system that will not trip any alarms and is cleverly disguised as a designer watch. You wear it whenever you’re undercover. We’ll be able to hear anything you hear. It’s not a great angle for a camera, so that you’re going to have to wear in the form of a sticker. Pins are passé. You’ll have to reapply it to whatever you’re wearing. I’ll be monitoring you from here.” Tony waved at a screen where Steve could see the video feed from the cameras.
“Natasha said you asked him out for a drink!”
“Thanks. I hope I’ll see you all again soon. I have to get back to my team.”
“Do not be concerned, Captain. I will certainly keep the details of this conversation confidential. It is written into my programming never to disclose a person’s sexuality. However, you may be interested to learn about the changes in civil rights since your time of origin. Homosexuality is no longer illegal, and although there are many individuals who hold unfortunate beliefs regarding the morality of it, much progress has been made. In fact, two people of the same sex may be legally married in several states, including New York, as well as the District of Columbia.”
Tony, who'd been quiet up to this point, huffed indignantly. "Well, hell Romanoff. It seems we and our fancy new tech just got schooled. And we've discovered another victim of the big blue eyes. C'mon, you show me yours, I'll show you mine." Natasha relented and told Tony all she'd told Steve about Bucky, though she showed less emotion than when she’d told Steve. Tony listened quietly through it all, then turned to Steve and nodded.
“All due respect, Sir, that’s my job as their captain, and I take it very seriously. That’s what makes a team.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said with a smile. “You’re always right. I’ll get you a gold sticker later. Could you go away now please?”
Natasha hesitated, then reached across the table and rested her hand on top of his. "You're right that trust should go both ways. I don't have that with many people. Clint's about it, really. You trusted me today, and you trusted him to fight with us, after Loki. I have some things I'd like to tell you, but I think they'll be hard for you to hear. You need to prepare yourself."
Fury sighed. “I’m sorry about how it had to be done. Bringing him back was… complicated. I didn’t know if it would work for a long time. Then once he was back…”
"Turns out pretty handy, actually, that even brainwashed, he managed to crack the ice on the person on the team that we most needed to convince."
“I can just. Peggy built SHIELD and the rest of you mucked it up. You let Hydra grow inside it right under your nose and you didn’t even notice. Getting rid of Hydra is my job. Now, as I was saying, we need you to help develop a list of agents you’re sure of. We’ve got a few, some of whom we’ve read in. We’ve let Coulson know, he’s been cleared to tell Agent May. Grant Ward on his crew is Hydra. We’re sure. Clint is spending some time with his plane. Sharon Carter knows. Everyone agreed we can include Bobbi Morse. I’m going to be meeting up with an agent who happens to be the grandson of Gabe Jones. Depending on what we find, he could be a useful ally. Your whole STRIKE team – you know, the one you so desperately wanted me to work with – is Hydra. So is Sitwell and John Garrett. We’ll keep you posted on the list as we come up with it. We’re also working on recruiting some help from outside SHIELD. You may be the director, but, as Tony would tell you, I’m Captain fucking America. This is how we’re going to play it. And when people get identified as Hydra, they’re out. This isn’t going to be like your goddamned operation paperclip, where you get to keep people if you think they can be useful to you. They all go. Oh, and you can tell Pierce that I somehow managed to talk Tony into working on those helicarriers you need. You should know he’s not doing it as your contractor. He’s doing it as part of our op.”
The team is finally ready to get Bucky back and oust Hydra for good.
Steve nodded; although it took him a moment to parse Tony’s rapid speech and modern vernacular, this confirmed his earlier conversation with JARVIS. “That makes sense. Lucky thing I’m used to having no privacy. In the army, we were all living in each other’s pockets, and Bucky could sniff out a secret on me no trouble.” It still hurt to say Bucky’s name, but the little tiny bit of hope he’d gotten from his future self kept him upright.
“Um, actually, staying here for a bit would be great,” Bruce said, clearly trying to change the topic. I’m not sure what exactly I’d like to do next. Thanks, Tony.”
“I’ll build in a backdoor, no big deal. Don’t worry, big guy.” Tony clapped Bruce on the shoulder. “There’s no way they could change
“And I think you’ll find Stark is no longer your contractor. He’s an Avenger. The Avengers do not answer to you. They, by their own choice, answer to me. I know that Romanoff and Barton still run missions for you, but in order to effectively run my team, I need to know when they’re available and when they’re on missions. I need to know what you’re asking Stark to do for you that’s going to take away from the time he has to work on gear for the team, including his Iron Man upgrades, not to mention the company he’s busy running. And I’m only going to say this once. You don’t get to talk to Banner at all. Anything you need from him, you go through me. I know you’re used to being in charge, but you need to learn to delegate. Consider everything involving the Avengers delegated to me.”
Don't forget to put your Queen character theme song suggestions in the comments! <3
Tony shot him an annoyed look. “I’m telling you that the smart money is manipulating me from the background. Letting me do the dirty work and take the fall if things get bad. It would be a lot harder now, because I’m a lot more paranoid and cynical post-Stane, but they probably don’t know that. You should tell them it’s a mistake to recruit me.”
Steve laughed. "Actually, that's the most normal part of all this. Dames were constantly falling for Bucky. He liked them just fine, but I can't say I ever saw him fall for one."
“I know he did,” Clint said, softer than before. “I also know a thing or two about crappy parents and wondering if things could’ve been different. You’ve taken a hard hit, here, man. I get that. I also get that it might seem easier to take it out on Steve and Bucky, but I don’t think it’ll help you, and it sure as hell won’t help Bucky, who is still the prisoner of the batshit people who made him do it. You want some catharsis? Take their fucking Fist of Hydra and shove it up their ass.” Clint paused, and Tony couldn’t help it. He burst out laughing. “Damn it, I didn’t mean it to come out like that,” Clint said, but he was laughing, too. “Look, I know that maybe you think things have to be different now, but they don’t. You can still take this, and move forward, and be a goddamn Avenger, and use all that hate to burn Hydra to the ground.”
Phil looked like he was about to speak, then stopped himself. Natasha said, “What we have to remember is that these aren’t just people operating undercover. They’re sleeper agents. The most effective method is to form genuine bonds with the people you’re deceiving. Play cards, go for a beer, or, in our line of work, risk your own life to save theirs. I know you’ve probably gone through a lot with your team, Phil, but we can’t let our vision here be clouded by emotions. People you directly recruited are probably sound, but they may not be ready for the level of deception required here. As long as Cap agrees, Clint and I are both fine with you telling May, with the understanding that she’ll tell no one. But you should come to terms with the fact that at least one member of your team is probably Hydra.”
What?
Ty is drinking out of
“Yes. That. Glad you’ve caught on, let’s drop it now, yeah?” he says, instead.
Steve shrugs. He’s never heard of that book, or movie, or whatever Clint is talking about. “If I was, I don’t remember,” he says.
Fury is being an idiot, if this is the whole story. Steve wants to give him a piece of his mind.
Which is stupid. He and Tony don’t email one another, much less call. Tony has never reached out to him during a mission, and there’s no reason for him to do so now.
Jarvis doesn’t answer.
His head is aching so badly he can barely lift it. He squeezes his eyes shut, blinks. He recognizes this pain, though. The pain that only intensifies when he tries to think, that feels like someone’s stuffed his head full of cotton balls and then gone at it from the outside with a hammer.
“I’m just going to sit here and talk to you, okay, Tony?” he says. Tony doesn’t reply. It’s possible he didn’t hear. “I’m not going to get any closer. But I figure I should tell you about—well, I should tell you about this time me and Buck went to this old bar in Brooklyn, yeah? This was when I was still tiny, mind you—” he launches into a story about how he got turned away from the bar and then tried to dress up to get inside in various outfits. He’s mostly on autopilot, keeping watch of Tony’s movements and his breathing, which slowly begins to steady as Steve gets to the part of the story where Bucky pilfers some old asshole’s watch and gives it to him so he can look dignified, and then he has to go chase down the guy and give it back to him.
But it takes another week until Ty does something—more.
Tony’s eyes, wide with fear, flicker in front of Steve’s vision. No, Tony wasn’t lying. They must have kept their relationship secret, then. That’s something Steve has heard about—celebrities wanting to keep things on the down low. Maybe that’s why he can’t find anything on Tony’s relationship.
What’s strange is the fact that Ty
“Tony,” he says quickly, and tries to slow himself as he walks over so it doesn’t look like he’s rushing an attack. At the sound of his name, Tony looks up, sees Steve, and puts his head back down again. His knees are curled up to his chest and he’s leaning over them.
They both stand there awkwardly for a moment, and then Ty says, “Well?” and nods towards the coffee maker.
“Oh, c’mon, Tony,” Ty says, and leans on the worktable. Folds the schematic up and pulls the pencil from Tony’s grip.
Ty leans over the worktable, looks over at what Tony’s working on.
Which—something about Tony’s tone is strange. Steve turns around, looks at Tony for the first time, and realizes he’s wearing a suit.
Tony shifts on his foot. “Guess I could use some coffee,” he hedges. In the corner, Dum-E whirs excitedly, and Tony shoots him a glare that he hopes conveys
A fucking sixteen-year-old, apparently.
“I can handle myself,” Tony interrupts.
Steve works through that one. Ty is Tony’s ex. He was at the gala. He drugged Tony with a date-rape drug.
It occurs to Tony, belatedly, that Ty knew about all of this beforehand. Fury must have reached out to him and explained it already. That’s why he did what he did last night. So that Tony would be off of his game during this meeting and he would get a better business deal. That's always what it's about, isn't it?
“Comics. I read them when I was a kid. Obsessively. Actually, I had a—nope.
“This isn’t a negotiation,” Fury sighs. “S.H.I.E.L.D. just can’t allow for such an…unpredictable element. We’ve given you chances, Stark,” he says, as Tony tries to interrupt. “I myself have given you several warnings. This is the option, now.  It’s either you agree to this, or we’ll end our contract with Stark Industries and draw one up with Viastone.”
Steve says. That was Steve’s voice.
“Tony. This is important,” he says, and feels like a total jerk doing it. But this is a
“He tried to make you stupid,” Steve says doubtfully. His mind is thinking up someone—scientist? Alien? Magician?—with a ray-gun to make people stupid. Which is ridiculous, but that’s what he’s imagining. “How’d he do that?”
territory, which he clearly did enough of while under the influence.
Tony doesn’t respond for a minute, then says, “S’ fine.”
Steve grins. “What?” he asks.
“You should go to bed. Instead of drinking more of that,” Steve nods to the coffee machine. “It’s not going to do you any good.”
Which, of course, he immediately begins to do.
Tony tries hard, very hard, to smile back. He bites the inside of his cheek to keep the smile there, one, two, three, four, before he lets it fall again, turns back to his worktable.
“You—what?” Steve manages. Pulls himself together. He still can’t quite look at Tony, like it’s forbidden or something. Intrusive. “Um. You have brown hair?”
“Take me to my floor, J, thanks,” he says.
Tony looks at his feet. Looks back at the elevator doors. They open into his suite. He drums his fingers on his side. “I can’t—I can’t do this, right now, J. I really need—I can’t do this right now,” he says. Walks to the bathroom. He needs a shower.
And he has in the past, too. He was the one who left, after all. Too late, way too late, but he still did, packed his shit in the middle of the night and left when Ty had finally gone too far.
Ah. So. He knows about Ty.
So, the heat comes on slowly.
Fear.
“Jesus!” Clint says, staring at him. “Dude, are you okay? StarkPhones are indestructible.” He stands, croissant still in his hand.
Steve knows, then, or at least knows something. Tony’s stomach sinks.
Wires. Yellow, blue. Focus, Tony. Ty just—talks. That’s all he does. He talks, and tries to get in your head, but that’s stupid. You’re smarter than he is. Except you just made a stupid fucking mistake on this goddamn machine and now there’s no way to get the power out of it and keep the signals straight.
Tony sighs. Shakes his head. “You’re going to hate me,” he groans under his breath. “I had a theory. That you and Bucky were…well. You get the point,” he says.
“What do I look like?” he asks, his words still slurred, but suddenly urgent.
“No, you wouldn’t know it. SI basically wiped it off the map. Led by a CEO I’ve had the pleasure of meeting once or twice.” She says pleasure with a smile, but Steve hears the disgust in her voice. “Tiberius Stone, you ever run into him at a gala?”
Ty smiles down at him. Like a shark. Circling.
Tony stares at the wires for a moment. He doesn’t. He doesn’t say thank you to people who, who he doesn’t like. Who he doesn’t like for reasons. Good reasons. He’s not a pushover, he’s not someone people can just control, can tell to do something and expect him to do it. He’s Tony fucking Stark, for god’s sake. He’s Ironman.
Steve sorted through that sentence. “Ty,” he said. “Who’s Ty? Was he at the gala?”
“Hard to see why they keep you around, sometimes,” Ty says, shrugs, and drops Tony’s chin, splaying his fingers out on the counter instead, leafing through Tony’s designs,
Steve blinks. Turns.
“Tony,” Steve breathes, and reaches out to hold him steady. Stops himself. “Tony, you should sit down. There’s a couch—”
that Ty doesn’t take no for an answer. Tony doesn’t get to refuse. That’s not how this goes down.
“Steve?” Tony asks. Steve freezes. “Am I…did…something wrong?” he manages.
“She’s going North,” she murmurs. “She hasn’t noticed us. We’re on a date. Talk to me. Be cute about it,” she adds, her tone completely flat.
It was hard, at first. No. It’s still hard. When he came out of the ice, the last thing he expected was to fall in love with Howard Stark’s son. And he still—he still doesn’t expect it. It hits him strangely each time he realizes, like he’s realizing for the first time. Tony will make a stupid joke, or ramble about some science thing, or be protective over Bruce in that way he always is, and Steve will think,
The second is more complicated. He’s pretty sure he knows Tony, and that’s why he’s pretty sure he knows Tony will pretend none of this happened tomorrow morning. He’ll brush off any of Steve’s questions and that will be that. Game over.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Steve replies and looks at the river too. It’s fast today. Yesterday was pouring rain, and so the water is ugly and brown and violent. He likes it better at night, when you can’t see the pollution, only dark water and glittering lights. It’s pretty enough that he wants to paint it, though he won’t. But right now, it’s day, and ugly. He looks slightly down at the wet cobblestones instead. Strangers’ shoes.
“I don’t understand how this isn’t a big deal,” Steve says when Tony doesn’t respond.
Steve raises his eyebrows.
Hi everyone! Thanks for all your rly nice comments and all the kudos they make me very happy:)))
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve sees Tony start to fall. He reaches out, fast, and catches him. “Hey, there, cowboy,” he says. “You okay?”
“I met Ty six years ago at a party,” the quote reads. “He’s really just a big softie, at heart.”
Tony wakes up and for a moment, he thinks he has actually died.
The fucking designs.
Steve tries. He’s never been very good at acting. He tucks a strand of hair behind Nat’s ear. Smiles at her. Apparently, it’s enough. Nat smiles again and keeps walking.
“It’s cold in here,” he decides on, trying to sound nonchalant. Fine. This is fine, Ty can’t get under his skin, can’t mess this up, because Nat and Steve and Clint and all the others are
“Yeah, I meant it. I’m not giving you a blowjob. Go fuck yourself,” Tony says, and tries to sidestep Ty, who boxes him in again, one arm against the wall, standing over him. His chest is heaving and his brain is flashing red but he’s Tony Stark and he has drawn a line and Ty can’t fucking cross it.
“No,” Steve says, trying to keep the strain from his voice. Tony’s eyes soften again, and he slumps back. “He’s not here. He’s not here. Tony. How do you know Ty?”
Tony doesn’t turn around, just keeps on walking, coffee in hand, to the elevator, and faces the wall so he doesn’t have to look at Steve’s face as the doors close.
So that’s why he wasn’t interested in the conversation. Here was Steve, finally making amends, and there was Tony, drunk off his ass. Makes sense.
He’s looking better than Tony is this morning, though there’s some faint bruising on his jaw and Tony thinks, with satisfaction, that it must correspond to the ache in his own knuckles. The cologne is stronger in here; he'd actually been smelling it in the elevator, but here it's in full force, overpowering. Ty smiles his movie-star smile, shark-like.
Tony swallows. Fury’s stopped talking, now, and is looking at him expectantly. Ty accomplished his goal, apparently. Tony is thoroughly thrown off.
“He thinks he’s, mm, difficult to work with,” Nat says. “Which is probably true, but, well…his great plan is to give the engineer outside oversight, which I think is ridiculous.”
So Ty, whoever he is, has got money. Or he broke into the gala. And Tony knows him, Steve’s pretty sure, based on the familiarity of his tone. So maybe he’s a donor, or a politician. Steve’s met a bunch of them, too, the sleazy assholes who go to those galas, but he’s bad with names.
Still. Stark Industries.
able to read those words, he fumbled for the closest heavy object he could find and smashed the damn thing.
flings from the throws with familiar clarity and far more urgency.
The waitress came back over, giving Mr. Stark a bright smile. Turning from Steve, he took his hand away and leaned back. He grinned up at her. “Duo Caffe Ristretto,” he said with a perfect accent, lifting two fingers off the tabletop where the hand at his mouth had spread itself out. “Grazie.” Steve watched, entranced. His fingertips were stained an inky black that Ombréd as they dripped toward his palms instead of the clean nails painted with neat, deliberate strokes Steve remembered from months ago. If he looked close enough, he could make out the scraped off remnants that, to him, were akin to an archeologist's artifact.
Tony’s limbs are frustratingly difficult to control despite the creeping encompassment of consciousness as he steadily begins taking more shallow breaths, his heart rate increasing in its staccato rhythm. If Tony’s honest with himself, all he really wants to do right now – despite the heaviness he knows is pressing underneath his eyes, reminding him that over-sleeping will only serve to give him yet another migraine and increase his fatigue (and therefore his already constant irritability) for the day – is let the allure of sleep pull him back beneath crashing waves and onto the lofty sand-beds of unconsciousness. Sleeping may be a useless waste of time, but it’s an indulgence he rarely gets to enjoy.
A tautness grows through the length of his body, like ramrod straight sticks being shoved under his skin and through his muscles to corral his spine. Tony’s breaths come out in short bursts that he thought he’d ironed out after his first little exploration into space. He lets out a bitter laugh. Or, at least, he thinks he does.
Stumbling closer, the figure etches itself in detail in Tony’s retina. Melting from its black silhouette, colors begin to increase in intensity. The sudden clash of shadows and highlights draw firm lines.
He held his tongue.
Thor looked at Tony, and Tony could see the bone-weariness that had settled itself into the once jovial features. Thor looked grim. He hated how much he could relate.
His heart hammered against his sternum, but Steve returned the smile before averting his eyes not a second later. The doe-eyed look beneath long, sinuous lashes was brighter than the sun, and Steve swore he’d get burned if he looked too long.
He could remember Yinsen saying those words so clearly in his mind. If Tony closed his eyes, he could picture the man saying them, but it was a lot like watching old films on a film reel. The images were brown and blurry, the effects dimmed and almost faked. But the voice was always clear. It always would be.
The front of the man’s shirt was a neat tuck into a tight pair of black skinny jeans that left very little to Steve’ imagination, hugging the luscious curves of his hips and cheeks that looked like they’d been chiseled by Alexandros of Antioch’s very own hand. His thighs and calves were all sharpened curves of lean muscle, and the man’s pants were folded up at his ankles. The end of his fibula and tibia were a sharp, defining jut beneath tanned, olive skin before they disappeared into bright, white Oxfords.
He loved Pepper, though, and he knew she loved him. They could make this work. Like any couple, he and Pep had their ups and downs, their make-ups and break-ups, but they always came back to each other. Circled around one another until it was time to swoop down and start their loop all over again.
Another yawn bubbles its way to his lips, and Tony leans forward, dropping his chin on his chest in another stretch. Daring to venture back into the light, he blinks his eyes open and tries to focus them. The bleary edges start to recede, his gaze becoming sharper.
He couldn’t remember any of them. The dreams. What Tony did know, however, was that they left him raw and sick when he managed to shake himself awake. Left him with a single face always floating in his retina like a burning afterimage in an old television.
Letting out a breath, Tony shakes his head and closes his eyes. He takes a few deep swallows of what he hopes is breathable air to regulate his heartbeat and keep him from hyperventilating.
Shrapnel in the chest. A painful way to die.
His mind flashed back to the crouched posture and inability to walk after Bucky had first spoken to Natasha. Now the two were inseparable – Bucky was even starting to look at rings. But Bucky had this way about him, and part of Steve thought it a sparse unfair. Bucky could make friends with anyone at any time. He was the life of the party; an expert on playing his cards to the exact point that would keep them out of just enough trouble.
So did he.
Every time he got started, though, he always did something. Made some kind of error in his calculations. Because the damn bridge always snapped, leaving him with the ruins, trying to start all over again.
When the days came where painful, prodding fingers and chilled instruments left hollows in his skin, Steve became a little less interested in a schoolboy’s fantasy. The nights he could hear his mother’s soft crying from the kitchen as death sentence after death sentence built up on the doctors’ lips had knocked a few more of those pegs off that playground block until they dwindled like dying embers.
Steve felt his gaze like a physical branding, leaving his skin hot and twitchy; it was like the caress of a breathy touch from calloused fingertips, and Steve had the wild thought of asking the man if he played violin or guitar. He could see the way the skin around his boney fingertips was raised and hardened at the ends, and Steve wondered what caused those callouses. The question seemed important for no other reason than he was desperate to know.
the hinting at red and white stripes on the person’s partially hidden abdomen, and his eyes continue to trail upward until they come to an abrupt halt beneath a broad set of muscular shoulders expanding and contracting beneath solid, navy blue fabric.
Tony stops dead in his tracks.
“Good morning, everyone!” he greeted, a cheerful tenor lighting up his voice. “I’m sure you’re all wondering what I’m doing down here in the design team’s department, but I’ve been told by our lovely Mr. Stane that I need to work on my ‘human resource skills,’” he said, and the air quotes around that line showed what he thought of that. “Thus today’s introduction of our two newest members to Stark Industry’s Graphic Design Department.”
The man blinked, eyes going rounder a minute fraction, and there was a sudden upturn to his mouth that seemed bemused somehow. Steve felt his knees go weak.
The man shifted from foot to foot, arm crossing in front of him in a V as he stared up at Steve with wide eyes, one hand clasping the wrist of the other. He moved to mimic Steve’s posture, one hand reaching up to rest on the back of his neck. Steve wondered if he’d realized he’d done that, but a moment later, he seemed to, pulling his hand away and letting it land on his thigh with a gentle smack.
Letting out a growl, Tony swept a hand over his eyes. He tilted his head to glare accusingly at the suit one last time before wrenching himself back to the red and blue fabric clenched in his hand. He rubbed at the synthesized Kevlar and spandex between his fingers. Rough to the touch, but sturdy and mobile.
“I went to a private school out of state,” the man said, looking back to Bucky. “I doubt you’ve heard of it.” A thrill shot through Steve’s spine when he saw the man’s lean fingers twist into a cross behind his back, painted black fingernails gleaming in the fluorescent lighting shining against the titanium walls. One of the most real smiles he’d felt since coming back to the States threatened to overcome Steve’s lips. It was like he was in on a private joke with this complete stranger, and he was aware, in a sudden instant, that this man had no problem playing the game Bucky had set up for them.
It wouldn’t be the first, and it definitely wouldn’t be the last, he thought, a burst of tempered guilt sweeping through him. Bucky was right. Steve was gone on the guy. And after a single conversation, too.
Shined amber, a smear in the fog of his mind, flashed behind Steve’s eyes. Like a balm, instantaneous and cool against seething burns, his muscles sank back into gravity. The traffic faded towards that melodic hum he’d known long before the sounds of gunshots and explosions conquered his every memory, the chirp of passersby on every upward note, and it all began to dim behind a curtain of rain.
Tony shook his head. It was a crazy thought but one that settled into his mind the way a stone dropped to the murky bottom of a lake of water.
He realized, of course, that there was a certain difficulty in getting help from someone who could never truly understand what it was like to fly a bomb into outer space and slowly drift out of existence. Or witness the future deaths of everyone he’d come to know. Or be betrayed by the one person he thought maybe he could finally trust with who Tony Stark really was. Warts and God fucking all. So he’d instantly waved the idea off with a chuckle and a quirk of his lips.
Tony ticked numbly, lips pulling into a frown as he looked to the ground. Without waiting to see if Thor had finished, Tony said, “It’s Stark Tower,” and swiped the screen away without so much as looking up. Flopping his head into his hands, Tony squeezed in on himself as hard as he could, muscles tensing, waiting for the next blow. Forcing back tears, he took in a few wet breaths, hating himself all the more.
Tony halfway expects a bright-eyed and grinning Rhodey to firmly grip his shoulder and give it a shake while the man’s forsaken alarm clock starts blaring that terrible army tune he always insisted was the only thing that could wake him up. Always ringing at the most inhumane hours.
Steve decided he really, really didn’t want that to happen.
looked sprawled across his tablet rather than stacked neatly on her nightstand on the opposite side of their vast California King. Her toothbrush should be placed in his aging holder right next to his instead of in a sparkling silver one placed on the second sink. Their clothes mixed so nicely together all over the floor and strewn along overflowing drawers and hangers, in Tony’s opinion. Much better than when they were separately folded into infuriatingly perfect squares and placed ever so carefully into roomy dressers.
Setting his bags down, he clutched at himself trying to preserve his body heat as best as he could. As the winds grew heavier, he looked down at his meager coverings. He wondered if maybe he should have packed a bit heavier. A black Iron Maiden shirt that had thinned to the point of paper and was now growing holes clung loosely at his own slimmed frame. Faded jeans decorated in intricate patterns of oil and grease hung loosely around his hips, dipping lower than they had a few months ago.  Worn out, once white sneakers that were literally coming apart at the seams, quickly and easily letting the water soak into his socks and toes.
He eyed Bruce and more anger flushed his system. Everything was a mess. One big terrifying mess, and no one seemed to give two shits anymore. Bruce and Thor? Well, they’d chosen to leave, to hide out, just like everyone else. So Tony had no more open arms to give. He was all out.
Giving him a shadow of a smile, Pepper turned back to the couch right when he heard the ding of the doors opening.
Blinking his eyes open as he fought against his lethargy, Tony’s vision swam as his lungs convulsed. The persistent pull of unconsciousness began to grow and Tony only had time to think how deeply sad those blue eyes looked before passing out.
Pepper had suggested therapy. It didn’t take a genius to be able to tell that his reactions to the nightmares scared her. That she wanted to help somehow. But Tony had tried the therapy thing. Many times.
“Uh, right,” he nodded, clearing his throat, and Tony finally stepped all the way into the room. “Right, well, um, this is awkward, but I’ll have to get to that later. As soon as I can, though. Promise. But I kinda have to go?” he finished lamely before barreling past her to make it to the private elevator that would lead up to his room. If he believed in God, he’d be praying for her to not catch up with him or his ramblings. Of course, there was no God, he didn’t pray, and she did catch up to him.
With every step, his stomach clenched farther and farther, tying itself into one hell of a knot. He could feel the tightening in his gut as if he were getting a stomach cramp.
Tony feels air pop between his teeth and his cheek and heavy eyelids blink open to bright, blurry surroundings. It has Tony closing his eyes again. He registers the same tugging on his clothes as he moves his arms to press on either side of him and push himself up. Sitting is an excursion he finds surprisingly difficult, but he gets far enough to partially rest back against his calves.
Lifting his head, unsure of what he plans to do yet – rolling over to sleep some more sounds just about as good as getting up to make the trek for the tap water from the bathroom sink and swallowing an aspirin (or five) to beat the throbbing starting at his temples – it finally clicks, like the right gear latching into place at last, that something is well and truly off.
Tony Stark – in the breadth of a second – sparked a raging wildfire in his nervous system, igniting the wicks in a burst of yellowed firelight. It was like color had saturated back into his monochrome life, and Steve was, for the first time since he could be bothered to remember, content.
He seemed to eye Bucky with curiosity, too, roving over Bucky’s body with quick, darting movements. “I suppose that would be up to whom you ask. Are you some bigshot?” he retorted, tone low and smooth like silken sheets.
When he opens his eyes again, Tony looks back to his fingers. Pursing his lips, he begins to rub them slowly together, stretching and warming the rubber-like substance. Whatever it is, it’s not corrosive or poisonous; Tony doubts he would be awake at all if that were the case. It does smell very similar to burning rubber and sulfur, though, and the more he rubs at it, the stiffer and less tacky it becomes.
Tony’s airways began to constrict, and he felt an ache in his chest.
Tony narrows his eyes, and he lifts his head to twist around and take in the expanse of land that surrounds him. The tar goes on for miles. As far as his eye can see, at least, meeting the horizons in a harsh line where solid black meets the bright, blinding red-orange of the sky.
No. He remembers. Tony remembers.
“So what are you doing here, kid?” Bucky asked, looking smug as his eyes went wide. As if his curiosity were legitimate.
A sudden wave of homesickness and nostalgia poke at him, and Tony instantly shoos them away. He can’t do much about that now. Starks aren’t ones to dwell on the past, he remembers his father telling him. Ironic at least, hypocritical at best. The past holds no interest for Stark men, no matter how glum and grey the present and future currently look.
There was a movement behind Thor that caught Tony’s eye, and he found himself freezing. He got caught on the figure of a sheepish looking Bruce giving an equally sheepish wave.
, in its attempts of spinning an old story new.
Thor gave him a look he couldn’t identify, causing Tony to shoot him a scowl. “This being,” Thor answered, “it is well versed in the art of magic. Magic so ancient, it came before all. I believe science is a formidable opponent to this.”
He thought he could make out the soft and smooth sound of a voice that made him think of melting marshmallows and oozing caramels and sitting close to the crackling of a burning fire. It made him think of happiness in a distant longing sort of way, and Tony couldn’t think of why.
When Tony got his breathing back under control, he pushed himself up with shaking arms to stand on equally shaky legs.
Falling to his forearms, biceps trembling with his gasps, Tony gulps air into his lungs, wide eyes wildly darting left and right over the ground. What
Raising his chin, he watched the man zero his focus in on Steve. An unsure quirk crossed those pretty, deep pink lips, and there was a quality to it that made it look a verge of startled. Like he wasn’t used to this kind of thing, which Steve couldn’t believe. The man was breathtaking.
Tony didn’t immediately notice as his hand came up to circle his chest in an absent minded manner. It circled the place where the arc reactor no longer lay. When he finally did catch himself, Tony dropped his hand with a sigh, leaning his head back to take a deep breath and clenching his hand into a fist. After years of the thing invading his chest, he supposed that old habits were going to be difficult to break. He just figured that he’d be over it by now, all these years later.
the way Pepper’s
The blaring of a blue light splattering against the walls around him, flickering on and off, clued Tony into the reasoning behind FRIDAY’s interruption.
Sighing, Tony pushed himself from his knees and onto his feet ignoring the cracks and pops. He set the fabric gently on the table next to him before wiping his sweaty hands over spoilt and stained jeans. Tony rubbed at his bloated eyes, staving off a yawn as he approached the holoscreen.
Nodding absentmindedly, Tony ducked around her and headed towards the elevators. Turning around as he pressed the button and waited; he let himself grab one more look in case she decided this was the straw that broke the camel’s back.
God, he’d always hated hypnotists. Exchanging fucked up mind games for money. A trick of the light. A trick of the scepter.
It’d be nice, Steve thought, a scant wistful. Bucky always had this tendency to get them into trouble with the combination of his mouth and his boredom. He never meant anything by it, and by the end of most of his escapades, Bucky had won himself two black eyes and three new friends.
It was infuriating.
Shifting his hands behind him and letting them take the brunt of his weight, Tony tilts his head to the sky. As expected, the slight change in angle warms his face in a pleasant way.
“James Buchannan Barnes,” Bucky finished, looking back towards Mr. Stark. The man who’d asked, “You don’t know?”
As Tony walked forward, he swore the man was getting bigger. Seriously, he’d have to ask how Asgardian physics and biology worked. He might literally kill someone for those muscles and that height.
After years of radio silence had past, Tony could admit that he wasn’t exactly looking forward to seeing his old teammates. Thousands of scenarios, conversations, and reactions went through his mind. He figured this is what O.J. had felt like going into trial, except Tony wasn’t going to be let off on the charges he committed. He’d actually have to face the consequences of his actions.
Tony pretended not to notice the mix of irritation and sadness and resignation lurking in Pepper’s eyes. The way she looked at him like she
When the sweet, blond waitress came back to him with his food and a coffee in hand, he was grateful for her timing.
“You have to admit,” Steve said, not bothering to try and hide the grin that had broken out over his face. “He won that one. And you kind of deserved it,” he pointed out, feeling completely, utterly, insanely overjoyed all at once.
“Thor called,” he said, and he sounded drained to his own ears. Tony wasn’t stupid; he knew when it was time to give in. Shrugging and letting his shoulders drop like a puppet-master cutting at strings, Tony told her. “He said that he needed me. Him and Bruce, actually. They- they need me. On Asgard.”
He barely noticed a change in the ambiance behind him and sighed, walking away. It seemed like everything these days was wrong and useless. His very own safe haven, the thing that used to be so bright and full of optimism and creativity, was now a shadow of what it used to be. Besides Peter’s new suit, there was nothing in that lab worth anything.
It’s harder, on some days, for him to pull himself away from the memories of years ago. He used to think it’d get easier. It never did, not really. They still burn bright into his eyes, choking his lungs, like it was mere hours ago.
Then Iron Man happened. And a lot of things after that that made him begin to think that maybe, just maybe, the explosion of that bomb had blown life back into him. Given him a hope he never knew he lost until long after the arc reactor was in his chest and he was far from that cave.
And if whatever bits he gleaned from the morning news or his co-worker’s lips were at all correct in their musings, it seemed Mr. Stark was more than happy to, for once, stay exactly where he was for the time being.
“Uh,” Bucky said, shooting Steve a confused look.
Taking a wobbling step forward, something in the near distance glimmers, catching his eye. There’s a figure lying on the ground, similar to his own earlier happenstance. Squinting, Tony takes a few more stumbling steps forward, legs feeling slack, almost numb. He watches as a gradual movement stirs itself from the figure and feels an instant wave of relief flood him.
Bucky coughed a quiet huff of a breath into the air around them making Steve jump as he realized he was staring, or rather, openly gaping at their companion. Glancing away, he caught the soft whiff of cherries circling his nose from the man’s direction, and Steve looked over again. He couldn’t help himself. He was captivating; a good distraction if not one of the best.
Tony’s mouth slammed closed and he took a deep breath in through his nose, as if trying to compose himself. “She neglected to mention that she’d gone for drinks with you.”
“Rough day, Champ?” asked Tony. “J told us you activated your tech. We’ve been watching the feed. Want some popcorn?”
“You had every right to be hurt. They were your parents. Even if things weren’t always great, you had every right to be mad.”
"A responsibility I take very seriously. I brought
“Will Tony let them into his lab? Or should I ask him to come up here?”
Steve heard a lot that Tony didn't say. Never once had he called Howard his father. Of the three deaths, he'd only responded to Edwin's. Howard had apparently talked about him enough that Edwin refused to. He took a shot. "That's funny. No offense, but I always liked Edwin a lot more than Howard. Don't get me wrong, he was brilliant, and he helped me out a lot, but I never really… connected with him."
“Well. That’s not exactly how I would’ve chosen for you to hear that, but okay. Sure. Why not? Your suit is extremely unflattering. We’ll work on it.”
Clint laughed and pulled a mug out from behind his back. “Here you go.” He took a deep breath. “So I was wondering when you want me out of the tower.”
“Yeah, that seems reasonable. I never fell in love with Rhodey. And despite my obvious allure, he never fell in love with me. Although that could be because he’s straight.”
There’d always been a noose of weight around his neck, and he couldn’t yet call the days where he’d felt like he’d been being choked – the air stealing from his lungs – long gone. But every day that he could wake up and pay his rent with a surplus of money left over for food and other necessities, his breaths came in that much easier.
He didn’t want to go anywhere near that portal.
Tony’s eyes fluttered closed. He couldn’t watch himself do this again. Couldn’t face what he was doing to her.
Tearing his eyes away from the suit, Tony heaved around an empty stomach, a small bit of drool escaping his mouth as he leaned over in his seat to aim for the floor.
He watched as she took a step forward. “I wouldn’t know,” she told him, and this time it was her tone that sounded pleading. “I wouldn’t know because you won’t come out of your lab, you won’t talk to me, you won’t talk to
In this lighting, she was beautiful. Pepper was always beautiful, but right here? Right now? She was especially so, so Tony let his eyes roam over her, tracing her outline, memorizing her features like a yellow 42 pencil scrit-scratching on the surface of a piece of paper, yellowed with age. Fitting in one image right next to another and then another to save as much paper as humanly possible.
Reaching back into the recesses of his mind, Tony pulls the bleary images forward. He twitches slightly as the sensations overwhelm him. Like some sort of interactive play through.
It was a little disconcerting to feel the amount of discomfort he did at the thought. Because Tony didn’t want anyone to know him. Not really. He couldn’t fight his own demons that stalked his mind; no use asking someone else to.
worked, but Bucky, for the life of him, would not let it go. A dog with a frickin bone, that one).
The man turned back toward Steve, eyes searching his. He thought he was able to make out something hesitant but hopeful in the look, but Steve had been wrong about worse things before. His mom had always said he was one of the densest people she’d ever had the pleasure of knowing.
Steve's next inhale caught in his throat at the contact, and he had to remind himself that air was one of those necessities of life.
Jarvis had held Tony’s hand tight within his own arthritic one that day. Tony could feel the bones beneath that paper-thin skin, could feel the wrinkles and outcroppings of veins. He loved that hand. As a child, it held him, taught him, protected him as much as it could. When Tony got older, it did its best to provide guidance.
Whirling around on his heel, the man held out his hand towards Bucky. “This is…” he paused, waiting.
Like a silvery blue bullet, the thought shoots through the fog, dispersing into willowed wisps in the time it might take him to fly above the Pacific fog.
All other times, Steve consulted with Doctor Banner.
He forced himself to take a few steadying breaths, reminding himself that he didn’t have the arc reactor anymore. His heart worked just fine without it. Tony didn’t need it anymore.
Steve sent him a sheepish grin, realizing it was the only warning he was able – or willing – to risk. Tomato tamato.
It’d been years since he’d been up here, and this was a lot like walking right into the past. He was so sure that if he squinted in the exact right way and tilted his head a little, he’d be able to make out the slumped shoulders and blond head of a man looking for some form of peace. A peace he never found, but Tony liked to think – used to like to think, he reminded himself – that up here, with Tony, he could find a little.
Tony Stark turned back once, locking his gaze on Steve’s one last time. Steve let the soothing warmth of rightness inflate his body, making his skin tingle. He almost couldn’t breathe past it. Then the eyes were gone, going downcast towards the floor as Mr. Stark reached the door. Steve caught the smile, though, curving over those rosy lips, and the faint blush on tanned cheeks.
Sometimes, he could still smell the fine dirt coating the insides of his nostrils and the outside of his skin. So thick, they were like a clay casing, trapping his body in a mold of what it once was. Or maybe it had been an extra layer of armor. A useless armor against the gut-wrenching scent of burning skin and the sight of charred flesh on men who were still alive, not yet close enough to the verge of death to make Steve believe God had the capability of having a single merciful thought. Not anymore.
Tony jolted at her words, breath catching. “You think it was my fault?” he asked, sounding and feeling like someone had just knocked the wind from him.
Tony’s brows shot up farther, eyes widening slightly as he reared back for a moment. “I’m sorry, what?”
Closing his eyes against the nausea, Tony swallowed. He hated when people did that.
A silence filled the room, and Tony blinked back to himself and the world around him reappeared. FRIDAY’s voice filled the room and Tony found himself inadvertently craning his neck up to watch the ceiling as she spoke. A bad habit he hadn’t gotten around to breaking.
Something burned into the side of Steve’s face, and he stuttered his eyes up to find the man staring back at him, phone having gone dark in his hands. Steve felt heat threaten to take over his entire face and forced it back. In a miracle of all miracles, despite Steve’s obvious and invasive checking-out of the man’s everything, he gave Steve a hesitant smile.
But he was determined to hold on to this for as long as he could. If possible, he wouldn’t ever let it go.
Steve tightened his hand around the cool, metal bar as the elevator gave a lurch that might’ve been all in his head before speeding upwards, reaching for the skies like the ending of Willy Wonka. It made him dizzy. His stomach felt like it had been left on the ground floor, churning in gravity’s vice-like grip. He swore he could hear the whirring of air rushing past them right outside the metal casing, but that was impossible.
The only things that had been there to greet him when he’d come home were the screams of ghosts that echoed around the inside of his skull late at night, lasting so long that lines began to blur, and soon Steve couldn’t tell if the screams belonged to him or them. That and a pile of bills thicker than his forearm.
He tensed as his gaze travelled downward, catching on what looked like a sword that was the same height as him poking through what must have been the portal. Tony narrowed his eyes, gripping the briefcase even tighter. Couldn’t back out now, that much he knew. When it came down to it, god vs. mortal, not even he was deluded enough to think he could win despite what Pepper, the press, and certain former teammates would say.
