He peered over Sam’s shoulder at the leather-bound volume he was pulling out of his bag. “What is it?”
Castiel sighed as he hung up the phone. He lifted the cat and set her gently back down on the couch cushion. She looked content, finally, and he figured the couch was as good a place as any for her to spend the night.
They watched Monty Python, which somehow led to Star Wars next. Cas actually owned the Star Wars DVDs and pulled them off the shelf proudly, still wrapped in cellophane.
Not for the first time, Dean was stunned into silence. He was finding that he didn’t like it much when Cas’s smiles were the sad kind.
Suddenly feeling as though he was intruding on something intensely personal, Dean hastily ripped a single sheaf of paper from the first half of the notebook— a rougher sketch of bird that Cas clearly hadn’t been happy with, as he’d scribbled over it. He closed the notebook and set it carefully back in the desk, shutting the drawer quietly.
Dean popped the remaining strawberry on his plate into his mouth and answered before he had fully finished chewing. “Yeah. He’s my little brother.” He swallowed and cleared his throat.  “And he’s getting married tonight. You down to be my plus one? It’s at the same place so we can probably re-trace our steps and see if we can’t figure out what happened last night. If we actually did get married, I’m sure Sam can help us get it sorted out.”
"Yeah, uh.. excuse me, sorry," Dean muttered, suddenly distracted by the sight of Cas across the room looking profoundly out of place.
“I promise,” says Castiel. "I'm running warmer than normal because my grace is, well, working to heal me." Castiel frowns down at his shoulder.
The scene is grim when he finally arrives. Dark smoke billows from the side of the building with bright flames licking at the edges. There are swarms of people, sirens everywhere, and mutterings that some people haven’t made it out. Dean shouts himself hoarse looking for Cas in the crowd.
“Come on! If I don’t look, it’ll be like you’re that hot brunette from the TV going down on me. And you could pretend I’m whatever dude it is that floats your boat. I don’t know, like Harrison Ford. Or Gunnar Lawless? Doctor Sexy!”
“Dean, you’re tired,” Cas says. “And stressed, beyond what most humans could endure. And a little drunk. And what, forty now? This is perfectly normal and nothing to be ashamed of.”
Castiel arrived at Sam and Dean’s place the night before Halloween with no small amount of trepidation. As much as Castiel liked Halloween, he really wasn’t fond of horror movies. He’d never quite had the constitution for it, and he was already beginning to regret his decision to come tonight. He could be at home with a cup of tea and a good book. Why was he even here? Chances were good he wouldn’t make it through the night and would just make a fool of himself. He should have skipped this evening, and come back next week for regular games night. Everyone would have understood if he’d just said he was tired.
He’s good at that part— keeping his mouth shut and locking it all up inside. His secret to holding it in is to let it out in small, private moments so as not to burst with the force of it all and accidentally spill his sloppy heart out all over Cas at inopportune times.
There was a wheezing noise that took Dean a few moments to realize was the sound of his own lungs struggling to get air. He was hot. Too hot. He pulled at his shirt, and the room blurred more, darkening at the edges. He heard a deep voice somewhere far in the distance.
He turns and Cas is right there, staring intently at him. Maybe it’s the beer, but he’s not really concerned about personal space right now and finds he quite likes the proximity after so long without it. It has been so long… so long without any touch at all. Cas is only inches away. He could lean over, just a bit, and their foreheads would touch. Or their lips...
Dean lurched to his feet unsteadily and rushed to Cas's side, dropping heavily to his knees next to him.
Cas has been coming home late from work. More than that, Cas has been coming home late from a job he
He stroked once, twice, and then Dean was coming again, harder this time, the orgasm ripping forth from somewhere much deeper within him.
"This is Meg," Cas says, drawing Dean’s attention away from the orange kitten. He smiles proudly at an ancient-looking tabby cat that limps slowly toward him. Her fur is still mangy, even though it's evident someone's been brushing and caring for her. One eye is nearly swollen shut with some kind of infection, an ear looks as though something took a bite out of it, and her tail is bent at an odd angle. She hisses at Dean like she wants to scratch his face off and leaves a wide berth around him, which suits Dean just fine.
"They've all gone missing from parties over the last few weeks and found the next day drained of blood," Sam explained. "And get this: the next big event on campus is the Halloween costume party this weekend."
Dean coughed, and did as the voice said. He breathed. In and out, and within moments, his vision had cleared and his breathing became easier. He gulped in a deep breath of air.
Cas looked at him with squinted eyes, considering. Dean felt a bit like he was being sized up. Finally, Cas sighed, and spoke.
Cas laughed, and the scowl returned. He reached over to pet her, but she jumped a little and eyed him with hesitation. Her tail twitched back and forth and she sneezed again.
Alone but for the engine in front of him, Dean finds himself thinking the one thing he’s been desperately avoiding.
Cas cleared his throat and they all turned to look at him. “So, does anyone know what exactly happened last night?” he said, and signed for Eileen.
Sam unlocked the door and slid it open a few inches, peering out into the dark. A sharp gust of cold wind blew in alongside a large, very angry looking cat. Sam pushed the door shut again, and they all stared in silence for a long moment at the windswept creature that had bounded into the living room.
“Your parrot doesn’t mind the chanting?” Dean asked, gesturing at the birdcage where Balthazar sat contentedly. When Dean looked over at him, the bird flapped its wings and pronounced Dean a dumbass again.
It was warm and safe, and Dean felt himself beginning to get sleepy. But as much as Dean wanted to stay there forever, he knew he couldn’t. He couldn’t lose himself here, couldn’t get too comfortable. This was just supposed to be a fun time.
As soon as the garage opened, he sorted things out with them, got the necessary parts replaced, and was able to set out on the road by lunchtime.
Cas sighed. “I feel a lot of things, but sadness isn’t one of them. Relief, perhaps? Is that terrible? But really, I lost my father a long time ago, and I’ve already grieved that. Michael only saw fit to call me about it on Friday once the funeral was over. I’m not terribly sorry that I missed it if I’m being perfectly honest, but we fought, and well, that’s how I found myself in a bar watching you and thinking that just maybe I wanted to do something a little crazy.” He looked up at Dean and smiled, giving a small shrug. “Like I said, I don’t normally go to bars or drink much at all, really. It was just… extenuating circumstances.”
Surprisingly, Dean gives a hell of a blow job. He seems to have gotten over any shyness now, and moves his head faster, his motions deeper. Castiel experiments with a tiny thrust up into Dean’s mouth, and the resulting moan from Dean reverberates everywhere. Dean slows for a moment, taking Cas as deep as he can and holding still. Castiel would give anything in the world to have the use of his hands; he wants to touch, to feel himself pressed against the inside of Dean’s cheek, to stroke Dean’s face and run his thumb along Dean’s lips where they’re stretched to accommodate him. When Dean gags slightly Cas tries to pull back, but Dean follows him, bobbing his head eagerly, heedless of the saliva that is pooling or the wet, slick sound that he’s making.
No answer. Dean sat at a table, drinking the latte, and staring at his phone. This was so stupid. What had he been thinking? He was halfway done the latte before panic well and truly set in.
He catches a brief glimpse of Dean’s reddening face before he turns away, though the evidence is clear in the blush that spreads to the back of his neck.
Cas, for his part, had stared intently at both of them as they worked. It was unnerving, and yet not altogether unfamiliar. Dean had tried to scoop him into a large glass bowl with a spoon, but Cas kept hopping out onto the table, and there was no arguing with a stubborn frog.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas sighed. He could feel his face heating up and he ducked to pick up the books that had fallen to the floor.
Dean could tell that Sam and Eileen were itching to be alone, and so a short time later, they wished them goodnight and parted ways. Dean pulled his brother into a tight bear hug. “Congratulations little brother.” Sam melted into the hug and lingered a little longer than he normally did.
"I wasn't a girl cat, okay?" Dean huffed. "And this is so not the point. Don't think you're getting off the hook this easily, Sammy."
Dean wandered down the bunker’s halls carrying Cas in the bowl and humming to himself. He found himself outside the room that Cas often spent time in and pushed the door open gently, unsurprised to find the room bare but for the sparse Men of Letters furniture. There were no clothes, no photos, no personal effects whatsoever. Nothing to show that Cas had ever been there at all.
“Uh.. hello?” Dean offered, hoping to diffuse the situation. He raised his hands above his head in a sign of surrender, to make himself appear less threatening.
“I’m in,” Dean announced, and smirked at the surprised look on Cas’s face. “Hell, don’t most divorcing couples get a last hurrah or something?” He winked. “This can be ours. What happens in Vegas and all.”
“Right, yeah. You only got sliced open by a goddamn angel blade. God knows how they got their hands on that, but seriously, Cas? What the hell were you thinking?”
“Hey, you were sober,” said Sam, throwing his hands up in defense. “He was sober. Y’all didn’t start pounding back martinis ‘till after. And frankly, you were being a dick, and I was pissed, and it felt like the best revenge at the time was just to let you carry on being an idiot.”
He shifted in Cas’s lap, rolled his hips down. Cas let out a filthy groan and Dean’s fingers clenched where they were buried in the back of Cas’s wings.
. Now, he knows in vivid detail exactly what it would be like. He also knows the answer to the question of
The summer soon draws to a close. The night before their bandages are set to come off, Castiel makes a particularly risky move. He isn’t sure what makes him do it. Maybe it’s the sounds coming from Dean, or the fact that their time at the cabin alone is coming to an end. Or maybe it’s Dean muttering Castiel’s name under his breath, his eyes open and staring. Whatever the reason, Castiel pulls away from Dean’s dick with a soft pop and watches as Dean exhales heavily. With the next breath, he makes his way up Dean’s body, pressing kisses up the length of Dean’s torso. He traces the hard lines of Dean’s body with his tongue. He shoves, just a little to one side, and Dean goes willingly, collapsing bonelessly into the couch cushions with a gasp. Castiel follows, covering Dean’s body with his own and drawing his tongue across a nipple. Dean shivers beneath him.
He used to have the same one all the time: his mom, trapped in the fire that killed her. Now, it’s Cas he dreams of trapped in the flames, screaming for Dean who’s unable to reach him. Every time he closes his eyes, Dean sees black smoke and tosses fitfully in and out of sleep each night. Sometimes, when it’s really bad, he’ll sneak out of his room, tiptoe down the hall, and peek in on Cas sprawled out on the couch. It’s stupid, he knows, and maybe even a little creepy. But he misses having Cas next to him, and being able to glance over for reassurance in the night that Cas is okay.
Dean let out a low whistle. “You are so outta his league, Eileen. Are you sure you want to go through with this?” He spoke slowly, turned to face her, and enunciated his words carefully so she could read his lips. He’d only ever talked to Eileen a couple of times before in skype calls with Sam, but he knew the drill.
Cas picks up takeout on the way home and they eat on the couch watching TV. Afterward, Cas curls into Dean’s side, head on his shoulder. Dean’s nearly fallen asleep when Cas speaks up.
It started polite enough, Cas’s lips grinning against his. It was a little strange, Dean thought, but not at all unpleasant. Cas’s stubble brushed against his own and it was a delicious sort of counterpoint to the softness of Cas’s lips. Cas’s thumb resumed its soothing strokes over his cheekbone, while his other hand moved upwards and tangled into his hair, tracing the lines of his neck along the way. It’s was gentle and sweet; and then, suddenly, it wasn’t. Cas’s tongue was in his mouth, his teeth nipping at his bottom lip with frenzied urgency and Dean let out a long, low moan. He pushed back into Cas’s mouth, equally desperate for the taste of him. He could feel himself getting hard in his jeans and he squirmed uncomfortably.
Dean woke early the next morning to sunlight just beginning to glint off Baby’s dash. He groaned, and stretched out his cramped limbs. His neck had a kink and his back was killing him.
As he moves behind Cas, Dean reaches to smooth down the angel’s ridiculous bedhead before he catches himself and lowers his arm back down to his side. He puts another pot of coffee on and starts breakfast, banging drawers a little louder than is strictly necessary.
“I can see that,” Dean smiled. “You’re doing a bang-up job of it, too.” He reached around him to pull the offending pan off the burner and dump it in the sink. It looked like it may have contained eggs at one point but now more closely resembled black tar. He switched everything off.
And then she left, back through the swinging doors, and Dean was left alone. He stood there for a long time staring at the doors before a nurse found him.
Dean had to clear his throat a couple of times before his voice would work. “Yeah, I’m here. Is he okay?”
Dean coughs. “He said, ‘I know.’ Fucker. Granted, he was wearing a tux, too, and had just finished a pretty impressive tap routine himself, so who even knows. Maybe I imagined the whole thing. And when I was finally coherent again, I was too scared to ask but he smiled at me in that fucking Garth way, you know?”
The feeling in his chest explodes. Dean’s hand tightens its grasp on his coat and his head falls heavy on Castiel’s shoulder.
Sam stood up and went to the sliding glass doors that looked out to the backyard, now obscured by darkness. “What the—”
He caught a flash of silver though, and dimly registered a knife just as the monster hurled it through the air towards him. He flinched, utterly unable to defend himself, and braced for the knife's deadly blow to his chest.
“An affair?” The redhead named Charlie comes out from around the counter and nudges Cas. “This guy? You’ve gotta be kidding me. You must be—”
The kittens scatter and Meg curls into Cas's lap like she belongs there. She's old and arthritic, and Cas tells him all about some kind of respiratory thing that makes her eyes look crusty and her nose drip. But Cas stares lovingly at her, completely transfixed as she sits and glowers at Dean.
“Well I won’t argue that, but I’m pretty sure we’re both idiots, Dean. And if it’s all the same, I’d like to do it proper this time. I’d like all the things we didn’t get to have before. A first date… holding your hand… goodnight kisses.” Cas looked at him with no small amount of apprehension. He needn’t have worried though.
And so, Dean stood in the middle of Cas’s living room modeling not the first, not the second, but the third suit Cas had picked out for him from his closet.
“But that’s what I’m saying, Dean. Aren’t vengeful spirits too insane to properly execute threats? I was under the impression they killed out of rage, so why would this one be so careful?”
“I’m not sure if it’s that simple, Dean. He’ll probably try to stay, to destroy any perceived threats to Tammy.”
When they broke away from one another, a different kind of silence had settled over the room than the kind that they had both grown accustomed to recently. This one was not swollen with bitterness. Frustration, maybe, though Castiel thought that would likely always be a component of his relationship with Dean. And this silence held hope as well, that things could be better, that they could do something other than hurt each other.
“I suppose I overcompensated. I’m sure you’re familiar with that.” It was just a joke, but as soon as the words left his lips, Castiel tensed, waiting for Dean to get out of the car and slam the door.
“It’s my grace. Just a bit of it. Not enough to do me any harm.” After a moment of silence, he adds, “If it bothers you, I could get you something else. I just wanted you to have a piece of it, before the rest of it’s gone.”
“After I left this morning I realized that my absence may have seemed more deliberate than it was,” Castiel elaborated. “I needed some time to think, but I should have communicated that to you.”
“Nah,” Dean said, and set the remote down on his nightstand. Cas hoped he wasn’t mistaken, but he took this as an invitation to stay a while. He kicked his shoes off and mirrored Dean’s position, leaning back against the wooden headboard.
When Castiel didn't look up – out of embarrassment or something else, he wasn't sure – Dean placed a hand on his face, cupping his cheek gently, and forced his gaze up. He wiped away tears with his thumb, and Castiel was released from his misery for just a moment to delight in the feeling of Dean's callouses rubbing against his skin.
To Cas’ surprise, Dean didn’t appear to be finished. “And… if you were to fall again, and, you know, stay that way – stay human, I mean – you would still be the most important person to me, besides Sammy. That wouldn’t go away. So you don’t have to worry about that.”
“Events of the future are constantly— ” Cas started to interrupt, but Sam held up a hand and, somewhat surprisingly, he fell silent.
didn’t want to work out. But he was an abysmal liar. Cas would know if he was just making something up.
“Coming out is hard,” Charlie said quietly, and Sam wondered what it was that she was remembering from her own life that could make her voice so small and sad.
“Well, yeah, we’re pissed at each other, but just because someone fucks up doesn’t mean you don’t love them anymore. You know that. I mean you’ve done some really shady shit, and I still – ”
The mention of the younger Winchester made Castiel feel guilty for enjoying this time alone with Dean. “Shouldn’t we be calling him, or Charlie?”
Cas shrugs. “I prefer to be somewhat honest when possible, and especially considering the conversation we had on our way here, I don’t think it’s unreasonable to say that we’re both father figures to Claire in some way.”
He closed Dean’s door on his way out. The muffled murmur of the TV started up again, and Cas’ hand lingered on the doorknob for just a moment. It felt strange to say the least, to kiss Dean and then just say goodnight, like nothing had changed. He wanted so badly to be on the other side of that door, in Dean’s bed, beside him, and it was all within reach now. But he would have to wait.
Cas sighed as they started back toward the car, and Dean felt a familiar weight settle over him. The only reason they were having this argument in the first place was because Cas was trying to get him to be someone he could never be. He was definitely emotionally stunted, and he knew that, but at least he was at peace with it. He knew his place, and that was behind a gun, pointing it at creepy sons of bitches and pulling the trigger. He thought Cas loved him for that. Why did everyone want him to change? Sammy and Cas both seemed to be asking him to look for something that wasn’t there, some “other piece” of himself that he could find so that he could be a “whole person.” But as far as he was concerned, he was as close to whole as he was ever going to get, and didn’t see any use in trying to patch himself up. For Cas, he would sure as hell try, but he was sure he’d just let him down in the end. He’d just let everyone down.
“I have a feeling that whatever you’re about to say is offensive, so I would suggest using some restraint,” Cas said sharply as they exited the elevator.
“Nick’s friends found out that Tammy had been raised as a boy, and when Nick defended her, they killed him.”
“My head’s fine,” Sam lied. The trials were giving him a really special kind of illness, one he could only describe as ‘the flu on meth.’
Dean sighed and looked at Cas, then realized he was doing it just for the sake of looking at him. He looked away again. “Okay, but are you sure you’re up for it? I mean you’re still pretty fucked up from the trials.” Dammit. He just couldn’t escape that stupid brotherly instinct. Not even a few hours had passed and he was already half-done being mad and back to being concerned.
, the billion-year-old angel of the lord? That’s harder to accept. He also finds himself surprised at the way Mary talks to Cas, the way she looks at him. There’s this… warmth. Sometimes Dean wonders if she knows. Sam probably wouldn’t tell her something like that out of the blue, but if she asked, it might be a different story. Or maybe she just has that sixth sense that people always say moms have. Regardless, Dean tries not to be too obvious around her. Cas has been remarkably patient about that, and seems to understand that Dean isn’t ashamed of him, he’s just in uncharted territory.
Dean sighs. It was kind of inevitable that she would find out (or figure it out), but there’s something so unsettling about not knowing her reaction, not knowing when or how she first realized. Was she surprised? Disappointed? Weirded out?
Sam knew she was joking, but couldn’t help picturing what it would be like to have her around. It would be nice. And if anywhere was safe, it was the bunker. “Maybe you should,” he said. “I don’t think Dean would mind having an extra hunter around. He’s gonna need someone to do all the research for him if I don’t make it.”
Dean’s frown intensified as something else seemed to catch his eye. He slowly moved to the other side of the table, apparently terrified of whatever he was approaching. When Sam saw what it was Dean was looking at, he had to bite his tongue to prevent himself from laughing.
book – “he didn’t really give you much of a choice. So my point is, you’re allowed to want things for yourself. And when you tell other people they’re allowed to want things, too, that’s not a bad thing. Dean might get grumpy about it, but he’s always grumpy.”
He shrugs, continues folding clothes and packing them into his duffel. “Maybe. So, uh, what did Sam say about all this, anyway?”
Sam’s train of thought was broken when Castiel suddenly rose from his chair, which made a horrible screeching sound against the floor. “Sorry,” Cas said. “I know that cannot have helped your headache.”
Dean hadn’t noticed either of their voices getting progressively lower in both volume and tone over the course of the conversation. Nor did he notice that Cas had been moving closer to him. Was Cas trying to
“What can I do to help you feel better?” Cas asked, tilting his head to the side. “I’m not too familiar with antidotes to human ailments.”
“It’s okay, I have my angel blade.” Again, he didn’t know for a fact that it would work if they came upon a threat, but he was desperate to provide Dean with some sort of reassurance, to keep him calm. “Think of the bunker. You’re there now. Your body, I mean.”
To Dean’s relief, Cas kept his smugness to a minimum, at least outwardly. “Sam is texting you the coordinates and more information. Do we need to stop by the bunker for anything?”
His knee-jerk reaction is to be pissed at Cas for involving Sam, but he manages to push it down. He knows it’s irrational; Cas only wanted to do something nice for him, and it’s not like Sam didn’t already know. “You have a whole thing planned?”
“Yeah, I mean it fits. The spirit’s probably tied to the bar. Maybe something happened there recently. A fight or something.”
“I mean, you’ve been eating. And don’t get me wrong – I’m glad you can taste food. But that’s not really supposed to happen, right?”
He got permission from Tammy to search her house (just procedure, he assured her) and left Cas to stay with her and ask some follow-up questions. Dean did a thorough search of common places for hex bags and other witchy things, just in case, but didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. No cat skulls. No sage, no infant femurs, no giant books written in Latin and bound in human skin. No ectoplasm, either. No sulfur. No human remains in the refrigerator (and only one pack of ground beef – not enough to satisfy a transforming rugaru). Tammy didn’t seem to be anything more than Nick’s girlfriend.
Claire rolls her eyes. Dean’s always so defensive of his precious angel. Now if only he would admit to himself that there’s something distinctly non-platonic about it.
The worst thing about sleeping was the nightmares, horrifically vivid replays of what he did to the Dean-copies in heaven and to the real Dean in the crypt that left him thrashing and whimpering where he slept on the couch in the bunker. Several nights in a row, Dean had shaken him awake, his eyebrows pulled together in concern, squinting in the harsh yellow light of the lamp he had turned on. "Cas, buddy," Dean had said, his voice even more gravel than usual from grogginess. "Wake up. You're having a nightmare."
“He’s stable, in one of the guest rooms. Sam and Rowena are working to find a reversal for what Michael did to him. In the meantime, we’ll have to keep him sedated.”
Jack and Cas each stayed where they were. Perhaps Jack did so out of shock, but Cas was all too cognizant of how exhausted Dean must be, and how little he enjoyed being fussed over. As much as he wanted to go to Dean, embrace him, tell him how proud he was, he knew that Dean would need space. As a way to release some of his overwhelming relief, he pulled Jack into a hug. Jack leaned into the embrace and ducked his head against Cas’ chest. “He did it,” he said in disbelief.
Dean glanced over at Cas, but quickly grew uncomfortable with the intense eye contact and looked back at the road.
“Do you think I would make you a ring that couldn’t handle a little dirt, Dean? It’ll rinse right off. I promise.”
Dean thought about telling Cas that they had work to do (which was technically true), but he would probably take it as rejection (which wasn’t true at all). He wanted Cas, there wasn’t any denying that anymore. He just had to work some stuff out first… some stuff he
Although his wings could not take their true physical form here on earth, when he was alone he allowed them to manifest in their smaller size, invisible to humans, so he could stretch them. Wings to angels were like limbs, and his were stiff and sore from being tucked against his back for hours, sometimes days at a time. Flying was not strenuous; the exercise felt pleasant, but now as he extended his wings further he felt them tighten uncomfortably. He spread them out so the sun could warm them, and the feathers absorbed enough heat to soothe his aching muscles.
“Look, I’m not happy with you either,” Sam said honestly, and Cas hung his head. “But Dean and I, we tend to see things a little differently. I think sometimes he forgets how new all of this is for you, and that you have… other priorities.”
Dean couldn’t help but gasp as light exploded behind his eyelids, and his system was flooded with every sensation he had ever known and several he couldn’t even begin to name. He saw himself being pulled from his chains in the pit, carried in Castiel’s arms. He saw himself and his brother passed out on motel beds, Cas watching from by the window. He saw himself in purgatory fighting off a vamp, and felt a surge of terror he knew did not belong to him. What seemed like hundreds of memories erupted into his mind, and through all of them he felt a commonality, a feeling of almost violent protectiveness paired with unconditional affection.
Dean feels the sudden urge to tell Cas that he can take him someplace a little nicer to buy some clothes, if he wants to wear something else every once in a while. But that wouldn’t really be practical. Dean, after all, gets most of his clothes secondhand as well; no point in spending big bucks on clothes that are just gonna get blood and monster guts on them anyway. He only has one pair of jeans that he doesn’t wear on hunts, and they’ve lasted him five years so far. So if Cas doesn’t mind being thrifty, that’s just fine. He still wears his old suit and trench coat most of the time anyway (whether it’s out of respect for Jimmy or just habit, Dean doesn’t ask). Although, Dean realizes, Cas has been wearing other clothes more and more frequently. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt to take the guy to a Nordstrom Rack or something, at least…
Their motel room was nautical themed, despite the fact that Lincoln, Nebraska was probably just about as far from the ocean as you could get. Dean smirked at the corny lighthouse paintings while Cas put his bag down on one of the queen sized beds and shrugged out of his trench coat. “Are we FBI tonight?” he asked casually.
Cas seemed to be picking up on Dean’s internal monologue, because he tilted his head and did the thing where he squinted his eyes a little. Dean sometimes wondered if Cas had any idea how exaggerated and easy to read his body language was. The squinting thing looked ridiculous, but even Dean had to admit that head tilting was kind of adorable.
Dean had been doing this long enough to understand – Tammy really did know something. And it was something supernatural, something she was too afraid to mention yesterday.
But of course, there was Sam, and Jack, and the rest of the world that would be in danger if Michael escaped in Dean’s body. So Cas prayed that this really was a way out. They reached the door, waist-deep in water, and Cas took Dean’s hand and held it against the bar. “You
Dean figures Cas is probably amused by having to constantly remind him that he’s an angel. Which, yeah, it’s kind of ridiculous. But it’s not like he’s
“Bullshit,” Dean said, smirking. “You tried to boss me around as much as anyone else, in the beginning.” Cas thought he saw a hint of fondness along with the echoes of defiance in Dean’s eyes.
“You didn’t tell her, did you? About… about us?” It sounds bad when he says it like that, but he just has to remind himself that Cas knows it’s not personal.
“Well I’m pretty sure those girls weren’t possessed. Didn’t see any black shit coming out of their ears, anyway.”
The rest of the night was uneventful, the relaxed silence between them only interrupted by Dean’s occasional musings about the case. Just after the last employee walked to her vehicle and left the lot, Dean fell asleep again, this time facing Cas rather than the window. Castiel wondered if it was just coincidence or if Dean really did sleep more soundly when he knew that he was there with him. It may have been a silly notion, but it made him feel like he was worthy of Dean’s trust. After the things Naomi had made him do…
“Heya, Cas,” he said, then turned back to the car. “She won’t start. I checked everything I could think of. Think you can help me out? Give her a jump start?”
The night air would have been refreshing if not for the dumpster in the parking lot behind the bar, but Dean just tried not to breathe through his nose as he pulled out an EMF meter. As soon as he turned it on, it lit up and started making noise. “Well I’ll be damned,” Dean muttered. “Cas, did you see any power lines around here?”
“No,” Cas said as patiently as he could. Dean was already struggling to keep up, so he certainly didn’t want to confuse him any further by explaining that this Michael was from another world. “Dean, he possessed you. Whatever this is, it’s something he created to keep you locked away in your own mind. Or maybe you did it to protect yourself. Either way, it’s not real.”
Sam sat down and swallowed hard to kill the cough that was aching to rip through him. Coughing up blood would give Dean an excuse to change the subject. He cleared his throat, ignoring the searing pain in his tonsils. “I’ll make this quick,” he promised. “I know that what Cas did was pretty unforgivable, but you need to put it aside, at least for now. We have a situation on our hands”–
“Never mind. I just feel bad that you have to be here with me on this boring case. It’s below your pay grade.”
Dean tried not to smirk at the line that Cas had so clearly learned from him. “Yeah. Speaking of which, what can you tell us about the more recent victims? They were all friends of Nick’s, correct?”
“I’ve done research. I didn’t know how fast our relationship would be moving, but I wanted to be prepared. So I used the internet to further educate myself about human sexuality.”
Sam’s stomach lurched. It wasn’t so much a fear of death (although the prospect was not particularly appealing), it was the thought of leaving Dean alone in this mess. He would be alone with the burden of closing The Gates, but also alone with himself. The latter was what Sam worried would have the most disastrous consequences. He had no doubt that Dean was capable of completing the trials without him, but with no demons to chase and no Sam to protect, his brother would likely lose what little sense of self he had. Sure, Dean had lived for a year without him once before, but during that time he had a stable relationship and appearances to keep up. Since he had Lisa’s memory erased he had become even more reckless and hardened than Sam had thought possible. He knew it must be, consciously or not, to cover up the broken and vulnerable parts of himself he couldn’t fix.
Dean’s pretty sure that Jack, on the other hand, doesn’t suspect anything. He’s not dumb, but he doesn’t know Dean half as well as Sam does, and he probably doesn’t have any preconceived notions of what a friendship between two guys looks like. Jack is generous with his affection – he probably gives more hugs in a week than Dean does in a whole year, and says things like “you’re important to me” and “I love you” with such ease that it makes Dean jealous sometimes. With only his own openness as a point of reference, it’s unlikely that Jack finds anything suspicious about Dean’s interactions with Cas.
Cas lowers his voice, even though the garage is on the other side of the bunker. “I don’t know. Originally I wanted to wait a while, but just having the ring is making me impatient.”
“They had them as mints at a diner a few months ago, so I tried one, and I liked it. I always take a few when I can find them.”
It was like Cas had said, after all: he had seen all of him. Rebuilt his body from nothing. So Dean was surprised to see the look of fascination in Castiel’s eyes as he stared openly at his exposed skin. His body wasn’t what it used to be, Dean knew – he was getting a bit pudgy, and had a few stretch marks on his hips – and he was struck with a twinge of insecurity.
“Um, you’re bedridden.” She got up and started to adjust the blankets, pulling them up and around his shoulders. “You can’t really stop me.”
On the drive home, Dean cranks the heat up all the way, and looks over at Cas, who is wrapped up in his new red and green striped scarf and already halfway through a bag of peppermint bark, looking perfectly content.
Castiel finished it for him. “Of losing Dean.” He looked at the floor. “What do people do when they are anxious?”
“This one says ‘gentle glide,’” he says. “That suggests that the others are not gentle. So why would anyone purchase the ones that are not gentle? Dean?”
For most of his life, Dean had not known the feeling of safety. Every waking moment was laced with anxiety, and even when he slept he would jerk awake at the slightest sound or movement, ready to fight. Safety was an illusion, one that he and his brother worked to uphold for everyone else. He couldn’t count the number of times he had told someone,
Cas nodded. “Good, because… even if I don’t actively search for you, I’m still aware of where you are. It’s been that way for a while now.”
“Maybe I’ll keep you, too, Castiel,” Michael said with Dean’s voice. “I bet Dean would like that. It wouldn’t get so lonely in here.”
“They don’t know how bad it is. I didn’t even realize how bad it is. And Cas can’t heal this. It’s really dark stuff, Charlie. Above his pay grade.”
They sat down in a corner, at a booth with a dark oak table and maroon seats. The décor was definitely vintage, bordering on creepy. By the looks of the place, combined with the location, Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if it was a popular spot for hunters. Clearly that wasn’t the case, however, as there was still a killer on the loose. If there were other hunters here, they would be climbing over each other to be the hero. The bar would be full of fake badges and unregistered firearms. But it seemed quiet, just a few middle-aged dudes watching baseball and feeding their alcoholism. Nothing out of the ordinary.
The car ride was tense. Dean didn’t even bother to turn the stereo back up, which told Cas just how distracted he was. Cas held Dean’s phone in his hand the whole way, his palm getting uncharacteristically sweaty. But the phone never rang. Every half hour or so, Dean would say, “Try them again,” and Cas would, but neither Sam nor Charlie ever answered. Cas grew increasingly concerned as time went on, and couldn’t prevent horrible scenarios from running through his mind. What if there had been an assault on the bunker? What if Sam and Charlie had somehow been kidnapped by a demon, or a rogue angel, or something else? What if Sam had taken a turn for the worse and Charlie didn’t have the heart to tell Dean? Cas forced that thought down as soon as he had it. Sam would be fine. He had to be.
“Well, great job on that,” he mutters, but massages my shoulder on the way to the fridge. “You okay? Wanna talk about it?” He takes out the milk and pours two glasses, sliding one over to me.
“If you lose,” Cas continued, “we will find another way. But I’m not giving up, and neither are you.”
“So you don’t… you know… like her back?” Dean knows he sounds like a fourteen-year-old. He also doesn’t care. He’s just sick of not knowing, of the question hanging over his head.
Dean stood by the window, fidgeting. Every few minutes he moved the curtains aside to peer outside into the parking lot, and let out intermittent huffs and sighs.
“You don’t like that I have emotions. You don’t like that I care for you, because it can be inconvenient for you at times.”
“Nah, it’s fine. In fact, maybe it’s better this way. I want you to be able to find me if one of us is in trouble or something.”
Cas’s frown in reaction to being called a sap is, of course, nothing but endearing, and Dean is reminded once again of just how far
“No. She truly believes that those men wouldn’t have hurt Nick. She thinks it really was an accident. Although, now, she might start to wonder. Thanks to us.”
Dean let his cell go to voicemail a few times before he agreed to answer it, at Cas’ request. He had to shift around in the seat of the Impala to fish his cell out of his pocket, and gave Cas an apologetic look as he untangled their arms. He glanced at the caller ID and rolled his eyes when he saw his brother’s name. He answered the call.
Castiel’s hand slides up to cup Dean’s cheek. Dean’s heart hammers in his chest at the tender contact. “I would do everything again the same way,” Cas says, “except for the parts when I hurt you and Sam.”
Dean’s palms get a little sweaty just from the word. But he’s also oddly pleased that Cas remembers his phobia. “There are other ways to travel,” he points out. “Better ways.”
Castiel blinked at Dean, wondering if he was misunderstanding the question. “I’ve been watching the bar.”
“I don’t know,” he replied honestly. “I’m sure he’ll try to find another vessel, now that he knows Dean is capable of forcing him out. Until we know his next move, I suppose we should just wait. Allow Dean to recover.”
“I wanted to believe it wasn’t you. But you looked at me like you hated me. I really thought you were going to…”
“Dean,” is the only word I can choke out, because suddenly I am crying. It feels so ridiculously good to be human, to be standing in a kitchen at three in the morning, to taste peanut butter, to feel tired and vulnerable and
“It’s nothing, Cas. I can get ’em at the store for you whenever you want. I just wanted you to have something to open.”
They’re both silent on the walk back to the car. Once they’re inside, Dean puts the keys in the ignition, but doesn’t start the car. “W-why did you – ?”
Dean took Cas’ hand again, and used his other hand to turn the doorknob. The door swung open, and they were pulled through, leaving Benny and their past selves behind.
Cas slides the package towards him, tears away the newspaper, and looks down at the three-pound bag of peppermint candies. “Dean,” he says, and looks back and forth between him and the bag a few times. “There are so many,” he adds. “Thank you.”
“Do you know how many cursed objects I’ve had to torch? And do you know how many of them have been kids’ toys? It’s so much worse when they have eyes, man.”
“Dude,” Dean says. “We’re literally in the kitchen. You could’ve just walked over to the fridge and – ”
Dean stared at him with his lips slightly parted, and there was that look again, of composed reverence. Still, it surprised Cas when Dean reached across the space between them to carefully cup his hand around Cas’ neck. Dean’s thumb slipped below his ear, slid down to trace his jaw. Dean leaned forward just an inch, gauging Cas’ reaction, gaze shifting between his eyes and his mouth. When Cas started to lean in, too, Dean rushed forward and kissed him.
“Was he acting strange at all before he left? You know, like he was scared of something?” Dean asked.
“Besides,” Dean continued, “you did enough already. You’re the one who fished me out of there. Still don’t know how you did it.”
“Sex? The point of a relationship? Not in the slightest. At least, not for me. I suppose it could be the fact that I’m not human, but quite honestly, I could spend the rest of my existence in your company and be perfectly happy with just that.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again. “Let’s go get the car.” But it didn’t feel right. It felt like Cas was just humoring him, like Dean hadn’t actually won. He felt manipulated and patronized.
Dean set his clothes down and turned around to face him, leaning back against the counter. “It’s alright, man. Sorry for making it awkward.”
“He wasn’t really himself those last few days,” Tammy said, and Dean and Cas gave each other a meaningful look. “He wasn’t scared, just upset. He had been fighting with his friends over something, and he wouldn’t talk to me about it. That wasn’t like him.”
They carried him to the car. On the way out of the parking garage, Sam called Rowena on speaker phone. Her shrill, somewhat irritated voice on the other end of the phone seemed light years away to Cas, though he still caught most of what she said. “If only you could go a week without one of you being in mortal danger. You’re lucky I’ve grown fond of you, Samuel. I do have other business to attend to aside from catering to your every whim.”
Sam was quiet for a moment. It was true, Dean had stopped him from completing the trials, and assured Sam that their bond had not been broken by their differences, but forgiveness? That never came easy with Dean. It was always ‘Let’s just forget about it,’ or ‘You’re my brother.’ It was always Dean accepting Sam’s mistakes out of obligation rather than understanding.
Sam’s tucked himself into bed, even though they were supposed to go into town tonight for the stupid holiday street fair, because Cas wants to ‘experience things.’ Dean narrows his eyes. “I’ve seen you fight off vamps with a broken arm. You’re telling me you’re too sick to go out and take a stroll?”
The touch was so gentle he could barely feel it through his shirtsleeve, but it sent electric currents pulsing through his body. Cas’ hand was perfectly aligned with the where his handprint used to be, before it healed. But even now, when Cas touched that spot, it was as if Dean’s flesh remembered him, and the skin tingled in a cool burn. It felt like stepping into a warm room after hours in the cold.
For several minutes, Cas read the same passage over and over again, not even attempting to translate it or write it down. He didn’t know how or when he had become this way. He was a soldier. A warrior. Sometimes things happened on the battlefield, he knew that. That did not excuse grudges against comrades in times of conflict.
“Okay,” said Cas. “You have to find a way out. You want to go to the bunker, back to your body. Concentrate on going there.”
“He said to restrict your alcohol intake, because you tend to drink a lot when you’re throwing a temper tantrum. And that tequila makes you particularly belligerent.”
Another gunshot boomed, the sound slightly muffled by the walls. It seemed to be coming from the firing range. Dean burst through the door with Cas at his side. They found Sam and Charlie with handguns drawn and pointed at targets. Both had ear protection on. Charlie fired a shot into her target’s head and punched the air in victory. Then she noticed Dean and Cas standing in the doorway.
“I get it, Sammy, you want me to be happy.” He turned around and leaned against the counter. “But my happy and your happy are two different things.”
Dean was used to sharing a motel room with either his brother or a one-night stand, not someone with whom he was engaged in a serious, let’s-take-things-slow kind of relationship. In fact, he had never really been in one of those relationships at all. So when he stepped out of the shower in the morning and simply wrapped a towel around his waist before heading back into the main room to get some clean (ish) clothes, he didn’t realize that he would be crossing some unspoken, metaphorical boundary.
He didn’t want Dean to be angry with him. Dean was generally brimming with resentment as it was, which he kept at a constant simmer, hidden only from those who didn’t look close enough. Cas wondered how much of that resentment was reserved for him specifically. He imagined Dean cared for him almost as much as he cared for Sam, albeit in different ways, and if Dean could care for Sam so much and still feel so much resentment toward him, then the same probably went for Castiel himself. It seemed that holding grudges was a part of most significant relationships, at least for Dean, but Cas still disliked the idea. He often fantasized about a theoretical time in the future when he and Dean could be more open with one another, and when emotional discussions and personal questions would be received exactly as Castiel intended them – as signs of genuine concern – rather than as attempts to make Dean feel insecure or judged.
“If you would like, I can stop” – he held up finger quotes – “‘teleporting’ and call you instead. You can give me your location if you choose and I can just meet with you that way.”
“Merry Christmas,” Cas replies with a smile, and sits down across from him. He glances at the newspaper-wrapped package, but doesn’t say anything about it.
When dawn began to break, a pale blue bleeding across the sky, Dean stirred in his sleep. Castiel pressed two fingers to Dean’s forehead, and his breathing slowed again. He deserved a little more sleep. He deserved more than he knew.
Castiel hoped Dean wouldn’t read too much into his absence. In hindsight, he should have left a note, but it was human things like these that only crossed his mind as afterthoughts. Besides, he would return soon. He just needed some time to think.
An alarm began to sound, and they were plunged back into darkness. Cas desperately reached out for Dean, blindy grasping his shirt, his shoes slushing through the rapidly rising water. “We have to go. Now.”
Cas imagines proposing for what must be the hundredth time today, and feels the resulting adrenaline course through his system, altering his judgment. It’s something that used to bother him, but now it feels simultaneously thrilling and familiar.
Dean grins and gingerly pulls it out of the box. He’s about to slide it onto his ring finger, but he pauses and hands the ring to Cas. He holds out his hand so Cas can put it on for him. “You’re not gonna tell Sammy about this –” he mutters as Cas slides it into place, “ – the whole you putting the ring on for me, thing. So stupid.”
“No, it probably gets zapped back there once it kills whoever it’s with. Speaking of which,” Dean said, looking at his watch, “we should get going. We don’t want anyone else getting snatched unless we’re there.”
Tammy was quiet for a minute, as if deciding whether or not to let the conversation continue on this particular path. Then she took a deep breath. “Look, I’m going to say something, and if you think I’m crazy, then that’s fine.”
time to think. Every quiet moment between them seems to trigger another wave of realization, dragging him deeper into his feelings for Cas. And each time, he thinks,
Cas pulls back, and grins when Dean leans forward automatically, trying to follow his mouth; he loves to make Dean chase after a kiss, especially when he’s already this worked up. Instead of returning to Dean’s mouth, Cas turns his attention to his neck, sucking lightly, and Dean shudders. “I’m sorry,” Cas says, and bites gently along his jaw.
“Alright. But shouldn’t we be doing something besides just waiting? Don’t you usually speak with the victims’ loved ones?”
“We just have to talk it out,” Charlie said. "You and me. I have a bit of experience with guilt, remember? And dead parents, come to think of it. Guilt over dead parents. So really, I’m the perfect person to talk to.”
“Yes,” Cas said again. “Sam and Dean are remarkable in many ways. But humans as a whole, I think, are more powerful than angels realize. It’s like you said before, angels underestimate everyone but themselves. They can be foolish in their pride.”
Cas was about to answer when Dean’s eyes shot open, now filled with the white-blue glow of grace. Dean’s body seized up, and the shout that followed was somehow both Michael’s and his at once. The pure power emanating from Dean’s body was enough to make everyone in the room shrink back slightly. Even Rowena, arms extended in his direction and poised to strike with a spell, recoiled slightly as he thrashed against the restraints. She quickly recovered, however, and began to chant again, in the same strange mixture of Latin and Enochian.
“Alright, well I can be done in a few minutes here, so you could go run us a hot shower if you want, and I’ll catch up.” He quirks his eyebrow in that positively sinful way, and Cas almost takes his suggestion.
Dean pulls out a pair of sweatpants and a white T-shirt and tosses them to Cas. “Come on, we’re on vacation. And it’s my birthday. I say get comfy or get out.”
“Exactly. And let me tell you, it’s not like I lived through all of that by choice, either. I just had to keep going, you know? I had people depending on me. Like you, and Sammy. And the rest of the world, I guess. It’s not like I got through it out of bravery, or strength, or anything like that. I got through it because I had to. And you’d do the same thing.”
Now that Jack had gone, Cas let himself relax a bit more. He let out a shaky sigh and rubbed a hand across his face. It was a particularly exhausting part of being a parent, always wanting to appear brave, and wise, and steady.
They both smile, because they both know what Dean’s going to say. He says it anyway. “I’ll put it on your tab.” It’s an inside joke between them, his go-to facetious response when Cas thanks him. Cas is smart enough to know what it really means.
When Dean awoke the next morning, he thought he was dreaming. He was in bed with Cas, whose right arm was draped across his chest. Cas was wearing Dean’s Led Zeppelin shirt, and his eyes were closed, his breathing even. The other bed was completely untouched, still made with the sheets tucked under the mattress. Dean had to replay the previous night in his head to make sure he wasn’t forgetting anything. No, nothing had happened. When he had been ready to go to sleep, Cas had been reading at the table, and Dean asked if he’d rather read in bed. That led to a conversation about the proper clothes for relaxing in, never mind if angels couldn’t actually sleep –
“There is a burning sensation in my upper digestive tract, and I am finding it hard to concentrate.” He paused, as if he was waiting for Sam to diagnose him. “My body feels as though it wants to move, although I have not instructed it to do so.”
Dean frowned. He let the hood slam shut, then turned towards Cas and leaned back against the car, folding his arms. “What’s up?”
Dean pulled out of the apartment complex parking lot and onto the main road to head back to the motel. “Yeah. Didn’t see anything weird.”
“I have many flaws. Your argument does not make sense.” I say, though I can feel myself blushing. “And you have peanut butter breath.”
“I’m real,” Cas said, putting as much earnestness as he could into the words. “We used a spell so I could get to you, but Dean, we don’t have a lot of time. I have to get you back to your body, so you can expel Michael. You’re going to have to fight him.”
Dean frowned. His protective instinct kicked in, his big brother impulse, and he felt an immediate need to destroy the source of Cas’ fear. With Sam he usually fought back his reactions, because he couldn’t be too vulnerable around him. But with Cas, he could let go, at least a little. He put his hand on the angel’s shoulder and squeezed gently, fingernails digging into the worn material of his trench coat.
“We’re not sure,” Cas interjected before Dean could answer. “But anything you can tell us will be helpful.”
“Dean, you know I was not under my own control at the time. I was brainwashed. And I apologized on several occasions.”
— sandwich. “Besides, that’s got to be, like,” he says with his mouth full, “enough to get me sent back to hell right away. Cheating on an angel.”
Dean sighed. “You made a deal,” he said flatly, and sat up again. “You and Jack have been acting cagey all week.”
“Angels don’t sleep,” Cas said patiently (they had, after all, just discussed this) and with none of the morning raspiness that was present in Dean’s own voice. “I was meditating.”
Cas nods and sits down on the bed. He takes off his shoes, then lies down on his back, still in his clothes, trench coat and all. “Nuh uh,” Dean says, “We’re gonna take a
“The correct term is STI. It is common to have an infection without having a disease. There is a difference. STD is a rather outdated term.”
He looked down, avoiding eye contact at all costs. He couldn’t look at that angled jaw and the dark stubble that grew there, couldn’t wonder what it would feel like rubbing against his face, his neck, his thigh.
“It’s my bad,” said Charlie, stepping between Dean and Sam. “I should’ve texted you when he started feeling better, but we were just so excited, and then we made grilled cheese, and then we wanted to have target practice, and I should’ve texted you first, but I forgot, and then we must’ve left our phones in the kitchen.” All of this came out in a rush, without any pauses. “I’m sorry, you guys,” she added.
Cas turned back to look at the road unfolding in front of them. “They’re… no longer effective in this case.”
“Yeah. But as soon as we get back and give her the stuff we bought, we’ll make up for some lost time, ok?”
“Dean Winchester,” I say, and it comes out even more stern than I intended. “Don’t you dare think that I could just move on like that. Like you’re nothing to me.”
“No. Definitely not. He’d never see something like this coming. Oh my god. I’m so happy for you guys.”
Only one chapter left! I can't believe how long I've been working on this fic, and I really appreciate everyone who's stuck with it.
Dean turns his hand over, palm up, away from the painted wood of the railing. It’s only a slight movement, but Cas doesn’t miss a beat, just slides his hand into Dean’s and says, “Thank you for coming with me.”
When Dean and Cas stand in the doorway of the library, duffel bags in hand, Sam and Jack both glance up from their lore books. “Hey, uh,” Dean says awkwardly, and though he doesn’t miss Sam’s raised eyebrows and expectant look, he manages to continue. “Cas and I are gonna head out, take a little trip. We should be back by Monday.”
Dean had taken him shopping, about a year ago, to help him pick out said clothes, just the basics. And sure, most days, Cas still walks around in his full suit and trench coat, but sometimes having something a little less formal comes in handy. Like now.
“They seemed truthful to me,” Cas replied. “And why would a human willingly do anything on behalf a vengeful spirit?”
“Yeah, it’s not like I have a better idea. If we keep walking, this could just go on forever. I have no idea where we are, and you said we don’t have a lot of time. So let’s do it.”
This seemed to throw Sam off, and there was a brief pause as he tried to make sense of it. “You don’t even know what I was going to say.”
Even though the avoidance was so typical Dean, Cas still felt a rush of disappointment. He didn’t know what he’d been expecting. “I’m sorry for wasting time. I’ll get back to work.”
Cas released Dean’s shoulder with a sigh. “This…” he said, and gestured to the clearing. “It’s not real. Wherever we are, it’s just in your mind.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “but what I’m trying to say is, that’s not just some temporary thing. You’re family. You don’t have to say you’re ‘staying with us.’ It’s your home, too. I mean, if you want.”
“How should I know, Dean? I would not understand your desires to indiscriminately copulate with women, theoretical or otherwise.”
Castiel wants to ask for Sam’s permission first. He knows it’s silly, but he’s grown so fond of human traditions, and since he is now so close to being human himself, he figures he might as well have the full experience. Ordinarily, it would be the parents that one would ask, but seeing as Sam is the only family Dean has left, he seems a suitable choice. So one evening while Dean is in the bunker’s garage working on the Impala, Cas asks Sam if they can talk. They sit at the table with a couple of beers, Sam looking concerned.
Dean sits down next to his mom and chooses a powdered donut. Nobody suggests putting a candle in it, or singing, and for that he’s grateful.
Dean's room was a mess, to say the least, but Castiel couldn't bring himself to care as Dean pulled him into bed. The mattress wasn't perfect, though it was admittedly much better than the lumpy couch, and Castiel's muscles relaxed in relief. The sheets were cold, but to Castiel's surprise, Dean pulled their bodies together so that one of his arms was tucked under Castiel's head and the other was draped over his side. Dean's chest was pressed to Castiel's back, and Castiel shuddered as Dean nuzzled into his hair.
“You’re leaving out the part where he’s a dude.” Dean said this in his usual tone of voice, but something in his eyes had softened into something Sam couldn’t quite name. It reminded him of when they were kids, and Dean would lie to him about their dad being back in time for dinner. It wasn’t guilt, exactly, but it held the same kind of worry, the same kind of fear of being a disappointment.
The normally four hour drive back to the bunker took a little over three hours, thanks to Sam’s reckless speeding. As soon as the car was in park, Cas got out and carefully lifted Dean from the back seat. He could feel his grace straining to assist, but so much had drained away just from pushing Michael down that he found himself lifting Dean primarily through his own physical effort. Jack spoke up for the first time in two hours. “Garth,” he said blankly. They had forgotten.
“Based on the fact that nothing seemed out of the ordinary at her apartment, I don’t think we were on high alert yesterday. Perhaps we should have been.”
“Jesus, not you too. I’ve already gotten this talk from my brother. I don’t need one from my friend.”
Humor? Castiel was just full of surprises today. And that crooked smile was killer, and he just wanted to –
“She didn’t say it when you asked her, but she thinks the fight Nick had with his friends was because one of them may have found out about her and told the others. And they probably didn’t approve of the relationship for that reason.”
“Well, I don’t know how you’d figure that. He went for a hike and never came back. When they found him, he had already been dead for a while. They say he slipped and fell, broke his leg, and couldn’t get to any food or water. But I’m sure you know that. It’s all in the report.”
He and Sam (the only ones who could look each other in the eye thus far) were at the kitchenette table, skimming through old books that likely did not hold any valuable information. They copied down passages, primarily to pacify Dean, and perhaps also to give themselves some semblance of hope, as if pages of notes from texts which vaguely referred to “dark forces” provided them with any means of defeating the Darkness.
Claire gets up and goes to the door, sticking her head out slightly. The talking and laughing is definitely coming from Dean’s room. Dean’s totally cracking up, so something must really be hilarious. She wanders down the hall and thinks about knocking on the door, but then she hears Dean saying, “stop!” in between his laughter, and Cas laughing as well.
"Thanks, Dean." He paused, thinking of all the times angels had referred to humans as insignificant, prosaic organisms, and how wrong they were. "Being human is hard," he said after a few moments. "I'm sorry you're not given enough credit for it."
When Castiel opened his eyes, he was floating on his back. The sky was cloudless, clear, and blue. The sun overhead told him it must be about midday. Cas righted himself in the water, kicking his feet, and made a full turn to get his bearings. He was in a lake, the shores on all sides lined with evergreens. He swam for the closest bank, and pulled himself up onto the rocky shore. Once he rose from the water, he found that his clothes had dried instantly. He checked the inside of his trenchcoat. He still had his angel blade, but clearly the rules of reality were different here. Even if he came across Michael in a physical form, his blade might not be effective. He looked around, then trudged into the woods.
Sam continued to have an internal battle over the direction in which this conversation was heading. He really did want Dean to be honest with him, and he really did want to have this discussion at some point. There was just too much on their plate right now to be dealing with a huge, potentially stressful talk. Dean was clearly not at his best, and any tiny miscommunication could drive a wedge between them. But seeing as there was already a severed line between Dean and Cas, Sam thought he would take his chances at helping repair it.
Sam had a feeling he knew where this was going, but it had to be Dean’s decision. So he played dumb. “Yeah, so?”
“Please, don’t. He’ll be back as soon as he’s done with this case. There’s nothing he can do for me anyway.”
“Come here,” Dean repeated, holding out his right arm in invitation. Cas obeyed, though the questioning look remained in his eyes. He scooted over to Dean, who put his arm around him, grabbing his right shoulder and pulling him closer, tucking the angel’s head under his chin.
I cannot pinpoint the exact moment when I fell in love with Dean, and I’m not sure that such a moment exists on its own. I just know that over time — a particularly minuscule amount of it considering the span of my existence — my reality was rewritten, and Dean became the center of my universe.
Cas opened the door just a crack, and saw Dean lying back on the bed, still fully clothed, remote in hand.
angel– and his resolve crumbled. “You stupid bastard,” Dean mumbled almost inaudibly, and stood up. He could see in Cas’ face that he was afraid he was going to storm off, and the hand on his shoulder started to slide away. He reached up to stop it, covering Cas’ hand with his own. He looked down at their hands, studying the subtle difference in their skin tones and feeling the contrast between the smoothness of Cas’ hands and his own callous-riddled palms. He closed his fingers around Cas’ hand and pulled it down to their sides, threading their fingers together. Cas’ eyes widened, his pupils dilated. Dean licked his lips.
Dean pulled his hands away from his face after a very long, uncomfortable silence. His heart pounded against his ribcage, and he could feel his pulse in his temple and fingertips. The position of his chair, parallel to the table and facing the place where Castiel was still standing, made it difficult to hide his discomfort. As he folded his arms across his chest, he felt that his shirt was damp from sweat.
Cas responded by nuzzling his head against Dean’s neck, and Dean felt a warm glow settle in his chest. Castiel had always been so reserved and awkward that it was especially endearing to see him react in such a primal way, pure emotion as a response to Dean making himself vulnerable.
“And Sam’s in the library being a nerd, I think, so if you want him to make you a sandwich or something, text him.”
“I don’t think it has to be Dean who forgives you. Although, it would be a great way to mend your relationship. And for Dean to develop some communication skills.”
He waited for his vision to adjust and looked at his watch, which had left angry marks on his wrist from digging into his skin as he slept. It was ten-thirty already. That was one of the many irritating things about the bunker; it was impossible to tell what time it was because there were no windows. He could hear the sound of clattering dishes from the kitchen. Sam had gotten into the habit of making breakfast when he felt up to it, and clearly he felt okay this morning, as he was whistling, too.
Dean shook his head. “I just… couldn’t. And I know you’re probably thinking that it’s just because you’re useful to me, or whatever. But that’s not it. Even if you weren’t useful, I could never… ” he trailed off.
Cas appears in the kitchen doorway, wearing one of Dean’s old shirts that he’d given him to sleep in, and a pair of sweatpants. His hair is all messed up, and he squints in the light. “G’morning,” he mumbles.
Besides, the pure energy that radiated between them was impossible to ignore. Sam used to think that was just a romanticized movie thing, but that was before he found himself in a room with it. After all he had seen in years of hunting, it was maddening that there was something he truly couldn’t explain. Sometimes when Dean and Cas spoke, Sam could see their bodies drifting towards each other until one of them broke eye contact. It was like a storm that could never quite get started.
“About you moving in here? Yeah, why not? I didn’t think you’d want to, but if it’s something you’d want to do, we can talk about it.”
“You know, Dean, the way I’ve been feeling, I’m not sure I’m gonna make it out alive. So there’s not much more I can do if I’m dead. And I don’t want you wasting the rest of your life trying to clean up a world that’s always gonna be a mess. You’ve been beating your head against that wall your whole life. You’ve done your time.”
Cas seemed to consider this for a moment. “I suppose supernatural beings would not be outside the reaches of evolution. The ones that can escape hunters are more likely to survive. But ghosts do not reproduce, Dean. Your theory only applies to creatures that pass on their genetic material to their offspring.”
“Oh, please. I don’t have to meet him to know how infatuated Dean is. And from what you two have told me, Cas feels the same way. So it’s about time they started making little angel babies.”
“I still don’t think she’s dangerous. Especially not out here, in broad daylight. Let’s just go talk to her. Maybe she knows something.”
There was an even more disturbing possibility, one that Castiel had kept locked away with his deepest fears. His decay might not stop at losing his grace, it might continue until he became truly insane again. He imagined his vessel wandering around the country on autopilot, containing only shreds of his own consciousness. He could harm people. His rebellious, reckless nature as an angel was only a glimpse of what he would become as an insane human, and what it would do to Dean to see him disappear again was unthinkable.
“So, how’d it go with Cas?” Sam’s expression was a classic attempt at being casual. Dean shot him a look just so he would know he wasn’t buying it.
“Dean,” Cas said, and it was a statement all in itself. It did not ask for his attention, it demanded it. Dean looked up nervously, and the blood surged through his body, maybe because he was uncomfortable, or maybe for reasons he was much too afraid to consider. “You are a good man. I trust no one’s judgment more than yours.” Dean scoffed at this, but Cas ignored him. “I look to you for insight into human reasoning, because it is often arbitrary. For instance, I know that I am obligated to say ‘no offense’ after making such a statement about your species, even though I am certain that you are aware of its validity. This does not make sense to me, but as I am spending time in your company it would seem impolite to disregard it.”
“Well, yeah. But obviously, I didn’t kill them. I mean, I was out with my girlfriends the night Rob got killed. I don’t exactly have an alibi for the other two, but just because you don’t get along with someone doesn’t mean you want them dead.”
“Or if we just accepted that Cas was in the Empty forever,” Sam said. “Or we just let Jack leave without knowing where he was headed.”
15x08 “Our Father Who Aren’t in Heaven”- Okay this episode is a trashfire. Start with Chuck being an asshole, kind of gloating while working on his book. He’s reading outloud, and then going back on different ways to kill Sam and Dean, lmao. Chuck feels a sudden pain bc gunshot wound. Cut to Adam and Michael- Lilith tries to get him on Chuck’s side, but Michael walks away in a very sassy “turn the other cheek moment”. Cas summons Michael (+Adam) to ask them how to beat Chuck. Michael says nope, I’m gonna be neutral. Cas shows him what Chuck has done. Michael has to think through it and has a lil debate with himself while Sam leaves with Eileen to go find Rowena. Michael opens a portal to Purgaytory and gives them the idea to go after the magic fruit mcmuffin thing. Michael is like: Hey did u feel the presence of another deity? Bc I’ve been following it for weeks lmao. And Dean and Cas are like: U ok homie? Sam and Eileen return to find that Dean and Cas are gone, which is when Sam discovers a text from a fellow hunter that they’re in danger. Sam and Eileen race off only to discover IT’S CHUCK! D:
“That sounds agreeable.  How would you like to explain the cubs absence?”  Castiel reached out to run his fingers through Dean's hair, curling around his ear.  “Has he been hiding in the apartment since the weekend, or maybe he ran off to explore?”
“Ha.  No.  Is there anything I should know?”  Dean hoped he could get Gabriel alone at some point to find out what Cas liked to do for his birthday.  Getting in touch with Michael crossed his mind as well.
Gabriel shrugged and they shared a smile, easing some of the tension that had lingered between them.
With the man’s face between his hands, Castiel prayed.  He prayed for the man’s health and speedy recovery.  He prayed for the wisdom to know when to call for an ambulance.  When he had run out of words of desperation, Castiel opened his eyes and frowned.
Dean saw a blush rising from Castiel's neck to the tips of his ears.  He couldn't be sure what it meant or what Castiel had stopped himself from saying, but it filled him with a warmth that he had almost forgotten.  Dean recalled the promises spoken as Castiel had covered him with his hands and mouth.  Dean wanted to reciprocate, let Castiel know that this relationship was more than one-sided.  But he didn't know if words would be enough.
“He lived here for a few months last summer, when Gabriel bought the candy store.  This city isn't for him.  He needs to be the hero.  I think he left before his unit even requested him back in the field.”  Castiel kissed the frown from Dean's mouth.  He didn't want his pity.  Cas had never blamed his brothers for their wanderlust, but it wasn't something he could relate to.  “You think you are ready to meet Gabriel?”
“When was the last time you had a bath, huh?”  Unable to lift Dean from the floor, Castiel coaxed him to the bathroom with generous cuddles after every few feet of progress.
“Where are we going?”  Castiel tried to keep his voice even, calm.  He glanced at his companion to see that familiar flush to the edges of his ear.
“I’m good,” Dean said and his voice came gentler than he intended.  He pulled Cas’s hand down from his face and brought it to the table.  It was a tender moment between them, rewarded by a smile that seemed to start in Cas’s eyes and not quite reach his lips.  When Dean didn’t let go of his hand or gaze right away, he knew he could count on Sam to make it awkward.
Castiel couldn’t make it to the stranger in time to break his fall, but he was first to pull him up after he passed out.  With a few others sober enough to help, Castiel dragged the guy to a booth near the back.  A door was propped open for those that yearned to fill their lungs with menthol and tar.  The booth reeked of tobacco, but there was a breeze blowing that cooled off the area.  Though Castiel had been hoping to expose the man to some fresh air, this would have to do for now.
“Thought you guys were living together.”  Sam tries to sound casual as he passes a broom through the kitchen.
Dean nodded before he realized that Castiel probably couldn’t see over his bound legs. “Yes, Sir.” Dean knew what a prostate was, had found it on himself a few times. He figured he could work a finger or two into Cas and even if he didn’t find the perfect spot, Cas would probably come into his mouth before he could complain.
“Alright, alright.”  Dean's laughter faded,  “In regard to the contract, I don't think we should enter any sex play during our D/s time until we are ready for that kind of commitment in our dating relationship.  Like you said, the D/s relationship does not have to be about sex.”  Dean watched Castiel's face for a reaction and was pleased to see the man's lips curl into a soft smile.
“No, no.  That was him.”  Ellen refilled his water while reassuring him that Dean had been honest in their interaction.  “I was surprised that he told you his real name.  Around here he usually goes by Chess.”
Cas's reform lesson continued until it was just this side of humiliating.  He didn't speak to Dean at all, held out condescendingly small bits of eggplant, and only moved the fingers from under his chin long enough for Dean to take another bite.
“Curl your fingers, Dean. Deeper, boy. More. Right th- Aah!” Castiel ground his hips down toward Dean until he buried the fingers as far as they could go. “Come on, Dean. Right there.”
Working a lather over his growing erection, Dean closed his eyes and sank into fantasy.  He imagined the hands moving over his body were not his own; they belonged to Castiel.  His breath came in quick huffs through his nose as he thrust into his palm, thumb swirling around the head of his cock.  Dean dragged a hand across his stomach, over his chest, and up to his face.  Nails digging into his skin, the touch was rougher than Castiel's.  His breath hitched and excitement rose as he pressed his back against the tile wall, pretending Castiel's weight held him in place.  Dean's hand moved quicker now, bringing himself closer to completion.  He could imagine Castiel's grave expression watching him squirm.  Dean threw his head back as fingers fisted in his hair and pulled.  Dean's voice broke as he begged Castiel for permission to come.  “Please...”  The Castiel in his mind merely pulled his mouth into a knowing smile.  It was enough to push Dean over the edge and he moaned his release.  Dean's chest heaved as he fought to catch his breath and he could have sworn he heard Castiel's graveled whisper in his ear,
In the living room, Kali was laid out on the couch watching 'Whose Line is it Anyway?' and crying into a small vat of rice pudding.  “I'm sorry boys.  I'm fine really.  It's just my hormones.”
He got to thinking that maybe he hadn’t been as hospitable as he assumed. He had never attempted to engage the spirits in conversation before. Maybe they had no voice with which to respond.  Maybe he was going about this the wrong way.
Zachariah followed his gaze.  “So that’s the reason you’ve been so forgetful.”  He spoke softly and Dean leaned in, instinctively needing to hear every last word.  “Don’t forget me.  One day he will tire of you.  You’ll remember me then and I will be waiting.”
He allowed Dean to lead him through the crowd and stepped in front of the gate confidently.  “Hey, Sammy, how’s it goin’?”
Castiel's eyes lifted to Dean's with a spark of disbelief, then his head tipped in a slow nod.  He didn't call for Dean to follow him or express gratitude for the companionship.  He just turned and walked down the hallway without a word.
Castiel huffed and pulled his knees to his chest.  He looked so young, so small.  Dean ran his fingers through Cas's tousled hair a moment before he turned away.
Castiel's clipped apology pricked with familiarity under Dean's skin.  It was the flavor of sarcasm he had been used to all his life.  The forced apologies given by individuals who didn't seem to know the meaning of the word.  Maybe some of them hadn't even been capable of the emotion.
Ellen returned before Dean could answer, placing the basket of fries between them.  Castiel saw him eying the food, and thrilled when he didn't reach for a bite until Castiel gave him permission.  “Eat.  I won't finish these on my own.”
Castiel barely finished his two-syllable response before Dean was clawing at Castiel's hair.  He pulled Cas closer until their kiss was a mess of teeth and tongues. “Fuck, Ca-ahh.”  A roll of hips sent a surge like lightning from his dick to his toes.  “Shit.”  He could feel his cock growing hard again.
In truth, it made Cas nervous to give Dean the freedom to take initiative.  But if he denied him this, Castiel knew that their relationship would not last.  He soon understood that Dean wasn't asking for much.  His tanned fingers reached across the table and wiggled in invitation.  Warmth spread through Castiel's chest as he watched Dean's shy request for physical contact.
, not walk?”  Sam sounded incredulous, like this wasn’t the hundredth time he asked Dean about his foray into the world of exercise.  Dean wished he could see his brother’s smirk.  It had been too long since they had seen each other in person.  Their phone calls were nice, but no comparison to the real thing.
There wasn't much Dean could say to that.  If the past week was any indication, Dean knew that he had no grasp on what tomorrow would bring.  “We could still have downtime thought, right?”
Dean pushed himself from the table with a groan, took a few steps toward the kitchen, and then turned.  “Are you coming?”
“Started training like you guys. There are some great parks near school. Figured you city-folk might slow down through the woods.”
After finishing at the garage, Dean headed home to shower and pack some clothes and sneakers for the rest of the week.  He dropped off the rent to his landlord, ignoring her probing questions about his recent company.
“Perfect.”  Dean kissed the top of his head and scribbled a message for the morning.  “I’ll call you tomorrow.  Sleep tight.”
Cas had brought over some menus so that they could order-in, but the smell of garlic and oil told him that Dean had already covered dinner.  “What's all this?”  Castiel was tempted to open the oven to see, but Dean pulled him away playfully.
That evening, Gabriel was in an excited mood, talking speedily about the website he’d been working on and the pilot project for online ordering.  His plan was to have the bugs worked out before the end of October so they would be ready for the holiday season. Besides there normal fare, Gabriel was experimenting with seasonal and holiday candies, boxes, and baskets.  Once the website was ready, he wanted to hire some advertising.  It all sounded great, and Dean tried to share in his enthusiasm.  For Dean, this was a part-time job, but he understood that for Gabriel it was his livelihood.  His wife and daughter’s welfare depended on the success of the store.  The website, new products, advertising – it all sounded like a heavy investment for the little shop that was rarely full.
The prosecuting attorney found ample evidence of malpractice and the insurance company called for an audit of their charts.  Castiel thought back on all the overtime he spent rewriting the doctors’ messy script and filing forms that his medical staff hadn’t bothered to complete.  He did his job to the best of his ability, but that doesn’t mean something hadn’t been overlooked.  It doesn’t mean he won’t be found to blame.
Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed and he breathed into the tiny vibrations as Dean played.  His chest expanded on each inhale and the cord held firm.  With every exhale, the tension gradually faded until Castiel was breathing in again.
The smell of sauce, cheese, and garlic warmed the air as Dean opened the oven.  It made Cas's stomach grumble in anticipation as he made his way over to the breakfast counter.
“What can I do for you, Winchester?”  The lilt to Michael's voice made him sound very important and it didn't seem like the name struck a chord with the man.  Dean almost felt guilty for interrupting whatever was going on halfway around the world.
Dean groaned out loud whenever it seemed like Castiel was going to let up.  “More,” Dean cried out.  “Harder.”
“Ha. Do you like it?”  He smiled nervously at the buzzing crowd, but Castiel seemed used to the pre-race commotion.
Castiel waited for the panic, but it never came.  He hadn't meant to fall asleep with Dean, but nothing about waking next to him was ringing the anticipated alarms.  How could he get upset when Dean was wriggling himself closer, his shoulders and hips shimmying until his back was pressed fully against Castiel's chest?  Feeling content and reassured, Castiel held Dean against him and returned to sleep.
Castiel set forth to tease Dean with dessert, incorporating another item from his list of preferences into their recreation.  Castiel curled his thumb over the edge as he held the bowl on his lap.  Within the bowl, a scoop of vanilla ice cream melted over a thick slice of hot pie.
“And now?”  Dean followed up, wanting to learn more about the routine that supposedly tempered his depression for near a year.
“Sam!”  The pressure in Dean’s skull swelled with every shout.  Not even one soul looked in his direction.  Seriously?  Not one person named Sam in this place?
“Where have you been?  You're not answering your phone now?”  Sam sounded like he was pacing and on the verge of hyperventilating.  All the good the music had done for Dean's mood vanished in that instant.
When Castiel lowered him to lay on his stomach, Dean let out a soft groan in discomfort.  Confused, Castiel knelt beside him and noticed the problem.
Castiel carried both to the dining room and sat at the head of the table.  When he leaned over to place the bowl on the floor, Dean knew he wouldn't be fed by hand. Disappointment tightened around his ribs like a belt.  This wasn't ideal, but then again nothing ever was.
Dean chewed his lip with a frown.  He shook his head and tentatively reached for the document.  Catching himself before grabbing the paperwork, Dean looked up at Castiel patiently.  Castiel warmed at Dean's unsolicited act of submission.  “Please,” Castiel encouraged Dean to read through the paperwork.  “This is only a draft, an outline of what a contract could include.  When you are through, I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.”
Dean broke the seal and placed the box open on the dash.  “Yeah, I stopped there on the way to grab dinner.  You've been there before?”
For the rest of the lunch hour, Dean asked about Castiel's family.  He wanted answers for all the questions he was burning to ask over the weekend.  Castiel shared that his brothers liked to come together for birthdays and holidays, but with each of them putting down roots in different parts of the world, it had been hard to celebrate much over the past few years.  Dean found out that Castiel was closest to his brothers Gabriel and Michael.  Michael and Luc were the oldest by several years, then had come Rafael, and later Gabriel and Cas.  Castiel explained that Michael took it upon himself to raise Gabe and him after their parents departed.  So Dean figured that it made sense for the three of them to be close.  Cas didn't talk much about the time immediately after his parents passed and Dean knew better than to pry into such a sensitive subject.
“C’mon you know you can tell me anything.”  Her voice dropped to a conspiratorial whisper, “I mean, you took me out to eat at a sex club for chrissake.  You practically owe me.”
Thankful for the soft amusement in Cas's voice, Dean followed on all fours.  It felt a little like praise and Dean soaked it up greedily.
Dean's eyes were hooded; rough hands held him down and set fire to his blood.  “Yes, sir?”  He dragged his tongue across Castiel's mouth again.
Castiel needed a moment to soak that in, “You know?”  Michael had never been particularly interested in Castiel's romantic life; to hear him speak so casually about it now was encouraging.
While Dean and Gabriel huddled at the sandwich counter, Kali spoke with Castiel about the baby.  She was exhausted.  Although she carried the pregnancy well, the baby was already poised for birth which made for a very uncomfortable third term.  She encouraged Castiel to touch her belly and feel the baby as it squirmed about.
Castiel's home was pristine.  Everything was clean lines and straight edges.  Despite the plush carpets and overstuffed couches, it did not have that 'lived in' feel that made Dean's apartment so welcoming.  Instead, each room seemed untouched and off limits.
He could feel Dean’s energy pulsing at a new rate. Frustration and perhaps anxiety at not being able to find what he sought.  The switch in his mood worried Castiel.  He knew that many spirits, when trapped on this plane for too long, went dark.
Castiel continued to stare at the ceiling wondering what he would see should his gaze move toward the window.  Perhaps he would see a child and his heart would break for the loss of such a young life.  Or maybe it would be a wrinkled crone of a woman, mourning her lover’s death and forgetting her own.  His heart pounded in his throat with anticipation and he closed his eyes to reduce the temptation to look before he was ready to accept what was before him.
Dean kissed him again and then helped him to his feet.  “Cas, come on.  I think you’re falling asleep on me.”
Gabriel pulled back and wiped his face on his sleeve. “Come in, come in.” He gestured to the door of the delivery room and led them inside. “Kali wants to show off her miracle.”
Feeling Castiel move and grunt in discomfort, Dean rolled to the other side of the mattress in a stretch.  It had been a long time since he had woken up in the arms of anyone, but he couldn't remember the last time he had actually dreaded seeing them leave for work.  Rubbing his face and eyes, Dean yawned.  “Can you believe the evidence they found?  That was crazy stuff!  Mermaids.  I knew there was more to the old sailor stories than manatees and dolphins.”
“It's a secret, Dean.  I cannot betray my loyalty to the fat kids of the club just to satisfy your curiosity.”
“You feel tense again.  Has your migraine returned?”  Castiel’s brow furrowed and he stood behind Dean’s chair to work both hands into his neck and shoulders in earnest.
He flagged down a passing waitress and was relieved to receive a tall glass of melting ice.  The girl mumbled something about “light weights” and left after snapping, “Your friend better not die here tonight.”
“Thank you, Dean,” she said with a sniff.  Her mouth twisted into an ugly smile as she started to cry harder.  “You're so sweet.  Castiel is so lucky to have you.”
Castiel gave him a look that said 'watch it' and moved to help Dean sort through which items were staying and which were going home with them.  In the end, the three men had to bring almost all of the grocery boxes inside the house so they could split up the mutlipacks among their households.
Castiel shushed him and brought a blanket over his shoulders.  “I've got you.  You've got my attention.”
“Why did you go?  If you knew there would be those triggers?”  His hand was moving again, absently scratching behind Dean’s ear.  He didn’t notice until Dean spoke up about it.
Castiel turned to his laptop in urgency, sending out an all points bulletin for any information his network had on spirits, ghost, and – it shamed him to type it – poltergeists.  For weeks there was nothing new, not even a wild goose to chase.
He explained that he truly wanted to recreate the pie scene because he wanted to hear the words Cas said without the poison of Michael's conversation.  Dean wanted to add that he'd like to be the one to cover Castiel in kisses, as well, but it sounded so goofy that he just said he'd like to 'reciprocate one day' and let Cas interpret it as he wanted.
Dean wasn't used to being on the receiving end of an older brother inquisition, but he stood his ground well.  Gabriel mostly asked about Dean's work.  He teased Dean about his grease-stained fingernails but his comments weren't as abrasive as Dean had heard before and Dean could certainly admire a guy who looked out for family.
Dean shrugged.  He didn't think he could eat a bite until his nerves died down.  He wanted desperately to understand Castiel's mixed signals and hoped that their talk would answer his questions.
Dean didn’t really remember that part, but he did have a gap between looking for Sam and puking outside.  At least his story made sense.  Cas brushed past him, dragging his hand over Dean’s shoulder and it nearly stopped his heart.  Sam said nothing as Cas’s hand lingered behind his head, squeezing at the muscles of neck.
Dean squeezed another half lemon into the small saucepan for tea and stirred in a large spoon of honey.  “He did not tell you that.”
Dean agreed with it wholly, accepting the warmth of Castiel's lips over and over.  He sighed into them and kissed him harder.
The cramped space quickly filled with commotion as the stage door opened and the performers pushed past them.  Shaky hands pulled at the gimp suit as the submissive stumbled through the hall.  Tripping himself up on the fabric, the man careened into Castiel.  A pair of hands shot out with offers of help and stability.  The man held onto Castiel's forearms to steady himself.  His green eyes caught the other's gaze before dropping quickly to stare at the floor.  He mumbled an apology before continuing his walk to the dressing room.
“Cas! What did you…”  Dean moved quickly to free his hand and tossed the rope aside.  As he massaged the life and blood back into Cas’s hand, he couldn’t decide if he was angry or just scared.  His hands kneaded Castiel’s muscles from his shoulder to his fingertips.  Cas cringed as blood returned to his fingers; his skin prickled and ached.
Castiel didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t want to go alone; neither did it feel right to beg Dean to come with him.  Dean had already given up so much of his time to the Novaks already, that a relaxing night with Sam was the least Castiel could offer.  Plus, Castiel didn’t want to miss the opportunity to get to know Dean’s brother.
He felt weak on his feet and even though part of him was sending up warnings of some unnamed danger, Dean couldn’t help but lean heavily against his companion.
Dean leaned into the touch before it left.  As a submissive he knew he wasn't supposed to initiate affection, so he savored whatever touches he received.  He struggled to keep from looking up at Castiel.  He missed looking into those beautiful blue eyes, wished he could watch Castiel's reactions throughout their play.
“Uh. I don’t think the stores are open this late, man.” Dean tried to calculate what was needed, where he could buy it, and how much time it would all take. If Kali wasn’t released from the hospital until the afternoon, then they would have a few hours to purchase, at the very least, a car seat, basinet, diapers, wipes, and a few changes of clothes.
He felt Dean's cold hand graze his arm as they walked.  Being with Dean was different than what Cas had had before.  Dean didn't blindly follow Castiel's demands and he didn't cover up his feelings.  As far as Cas could see, Dean wore his heart on his sleeve.  Dean openly admitted that he didn't like how he was being treated, giving Castiel an opportunity to make it better for both of them.
“Eh, it’s not that bad.”  Dean knows Sam is asking about more than the business aspect, but he needs to keep the conversation light.  He doesn’t get into his personal bullshit with Gabriel.  “Gabe pretty much handles most of it.  By the time I get here it’s just preparing for the next day and cleaning up.”  Dean let himself into the store and waved at Gabriel.  “I’m here now, actually. Talk to you later?”
Dean’s fingers twisted in Castiel’s hair as he struggled to keep balance.  He didn’t realize how much concentration it took to stand still, but with Castiel’s enthusiasm it was a wonder Dean didn’t fall over.
At the office, Castiel worked meticulously, eying the doctors as they tended to their patients.  The nurses seemed to care more for the children than the MDs, but the medical staff was competent in their work.  In fact, his sister-in-law was a patient of the new OB on staff.  Castiel was altogether proud to be a part of the growing practice, his enjoyment tainted only a little by the regret that he did not pursue his own dream to be a doctor.
The whole week Castiel worried about his supposedly serial newsletter.  "Every Friday" he remembers telling Dean cheerfully.  Shit.  He had only two days left to make up something interesting and worth while.  He snapped photos of his bees and their hives.  He wrote little blurbs and facts for his draft.  Dean had bought the lavender honey, but it would be too obvious for him to highlight that first so Castiel settled for an insiders look into how his blueberry jam was made.
At the sight of the bathtub Dean let out a wary hiss.  “Come now.  A beautiful cub needs no fear of water.”  Castiel offered a warm embrace and helped Dean over the side.  Dean craved Castiel's touch and his skin cooled immediately when Castiel let him go and removed the trench coat.  He watched as Castiel took the shower head in his hands, pointing it down and away from Dean as he turned on the faucet.   The water surged into the tub louder than he anticipated.  Dean was shocked by the thunderous sound and wanted to cover his sensitive ears.  He shrunk into the far corner of the bath, shaking.  Castiel quickly pulled the knob to switch the source to the shower head.  The sound of the spray against the tile was much less intimidating, but Dean's body continued to tremble.
“Feathers or leather?” Dean asked, craning his neck like he was trying to see something hidden behind Cas's back.
Castiel felt his sub's arms slip through his fingers.  He leaned forward in an effort to prolong the touch even as the man pulled away.  The gesture was met with a rough tug on Castiel's shoulder, a firm reminder to keep his hands to himself.  Shrugging off the guard's grip, Castiel watched as his sub continued to retreat, disappearing behind a corner.
Castiel was still dressed in last night's clothes, which Dean sort of felt guilty about.  In his drawers he sought out a pair of jeans and a shirt to offer Castiel.  He figured they were about the same size.  Returning to the bathroom, he could hear the shower running.  Respecting his guest's privacy, he knocked a few times and left the clothes on the floor.
Castiel pivoted and stopped to help him up, but the zombie tackled them both with a dive at their legs.
“What happened?” Gabriel asked sincerely.  He had already filled the remainder of the pie tins and started the lattice work for the top crusts.
, Dean thought fondly as his fingertips grazed the collar of Cas's shirt.  He looked up at Castiel curiously and felt the skin of Castiel's throat.  It was warm and smooth.  His hand cupped Castiel's jaw in quiet mourning of his human face.  His fingers traced a perfect line of stubble as he stared.
There was a cushion on the tile floor beside Castiel's feet and long pieces of fabric in his fist.  His expression was stern as he pointed to the pillow and told him to kneel.
Coming up to the storefront, Castiel caught sight of Dean.  He watched the sidewalk from a small table near the entry.  He appeared nervous, excited, drumming his fingers on the windowsill.  Dean smiled as he saw Castiel approach.  He stood up to extend a greeting, but was unsure whether shaking hands would be appropriate.  He tucked his hands in his pockets and nodded instead.
Dean was caught off guard by the question, but it seemed a fairly safe subject.  No mistaking this for flirting.  He answered honestly, “Not so much.  Well, a few days per month?  Maybe people think that’s a lot.  Most don’t get this bad.  I take medicine when I feel it coming on and it helps.  I didn’t have any on me when we went to the concert.  The heat, the noise, the lights… triggered a bad one.”
“I'm not sure what you're getting at, man.” Dean grabbed a few boxes of spiral macaroni and dumped them into the boiling water.  He measured out rice for the other pot and turned the burner to low.  When those were set, he went to work seasoning the vegetables.
He had moved in anyway.  From what he could tell, the spirit meant no harm.  And the company wasn’t unwanted.  Not wanting to treat his home like another case, Castiel tried not to draw attention to the fact that he knew he was being watched.  He thought it best to pretend he didn’t feel the cold spots in the room or see the way the cushion next to him sank as he watched Dr Sexy reruns in the den.  Ignored the way large tomes would fall open to the pages he needed.
“Well, besides the, uh, pain in my ass...”  Dean smiled to let Castiel know he held no resentment.  “This weekend's been pretty great.  I didn't realize it could be like this.”
Castiel spoke confidently as he schooled Dean on the place and purpose of virgins in his version of dragon lore.  “Virgins were offered up as sacrifices by the locals so the dragon wouldn't raze their village to the ground.  If fresh virgins weren't given up freely, the dragon had every right to steal the princess.”
Dean watched Three Stooges.  His eyes remained glued to the television while Castiel surfed the internet on his tablet.  Sporadic bursts of Dean's forced laughter highlighted the lingering tension of the room.
At the house, Castiel let them into the second floor with a quiet pride.  Being able to help and support another person warmed him to his core.  That he could be so generous to Dean’s own family only made him happier.  But as he flipped on the light and showed them the rooms, he quickly flushed with embarrassment.
“Indeed.”  Castiel placed a hand on Dean's shoulder for support as he stood on tip-toe to grab a frame from the high shelf.  “This is Michael,” his mouth quirked up in a sad smile as he offered the photograph to Dean.
“Only in the good way,” Dean defended with a hard expression.  He salted the water in three of the pots and dropped a split lemon into the fourth.
He pulled up next to the gold Trans Am Cas pointed out and apologized for monopolizing his Saturday.
“I know, Cas.  Come on.”  Dean unlocked the door and made sure Cas got into the house without falling.  “You gonna be OK?  You can get to bed?”
Castiel did not know what to say without overstepping a boundary and offending Dean.  It was clear that Dean had no intention of spilling his guts to a stranger.  Even so, Castiel wanted to offer a solution, even a job.  Though the office was crazy with the addition of two new doctors, the budget didn't leave room for a new staff member.  Under different circumstances, he thought he would hire Dean as his own submissive.  He feared that job offer wouldn't go over well.  Beyond that, Castiel wanted to comfort his companion.  He wanted to tell Dean that it would all work out, that he'd be OK.  But Castiel had no guarantees and he refused to lie to this man.
“Ah.  That's because, strangely enough, when I'm not feeding you like a pet you eat like an animal.”
They caught up to the main group of runners in their heat, but still this zombie wouldn’t let up.  He seemed hell-bent on stealing their flags in particular.
Castiel steeled his expression, careful not to reveal the warring emotions he felt.  “You quit,” he reflected, encouraging Dean to continue.
Dean idled in the lot for a while, and then followed the path up to the building.  He hoped to intercept Cas as soon as he came out of the office, ready to make an excuse for him if anyone tried to keep him longer.
Dean seriously should not be considering moving in with Castiel, not even if it meant he would have his own apartment in the same building.  They'd dated less than a week.  But he couldn't shake the thought that they practically live together on the weekends anyway.  Wouldn't it be easier for the both of them if all of their stuff was in the same place?  Dean thinks he read about some kinds of D/s relationships where the submissive moved in with their Dom to surrender even more control to them.  He wondered if Castiel would want something like that eventually.  “There's a For Rent sign.”
“Dean?  Are you present?”  Castiel’s questions came more frequently the more Dean’s stack of dead ends grew taller.
Dean wasn't sure if Castiel would fight against his desire for control, but he went for it anyway, taking Cas’s hips in a firm grip and straining his neck against Castiel's hands.  He stilled Castiel's thrusts and reduced pace until the bob was frustratingly slow, then sped it up again.
Still trembling, Dean looked away.  His cock throbbed painfully as it strained up toward the elastic waistband.  He brought his hand to it satisfying it's crave for friction, a shadow of embarrassment behind his eyes.
Castiel looked up at him with eyes of the brightest blue.  Dean hadn’t ever seen him look so pleased with himself.  “What did they want?”
Dean got right to work. His mouth moved over Castiel’s cock until it was slick with spit and precome. Dean brought his hand to jerk him at the same time, but Castiel squawked.
With betrayal fresh on his mind, Dean stomped toward the closet, trying to remember why he told himself it was a bad idea to take his phone and a bottle of whiskey to the couch.  Drunk dialling was great, after all.  You were able to say what you really meant and defend yourself later with the excuse of being plastered.  Damn, Dean thought that sounded good right about now.  He had a few choice words to get off his chest.
For the first time in a long time, Castiel felt like he could trust someone else to take care of him.
Neither Gabriel nor Dean was expecting anyone to come into the shop after closing.  Stocking the glass case with fresh confections, they worked quickly.  They both had their minds on getting home, so they barely heard the bells jingle over the front door.
Dean flinched, sucking in a quick breath as the cool touch grazed his arm.  The hand continued it's route, travelling over Dean's shoulder until it settled behind his neck.
With a small shake of his head, Castiel informed him, “It is the state of dehydration in which you are that has enhanced your taste for water.  I assure you I had little part in that.”
How could he be so stupid?  What if the guy demanded his money back?  What if he came around and caused a scene?
“You had specific expectations for our interactions during dinner.  And instead of consulting you, I tried something different.”  Castiel carded his hand through Dean's hair.  “I should have checked in with you.  You could have… I hope you know that you can always tell me when you are not enjoying our time together.”
Dean reached out and turned the rings so the other side now warmed against Cas.  Dean had a few more knots to secure before he could work on Castiel.
Dean cleared his throat and coughed again.  “Fine, sir.”  He adjusted himself in his boxers, sinking down in the couch to relieve some of the strain as he waited for his erection to calm down.  The sound of crumpling foil sparked his curiosity again and he felt the need to hold onto the couch cushions to prevent himself from getting up to see what Castiel was cooking.
Cas broke their kiss for a moment as he slid out from under Dean and settled between his outstretched legs.   Castiel's hand returned to the back of Dean's neck and his lips picked up an assault on the man's throat.
He hadn’t felt Dean’s presence in days and he understood that his friend was more likely to examine the package if he was able to do it on his own.
Hearing Castiel use his safeword was like a knife to the chest and it worked better than any physical pain to snap Dean out of his own head.  With swift movements, Dean easily untied the slipknot at his wrists and pulled the blindfold down.  He saw the man in front of him not as an enemy or a challenge, but a broken ally.
But good-ole Sammy finally found something Dean could really wrap his head around: a 5-K, zombie-infested survival-themed fun run.  It even had a separate registration for people who wanted to be part of the already-infected horde that chase the living.
Leaving Dean in the living room, Castiel recalled their day.  Dean, he thought, was doing very well.  He seemed to be using his kitten persona to work out some deep-seated neglect, but that was fine.  Castiel had confidence that Dean would eventually open up about the roots of those feelings.  It was Castiel who felt like his control was slipping.
Though he didn't have much experience to go by, Dean thought the exercise would be easier to manage with drums and a catchy guitar riff.  It seemed to help him get through a boring day at work, anyway.  Next time he'd bring headphones.
Dean truly wanted to roll his eyes at that one, but he closed them instead.  “Yeah,” he admitted through clenched teeth, “but you're giving me a massage.”
Castiel grabbed a handful of granola and chewed faster than he ever had in his life.  With his stomach twisting in excited anticipation all afternoon, he hadn’t felt hungry.  But a few fists of toasted oats and honey weren’t nearly enough.
“How are you?”  Sam tried not to sound like he'd been losing sleep over his brother's vague responses and long silences.
“7 is good.”  Castiel insisted, his cheeks heating up once more.  “I’ll be ready.”  He tore a piece of paper from his notebook and scribbled down his home address and phone number.
Dean had assumed telling Sam about Castiel would help to ease his frustration, but it only got worse.  The shadowed part of himself reared it's ugly head.  Now Castiel had no excuse not to tell Michael about their relationship and Dean wanted to be present when it happened.  His reasoning was a childish tit for tat, but Dean was blinded by indignation.
were causing confusion for Dean.  They urged Castiel to reevaluate the contract he and Dean had written, make the necessary changes, and stick to it.
When they were rinsed free of suds and foam, Dean sneaked an arm around Castiel and shut the tap before the water ran cold.
Dean nodded against his chest and accepted the kisses that peppered the top of his head.  There was relief in saying those three words.  Castiel hadn't rejected him or called him weak.  And he wasn't disappointed that Castiel hadn't said it back.  Dean felt safe again and he wrapped his legs around one of Castiel's.
Castiel held him, at arms length, and just looked.  His air of calm masked his inner conflict.  Dean deserved to be kissed and held as often as he wanted.  It didn't seem right to punish him for taking those things, even without permission.  Castiel wondered if anyone had ever been able to satisfy Dean's need before and worried that he had been withholding affection too often.  But Dean knew what he was doing when he pulled Castiel into him at the doorway.  He stated out loud that he knew he would be punished.  Castiel understood that to deny Dean punishment would be tantamount to breaking the trust they'd built between them.
“Dean!”  Castiel's heart skipped and took on an unhealthy rhythm.  He couldn't believe he had allowed Dean to remain on his knees as Kitty for so long.  “I'm so-”
“Thank Cas.”  Dean corrected as he climbed out of the Impala and started unloading the groceries.  “I would've bought you beans and tuna.”
Pleased with himself, Dean folded his arms on the mattress and rested his head to watch Castiel as he ate.  He didn't have to leave for work for hours, but not a bone in his body protested.  Being awake at the moment meant he'd have more time with Castiel.  And that was better than any dream.
Dean knew what he was doing.  Contractually, their pet play wasn't supposed to be sexy.  But tonight, being on his hands and knees felt anything but chaste.  His skin prickled with anticipation as he mindfully post-poned the moment he would feel Castiel's hands on his body.  He imagined, that if their relationship wasn't moving at such a glacial pace, he could successfully seduce Castiel with a purr and a few well-placed licks.  Hell, he could probably get himself off like this; just crawling around had managed to take him to half-mast with little to no effort on Cas's part.  Dean dawdled next to the bed, rubbing himself against the armrest.
Mostly, the short breaks served another purpose.  Dean found what he was looking for a few towns out.  A drive-in theater advertised a showing of Back to School at 9:30PM, leaving more than enough time for travel and dinner if Dean grabbed take out on the way to get Cas.  He wondered if Cas liked Rodney Dangerfield and then if they would be watching much of the movie at all.  There was no way Castiel didn't know that Dean was ready to kiss him and making out in the Impala had been Dean's favorite past-time since puberty.
Dean considered the customers Benny mentioned and kept in mind the few that didn't leave marks.  When Dean asked for their contact information, Benny pulled back.  He had every right to refuse Dean without explanation, but as a friend, Benny asked what he was planning.  Dean talked about his idea, how he thought he could make enough money to cover his bills just doing private exhibitions once or twice a week.  Thinking Dean wanted to meet these clients in the club's rooms, Benny told Dean no.  Benny had also heard that Alistair wouldn't let Dean back without going through the audition again and reminded him that he couldn't schedule Dean at the club without Alistair's approval.
In downtime he did well, better than Castiel thought he would knowing Dean wasn't used to expressing himself so candidly.  Castiel remembered what Dean had told him thus far: he didn't think massages or being treated nicely counted as dominance, but he liked the massage, enjoyed the spanking, he wasn't ready for whips and paddles, liked having a choice, liked hand-feedings, liked when Castiel came over directly after work, and wanted more kisses.  Castiel gave what he could and had made it a point to be at the apartment to receive Dean as he arrived.  But despite Dean's input during downtime, Castiel hesitated to consider a firmer hand.
It was easy in the winter, to live in perpetual night, but with spring fast approaching Castiel found himself getting restless. He longed for the sweet scent of spring and the warm breeze.  But before he did anything, he decided to consult his roommate(s).  He wasn’t sure how many spirits shared his home, but it felt like a few.  No matter where he was in the house, there was always a cool presence beside him.
Gently, Dean maneuvered Castiel to the bed.  Pleased to see Castiel’s eyes remained shut, Dean kissed his partner’s wrists and eyelids.  “That’s it, Baby. Just breathe.  Let go for me.”
“Told you there was something special about your honey, didn’t know it was made by an-.”  Dean cut himself short and lifted his hand to Castiel’s face.  He wiped the foam from Castiel’s mouth with his thumb.  “Angel,” he finished with a smile.
Sex stuff:  cock-warming, dub-con, rope bondage/ shibari-ish, coming untouched, blow-job, anal fingering, milking prostate
Castiel didn't second guess the invitation or even check if it was close to his break.  Placing all concerns of his work day on hold, Cas gratefully accepted and suggested they head to the cafeteria.  Meg eagerly swooped over and took the charts from him before he made it out the door.   He barely registered her interruption as she stated she would leave the papers on his desk.  Dean opened the door for them and gave Meg a small wave of thanks.
Gabriel folded the stairs and pushed the hatch closed as he announced, “I’m making coffee. You want?”
The more Castiel stared into Dean’s eyes, the more he wanted Dean to get on with it, put his lips around his dick and relieve its lustful ache. His skin tingled and itched under the rope, making him squirm under Dean’s weight as the man straddled his hips. “I want to feel you, Dean.” He thrust upwards and felt Dean’s cock bounce against his stomach.
“Says they even do full special effects make up on the zombies.”  Dean could hear Sam's grin in his voice.  “Dude, you're gonna love this!”
Dean was seconds from sleep but lifted his hand in a thumbs-up and gave a weak grunt.  His head rested on a pillow, arm dangling off the couch and onto the floor.
It was answer enough for Bobby who swapped out the sludge for another sports drink and gave Castiel a look.  “Make sure he drinks that.  I’ll get his pill.”
On the way to the car, Dean regained and lost consciousness at least twice.  Both times whining apologies about something neither Cas nor Sam could make sense of, though they clearly heard Castiel’s shortened name pass his lips more than once.
“Dude!”  Dean slapped his brother and ducked his head.  Castiel caught the way the tips of his ears flushed.  It was just as adorable as the day they’d first met.  “We both think your honey is something special.”  Dean winced like he had said words that he hadn’t meant to say.
“Don't touch me,” Castiel croaked, pushing himself onto his feet.  His face was blotched red and he turned from the kitchen without so much as a backward glance.  “Eat something before bed,” his voice was worn as he shrugged on his coat and stepped out of the apartment.  He wasn't planning to be gone for long; he just needed some distance.
Feeling defeated, Castiel knew he wouldn’t be of much help until he was able to rest.  Lying in bed, barely awake, Castiel made promises to Dean that they would keep looking, find something.  He would widen their search; seek out hunters and scholars beyond their network.  Castiel spoke about his plans until the house grew quiet, until he felt Dean settle next to him on the mattress.
Dean could hear him panting and wanted to finish him off. He knew it wouldn’t take much, but he followed his Dom’s directions.
Dean closed his mouth around the apple and let it roll on his tongue as he lapped up the golden filling from Castiel's palm.  His tongue dipped between Castiel's fingers where the sweet gel had gathered.
Castiel’s eyes flew open and he looked down at his body. He brought his arms over his head and touched the ropes at his ribs. Dean was right. He could move. He wasn’t tied down, but he was tied. “Dean?”
Looking down at himself, Castiel grimaced.  He usually didn’t care much about fashion, but the shirt was beyond weird.  “Now what?”
In the nursery, Dean made a bee line for the crib box, as he figured that would take the most time to assemble. He was sitting among scattered pieces of wood and metal when Gabriel handed him a hot mug. “Thanks,” Dean took a sip. “Do you already know where you want everything?”
After hours spent on his knees, Dean noticed Castiel's hand go still.  They had returned to the living room some time ago where both were content to spend the time in comfortable silence.  Dean knelt at Castiel's feet, but his body faced the sofa so that he could look up at Castiel's face while his head rested on his lap.  Twice during this time together Castiel spoke.  Both times Castiel had praised his kitty and both times Dean had answered him with a kiss to the palm of his hand.
“Other stuff...”  Castiel took Dean’s other arm in his hands, so that both were now laid across his back.
Castiel's chin fell to his chest and he closed his eyes.  “Let's not do that, today,” he said quietly, placing his mug in the sink.
Dean knew the concern of an older brother and decided not to torture the guy. “Think so. We haven’t gotten any news yet.”
At first, Castiel wondered which of his open cases Dean was trying to help with.  He’d peek at the lore Dean was reading and try to make sense of it all without understanding the context.
Without the ever present buzz of Dean’s energy, Castiel felt alone.  He hadn’t felt loneliness that way in longer than he could remember and he found himself frightened for his friend. He feared Dean was losing his grip. Or worse, that Dean felt the need to hide his dark-ward turn.
Cas shared about Gabriel's many failed business ventures and joked about his tantric yoga phase while courting his wife.  Dean thought Gabriel sounded entertaining but wondered how such a clown could be brother to Castiel.  Perhaps after meeting the guy Dean would find that they complimented each other in ways Dean hadn't considered.  Cas clearly loved him so Dean kept his criticisms to himself.  He knew he'd punch the lights out of whatever knucklehead passed judgment on his own brother.
With Castiel still in the car, Dean grabbed some simple toiletries from the bathroom and a box of toys from the closet. The memory of Castiel tangled in the fisherman’s net was fresh in his mind and Dean made sure his collection of rope was coming with them to Cas’s.
“I've been so selfish,”  Castiel said as they stood in the door frame.  His fingers brushed over the short hairs at Dean's neck. He could feel Dean shaking his head in protest, but Castiel wouldn't let himself off the hook.  “You've been so good to me.  It's time I get back to caring for you.”
“He introduced himself and I may have told him that I never heard of him.”  Michael chuckled at his own cleverness.  “Cocky, sonofabitch, that one.”
Castiel watched in rapture as the sub held his back straight, most of his weight resting on his knees.  He seemed to carefully avoid resting his ass down against his heels.  Castiel wondered if the Domme had ordered him to hold that pose, or if he was trying to avoid irritating an already sensitive rump.  Good boy.  Sliding back into the plush leather, Castiel drew his palms over his thighs and allowed his eyes to absorb the scene.  Behind his thirsty gaze, Castiel imagined what he would do to reward his sub for following orders, holding such an uncomfortable posture just because he wanted to please him.  Castiel envisioned his hands caressing the reddened skin of his sub's abused ass.  Sweet whispers of praise for his sub's ears alone.  Pressing delicate kisses along any welts and bruises.  He yearned to claim his sub with tenderness.
Grateful for Dean's hesitation, Castiel gathered him in his arms.  With a sigh of relief, Cas tucked his face to Dean's neck and breathed him in.  “Thank you.”  Castiel caressed the back of Dean's neck and held them together another moment. “Lunch with you was... a welcome surprise.”
“Fuck,” Dean dragged his hands over his face and huffed into the rough fabric of the couch cushion.  He knew he must have been dreaming and his throat felt like sandpaper as he drew out the word again.
“Castiel? What about Castiel?”  He sounded like the wind had been knocked out of him, but it only lasted a few seconds; Dean assured him that there was nothing to worry about.
Dean watched as Castiel smothered his niece with cuddles and love.  So much love.   Gabriel would swear Dean got a little misty-eyed whenever Cassie looked down at Anji.
Dean thanked god for Cas's skills of deduction.  “I'll stay here until you're ready.”  Dean winced as he lifted himself onto the couch and lowered his head into Castiel's lap once more.
“Wait.”  Castiel's hand slid up Dean's side and turned him so they were facing each other.  He could sense Dean's eagerness in the way he couldn't hold still, bouncing on the balls of his feet until Castiel demanded he stop.
“Hello.”  He started, his voice squawked like a pubescent child.  How long had it been since anyone called? Since he’d spoken aloud?  Shaking his head to rid himself of pitying thoughts, Castiel cleared his throat and tried again.  "I do not wish to be an imposition, so I will only interrupt briefly.” He felt so silly.  But it already felt rude to have intruded on this home – on purpose, no less - and he really wanted to continue in harmony with the others.  "I would like to open up the windows a bit, let the sun in.  May I?”
Dean knew he should say something, do something.  But he was afraid.  Afraid of making a scene, afraid of drawing the attention of Cas’s coworkers as they left the office.
After a quick, much needed, shower and a change of clothes, Dean took Cas back to the venue.  During the hour-long ride, Dean and Castiel kept up a companionable silence.  It was nice not having to fill the space between them with idle banter and Dean found himself enjoying the ride instead of thinking of it as a chore.
Gabriel’s voice was higher-pitched than usual when he spoke again, “We’re having the baby.  Kali’s in labor.”
Dean saw Castiel's face fall, just for a second, and unloaded the last box onto the kitchen table.  He kept watch of Cas through the corner of his eye as Gabriel tossed the dirty spoon in the sink and grabbed a clean one from a drawer.
Castiel used three fingers as he tried to fish out a gooey, sloppy wedge of apple.  “This will be rather untidy,” Castiel mused with a hint of laughter.
In the kitchen, Dean set a pot of water to boil for tea, one for rice, another for pasta, and a fourth for potatoes.  He worked efficiently, quickly refrigerating the perishables and leaving the rest of the grocery unpacking for later.  He prepared enough starches for at least a week of lunches and dinners.
Being angry at Castiel was completely foreign to him.  At the surface, he knew Cas was only making his point about the table manners; it was a game and he went along with it.  But now that it was over, Dean should have been happy, relieved.  Instead, he was left with a queasy, tight feeling in his stomach.
Dean reached for him and smiled.  “Dude. I seriously don't mind.  I mean, we'll start with the basics and he can mix and match to his heart's content.  It really won't take long.” Dean stroked his arm, “I know you, man.  You and I have been taking care of our brothers for years.  This is nothing new.  What's wrong?”
The creak of the bathroom door startled Dean and he noticed he hadn't moved from his spot near the couch.  He was not where he promised to be.
Dean would return on a breeze that sounded much like a sigh.  He would brush his presence against Castiel’s arm or side, letting the man know that he was there as if in apology.
Dean took even breaths, trying to emulate the calm confidence that Castiel had demonstrated while practicing his Dominance.  With a simple suggestion, Dean was able to coax Castiel into the apartment and through to the bedroom.
“I can purchase our admission,” Castiel offered, wanting to compensate for letting his friend buy him dinner.
“Six.  September 18, 1986.”  Castiel cleared his throat and frowned at their table wishing he had something to drink.  Dean seemed to anticipate his need and reached into the bag again for the water bottles.
Next Dean draped a longer rope behind Castiel’s head and over his shoulders like an untied scarf. He knotted the rope in measured sections over Castiel’s sternum, abs, pelvis, and just above the base of his dick. He then separated the two ends of rope and threaded them around each of Castiel’s thighs. It took a delicate touch to work the rope beneath Cas’s body, but Dean took his time. The rope wove in a criss-cross pattern under Castiel’s back and laced through the line of knots on his torso. When the pattern was completed, Dean braided the extra length into the line of rope at Castiel’s neck. His hands lingered on the knotted end like he couldn’t believe it was over already. He couldn’t wait to take in the full view of his work.
Dean's arm held Castiel tighter.  He moved a little, rocking Castiel's body around as he reached for something on the end table.  Bringing his hand back, Dean offered up Castiel's phone.  “Gabe has been texting you.  I silenced it once I saw it wasn't serious.”
Dean cracked a smile, unsure if it was alright to joke with his not-right-now Dom.  “Is that OK?  Can we talk about, you know, the weekends like this?”
Dean woke to another wave of nausea and the sound of two familiar voices having a heated argument at low volume.
Dean acknowledged the ups and downs, and expressed gratitude for all the advice Garth had supplied.  After tightening a loose gasket, Dean placed down his tools.  “You know, everybody’s always asking about Cas…”
A low noise came from Castiel and Dean looked up to investigate.  Castiel was sitting straight with his eyes trained on the television, not giving any indication that the sound came from him.
Short chapter.  Not much happens, but I couldn't let the boys go to bed angry or upset with one another.
The look of dejection on Dean's face sparked a possessive burn in Castiel's chest.  Cas knew it was delusional to believe that Dean could never do anything to make him question his worth.  But in the moment, he only wanted to push the doubt from Dean's mind, bring him peace and security.  If this scene could help Dean see that he deserved second chances, then Castiel would happily play along.
The dining room table was covered in loose papers – thank god Castiel had the forethought to label and number them.  They had been at revisions for hours, but it didn’t seem that long.  Castiel squinted over every line and hummed happily as he toiled away.  Dean tapped his red pen against his chin as he outlined his hard limits.  Lifting his eyes from their work, Dean could see that Castiel was having fun.  His eyes had a spark in them as he compared their notes with the outline. The corner of his mouth twitched upward when he discovered a better way to phrase an article.
Holding his hands up in surrender, Gabriel apologized, “I realize that didn't come out right.  I'm honestly not trying to be a dick. I'm just wondering how much Castiel has told you?”
in geek culture,” he corrected enthusiastically.  “I didn't translate Slaughterhouse-Five into elvish for some punk-ass MA.”
He couldn’t remember if he had the materials needed for the next pattern he had planned.  He’d need to leave Castiel for a few minutes as he searched, but the way Castiel clutched the sheets beneath him had Dean worried.  He didn’t want to leave Castiel unattended for any stretch of time.
Dean froze, his bow creased in lines of concern.  Had he done something wrong? Had he hurt his partner in some way?
Dean blinked as Castiel sank to the floor beside him and a small smile curved his mouth.  It was as if Cas couldn't bear to let him go so quickly and Dean could relate.  Dean crawled into his lap, eager to close the distance again.  After the thick wall of darkness between them, shifting back into each other's physical space was a liberation.  Emotion passed between them freely – desperation, relief, regret, anticipation.  The need to be closer grew exponentially with every kiss and caress.
He could see the man's point, so Dean cut to the chase and asked in as direct terms as possible, if Michael would be able to schedule a visit for Cas's birthday.
Castiel.  Since their conversation at the bar, and maybe even before that, Dean had begun to feel real attraction to this man.
Still panting, Dean clutched at his chest and willed his heart to slow it’s thunderous beat.  “Kali’s having the baby.”  A wide smile stretched across Dean’s face until it reached his eyes.  “You’re gonna be an uncle, Cas.”
Gabriel's hands fumbled with the potato peeler, but it was something to do, a way to keep his mind occupied by anything other than thoughts of his brother losing his grip.  “He gets into funks sometimes.  I don't know if it's like, capital D depression or whatever, but...”
When he returned, the bowl and ingredients were laid out on the floor and Dean’s static hovered at the doorway.
Keeping his focus on the TV screen, Castiel swatted at Dean's hand and made a noise that would have been a giggle if not for the depth of his voice.  “That tickles.”
With another blush, Castiel brought their mouths together gently.  He reached up to cradle Dean's face and placed slow kisses to his nose and forehead.  “I'll take care of you,” he whispered into Dean's hair, holding him tightly around the middle.  “You just need to talk to me.”
“Nah.  But it's more likely he'd drag his ass back state-side if he did.”  Gabriel laughed harder than Dean thought was appropriate.
Before he could get the words out, Dean felt the weight of a hand on his head.  There was a shift on the couch and it sounded like someone had got up and left, but the lap and hand remained in place.
Finally, Castiel felt Dean step toward him.  His energy made contact with the flame and Castiel’s hand jumped before it was able to grab hold.  The flame drew life from Castiel, searing his hand to Dean like a brand.  For a moment, Dean’s form flickered.  Like an old reel of film, his image blinked in and out.  Dean looked younger than Castiel had thought.  Ruggedly handsome with his crooked smile.  Castiel stared on in wonder, willing the curse to take hold, eager for his image to stick.
Castiel dragged his hands over his eyes and turned the faucet on cold.  Filling the sink, he brought handfuls of water to his face.  After a few minutes he was feeling more like himself.  He dried his face before finishing up and heading out of the bathroom.
“Oh.”  Castiel hadn’t even gotten around to mentioning it to his friends yet.  He’d been so focused on… other things.
Dean knew it was the right thing to do, despite their recent history with Michael. Castiel contacted Rafael and Dean excused himself to the ‘bathroom’. Behind closed doors, Dean dialed Michael’s number.
Author's Note:  The first half of this chapter is pretty rough, but the boys have got fluff and smut on the horizon.
Cas gripped the edge of the mattress until his fingers ached.  Dean had him leaning forward and he felt like he would fall.  “Dean,” he cried out before his feet felt the carpet.
“I don't think so,” Castiel tried to pull at the blankets.  He barely had enough energy to complete the movement.  Dean stopped him easily by sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Yes, I am quite aware of my brothers,” he said seriously, any trace of panic wiped clean of his tone.  “What I don't understand is why a
Castiel squared off his shoulders in a defensive posture, a dare-you-to-do-something scowl already in place.  It didn’t matter that the man before him was some over-grown genetic experiment.  With his baby-face and glassy eyes, he couldn’t intimidate Castiel if he tried.  But it didn’t really look like that was what he was trying to do.
Castiel nodded, but it was never that easy.  He felt guilty for dragging Dean through this with him and he tried his best to deal on his own.  Castiel allowed Dean to fix his shirt and knot his neck tie.  When Dean tightened it against his collar, Castiel felt a little closer to human.
His Dom whispered promises of protection and words of ownership along his ribs – and it was enough for Dean to forget everything but that moment.  Soft puffs of air crossed his chest with each syllable.  Beautiful.  Mine.  Keep you.  Cas didn't use words like forever or always, but Dean imagined they were implied.  The weight of it was overwhelming and he could not longer be sure that he wasn't coming undone at the seams.
It was Castiel’s birthday and Dean had invited the whole family together.  Not that his rat-bastard brothers had bothered to come.  But Gabriel felt that Dean was planning something special.  Little black box special.  Down on one knee special.  It made him giddy to know Dean wanted the family to be a part of it.
Guilt flooded Dean's veins as he remembered the bible full of cash on his bookshelf, but there was no way in hell he would bring that up now.  He tucked his whole money situation into a neat little box, duct taped the shit out of it, and stowed it deep in the closet of his mind.
Dean hummed and corrected their schedule, “Deal.”  He held out the contract for Castiel to retype and sign.
Castiel smiled to himself, knowing that Dean would soon find the box of dumplings in the second bag.  The butterflies in his stomach seemed to multiply and migrate through his chest.  Castiel looked on in wonderment.  He hadn't enjoyed anyone's flirtations in quite some time.  Certainly Meg's attempts at work could not compare to the way Dean made him feel.  Just being in Dean's company accelerated his heart-rate and caused delicious warmth to course through his veins.
Castiel shook his head and tried again to insist that it was none of her business.  He wasn't about to gossip about how it had been less than 30 hours since he saw his new boyfriend and all he received was one lousy apology text.  Edging toward the door, Castiel sighed, “Excuse me.”
It didn’t used to be like this.  Seeing clients outside the club used to be easier.  Dean had grown accustomed to dealing with men and women who recognized him. But that was when the club was his profession.  When he was regularly onstage or hanging around the club, Dean had been prepared for this sort of thing.  He had at least expected to run into someone every now and then.  Now, with the stage life so far from memory, Dean had been found with his guard down.
“No.”  Castiel's command rang out deep and imposing.  He stood tall in the exit and nudged Dean back into the room with the side of his foot.  “You're in time out until I decide what to do with you.  Stay in here until you learn to behave.”
“Why didn't you safeword?”  Castiel's expression was severe, but Dean didn't understand why safewording would even come up.
“Shh...”  Castiel pet Dean's cheek, looking down at him as they rutted against each other.  Castiel felt Dean's hips bucking up, felt the rub of his length on his thigh.  Each of Dean's gasps drew out from Castiel a matching groan.  Summoning every ounce of his self-control, Cas did not give into the bump and grind.
He didn’t expect a response, not really.  The man who believed he had given his life for the security and salvation of the world, probably wouldn’t care for Castiel’s tears.
Taking the centermost line in his fist, Dean curled his fingers around the demarcated section.  He brought Castiel forward until they stood eye to eye.  “What is your safe-word, Cas?”
Cas pushed at Dean's hips and turned him; he lifted him to sit on the couch.  Castiel stood in front of him, his eyes moving over Dean’s body like it was the first time seeing him after an extended absence.  His hand slipped under his waistband to adjust himself as his cock swelled in excitement.  Dean’s mouth was plump and bruised, glistening with their shared spit.  Castiel’s hand lingered and his gaze strayed to Dean’s erection, tenting in his jeans.  “Take them off.”
Castiel clutched his bound wrist against his body and met Dean at the front door.  He stared at the narrow piece of silk and wondered how such a small thing could possibly help, but it did.  Like an extension of Dean, like an extra hand, it held him in place.
In the kitchen, Castiel placed the pie on the stove top to cool.  He tossed the ball of aluminum into the trash.  He had meant for Dean to smell the pie as it was baking, but he hadn't counted on Dean's nose being out of commission.  “Trying to guess what I baked?”  Castiel approached Dean from behind the couch.
“Bite it, Gabe!” Dean shouted back.  He lowered his voice to Castiel, his eyes welling with concern. “Why don't you go lie down with Kali and I'll get things started?”
Dean's cheeks burned with embarrassment.  He reminded himself that tonight he had given Cas free reign to do what he wanted and agreed to play along as far as he could.  Being fed like this wasn't terrible, but Dean wasn't nearly enjoying it as much as Cas.
Dean thought he could hear an honest to God snort come from above him.  “I do not understand how you could call last night fun.”
Their uncle’s hangover cure was a pasty, brown sludge that looked like it came out of an old engine and the man poured a generous amount into three glasses laid out in front of the boys.  Castiel had half a mind to refuse on principle.  He felt fine and certainly didn’t need help with a hangover, but with a nudge from Sam he thanked Bobby and brought the drink to his lips.  After a few big gulps, Sam’s glass was empty.  Cas found that if he held his nose the concoction went down easier.  Worry nagged at his stomach, however, when he saw that Dean was still slumped in the chair, his head resting in his arms.
Of course Castiel ate burgers, he was a red-blooded male with a primal craving for beef, but he usually made them himself.  He decided now wasn’t the best time to enter a debate about the fast-food industry.  “A burger would be fine.”
Sitting back, Castiel crossed his arms over his chest.  “You're surprisingly passionate about this, Dean.”
By the time Castiel was counting down from ten, Dean was shaking.  His muscles spasmed from being held in sustained tension and his knees buckled.
With a slight grunt of ungratified arousal, Dean tried to ignore his erectio and swallowed around the cool flesh of Castiel’s dick. He looped his fingers through the rope at Castiel’s hips to brace himself and to keep his hands off his own cock. Between his thighs, Dean’s member twitched and leaked with interest. It begged for friction, but Dean was going to deny himself that pleasure until Castiel was the one who provided it.
Castiel dropped his voice as well.  “You didn’t say anything.”  He thought that if she had known about the sex club she would have mentioned it earlier, or at least cracked a joke at his expense.
Castiel couldn't finish his sentence.  Speaking took too much time away from mouthing at Dean's neck.  And Castiel couldn’t afford to waste any more.
Cas yanked at Dean’s arm until they were back on the trail.  Dean couldn’t keep himself from looking over his shoulder and was genuinely alarmed to see the zombie was gaining speed.
He brought his face closer until their noses touched and the declaration he had previously held close suddenly burst forth as the only truth Dean knew.  “I need you.”
“I can eat with a spoon, if that's what you want.”  Dean wondered what point Castiel was trying to make.  Was this revenge for the facial?  Punishment for his perpetual lack of table manners?  Or could it really be all in fun?
“Guys, I could wipe this place down in an hour, less if I had an extra pair of hands.  I’ve been living in a dorm, not the Ritz Carlton.”
Peeking out from the kitchen Sam gave a hearty laugh and waved at his brother, “Good to have you back, Dean.”  He held up a slice of pizza like a tease.  “Got a few pieces with your name on it.”
The men adjusted themselves to stand as they turned the crib onto its legs. Dean moved carefully to the joints and tightened every screw. “You’re gonna be great. And if you screw up, Kali will let you know.”
Dean placed his hands on the cushions to pull himself up, but was met with a swat across his fingers.  The couch was off-limits to the trouble-maker, but that wouldn't keep him from trying.
The man before him breathed heavily, as if he had been running.  He coughed into his shoulder and cleared his throat.  “Do you know how hard it has been to find this?”  He was waving something in his hand, too spastically for Castiel to focus on what it could be.  “I called… everywhere!”
“Just a long weekend.  Flight back is on Tuesday.  My midterms are scheduled right up until Thanksgiving, so I won’t be around until winter break.  It’s cool if I stay with you?”
Dean whipped his head from side to side, scanning the audience for Castiel.  But when he laid eyes on the man in the trench coat, there was no comfort to be found.  Castiel approached the stage and his blue eyes held nothing but bored amusement.  The scene continued as Alistair and Michael endeavored to strip Dean of what little self-worth he clung to.  All the while, Castiel watched without comment.
Cas turns and smiles at him, and he even looks a little impatient. Dean decides that’s a look he wants to see on Cas’ face more often. And maybe he can be the one to put it there.
Sam stared at his brother, whose back was still turned. He looked hurt, but not surprised. “I’m going for a drive,” he announced. He got up from the table, took Dean’s keys from their spot on the nightstand, and left.
The downside to this plan was that Dean was also unconscious, probably buried in some dark corner of his own mind. Michael had dragged Dean down with him.
It’s taken him several months, but he thinks he’s found the perfect balance of neither blatantly staring at Cas while he changes, nor conspicuously averting his eyes. He’s seen (and touched) Cas’ body countless times, but changing in front of him still feels weird. In a way, it’s more intimate than sex, at least for Dean.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Cas had known all this time and had never said anything. “So what, you were just gonna let me remember everything else?”
“You showed me what it means to be human, Dean,” Castiel continued. “But sometimes I think you regret doing so.”
Dean readjusted his arms, folding them more tightly across his chest. The lump in his throat continued to grow, and his mouth felt like a forest of cotton balls. Cas was happy to know that they were still friends. Happy enough to smirk. Dean tried to smile, but it was more from nervousness than amusement. “Cas, you’re family. You’re supposed to piss me off.”
Cas looks both ways, half afraid that Dean will suddenly appear in a doorway or jump out from behind a piece of furniture. He reaches into the pocket of his trench coat (which he still wears out of habit, even if it looks silly layered over Dean’s old band T-shirts) and pulls out the tiny black box, sliding it across the table to Sam.
Dean looked pale, and if Sam hadn’t been legitimately worried that his brother might puke, he would have found it funny. Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah, thanks, dude, but guys don’t really give each other flowers, you know?”
“Alright,” Dean said, indicating for Sam to sit on the bed beside him. “You might as well be comfortable for your own lecture.”
But in a split second, before Dean can even process the movement, Cas flips them. Suddenly Dean is pinned on his back, Cas straddling his hips. Cas’ eyes flash with white-blue with grace, and Dean shudders. Cas has done the grace thing a few times before, and Dean can’t be sure if it’s some kind of involuntary sexual response, or if he does it specifically to turn him on — maybe one day he’ll get the nerve to ask. Either way, Dean lifts his hips, arches into him to show him just how well it’s working.
“Yeah. Uh, let me get my coat. And you should probably wear another jacket on top of that, too. It’s below thirty out there.”
“I'm still somewhat confused by human emotions. They're erratic. Your reaction to my…” He paused, searching for the right phrase. “…error in judgment… has been very different from Dean’s.”
Sam chuckled. “No, not me. It was Jess, actually. When she told me, I thought she was asking for a threesome, but I guess that’s not a common requirement.” Sam tried not to let the sharp pain in his chest come through on his face as he said her name. Sometimes he forgot about how fresh the grief still felt, how the wounds could still rip wide open in a second.
“There are other hunters out there, Dean. Locking up all the demons would save so many lives already– ”
The only thing that surprised me was that Dean loved me back. Of course, I sensed it through our bond — subtle changes in the exchange of energy between his soul and my grace — but I didn’t mention it to him for a long time. I was bracing myself for the possibility that I was simply imagining things. When I finally decided to confess my feelings, things shifted into place much more easily than I ever could have imagined. At the time, I wondered if Dean was humoring me as a symptom of guilt. But Dean, being a man of few words, told me things with his soul that couldn’t be anything but genuine. He was starved for love, but unsatisfied with loving those who did not know his entire self, both the good parts and the bad. He still didn’t think he deserved to be loved so completely. I disagreed, and even now I am trying to convince him. I will never give up on that.
“We both had things we didn’t tell each other,” Cas said. “And it wasn’t the first time.” There was guilt in his voice.
Castiel seemed to consider this for a moment. “So, if I wish to hold your hand in public when we’re not working on a case, I may?” A sly smile formed on his lips, and Dean’s heart stuttered.
It was striking how far Castiel had come from being just a stoic warrior to the way he was now. He could still be terrifying, ruthless, and stubborn when he wanted to be, but he could just as easily turn into this, a gentle protector, instinctively caring (not to mention a total sap, Dean thought to himself). It was this duality, this seemingly impossible contradiction that had caught Dean’s attention so long ago, longer than he’d ever admit, and now it was what had him convinced that he was hopelessly in love.
Benny muttered to himself and leaned against a tree, machete in hand. “We got a ways to go,” he said. “But I think we should stay here and rest a while.”
Dean sighed and walked over to his bed, where he collapsed onto his back and stared at the ceiling. “Man, I miss my memory foam mattress. Are you sure Rowena has the bunker all hexed up?”
Dean’s body stilled, then straightened up, suddenly inhabited by Michael’s posture. “You know, it’s too bad,” he said. His voice was Dean’s, and yet so much colder. “If only you’d had the time to go through a few more of those doors...”
“I miss him, too, Dean,” Cas said with a sympathetic look. “And I know I’m no substitute for your brother.”
Rowena snapped her fingers to extinguish the holy fire, which made a hissing sound as it dissipated. Sam went to Dean, removed the key to the angel cuffs from his pocket, and hesitantly unlocked them. Dean grimaced as they were removed; Cas could see the scorched ring of flesh around his wrists. Cas stepped forward and gave Dean a sympathetic touch on the shoulder before pulling out his angel blade to remove the cable ties. He started with Dean’s left wrist, and cut each tie carefully, the blade slicing through with no resistance. When Dean was completely free, Sam helped him stand up and walk to the door. One arm was slung over Sam’s shoulder to support his weight.
, he only knew sleeping with a 9 mm pistol under his pillow. He only knew flying under the radar and assuming that everyone is a liar.
Cas reaches into a potted plant on the porch and pulls out a tiny gray box with combination dials. He switches the dials around until the box opens and a silver key falls out. “Clever, isn’t it?” he says as he closes the box and places it back inside the pot. “Once my payment went through, the owner sent me a text message with the combination.” Cas is easily impressed by mundane, procedural things, and if Dean’s being honest, it’s an endearing quirk.
“Because it’s gay!” Dean shouted. The room was eerily silent once his voice stopped reverberating. He looked down, embarrassed by his outburst.
While they waited for their food, Dean looked up at one of the flat screens and pretended to watch the game, hoping that Cas wouldn’t say anything about Julie’s flirtation. Just when he was starting to relax, Cas spoke.
Sam muttered “Shit,” under his breath, and rushed to the trunk to unlock it. He reached into the trunk and checked for a pulse. From where Cas stood, he couldn’t see into the trunk, but Sam sighed in relief. “He’s okay,” he said to Jack, then repeated it as if to reassure himself. “He’s okay. I think there’s something in one of the store rooms I can give him to keep him asleep for now. We’ll figure out how to cure him later.”
“Anything that ain’t the crack of dawn is sleeping in for me,” Dean points out, and swings his legs over the side of the bed, stretching.
“Sure, man. I mean, I don’t really get why you’re so into it – it’s just gonna be a bunch of rednecks selling overpriced Christmas shit.” He opens the door to the garage and lets Cas go ahead of him. “But you dragged me outta hell, so I guess I can drag myself to this.”
Sure enough, Benny emerged from behind a tree, followed by Dean and Cas himself. It was strange, seeing another version of themselves, and Cas pondered the logistics. Was this another part of Dean, trapped in a separate part of his mind? Or just a fragmented memory?
“Dean, as I just said, I was not at all confident that it would work. I tried my best, and I am sincerely sorry for failing you
“Plus,” Dean says, and turns down the covers on the bed, “we have blankets.” He tugs off his coat and drapes it across the back of a chair, then sits down on the bed to pull his shoes off. Maybe subconsciously, he chose the right side, the same side he takes in his room at the bunker when Cas stays the night.
“You, uh… have to open it. That’s part of the fun. See, I wrapped it in newspaper, because that’s what Sam and I usually do. But if we were normal, it would be all colorful, and have a bow on it.”
If he lost his mind, he would become a burden. And he knew Dean would never agree to put him down, not even if they were to discuss it beforehand. He also wondered if Dean would still be attracted to him if he were to lose his grace, or if his power was a main component of the allure. He pushed the selfish thought away.
“Okay. I think I would like to try some, too. I like peppermint candy, and I would imagine that it’s similar.”
A few hours later, the three of them are all in Dean’s room, halfway through their second movie. Sam is sitting in an armchair he dragged into the room, sipping on a mug of eggnog. Dean and Cas are sitting up on Dean’s bed, leaning back against the headboard. Cas is wearing his dumb Christmas sweater again.
Sam put his fork down, and for a second Dean thought he had really pissed him off. But his expression was calm. “Can’t I just want to be happy for you? It would be great if you could have a real relationship.”
Castiel extended his arm slowly and reached for Dean’s face. He paused, tilting his head to ask for permission, and Dean nodded. His fingers rubbed along Dean’s jaw, moving his thumb in soothing circles until he reached the back of his head. Dean closed his eyes. Cas pulled him forward and down slightly so that their foreheads were touching.
But he can’t make a scene here, because they’re in a rural town in the Midwest, and even though he’s never wanted to kiss a man (well, a wavelength of celestial intent in a male form) so badly in his life, he knows that these people are probably not into that sort of thing, and
Sam smiled sheepishly and put his gun down. “Well, I’m not dead. I’m feeling much better, actually. Almost at 100 percent.”
Dean nodded. “We’ll figure it out,” he said simply. “We’ll find a way to break the deal. And not just because I wanna do more of… that,” he added awkwardly, and gestured vaguely to Cas’ face. “I need you around, Cas. We all do.”
angry. Hell, I got a lot to be angry about. I drink. We hunt. We don’t talk about it. That’s how this works.”
She looks relieved. Did she really think he would try to guilt her into staying? He gets up and hugs her goodbye, asks her to call when she gets there. She hugs Sam, too, then Jack (“Be good,” she says to him, and kisses him on the forehead). She hugs Cas last, and says something to him, too quiet for Dean to hear. Then she grabs her keys and goes up the stairs to the door.
In the bathroom he washed his face with cold water. He tried to avoid looking in the mirror, but inevitably he caught his reflection and was forced to meet his own gaze. For someone so ashamed of crying, he had done quite a bit of it in his lifetime, and the sight of his own reddened, puffy eyes was all too familiar. Sighing, he gripped the sides of the sink with both hands and moved his head in a slow circle as his neck let out a series of muffled cracks. He brushed his teeth facing away from the mirror, threw on some clean clothes, then made his way to the kitchen.
Cas tried and failed to suppress a smile at Dean’s quip. He put his hand on Dean’s, but didn’t thread their fingers together, despite his overwhelming desire to do so. He had to leave, remove himself from the temptation. “I should go,” he said. “I’ll let you get some more rest.”
“I’m sure he’ll be fine, Dean. He’s endured worse.” Cas found he didn’t necessarily believe that, but he wanted to reassure both Dean and himself. “I’m just sorry I can’t help.”
“It’s your birthday, Dean.” Cas keeps up his suggestive tone, but Dean doesn’t miss the way his eyes soften a bit. “We can do whatever you’d like.”
Nine o’clock comes and goes, and Dean feels the familiar anxiety start to prickle. But soon he hears movement coming from the general direction of Cas’ room, and then shuffling footsteps.
Sam put down two mugs of coffee and sat down across from Dean with his own plate before taking a bite of toast. He shrugged. “Just felt like doing something productive. Besides, I didn’t want you eating a bunch of that pie for breakfast.”
“Thought maybe if I didn’t say anything you would go away,” he half-mumbled, half-slurred, reaching across his body to shut off the music that was coming from his computer.
Dean forces himself to look up again. “Yeah, I’m fine. You have a good day.” He follows Cas out the door.
Sam returned with a small satchel. “I, uh, know it’s a little weird. But I thought it would be good to have, you know? Just in case.”
Castiel seemed to pick up on Dean’s thought process, and he shook his head. “None of this is your fault, Dean. It’s just that you’ve had these attachments before, and you’ve lost people, and you’re still here. I don’t know if I would be so strong.”
was right. Tammy was watching them from her car, which was parked in the farthest corner spot on the far side of the lot. Although she was wearing a beanie and dark sunglasses, Dean could still tell it was her. A green Ford station wagon wasn’t exactly a common vehicle, and Dean remembered it from the police reports about Nick, pictured parked at the trailhead where Nick was last seen before he was found dead. Tammy was pretending to do something on her cell phone, but every few seconds, her eyes would flick up to Dean and Cas. She didn’t seem to know she had been spotted.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel repeated, and his usual gravelly voice broke. He seemed to think Dean was in pain, so Dean shook his head and took the angel’s hand, holding it to his chest. Their fingers lined up, and he pressed Cas’ palm over his heart. He wasn’t good with words, but he hoped this would be easy enough to understand.
