Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, John was sure that they were redder than usual. “I've never been in a relationship before, John,” he said then, quietly and austere. “Is it possible for lovers to be happy together even when there has been so much hurt and pain in their past?”
“It was supposed to be perfect,” she rants, angrily kicking me into my side. “It was supposed to be a highlight.” Her foot hits my side once more. It hurts like hell. I press my lips together as hard as possible to prevent myself from crying out and that only makes her angrier.
(obviously, only said it to buy some time and grab the knife, still blood on it? no. concentrate)
His fourth finger wanders inside easily now, and I lose control of my hand. I had planned to continue stroking him softly, bringing him to the edge just with my fingertips, but in the wake of arousal I am grabbing him, holding him, becoming more and more fierce.
20th December
Her mouth is not curved like Sherlock's, her hair is fair and stick-straight. She does not have mood-swings, and she never needs to be saved. She wants to save John. He is not sure from what. But she massages his tense muscles and cooks for him and so it must be fine to be with her. She is meek.
But most of all, I want to sleep. Not a realistic wish, I am afraid to say.
There is a chance that John will not be amused but it is far more likely that they will end up kissing, for the signs John is giving have become more and more clear over the last months.
Warning: Mentioning of character death :-(
After a while, he turns around to face Sherlock. Unlike on the last three mornings, there is no leering smile on his friend's lips but a thoughtful look. “Are you all right?” he asks when Sherlock does not say something but continues to stare into John's eyes. For a second, John gets lost in these wonderful, lustrous, funny-coloured eyes.
This one is a bit shorter than usual. The next one will be longer again, I promise.
For seven months I have managed to abandon thoughts like that. Now they hit me with uncontrollable force. John senses the change, looks at me with a frown. It is too much. I cannot stand his gaze.
Easy. Because Mary messed up with my mind.
Did he also see the crossroad that presented itself to John right now? Of course he did. Letting a serial killer get away over sentiment was more than a bit not good. It was inexcusable. Especially to a man with such high moral standards as John. Normally. But then ... John sighed, thinking of Lestrade's words right at the beginning of it all. Hoping that Sherlock would become a good man one day. Well, all in all it seemed like they were heading in the right direction. He had just never realised what a long way Sherlock had already come.
John agrees to coming along over the weekend, not with a heartfelt “Hell, yes!”, but at least nearly without hesitation and without discussing it with Mary before agreeing. Sherlock's stomach does a funny little stunt. Might there still be hope?
“John, no,” I babble (regardless of how useless my words will be), “nothing will happen. Nothing.” I am aware that I continue talking but I don't know what I am saying.
Mummy is unstoppable anyway. “Oh come on, Sig. Even an idiot can see that they are from a Pottery Neolithic B culture.”
For a while, I keep standing in the middle of the room (freshly renovated, big window, king-size bed, very modern). My head feels like my thoughts are racing but I am not thinking about anything. It's a weird feeling. I remember the last time I felt like that and quickly will that memory away.
Sherlock stares down at the wonderful man who has forgiven him all the heinous deeds of the last two years and who loves him and who is sleeping on his sofa now. And he has absolutely no idea what to do, now that his highest hopes have been fulfilled.
Then the shifting starts again. But this time I know what he is about to say and can forestall him.
I deduce that he wanted to say “I love you”, but that makes no sense. Why would he hold that back?
Was he embarrassed? Probably. But surely only because he had missed the clues. Angry? Who knows.
12. His knowledge of primary school syllabus is probably bigger that that of an average person. Give him the opportunity to demonstrate that from time to time.
Little me nods enthusiastically, and starts with the most pressing one, “Why are there trees growing in the water?”
“Dear passengers,” the voice of the (unconcerned! not scared!) pilot comes through the speakers, “I am sorry for the little inconvenience. One of our engines failed, so we have turned it off. Please be assured that there is no reason to panic. Our plane is capable of landing on one engine and fully under our control. We are just sorry to tell you that we will not make it to London. Instead, we will divert to Leeds airport.”
When the doors of the tram opened, Sherlock dashed out at once, John close to his trail. They pushed through a crowd of tourists, businesspeople and thieves, making it from Piazza Barberini to the Pantheon in merely ten minutes.
Now he realises that will not happen. He has broken John by saving him. He will never get a chance to explain himself to John. They will never resume their life at 221b. Sherlock will come back, but  John will be gone, even if he is still there.
The glory and excitement of the Moriarty Enigma is washed away a bit by John's breakdown. It loses even more of its sparkle as the day goes on. There are no real leads and too many potential senders. There are way too many of Mycroft's minions running around, their thoughts interfering with mine. There are tons of footage showing boring people doing boring stuff, and if there is a relevant clue in it, I miss it completely.
I don't dignify her poor effort with any kind of reaction and start eating instead. Not the first time I have to eat from the ground without using my hands. I do so without being humiliated at all. That this does not destroy her good mood makes me suspicious.
I missed her chaos.
A sound broke through Sherlock's dark thoughts. The stairs.
And I realise that now, exactly now is the time for him to fuck me, for if I cannot allow him now I will never be able to.
And suddenly I am lying flat my bed, John widely grinning above me. (He must have flipped me around while I was busy being wild for his pressure on my cock. He is evil, and enjoying it.)
before gracelessly descending to the ground.
My parents pretend not to be surprised and Daddy thoughtfully keeps Emmi out of the way. No need to get her prematurely excited about seeing her father. Getting John upstairs isn't easy but in the end we reach Mycroft's old room.
My body is still working on its own. The routine of nineteen weeks. Water. Check temperature. Mix with formula, but softly. We don't want bubbles.
“It's standing next to our bed already,” Sherlock volunteers unasked, and John can not help but giggle this time.
I know I shouldn't, but I can't help imagining what she would do instead. I am standing in the Watson's kitchen. (My favourite room in their home.) I can see John eating. Mary serves him one of those coffee things she always produces with this tedious machine. Something with milk and steam and flavour. Strong enough to cover the taste of cyanide.
6. He does not mind an average number of body parts in the fridge. But I doubt that this knowledge is helpful for you and your boring daily routine.
When Sebastian told him about Adler, Mycroft couldn't help but pause the file. “What does he mean, Sherlock?” he asked, not able to keep curiosity and anger out of his voice. “When have you been to Karachi?” His brother turned to him fiercely: “Doesn’t matter. Resume.” “It doesn't matter? Sherlock, look at John. Why didn't you tell him? He had everything under control, but your thoughtless actions took that away from him.”
Because the second person to know is Jim Moriarty. Had known it at the pool, back when Sherlock had had only a vague idea of his own feelings. Moriarty proclaimed that he would burn Sherlock's heart out one day. Which means one day he will try to kill John or to drive them apart.
Waiting also makes painfully clear how the alienation between him and John started. There is an ache in his chest that spreads when he thinks about how often John must have sat in a waiting room like this, worried for Sherlock's life.
“... love you.”
Kate, aged 18 by then, had moved from Pretoria to San Francisco where she had started a relationship with a surfing teacher named Janice Lawrence. The two of them broke up when Kate discovered that Janice had been unfaithful. Janice got killed three weeks later when taking heroin that was mixed with an unknown substance. Her dealer was never caught.
Does John have a favourite orifice? (YES)
3. John needs a certain amount of danger in his life. He gets restless and cantankerous if too secure. Danger makes him forget his own imperfections.
Mycroft keeps on plotting all the way, of course. I will heroically save England and the Crown by eliminating the Moriarty threat for good (how convenient that Jim's body is still stored away in some unofficial governmental freezer.) The Committee will hence pardon me, the public who did not get to know details on the Magnussen murder anyway will celebrate me the usual way, blah, blah, blah.
When they left two weeks later, Maddie slept through most of the night, had gotten some solution against the air in her belly prior to every bottle and I could tell angry wailing from hungry wailing and tired wailing. They saved us from utter chaos.
And so Sherlock had laid out the plan. He would accept a couple of boring but impressive cases, like this thing about that picture that had gone missing, cases the press would pick up eagerly. By that he would give the writers a chance to lift him up, so Moriarty would later have a well-founded base for making Sherlock fall from grace.
Does John come faster with outdoor orgasms in a dark alley or at a decent corner in an oriental wellness oasis, where they are hidden from view but in constant danger of being overheard by others? (the oriental wellness oasis)
His wrinkles were gone too. John was young.
(See the end of the chapter for
I hesitate for a moment but if there has ever been the need to be perfectly honest, it is now. “You would have blown out your brains yesterday morning and I would be on my way to bury you right now.”
Carrying Emmi's pushchair over it would be an extreme waste of energy, so I suggest we take the upper walkway instead.
And all of a sudden, my mind delivers several observations from the last few days. John doesn't touch me when he can avoid it. He leaves bed when I have fallen asleep. He lets me handle Emmi as often as possible. He stopped himself from saying “I love you” at the cellar when forcing me to promise.
It takes me eight rows before I realise my mistake: I have been pushed out of my seat when the plane came to a stop. That means I must have been thrown forward. Our row must be behind me, and now I am moving even further away from it.
It is very hard not to let my disappointment show. Saying goodbye takes four minutes, and every muscle of my face is strained afterwards. The feeling inside my chest is nearly the same. Only worse.
I also wonder why I still think of her mother as “Mary”, even though I know her real name now. But to me, she will always be Mary.
and sat down at the table next to Sherlock
“Calm down,” Sherlock says, trying to sound as gentle as possible while panicking himself. “The ambulance will be here in no time.”
My mind is trapped in a vicious circle, cannot break free on its own. I stop working on the graves, go back to walking the island and sitting on benches. Going backwards. Regressing.
Again, see the notes at the end for warnings.
I can see Mycroft and me placing them underneath the parquet. “Are you sure they will still be here in twenty years' time?” I hear myself ask concernedly, and watch Mycroft smile.
The pain on Sherlock's face increased exponentially when Sebastian started to strangle the doctor, even though it was obvious that his intention was not to kill the man.
Her waters have broken, and quite spectacularly so. “We need to take them to hospital,” John says, voice wavering with more emotions than I can decipher.
When she says that she needs to go to the loo, I explode. “You are not going anywhere, Christine Holden!” Throw the envelope on the kitchen table. Watch her expression change from surprise to understanding to anger within a second. See her step away from John and instantly place myself between them, just to make sure.
When we step outside, John and Daddy change places, and I end up in John's steady embrace. Lean into it when the coffin is lowered and it feels like a part of me is buried as well.
When I turn into our street I see -
I spend other days walking around London, non-thinking, unseeing.
Then, finally, after five hours, twenty-six minutes and eight seconds, the front door is opened, and there are steps on the stairs. Sherlock knows that he should be able to deduce John's mood by listening to the steps, but he fails. Will John come back to forgive him? Or just to pick up his overnight bag? Does he know that Sherlock has already packed an overnight bag for him, just in case?
“Right.” He falls silent again. Our eyes meet for a moment.
John draws back, and our eyes lock once more. There is one more thing John needs to say right now, I can tell from his eyes. And I know what it is and I patiently wait for five seconds before he says, his blue eyes still looking deeply into mine, his hands holding mine so tightly, “I love you, Sherlock.”
Schmiezi
I still don't know what will happen to me, or when it will happen. All I know, all I need to know right now is that John's arms will always be open and that killing Magnussen was a small price to pay to protect the love of my life.
Biggest thanks to my wonderful betas, Katzedecimal, Grizzy, Davina and GoSherlocked. Like my other fics, this one wouldn't be half as good without you.
I get a little kiss on my cheek (which is nice) and John's hand quickly pats my back, only to come to a rest on my hips (which is even nicer. Usually, John is not the one to display his affection in public.)
His vision was washed away completely this time, the pain filling every part of his body, every part of his mind. He felt like drowning in it, just barely able to stick his head up high enough. Not for the first time he wondered if those whimpering sounds came from his own mouth. He clung to consciousness by sheer will - power, but felt his grip on it weaken with every passing second.
(Seb's face close to mine, hands around his throat, pressing, he's struggling but can't break free, his eyes filled with panic, his hands hitting my body, but pain doesn't matter, pressing stronger, so close I can feel his body shaking, fighting for his life but losing, tries to speak terrible sound, arms getting weaker, eyes losing focus, lips blue, arms and legs twitching falling to the ground, body slacking underneath mine, eyes dead, gone
It is unthinkable, and yet it is happening right in front of his eyes. Sherlock cannot help but groan when waves of pain move through his entire body. He looks at John and feels guilty for this emotional outbreak, and rightfully so. John's face shows his terror so openly he can barely stand it.
While I am waiting for the next question, Mycroft is waiting for me to understand something. But what?
I suddenly realize that I am unable to deduce him and to concentrate on talking at the same time. So I decide to record the phone call in my mind and just go ahead boldly, "Hello, John."
********
Another blurred figure touches me, probably trying to help me. I cannot talk to him, somehow, only push him aside to pass him by. He says something but I ignore him. Need to find John!
The next day I expect to be forced to do the evening walk alone but to my surprise John is already dressed up for facing the rain when I start looking for my coat. Ten minutes into my angry march over the Kniepsand, John breaks the silence.
1. "Hello?"
I enjoy the way things are slowly going back to normal but I do not trust that unstable peace enough to make my plans public. So instead, I talk about how happy Emmi makes me. A topic that never fails to make “Sharing Our Emotions” a success.
With that, she turns and leaves me standing in the kitchen alone. Just me and my misery.
Trigger warning: Like so many chapters ago, there is a trigger warning AT THE END of the chapter so those who do not want to read it won't be spoilered.
Having sex with her is mandatory. John makes do with it, nothing more and nothing less. In bed, she is as moderate as in every day's life. And John has not made out with someone since … Well, since Jeanette. When he still thought dating woman would stop him from falling for his impossible flatmate.
Again, time passed and John stared on. He knew there was no way Mycroft would fail to turn up at 221b today. To look after John, the way his dead brother would have wanted him to. To seek forgiveness for betraying Sherlock by providing Moriarty with so many details from Sherlock’s life. Or so he would pretend.
She smiles, honestly happy, and presses a kiss on John's head. “And all that simply because you loved her. I don't like to have rivals.”
Yes, I know.
And then I finally understand. (How could I have understood earlier? How could I have even guessed that his stupidly big heart is weird enough to love me back?) I must still be staring at him. Want to say something but can't find my voice. Feel my mouth open and close. (Goldfish.) Body is betraying me. (Tears in my eyes? Really? Please!)
“Oh,” I assure her, “I am perfectly fine with the idea of people outwitting my brother. Especially when he is outsmarted by a lovely lady like you.”
(Can hear the high tide waves roll in. Common gulls. An oyster catcher.)
I want, I need to dig deeper but the door bell disturbs us. It is only a group of islanders in costumes. (Old Tradition. Boring.) John is polite, I am rude, they all get a shot of whisky and leave. The mood between us is gone.
He sits on the carpet of Mary's study for hours, just feeling the emotional overflow he thought he was incapable of having any longer. When Mary comes in, her eyes fall onto the email in John's hand, and he can tell from the look in her eyes that she knows. She understands instantly that she has lost him.
Molly's last good deed before leaving is shoving Sherlock into the room and closing the door from the outside.
It is funny how that does not have any sexual connotation at all. Under different circumstances, it might have aroused me within seconds. But now, with John's face sober and his hands moving without caresses and his shoulders ever so slowly losing the tension they have kept up for months, it is only another part of cleaning me.
We keep our (inevitable) conversation factual. Mycroft promises to work out a plan for John and GraceOrJoshua that is strongly orientated on what John wants. I state my confidence in his ability to work out a way to support me in Serbia. He informs me about the (suicide) mission, tells me all about (very rare) safe houses and (even rarer) supporters. I quip about how grateful I am that I was allowed to keep my hairstyle in prison. He sneers at my vanity in the face of danger.
Sherlock considers his current head injury as an outstanding opportunity to explore temporary amnesia and is kind of disappointed, when the expression “Oswald plays oboe in an orchestra in Omsk before eating oxtail soup, oysters and omelette” comes over his lips fluently. John watches him, stunned, and wonders why he feels like the odd one out here.
At first I think he is suppressing sobs or having a panic attack but then I finally understand.
I get up, my eyes trailing to the second one. Arrived exactly one week after the first. He kept his promise. The same pier, but this time the picture was taken from a different angel. Lighthouse at photographer's back. Shows Worthleblythe, grey city on the North Sea, underneath grey clouds. Three hours twenty-nine minutes away from Baker Street. The only research on him I did during the last nineteen weeks. It rains. First indication of how he felt. On its back, the same message, “Sorry.”
She starts to babble, but Sherlock cuts her off. “Go down to Speedy's, find someone who can help me with CPR,” he snaps, then starts the fourth round. Sweat is already running down his face.
I clearly remember Mycroft coming in, calling for help, shaking me while I was absolutely unable to respond. I also remember that all I could think was that I didn't want to die with Mycroft being the last face I'd see.
“No way, Sherl. He's dead. Definitely.” (It sounds like a nice little case now. Maybe it is something John would enjoy, he is a romantic at heart and would feel like some 19th century novel character.)
Because my mobile receives a text. From John.
And then he collapses onto my belly, slippery with my own come. I need to breathe too, and for a long time I can do nothing but fill my lungs with air and feel his almost limp body lying on mine.
The (little) space between us is filled with possibilities all of a sudden. If this were a romantic film we would surely kiss each other any second.
Eggnog is the epitome of evil. Am not going to comment on it any further.
“I think you are running out of time, my dear,” my inner Mary taunts me at the beginning of December. She is right, not only concerning my relationship with John.
Thanks to GoSherlocked, katzedecimal and Grizzy for beta-ing, support and kind words. You are the best.
Subject: How to handle John
Then he sees him again at the funeral and his confidence returns. Sherlock watches, disguised as a member of the homeless network, how John stands next to his coffin, upright and calm, shaken but obviously unbroken. Sherlock knows that he watches a man who will get over it, sooner or later. Why does that not make him feel like celebrating?
Later that day, when we are having dinner together in a little pizzeria (or rather the little pizzeria, the only one on the island) he is all silent and absent-minded and I almost wish for him to lash out and hurt me again, for everything would be better than silence.
He wants to say more but does not. Just like me. But we stay like this, basically holding hands, for another thirty-six minutes before a shower of rain drives us home.
Yes. And I hadn't seen the impact it had on both of us coming. I step closer to myself, watching the tears running down my cheek. They were real. “Oh, but that does not matter, dear” Mary tuts.
And wait.
After only a short stop at the hotel (the best around, of course, but “only” four stars, what a pity) they finally arrived at the house of the Adigi family. Located in the midst of hills with olive groves, detached from the other houses, a perfectly idyllic place to live, had it not just been the backdrop of a brutal murder.
“Hi, Sherl!” she says, smiling unobtrusively, and adds “Hi, gang!” She embraces me, and John's mood drops, instantly. Luckily, Mary is busy staring at Janine in a peculiar way and therefore misses her husband's reaction altogether. (He really needs to be more careful. Just like me.) Mycroft discreetly turns all laptop screens around to hide the operation from her.
The last time they have been in the same room until The Day Of The Gunshot. I heard her swearing she would come and take back Madelaine by force if necessary and how she would kill me in front of his eyes and then him. I still heard her swearing in my head when we packed his stuff with Maddie on our arms and my flat became our flat again.
Then he watched his friend – his lover – closely. He looked like hell, dark circles underneath his eyes, and yet, there was a small, marvelling smile around his mouth.
Janine doesn't even flinch. Out of the corner of my eye I see John and Mycroft checking the faked papers. Mycroft starts typing on his mobile instantly. John pales. “How long have you been planning this?”, he asks, dangerously calm.
I spend days not knowing what I am doing, only realizing that somehow, between waking up and falling asleep, I have somehow moved, at least from one room to another.
Frustrated, John felt his hands clenching. “Oh, don't I have any say in what will happen to me?” He noticed that he was shouting now, but wouldn't back down now. Even though being the single goal of Sherlock's focused anger was not a good feeling. “No, you don't,” Sherlock shouted back, his eyes blazing, his hand clutching the glass he had just picked up from the table so hard his knuckles turned white.
Still at a loss for words, Sherlock stepped aside to let him enter the room.
John's eyes finally focus on me. He quickly examines my face, frowns for a second (why?), then looks straight into my eyes. “We survived,” he says again in amazement and squeezes my hand hard. I look at him, relieved that he is no longer drifting away from me.
When he felt the other man relax and heard his breathing slow down for good, he stepped back a little and gave him a diagnostic glance. Sherlock looked strange with the short blond hair, and was clearly shaken momentarily, but otherwise fine. Obviously playing hide and seek with the world for nine months hadn't done him any harm.
I open my eyes again to find him smiling at me. He is even more tired now, fighting to keep his eyes open. I lean down (pain again, my whole face is throbbing) and press a little kiss onto his cheek. “I'll be right back,” I promise.
Then the dreams become more confusing. He dreams about a map of London. In one place, it says “Sherlock” instead of “Cemetery”, which makes sense. Then the letters start to move all over London, then all over the world. Which makes absolutely no sense at all.
“The blood filled your chest very quickly, causing a cardiac tamponade that stopped your heart for a while.” Davies paused for a moment.
„John!" Sherlock woke with a start. Only this time he was aware that he had just had a nightmare. His eyes settled on John who was waking up in the chair next to the hospital bed. No wounds, no scorch marks. Yes, just a bad dream.
The most unpleasant feeling when it comes to John. Because the truth is that I miss him terribly. Now that these strange new versions of him are here, I miss him even more than before.
“Tell me,” I simply say, and John finally obeys.
“There are barely any wrinkles,” I exclaim, not able to keep the surprise out of my voice. I know that he carried heavy responsibilities on his shoulders, but still his skin is almost smooth.
Later, when they became lovers, John somehow thought that the experiments would stop. Instead, Sherlock just changed his focus.
“Not sex,” Sherlock huffed. Or tried to huff, while he rather felt like giggling because John had just said that he had been really good. “This.”
A cab takes me home. I look out of the window so I don't have to look at the empty seat next to me. I try to tell myself to be happy. Only this morning I was prepared to leave John and England for good and face my certain death. Now all I am facing is an empty chair in an empty flat.
I am sweating, and breathless, and unable to tell how much time has passed since we entered the room, and my hand is pressed around my cock so hard that it almost hurts, and John is moaning again, deeper now and louder, and I think I am saying something but don't know what, and my head falls back, and I hear my own scream, and John still pushes and pushes, and I don't want him to stop, and I feel him tensing, and I still don't want it to stop but then my body arches and I feel him come inside me and suddenly I am pushed over the top as well and I feel myself pulsating again and again and again, and when I finally stop John collapses onto me.
What will happen to my parents now? (So many ways to die slowly inside a house.) Has it happened already? How long will I have to wait outside to come back when it is over?
Ever since Sherlock's fall John has no head for heights. He tries to keep his voice casual when confessing that one day he had been close to jumping off St Bart's too and silently curses himself when he sees Sherlock's face crumble with poorly hidden pain afterwards. John finds himself pulling him in for comfort for a moment and is not sure if he is comforting Sherlock or himself.
After that, John stops talking for a long while. I steal the folder from him and study it further, while I watch him out of the corner of my eyes. She has managed to become a CIA agent, turned herself into an even more efficient killer by undergoing the CIA training. Four agents got killed during her time with the agency, but no one saw the connection.
The fact that Mycroft was sitting in it while Sherlock had been thinking about John was definitely no coincidence.
“I wasn't sure if I'd see you again,” I admit, but inner Mycroft just waves it off.
“I am sorry,” he heard John say, “I should have talked to ...”
Note to self: Don't force out a tear when lying to John. He might not be a genius, but he has learned to tell faked tears from real ones.
Sometimes we can see each other, sometimes not. John gets punished for my blunders three more times, including the one when I told him that I don't know if Harry is dead or not.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he had reached home, he had always been faced with feeling guilty for leaving his pregnant wife alone for so long. Looking back now, he snorted. Who knew what Mary had been doing while he had been by Sherlock's side in hospital.
There is still something surreal about this night. Something that makes me lower my walls and open my soul. Or maybe it is just the wine.
John's sudden departure hit Sherlock by surprise. From his point of view, the evening had been as close to perfect as evenings could be lately. When the Watsons had arrived, Sherlock had entertained Deborah, which was always a lot more fun than he had thought it would be.
“That's ridiculous,” Sherlock snorted. “You are the one who almost got killed today! I should take care for you, not the other way round.”
“Thank you,” he answers, as if I had just granted him the biggest possible pleasure.
Before waking up properly, John drifted in and out consciousness for a while. He couldn't react, couldn't even think, just felt himself floating. Sometimes it was dark, sometimes bright, but there was one constant all the time: he could always feel Sherlock's presence.
I watch him, see him squirm, see the expression on his face, the haunted look in his eyes. He knows. And that is what I will leave behind this time. When I jumped off the roof, I left a broken man who had no idea how much he was loved. No, I leave behind the man who would have been willing to raise a baby with me, who loved me spiritually and physically in more ways I ever thought possible, who will soldier on no matter what. Who knows that I am saying “I love you” right now without needing to hear it.
I swallow hard. “Yes,” I answer, “and Mary would not have ...”
When I just stare at the sheet, he goes on, “Write down what you'd like to eat tomorrow. I'll be right back.”
“Because he still loves me,” I conclude, a bit surprised.
He looks through my documents, utters the German equivalent of "amazing" occasionally and claps my shoulder in delight.
Thanks to my three betas GoSherlocked, Katzedecimal and Grizzi. I hope you know how much your support means to me.
Mary just dismisses that with a wave of her hand. “No, you didn't. You explained. Then you said something nice, to make up for the hurt. But you never said sorry.”
“So instead of surprising your parents in their sleep I found them in the nursery. And that wailing …” Mary is furious, nearly shrieking now. “I couldn't think clearly any more. And your parents were so pathetic and I couldn't ...”
Not just a nurse, that was obvious. Sherlock had mentioned her wearing an assassin's outfit. Was she a professional killer? It was almost impossible to reconcile this information with the picture he had of her in his mind. She had always been so … innocent. Smug, sometimes, and maybe a bit manipulative but surely not a criminal.
Is John still turned on at the display of Sherlock's athletic body? (Yes, according to the way he eyes Sherlock during his unnecessary but visually appealing triceps training without wearing a T-Shirt. But no sex afterwards. There IS something wrong!)
I use the small divergence to post the drafts on the blog and send John a link. Only seconds later I hear a pling on his mobile, and watch him opening the link. His face is unreadable (damn!) but he sits down, focused on the screen and for a few minutes he goes very very still.
I cannot help but laugh out loud. He joins in and the world has become a tiny bit more perfect again.
If the book seller can get me a copy of this book, there will still be thirteen books missing.
Here we go!
“... please, Sherlock, listen to me, please.”
The second day at Mycroft's base is even worse that the first. This time it takes me only six hours to go from enthusiast to arsehole.
Once, there was a rest room very similar to this one somewhere halfway between London and Edinburgh. I sulked all the way and was graciously allowed to go to the toilet alone. I was twenty-three that night and stupid.
It only takes a few songs before we attract people's attention. Soon there is a woman trying to dance up on me. Dressed up in alarming colours, with a hair-do that only underlines a certain parrot-ness. When I subtly dance away, she follows. I am not really used to that kind of problem (and not entirely sober). When I try to scare her away I realise that the music is too loud for her to hear my (rather mean) deduction on her feeble sex life. She just sees my mouth move and smiles (while checking out my lips). (She approves of what she sees.)
John grinned. “Are you trying to make a reference to pop culture?” “Yes. Must be your bad influence.” He grimaced in slight disgust, while John just shook his head. “You know, these references would be a lot more pointed if you would bother to remember the names of the shows.” Last time that had happened on a case it had taken John nearly twenty minutes to find out which show Sherlock meant when he said “the one with all the lousy actors”.
Business as usual. 121 words that start with H made this ending possible.
It is still perfect when he tells me my plan, but a bit less so. He is slightly too relaxed. Why?
But somehow, ordering a new one is a step I am not yet ready to make. I do not understand what is holding me back. Maybe the fact that all my former violins have been presents from Mycroft. Buying myself a new one means admitting that I will never receive one from him again.
Sherlock's head snaps around involuntarily, and all he can do is stare at John. Now his deduction skills slowly come online again. John is wet from the rain that started falling three hours and thirty-eight minutes ago, and cold because he only took his light jacket, Sherlock's olfactory sense tells him that there are olives and oregano omelettes in the take-away bag, and the dirt on John's shoes tell him all about his odyssee through at least four districts, and John is … sorry? Sherlock frowns. Why is he not angry?
For the next hour, she refuses to be held by me and clings to John instead. He holds her, plays with her but tenses with every passing minute. Then Emmi grows tired and becomes crotchety and fidgety but still refuses to come to me. So John tries to remain calm. It wears him out rather soon. He is in the kitchen with her, trying to wash her sticky hands when his mobile rings. And rings. And rings.
A few seconds later, John turns around and holds the baby right under my nose. “Look at her,” he whispers, and I do. The shape of her (little) head tells me that she has been pressed against Mary's pubis for about one hour before finding the right way out. The colour of her skin tells me that she has been a bit reluctant to breathe at first. The wrinkles on her face tell me that she has been inside the birth canal for at least ninety minutes.
“But if I'd go nuts like Jimmy,” she explains, “it would be destroyed. Daddy's way of telling me to pull myself together, I think.” So that is why someone is trying to gaslight her.
“There were so many times you've hurt him, right?” She gives me that innocent smile again, while images of John and me are scrolling down on the wall next to me. I recognize all those situations, but some of them stick out because I regret them more:
Mary's eyes have a feverish gleam now. Regardless if she is telling the truth or not, she is having the time of her life. “I watched her the entire time. When she collapsed inside the loo, I volunteered to help her. The security guard let me in and I took my time and watched her without hurry. And she recognized me. Tried to talk. Probably even knew I poisoned her. God, she was so helpless.”
“God, Mycroft,” he gasped, neither able nor willing to hide his shock.
Sooner or later my younger self would fall asleep again, head resting on Mycroft's shoulder. Now that I am watching my memories in the rear view mirror I suddenly realise that this was only possible because Mycroft was sitting in the middle seat of the back row. He always sat down behind the driver's seat when we got into the car. That means that at some point during the journey he always moved closer, just to be ready to provide support.
7."Sherlock, I can't ... I can't. Please don't."
John leaned forward and simply kissed him again. Sherlock gave him a groggy smile. His eyes fluttered, and he slipped back into sleep.
In the beginning, some people drop by to visit us. Lestrade, Molly, Yasmin. Janine.
I do not have to tell John about my panic attack. He can see it in my eyes and in my heart. The sympathetic look on his face is almost painful.
Oh, and of course the feeling of warmth comes from Sherlock leeching on to him every morning. After only four nights John can already tell how deeply Sherlock is sleeping by the way his lanky limbs are sprawled out around John's body. When they are limp, Sherlock is still slumbering peacefully. When there is a slight tremor in them, he dreams. When there is tension in them, he is already awake, deducing what John dreamt from John's breathing pattern or whatever. When his hands are sliding down lustfully, past John's navel, he is lewd.
(Divorce sounds wonderful to my ears. But can't linger over it.)
He looks at me (for the first time since sitting down next to me) and I can see in his eyes that he knows I am not convinced of it at all. He gives me a sad smile and (to my utter surprise) places his hand on mine.
It was a short but painful death that came out of the blue for her. (Is it all right to be satisfied by that knowledge?)
How do you remodel a friendship after destroying it by confessing your love after remodelling your friendship after destroying your best friend's soul by faking your death? Irritatingly enough, there is no hint to that anywhere on the internet. Neither on homosexual guides nor on heterosexual ones. Ridiculous. As if Sherlock were the first person with that kind of problem!
“Look,” he started, “I shouldn't have...”
Then Sherlock looks back at his brother and crinkles his nose in disdain. He is looking absolutely lovely that way. John cannot help but imagining little Sherlock, age 8 or so, looking at his big brother that way. “Mycroft objects to my idea of having a tattoo on the inside of my thigh” Sherlock explains matter-of-factly, and John instantly knows that he objects to the idea, too, and where does that spring from anyway?
“Really?” John asked, sounding surprised. “Oh, wow. I mean, you were really good and you seemed to know exactly what we were doing and ...”
He dreams about coming back home one day only to find the mantelpiece empty. Instead of the skull and the letters and the dead butterflies, there is a single mark on it. It comes from a bullet. In his dream, John simply knows that it was the bullet of a marksman. Only that it makes no sense. Sherlock is dead. Why would there still be marksmen around?
“An orchestration” Sherlock murmured, a comment that touched Mycroft's heart quite unexpectedly. Of course it was, and Sherlock must have known that his brother was aware of it, too. The simplest deduction, in fact, and were the circumstances different Sherlock would have acknowledged his brother with mordant derision for mentioning something so obvious.
He just smiles at me sadly and claps my shoulder a sixth time.
John Watson is in love.
And that he wants me to be at the hospital the next time. Says I need to be there to hold Emilia (whom we will call Grace because unlike me he likes the name more than Emilia) immediately after she is born so we can bond. This leaves a warm feeling somewhere in my chest (probably inside my heart), all insecurity and apprehension forgotten.
Maybe John wanted to be alone. Sherlock definitely did not. He got up, grabbed his dressing gown and went into the kitchen before his brain caught up with it.
People usually assume that Sherlock happened to John like a landslide, unstoppable sometimes and surely dangerous. They assume living with Sherlock is like taking part in an obscure lottery, where you never know what you will get when you come home at night.
Of course not. I follow his gaze and try to see, really see his body on the stretcher. What can I deduce? I start with the obvious, touching his belly, “Looks like you ate a lot less cake than I gave you credit for during the last five years,” I state and see inner him grin a little. I continue to observe, let my hand slide down his (left) leg.
The next few days (or weeks? No, days) are a wild mixture of spending time alone and Mary playing her games. John does his best to get over not knowing if Harry is truly dead or not. I do my best to get over not knowing if John forgave me or not.
He forces himself to focus on John once more. One final time, most likely. It is so painful to see him dying.
“I was thinking about Emilia for girl and Anthony for a boy,” I let him know after the long long long embrace. (Have given that a lot of thought, carefully avoiding every living relative of him and of me. Of course his belief in the Watson Curse is pitifully weird, but important to him, nevertheless.)
Big thanks to GoSherlocked, Katzedecimal and Grizzy for beta-ing. <3
That is John for you. Most people (including me, apparently) get him wrong. He is not the Damsel In Distress. He is not the White Knight. In reality, he is the Pauper that turns out to be the real Prince in the end.
Our eyes lock, and something in his expression falls. (No!) He takes one step backwards (stupid Sherlock, stupid stupid stupid) and looks at me (surprised? shocked? angrily!). My breath catches, I try to wipe the horror from my face and fail.
Or do I need to leave the plane? Is there a danger of explosion? I cannot remember if the Airbus was fuelled at Inverness. I could not leave this plane without John anyway.
There is heavy traffic on the road, so Sherlock decides to take the Tube to Tottenham, a forty minute trip and one of the strangest John has ever endured in Sherlock's present. Travelling with a four-year old must feel very similar, for Sherlock is obviously in “Why”-mode.
This chapter kind of happened. I wanted to write about something else when suddenly Sherlock and John started to talk about an issue I never even thought of before.
The dreams hit him by surprise. They are domestic and harmless and nearly sweet.
He tries to get up but his legs give in almost instantly and he sinks back to the cold ground. Loneliness fills him and the strange feeling that John is late for something.
When I manage to take my eyes off of John (who is alive and has not died in an absolutely terrifying, completely abnormal plane crash), I look at Dan Miller.
Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how much you like angst and hurt and inner demons and more angst) I have decided to continue, and let me just say that there are rough times ahead for the boys. I have already added a few new tags and warnings for part 2. Please take a look at them to avoid triggers.
My stomach clenches painfully. Suddenly I am not sure that there is enough of John left inside that man to be saved.
On the morning of New Year's Eve, my parents leave for Hamburg. This breaks up the surrealistically peaceful time for just a few moments. The rest of the day Emmi demands our attention. She has become a blonde nearly-walking, nearly-talking whirlwind. She makes us do the most ridiculous things and before we notice, it is night time and she falls asleep in my arms.
The guilt he feels is mind-wrecking. Or so he hopes. But no matter how well he memorises everything Sherlock has said to him on the phone, no matter how hard he remembers his own deficient answers, no matter how often he replays it in his head, he never loses his mind for good.
Janine seems to have found the most interesting spot on the carpet and stares at it. Then she nods. “Like Magnussen,” she explains, quietly. “He liked to flick my face, you know?”
“I DON'T KNOW,” I shout back, wondering if I'm crying or not and once I started, I cannot stop again. “I don't know, John. I'm sorry. But I don't know. I couldn't deduce her. I don't know. I'm sorry, but I don't know.”
They greet, John being completely at ease. He either does not know what Sherlock is about to do or he is welcoming the thought. If only Sherlock knew which one it is.
John never tells Sherlock he loves him. He also never tells him that he knows Sherlock loves him, too. He thinks that he is going to wait until Sherlock finally figures it out himself and is ready to establish a relationship. He thinks they will have all the time in the world for Sherlock's epiphany to happen. He thinks they will have eternity to straighten it up.
Mummy goes on lecturing about the acteon tornatilis, telling me things I already know. At some point, her hand sneaks into mine. At another point, my head rests on her shoulder.
There was a set of experiments at the beginning of their friendship, like, how many organs can be stored in the fridge before John gets angry? (eight)
“That was strange,” John says, and something in his voice brings me back to the presence completely. There is this undertone I fail to identify.
“Your eyes are looking lovely,” Sherlock whispers, the most important thing to say on his mind right now. John freezes, then talks again. Soothing stream of warm timbre. Liquefied words, bathing him in security, like sunlight in the afternoon. John is his home. Sherlock reaches out for him, catching him by his arm, clings to it with force.
He falls asleep soon, and after an hour he turns around in his sleep, facing me. This is the first time I really observe. There are dark circles underneath his eyes. Wrinkles on his face that were not there two weeks ago. The broken nose is already healing, and it will remain slightly crooked. He is pale.
Mycroft is on his way to become an idiotic adult, too. Daddy says that's normal at his age and that I should keep in mind that inside he is still the same. So, dear future self, just in case you forgot: Mycroft is the best big brother in the world. If he behaves idiotic, take him to your secret hiding place and share your next hot chocolate with him. That should help.
Dratted Internet. John found out that I've only written the names of famous serial killers on my list. Have to paint hearts and Christmas trees and little garlands on all fifty-eight cards he wrote now or will not be kissed until Christmas Eve.
“You really should talk to this horrible woman at the supermarket,” Mummy fusses one day when she comes home from shopping. “She is always so impolite. If something bad happens to her because you talked, it won't be a great loss.”
Dear future self,
“You cannot imagine how lonely I've been without you. Or how lovesick,” Sherlock confesses then, quietly, and John's heart swells. Well, not only his heart to be true but he is only human, after all.
Pressing send, he briefly wondered if he should have encoded the message, but then they had agreed not to, at least not the first one. At this very moment, the other mobile was still lying in a safe deposit box somewhere in Berne, and this message should be deleted as soon as possible after being read. For the first time since the whole insanity had started, John felt some of the tension slipping from his shoulders. He was still alive. No assassin had shot him so far. That was good.
After a while, she sends Big Boy away, telling him she wants to enjoy the endgame alone.
Without Sherlock, John finally feels middle-aged. If not medieval. He barely manages to look into the mirror without thinking about how old he feels. So much older than last year.
On Christmas Day I am lying in my bed, wide awake long before Emmi even stirs. She will wake up soon, and then I will take her downstairs where the presents will be waiting for her. This thought makes my heart clench inside my chest, because if we are perfectly honest, it should be John who brings her downstairs.
A perfect moment. Absolutely perfect.
I hate when John is right about me.
He suppressed a sigh and looked down at Deborah, who was very close to falling asleep in his arms. There was a content smile on her face, and that alone should be enough to make the day perfect, right? His daughter was six months old now, and content smiling was a relatively new achievement.
Tomorrow.
We barely ever use words during sex, and when something is said, it must be of immense importance. We survived.
John felt his control of the game slip through his fingers when Moran's revelation hit him by surprise. He needed to regain it at all cost. His mind was racing. What would he bring up for the last two fingers? What else might Sherlock be hiding from him? And he couldn't allow Moran to find out he was thinking about it. He needed to appear reacting, not acting. What had Moran's last question been?
She looks at me and starts to giggle. Her little arms are flapping in delight. (Both giggling and arm-flapping are new achievements. She looks wonderful that way.) Daddy is barely able to hold her and she somehow squirms her way into my arms. (A miracle that we do not drop her in the process.)
Then she turns to me. She looks at me for a long time. “Well,” she finally says, “I must admit that I'm impressed. Never thought you could really shut up for so long.” There is something feral in her smile when she goes on, “Let's find out how good you really are.”
Takes one more step towards her coat. “Do you really think I don't know that you have always loved him more than me?”
There is traffic noise and the cab is taking my parents away and people nearly walking into us and Emmi watching the pigeons with interest and the memory of “He’s straightened the knocker.” and “Ah, Mr Holmes.” “Sherlock, please.” and we really should go inside now.
Postcard Days
Mycroft watched Sebastian's torture techniques with a certain professional interest. His timing was admirable, but the choice of topics for the psychological part of it was dilettantish. At least if the young man was only aiming at breaking John. The effect his words had on Sherlock were a completely different matter.
Pezzutto shrunk a little, but bravely ventured on: “Well, he shot Adigi in the head...” “Without making Adigi turn around at the sound of someone entering his room through the window? Without leaving gunshot residues?” The Carabinieri's eyes started to blink rapidly.
Then, one day, the problem finds a way up onto the surface. It is an unusually sunny day, early spring is in the air. We decided to take Emmi for a walk along the southern tip of Amrum.
He wakes with a start, looks at me and relaxes a little. “Hey, sleeping beauty” he says, aiming for light-heartedness, but sounding tired and exhausted instead. “Don't try to speak, you are still intubated. See?” He takes my hand and places my fingers on the tube, right where it enters my mouth. “Does it feel like you have to fight a resistance?”
Me letting John believe I simply didn't needed him in Soo Lin's flat instead of admitting I was nearly being strangled to death.
He has to stop himself from smiling when they talk to the victim's sister-in-law slash potential murderer. The greenhouse they find her in is hot and humid, and the local police are all hush-hush about Sherlock's involvement but it is more fun than anything John has done in years. He did not know that he could still enjoy things that immensely.
2. "Sherlock. It is ... good to hear your voice."
“There is a really interesting thing MI6 is currently working on for me. You really should consider -” Suddenly he stops in mid-sentence. Looks at me in surprise and tumbles towards me. I don't understand what is happening, but my mind sends me into the mind palace for the fraction of a second, analysing.
John squeezed back, and that was the most reassuring thing of it all. John was here. No matter what had happened and where they were, John was here. With a huge wave of relief Sherlock let go, slipped back to sleep. The last thing he perceived was the smell of John's after shave.
But there is more he wants to tell me (I deduce from the look on his face). Unpleasant things I will not want to hear. We remain silent for a while. Without a word he takes an envelope out of his pocket.
Once on track with parenting, we both grab the chance to escape the reality of surviving flight SC-304 by talking about Rosie. We still need to find some afternoon activity where she can get all that energy out of her system for at least a day or so, and we still need to teach her patience.
How can Sherlock Holmes save John Watson?
Yes. I first came here in my mind palace when Redbeard died. Without that garden I would not have made it through rehab once.
After a while John looks at me. His eyes are suspiciously watery but he is keeping his countenance (with some difficulties). He stands up and for a second I think he is going to hug me. But instead he picks up a present and brings it to me.
* * *
Does he notice my increasing heartbeat on the monitor? If he does, he does not show any reaction. He takes a deep breath (once more) and says, “Sherlock, I love you. With all my heart. I want you, and I need you in my life. And I know how my life would be without you. Been there, and don't want to go there ever again. I want all the big emotions you can give, you drama queen, and I want all the little things. I want to wake up with you and take care for you when you catch a cold and be annoyed with you when the kitchen is a mess. I love you so much I even dare to be somehow related to Mycroft from now on.”
“May I introduce you to Big Boy,” she smiles and Big Boy grunts. (Apparently not allowed to speak. Not an ally then. A minion.)
John kisses me, crawls out of bed and goes to her room to pick her up. I go into the kitchen to make coffee. When they come to join me, my heart makes a funny little jump inside my chest. It is almost unbearable how much I love them.
(better)
I cannot bring myself to say goodbye just yet, so I chat about a story Mycroft told me when I was young. Then we talk about my “undercover work in Eastern Europe” as if John would not know about it just to make sure that Mycroft's cover works (I owe that to him for trying to safe me all those years. Plus it gives me another stolen minute in John's company.) I bravely lie about the suicide aspect of it, just to make sure, leaving it with an uncertain but fake “Who knows”.
There is a cramp inside my throat. I want to talk to him, I want to tell him that everything will be all right and that I have him, but all of a sudden I cannot find the words. Instead, there is a horrible scream, coming from somewhere nearby. Sounds like a wounded animal. We are alone in the garden, so I guess it must be me.
Leaving the hospital takes us nearly two hours, and the fact that I could not tell how long it took us exactly afterwards slightly bothers me. There are two seats booked for us on every train leaving for London, so it does not matter anyway.
My brain starts working again, briefly. The bus was driving with a speed of 32 miles. It would have hit me right into my left side. I myself was moving with about 6 miles, so the impact would have smashed my head before my body would have been slung onto the other lane. Traffic on that lane: high. Chance of survival: zero.
And with his feelings slowly coming back to normal, John must admit that he still has feelings for Sherlock. It might no longer be a passion that is burning red-hot, leaving him with the wish to tumble to the ground while giving Sherlock the rough treatment he hopefully longs for deep inside.
“Mary” I say, my voice raw and weak. Two syllables nearly too much for my weak state. Prepare to explain, no matter how exhausting. No matter how painful for him.
The hotel Sherlock booked is expensive and elegant, and the hospitality of its employees is breathtaking. John has to remind himself that they are not there for a holiday. Well, only that somehow they are, for it is the first real case John helps Sherlock with after his return, and it does feel like holidays, even though it should be work.
“I have collected reports from several agents. I am sorry to tell you but it seems that your sister has died from alcohol poisoning in a club three days ago.” I watch John's face run through more emotions than I can identify. (Painful.)
The only pity is that, unlike before his hiatus, Sherlock has been considerate enough to book two single rooms. John wonders what it says about his engagement that he regrets not sharing a room with Sherlock. Nobody mistakes them for a couple or even husbands. Nothing an engaged man should be sorry about, right?
"I am happy to hear you talking again. I really am," he finally says. Another (painful) moment of silence. Then, "But I can't talk to you. I'm sorry."
Sherlock avoids company. Not only to remain unseen, but also because he cannot stop himself from comparing every single person he meets to John. Everyone looks cheap compared to him.
I feel like walking through cotton wool by now. My senses are numb, my face hurts, the cast is an artificial intruder. When I finally find John, he is sound asleep. It is stupid of me to feel betrayed. Yet, I want to cry like a lost child.
The pain he felt in his chest now was much worse than the one Mary had caused when she shot him one year ago.
Mary grinned at him triumphantly, thanked the guard for his help, offered him more sex in the future should he be of assistance again, and gently stroked John's cheek.
(medical team, orders helicopter for transport, Stockholm or Rotterdam)
Then I cannot help but imagine him sitting in Scotland, alone. With no one to protect, no reason to feel useful, no need to be helpful. How did he survive? The answer he gave me yesterday was not enough. So when Emmi takes her afternoon nap, I pluck up courage and ask him.
I place my chin on his head, carefully avoiding touching his nose with my chest, and close my eyes. His breath tickles my skin, and I fall asleep within seconds.
(Eighteen minutes from 221b Baker Street via Albert Road, nineteen minutes via Marylebone Street. Heavy road work on Marylebone, Albert Road should be preferred.)
“I am sorry, John,” I repeat. He nods. Wants to say more but doesn't. Nods again.
22nd December
John nodded once more. “She fooled us all,” he offered, knowing it was no consolation at all, neither for Mycroft, nor for Sherlock and himself. Not knowing what else to say, John placed his hand on Mycroft's shoulder for a second, then turned around and left the house without looking back.
The loneliness had almost killed me. John was there, only four point eight meters away from me, and yet so completely out of reach. He was sleeping in his (their) bed while I was drowning on his sofa.
“Sherlock,” John tried to be noticed, but failed. His friend seemed to be completely out of reach now, still moving through the hotel room like a mad bouncy ball, talking to himself in sheer desperation. The pile on the table grew and grew. “Sherlock,” John tried again, only to be ignored again.
www.wilko.com
Well, here we go again. This is beginning to be kind of a series of stand-alone stories. They will all be Johnlock, all dedicated to word lists where all words start with the same letter.
But she has a point, so when I come home, feeling tired out and battered already, I place it on the table. John looks at it for a long time. “Why?” he asks then. “We already know more than enough about her.”
http://www.etymonline.com
When he returns, fully clothed and with damp hair, Mycroft is still there, and Sherlock looks like he is suffering from toothache. “Perhaps you can talk some sense into my little brother,” Mycroft says, and John instantly doubts that, even without knowing what it is about.
When I am done with Mary I watch Big Boy's corpse. It was lying on the floor of the living room when John brought me upstairs. (Very easy to deduce.) John had taken a piece of firewood (stapled right next to the cellar door) and hit him on the head (the way his skull was deformed) nine times. The first one (the way his legs were sprawled out) had sent him down, the second one (the way he   must have flailed his arms the second he died) killed him. John (being a soldier and a doctor) knew it instantly and (blood even on the ceiling) kept on smashing the wood down on his broken skull (hot boiling rage) seven more times.
(Rain is falling, soaking my hair, soaking my shoes.)
And we are both unhurt. But the bullet hit flesh and bones, judging from the terrible sound right after the gun shot. I look back at her and see her sinking to the ground. His glance follows mine. She is dead already, judging from the spray pattern of blood and brain mass on the bookshelf. But her body convulses, and being the best and wisest and kindest man he is, he takes her into his arms and speaks softly to her until her body finally stills.
We always have to take little breaks because John is downright exhausted. His eyes are blood-shot and his movements stiff. That is not just the result of the long journey yesterday. John has been exhausted, utterly so, for a long time now.
He started to feel tired. A dreadful feeling. Because sleep meant nightmares. He had dreamt of John dying each and every time he had fallen asleep after waking up from coma, and something told him that tonight, it would happen again.
Which row were we sitting in? I can't remember. I don't know where to look for John.
“Funny thing is that she has really been nearly sober for a while now. Managed to have only one or two beers when going out. Yet, when she started feeling ill, everybody blamed her drinking habit.”
14. He enjoys being loyal. Create situations for him to stand by your side, e.g. start a minor fight with your parents. Even better when fighting over something when you are wrong. He will protect you anyway and feel heroic about it.
Would it have changed things if John had known that Sherlock hadn't known? Yes. He could have told Sherlock and … No. He wouldn't have done that. Not after the wedding. But before. Before Sherlock had jumped into his non-death. All this time John had thought that Sherlock had ignored his stares on purpose.
(needs to relax now, tired, deserves rest)
“Sherlock, you practically invited over the mafia for some lambasting because you thought there was a lack of serious danger in my life. Only one week after I nearly got boiled in hot latex. I don't care that you have learnt a lot already, that is a definite NO.”
Mary regarded him carefully, and John did his best to look absolutely innocent. Then she smiled. “See you at dinner then, love,” she said, pecked his cheek and left.
It is a good sign, I try to tell myself. It shows that John's mind is trying to come to terms with what happened to us. Yet, they are shaking me to the core.
And then time stands still for a while, as Sherlock remains down on the ground, his body strangely twisted, and does not move and does not attempt to move and still does not move while John fires without thinking, taking down one of the criminals or the other, he no longer cares, and Sherlock still does not move, and the rest of the gang runs away and OMG Sherlock still does not move and how can John shoot and how can the criminals run away while time stands still?
It is more like the wish to ruffle Sherlock's hair, to hold him and to tell him everything would be all right again soon.
Later, when they are home, Sherlock claims to be ill. He curls up on the sofa and demands attention and care. Mrs Hudson huffs at him, telling him that he should rather take care for poor John who nearly died today.
A visit from Harry in March had proved to be even more embarrassing. John had always made a huge fuss over not touching anything in Sherlock's bedroom, and so the otherwise neat room was left with an unmade bed. Searching for a book she had once given to her brother's flatmate, Harry saw the bed and was almost moved to tears.
(putting me in the more insecure position, a predictable power play, so are the two gunmen sitting on the tables to the right and to the left, guns hidden underneath shirts, one of them always able to aim at me)
I need to know what Mary is up to. Need to think, but can't. Need to...
“Amrum is no wasteland,” I snap, sharper than I intended. John cocks his head in silent understanding, so I go on (softer than intended), “And yes, I do care for the sailors. Their relatives must feel like my parents would have.”
Sorry for the delay. And the biggest thanks to my betas who told me twice that something was still missing in this chapter even though I was impatient already. You helped me making it a lot better.
Entering the prison is easy. We are expected, apparently ... and well-known. We are ushered into a hallway. Mary is taken into the delivery ward. John instinctively follows, but the curses Mary shouts at him make it abundantly clear that he is not wanted.
“Go on, you haven't said a word about my face.” he prompts then. I take a closer look. His forehead, his eyes, his lips. Then I see what he is leading me to.
“Absolutely. And as you've never been here before, it's imperative that we enhance your poor education by visiting at least a few of the more important sights.”
But when I take it into my hand, all colours around me turn to red. The same deep red I have seen dripping out of Magnussen's temple. My heartbeat speeds up, and (again) I feel like I cannot breathe. I want to fire the gun, but my hands are sweating and my pulse is erratic and my vision is blurring and something horrible will happen when I pull the trigger.
I spend some time looking out of the window, extrapolating tomorrow's weather. (Sunny at first, cloudy in the afternoon. Still too warm for December.)
Outside the room, there is too much space to worry. What if it is not just a concussion? What if John is hurt worse and nobody realised it so far? What if he collapses just now that I am outside the room? What if there is a huge clot of blood in his brain already and he convulses and they hurry me back in but he has died already within seconds and when I reach him he is -
Then John is looming over him larger than life, touching his face, raising Sherlock's head so their eyes can lock. Talking, incomprehensible words. Doing something to Sherlock's belly. Darkness closing in from the rims of his vision. John face, always so expressive. Now: concerned, scared, guilty, compassionate, determined. Eyes wide open in fear.
(close to losing consciousness any moment now, eyelids fluttering, face pale, left hand slowly letting go of the shirt, descending onto his chest, should stop holding on now)
Yes, I wrote that because I knew you would read the letter eventually, little brother! Shame on you. But as you are intruding my private sphere now anyway, you might as well read this:
Later, a psychologist comes to see us. She tries to talk to me. It only takes five minutes until I am soaked in sweat. John drives her away.
I see Little Sherlock hiding right here in the backyard. Watching Daddy leaving every day to talk to Mummy. Returning every day, still feeling guilty and sad. Little Sherlock is sitting on the bench all day, crying. Mycroft, twelve at that time, is staying with him. Trying to tell him it wasn't his fault. (Not really. Somehow.) Stroking his back. Comforting him.
But Sherlock is still even more headstrong than John, and he simply invites him again and again, until one day John finally stops fidgeting and feels comfortable again. Time might not heal all wounds, but it should heal some.
I have to take a deep breath. (And blink away something that cannot possibly be a tear.) More than ever before do I wish Mycroft were here. There is something painful about thinking that we will never have the opportunity to have that hot chocolate together. It would have been sorely needed.
“You know, John,” I say without looking away from her, “if you go now, you will be finished before the doctor will see us.” He knows that I want him out of the waiting room, and obediently goes to the toilet. She knows that he knows and watches me expectantly.
Part 1 "Fifteen Days"
When I nod, he places his hand on my shoulder. We remain standing like this for more than an hour before going in again, freezing but strangely fulfilled.
7. When you cannot avoid playing board games with him, do not play by the rules. Bend them. He will complain, but he will adore you for it as well, if rule bending is done in an intellectually appealing way.
John only nodded, not daring to destroy the rare openness by talking. “It took me five victims to even consider Sebastian could be the murderer. The corpses were manipulated so the time of death was determined wrong, always leading to a time of death when he had been with me. His methods were varying, cooling them down, heating them up, including maggots before any would develop naturally ... He was brilliant.” His eyes seemed to be lost in the past, not noticing John at all. For a while, they both kept the silence.
“I knew you would come,” John mumbled, and Sherlock just nodded.
Blood. More than a litre, his sluggish mind offers, unable to pinpoint the exact amount. His head hurts, he is thirsty. Where is John?
John interrupts me again, this time involuntarily. He makes a painful noise, something between a howl and a whimper. His arms fall down limply. Then he grabs me by my sleeves again. “You. Would. Be dead.” he repeats.
I am leaning over him now, fixing him onto his back by holding his hands over his head. (Good thing his hands are so small, I can hold both of them with my right hand while leaning on my left elbow). I am enjoying to have the upper hand for the moment but here is mischief in his eyes already. When I move my head down to kiss him, he starts to nibble at my ear, then he sucks at my throat. God I want this man. For a second I am distracted with the burning feeling in my lower body, and he takes advantage of that immediately. He gently frees one of his hands, lets it caress my arm, then my side, my bottom, and then his hand slides towards my balls, -
John fights it, so hard, but to no avail. His body that has been trembling before starts to convulse. Sherlock wants nothing more than to close his eyes, to look away but he won't. John's eyes are still fixed on him. The horrible sound slowly changes, becoming a soft, high-pitched moan. The convulsions slowly die. John's eyes lose focus, then fix on Sherlock again, then lose focus once more.
Sherlock is overexcited, and John knows that it is not a good sign. There have only been 4 minutes between skipping through the folders Lestrade sent them and sitting in a cab. That alone is seldom a good omen. The fact that Sherlock is happily grinning while explaining everything to John is ominous.
How can he not notice the eerie look on John's face when he thinks that Sherlock has caught him wondering about the peculiar colour of Sherlock's eyes? How can he not notice why John never minds him violating his private space? How can he not notice John is finding excuses to touch?
I want to tell her that the cheating is necessary to protect John, that GraceNotEmilia will be better off with us than with her murderous mother. But the words get caught in my throat. But that does not mean she is right. She is not right. No no no.
“Listen to yourself, John. You are being ridiculous,” Sherlock huffs, and John feels him moving their hands. In vain. The leather jacket is rubbed against the leotard that should have been John's cover had they only been a bit faster. At least he is wearing something comfortable.
The following days turn out to be a strange mixture of boredom and domesticity and fear and relief. Sherlock tries to entertain John with stories he made up but pretends to be true, like the anecdote about the absent-minded archbishop who got killed in a rather spectacular accident while chiming the dome bells with an axe in his hand.
“See, Sherlock,” she says, “I will stop as soon as you feel like it's enough. All you have to do is tell me to stop.”
“Not now,” I answer. He nods and presses my face against his chest once more. He sighs but only when he thinks I am asleep again.
“How are you doing that?” I ask him before thinking.
With their luggage being picked up at the airport by the hotel, they were able to take the train to Roma Termini without delay, and only when they got out there at Rome's main station John fully realised that they were in Italy. Not only due to the sunshine and the summer-like temperatures, so unlike London that time of the year. It was like an explosion of noise and people and smell, such a huge contrast to all these months John had spent caught up in his daily faked mourning routine. He didn't know where to look first, what to take in, what to blank out, his senses nearly completely overwhelmed, his brain trying to cope with the fact that he didn't understand a single word of all the exciting chatter around him. It was fantastic.
“I love you, too,” he whispers. Then he holds me tight and the world is perfect for a while.
He remembers the street, the blood and the empty eyes. He remembers the wrist with no pulse. He remembers being taken to hospital. He remembers medication against his will. He remembers Harry, holding him while he was mumbling incoherent sentences. Most of all, he remembers the pain.
Mary makes a big fuss about serving the soup for me in a dog's feeding bowl. She places it in front of me, pets my head and tells me to eat. Such a blunt attempt at humiliating me. It wouldn't even work if I were less hungry. She tells me I could eat with John at the table if I only told her that I'd want to. What a meticulous attempt to draw me out.
Sherlock thinks that he will need a lifetime to fully understand John. He considers taking him as his lawful husband, just to make sure he will get all the time he needs. Sherlock also thinks he never wants to fully understand John.
You need to tell him, his brain urges Sherlock. You need to tell him you love him as long as he can still hear you. He gets dizzy with horror.
I want to wait before mentioning the flash drive again until I am sure that John is happier in our relationship than he has been in his marriage. “Prepare to wait a long, long time,” my inner Mary whispers into my ear in September, when I forget to concentrate on willing her away during my physiotherapy.
Am I giving us away right now with my (childish stupid dangerous total) panic?
I feel my body relaxing, and his, too.
“You didn't hear a word I said, did you?” John asked, more amused than offended, and Sherlock could do only so much as shaking his head. There was still a strange lump in his throat that silenced him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I ...” Sherlock tried between kisses but didn't get much further.
In reality, Sherlock sighed. They did not need more words. They have been talking for years now. And so Sherlock took a deep breath, stepped closer to John, leaned down to him, and let his lips linger just inches away from John's for a moment before finally, finally kissing him.
He had no idea where those lines came from but had the vague suspicion that his mind was quoting Wikipedia. He grunted disdainfully.
And when the subtle signs could possibly indicate that he and John will not be together forever, this feeling turns into terror.
Damn. This was not at all what he had wanted to say. When Sherlock didn't answer, John looked up and saw that he stared at some undefined spot in front of him, not moving. Only the rapid blinking of his eyes told John that there was some kind of thought process going on. John mentally kicked himself. He had never intended for that to be said.
The whip hits him again and again and again and again and again. John's skin is broken by now.
I try and erect my body a little more so I can look down at her. “Yes,” I answer (still a bit out of breath), “please stop.” I am sure that I am barely hiding my smug grin.
What an interesting choice of words, I think. I used the last six sleepless nights to contemplate the whole thing and finally understood yesterday that I have been used. For my own good, I have to admit, but still.
There is an unbearable triumph in Mary's voice now. It leaves me so sick that I want to puke. “He could have saved her life, you know? Had he called the ambulance, she would still be alive now. But instead, he brought her to the toilet. She nearly collapsed twice on the way there. Cried. Begged him to get help. But of course, he thought she had hit the bottom once more.”
Mycroft just smiled at him. It was an arrogant, smug smile but the worst part of it was that there was honest pity and understanding in it. Mycroft having pity on him was even worse than Mycroft trying to control his life or Mycroft being the clever one.
I start another attempt to watch the full report on the crash. It has just started from the beginning. 64 victims, left engine malfunctioning, right engine turned off, co-pilot died in hospital an hour ago. Cut to the good men of the AAIB investigating, some shots of the wreck. Semi-famous survivors. The airline has a hotline. Then the report starts again. 64 victims, left engine malfunctioning, …
Three days later, there are names on four of the crosses.
What a wonderful kiss it was! Slow and gentle and completely perfect.
I look down on Emilia again. She is so small and innocent. How are we supposed to protect her from her mother? How am I going to protect everyone? And who will protect me? And will John blame himself if he fails?
His hand on my neck. “I need to handle Big Boy before he gets suspicious,” John explains. “Can I leave you here for a moment?”
Warnings for character deaths I am not sorry for. ;-) Suicidal thoughts, violence.
I feel myself frown too. (The good about frowning is that John thinks it looks endearing. The bad thing is that I feel like an idiot.)
“Sherlock, you all right?” That's John for you. Captured and tied up by his murderous ex-wife, but mainly concerned about my well-being. Good question though. Am I all right? I don't feel pain, only the cold emanating from the floor. I am able to think clearly.
“Do you really think you can heal here, going on like that?” Mycroft implores. “What if John does really come back one day? He should not find you like this, right?”
(Can't help but feel fond of her, even though I am sure that I better not ask how she convinced him.)
I am sure he would like the small freshwater lake in the dunes because it is such a peculiar thing to have a lake right beside the ocean. He would dislike the lighthouse because it is such a cliché. He would love the trail through the dunes because of the smile on my face when I get lost in the strangely calming atmosphere. He would love the sound the wind makes in the dunes, when it gently blows through marram grass, carrying sand along that gets into every piece of your clothing.
I can hold my breath for nearly two minutes More than enough time to consider what to do. Mary will stick to the scenario as before. I will endure the dipping as long as I can and then give in, asking her to stop (if Big Boy does not accidentally drown me before, which is not unlikely). She will hurt John afterwards.
Never expected him to love me (me!) in return anyway. Would have been satisfied with living next to him, having unlimited access to looking at him (secretly), smelling him, making him laugh, making him look at me the way only he does. Now, I need to be satisfied with limited access to all of that. Still better than nothing (I presume).
I know that he is not just referring to me sitting here on that bench. He means the last months as well. “Yes,” I simply answer to both.
She nods to Big Boy, who unchains me quickly. Then he pulls me to my knees and holds me in place. (And he enjoys touching my body just a little bit too much.) Mary steps in front of me and takes a little black object out of her pocket. A taser.
In the morning, he always has breakfast with us, sometimes at home, sometimes at a café. He obediently eats and gains weight.
“Look at me,” he whispers. There is pressure on my cock now, and release, and pressure again, a slowly pulsating rhythm. God.
My need to regain control is almost physical. I (almost) throw him onto his back, shut out my brain and get into action again.
Now I am confused. What a strange question. We stopped travelling there when I grew too old for family holidays, but as far as I know, the house still exists,, most likely still belongs to my parents even, and so does the backyard.
Banned from Harvey Nichols. Apparently parents don't appreciate strangers telling their six year old daughter about the true meaning of Christmas (Roman Saturnalia, killing an innocent person at random as a scapegoat, and so on).
“Leave,” Sherlock snarled, knowing that it would have little to no effect on his brother. It felt good, anyway.
I take the pen and want to start, but my hand somehow gets stuck right above the paper. Because down at the core of it, isn't writing just like speaking? Would it be cheating if I wrote down something?
(Well, there is a way but would sending a message in Morse code equal speaking in Mary's little game? Again, I decide to err on the side of safety.)
(I shouldn't but it would stop all these terrible thoughts going round and round but I shouldn't John wouldn't approve of it I shouldn't have called him he´s worrying now but there's nothing he can do so why did I call him at all maybe I should take it just to stop thinking for a while no)
“This place is why I came here,” I tell John when I embrace him while he is standing in front of me, leaning against my chest with his back, and his shoulders finally relaxing again. “For many years this has been my safe haven inside my mind palace. I couldn't access it after the cellar, so I needed to come here.”
For a while, both men remained silent. Then Sherlock looked up, utterly confused, and asked, “Who else did she shoot lately?”
But John would not allow that. The moment Sherlock moved back John's arms were around him suddenly, pulling him closer, turning that chaste first kiss into something wilder, something coming from the very depth of John's soul, taking Sherlock's breath away and causing him to sway.
Tons of love for GoSherlocked for her continuing work as beta! I am so happy you are still with me!
Special thanks to Davina for beta-ing all of it, sometmes twice, with endless patient, and to those I've already thanked personally for support, praise and encouragement!
(See the end of the chapter for
During their trip home Sherlock complains about the tardiness of the London Tube, how people are tempting targets for thieves when keeping their wallets in their pockets like that, insults a few strangers with his deductions – in short, business as usual.
Been at a similar point of her life five years ago. Settled down with a nice, ordinary man. Got pregnant. Relationship didn't work out, he left her when she was into her sixth month. Two days later she had an accident at home, lost the child. Her description of the accident did not match all her injuries, but doctors blamed it on the shock of losing her unborn child.
John shifts his back a little. His back hurts from sitting on the ground for more than one hour now and he fears that the left-sided lumbago he had last year could be coming back. Sherlock instantly moves accordingly, stretches and twists a little, and within seconds John's back is better. His heart melts along with the pain in his back.
I spend the day alone on the beach. The harsh November wind is blowing into my face. I only return in time to welcome Daddy because I am cold and miserable when night falls. Have I eaten something? Not sure. Anyway.
There is movement behind me, steps on the kitchen floor, the door opening. My father. Comes closer and places his (warm, soft) hand on my shoulder. “I always volunteered to do the night feeding,” he says, his voice low and a bit rough, his mind years away in the past.
“Why was I spared?” I wonder, instantly regretting it, because John nearly breaks into tears as well. We hold onto each other like we are drowning, me naked, him still fully clothed, underneath the running shower.
I look up at him. “Hey, are you with me?”, he asks. So much sadness in his voice.
Further note: I have the best betas in the world. <3
Afterwards, when John had taken over the baby, Sherlock had really really tried to be good friends with Mary. As always. Not easy, that one, but he was getting better and better at pretending.
The shaking of his shoulders changes. He is giggling now, even though the tears are still streaming down his face. “No, you won't, you git,” he says against my chest. “You will keep on running into disaster head over heels. But it's okay as long as you allow me to follow.”
I cannot stand to think about the emotional implications any longer. So I do the only thing I really know how to do. I go inside my mind palace (Baker Street, living room) to deduce him. (Replay his lines, one by one.)
At working place three there is Benjamin Jesterton. Former business partner, ended the liaison when it turned out that they were aiming at different goals. “I never wanted to have much to do with the family business,” Janine explains, “only needed the Blue Book to get a good head start with the con artist thingy, and to keep some of the big fish at bay.”
“Remember when I asked you to apply my methods? I'll take it back. Don't use them.” Sherlock huffed. But there was more to his expression than sulking. Something John really, really didn't like. Was it shame? Impossible. But then ...
"And yet, I am well experienced. Which only shows how old you are, Mr. Holmes", the doctor answered without batting an eye. Then he stretched out his hand. "Dr. Benjamin Davies, I'll be your attending physician for the next weeks."
When Mary finally stops and turns around, she is panting, and tears are running down her face. “Why are you forcing me to do this?” she asks me accusingly.
Unacceptable.
The look on John's face made him regret the question instantly. “She did not make it,” John said quietly. “She got hit on the right temple with a blunt object, the coroner said. When she collapsed, she must have also hit her head on the desk. Both hits have caused cerebral haemorrhages. They put her in a coma but she died three days later without ever waking up again.”
A time of politeness (Sherlock never considered giggling at crime scenes impolite before, but then he barely ever giggled pre-John at all) and a time of simplicity (how could Sherlock have known that sitting in the living room together, without talking, just reading or researching or writing their blogs or watching telly could be perfection?).
Think of all the things I should have said when there was still time.
In his dream, Sherlock is sitting at Angelo's, waiting for John. Keep in mind it's a dream, he tells himself desperately. At the moment, he feels happy and nervous, a good kind of nervous but he knows it is a dream and all his dreams turn into devastating nightmares currently.
He had fooled the enemy. Now he must find out if he had also been able to fool the friends.
He does not withdraw his hand (a good sign). Instead, he is looking at our hands for an eternity before he asks, “Like what?” (I hate how small his voice sounds.)
I smile and cross the threshold. Soon Mrs Hudson will shower us with care before we will be alone on the stairs. We will go upstairs and be welcomed by the smell of home. We will need time to erase the painful memories of giving up and smashing violins and heartbreak. It will take a while but in the end we will replace them with memories of the first client we will accept again and sex on the kitchen table for the first time and scaring Emmi's first boyfriend away by deducing he smoked weed just an hour ago.
And with him John.
On a certain level it is quite interesting how your hormones don't stop going wild when you are hopeless. All Sherlock has to do is think about John, and his feelings are doing handstands on high-rises, even though he knows it is futile.
We went on what John called a goodbye stroll the day before, with Emmi in her pushing chair, visiting some places he wants to keep in his memory.
Just when I decide to stop trying, the mobile rings. I look at the display uncomprehendingly for a few seconds. “Mike Stamford”, the letters on the screen tell me. When I answer the call, it is Stella's voice that is coming out.
“Talking about the lack of trust, that must be the reason why he never told you Irene Adler is still alive.” John's eyes widened in surprise. But... “Oh, you didn't know. Funny.” He must have been lying. The woman was dead. Mycroft had told him. Unless... “Sherlock went to Karachi and saved her life. Why didn't he tell you?”
Family members. Damn. I never paid a single thought to the fact that there might be people worrying about us! Stupid, stupid me.
Mary must have been busy watching me because he was able to take her by surprise. (I recollect a sound and then her first scream.) He pushed her and got up at the same time. She fell backwards, her head hitting the ground.
It was a wonderful day, warm and sunny, and even though the place was crowded with tourists the atmosphere was calm and easy. The women were dressed lightly. He really liked Italy, he decided. Every now and then could he hear some sentences in English, mostly people complaining about not being allowed inside the Pantheon for two days in a row. Probably Mycroft's doing.
“Mary,” John started again, and Sherlock could literally see something snapping inside of her.
When we get out of the cab I tell myself to calm down. When I open the door, I tell myself to conceal it until John and Mary have left. When I go upstairs I tell myself to be patient. When I open the door I tell myself to hide my anger. When I enter the living room I tell myself to calm down.
How beautiful does the date have to be to convince John to go to an oboe concert with her? (a nine on a scale of ten, for oboe concerts are really boring in his opinion)
(needs rest)
I fish her out of her bed and we sit down on our arm chair. Opposed to it is the best one of all. Exactly the same picture as on the first one, the same lighthouse, the same two birds. But in colour. On its back, the first change after ten weeks, “Thank you.”
(Just to make it perfectly clear, I am not in the kitchen doing housework because I became a house husband. I am doing the dishes because I am a FATHER and there are things that NEED to be DONE. And I am perfectly willing to clarify that when my parents will return tomorrow. )
“This is unacceptable, brother,” Mycroft hissed. “Your cowardice prevents John from healing properly. Get over your childish little trauma and talk to him!”
Sherlock exchanged a quick glance with John who nodded in wordless agreement.
It is crystal clear to me now. (My deduction skills are working again. A unmistakable sign of my healing.) John was lying with his head in her lap (watching me not giving in just yet) when his bonds tore. (I recall now the way the ropes were lying on the ground). He let the ropes fall to the ground without moving much.
She smiled at him sadly, and without thinking, he patted her arm. Well, his aim was still lousy and his muscles weak from that sitting up nonsense but she got the idea and ruffled his hair in return.
Inner Mycroft was right (of course). John, my John, stubborn, sturdy, strong John is damaged. Strongly bent, if not broken. And I myself am so broken I cannot even think of a way to fix him.
Our kisses become more intense very soon. His breath is on my skin and his hands are on my arms and my chest and my back and how many arms does he have, really? His hands are soft and my skin is craving for his touch and my lips taste his sweat and then his hands slide down my hips and …
(Is he feeling any better than me? Surely. He has to feel better. But wouldn't he have contacted me if he were better? But he cannot still suffer. That thought breaks my heart even more than the thought of a John who is better but does not want to call. So he has to feel better. But why hasn't he contacted me?)
Feel the muscles on his neck to confirm something I have suspected long ago. Yes, there it is. A series of very telling little knots. “The chair in your office was a bit too high. You had to tilt your head a bit to work at your PC. It must have been uncomfortable, but you never adjusted it.”
“Don't be insulted,” I go on. “It was only better because it was ...” How do I put it? Ah, yes, “...because it was not with you.”
Yes, John considers himself to be a patient man who light-heartedly stands all the little things that would drive everyone else insane and is nothing but loyal.
“We will not be able to talk about a plan,” John goes on, “She is surely monitoring everything I say.”
My feeling of triumph is soon swept away by the pressing need to breathe. Two minutes are over and my head is still under water. I surely can go on longer. Longer. Longer.
I tell him so (probably a bit too nonchalantly) and he giggles a little. (A wonderful sound. Almost better than his moaning.) Then he sobers up again.
(See the end of the chapter for
There is a sound from downstairs, the one I am waiting for every Friday. The postman. Swing Maddie over my shoulder and go downstairs with her. Past the place where we slept on his stag night. Past the point where we laughed on our first day.
He knew that he should do something, anything. But his mind refused to work. Sheer horror was spreading through his body, through his brain, and he knew he should do something. Instead, he could only watch.
(See the end of the chapter for
For some reason, that touches me deeper than it should.
There is grim satisfaction on his face now. “Good,” he says, and after a while, he opens his mouth again to tell me something, but then decides against it.
Fair enough.
He thinks about the time when he came back from Afghanistan, and nobody saw how bad he really felt. Well, nobody except - Well, none of his old friends or family, that is. Back then, he was hurt. Now he is just glad that they leave him alone. He knows that his heart will never mend, that it is meant to never be mended again, but it is exactly how he wants it to be.
Two days after his death, Mycroft's body is autopsied. It has always been understood between us that we would attend the other's autopsy if possible, and there are orders left to allow it.
Emmi (who now understands so much more that only one month ago) instantly comes crawling back to me and stretches her arms towards me.
That hurts.
I play it by the book: lean forward, create a closeness between us that is not there in reality. (Disgusting.) Lower my voice even though we are alone in the room, “I am already working on a plan to take CAM down. My vow still applies to you, no matter what John might feel for you at the moment.”
"Good morning, John!" Sherlock said as casually as possible, as if he was not wearing an oxygen mask that muffled his words, and as if he had not woken John with a scream caused by another nightmare. John, tired exhausted John, did not buy his nonchalance for a second.
They became quiet again, and in spite of the rather serious topic John felt his eyes becoming really reluctant to stay open. His thoughts trailed off to the wonderful landscape of Umbria he didn't really had a chance to enjoy, and he had almost fallen asleep when Sherlock suddenly said: “You knew he loved me.”
But I am alive.
John smirks.
Deb suddenly started crying, and only seconds after that she had fallen asleep on John's arm. He couldn't help but smile. It was always the same. She would never fall asleep without a little fight. Just when he stood up to place her in the travel bed Sherlock had bought just for her, Mary's voice pierced through the flat.
The painful truth is that normally I would turn to Mycroft in a situation like that. I guess that only now do I begin to estimate the unbelievable extent of my loss.
John is not all right. Somehow, I have always assumed that he would heal faster than me. That he would be only waiting for me to be all right again.
I reach Maddie's room. It has stopped being “their room” at some point during the last nineteen weeks. Good or bad? I don't know. A wooden sign on the door says “Maddie's room”. Present from my parents. Don't know why I told them that I am calling it “Maddie's room” now. The parcel with the sign arrived only two days later.
I really do not know anything about plane crashes. Is it such an unusual cause of accident? It is highly unlikely that two planes in twenty years are destroyed by the same kind of mistake? Does the comparison mean anything? Or is it just an irrelevant bit of information?
Because there is no need to restore something so utterly broken. We will build something new together.
John is a different person after opening up so much. When he comes downstairs with Emmi there is a gleam in his eyes, an easiness to his steps.
“It's all right, you're safe, Sherlock,” he said, with his best soothing doctor's voice. He watched Sherlock closely, ready to jump into action should it be necessary. “You're in hospital, nobody will harm you.”
Mycroft gives me a sardonic smile. “Oh please. The most observant man in the country does not see a huge red bus right next to him?”
I envy him for missing the worst part of the crash due to his concussion.
Banned from Fortnum and Mason. This is getting ridiculous.
She watches him closely when he slowly recovers from the initial shock of phoning his former friend, and it hurts her terribly. She sees that there is enough love left for his former room mate to hit John like a rocket one day if Mary does not prevent it. And she has to prevent it, for she loves John so much more than she has ever loved anyone.
I sit down, and John subconsciously reaches for my hand. A gesture so small and circumstantial it breaks my heart and fills my soul. I don't move, don't breath, just watch him caressing the back of my hand with his thumb. Then he looks at me, a little smile on his lips. Little, but reaching his (wonderful) eyes, lightening them. Watch his tongue darting over his (wonderful) lips (unconsciously). He will kiss me in less than ten seconds. And I want it, so badly and desperately. Lean towards him, watch him close his eyes, stretch his neck, and hear him whisper, “I love your lips.”
I said "character death" and here you are... Please be warned again, it gets painful today.
Mary has many wonderful habits, but keeping her study tidy is not one of them. John searches the piles of books, sheets of papers and letters, honestly wondering why it pleases him to know that his otherwise perfect fiancée has such an obvious character flaw. Then something catches his eye.
Two more strokes of my hand and he starts to sweat. One more stroke and he is close to coming. (Apparently he has not touched himself at all.) (He is starving.) But he is John, and he always manages to surprise me. Instead of letting go, he suddenly turns around and kisses me.
“Gladly,” Nurse Jacob answered, “I am sure Dr Watson is starving.” She winked at John and left, only to return again with a proper breakfast. John gave her a polite smile and pretended to concentrate on his food while secretly watching Sherlock struggling with his.
His hand finally makes it to my face. The only contact we make. “I'm sorry.” he says. Then he is gone. Gone to spend his honeymoon with his pregnant wife.
Then something fires inside my brain, a little thought fighting its way around the horror, kicking away consternation, making me think. Three plane crashes within two weeks. The similarity to the Kegwood air disaster. The chances of catching today's flight on camera. Two crashes within two weeks are unlikely. A staged crash today. Three staged crashes?
(unpleasant, stop it, that won't happen)
Anyway. He stood in front of the wall he had used as a giant notebook when he was a child and started writing a list of reasons why John should be happy. It read:
(unpleasant!, try to block it out, underestimated the affection involved, John was right, need to reassess, unrequited love is more dangerous than disappointed friend).
A hundred questions tried to make their way out of his head. Was this the after life? Was he dead? And worse, was John dead? What the hell was going on?
She doesn't have a crush on me.
“I am not judging you two,” Janine says quietly, “but one day, John will. He is doing something WRONG, you know, and sooner or later that will catch up with him. All I'm saying is that you need to be prepared for that.”
“You worked out a lot on that ridiculous treadmill, but never went outside for proper running,” I tell him, “The medial head of your gastronemicus would be shaped in a different way if you did.” He nods in approval, but remains silent, so I go on, moving back to the upper part of his body.
Can he tell organic oranges from ordinary ones? (no, but his allergy against certain preserving agents can)
After another thirty minutes, John sent Mary a text. “Back at 221b. No longer angry. Still need some time here.” He thought about adding, “Sorry” or “Don't worry. Everything's fine.” But everything was far from being fine, and “Sorry” was too shallow for the blunder he had made.
I need to find out how far she is willing to go.
John nods and falls silent again. After a few minutes, he goes on, his voice soft and sad, “This is hard for you, isn't it?”
(he knew I didn't, only asked to make sure I don't miss the fact that he's concerned, knows that I sometimes miss those things, wants to show me we are fine, only does so after serious incidents. so it had been close last night, would him walking away have been deserved? Need to show I'm grateful he's still here).
He has turned away from me and is showing me only his back in the pale moonlight. His breath is irregular. He is trying to control it, to hide something from me, just in case I wake up.
Then he comes to again with a little jolt. He stares at me, wide-eyed and uncomprehendingly. His mouth opens and closes again and again.
He turned around. Mycroft got up and covered the distance between them with a swift move. “I am sorry!” he said, and there was nothing but sincerity and regret in his voice.
Two days later, a Sarah Hutchington moved into a nice little flat in Sydney, Australia. She had fallen in love with another man, Peter Brown, a history teacher. They settled down together and got married. Three years into their relationship Sarah became pregnant but lost the baby just two weeks before she was due.
“Where is Daddy?”
I briefly wonder if someone is going to throw us out any time soon for indecent behaviour.
I want to think about it. I want to access the Internet via John's mobile and do some research. But I can barely type the keywords to start the search. My hands are shaking and I always get distracted by one thought or the other.
It was a little miracle how their relationship had survived the shot in the chest. If anything, they seemed to get on better than ever.
Thanks to all readers, old and new, and thanks for the many comments on last chapter.
There have been times when I was isolated before, during what John calls my “hiatus” and before. It never bothered me, for my mind palace has always been a perfect hiding place. Now its colourlessness unnerves me. Every wall, every door is plastered with a poster of Magnussen's dead face. Every person I conjure is translucent.
The urge to reach out and touch him is overwhelming. When I softly stroke his cheek, he sighs in his sleep and turns away from my touch. Even in his sleep he cannot allow himself to be loved.
“When I hunted down the spider-web.” Our eyes meet for a moment, and I can see that he heard all the unspoken thoughts that came along with my simple statement. Incredible how much it encourages me to go on.
(always had a talent for stating the obvious, boring)
“John, I love you,” he repeats, crying now, rocking the dead body in his arms. He presses John's horribly lifeless face against his chest so he does no longer have to see those empty eyes and rocks him to and fro, to and fro. John's left arm makes a soft thud each time it hits the ground.
After a while, John starts to meander, like a stream. He goes on with his life, but when there is an obstacle, he simply changes his direction. He has never lived like that before and finds this newly adapted method strangely satisfying.
He tries to use John's old room as their shared bedroom in lieu of Sherlock's (No change in nightmare patterns. But had resulted in finding John's collection of Lucky Luke comic books from when he was a child. That had resulted in Sherlock being forced to make fun of him for days. That had resulted in John not making tea for Sherlock for days. Changing bedrooms is not recommended, too).
John leaned back in the semi-comfortable chair and sighed. He had really looked forward to spending a night in his own bed, even if it meant being reminded of his lying wife whenever he felt the deserted left side of the bed.
When I finally come out of my mind palace, Mummy is sitting next to me. It is late afternoon already. I blink.
“Is he here?” he hears John voice. Only now does he realise how much he missed that voice. But it  is still wrong, there is no enthusiasm in it, no tension, no anger. There is nothing in it but slight regret.
The dream is endless. The feeling of loneliness and loss intensifies with every step I take. My heart is squashed, my chest compressed by a force I fail to observe. I walk and walk and walk.
And now, the final blow. “You know, there is only one thing that keeps me from cracking completely. Do you know what it is?” One last dramatic pause. One last tear. Moran's eyes were wide with horror now. Did he see it coming? Yes, most likely, and he didn't stop John from saying it. He knew he was lost.
Mary does not realise that the hatred is directed at her. She is still smiling, clearly enjoying her own clever plot.
Mary is constantly talking to John but I don't listen. I also try to ignore the way she is touching his head, possessively and obtrusive. I concentrate on his eyes instead. Those wonderful eyes.
He instantly fell asleep.
But John grins (!). (Happily.) Nods. Steps closer and embraces me. "You concur" he giggles. Presses me closer against him. "You old romantic." Can feel his body shaking with (honest) silent laughter. He ruffles my hair (needs to tiptoe to do that) and finally, finally kisses me.
“The secret of hiding is decency” he heard Sherlock's voice from behind. “If someone was looking for us they would search for a tall dark-haired man in expensive clothing and a small blonde one in jeans and jumpers. We won't need that much of a disguise to hide.”
And then I see the flaw of her rules: There is no reason to wait with asking to stop until I am completely exhausted. I can just ask her right now, she will hurt John, and we are done for now.
To think about what he had given up for her sake. He had come back from Serbia determined to finally confess his love to John but seeing the two of them together, he had decided against it. They had seemed the perfect couple. It had been hard, yes, but he had willingly made that sacrifice to keep both of them happy.
That's what she always did. Even when John had tried to tell her that she was forgiven, one year ago, she had been bossy and arrogant instead of being grateful.
“He's claustrophobic” John tells the young doctor shortly before the CT, when Sherlock cannot overhear him giving away the consulting detective's secret. During the lumbar puncture, he holds Sherlock's hand, huffing away Sherlock's weak protests. It is not easy to tell who is hurt more by the needle that sinks into Sherlock's spine.
Acceptable.
“Are you wondering why Sherlock hasn’t found you yet?” Now, what would be the right answer to that? “You’ve said you’re hiding me where he wouldn’t look …” “You are wrong, and you know it,” Moran said softly, and without any warning gave him a violent punch right into his face. John couldn’t help but cry out in pain. Damn. Then he realised something that was worse than the pain that was building up just below his left eye. It had been the right answer, but Moran was finding excuses to hurt him. Whatever he would do or say now, it would end painfully.
Sherlock is intubated, cannot speak, cannot tell John he is fine now. Cannot tell him how sorry he is for worrying John. Cannot tell him that John needed not to worry for Sherlock will never lose the will to live, will never give up, at least not as long as John is still there. Cannot tell him how sorry he is for saying something like “Let's live for today” only an hour before running into the assault he now remembers more clearly.
The cell is austere. Bed, table, chair, shelf, barred window. Basin, behind a door the toilet. More or less. A look out of the window confirms my supposition, Her Majesty's Prison Full Sutton, York.
(looking him straight in the eye again, completely open, no pretence, no faked emotions, deliberately not leaning closer to him, would think it's manipulation, movement on John's forehead tells me that he realises that I'm promising “I won't.”)
He tried to say something
For a while, he tries to keep up the multi-tasking routine, switching from his job to tidying up the flat to taking care for Sherlock's left-overs. It keeps his heart un-empty for a few days. Then the emptiness is back, and he stops doing it.
Dear future self,
(Mrs Hudson's plate given to her by her aunt Sylvia, cinnamon rolls home-made, she knows John doesn't really like them why did she give them to him when he told her he wanted to go on holiday in Spain? She knows that I love them, but... oh, clever old woman how long was she suspecting it? John clearly did not understand that she knows)
His face works on it for a while. Does he know his face does that when he is feeling that deeply? Probably not. For a while I watch the rapidly changing expressions. Then I have to stop because all of a sudden he pulls me close and embraces me so hard that he almost strangles me.   I can feel something hot dripping down his cheek. And I can feel him nod. Feverishly.
Instead, I don't really register his hands that are trailing down my legs when he opens the ties around my ankles. I am not disgusted when he touches me, roughly and grunting. I am not embarrassed when my body reacts to his touch. I am not hurt when he starts to push so hard it feels like tearing me apart from within.
John is a doctor. He knows that is perfectly normal for an active child like her. He also knows that it is important to let her fall off of things because she has to learn how to fall. And yet, he spends most of New Year's Day holding his breath and STAYING CALM.
!’ Sherlock cried, lifting his head, his neck twisted as he tried to look at John.
‘Mm, aren’t I just?’ Sherlock mumbled, grabbing John’s face to kiss him soundly, forcing his tongue into John’s mouth.
‘Oh, I could murder one,’ Harry replied as John put the teapot on the table, along with a glass of milk for both of the children. Sherlock placed two of his cigarettes between his lips and lit both with a match, handing one to Harry when the tip glowed amber.
John laughed and pulled Sherlock down for another kiss. 'Right you are.'
‘I didn’t always have you,’ Sherlock whispered, his voice small, lost.
They moved slowly as the plane grew ever closer. The child - a boy - was too much of a burden for his mother to carry. John dragged him from her arms and shifted him onto his hip, reaching behind to grab the woman by the wrist. He began to run for the centre of the field, away from the thousand-pound bomb the Stuka was sure to have aboard. The pilot wouldn’t waste such precious cargo on a few figures picking their way through a field, not when there were villages and towns and cities left unscarred and unbroken.
‘Oh God,’ John said, blinking and swallowing, stepping away from Sherlock. ‘Oh God, he... Sherlock he saw us, he saw me... with you and...’
‘You’re over an hour late, the timings of lunch have all gone completely out of the window--’
Six, seven, eight and nine all came straight after one another, brutally hard as Sherlock writhed and rutted and whined underneath John’s hand, underneath John’s hips. He moved his mouth to say the numbers but couldn’t get any sound out. Tears sprung to his eyes as John carried on anyway, blindingly fast, ten, eleven, twelve, then more and more and more and more and more and Sherlock gave a strangled half-scream as he came, shuddering hard underneath John.
John smiled, and, as ever, followed.
'More?' Sherlock's expression was entirely too smug. 'But we could be late and that would never do--'
‘Shut up and get dressed. Harry’s here with the children.’ John turned on his heel and quickly left the room, shutting the door firmly. By the time Harry and the children had made it upstairs, John was rinsing the old leaves out of the teapot.
‘Yes, I’m quite sorry to be a burden,’ Harry muttered, her nostrils flaring as she met Sherlock’s gaze.
‘I acted thinking I was protecting him from certain ruin, but all I achieved in the end was effectively killing the one person I imagine could have been his saviour.’
you,’ Sherlock snarled, making a movement towards Mycroft. John caught hold of Sherlock’s forearm and squeezed, looking darkly at Mycroft.
‘Yes, thank you,
Nodding, Sherlock looked out onto the sunset. ‘You mustn’t ever watch me. You mustn’t ever see me weave.’
The high whistle of the kettle interrupted John’s thoughts. He moved to take it off the gas resting it on another ring whilst he heaped tea leaves into the pot.
, is it?’
‘Ooh, Sherlock, you’re in the paper again,’ Mrs Hudson said, beaming with pride and bumping her hip against Sherlock’s as she flicked the paper out to straighten it.
John walked over to where Sherlock was shining his torch at one of the beams of the cellar roof. ‘Blood?’ Sherlock asked.
‘The Nazis invaded Poland, my ribs will heal in six to eight weeks and Doctor Watson is unharmed and has remained at the scene to help.’
Both John and Sherlock turned their heads at the soft, lilting voice shaping itself around Sherlock’s name. The dark-haired man John had noticed come in a moment ago smiled widely and walked over to their table. He was immaculate in a well-cut three-piece suit, a whimsically patterned tie knotted at his throat, hat to match his clothes tucked under his arm.
The man nodded.
‘I feel slow and stupid,’ Sherlock muttered in reply, wriggling closer to John.
'What?' John murmured, moving his hips slowly, stroking the sweep of Sherlock's jaw with his thumb. 'What is it, tell me what you need.'
‘Yes you would.’ Sherlock squinted at a diagram in his book. ‘Or I would.’
‘Hmph,’ Sherlock muttered, stepping out onto the gravel and slamming the car door. Conscious of his leg, John exited the car somewhat more carefully, putting his stick down first.
‘Bare-knuckle boxing,’ John muttered, rummaging in a drawer until he found a clean dishcloth, running it under the tap and wringing it out. He laughed. ‘Only you.’
‘Ah!’ Freddie gasped, his voice cracking.
‘I stand... at your gate... and the song that I sing is of moonlight,’ Sherlock murmured into John’s ear along with the music.
‘Oh, I...’
Among the porcelain, among some talk of you and me,
‘For Sherlock?’ Moriarty laughed through his nose, smoke huffing out along with it.
‘Well?’ John pressed, turning the postcard over once more, as if it might have something different to say each time he did it.
‘Sherlock, come here--’
‘John!’ Sherlock shouted from the front door, ‘John, I can tell this is going to be a good one, come on.’
‘I’d like to leave straight after lunch,’ Sherlock replied, effectively avoiding the question, though his troubled face spoke volumes.
‘Go and swap it for a black one,’ Mycroft said, stalking forwards, dropping his voice.
A hot, stale breeze blew through the hallway.
Sherlock waved his hand in a vague farewell and continued up to his room.
‘You were horrid,’ John said, pushing the fountain and the feeling of Sherlock’s hand on the inside of his wrist to the back of his mind.
began to play.
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock muttered, striding past Alice down the corridor towards the large drawing room that led out onto the garden. John followed close behind him, stick clicking on the parquet flooring.
The snow fell slowly to the ground outside John’s back door. The sun had long since set and winter night had stolen over the small town. John’s breath spiralled up towards the starry sky as he turned to go into his house.
‘I won!’ Sherlock cried defensively, wincing as his lip began to bleed again. John pushed Sherlock into the living room none too gently, ignoring the grimace from Sherlock at the sudden pressure from his hand.
He arranged the body and left a note, unlocked the door and disappeared into the warm London night.
‘Shoulder,’ Sherlock corrected automatically. His leg pain’s psychosomatic. No worse.’
The young man staggered backwards and sank to sit on the bottom step of the narrow staircase, burying his face in his hands.
‘Please,’ Sherlock said, near soundless, mouth moving against John’s forehead, damp with perspiration. He fiddled with John’s trouser buttons for a moment before loosening two, enough to slip John’s trousers down, where they pooled at his ankles in a twisted heap. ‘Please. I love you, please, I love you.’
A light flickered down on the lawn below. Sherlock leapt off the window seat and through the front door, silhouetted by the light that poured out from the hallway as he stood at the top of the steps.
‘I nearly didn’t recognise you with all that hair round your face,’ the man said, brown eyes alight with amusement.
Both men were quiet as Sherlock drank his coffee.
It was too much. It was all too much, Sherlock was just a mass of skin and need and nerves and he couldn’t concentrate, couldn’t
‘This morning, yes. She sends her love. How’s Mycroft?’
By the time
‘If you’re going to try and hide the drugs I know you’ve stolen, don’t bother,’ Mycroft replied with a grim look on his face. ‘Although I do wonder what John would--’
‘Well there you are. Go and draw me a bath. And pass me my cigarettes.’
, wasn’t it?’
‘Sherlock,’ he said with a warm smile, straightening up and offering his hand. ‘Good to see you.’
‘I don’t suppose you could tell me where he’s stationed, could you?’
‘There’s over 300,000 men on this beach, private, you’ll have to wait your turn. Just think yourself lucky you’re not wounded. I’ve been ordered to leave the wounded behind.’
Sherlock pulled his jacket straight, using far more force than was necessary. ‘I meant what I said,’ he murmured, looking out of the window. ‘About you. I meant it, every word.’
‘I think they all are,’ John said, glancing up at Sherlock, his face concerned. ‘Uh... Mr. and Mrs Turner, this is Sherlock Holmes, Mrs Holmes’s youngest. Sherlock, Mr. and Mrs Turner, Frank’s parents.’
‘Oh, you’re a lovely thing when you’re not being difficult,’ Mrs Holmes said, patting Sherlock’s back and stepping away from him, slipping her arm through John’s. ‘Now, you really much allow me to introduce you to the children’s parents, Doctor Watson, they’re all in the garden. Come along, Sherlock! Where’s your brother?’
The title is from
‘I am merely observing--’
that John would be keeping his wrist loose so that it would be harder, quicker, that much more painful. Sherlock gasped and whimpered again but managed to keep relatively still, his fingers grasping at the bars of the headboard as he began to rock back into John’s blows.
‘Such as?’ John prompted, looking up at Sherlock. He was seated, a factory girl having given up her seat for him after noticing his walking stick. He had originally attempted to refuse, but Sherlock had forcibly pushed him to sit down and that had been the end of the matter.
‘Well, don’t.’ John stopped, his breath coming short. He pulled his tin hat off to let his head breathe and turned his face towards the sun, pushing his sweaty, dirty hair back off his face.
‘Sentimental old thing,’ John murmured, kissing Sherlock’s temple. Sherlock kissed John’s cheek.
‘You know full well.’
‘No, I don’t.’
‘You’re beyond hope, you really are.’ John took his pyjama bottoms off, smiled and bent to press his lips to Sherlock’s neck, breathing in tobacco and stale smoke and tannin as he lined himself up and breached Sherlock’s body. He swallowed Sherlock’s gasps and the quiet moan he made with another kiss.
‘Run along now,’ he said. ‘I’ve business to attend to.’
John did not write that. Instead, he wrote:
‘They’ve run away!’ she exclaimed, shaking the piece of paper.
‘I’m here, I’m here, oh thank God,’ John said, exhaling on a long sigh, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes. His chest heaved as he breathed, relieved, reaching a hand out to stroke Sherlock’s head, checking for any bleeding as he did so.
John pulls his trench cap down over his face and crowds against the earth wall to light his cigarette without the sharp breeze extinguishing the flame of his match. He breathes in a lungful of smoke and the smell brings to mind a Parisian hotel room, twisted sheets and fishskin pale, unmarred, lovely limbs and lines and curves. He remembers a tangle of curls and sharp, knowing eyes; reddened, swollen lips holding fast a cigarette.
‘It would be unlikely as there was no actual penetration involved--’ Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes at John’s incredulous look. ‘Of course I understand, of course I do!’ he said, glaring at the floor as he re-tied his bow tie.
‘I think my ribs could stand me kneeling at your feet, don’t you?’ Sherlock purred, resting his hands on John’s waist as he stood behind him, mouthing at the curve of John’s ear. John was standing at the kitchen sink, scrubbing his hands and forearms after returning from a late shift at the hospital. Sherlock’s day off had coincided with New Year and he’d decided to come down to London to surprise John after his shift had ended at at midday.
The telephone slammed down at the other end.
‘Oh, John, look at you!’ Mrs Hudson pressed a kiss to his cheek and embraced him briefly, the familiar smell of her lavender perfume rubbing off on John’s shirt collar. She held him at arm’s length and looked him up and down. ‘Much better than when I saw you last,’ she said with a pleased nod, her blue felt hat dropping a couple of inches lower.
Sherlock ignored him, inhaling from his cigarette. ‘Didn’t even prove what I wanted to prove,’ he mumbled, tapping the ash off the end of his fag into a saucer on the side of the bath.
Laughing, John stroked his hand round Sherlock’s side and onto his stomach, curling his right hand around Sherlock’s length, twisting his thumb at the same time.
‘Mmm.’ Freddie inhaled deeply from his fag and pressed close, his lips against the man’s ear as he exhaled. ‘Take me into that carsey over there, though, and I’m your bitch for tonight.’ He sucked wickedly on the man’s earlobe, brushing a hand over his crotch. ‘Got a name?’
‘Victor,’ Sherlock replied, meeting John’s eyes. ‘Victor Trevor. 1932 – the year we…’ Sherlock trailed off, his meaning implied. ‘Oxford—’
‘Not long now,’ Moriarty said, bending to ghost his lips over Freddie’s, licking at the line of black mascara that had followed a tear track down Freddie’s face. He breathed into Freddie’s mouth and grinned. ‘Not long now.’
‘We’d look the pair,’ he murmured, turning the passion flower over in his hands.
‘Shhh. You’ll wake everyone up.’ John glared at Sherlock, putting the bowl of water down on the table. ‘Hands in there. I don’t doubt for a second that you are, it’s just another...’ He found a bottle of aspirin in his bag and poured a glass of water. ‘It’s just another mad thing you... Just. Open your mouth.’
It was not gentle.
‘John,
‘Asleep in the woods,’ John replied, half-smiling as he and Sherlock stepped over the threshold.
Another tap. John groaned and swung his legs out of bed, pulling the curtains away from the window to peer down at the street below. Another small pebble hit the glass, having flown from a familiar figure’s hand. John opened the window.
‘I should’ve known you’d be concerned about the
‘Come here,’ Sherlock mumbled, undoing the button of John’s trousers and pulling the zip down with a hand that was still shaking slightly. He licked his palm as John had done and pushed it inside John’s trousers, wrapping his hand around John’s prick tightly, establishing a hard and fast rhythm that soon had John moaning into Sherlock’s neck, spilling his release over Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers.
Seated at the table, John smiled up at Sherlock and pushed a chair out for him. ‘Sit down,’ he said, reaching into Sherlock’s pocket and taking his cigarettes and lighter out.
‘And I you,’ Sherlock replied, touching John’s shoulder fleetingly. ‘Lestrade missed me too, has he?’ he asked as they began to walk towards the station’s exit in order to catch the overground from Euston Square.
‘Hullo, Jimmy,’ Sherlock said, shaking the man’s hand. ‘Uh, this is Doctor John Watson, my...’ Sherlock paused for a fraction of a second too long. ‘My friend.’ He coughed.
May, 1945.
‘I love you,’ he murmured. ‘I could never stop.’
‘I don’t even know what’s happened, I don’t understand, would somebody just bloody--’
‘I’m to report tomorrow morning. At the station. I haven’t got long.’
‘Anything else, sir?’
John slipped under the covers next to Sherlock just as the clock downstairs began to strike for midnight. Sherlock kissed him softly and shuffled closer.
‘How’s here for tea?’ Sherlock asked at about five, gesturing towards the door of the tea room he and John were next to. I can tell your leg’s had enough with you today.’
‘Go back to Barts and make sure I’ll have access to that body. And let the girl know I’ll be up to interview her this afternoon.’ He jumped halfway up the rickety staircase. ‘Come along, John!’
.’ Sherlock’s eyes were wild as he pleaded with the Inspector. ‘He’s not a -- he’s not -- he’s a
Harry smiled, one side of her mouth pulling upwards. ‘Johnny sent me a letter all about it.’ She sipped from the teacup she’d been adding something extra to from her hip flask since arriving. ‘Everything’s looking up for lucky old Johnny, eh?’ She addressed her knees when she spoke.
‘We can only hope.’ Sherlock let John go and went back over to his microscope. Sunlight shone into the often dingy room from the window, casting everything in a pleasant golden light. John picked up his leather doctor’s bag from the table and kissed Sherlock’s cheek again.
John raised an eyebrow.
‘You’re under arrest on suspicion of the rape of--’
‘Can we please get through this with as little fuss as possible?’ John asked as Sherlock pulled into the village at half past twelve.
‘And it’s not long until Easter.’
Two loud crunches sounded, one immediately after the other. The walls of Woolworth’s bowed. The building collapsed in on itself and then exploded outwards, a roaring wall of noise screaming its way towards John, who watched, transfixed and useless, utterly helpless, as Sherlock’s body was thrown high into the air, back curved in a graceful arc for a moment that seemed suspended in time until his body landed, shrapnel raining down around it, in a heap where the road had once been.
Gilchrist dozed on the sofa.
John nodded and tilted Sherlock’s head forwards again. ‘And you’re not concussed?’ He rinsed the cloth through, the water running off it brown at first.
‘Next Friday, yes. I’ll meet you at the station at ten.’
‘I would love you,’ the merman whispers, lips brushing the shell-like curve of John’s ear. ‘I would keep you safe.’
‘Shut up. Just... shut up, for once in your bloody life, Sherlock Holmes.’
‘We haven’t a choice--’
Mycroft’s thin, false laugh rang out from around the corner, followed by a donkey-like hee-haw from whoever his dinner companion was. John took a step towards the library. They’d been in the library then, too, four years ago, one evening in late September. He walked through the door and shut it, his eyes drawn towards Sherlock, who was leaning against the heavy mahogany desk, the lamp that sat on it casting his face into shadow.
‘We’re permanently undercover,’ John says in a disbelieving voice, wringing one of his wings out, a puddle forming on the floor.
Sherlock watched it go.
‘When John... when he... did it hurt?’
Hand on the cellar doorknob, Sherlock sighed, caught out. He turned to face Mycroft after a pause, his expression dark.
‘Yes, I must,’ John replied, squeezing Sherlock’s arms. He kissed Sherlock’s lips. ‘Always busy, these days.’
‘Right then.’ Lestrade removed his hat and pushed the door open. ‘All yours, detective.’
‘He’s dead, isn’t he?’
Sherlock released a shaky breath as he lay back down again, went quiet and pliant under John’s hands. ‘There we are,’ John said, his hands moving down to give Sherlock’s hips a gentle squeeze before he slid his left hand around to stroke Sherlock’s cock slowly for a moment, thumb rubbing insistently just under the head. Moaning, Sherlock closed his eyes. ‘How does that feel, love?’ John asked, his right hand rubbing and pinching gently at Sherlock’s bum.
‘Thank you, the notion hadn’t occurred to me,’ Sherlock said, rolling his eyes and pushing his trousers down, his movements slow and limited as he climbed into John’s bed.
‘Fuck,’ John growled, yanking Sherlock’s wrists up and shoving them against the headboard, using his free hand to grab the cuffs and the length of rope they used on such occasions as this. He strapped the black leather cuffs tightly around Sherlock’s wrists and threaded the rope through the D-rings on them before lashing Sherlock to the bed with an intricate combination of knots he’d learnt in Scouts as a boy. ‘Tight enough?’ he asked Sherlock, who nodded, his throat dry. ‘Good,’ John said, running his hands lightly down from Sherlock’s  fingertips, arms, then his sides and down his legs, moving backwards as he went. ‘Lovely,’ he murmured, pressing several little kisses to Sherlock’s inner thighs. ‘Good boy.’
Moriarty frowned. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘I had no idea.’ He drained his teacup. ‘Well, I’d better be off,’ he said, standing, offering his hand to John, who stared at him in silence, flexing the fingers of his right hand against the edge of the table. ‘No? Well.’ Moriarty shook Sherlock’s hand briefly, pulling his coat and hat back on, dropping a few heavy coins onto the table. ‘Right then, boys.’ He smiled at them both, his eyes glittering as his head oscillated from side to side. ‘I’ll be seeing you.’ He raised his eyebrows and turned on his heel, sauntering out of the café.
‘There’s no conceivable way that you will
‘As...’
‘I want you,’ Sherlock moaned quietly, pressing their bodies together tightly, kissing John again, slower this time, sucking on John’s bottom lip before licking his way into John’s mouth.
John touched Sherlock’s leg, his warm hand wrapping around Sherlock’s thin calf. Sherlock’s breath hitched and he coughed as he expelled his lungful of smoke.
John sank down to lie half on the mattress and half over Sherlock, kissing the back of Sherlock’s neck, the taste of salt coming away on his lips. ‘That was quite something,’ he said quietly, nudging Sherlock’s damp curls away from his nape with the tip of his nose, one protective hand on Sherlock’s waist.
‘Thought you’d say that. She’s working today, upstairs. I want you to have John with you.’
The living room was filled with the deep glow of sunset, long shadows dancing across it. Sherlock shut the door by leaning against it and let his jacket fall to the floor as he pulled John tight against him, fingers clenching and unclenching at the small of John’s back. John cradled the back of Sherlock’s head, holding Sherlock’s face against his neck. He brushed his nose and lips against Sherlock’s hairline, content to hold him close. It was several minutes before John moved first, bringing their mouths together, pulling Sherlock’s lower lip between his own. Sherlock’s answering gasp could just be heard over the sounds of merrymaking from outside.
Sherlock leant over and kissed his lips. ‘Just say the word,’ he said, arching an eyebrow.
‘I don’t care,’ Sherlock murmured, a deep blush splashed high on his cheeks as he clumsily got down from the ladder and fastened his trousers. ‘I’m not ashamed, I don’t care,’ he said. ‘I won’t be made to feel ashamed.’
‘Spoken to Harry?’
by Dylan Thomas.
The bomb hit the far side of the road, some distance away. Again John stood, motioning towards the woods and the planes as he shouted at the woman, ‘We have to move!’ She shook her head and pulled her boy, silent with shock, from John’s arms. She wouldn’t move. Machine gun fire burst through the mud of the field. A soldier went down, wounded, and began to scream.
Moriarty’s head oscillated from side to side as he adjusted, moving his hips slowly and stroking Freddie’s made-up face distractedly. Really, he couldn’t have chosen better. He began to set a punishing rhythm, one hand at Freddie’s hip to steady him, the other on his neck. ‘Touch yourself,’ he hissed. ‘Let me see you enjoy it.’
‘Idiot of the year, I should imagine, and I mean that in the medical rather than the colloquial sense,’ John snapped. ‘Get in the kitchen, the light’s better.’
John thought back to what had transpired at the fountain, to Sherlock’s pale skin, the moles on his back, the way his underwear had clung to his body. His deep voice, his plump lips, his strange, beautiful eyes.
Frantically, Sherlock began to rut against John, throwing one arm to the side so that his fingers could curl around one of the rungs of the book ladder, his other hand gripping John’s shoulder. He rested a foot on another ladder rung for better leverage as he moved, face reddening, sweat beading at his temples.
‘I don’t want you to go,’ he murmured a moment later, head still in John’s lap as he looked out towards the waves and the sky streaked with orange. ‘University, I mean. You’ll forget about me.’
‘Hmm.’ Sherlock stepped into a corner of the room and held his torch up high to illuminate as much as possible as he looked round. Along with storing the pub’s stock, the cellar also seemed to serve as an air raid shelter, with a bunk bed resting against one wall and a low table with a game of snakes and ladders laid out next to it. Mugs hung on nails in the brick wall and a knitting bag sat in a lumpy-looking chair.
‘Take my hand!’ John roared, holding his hand out to the woman, who only shook her head, sobbing, stroking her child’s hair with an incredible gentleness. She whispered to the boy quietly in French. She wouldn’t move.
‘And the guv’nor-- Watson-- John-- you and him were--’
‘Please,’ Sherlock breathed, touching the tip of his nose to John’s. ‘Please.’
Mrs Hudson patted the back of his hand and shushed him.
‘Oh.’ Mycroft straightened his back and unfolded the telegram, dropping the report onto his desk.
‘Sherlock Holmes, is that really you?’ he called, his voice soft and pleasant.
The sink’s cold tap dripped slowly into the cup Sherlock had placed there. That and the quiet splashing Sherlock made as he skated his fingers along the surface of the bathwater were the only sounds in the small, high room. John played with the damp hair at Sherlock’s nape, rubbing with his thumb where Sherlock held his tension.
‘It was. It was utterly terrible. I’ve barely touched you, haven’t even kissed you.’ Sherlock sighed. ‘I forget, what it’s really like, outside the flat. Having to...’ he frowned and looked down the deserted platform. ‘Having to hide all the time.’
