Dean thought, standing in the breezeway at the front of the main house later that afternoon, staring vacantly towards the stables where his best horse was kept. He knew in a couple of days he would depart, regardless of his physical state, and he made the decision that today would be the right time to talk to Sam about their future.
"Don't mention it."
"I highly doubt that,” Dean said quietly, and shifted uncomfortably in the booth, still trying to come down from his handsy moment with Cas. He rested his head on the back of the seat and closed his eyes, drumming his fingers on the table as he waited for his food.
In spite of everything that we've been through
"Teach you what?"
“Nothing out of the ordinary. Rowena was my charge nurse, so that was a pain in the ass, but otherwise it was fine. Sorry it's so late, I -"
"In case I didn't love you back?" Dean's voice cracked when he said it. The thought was painful.
TBH, I'm struggling to put more conflict in this story. I really am. I don't know if I can do it. I've written a variety of scenarios and discarded them all. Halp. I can't get out of the fluff dumpster.
"You got it, kid." He raised his glass for a toast.
"What about you? What went wrong?" Hannah seemed to be genuinely interested, and Dean felt the need to be honest.
"Now breathe with me. Remember? Do your counting. C'mon, brother, remember?"
"OK, geez. You don't need to lay into me like I'm a monster."
“Cas. I miss you every goddamn day. Why aren’t you here with me?”
When he got back to the room, Cas was curled back under the quilt. Dean handed him the water and Cas took it shyly.
"There's at least one thing that makes me believe otherwise," Dean said, aligning his body with Cas's and rubbing against him teasingly. Cas couldn't help but raise his hips to meet Dean's, panting despite himself, wondering if Dean would let him top. But before he could even pose the question, Dean rolled away and stood up quickly.
"Not nothing." Cas was starting to feel heat rise in his face.
"I can't wait. I want you to show me everything. Is mommy home?"
, Sam thought. He didn't think he had ever witnessed a more peaceful scene at the bunker and realized this may be the happiest, most bittersweet moment of his life. He wandered over to the record player and re-started Led Zeppelin again with Stairway to Heaven. Dean stirred at the sound, and woke pleasantly. Sam watched him have a moment of panic as he felt for Cas, followed by immediate calm when he discovered that Cas was small spoon in front of him.
"We come occasionally - at least we did in the past. I'm not really sure what's going to happen now, actually. My girlfriend and I just broke up three days ago. So, it's new. She has a job interview out of state. I have Ben while she's gone. I...don't know what I'm going to do if she takes him away.”
“Yes?” He stopped and turned back around.
“You’re…freezing. I’m going to find you a hat or something? Wait here - maybe get some coffee to warm up while I’m gone?”  Dean put a thoughtful hand on Cas’s shoulder as a gesture of reassurance before striding away intentionally.
“I could say the same. We weren’t expecting you for a while. How was your night?” Balthazar took a slow sip of coffee, staring expectantly.
When the heavens open and a new day comes along
Dean pulled away abruptly to see Sam standing in the doorway to the closest building. And it wasn’t just Sam…it was everyone that he cared about, all filtering through the front doors towards them at once. Mary was there, and Donna, Jodi, Charlie, Garth, Kevin, Claire...
"I'm...sorry that our date turned into this, Cas. I had pictured something a little more personal."
Ben watched Jack receive a bottle of water and looked expectantly at Dean.
Cas  looked up and saw them both drinking coffee, staring at him. Gabriel looked like he definitely hadn’t slept, and Balthazar looked surprised.
Dean drummed on the steering wheel after they got on the road, humming along with Metallica and smiling a lot. Sam started to worry that maybe he'd had a mental break or something.
"Jack's dad. He's named after the angel of Thursday. Isn't that funny?"
Was Dean his boyfriend now, kind of? The thought filled him up with a comfortable warmth. He couldn't wait to get back home. Gabriel had already offered his guest room to Cas while he worked on getting a new job and finding a new place, but he wouldn't mind spending some time in Dean's bed, either. It was his new favorite place to be.
"Why aren't you at work?" Her eyebrows knitted together with concern.
"Gabriel."
"You got it."
"Dad?" Sam interrupted.
"Would you mind making Ben breakfast before you go, Lisa? I need a minute." He said it as he disappeared down the hallway and out of sight.
“I’m sorry, I was rude before. I’m Castiel. My car broke down outside last night and Dean was nice enough to help me out.” He extended his hand to Lisa.
“Don’t stop. Dean...don’t...please don’t…” the way Cas begged as he continued to move their mouths and tongues together gave Dean the confidence he needed to move his exploration to Cas’s cock, straining hard against his sweatpants. It was a glorious thing, even though he was still just touching him through the fabric, running his palm along the hard length deliciously, enjoying the sounds of pleasure that escaped from Cas as he stimulated him. His mind short circuited when he thought about them being skin to skin.
"I topped mostly in my last relationship. But honestly I had always hoped Benny would fuck me."
“Is this OK?” He whispered, breaking their kiss briefly to push their foreheads together, his fingers toying under the elastic in Cas’s waistband.
“How long have I been here?” Dean asked fearfully.
"For what?"
He could tell Sam was studying him.
"It's still new. Slow down. I don't even know if it's real yet."
"Cas has some things to do, but can he come and have lunch with us? Would that be OK?" Dean smiled fondly at Ben and Cas decided he might be in love.
Cas had watched Gabriel suffer so much at the hands of their father, Chuck, because of his sexual identity in their youth that Cas bottled up the truth about his own and still hadn't healed from it. He started having panic attacks when he was thirteen, and eventually started drinking to counteract the attacks. It was a viscious cycle and at this point it would take a lot to break the habit. It was Gabriel who was always there in his darkest moments to try and help, but Cas thought that at some point Gabe would give up on him - just like Hannah was doing. He wiped a tear away as shame enveloped him for a moment. What a mess.
"It is."
"It could use a little...something, couldn't it?"
“Stop it, Dean. I just came in to let you know that Eileen looks...absolutely beautiful, Sam” Cas said quietly. “Today is so special. And...Jack is here, too.”
Dean was silent, waiting to see if Cas would continue.
"It's time for me and Cas to go for a drive", he finally said in a gruff, melancholy tone. And they all knew that their time together had come to end.
"Top or bottom?" Dean assumed that's what Cas was trying to get at. He was right: Cas nodded.
“Do you know who it is yet?”
Cas reached a tentative hand out. The intimacy of this was harder than the frantic orgasms they had given each other in the living room when their senses were overloaded with pleasure and lust. Now they were vulnerable...even shy. Dean pulled him under the warm water and pushed Cas' hair back, both of their eyes closed, the muscles rippling up and down Dean's arms when he tried to find the perfect way to mold their bodies together.
Even Dean was scared of the way Sam sounded. He had stood up and knocked his chair over when he made the threat, and now all 6'4" of him was looming over John, casting a shadow across his back.
"OK then. Let's go."
Dean watched Cas contemplate him for a moment, and it made his heart pound even harder. He knew if Cas tried to reengage him, he wouldn't be able to say no. But he didn't, and Dean was almost disappointed, knowing now that it would be up to him to make the next move. Cas gave him a small, understanding smile and sat back quietly, directing his gaze at the ground as he tried to slow his own heart and his breathing back to normal.
“We just kissed. It was awful. I’m not kissing Cas again until he gets Jimmy back from the shop. Now...if you’ll excuse me.” Dean turned hastily back towards the door and walked out, ignoring the fact that Sam’s jaw had practically hit the floor.
Cas wished that there was something else he could say to alleviate the feeling of hopelessness that had settled in the room, but there really wasn't. He wandered off slowly with a huge weight resting in his heart and his stomach.
“Yeah. Please just...I need you.”
It was a frantic whisper. Cas’s heart beat loudly in his chest. What was he supposed to do? Every human instinct inside of him screamed for him to go to Dean. To be there for him. But he was afraid. The look he had seen on Dean’s face earlier scared him, and he didn’t want to ever see it again.
“Oh yeah," Sam said confidently. "I’ve been ready for this for a very long time. I just had to find the right girl and the right time in my life to settle down.”
"The one you're in love with?"
The two of them stood in a smothering embrace for a moment longer before Dean entered the room, skidding to a halt at the entrance to the foyer, staring with frantic eyes at his phone.
This was the fifth night in a row that Sam and Eileen had put together an impressive dinner spread, but the first where Dean hadn't been absent from the bunker or too drunk to join them. Sam knew how much he had been struggling with Cas's death, and hadn't had the heart to rein him in.
“What’s all of this about, Dean?” he finally muttered, looking questioningly at his fiancé.
"Cas?" Dean moved towards the couch. He glanced over the back to find Cas with his eyes pinched tightly shut, one hand covering his nose and mouth.
He had thought about his friend nonstop since he burned him on the funeral pyre. He had scattered his ashes in a meadow where the bees hummed softly and the breeze swept peacefully through the grass. He knew Cas would love it there. He had never expected that he would see him again, and sometimes, after he had said that final goodbye, he would admit to himself that he had loved Cas as more than a friend. The thought tortured his heart, and he was sure that the dappled, colorful soul that Cas had always told him he had was black now. The color had been scattered in that field with his angel. Today when he had seen Cas again, the panic and desperation he felt made him realize he was undeniably in love with his best friend. Cas is what his heart wanted.
"Hey Gabe? Go get ready for work. You're going to be late." He winked, a small smile on his face.
He forced himself to breathe and concentrate on the floor.
“Don’t do this, Cas.”
Dean's phone rang when he was on the way to the Chinese restaurant. It was Sam.
“No, and it’s getting to me, but I can’t force any more information out of him than he’s willing to give.” Gabriel shrugged. “Anyway, how are you?"
His breathing became shallow when Castiel kissed him behind his ear...sucking the soft skin there and kissing his way down to Dean's chest slowly. Dean moaned breathlessly as he slid his hands shakily up Castiel’s back, caressing his broad shoulders, and moving his fingers softly up and down Castiel’s spine, causing goosebumps to form everywhere he touched. Dean grew bold enough to pull Castiel's hips into him roughly, feeling excitement at how hard they both were as they connected, rutting against each other unapologetically until they lost their balance and fell over again.
"You...hate these," Cas said, raising his eyebrows in surprise.
“Really Dean? Already? It’s been less than one day…”
. Dean didn’t recall that Cas had been appropriately dressed for weather like this when he left the bunker though, and it bothered him.
“Are you excited for this to be us soon, babe?” Dean broke their kiss to look into Cas’s deep, blue eyes. Cas nodded and gave him a wistful smile before backing towards the door to take his leave again. Cas’s closeness had scrambled Dean's mind, and he forced himself to let out a deep breath and close his eyes for a minute to regain his composure.
Dean could tell that he had hurt Sam’s feelings slightly with his directness, and immediately wished he had thought through his delivery more before saying it out loud. He intended to fix it as soon as he saw Sam’s disappointment:
"I'm Castiel," the artist said in the same deep, velvety voice, offering his hand to Dean.
The eviction sign was already on the door. How the hell…?
“I have to know if he’s ok, Sammy. He saved me.”
"Cas?" Sam picked up on the first ring. "What's up? Did you do it?"
“He’s not acting the way that I thought he would, after hearing his prayers...” Cas trailed off. He was so confused.
"Hey now...why does Cas get the first one?" Dean asked with feigned disappointment.
Cas turned around then, crushing himself against Dean, kissing him deeply. And Dean reciprocated by pulling at Cas's clothes hungrily, tearing through the fabric of his tan overcoat with newfound strength, which he knew came from the grace pulsing through his veins from when Cas had healed him. And he felt a new strength of his very own stirring deep inside, too. He imagined it as a small green flame, and suddenly felt as though he had always known it was there, waiting to be woken up.
“Can you say something, Cas? You’re making me nervous now.” As the words left his mouth, Cas threw his arms around Dean’s neck and hugged him, following it up with another new kind of first kiss. He wasn’t sure what to call this one yet. But just like all of the other first kisses that they had shared, this one was unique. Entirely mind blowing. Absolutely perfect. When he pulled away, he raised his glass and breathlessly responded with the only word he could muster: “Cheers.”
excited him and made him tremble with desire. An ache started to form low in his stomach when Cas began exploring along the front of his jeans, but the surprise he felt by how fast this was happening simultaneously caused him to panic and he pushed away instinctually, his body on fire. His bright green eyes made contact with Cas's deep blue ones,  and he read so much passion there...so much need. He was sure they were a reflection of his own.
Dean gave him an amused half smile. “I’m sure,” he said.
“I never imagined what my true happiness could even look like, Dean. And even if I could have, my imagination would have never done this moment justice. I love you. I love all of you.”
"Yeah, I was, too. But it's for the best. Lisa is staying near Chicago so I can still see them."
Cas shook his head and moved back in, biting Dean's bottom lip and kissing him even harder than before.
Lisa couldn't believe how much she missed Ben and Dean while she was gone. She got halfway through her job interview and walked out. She knew she wouldn't be able to move away, even if the job was an amazing opportunity. She couldn't do that to her boys. They needed each other...and she needed them - both of them.
Sam hung up and called Cas back. Cas picked up before the phone even rang once.
“Why?”
There was a moment of silence between them.
Butterflies started flying around in his stomach as he thought about how this weekend would go. He thought he knew the answer, but also hoped he was wrong.
“I’m sorry...I should have asked before I started treating your kitchen like it was my own.” Cas blushed when he said it, obviously reading Dean’s silence as discomfort.
"I don't deserve you." It's all he could think to say, but it was the truth and it seemed right.
Then Dean did throw up. Somehow, he made it to the bathroom, but he couldn't stand up anymore. He lay on the floor, head over the toilet bowl.
He hung up. He was doing this. He was fucking doing it.
"C'mon. Let's talk in the car." Dean grabbed his bag by the door and beckoned for Sam to follow him out to the Impala. “I don’t mind leaving a little early. We can get to dad’s tonight instead of staying at a motel on the way.”
“Yeah, I’m at the payphone outside of that bar. Where are you?”
"Sammy?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean let silence fill the air waves. He needed to think about how to explain what he was feeling. He didn't want to fuck anything up.
"You've fallen in love with someone since last week? Wow, I guess my pep talk really stuck, huh?" He raised both of his eyebrows in surprise.
“Baby smells like peanut butter and the steering wheel is sticky. You can’t eat those goddamn sandwiches in the car! In fact, don’t EAT in the car
“Where is home, by the way?” Dean asked, squinting his eyes in slight suspicion and making eye contact with Castiel.
"You must be Cas?" The grizzly man stood up and extended his hand, shaking Cas's hand heartily. "Ben hasn't stopped talking about you. Seems you made an impression. I'm Bobby. Dean's...surrogate father of sorts."
“Just as terrible as every other day of my life,” he said, and Dean sensed sadness in his tone. He didn’t feel comfortable pursuing the topic so he let a short silence come between them, hoping that Cas would say something to fill it.
, he told himself.
“Dean, these are beautiful. How long have you been practicing with this topic? I’ve...never seen anything like this.”
"You're right. And I owe you."
Dean thought, and tried to duck around the corner of the kitchen to hide his panic.
"Dean, I'm pretty sure Cas would like the bacon cheeseburger. You should order him that." Ben's statement was very confident, and Dean sent an amused, closed-mouth smile in Cas's direction, batting his eyes sarcastically.
“Oh - do you want something else? Like a cosmo or somethin?”
"I didn't mean to, Gabriel. I swear the other guy started it," Cas mumbled in a raspy, slurred voice, his breath coming in short, labored bursts. "I called you before the fight. I swear. I...I swear. Just take me home. I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
Dean was sure that Cas blushed this time. “I had been protecting you from the demons that invaded your dreams after I met you at the gallery. It made them angry, and they were always trying to find a weakness in my shield so that they could attack you again.”
He spied the note almost immediately; a piece of computer paper with neat handwriting in black Sharpie:
“I know buddy, I don’t want you to go, either. But...your mom knows what’s best. I will be here whenever you want to come and visit, OK?”
“Oh, but I do, Dean.” There were tears in her eyes. She was standing near the front door to their house. The house that Dean had bought for them; for him and Lisa and Ben. It wasn’t big, or fancy, but it was something, and he thought that he had finally found a family and a life that made sense.
"Nevermind. I don't know why I asked you to help me. You're such a bitch." Dean hung up on his brother and walked in to pick up his takeout order. When he got back to the car, he had a text from Sam:
"Well, I guess we should start mentally preparing for that." Gabriel laughed, and Cas sensed a little bit of nervousness in his laughter. He shuddered and tried to think about Dean instead.
Sam could tell the two of them were enjoying their scuffle and chose to interrupt - they were too cute. It was starting to make him feel sick to his stomach.
-William C. Hannan
At the end of the tour, the generous beekeeper offered them a bottle of honey wine and pointed out a place that he would recommend for them to eat lunch. “I’ll let the two of you talk out here over a bottle of our wine and fall a little more in love with the place before you go,” he said, and gave them a wink as he excused himself.
Dean:
"Will you put it on your fridge?"
"Did Chuck ever know at all?"
"His name is Castiel."
Cas nodded yes.
Cas's eyes widened as he considered the invitation.
Would you dance with me?” The words were out before he could stop himself, but he realized he didn’t hate the idea. “Go and pick something to play from the jukebox.” Dean dug in his pocket and grabbed Cas’ hand, where he dropped a quarter for her to choose a song.
Gabriel gave a small nod and waved. He couldn't remember Cas having thanked him recently. It was a good sign. His body relaxed and his mind felt lighter as he wandered back inside to get ready for work at the hospital.
Dean silenced him with a kiss. And it felt different this time; less urgent than their previous encounters had been. Cas pulled him closer until Dean was straddling his lap, and Cas was pushed firmly up against the wall, breathing in and out steadily between soft kisses, running his hands over the now familiar lines of Dean's face and neck, with Dean's hands planted firmly on Cas's upper arms, clinging to him desperately.
He also spied a bottle of whiskey on the dining room table when he walked past into the kitchen, and wondered how often Cas started drinking in the middle of the afternoon.
“You better,” Dean said, and took Cas’s hand.
“What’s the champagne for?” Cas asked suspiciously.
“I’m...sorry.” Cas averted his eyes towards the ground. He would have chosen a less offensive snack, but Dean kept buying off brand EVERYTHING, and since Cas had become human again, he was extra picky about what he was and was not willing to eat. For example...he would have brought a box of Cheez-its to snack on instead of that sandwich, but Dean bought generic cheese squares again and he sure as Hell wasn’t going to eat them. They didn’t taste right.
Cas responded by wrapping his tongue around Dean's cock, and Dean started moving his hand in time to his mouth and tongue, careful not to get overly excited again.
"Can I take you to lunch today, Castiel?"
enough of,
He was pulling ingredients out of the cupboard to make a pile of bacon and eggs when his phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out to check his text messages: it was from Cas?
"He sure does," Gabriel responded, sighing heavily and putting one of Cas's heavy arms over his shoulder.
"Sam?"
"I don't really feel like you're a stranger."
"Sam, he's been there. Just out of sight. It's been driving me crazy to think about."
"Three, actually."
You're just lonely
“What?!” Cas looked at him with wide eyes, his face full of amusement. “You were...you did...no you didn’t. Seriously?”
Cas took the phone and noticed a missed call from a familiar number; it was Naomi’s number. And there was a voicemail.
One more chapter to go. Expect more fluff, all the fluff, nothing but fluff.
"I told you I can get you a lease on a car, Castiel. Why won't you let me help you with that?"
Sam hung up and took a much needed breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
Charlie smiled and extended her hand to Ben. "Wanna come with me, little man? I can show you how to order on the computer." She looked over her shoulder to give Dean a small, understanding nod as she led Ben behind the counter, and he was grateful to have a minute alone with Cas.
John shoved him away affectionately to embrace Sam next.
"Yeah. Ok. Dean, call me on your way back later, ok?"
“Are you ready for this, Sammy?” Dean stood in front of his brother, tying his tie for him in his bedroom at the bunker. He could hear the soothing hum of music and conversation drifting down the hallway from the adjoining great room, and could smell an amazing meal cooking in the kitchen. Every once in a while he would pick out Jodi’s distinct laughter as her and Donna prepped everything for the afternoon festivities.
Dean’s stomach dropped.
"You read my mind," Dean said, and winked before taking a sip and smiling appreciatively. "That's a damn fine cup of coffee", he said, "Did you get it - " they both looked back towards Jake's where the windows were dark.
It was like a punch in the face to open the door to “Ben’s room.” He couldn't even look in there for more than a few seconds without it being painful, so he threw the duffle on the floor and closed the door again, heading to his own bedroom to collect himself. He felt nauseous when he looked in - he hadn’t been in there in the daylight since Lisa left. Somehow it made everything that happened with her seem more real, and it hurt. And then of course there was the very new matter of Castiel...his hands shook as he tried to make sense of it.
“Cas is back.”
“CAS!” Dean stormed into the house yelling, stopping purposefully at the edge of the front entry tile and folding his arms. “CAS!”
“Yeah, absolutely. I can give you my number?”
but how...? Dean was confused.
"I...love it. Can I keep it?"
Cas stood in silence, letting this new knowledge sink it. "You can't try and save him, Castiel. It's his destiny. He decided he wanted to die when The Empty took you. He won't live through his next hunt with Sam."
“Did you hear him praying to you just before?” Sam asked.
Sam sat in thoughtful silence, mulling over what Dean was saying.
There was a long pause on the other end of the phone.
Let me hold your hand
Yep. There went Dean's resolve. He found himself smiling like an idiot and moving in for another hug. This was the warmest welcome he'd received since they had their big fight, and that was years ago. He finally felt like things were truly back to normal again.
"So what's this pressing business you want to discuss?" Sam asked, pouring them each a generous glass of sherry in the tea room.
The front door was ajar, but nothing seemed out of place. As he wandered through the living room, he heard a crash and panicked. He sped quickly down the hallway, looking for the source of the commotion. All he heard was the shower running from the bathroom, so Sam went to the door to knock, but paused when he heard Dean’s voice.
"Oh, you did? I always did like Lisa. Thought for sure she was the one. This new girl must be pretty special if -"
"Cas - come for me. I need you to come for me." Dean whispered as quietly as he could in Cas's ear, stroking him, knowing it still felt too good for him to want Dean to stop, regardless of the humbling interruption. Cas's eyes rolled back in his head, and he continued to fuck into Dean's hand in spite of himself. He groaned, and Dean covered his mouth with his free hand, picking up speed and adding pressure to his strokes as Cas continued growing impossibly harder under his hand until he found release, and Dean couldn't help but moan with the pent up lust he felt as Cas's hips stuttered, warm come overflowing from his palm and down his wrist and forearm, dripping to Lord knows where from there. Cas bit down hard on the hand covering his mouth, completely void of control in the moment.
"Yes." Cas kind of shouted it and Dean looked at him weird.
"I don't know...maybe? But what would be the harm?"
"I don't deserve you. And I don't thank you enough for everything you do for me. So thank you."
"I already told you, Sammy. Castiel. He just...inspires me."
"I miss him."
His heart sank. He looked at the clock and saw it was 6:30am. He wondered when Cas had snuck out and felt guilty he hadn't woken up. The thought that Cas had panicked and decided he couldn't do this crossed his mind. He tried to shove down the feeling of disappointment that started spreading through him.
Cas turned bright red.
There was a small lull in the conversation, and Lisa used it to take her leave.
“Dean…” Cas felt numb. He lay on his back on the flannel blanket, staring up at the sunflowers and breathing in the perfect fall air. Dean’s face appeared above him after several seconds followed by a glass of wine.
“Oh, I’m pretty sure you are.”
"Yeah." Sam smiled at the memory.
"Lisa!" Dean stood and turned to give her a hug. "Did you bring me pie and coffee? Aw babe, you shouldn't have. Come sit. This is Hannah. We met this morning and got to talking. Time got away from me. Sorry about that.”
“Did you take my car to the car wash?” Dean asked, deflecting Cas’s question about his forgotten shoes.
- - -
Dean had closed his eyes again, aware that Cas had placed one hand on his chest and one on his forehead, and he heard him start to speak in his strange language. And as he spoke, Dean felt a strong charge travel through his body, as if he had been struck by lightning. He cried out in shock, grabbing Cas’s forearms with his hands, holding on to him, unsure whether to fight back or succumb.
But there was something...different today when Gabriel opened the door. Cas had his shoulders back and a smile on his face as he strode up the sidewalk. Gabriel blinked, not quite sure he was actually seeing this.
Have 2 chapters today because I can't think about this one anymore. It makes me cry a little bit. I need to put it out there.
Dean set the phone back in the receiver gently and looked at Cas, finally getting up the courage to look her in the eyes; Cas’s eyes. Just as celestial and beautifully inhuman as he remembered. He tried to focus on them and not let his gaze travel elsewhere, but it only worked for a second or two before he noticed how full her lips were…
Cas heard silence for a moment and wished that he could see what was happening. He wondered if he had spent enough time in the bathroom to emerge safely. He flushed the toilet for good measure and let the water run for a minute before opening the door loudly and letting it bang off the wall.
"I might be in love?" It sounded more like a question.
There was a thick silence between them after the brief exchange. It was a pretty heavy first conversation between strangers.  Dean wondered what she was thinking.
As they reached Baby, Cas stopped. He was wrestling with the idea of telling Dean everything until Dean turned around and looked at him...
“Yeah.”
Cas was mystified.
"What? How did you meet someone within 24 hours of a failed marriage proposal?"
Dean looked down at the blanket on his bed, not knowing what to say. He had no idea how to convey the intense feeling that came over him with Castiel’s words. He knew exactly what they meant; he felt the same way. It explained his irrational need to find Cas, regardless of what it would cost him.
Finally Cas couldn’t take the silence anymore and pushed the tape in to the deck, turned up the volume, and closed his eyes as he relaxed back against the seat. The familiar sound of Styx filled the Impala, and he willed himself to get lost in the music. It was torture to have so many human emotions coursing through him.
Dean walked in the front door of the house. Cas was sitting facing the other way on the couch, but he turned when he heard the front door close and no follow-up footsteps. He saw Dean standing in the entryway, hands in his pockets, eyes red from crying. Cas didn't say anything at first. He was afraid to. If Sam hadn't sounded so confident on the phone, Cas would have been sure that this was the part where Dean broke up with him...told him they weren't on the same page in their relationship and that he needed space to think. He had been crazy to think Dean Winchester could really love him.
"I'm not." He deserved that. Between work and Cas, his life was endlessly unpredictable.
"Sure, yeah." Dean made a mental note, and as soon as Hannah and Jack said goodbye and were out of sight down the driveway, Dean plugged "Angel of Thursday" into his search engine.
“More than anything. Don’t ever leave me again. Promise?”
You're everything that feels like home to me, yeah
And I will
“Cas, we need to talk about winter. I don’t want you to be cold and to get sick.” Dean took one of the coffees that Cas offered him before proceeding to pull a winter hat out of the bag and promptly shoved it over Cas’s  wet, disheveled hair. The booth that he found the winter accessories at had a sale on Christmas items, and the hat was ridiculous; black and white with knitted reindeer on it and an oversized pom pom. But it was what he could find, and so it would do.
"Do...do you want me to come with you? Would it be easier?"
"Dad, we need to get Dean to a hospital. I don't know what to do. How far is…?"
“So, how do you know Castiel again?” Dean asked. He was laying on the settee in the large tea room at Winchester House that overlooked their front lawn, nursing his hangover.
Gabriel rolled his eyes at her. He was sure Cas didn't want that much information, and he tried to re-direct the conversation to be more appropriate.
"In and out. He...has some demons he's trying to exorcise. Lots of baggage. I don't want Jack to see that. He knows he's welcome in Jack's life once he can stop drinking so much and hold down a stable job. I'm always rooting for him. Jack has him on a pedestal and misses him every day."
Cas's stomach sank into his bare feet and his chest continued to tighten menacingly as his anxiety spread through him and he had to sit down.
"He asked me if I ever thought about staying in the house."
"I'm in hell,” he mumbled.
And dance 'round and 'round the flames
Dean nodded. He felt it grow stronger still when Cas’s hand touched his chest, and the green flame in his mind ignited and consumed him from within. He felt...invincible. Cas smiled at him; for the first time, Dean got to see joy from his angel.
"Anna! I knew you were gonna be in town. Didn't know you would be working. Jesus, what are you doing tending bar right now? You haven't worked here since high school."
“A woman?” When he said it, he averted his eyes in embarrassment. He had completely forgotten how to act in this extremely bizarre moment. “I’m sorry. That was rude.”
"I need some time,” John muttered, still facing the opposite direction. It was almost too quiet to hear. “I’m not ready for this right now.”
"Castiel?"
“Those weren’t dreams, Dean. Or nightmares. You were affected by the tear in the veil from the moment it happened decades ago. You have had angels and demons inhabiting your mind.”
“Oh my God, Cas. Keep doing that. You feel so fucking good. Please…”
Cas opened the front door at Gabriel’s without knocking, stumbling to the couch and sitting down heavily. He failed to notice his brother and Balthazar standing in the kitchen and proceeded to punch one of the pillows before rubbing his face with exasperation and swearing silently to himself.
Sam was silent, his mouth hanging open incredulously.
"I don't deserve that, Dean. I-"
Before Cas knew what was happening, Ben had him by the hand, and held his other one out for Dean. Cas noticed that Dean had that look of surprise back on his face as he glanced nervously at Bobby. But if Cas wasn't mistaken, Bobby gave Dean a wink and a small nod.
"I love you too, Dean."
Where nothing seems to go your way
“I’m sorry. I’m sure you don’t want to hear this. I guess I’m just...I’m heartbroken. Ben is heartbroken, too.” She rested her arm on the top of the car door and put her face in it with exasperation. “I’m such a fool.”
"Yeah?"
"I just felt bad leaving things this morning. You blew my mind, Dean. No one has touched me like that before. I want to make you feel like that, too."
"Aren't we - going back to the bunker?" Cas asked.
“It’s not what you think, Lisa. The guy’s car broke down in front of the house and he needed help. He slept on the couch. I’m helping him with his car today.”
When he arrived for the final time at his office building, he paraded through the front door like a lunatic, threw Naomi’s dry-cleaning at the secretary and announced that this was his final act for Satan - that she no longer owned his soul - and marched back out. He had acquired some sort of bold inhibition today and he was going to ride it out until it inevitably fizzled.
"Are you coming along?" Cas asked.
“Dean. Dean Winchester.” Dean extended his hand out and Castiel took it, loving Dean’s warm, rough touch. “My phone is on the table in the kitchen if you want to make any other calls. No code or anything. But why don't you wait and see if there’s anything I can do to help before you pay a tow truck to come out?”
"About four. I...didn't really have anywhere else to go and had to give my brother's car back by then."
"Dean?! DEAN." John grabbed Dean, scooping him up as though he were a child, and held him close to his chest.
He didn’t want to cry. But he did. And Raphael went from being silent to laughing at the sight.
Dean’s whole body buzzed with desire as they reconnected. It was easy to find a rhythm once they got past the initial hesitation, and he couldn’t help but start exploring gently under Cas’s shirt, feeling him shudder at the touch and lose his breath.
"Well, you prayed for an angel and it sounds like you got one. I’m happy for you, Dean."
"Yeah." Dean heard his own voice deepen as he thought about what he was saying right now. He had hidden his sexuality from his father for his entire life. Not on purpose at first, it took him a while to even admit it to himself that he was gay. He knew John Winchester was homophobic, and the one time he had mentioned Benny to him by complete accident, their ensuing fight ended in Dean driving off in a fit of rage and not speaking to his father for almost a year.
Three minutes later, Dean was inviting Cas in for that drink he had decided against, and Cas was agreeing, and Dean was freaking out. Maybe Cas didn’t even drink alcohol. He decided to pull out everything he had and put it on the kitchen table: whiskey, vodka, a bottle of white wine, and some beer.
"Why?"
"Castiel." He whispered.
Cas nodded, but still didn't look up.
Once they both had a generous pour of the liquor in front of them, Dean raised his glass to make a toast.
"He belongs to you, sir?" The officer had asked, fear evident in his eyes over Cas's condition as he handed him over to Gabriel.
He called him. He couldn't help it. He wanted to hear his voice. He was disappointed that it went to voicemail, but he left a message as he walked home.
"That's the other reason you can't stay, Castiel. Dean's fate is sealed. If you stay, you will die, too. A human death. And I need you to come back with restored grace. Not dead."
Cas didn't say anything. He just watched the look of surprise spread over his brother's face until he struggled to pull away from Cas's vice grip and straightened his shirt, spitting angrily. Cas hadn’t ever stood up for himself before. Gabriel had disappeared inside and missed the exchange, and Cas was glad for that. He was going to manage this one himself - be strong all by himself. He had a reason to do that now. And he was pissed that he was yanked away from that reason to come here.
"See you soon," Jack said with a wink. His words were a faraway echo even as the last syllable left his lips, and Castiel found himself standing in a dark roadhouse parking lot in the middle of the night.
“I was with Dean for six sexually frustrating years, Castiel." She paused. "Why am I telling you this? I don’t know.” She threw up her hands and kept going anyway. “He would have stayed with me. Forever. Because I was almost everything he needed. Almost.” She let a tear fall and brushed it away. "Do you understand what I'm telling you?"
"That's why I came," Cas whispered.
He advanced several feet into the warm, wet darkness before locating a bench to the left of the bunker entrance. He decided to sit for a moment to collect himself and to figure out what to do. He didn’t care about being wet, or about his trench coat already being soaked through. He didn’t much care about anything except Dean and the dream that he had just witnessed. He had been a fool to allow himself into such an intimate, personal space like that. A small sob escaped him as he sat helplessly alone, water dripping from his hair and his chin.
“Still great,” he said. "Balth is still the best thing that's ever happened to me, thanks to you."
"As long as that's dinner, and you're dessert, it could be perfect." Dean pushed up against Cas from behind, tempted to slip his hand below his waistband, but stopping himself because there was a five-year-old in the next room. Instead, he settled on whispering in Cas's ear.
"Do you want to go have burgers or something?" he asked.
, he thought,
"Gabriel?"
“What? What’s oh no?”
"What time did you get here?" He asked, impressed that Cas had such a head start on dinner already, spying a bowl of chicken pie filling nearby.
The question sounded almost like a challenge, and Cas saw Dean’s face change quickly from soft to carnal. Before he knew it, he was face down on the bed, hands pinned behind his back. He had never felt so excited about anything - this was the Dean he had hoped he would take to bed with him one day. He had fantasized about slow, passionate sex, but also about something like this, where Dean would be rough with him. Cas had secretly been educating himself on the topic of sex just in case this opportunity ever arose. He wanted to make sure he wasn't totally ignorant, and had played some of the scenarios out in his head more than once.
“I didn’t.”
Sam brightened at this. “The angels. They’re beautiful. You’re like London’s own Michaelangelo.” He smiled, and Dean allowed himself to feel just a bit of guarded pride. He also wondered if Castiel would like them. He smiled softly as he continued to nurse his headache, relishing in the darkness from the cool, damp cloth across his eyes.
He took a deep breath and untangled himself from Cas.
Ben giggled and denied it. Then, he looked up and spied Cas, immediately leaping to his feet and hugging Cas around the waist.
“This is your heaven, Dean. It’s whatever you want it to be.” He smiled, and Dean didn’t think he had ever seen a more beautiful smile.
“Where did you learn to do this?” Dean asked with genuine interest.
“What were the other reasons you left?”
“Sorry, Balth. I was just remembering Thanksgiving. I still wish Gabriel would have let you kill Raph that day. I will certainly punch him for you if the opportunity arises. You can count on it.”
Dean walked in behind Cas and shut the door, watching him open the fridge. He couldn’t help but chuckle to himself a little - Cas was visibly flustered and his hands were shaking. Dean moved to stand behind him, kissing his neck, sliding his hands around into the front of Cas’s jeans and running his fingers teasingly along his erection. He didn’t expect his actions to cause Cas to cry out and crumple on to the kitchen floor, and it made him conscious of how cruel it was for him to tease his friend right now.
Dean picked up his phone to call Sammy. He owed him one last hunt.
A week after the fire, Dean saddled his best horse, Baby. He knew she could get him to Newcastle and back with as many stops along the way as necessary while he searched for Cas.
"Me and you. Coffee. Someday soon, Dean. Figure things out with your dad. Then call me. OK?"
"Yes. But...you knew that, didn't you?" Cas folded his hands slowly in front of him on the table and held his breath to stop the tears from welling up in his eyes.
“Can you give me his number, Gabriel? I should...I should call him.” Cas's muffled voice rose up from between his arms.
He produced a package from behind Dean’s headboard wrapped in brown paper that simply said
"I...don't know", Cas said, furrowing his eyebrows in thought. He glanced affectionately at Dean, blinking slowly, and grabbed his hand under the table.
“What - what happened to Jimmy?”
"Nice to meet you, Jack.” Dean reached out and shook his hand enthusiastically.
Jack's eyes widened and he smiled big before sprinting in Ben's direction.
“It’s...North. As far north as you can go.” Castiel said, and proceeded to light the mysterious cigar and breathe it in deeply, a halo of smoke surrounding his disheveled hair for a  brief second. It made him look very much like an angel. Dean tried to preserve the image in his mind for later. Castiel was a walking piece of art. Everything he did was perfect.
by Metallica.
"Hey guys? You know, I have to go. Dean, call you tomorrow? I need to run some things by you for the wedding. Dinner's on me." Sam stood up abruptly, raised his coffee cup, emptied the contents into his mouth, and hastily yelled "Cheers!" on his way back out the door, veggie pizza in tow.
"What do you think? Would you do this for me, Sam?"
"Yeah, actually. I'm here with my little brother."
Dean couldn't believe how quickly they got back to the shop. He was so lost in thought that he wasn't paying attention to where they were going. Cas thanked Ben for lunch and gave him a high five.
As he pulled away from the house, he saw Sam appear on the front steps, and was sure he gave a wink and a thumbs up before disappearing behind the lamplight reflecting off of the cobblestone street.
Gabriel simply patted his shoulder and moved past him into the hallway. "Whadya say we head out and grab breakfast on the way?"
"I hope so. You deserve it, you know."
Dean nodded and closed his eyes.
"How long have you been playing this?" Sam asked, the annoyance still rampant in his voice.
"I know," Cas whispered back, and he spread his wings as he faded into the stars.
As they approached the car, Dean produced the keys and unlocked the back doors.
“Three days.” Jodi said. Her voice trembled slightly. She was worried.
Dean wandered over to the record player in the corner and thumbed through the record collection - some were his and some had been at the bunker when they had moved in. And although his intention was to perhaps put on something new to make the memory of this night unique, Dean settled on Led Zeppelin, wondering instead if Cas would recognize it. After placing the needle down, and hearing "Stairway to Heaven" begin playing with the familiar crackle, he wondered if he would regret the mood that he was creating by putting on this particular selection. But he held fast to his choice and wandered back over to the table, pouring another generous glass of whiskey and promptly drinking it down as quickly as the first.
"Yeah, I have a little bit of time,” she said to his back.
After the plates were cleared and the bill was paid - Dean always left Charlie a generous tip - the trio stood to leave. The diner had started filling up at the noon hour, so Dean waved to Charlie from across the room as they exited, mouthing a silent “thank you” and getting a knowing smile in return.
“What is it?” Donna arrived at the front door to the Inn, drying her hands on an apron.
he thought resentfully.
Dean couldn't be quiet when he felt himself spill forcefully into Cas' throat. Over and over. Mind blown, body convulsing with the ecstasy that coursed through every part of him.
"Oh." She said it with a haughtiness that made Cas' heart sink. She had obviously heard bad things. Which...he supposed he deserved. He tightened his grip on Jack's small shoulders for a minute, relishing in this short moment with his son, before grasping his small arms gently and pulling him back.
"Holy shit, he played with your cock, didn't he?"
As he listened, he closed his eyes, and he barely startled at all when Cas’ hands started gently tracing along his jaw. He angled his head back, letting goosebumps travel all over his body as her fingers lightly brushed along his neck. He bit his lip involuntarily, shuddering slightly, and giving in to the warm kisses that started following the traces of fingers.
Cas looked at his socks. He could hear his heartbeat in his ears. Feel the relief wash over him in cool waves. But he was numb. He couldn't move. When he looked up again, Dean was still standing on the tile, looking vulnerable and disheveled and lost.
Cas was suddenly aware that Dean’s eyes were on him, and he glanced over at his hunter hazily. Looking at him made Cas’s heart beat louder. He could get lost in those green eyes, and even though the lines on Dean’s face had deepened over the years, he was still beautiful. He blinked slowly and smiled as Dean flushed and looked back at the road. But one of Dean's hands found its way from the steering wheel, across the worn leather of the passenger seat, and into Cas’s.
Cas stared at her without comment. He knew what she was saying. He tried to hide the way he trembled when he thought about how Dean's eyes had lingered on his body this morning.
This abrupt proposal caught her off guard, but also filled her with happiness, and all she could manage was a small nod in place of words. So Sam produced a small ring box from his coat pocket.
Sam could tell how angry Dean was by the way he gripped the steering wheel. He also noticed that there were cuts and scrapes on Dean’s knuckles and wondered what kind of trouble he had been getting himself into. He didn’t think Dean had gotten in any fights since Benny, and it concerned him that maybe this indicated a pattern.
“You know...if I decided to switch teams, Gabriel would probably leave you for me, Balth. You better watch yourself".
Lisa felt an urgent need to know what was happening, so she sat. After brief introductions, Hannah and Dean resumed their conversation and Lisa listened.
By the time he reached his father's car with the needed supplies, John had started backing out of the driveway. Sam had to jog to open the door and dive in.
“You love me. I’m adorable. Quiche?”
"I know. We’ve talked about this at least a dozen times today. But it's going to be ok. I'm really sorry I pulled you away, Cas."
"I'm rooting for you, Cas. Let me know how lunch goes." He watched his brother start making his way towards the garage, and then pause.
"When did this happen, by the way?" Balthazar sounded sincerely curious.
Finally, Cas started to regulate his breathing, and his body slumped. He was snoring softly, and Gabriel lifted him back into his bed, covering him with the sheet. It was only 3:30, so he had 90 minutes to kill.
“Yeah,” Dean said unconvincingly. He didn’t look up. He was kneeling at the side of the bed, staring at the comforter, his hands folded in front of him.
“When do you want to leave?” Cas felt his chest tightening and he closed his eyes, trying to focus as he ran a hand over his face. He wasn't going to be able to say no.
"Are you kidding? That was awesome. And I'm the one who should say sorry. I got carried away. You made me feel so good, Cas. I'm going to be thinking about that every day until you fuck me."
the familiar shape of Cas’s hand there, and Cas saw him looking at it: “I can’t heal that one," he said. "It’s...a protective mark. I put it on you to keep you safe from any more demons while I was gone. It can’t be removed.” Cas looked up apologetically for a moment, his hands brushing lightly along Dean's hips as he sat on the floor, drinking in the beauty of his Nephilim.
He could only nod his head yes. There were no words for a moment like this. And then Cas was pulling out a silver blue ring from his pocket. In the right light it looked like it glowed just the tiniest bit. Cas slid the band on to Dean's ring finger and breathed deeply. "Angel grace," he said to break the silence, when he saw Dean inspecting the glow coming from the band.
"I'm sorry, I don't understand that reference." Cas tilted his head to the side again and squinted briefly, as though he should be wearing glasses but wasn't.
“Surprise…?” Sam shrugged, spreading his hands out and motioning towards the gathering of smiling people standing nearby. Everyone had seen the kiss, and they were all silent, not wanting to ruin the moment.
was. Whether it was fate or God or complete coincidence, everything that was happening was happening at a time when he desperately needed a fresh start. Thinking for the millionth time that falling in love with Cas could be his salvation warmed him to the core, because in spite of himself, he was sure he was falling in love. That’s why all of these details about life and the future were suddenly interesting to him. In the past he had always just been going through the motions, but now he was excited when he thought about it. He just had to get through this weekend and he could really slam the door in the face of all the bullshit. He wanted to start the rest of his life and being real with John was the last obstacle that stood in his way. He let Cas’s face take up residence in his mind again as he put more road behind him, pulling strength from it.
Once dressed, he found himself sitting at Dean's dining room table while Lisa finished cooking breakfast. Dean had changed into what he assumed was his "uniform" for his job - a black t-shirt, distressed, oil-stained jeans and steel-toe boots. It was so sexy that he had to train his attention elsewhere. He focused on the happy banter between Dean and Ben, and the humming he heard coming from the kitchen accompanied by the sound of bacon frying and the clatter of dishes being taken out of a cupboard. It all provided for a soothing ambience and it brought him comfort.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s quite a car,” Cas mused, as he came up to stand behind Dean with the dry-cleaning.
"Yeah Dean, I'm here. Are you sure? Why the change of heart all of a sudden?"
She figured out the mystery on her own one day when she walked in on him masterbating to gay porn. Not knowing what to do after that, and not quite being ready to give up the literal man of her dreams because he wasn't sexually attracted to her, she tried to be accommodating. For a while they watched it together and they could be intimate afterwards. But eventually, that, too, became unsatisfying because it was all a lie.
He rolled back towards Dean again, burying his face in his neck and planting small kisses behind his ear. He smiled softly when he felt goosebumps forming on Dean's back. Dean mumbled quietly before his eyes fluttered open and he rolled on to his back, pulling Cas on top of him gently and cradling his face in his hands, letting the world come in to focus.
It was simple, but beautiful. The porch is littered with flowers—in little pots, big pots, and hanging pots. Lavender bouquets were hanging from the ceiling and a cute little wind chime, of course with a bee and honeycombs, made of glass jingled softly in the wind.
he thought and suddenly, another path to the right appeared and he took it.
“Dean..I.. ” he said and stopped, he didn't know how to say it, but Dean nodded, grabbed one of Cas' hands and led him to his bed.
“Thank you.” It seemed like he was always thanking Dean. “Thank you for everything. Dean, I…”
, to live in heaven together,
Dean is unhappy. His best friend, Cas… he-he’s getting married, and Dean hates it. Sure, it's his own fault. He couldn't admit that he loved Cas since college, couldn't get his head out of his ass, and now he’s paying the price for it, ten years later. His heart has been broken since the day Cas told him he got a boyfriend. Shortly after that, the engagement broke his heart again. And soon… the wedding.
“Cas,” Dean whispered. “It—it’s so good to see you, I thought that… I would never see you again,” he admitted softly.
Dean frowned. Well, there are other people, more important people, he wanted to see, but he didn’t say anything. If this is heaven, his home could be anywhere, but for sure not near his father and mother.
Castiel puts a hand on Dean's cheek and kissed him back, what a wonderful feeling.
He sighed and got dressed before going to Cas’s room and taking care of the problem. It barely took him a minute. After the rough night, Dean decided that Cas deserved to be treated, so he went to the nearest coffee shop and bought two coffees and some pastries.
“Whoa, we don’t… need to play,” Dean says and reaches for the bottle of whiskey to prepare more shots. He slides everyone a glass. “Let’s drink… to Cas… and...” he stumbles over the toast. “And me- uh, Michael!” he yells against the music. “Whoooooop whooooop!” Dean laughs and drinks his shot. Sam and Gabe shared a look.
He hears Sammy sobbing right next to him, but it feels as though there's cotton in his ears making everything sound so far away. Slowly, he drifts into an endless sleep, slumping over in his brother's arms. Sam held him as tight as he could and cried.
Dean took a step closer to Cas, hugged him tightly, put his arms around him, and hid his face in the crook of Cas’s neck. Cas was a bit surprised, but hugged him back as he’d wanted this for so long. They hugged so firmly, that not even a piece of paper could fit between them. Cas closed his eyes and caressed the back of Dean's neck and they stood there for an eternity. Dean closed his eyes as well and breathed in Cas’s scent; he never really knew what Cas’s scent was. Do angels even have a scent? But, then again, who really cares.
“And how many more times do I have to tell you to call me Castiel, Dean?” he asked and started to wash his face.
Cas slowly woke up and rubbed his eyes. He looked around, but Dean wasn’t there. Suddenly, the door opened and there he was with a box of delicious-smelling sweets and coffee.
Dean nodded encouragingly. “There’s what?” he asked, caressing his arm.
Cas's shoulders shook with mirth. “Never,” he assured him. Dean grabbed his shoulders and pulled back slightly to really look into Cas’s eyes. He wanted to memorize his face, the look in his eyes, and his smile. He never thought he’d get to see this face again, and as much as he put up a front for Sam and the others, the truth was that he’d cry for Cas every night and would pray that he never forgot what he looked like. Dean would start off by praying to Cas, but he knew that his longing and grief was broadcasted to all angels by the time he managed to tire himself out and finally drift off to sleep.
“Cas, damn… please.” he moaned into his bed sheet and whimpered, his dick leaked with precum and he tried to fuck his mattress, but his dick just pushed into nothing.
he thinks and lets out a self-depreciating giggle.
Cas didn't get slower, he kept increasing his pace and moaned loudly. “Oh Dean, fuck.” he moaned and Dean pressed pause on his game and groaned.
Cas went quickly to the bathroom, grabbed his lube and crawled behind Dean on his bed. “Thank you.” he whispered and pushed Dean's shirt up and gave him a kiss on his back. He pulled Dean to his knees, so that his ass was in the air and grabbed the lube and prepared Dean's hole, pushed slowly one finger in him. Dean focused on his game but moaned quietly.
Castiel looked up and smiled, walked over to Dean. “That's very kind of you, Dean, thank you so much.” he said and looked into Dean's eyes and Dean stared back at Castiel. For a long time, they just looked into each other's eyes and didn't say a word. Castiel smiled and his cheeks turned slightly red, reaching for the plate and his fingers are touching Dean's.
bad. Dean never once laughed, not like other people who brushed it off and said he shouldn’t make such a fuss about it. Dean wasn’t like those people, and he certainly wasn’t like his older brothers Michael and Lucifer.
He is Cas best man. First off, he really doesn't want to be Cas’ best man… But he’s Cas best friend after all.
Gabriel smirks and answers, “Oh really, a kid game? Give your friends booze and they’ll spill all their deepest secrets! I don’t think this game has an age limit,” he proclaims. “So, who’s in?”
Cas stared at Dean for a few minutes. He couldn’t say anything; his mouth opened a couple of times, but nothing came out. And then he smiled, big and gummy.
Radiant blue eyes were nervously looking at him, but Cas smiled and put his hands behind his back. He wanted to hug him, but he was scared; there were so many unspoken words between them.
They pranked him a lot growing up, but the worst was when they put a bunch of butterflies in his room in the middle of the night. When he woke up in the morning covered in them, it triggered the worst panic attack of his life. Michael and Lucifer laughed themselves silly, and since his parents thought he was being ridiculous, they got away with it. Cas suspects they might’ve even laughed with them. The only person who showed concern for him was Gabe; Cas stuck close to him until Gabe moved out.
Cas’ clears his throat. “I don’t think that's a good idea,” he says and Gabriel pouts in response. “Dean is totally wasted, I should bring him home,” he says and Gabriel and Sam share a look.
He smiled at the little butterflies fluttering in the wind, the little bees searching for their pollen as he let his fingers wander softly across the petals of the beautiful flowers. His gaze roamed over the flowers, this moment felt like slow motion and a soft breeze blew through his hair. Dean smiled and closed his eyes, even if he’s dead, he wanted to feel this moment at the purest core. He’d never felt anything like that before, what was it? Peace? Love? Happiness? He didn't know, but it was so soothing.
. Something they couldn’t do when they were alive.
And it was blissful.
Dean nodded. “I’ll take care of it tomorrow, okay? I don’t wanna leave you right now.”
“I guess I’ll drive to Cas.” He waved to Bobby as he made his way to his car and then got in. Even though he’d just driven the Impala to the hunt, it still felt like it’d been too long since he was behind her wheel. He sat there in silence for a moment, looking around the interior and thinking about all the memories he had. He started her up, put her in drive, and went.
Dean grabbed the bottle of champagne off the table and took a drink before handing it to Cas. "Here's to you," he said thickly.
I could end it here, or I could keep going. Undecided. I have more written. Let me know if you have a strong opinion on it.
“What was it called?” Cas was trying not to laugh, but he was failing.
“He is, isn’t he?” Lisa glanced back at Dean and Ben, who looked to be sharing a private joke. When she looked at Cas again, her eyes were glossy, and she seemed to forget herself for a moment.
"Wanna tell me his name?"
“Dean, I don’t want to go,” he whispered, keeping his gaze focused on the floor of the car.
"Yeah. Sorry - what?"
Finally, Castiel raised one of his hands towards the monster, expelling a blinding flash of light, while simultaneously placing his other hand on Dean’s arm, and Dean immediately experienced a blinding, burning pain where Castiel had placed his hand. When he looked up again to survey the scene through hazy, tortured eyes, the demon seemed to be gone. But then everything went dark.
“Absolutely.” Cas reached for the towel and took it from Dean after he dried his hands with it.
"Me, too. I drink when I’m nervous."
“This is Baby,” he said proudly, and patted the roof before opening the passenger door and motioning for Cas to get in.
You don't even realise
"I hope so," Balthazar said. "Kid deserves to find some happiness." He looked thoughtful as he put together a turkey and cheese sandwich and put it in Gabriel's lunch bag. "How come we haven't ever introduced him to Dean? Couldn't we set them up now that Dean's single again? They would be hot together."
"Dean." He took Dean's hand and looked searchingly into his eyes. "You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. Ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell... knowing you has changed me. You’ve taught me selflessness...compassion...and the true meaning of family and of self sacrifice. You think you're not worthy of love, but you are. You think you're broken, but you're not. You deserve happiness more than anyone I’ve ever met. I want to be that happiness for you, Dean. The happiness that you’ve never let yourself have. I want to take care of you. Because I am going to love you until my dying day. Please let me love you the way you deserve to be loved."
Cas met Dean's glass halfway, and the sharp clink of the glasses was almost deafening as they sat in silence, both thinking about the heaviness of their impending circumstances.
A moment later, Ben appeared wearing Charlie's hat and carrying a single plate with both hands.
"Where are they now?" She signed.
"That wake was...unbearable." Cas tried to change the subject for a minute. As happy as he was that he connected with Dean, the evening's events at the funeral home weighed on him. "I wanted to feel something when I saw dad. Anything at all...sadness, happiness, anger...take your pick. But I felt...nothing. What does that mean?"
"I hate you. Have I ever told you that?"
, Dean thought affectionately, and shook his head, smiling.
"He left."
"I made you something, daddy. Can I get it?"
“Yeah,” Dean said again, looking up this time. “That sounds nice.”
“Don’t worry. I’m going to take care of you,” Dean said softly. He offered Cas his hand, helping him off the floor, and led him down the hallway towards his bedroom. On the way, Dean gave in willingly to Cas’s searching mouth in the darkness, finding himself pressed up against the wall, his hands pinned on either side of his head, entwined with Cas’s. The heat of Cas’s body flush against him was enough to have him panting with need, and after spending several seconds with Cas’s tongue fervently massaging his own, he  broke the kiss long enough for them to make it to their destination.
“That’s fucked up, right?” Gabriel looked at him, tears in his eyes now.
Don't think those stars won't align
Cas followed suit, opening his door and trying to straighten up and hold his head high. He had always been the smallest...the easiest to pick on.
“Battle angels. There are a dozen of us or so positioned in London at the moment.”
He knew he was interrupting an intimate family moment, and it was making him feel guilty. He was getting a glimpse into the life that Dean had lived for the last six years, and he envied it. At least this part of it. But Lisa had left him, and after what just happened in the bedroom, he was sure he knew why now. It was actually similar to what had happened with him and Hannah, and the fact that he wasn't alone in that way made him feel even closer to Dean. He knew he needed to learn more about this man; his curiosity was boiling over. But he shoved that down for now, knowing it wasn’t the right time or place to go there.
It took him zero seconds to return his thoughts back to Cas.
He was surprised when Dean leaned back and started groping him suddenly, trying to open his pants. "I wanna see you. I need to," he said breathlessly.
"Is this what you want? To take it slow?" He  purred huskily, looking up to see Dean's head thrown back, his body shaking, his legs trembling as though they would give out at any second.
I know I would rather be together alone
"I know I don't thank you enough for letting me help Cas when he needs me. It's a lot, and you're a Saint. I love you." Gabriel felt inspired by Cas's thank you in the driveway and felt that he should pay it forward.
"Yeah buddy. Meet you in the living room in a minute, OK?" Dean hoped he sounded normal when he said it, squeezing his eyes shut to concentrate.
Sam folded his hands and stared hard at the table, trying not to let the tears escape that he felt collecting in the corners of his eyes. He suddenly felt trapped and helpless. This was a huge burden for him to bear alone, and it would indeed be his alone once Cas was gone tomorrow.
"Dean, we walked."
"Mind if I join you?" Dean leaned in, straddling Cas on the couch and producing a bottle of lube with a sassy smile.  He brought Cas's hands to his belt and leaned in to kiss him, pushing his tongue urgently into his mouth,  fingers working to open the buttons on Cas's shirt.
"OK. Meet you in the living room." Dean sighed with relief as Ben's voice faded back down the hallway.
"Is this yours?" He couldn't help but be intrigued.
"OK."
In the middle of the night, he had woken up and saw that Dean fell asleep in the recliner. He couldn’t remember having ever seen such a perfect face before. It made his heart flutter a little bit. He found a blanket in the hall closet and covered Dean with it, and was happy to see that he was still there this morning, as gorgeous as ever.
“While you were in the shower?” Dean licked the knife he had used to cut the quiche before putting it in the sink.
“So...what I saw…was real? Are we real? This?” Cas hated how frantic he sounded.
“You ok?” It’s all Dean could manage. He slid into the passenger seat and closed the door.
“Because after I saw you, I started to dream. And angels don’t dream, Dean. But I did. I dreamt what you saw in that painting at the gallery. I saw blue and green, running together, creating harmony between heaven and earth. It was so beautiful.”
"Where's Cas?" He asked innocently. The question made Dean want to throw up. But he had to squish those feelings down for Ben.
"He actually seems happy today." Gabriel put his hands casually in his pockets before wandering into the kitchen to plant a kiss on Balthazar's neck. "He said he met someone."
He was surprised by how at home he felt walking up to the door. It gave him pause. He had felt so confident about his intentions in coming here before, and now...now his confidence faltered a little. He glanced out over the quiet lake, taking a deep breath. He didn't even get a chance to knock once before the door opened and John was wrapping him in a giant hug.
"I made it at Sunday school."
Suddenly something caught Sam’s eye on the back of the canvas in Dean’s hand, and he pulled an envelope from the frame.
They only made it as far as the couch.
"When?" Cas asked.
“I guess I could make that work. What time?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You - told Dean that you loved him?" Jack inquired, his eyebrows furrowed.
"And it's...a man?"
John's heavy boots were suddenly pounding up the stairs. He skidded around the corner much more quickly than a man of his size should be able to.
“Dammit, you scared me.” Cas sat up straighter and put the abused pillow down.
“Oh my God, I was hoping you would never hear about that.”
Dean intended to leave then, but somehow the conversation continued as the boys played together, until eventually Hannah offered them a snack so they could stay even longer. When Dean checked his watch, he realized Lisa would be by for Ben soon, so he texted her.
“Just...maybe stay open minded. The happiest I ever saw you was when you and Benny -”
We might burn like gasoline and fire,
“What do you mean? What happened?”
"Significantly."
"To the Winchesters. To family." Sam met his glass halfway and they sealed their agreement with a long drink of sherry.
"Don't", he said. "Just...don't." And he strode angrily out of the room. "Nobody follow me", he yelled back over his shoulder. And nobody did; at least not at first.
"Ok."
"It's just me here right now. Michael's at the funeral home helping to get things ready with Aunt Amara." Raphael walked backwards in front of them, as though he were trying to talk them out of staying. But Gabriel just picked up the pace, eventually causing Raphael to stumble and turn around so he was walking next to them.
"Yeah. Gotta tell dad a few things." Dean's eyes glazed and Lisa wished she hadn’t asked.
"Yeah!" Ben said and took a giant spoon of what looked like only marshmallows.
"So...this is yours?" Dean said, his voice gravelly and full of embarrassment.
"I KNEW YOU WERE TROUBLE WHEN YOU WALKED IIIIIIN…"
But it was there. And when Cas looked at him, he almost tripped over the step from the shop into the lobby. The whole morning he kept thinking about having Cas up against his bedroom door and it was a problem. But he had kept himself distracted enough to make it to lunch without having to hide a semi from his co-workers. It was a minor miracle.
Dean found this to be immediately funny. He started laughing as he attempted to sit up, grabbing Castiel around the waist and, as gently as he could in his ungraceful state, adjusting them both into a cockeyed, seated position.
"I don't know. I needed to see it. One more time."
"Then what are you doing here, staring into a fountain? That's probably not helping."
. He tried to occupy his few conscious thoughts with images of him, attempting to soothe his mind with memories of their kisses and of Cas's smile and...
“Sam! Did you get a text from --” He looked up and froze, the look of confusion on his face quickly turning to shock.
Cas couldn’t see what was going on, so it was hard to know what
"Dean…"
Upon further investigation of the set up, he saw that Sam and Eileen (probably Eileen mostly) had left snacks, and Sam had left a note:
"Yeah?"
Dean rounded to the front of the couch and knelt near Cas's face.
“I love you, Cas. Forever. I love you.”
“Naomi? Hi. It’s Cas.”
"Chill out, ya idjit. It’s gonna be fine."
"I'm sorry to hear that." There was a shift in John's voice when he said it.
"Later", Dean said, and untangled himself from Cas's lap before sauntering slowly over to the bed.
“Yes,” she said, and tilted her head to the side matter-of-factly in a very Cas-like way.
He finally heard the bathroom door open. Cas emerged in Dean's sweatpants...maybe they were a little tight. Maybe they looked a little too good? Dean crossed his legs and shifted in the recliner.
"No, it's OK.”
“How do you like it? Being teased?” Cas asked in a gravelly tone, removing his hands from Dean’s thighs to touch his chest and push him up so that they could make eye contact.
Jack nodded enthusiastically.
“And how do you even know about my sketchbooks? I’ve never mentioned them to you.”
"You...spent the night and...nothing?" He widened his eyes incredulously.
“Yeah, I heard you. How?”
Dean made it all the way out of sight before Cas heard his footsteps stop, and his head reappeared. "Cas?" He looked intentionally at Cas, who exchanged a quick glance with Sam, shrugged, and followed Dean out the door.
Sam had to put the eggs in the oven to keep them warm - Dean and Cas had disappeared for a half an hour and he started wondering if they would come back at all, or spend the rest of the day in Dean's room.
“Cas. What - “
“I would like that, yes.” Cas nodded and headed for the door.
Cas could hear a hint of fear in Dean’s request, and intended on spending the rest of the night kissing it away.
"What's with you?" He asked.
And for every door you open
"What? You're...staying? Near Chicago?"
“Do you...have any sherry…?” Dean inquired. He did not want to sound impolite, but he always found that he sketched better when he had indulged himself in a few glasses of sherry or wine.
Cas continued to be surprised by Dean's endless kindness. They had known each other a total of about an hour, and here Dean was, driving him to his employer’s home in the middle of the night so he wouldn’t lose his job. He would have to think of a way to thank this generous man. He wondered if it would be out of line to take him to lunch the next day. He decided to think it over before saying anything.
Cas nodded solemnly. He most certainly did, even though part of him wanted to say no...to suggest a walk or a meal or anything else. But the darker part of him, the part that knew alcohol was the only way to numb his fresh feelings, won. Gabriel needed it as much as he did, too. They didn't drink together often because well...for obvious reasons. But today was going to be an exception. So, they went to the bar. It was walking distance from the motel at least - everything in this damn town was walking distance.
“Since I was quite young, actually. But I’ve never shared them with anyone. Except Sam, but that’s because he can’t keep his nose in his own business.” Dean smiled an affectionate half smile when he thought about Sam and the fact that he owed him credit for this moment.
Ben skipped ahead of them on the way back, conversing with no one in particular, and Dean couldn't help but give sideways glances at Cas intermittently, enjoying the contentment that played on his face. He intended to fix the shit out of Cas' car this afternoon so he had a reliable vehicle. And then...he shivered thinking about sharing his bed tonight. He was giddy and so nervous he caught himself holding his breath.
"Me, too. Maybe it was fate that we were both here today?"
“Do you want to try something different?” Castiel asked, looking up briefly from his work.
of me.
"Cas? I'm talking to you."
"Can we afford a house?"
Dean stood in several moments of silence, further contemplating the work and finishing his glass of sherry, before he noticed another man in the room. He didn’t recognize this man, which was odd, considering he was sure he knew almost anyone who would be in attendance. It made him curious. The man was standing quietly across the gallery, arms folded, in seemingly deep contemplation about an artwork in the same way that Dean had been about the infinity painting. He observed that the man was well dressed in a tan overcoat, black waistcoat and blue cravat, which Dean noticed with amusement had been loosened, and the man seemed to squirm with the same physical discomfort that Dean had experienced moments ago from the heat.
He filled the radiator and put on a temp seal before he drove it slowly to Bobby's, taking extra care not to cause any more damage. He noticed when he drove it that the car was in desperate need of service, and planned to take the afternoon to fix as much of it as he could. He wondered how Cas had gotten to this point where he was alone, broke, and jobless. Did it have something to do with him being gay? He wondered if Cas wasn't open about it - if it was hard for him like it was hard for Dean and if that burden had affected his entire life. It was frustrating to think about what was happening to that sweet, beautiful man. He looked forward to spending more time with him and maybe strengthening the connection that he felt between them. If Cas was in to him, (he was pretty sure that was the case), maybe he could help with more than just car repairs - maybe they could help
"My car broke down again. It's at the shop. Just waiting for it to get fixed."
"How did you find out so fast?"
“You know I had to, Dean. And that...that’s why.”
Cas did look up when Anna came back with another drink.
"OK."
“Hey, man. I mean hey...Cas. C’mon, lighten up. You’re gorgeous. This vessel is gorgeous. He let a thick silence hover between them for a second, at a loss of what else to do or say to fix the awkwardness.
He looked up as an unfamiliar nanny came to the door, looming over him suspiciously.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just say thank you?" Dean tucked a wild piece of Cas’s hair behind his ear before skirting around him back into the house. He spied a suitcase near the entrance to the hallway when he got back inside, and was happy to know that Cas was taking their sleepover seriously.
"I think they could actually be good for each other."
Dean laughed. "He handles it alright. I hope his mom will let me celebrate with him this year."
“Not really. But...I can’t wait years for him to come back, Sam. I have to find him. He’s from Newcastle - I could go there.”
“Hey Cas? How far away does Naomi live? I could take you, if it means you won’t lose your job?”
“Call her.”
“We? You and...other angels?”
You've been lonely too long
Sam looked down at his phone. There was a call coming in and it was Dean. "Hey Cas? Can I call you back?"
This chapter is just sex. Wanted to mention it. You can skip it if you want.
The week after the gallery opening passed quickly, and Dean found himself too busy to engage himself in thoughts of his mysterious stranger, or his sketches, or much of anything beyond his duties at the estate. And for the first time  in as long as he could remember, he slept soundly without a single nightmare.
“I’m going home,” Cas says and bids goodbye to Gabriel, Inias, Balthazar, and Crowley. He sees Sam and Dean near the exit and heads towards them to say goodbye, too. He pushes himself through the crowd.
“Not when it’s still in my room,” Cas argued, his voice thick with tears.
“Thank you. Again.”
“I’m gonna come… Cas.. CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS!” he screamed, cumming all over his bed. Cas was so proud of him and pressed small kisses on Dean’s neck. He was coming shortly after Dean, deep in him, groaning his name. “DEEEEEEAN!”
Dean chuckled. “I said I repaired the insect net; it was loose on one side and I checked every window in the house too, all the nets are good.”
Dean figured he must’ve run out of his room before he could get in his pajamas. He smiled to himself, just watching the sun hit Cas’s face in a way that made him seem like an angel as his chest rose and fell in rhythm. He loved Cas deeply and he wished he was brave enough to voice his feelings, but he couldn’t push away the fear of possibly losing the best friend he’s ever had.
“I don’t want to play the stupid game,” Cas hisses angrily. He doesn’t know why he’s so angry, maybe Cas wanted just a relaxed get together, not a night in this stupid club with it’s too loud music and drunk friends. Especially drunk Dean. Or maybe he doesn’t want to play the stupid game because he would end up having to confess his truths? He could lie of course,
That voice. The sweetness in it. The connection he felt to this man. How gorgeous he was. Before Dean could change his mind, he moved to Cas and kissed him, and as soon as their lips connected, his mind shut up.
He saw Balthazar and Gabriel exchange glances. Balthazar winked secretly and Gabriel looked happy for a second.
Dean smiled, wishing He could kiss Cas right now. "You know...it seems like we have a lot to catch up on, if you're open to it. How about Tuesday? I get back Monday night. We could have dinner? Maybe -"
"Yeah, well. What happened with Cas was...unexpected. All of a sudden, he was on my doorstep after our poker game. His car broke down outside of my house. He was so defeated, like...this one thing was gonna break him."
"Dad?" Dean felt like his voice sounded higher suddenly.
"Thank you."
"It's OK. It's OK, that was...just a little too good. Do you want me to help?"
“It’s my favorite. It came to me in a dream”, Castiel said softly.
"That isn't what I was going to say, but...now that you mention it." Dean appreciated Cas's boldness, and he heard a cackle in the background.
"We've got time, Dean. Hours. Don't make me sit here and wonder. You know I hate that."
Silence on the other end of the phone.
Gabriel’s phone chimed with the sound of an incoming text message and he opened it, all the happiness he had felt before suddenly disappearing.
He hated saying it. The thought of waiting for an Uber and going back to his dark and lonely apartment grated on his nerves and became almost unbearable when he felt so safe in this car with Dean.
"What?"
"What?"
“What is it, Gabriel?” Cas was starting to worry - something was wrong.
, Cas thought. And he found a small wave of confidence from somewhere deep down to nudge Dean's face away from his shoulder, and held it in his hands, their foreheads almost touching.
“No, we fucking can’t.” Dean crossed his arms like a stubborn child, staring at the Netflix menu with a scowl.
Cas stopped in front of Dean and did that little head tilt thing that was usually kind of cute, but this time the gesture was accompanied by a slight eye twitch, and Dean immediately wished he could take back what he had said. Cas had never looked at him quite like that before. It was unnerving.
he had wanted to touch him since he opened the door the night before. He relished in the way that Cas’s chapped, full lips moved so perfectly with his own - how right it felt. When he moved his hands from Cas's chest, up to the dark stubble along his jaw, and finally carded his shaking hands through that dark, thick hair, he couldn’t help but groan with longing. He didn’t remember ever wanting anyone this much - even Benny.
"Yes. Something. Can we just...not?"
to his hunter's happiness was more satisfying than he could have ever fathomed. He only wished that all of this didn't have to be so bittersweet. But he supposed that was the way that things had always been with everything for the Winchesters.
Come on Dean, you can do it. You can fix this. I know you can...
"Aha." Balthazar nodded his head.
“I didn’t want to live without you. I actually didn’t think I could. I wasn’t healing because maybe I didn’t want to.”
Silence again.
Balthazar pulled up to the pickup zone at the hospital a short time later and Gabriel jumped in with a huge smile on his face.
“I’m sorry Cas. I’m so sorry.” Gabriel’s eyes were bloodshot.
Silence.
...and it was...
hard for him. What if he did something wrong?
"I'm proud of you."
He tried not to stare at Cas over breakfast. The last 24 hours of his life had been nothing if not confusing and bittersweet. The last fight with Lisa. The realization that he was about to be alone...again. The melancholy feeling and silence that followed his family's departure. The poker game with Sammy and Gabe and Balth that distracted him enough to get through the first few hours of absolute hell. And then the knock on the door that changed...everything. The angel in crisis, standing on his doorstep. The conversations...the sleepover...this bizarre morning...the gorgeous man at his breakfast table, blending in as if he had always been there. And now, how quickly Ben was warming to Cas. Somehow Dean's heart was empty and broken, but simultaneously full to bursting.
, Dean thought, and headed towards the festival grounds.
He really had no idea what to do in a situation like this. His heart was speeding up and he couldn't stop it.
"Can I help you, sir?"
“Dean...please.” Cas laced his fingers through Dean’s and guided his hands down between his legs. “I...want you.” He looked almost desperate, and Dean felt momentary helplessness. He had never done anything like this before, and now he had a gorgeous man above him, wanting him...who was
"No. It's no problem. I don't mind. We were never married. Not together anymore, either. Ben isn't biologically mine. I sure have loved the dad job, though."
"What was that, Cas?"
"I am...most enthused by your commitment to appreciating the art, my Lord," the mysterious gentleman said as he arrived next to Dean.
"That's a bit forward."
“What’s the meaning of all this, Dean?”
All your perfectly delivered lines
Jodi and Claire were absent for his departure, but Sam and Eileen stood by to see him off.
"How's it going, honeybee? Wanna make me one of those?"
"I'm doing normal people things", he said, and gave Sam a tight lipped smile before going back to studying the board.
“Not this time,” He whispered, and steadied Dean on top of him, relishing in the feeling of their bodies being so close. He started rubbing their hips together, creating maddening friction between them. "Its my turn to take care of
She didn't acknowledge him at first, so he stayed quiet.
"Yeah."
He surprised himself with this foreign sense of positivity. Mostly because he actually believed it.
“God, I still remember when I introduced you and Balth and he recognized you right away from that movie you were in...um...what was it?” Anna laughed to herself.
Dean nodded and  proceeded to open Baby's passenger side door. He stood up slowly and wandered back towards the house. He was going to have to figure out a way to make all of this up to Cas. His mind was already frantically reviewing options, but he was coming up empty.
