“What was that?” Sam’s voice sounded strained. Dean sighed dejectedly. Great, he thought as he considered Emma. Probably going to have to hire a family car, with a baby seat.
“Of course I did! I thought you were doing it too,” He gestured wildly towards the angel. “I mean, you’d been so depressed and sad lately, barely sober these days, I figured if there was anyone who could help you, it’d be
“One class tomorrow, and it’s Rufus’ Editing and Publishing class,”
Instead of the multitude of different couches in varying points of the room, there was only one couch, in the perfect position from the projector screen. Although, Dean thought, to call this a ‘couch’ would be modest. It rather looked like a massive Californian-King-sized bed, complete with a fluffy and comfortable headrest. Blankets of down feathers, along with massive pillows covered in crushed velvet, adorned the bed. Dean spotted a massive purple pillow sitting right in the middle of the headrest and knew he wanted to snuggle into it as soon as possible. Off to the side of the room, there was a table with a wide variety of sweets and drinks. Towards the other corner, Charlie had a collection of candles burning softly, making the room swim in the scent of something woodsy and spiced. Dean liked it, but he couldn’t help the flush that cascaded over his face as he heard his companions approach the door behind him.
“What are you implying?” Cas frowned. Sam’s lip quivered as he held back a bubble of laughter at the angel’s confusion.
“Good morning, Dean,” His mother was the first to speak, as Dean cut into his eggs to watch the yolk explode all over his toast. “I trust you slept well,”
“Something important happened between you two when you sacrificed yourself to save Dean, didn’t it?”
The scent of dried blood hit him square in the face as Dean pressed his lips to Benny’s, thrilling as the vampire’s lips yielded instantly. He grasped onto his jacket, holding him close. It was a violent clash of tongue and skin, but Benny put a stop to it sooner than Dean would’ve wanted. He brought both his hands up to frame Dean’s face, ignoring the breathless human as he pierced him with his fire-blue eyes.
Worked out well for Dean, too.
“Ask. You won’t get anywhere unless you ask questions, Dean,”
'...wanna see what's underneath those slacks. You certainly picked a good vessel, a good way to fuck with my head. Remindin' me of all the times I wanted to take up those offers of dirty motel room hook-ups and dive-bar bathroom blowjobs, but trust me, angel, none of those men could hold a candle to you,' He let out a bark of a laugh. 'Knew you'd be trouble the second I laid eyes on you in that barn. Knew you'd haunt my dreams until I either gave in or died before I ever had the chance and guess what? I fuckin' died, didn't I? But this Mark gave me a second chance, Castiel. The Mark is my second chance, it's my salvation.' He let out a low noise, close to a moan. 'Touch me, Cas. Give me a little taste of heaven,' Sam noticed Dean's wrists were getting jumpy, and he was reminded of Crowley back in the church. Sweat was washing over his forehead, lips cracking from dry-mouth, eyes getting more bloodshot as he continued babbling.
me. Not the homicidal maniac you saw before the blood. But,’ He hesitated, before shrugging and blinked. He knew his eyes were shining darkly by the look of horror on Sam’s face, and the look of slight disgust on Cas’. ‘I’m also a demon. The Mark didn’t want to let go,’ Dean got out of his chair in time to see Sam pull out the demon knife. ‘That’s cute, Sammy. You know that doesn’t work on me. I mean, it’ll hurt like hell, sure,’
sounded better in my head, oh God...” He murmured. It was Castiel’s turn to blush furiously, trying not to choke on his drink. Sam cackled.
“I know, Dean.” Dean opened his eyes to find Cas giving him a heart-wrenching smile, and his spirits lifted, for a moment. That was all Dean ever got with Cas. Just a moment.
” Cas shouted, and Dean laughed, breathless.
you, Dean Winchester?’ Dean pointedly looked anywhere
Wait,
“So, where were you and Eileen traveling to?”
“I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows, and in the sand, in the rocks, and the sea.” Jack smiled.
“We’ll hatch a new plan here,” They reached the mouth of a cave, and Dean felt his tongue dry up at the sight of the dandelions piled near the entrance. Benny gave Dean a wink as they walked into the cave.
“I do,” Cas spoke quietly, a small smile on his face as Dean choked on his drink. His eyes bulged out of his head slightly as he coughed to clear his throat. Cas continued to poke at his food before deciding to test the waters. “I was wondering, since I’m no longer an angel, if you’d be amenable to teaching me how to shoot a gun, and how to spar,” Dean placed his coffee cup down, and when Cas glanced up at him through his eyelashes, the hunter raised his eyebrow.
“I’m a whiskey fan, myself,” His voice wavered, but the glowing smile on Castiel’s face helped him feel more settled. “But I prefer it neat, so I take it easy. Don’t tell Dad, though. He’ll freak if I had a drink when he didn’t,”
The second time, Dean didn’t ask for Cas to join him. The angel stood by his side, as he had for a while now, ever since they kick-started the apocalypse. Tonight was different. Instead of Sam struggling with his addiction, his brother was still off pretending he had nothing to do with hunting. Zachariah had thrown Dean into an axis-spinning version of the future and thought he had Dean within his snare. Castiel had yanked him away from the pious angel, and Dean had found himself never being more thankful for Cas’ call earlier in the night.
story,”
“Ya know,” He mused softly over his beer, peering at Jack’s familiar blue eyes. “You’re so much like your father, it gives me whiplash sometimes,” Jack frowned.
“C’mere,” He murmured, wrapping the blanket over his right shoulder and pulling it out with his left arm. Cas stared incredulously before letting himself be wrapped into Dean’s arm and the blanket. Warmth flooded his body instantly. “Jesus, you’re like a space heater,”
“Oh yes, he’s had quite a few of them. Sam too, I suppose, but I’ve had to comfort Dean more times than Sam,” He shrugged. Jack frowned. “What’s the matter?”
He is made of nothing but love.
‘Heya dickwad, guess what?’ Dean shrugged, fighting down his seething anger. ‘They’re probably just trying to find
“But you want to, don’t you?” The rough voice sounded...strange. There was a gentle melody behind it, like the ending of a movie. But there was no way the movie ended yet. What movie were they even watching anymore? Dean sighed in frustration and figured he’ll just indulge in the dream his subconsciousness seems to be giving him in place of his usual nightmares. “You love him.” Dean frowned.
“Why not a job here at Sandover?” Dean was fascinated by the smiling lips mere inches away from his. Castiel drew in a deep drag of his cigarette, before moving to breathe out the way of Dean. A snare of disappointment caught in his chest, and the older man huffed a private laugh.
“Cas, no―” That was all Dean managed to get out. The gentle push of the angel’s lips embraced Dean’s, and the hunter melted into Castiel’s embrace. Cas didn’t let up, kissing in small movements, tongue lightly running along the bottom of Dean’s mouth but never yielding further in their exploration. When they broke apart, Cas pressed his forehead against Dean’s.
“Fuck off, Benny, we didn’t have a
“He’s already told you that,” Sam sighed. “You two share a ‘more profound bound’, remember?”
“I’ll be honest, Cas, the only places in Purgatory I remember are the lake we found you by, the hilltop where we broke out, and―” Dean’s throat closed, memories cold on his tongue.
‘Dean,’ The angel breathed, barely audible through his half-parted lips. But Dean’s spent
“Good morning, everybody. Hope it’s not too warm for you. That sun is heating us up, isn’t it?” This was good, Arthur had told him. Keep the conversation light in the beginning, before giving them the reason behind the press conference. “I’m excited for the Summer Solstice masquerade ball we’re throwing to raise funds for charities each member of the family holds dear to their heart. I’m excited to announce my charity of choice is The Trevor Project, a national organisation providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention for LGBTQIA+ youth,” Dean paused as the crowd roared with applause, and it made him smile to see how much approval he was garnering. “I have many friends and allies who are a part of the LGBTQIA+ community who have benefited from The Trevor Project, and,” He took in a quick breath, and he didn’t even have to look to know Cas was shuffling himself closer to Dean, ready for anything. He held a real smile at the unswerving loyalty. “As a bisexual man myself, the charity means a great deal to me.” There was a brief pause as the crowd absorbed what Dean said, and once it settled, the roars of approval cascaded all through the castle grounds. Tears rose to Dean’s eyes, but he controlled himself enough to hold them back, grinning widely. The crowd started to settle, and Dean took the opportunity to thank them.
“Fucking finally.” Sam heaved out a heavy sigh of relief.
His thumb hovered over the ‘call’ button next to his name, but before he could give himself a chance to second-guess his decision, he tapped on it and held the phone to his ear. The call was ringing, ringing, ringing, ringing. It seemed to go on forever, and perhaps this wasn’t worth it, Dean thought, as he went to pull the phone away―
“Just started, but humour me. Does it get worse?”
“No matter, it’s alright, love. You’re doing so well, you’re so good,” Cas brought his hand back into Dean’s locks, pulling so the hunter would look into the angel’s grace-glowing eyes. “You’re still my good boy, Dean. You’re always my good boy,”
,” He gestured between the two of them. “Are fucking stupid, you know that, right?” He chuckled mirthlessly. Cas hummed as he took the final sip of coffee from his cup, before begrudgingly placing it down and out of his hands. He turned back to Dean, taking both hands in his.
“I may not be an angel, anymore, Dean,” He growled. “But I still need your explicit permission before I take you,”
A single tear crept from his eye as he slowly bricked his feelings away again. Before he could do much more, there was a knock at the door.
“By the way, I listened to the playlist you put together for me,” Dean breathed into Cas’ mouth, and Cas brought his lips to Dean’s neck so he could continue talking. Loud panting came from Dean’s lips now, and Cas nipped his skin gently to encourage him to keep speaking. “Ah, thought they were all sappy love songs. Not that I didn’t appreciate them, they were beautiful, but that ‘Ruin The Friendship’ one was...”
As soon as he met the mildly bracing wind outside the lobby doors, Dean found a vacant taxi and tried to calm his mind enough to avoid tripping over his words when he climbed into the back seat.
‘Dean Winchester?’ The demon tried to school his features to look uncaring, but his cards were already laid on the table. ‘So, that means this is the famous
“Hey, Cas, are you home?”
“Don’t ever change.” He kept his eyes on his friend, who’s expression softened into something Dean had never seen before. His face seemed almost
“No, Your Highness. Of course not,” She dropped her gaze.
“Dean,” Cas regarded him softly. “I know. But I need you to understand, I will always be here for you. So will Sam. You don’t have to go through any of this alone,” He smiled at Emma, who was staring at Cas with her big green eyes. “What exactly has you scared?”
“I just...never thought Dean would have anything to be afraid of,” He mused quietly.
“Her soul is the same as yours, but there’s something else there too,” Cas murmured as he squinted at the baby. “Dean, didn’t you mention once that you had a daughter, with that Amazon lady?”
“That depends,” A bitter crack hit Dean’s throat. “Seems like we aren’t enough for you,” Of course, he meant the rest of them, too. Sam and Bobby, alongside him. But the intention didn’t shine through. Dean knew it, and he knows Cas could hear it too.
unintentionally training his ears to hear his name spilling from that holy mouth. He smiled earnestly.
“Sammy, who’s this?” Dean gestured to Cas. The question ricocheted through Cas’ body like he’d been pierced by an angel blade. Everything turned icy blue, and the only thing Castiel could see was his best friend, his charge, his
“Saving the world, ya know,” Dean shrugged, all nonchalance. “The usual.”
soon. Hopefully, if he could pluck up the courage, maybe even definitely
“What’s that?” Castiel snapped his head back up. Sam smirked.
“No, we can’t. Not without the sunlight,”
“What about Crowley?” Sam frowned. Dean and Cas shared a look of concern.
“You’re really―” Sam took in a deep, shuddering breath before pulling back. “Is that her?” His words fell out of his mouth like tiny little bubbles, popping as the sound reached Dean’s ears.
“Oh, nothing, just...we had a bet going, him and I. This was way back, obviously. Probably around the time Dean was hell-bent on saying ‘yes’ to Michael and he kept openly hitting on you,”
. Blood started seeping from the small wounds in his skin, and Dean stared incredulously at his hands.
drinks now,”
“You got it.” Dean beamed, and Castiel nodded in agreeance. With that, Sam left, and it was just the two of them.
.” Jack walked over to Sam, taking hold of his wrist and gently guided Sam out the door. Dean gave Jack a small smile, and he nodded before they disappeared out of the room. Dean snapped his gaze back to Cas.
, Dean thought as he put his dishes away. He was deliberately making Dean feel emotions he hadn’t felt in...well, if he thought about it,
Time passed, as it does, and Dean had found himself back in Purgatory, feeling a panic bubbling in his chest. He’d let himself get jumped, let himself be led astray, and now they were running out of time and he can’t find Cas. He can’t find Cas. He can’t find Cas. As he fell to his knees and prayed, he felt as if Cas was right there beside him. Tears spilled from his eyes. Purgatory truly did bring out his emotions. He couldn’t see his stars, with the day flushing them away, but he knew they were there. Lost to him. But he knew they could hear him like he knew Cas could. Before he had the chance to tell Castiel what he told the stars all those years ago, the angel reminded him of the mission. Of course. No time to lose.
“I’m good, although you’re welcome to drop the formalities, if you wish, Benny,”
This was their first big fight, and it ended with Cas storming out. They’d been together through most of the important things in life― starting as freshmen at college together, Dean dating and dumping Lisa, Cas dating and being dumped by Mick, Dean’s father’s accident and death, Sam getting into the college of his dreams, graduating college together, celebrating when Dean got his big break in his managerial position at Sandover Industries, getting too drunk after Cas announced he had been promoted to the lead accountant at his firm― and because of that, the friendship they’d forged seemed like it was indestructible.
“One, you’re afraid that the deeper our attachment runs, the more likely I’m going to end up in danger as bait, which is a ridiculous notion because I already am just by being friends with the Winchester brothers so you can put that out of your mind right now,” He could see Dean trying to talk over him, but he just kept steam-rolling right ahead, the
“I’m glad you think so,” The gentle rumble of a familiar voice dripped into his ears and straight to his soul. Castiel must’ve felt Dean tense up because he traced soothing patterns into the hunter’s back. “You’re okay, Dean. You’re safe, it’s just me, just your Cas,” He murmured continuously, and Dean took in a deep breath.
“You need to
“Thank you,” Dean breathed, glancing nervously to Benny’s lips. The other man noticed and let out a low chuckle.
“Don’t you think it’d be best for―”
“Mock you? Me?” Dean used his free hand to press into his chest in feigned hurt. “You wound me, little brother,”
“And who’s this beautiful little thing?” Mick’s gaze softened as he smiled at Emma, who wasn’t looking at the strange man. She was frowning at Dean, and she pressed her hands to Dean’s cheeks.
********
“That wasn’t there before, was it, Benny?” Dean breathed, still staring into the black abyss below. Cas pulled him further away from the edge before letting go of Dean as if the touch burned him. Benny glanced curiously between the two of them before nodding.
So. It's all over. The show is over and I don't think I'm going to be okay about it for a while. Probably ever. I cannot believe they did Dean that dirty. He deserved better than that. And Cas...my comfort character deserved so much better than the Bury Your Gays trope.
Of a difficult case, of a dead-end Leviathan chase. Of a drink with a woman tripping on his lies. Of a one-night-stand leading to something so accelerated and unexpected. Of learning to love a monster with his blood in her veins before he’d even got to know her. Of watching her expression change from tentative hope to painful shock as the bullet ricochets through her chest. The symbol burned on her wrist...Dean glanced at the baby’s arms and breathed a small sigh of relief to find her completely unblemished.
“Just had to restrain myself from screaming at Lord Adler for his comments about ‘picking a side’ and ‘going for the ones that produce an heir’,”
,” Benny crooned, staring back at Dean. “You were too lost in the forest of Dean and his green eyes,”
Dean went straight into auto-pilot, even as his hands clamped down on the steering wheel. The blood pulsing through his veins dried up into dust as Cas’ words pulled forth memories Dean had long since buried under the passage of time and the excuse of death. He quickly checked to make sure there were no cars on the desolate evening highway before pulling off onto the sidelines. He had the driver’s side door open before Cas tried to stop him.
The third time was painfully different. There was a distance between them. Dean longed to reach out and hold the angel, but everything between was shipwrecked. Anger swarmed his head as he looked at Castiel, but his forlorn gaze almost gave Dean pause.
it out. The book would’ve found me. You get me?” Dean raised an eyebrow, and Cas schooled his features into a sober expression.
“Yes?” There was nothing intrusive about the way Cas’ voice curled like smoke through the phone. Dean suppressed a shiver at the slight growl in his tone. Perhaps hearing Dean again after so many years was affecting him too. Who was Dean kidding? Of
Except for Castiel.
He lunged towards the hunter, threading his body up against Dean as he looped his arms around him. Cas twisted enough that Dean stumbled into the ground, and he fell on top of him, straddling the hunter around the waist and pinning him down by the wrists. Castiel could see Dean’s pupils trying to swallow his green irises, so he leaned in, close enough to share heavy gasping breaths.
“Hmm?” The sound came out in a low growl and judging from the sharp uptick in Dean’s heart rate, the hunter took it as such.
“Can I show you something if you promise you’ll hold onto it, even when we get you feeling better?” This was either going to change the trajectory of the rest of their lives together, or just for the night, but he needed to reassure Dean. He needed Dean to understand
“Yes, Dean,” Cas smiled, reaching out to take both Dean’s hands, and pulled him in for a hug. “We’re going to be more than alright, I’d imagine,” He whispered into Dean’s ear, sending an unbidden shiver down the hunter’s spine. “I love you so much.” The words thrilled him like no other, warming his heart and sinking right into his bones.
It could not withered be.
“Holy
“Jack
“Dean,” He warned, and the prince gave Cas a sheepish grin.
the angel’s lips were to his skin. He could feel the supernova warmth washing over his body, causing his cheeks to turn red.
“I’ve been wanting you,” He lifted his hips slightly, and started slowly grinding himself down, tightening the maddening grip on Castiel’s heart. “Ever since you told me you loved me, ever since I apologized to you in Purgatory, ever since we nearly lost each other entirely,” Dean’s hands searched for Castiel’s palms and locked them together, using the pressure to help lift himself and drive back down with equal force. “I’ve been wanting you since you walked out on me, since you were dying and said you loved us all, since you came back from Lucifer, since you broke the mild control connection with Heaven, since―” Dean moaned as Cas started to thrust up in time with Dean’s motions.
As they entered the room, Dean could see the demon in question was tied down to a broken chair. Spikes of wood were pressing into the demon’s meatsuit lightly, but Dean could already anticipate how useful those spikes would be. The wood on the chair looked worn by age, and it looked out of place in the otherwise pristine and fresh bedroom.  Crowley had even had the fortitude to lay a plastic tarp down on the floor underneath the demon. Dean huffed a laugh at that. He can fault Crowley for many things, but one thing he would never call him out on is his ability to be
“As soon as Sam is well enough, I’ll be able to stay for as long as
“Which is yourself, you know that, right?” Another beat of silence sat between them, and Sam stared wistfully at Cas’ glass.
until they call on me?” He pulled his arms across his chest, trying to bury his heart just a little deeper.
―” The moan came out almost unbidden, unbeknownst to Dean. He just wanted Castiel to
“And I got him anyway, so look at that,” The Empty laughed. “Two for the price of one,”
After the hunt, Lee had made a flippant comment about how Dean was going off on his own, no longer following around for Daddy’s orders, and Dean lost it at him. He started yelling and throwing shit at him, and Lee just...stood there, with a maddening grin on his face. Once Dean had stopped with the yelling, all he could think of was how he wanted to do
containing Castiel’s weeping cock. The front of the panties looked soaked in precum. Dean’s mouth went dry again, and the dry itch in his hands spread to his arms and up his neck. He
Dean’s phone rang shrilly from his pocket. Both men threw themselves back so hard, Cas knew his lower back was going to be aching tomorrow morning. Dean refused to meet Castiel’s eyes as he answered his phone.
fell on his ears. Dean widened his eyes. “Cas. Cas, she―”
“Only two each, though, and we ought to pace ourselves. Class tomorrow,” Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean glanced up, looking into the pouring sky above, and tried to scream out. He tried to call out for his best friend, his confidant, his savior, his angel. Instead, he saw Jack, standing on the edge of the cliff and smiling down at Dean. Panic ricocheted through Dean’s bones, but he still reached for Jack, silently pleading for help.
There is also an unsettling letter sent to Dean towards the end of the chapter.
His throat tried to close, but he needed to push the emotion out. Now or never, Winchester.
“Well, the potion requires me to indulge in my wildest fantasies with someone I have an attachment to, right?” Cas squinted as he nodded slowly, thumb rubbing slowly along the front of his throat. Dean couldn’t help the hard swallow before he continued speaking. “Kinda limited in my options here, buddy,” Cas’ gaze flashed with severity.
“Cas, please, fuck me,” He moaned. Cas pressed a bruising kiss into his lips, and he heard the tell-tale snick of the lube being opened.
Cas felt a huge weight roll off his chest as he folded the paper up. His grace tingled hopefully as he put all of Dean’s possessions back where he found them. Now all he must do was wait.
“I trust you, my love,” He breathed, tilting his head back slightly as he closed his eyes. There was a feeling of a burning knife slicing into his neck, creating a rip in his being for his barely-flickering grace to slip out into the ether. Castiel watched as Dean scooped the shimmering substance into a vial hanging around his neck. He pushed a stopper into place before reaching back to Castiel’s neck. The golden glow settled onto Cas’ skin and made it so his skin had never been broken in the first place. Cas pulled his neck back in time to see Dean smiling wider than he’d ever seen before. The Shadow had reduced itself to a rotting pile of black snakes, slithering and hissing, but never coming close to either Dean or Cas.
,” The intensity in his gaze amped up, and his voice came out like fire, yet he still moved softly as a feather on a light breeze towards Cas. The angel brought his hands to close over the hunter’s hands, and their lips met. At once, Castiel felt his grace and Dean’s soul let out a small sigh. I know you, they seemed to say.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” He croaked out, rubbing his cheek into the soft material of his t-shirt covering Cas. The same thrill of possessiveness Dean had last night when he saw Cas throw on his favourite Led Zeppelin tee made itself known by humming contentedly in his chest. Cas gave him a dopey grin.
“Screw you, I’m hilarious,” Dean muttered.
“Dean Winchester, I have always known the feelings you hold deep in your soul regarding me.” The words twisted into the sinews of his left arm, and he felt a sharp tension rise in his chest.
to stay with her,” His voice hardened, inviting no suggestion of argument. “Let’s go home, Dean. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry for bringing up something I had no right to mention,” Dean choked on a dry laugh.
together,” Dean blinked stupidly.
“...what’d I miss?” Sam frowned, glancing behind him to see Dean bolting up the stairs and out of sight. “Thought he was teaching you?” Cas sagged his body against the barrier.
**********
“That, Sam, is where you’re wrong,” She cackled, and Dean winced as the skin around his hands began to tighten. “This special little potion was actually meant for you, my dear, but I suppose it’d work just as well on your precious brother. You see,” Her dark brown eyes shined with excitement as she smiled knowingly at Dean. “This potion runs
“I don’t know, Dean,” If he was speaking to anybody else, they wouldn’t have caught the slight uptick in his cadence, suggesting frustration. “Do you
“We missed you,” Jack murmured into Cas’ chest.
“Sorry, I would’ve as soon as Cas got here, but, uh, there’s been a new development,” Dean rubbed his thumb into Emma’s back softly, and she turned to him with a big smile. “Uh, turns out Chuck and Amara wanna patch things up and try being a family,”
‘I think,’ Cas kept a cautious eye on Dean. ‘Perhaps we should discuss this later,’
“I tried to hide in your dreams, to appear before you and give you comfort and stay with you as you went to Hell,” Cas spoke lowly, as though Heaven itself would hear him confess and come to chase him away again. The fires of fear in the angel’s eyes cautioned Dean of Heaven’s retribution. “They did not approve, of course, and pulled me away from you just before I could appear in your dream,”
“Oh? Pray tell, I might be able to clear it up,”
Dean thought, and he noticed Jack’s smile twitch. “They’re going to need answers.”
“Emma? As in...”
Baby...he left her with Sammy. She was probably not going to see much sunlight and road anymore, given Sam’s perchance to leave his memories untouched to better preserve them. That’s all Dean was to him now, just a memory. That heavy feeling in his chest punctured the bloody wound he died with, now healed up completely.
Also, this is where sexual references start to kick in, so you're aware. There's nothing too explicit at this point, and I will make a point to highlight if something is overly explicit in upcoming chapters.
“That’s it, that’s her. Nope. Don’t like her,”
“Of course, straight to business with you. No ‘hello offspring of my angelic vessel who I finally decided to try and take responsibility for, tell me how you are and what you’ve been up to,’?” The snark was so strong, Dean had to bite his tongue to stop from snickering. Cas rolled his eyes.
what Dean wanted when he was like this. They hadn’t spoken in three years, except for the text the older man sent Dean as he left: ‘if you ever want me back, you know what I need to hear from you’.
“Wait, it’s midnight?” Dean nodded. “Happy New Years, Dean.” He smiled.
, not an
as he glanced at Castiel’s slacks.
“Sounds like you don’t like the guy, Cas,”
“How are you feeling, Dean?” He asked again, and he caught teardrops on the tips of his fingers as a river started flowing from the hunter’s concerned gaze. The concern turned into fear and confusion. He glanced down between them, and all at once, Castiel felt Dean’s body grow colder.
********
“Miracle?” A voice called from the hallway. Not just any voice. Castiel’s heartbeat picked up as he stood up to face Dean Winchester. The hunter was wearing his raggedy old Led Zeppelin shirt and the hotdog pajama pants Sam had bought him as a gift so many birthdays ago. Gone were the semi-permanent stress lines on his face and gone was the constant tremor in his fingers that suggested he was ready for a fight at any turn. Freedom looked good on the man, Castiel decided.
“Say it, out-loud,” Cas licked his lips, wrapping his hands into the tie and pulling it taut against Dean’s throat. “Tell me what you prayed to me. Call me what you said in your head,” The icy-hot sensation continued to spear into him, but it also began to cascade all over his body, touching feather-light kisses all over Dean’s body. “You can whisper it if it shames you to say it. Go ahead, boy, let me hear you,”
“Where is Mother Dearest? I thought she’d want to be a part of the itty-bitty selection committee,” Dean threw one his pieces of popcorn up in the air, catching it easily in his mouth.
As the night drew to a close, he parted from his last dance partner...Cain, he thinks the man’s name was. Sam was standing by the stairs, holding two glasses, and Mary was beaming at him. Oh well, at least he can help Charlie narrow the list down to ten suitors, one for each week starting tomorrow. Dean’s eyes found Castiel’s from over near the exit door, and he felt a heavy stab hit his gut. At least he’ll still get to keep Castiel by his side, regardless of who he settles for. The bleak silver lining was faded like sidewalk chalk, but he refused to acknowledge the rain washing it away.
CW// blood, torture, mentioning of bleeding out, knives
“But…Bobby? Charlie?” Dean bit his lip, barely daring to hope. Jack just smiled, before opening his palms widely.
“Back at you, sweetheart,” Dean pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’ head. The only sound was their breaths catching in the air before Dean started to squirm underneath Cas. “Dude, messy,”
“Fine, fine. If you can find yourself a suitable replacement before the end of the summer, then you can marry her instead of Carmen. Happy?” Mary crossed her arms. Dean mirrored her.
“Your brother loved him, didn’t he?” She nodded, and Sam felt his frustration curling around his abdomen. He can’t forget anything, he won’t, he won’t let the memory of Dean fade before him. He
. Dean pulled away from Cas, still keeping his arms firmly around his angel, to give his brother a shit-eating grin. Both Sam and Eileen were staring at him with raised eyebrows, but interestingly, neither one looked particularly surprised.
Dean couldn’t help feeling slightly restless Monday morning. He didn’t get any sleep the night before, and he was certain that wasn’t going to be fair on his next date.
“Yes?” Still as gentle as ever. Sam wasn’t used to this, not since he shunned the weight of the Winchester name. It was easy with the others because they didn’t know the hell he’d been through with his family and the monsters they hunted. This was different. Mick knew
, and he’d only ever felt that once before.
The first instance arrived towards the end of the semester when everybody was scrambling to pull together their presentations regarding one of the many stories they’d studied during the course. Castiel had dismissed the class early, in favour of letting them out to enjoy the one nice day of early summer weather they’d had in a while. The sun was shining, but it wasn’t uncomfortably hot, and there were only scattered white clouds floating in the azure sky. Cas cleared off the whiteboard with a small smile on his face when he heard a gentle cough from behind him.
“Wait,” Benny breathed, inhaling the air. “There’s too many,”
Also, I came across a headcanon on Twitter for Supernatural which inspired me to expand more on the nature of Dean's reaction to angel grace. The headcanon was for if Supernatural was a show on HBO instead of the CW, there was the suggestion that you could become addicted to the feeling of being healed. Not quite what's going on here, but...keep it in mind.
“Emma can communicate her thoughts through touch if she wishes. I’m surprised she hasn’t tried to do that for you yet,” Cas reached for the coffee carafe, pouring the freshly-brewed coffee into two mugs. One mug had a sunbeam on it, and the other had a little bluebird on it, with a speech bubble saying, “Good morning to you!”. Dean bought the second mug for Cas as soon as he slyly mentioned coffee molecules were probably his most preferred ones to consume.
touch her,” Mick stumbled back, the back of his knees hitting the chair. He collapsed into it, a look of both fear and amazement on his face. The air around them simmered, and Cas appeared in Dean’s line of vision.
“Cas, please. I,” He choked on his own nerves, so he swallowed and tried again. Castiel stared patiently at him. “I
“Your father’s a fan of the drink too?” The older man chuckled amicably as he poured two fingers of whiskey into an unused glass, before topping up his own. Dean nodded as he graciously accepted the offered glass. Dean’s fingers brushed against Castiel’s hand, and the warmth of it startled his heart something fierce. “It’s okay, Dean. It’ll be our little secret,” He dropped his voice low and waited until Dean met his opal eyes before he gave the boy a wink. A wild noise tried to claw its way out of Dean’s throat, and he tried his hardest to swallow it down with a sip of whiskey. The drink went down smoother than he’d ever experienced before. “Please, after you,” He gestured warmly towards the open balcony door. Dean stumbled towards the doors, and before he knew it, the welcoming cool breeze was wrapping itself around the two of them. Castiel pulled the glass door shut, and the trepidation of being alone with a perfect stranger started to creep in.
Castiel decided to spend the next hour trying to calm himself down, and the best way he could think of achieving that was to attempt some yoga. One of the rooms the Men of Letters had previously used as a bedroom was emptied of all contents, and Sam had installed soft mats onto the floor. He told Cas it’s where he goes to practice his yoga, and Cas knew everything about the benefits of yoga on the body. So he decided to give it a try. The low lights in the room set off a warm golden glow, and Dean must’ve turned the heat up after lunch because Castiel was sweating again. He shucked off his borrowed t-shirt and pulled his socks and shoes off, standing only clad in Dean’s old grey sweatpants. There was a small hole near the inseam of the left leg, but Castiel still liked it just the same.
“Holy shit, you’re gonna kill me, sweetheart,” Dean croaked out, his tongue growing heavy in his mouth as he noticed just how
“Whoa, whoa, whoa now, hey,” Dean pulled Cas in close, holding him so he could feel the warmth from both his skin and Emma’s. “We’re gonna get her outta there, okay? Claire’s gonna be fine, I promise, honey-bee,” He murmured into Cas’ hair. The angel nodded glumly. Emma wriggled into Cas’ arms and pressed both her hands to Cas’ face. Castiel let out a soft laugh. “What’s she saying?”
“No, don’t bother. Besides, if you’re there, it’ll keep him from getting too handsy,”
being inside him. Sweat dripped down his back, and Dean could taste blood on his tongue from biting it so hard.
“Dean, did you want me to help with the clean-up?” Cas whispered. Dean gave Cas an appreciating smile from over his shoulder before turning back to the mess on the floor.
They’d been quite successful with the flowerbeds Cas decided to grow. It had made him hungry for more, and so more he did. Dean always called him a "green hand" because, according to him, ‘a "green thumb" just isn’t a strong enough word for what you are, buddy’. But, it was because of that "green hand", they now had a fully functioning vegetable garden, an herb garden, and various plants growing all around the roof. Dean cracked a joke one time that he could’ve sworn the floor and railings were blue at one point. Now, you’d be lucky to see a crack of blue-painted cement underneath the mossy overgrowth of Cas’ obsession.
“I know,” Cas spoke lowly, and Dean smirked.
“Nephilim truly are fascinating creatures, and the way their powers affect their progenitor is vast and varies depending on the parents themselves,” Mick exhaled, hands trembling. “Knowing this child is the offspring of not only
“Cas, you gotta loosen your grip a bit there, buddy,” Dean put his gun down to make his way towards Cas’ area.
Try as he could, he couldn’t stop his father’s voice niggling in the back of his head: ‘You shouldn’t do this, you’re not supposed to feel this way, you’re no son of mine...’ Dean felt his hands shake. Perhaps it would be worth explaining everything to Cas like he wishes he could. He wants to tell Cas so much he knows he can’t say. Like a confession of sorts. Dean smirked as he wrote the words ‘The Righteous Man’s Confession’ at the top of the page.
“Castiel knows me better than anybody else in this room, and
“Did you like the roses I sent you, Your Highness?” Crowley smiled at the prince from his plate of lamb cutlets. Dean gave him a soft smile from the top of his wine glass.
“What’d Dad tell you?”
“Ah,” There was a nervous twitch in Cas’ fingers. “Your father doesn’t seem to like me much, it seems,”
‘What?’ Dean snarled, and Crowley smiled back.
gift,” Good save, Winchester. You idiot. Dean was met with thoughtful silence.
Or perhaps that was truly Dean’s eyes. The petals on his lips and skin were sickly sweet, and Dean used his fingertips to pluck them away from his face. All the pinks, and reds, and whites, and purples. Some of the red petals had mixed colors so well with the purple and white, they were coming out blue. Dean could only imagine the bruised colors dashed on his face, speckled by the soft pink.
“Uh, it was stupid warm in that bedroom. The dining room smelled like Gabe’s candy because he liked to sit his chocolate near the window. The beach was really nice, though. Sam insisted on going for huge hikes every morning, and you truly thought Gabe was going to kill him on Sunday morning, so you offered to go with him and Gabe guarded me while you and Sam went for your stupid jog,” He grinned. “Didn’t you trip over in the dunes? Had to ice your ankle, didn’t you?” Cas chuckled.
“I will. Of course, I will,” Cas considered him seriously. “That was never in doubt, Sam.” With that, he was crushed into Sam’s chest, arms wrapping tightly around his shoulders in what would normally be a bone-cracking hug. Cas knew then, this hug wasn’t between Sam and him. It was between Sam and
The tears fell from his face as he pressed his hand into the lively flowers, watering the petals born from his love. The petals drank away his sorrow. He swallowed before continuing.
“I’m not doing what you think I’m doing,” Benny held up his hand.
Cas knows that smile. Dean used that smile when he was at bars and when he’s trying to convince people to give him more information than they should. “Heya Cas,” Dean’s voice fluttered through his lips like velvet on bare skin. Castiel stared in amazement as Dean brought his hand up to clasp the angel’s. “Good to see you,”
Crowley’s intel, it turns out, led the boys to Windy City. Dean had griped and bitched about the drive, but when he considered it, this wasn’t the worst drive he’d ever done in one go. Sam and Dean both distinctly remember spending a gruelling thirty-five hours driving from Phoenix to Philly, in the middle of one of the worst heatwaves the apocalypse could offer. There wasn’t any time to waste, especially back then, so they had only switched drivers whenever the other was tired, which meant, of course, Dean took the wheel for nearly a full twenty-four hours. If it hadn’t been for Sam waking up violently to the unsuspecting sounds of Asia from the radio, Dean probably would’ve continued driving for a lot longer.
“Your Royal Highness, welcome back to my humble abode,” He pulled into a low bow, and Dean gave him a courteous nod. “Your, ahem, date has already arrived, Your Highness. I think you’ll find him traipsing through the hedge maze,” Dean caught the slight judgement in the man’s tone. A flare of anger surged through him, but he chose not to rise to the bait.
“Not much, he just opened your bedroom door and saw you, ah,” Cas gestured towards his bare chest.
“I’ve been doing good, how about yourself? How’s your family?”
“’Your angel’?” Cas repeated, glancing sideways again. Dean’s heart stuttered, spluttered, and groaned against the steel cage he’d trapped it in for years, before bursting out at the sight of Cas’ shy smile. “I like that.” A blush covered his face at the sight of the angel’s happiness.
“What’s
The euphoria Dean felt at the touch of grace coaxing his soul back out of his darkness made him gasp for breath. He felt his knees buckle, reaching out to cling onto Cas’ forearms. Cas’ eyes began to glow, and Dean let out a wanton moan as the grace threaded itself into the lingering humanity in his soul. Cas combed his grace into Dean’s very essence, and Dean couldn’t focus on anything else except
“You have always been enough, Dean Winchester.”
“So, uh,” Dean glanced between Sam and Cas. “Cas filled me in on Mick,” Sam’s eyes lit up like an excited beacon of joy.
After a moment, there was a heavy inhale of air, and Dean lifted his head. They watched the darkness in his eyes fade, and Dean breathed out heavily.
. You are the most radiant, loving, beautiful person I will ever have the pleasure to call a friend,” Cas brought his hands to Dean’s shoulders, still resting his forehead gently against Dean’s.
of my non-existent friendship with Crowley,’ Dean glanced back up to the mirror, and he let the smirk cover his face at the sight of Castiel glaring at him. The angel’s cheeks were flushed, and his lips were pursed tightly. ‘Oh wow, you
Chuck was gone.
“I’ll be fine, feathers, don’t get your wings all twisted.” The phone call ended, and Cas stared mindlessly at the floor.
“She...made her own food?”
“What do you want, Dean? And please, before you answer, I beg of you, don’t kick me while I’m down,” He pinched the bridge of his nose, already anticipating a headache.
“Come on, Sammy. He doesn’t have a name-tag, and besides, you always wanted a dog, remember?” He ruffled the puppy’s head, and Sam let out a sigh.
“Well then,” Cas gave Dean one of his near-smiles, his posture relaxing ever so slightly. “Of course, Dean. I’ll always be here for you.” Dean smiled warmly at the admission. He vehemently ignored the melting feeling in his chest.
“When you told me you loved me, I know I froze,” He felt Cas do just that in his arms, and was quick to rub his hand into the angel’s shoulder to get him to relax. “I froze because...well, I still didn’t want to believe it. I still wanted to refuse that an angel, one of the only
“Why’d you start a fight with me, though?”
Cas flared his grace out to wrap around Dean’s soul like a blanket, just as he had in Hell. Just as he was reprimanded for.
“Four, Da―
Without a word, Dean corrected Sam’s posture and pulled his brother’s arm up so Emma was more safely nestled into Sam’s chest. He took a step back and watched as Sam marveled over her tiny little body. Emma began babbling gently to Sam, who was nodding and giving her soft responses, even if she was making no sense to him. Dean’s heart tried to grow another artery just to adjust to the amount of love he was pumping through his system. He could feel Castiel’s eyes burning fondly on him, but he couldn’t betray how he was feeling.
You thought Dean would be the possessive dominant top?
‘Maybe we should know what Crowley’s headspace has been like the past few weeks before we blindly trust him,
addiction. Are you craving human blood, Dean?’
“So, Dean,” Charlie grabbed a bowl of popcorn, gesturing for the prince to enter into the theatre room. “We’ve already collated a list of potentials for you.” Charlie was Dean’s publicist and PR manager. Arthur liked to oversee the major events for the Royal Family, but Dean requested the handling of presentation be organised by his girl because she was the best of them. Arthur couldn’t think of a good enough reason to fight the point, so he relented. He was sitting in the theatre room, arms crossed with his lips pouted only slightly. “Any of these you want to meet, we can send out invitations to the party. You’ll probably be dancing with a
**********
, you know?’
‘What do you want? You want Abaddon?’ Joe the demon laughed coldly. ‘Fat fucking chance. She doesn’t trust
“I was hoping, yes,” He rolled them over, pressing his hands onto Dean’s shoulders to hold him still. Dean took in a steadying breath, and Cas chuckled. “Ever the obedient sub, aren’t you, Dean?” That made Dean fluster and blush like crazy. As Dean continued to attempt to speak, Cas coated his fingers in lube. Cas watched as Dean bit down on his lips nervously. Cas was circling near his entrance, just waiting. Dean gave him a shy nod, and Cas kissed him, all tongue and teeth and lips before he pushed his first finger inside the man beneath him. Slowly, Cas pressed into him, listening for any sound of discomfort. He met none, so he kept going.
drank at public outings, and
“The one with the thin branches there,” He gestured to the tree closest to the edge, closest to them. “That’s a hazel tree, and it’s covered in ivy. In the middle, that’s an apple tree with heather growing near the roots. Hanging near the other side, that’s an alder tree, and next to it is an aspen tree. The flowers growing between them are gardenias, tulips, and sunflowers,” Dean didn’t miss the small smile on Cas’ lips. “I think this was where I heard your prayer, that first night,”
“Yes, sir,”
Dean Winchester is a lot of things, but one thing he would never call himself is ‘a poet’. Sure, he appreciated poetry...of sorts...with music backing it up. Okay, it was mainly Led Zeppelin. So sue him. He preferred to express his thoughts and feelings in other ways.
, or whatever the angel equivalent is? As Emma latched onto her bottle and started guzzling her food, making Dean think in the back of his mind he needed to make sure she didn’t consume so quickly, she choked, he considered the term.
. But then, he supposes, it’s the illusion that’s doing it for him. His lips were straining to accommodate half of Cas’ hand, but he wasn’t worried. The heady sensation of being
“Were you planning on driving the whole way there?” Cas tilted his head.
“You cannot take me while you’re here, and you have to listen to me,” Castiel’s voice was firm and harsh as he faced The Empty. If Dean didn’t know him better, he would’ve believed he was unafraid. But he could feel the tremble in his pulse from where he clasped his fingers around the angel’s wrist. “You want me, sure, but what we’re battling with is someone you’ll want even more,”
“Cut the crap,” Dean glared. “What were you gonna do, huh? Wait until we had our backs turned and call on Lucifer? That’s who you’re running back to, isn’t it? Now that Crowley’s been screwed out of the job, I suppose he’s your new overlord,” Dean raised an eyebrow. “What were you even gonna tell him, huh?”
“I do,” There was a slight lilt in Cas’ voice like he was humored by something.
He didn’t know which room to go in. The kitchen was still too exposed to everybody else, what with Donna and Jody bustling in and out with more food for the tables. So that was a no. The dungeon where he last saw Cas left him too haunted and terrified to go back. So that was a no, too. Cas’ room wasn’t
“Welcome, Your Highness, to Lafitte Manor,” Benny gestured to the estate behind him. Dean gave him a generous bow back, reaching out for the man. Benny took Dean’s hand and pressed his lips to the back of Dean’s hand. “I hope you’re prepared for a day down on the docks,
“Good morning,” Sam smiled before making his way to the fridge and pulling out his pre-made green-looking smoothie. He took a swig of the drink before glancing between the two at the table. “What are your plans for today?” Cas took a final drink of his coffee, so Dean answered.
“Please,” Crowley scoffed. “He raised his brother, he’s an old hand at that by now. Castiel, on the other hand,” He smirked. “He probably doesn’t know everything there is to know about Nephilim, and he doesn’t know the first thing about raising a child. You know what, Mother? Perhaps we should send them a message.” Crowley strode out of the doorway, with the witch hot on his heels.
Dean had met Lee Webb a while back, just after Sammy had dipped and gone off to Stanford. Lee was raised as a hunter by his father as well, and the three of them connected in the middle of a vampire hunt. He was a brash and loud kind of guy, and John instantly liked him, which surprised Dean to no end. He’d seen a lot of himself in Lee, but everything Dean did was wrong. Whereas, when Lee did the same thing, John was beyond impressed. It was maddening, and the favoritism caused a small rift between the boys when they caught up for a second hunting trip, this time just between the two of them.
worked,’ Dean held up his hands. ‘And Sam, you can see, it
though,”
“Bingo,” He downed the rest of his coffee, before returning to eating with more gusto than before.
Dean didn’t take his gaze away from Castiel, didn’t step away from the angel, didn’t make a snide comment about personal space. That was new. The hunter smiled sweetly at him. Castiel felt a nervous swoop hit his stomach as Dean squeezed his hand again.
“She is a lot like Dean, isn’t she?” Cas mused, and Sam felt his lips harden into a firm line.
The hunter stirred from his mindless driving. He had no idea where he was going, he just wanted to put as much space between himself and that damned graveyard as possible. Dean flicked his gaze over to the patient angel sitting shotgun in his car. As always, his breath gets caught at the sight of passing headlights catching in his muted azure eyes. They were the kind of blue you could pass over from afar, but up close, they swept you away until you were drowning in his gaze.
‘That wasn’t so hard, now, was it?’ He tutted, walking out of the devil’s trap. He took in the rest of the room and smiled at the tray of goodies Crowley left out for him. Blowtorch, an assortment of iron knives, holy water, and salt. ‘My, my, Crowley doesn’t expect me to hold back here. Almost feels like my birthday,’
“Cas!” He bellowed, panic well and truly set in now. The dusk has settled, and shadows crept closer to the edge of the cliff. He squinted into the darkness, waiting for movement, sound,
“Hello, Dean.” At the sound of Castiel’s voice, Dean’s restraint crumbled completely. He marched right over to Cas, who was looking increasingly nervous with each step. “Dean, I’m sorry for what-“
“Well, Sam, I did spend―”
The War Room was bathed in soft golden light. Dean blindly reached out to hold Cas’ hand, and the angel gave him a comforting squeeze. The light dimmed slowly to reveal three figures standing before them. Dean swallowed down his nerves as he took in each newcomer.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” He spoke in a low Cajun accent, and the familiar scent wafted back over Dean as he met those soulful, frowning eyes. “If you two are back here, something real bad’s goin’ down,” Before he could continue, Dean had him wrapped up in a tight hug. He didn’t even realize he’d reached for the vampire to begin with.
********
"Sorry, Cas. Not very focused. What else is on the agenda today?” He grabbed a bottle of water and cracked it open.
“Dean, you’re wearing my
Dean Winchester is a lot of things, and one of Castiel’s favourite things to call him is ‘a poet’.
“So, what if I have it on me and ‘accidentally’ drop it in the Impala next time I catch a ride with you three?”
Although, knowing Sam and his ability to interrupt both Dean and Cas when they were having a moment alone, he wouldn’t put it past the Sasquatch.
Dean’s feet hit the ground first, and his knees gave way to the concrete floor. He opened his eyes and fear flooded his senses. He hadn’t set foot in here since...since...since...
“Well, I mean, all due respect, but it’s a bit selfish, don’t you think? You can’t just...
“It…was surprising to see how many people resonated with my characters,” Dean felt a genuine smile creep onto his face. “They were all so happy to hear me talk about my story and everything, it’s just―”
“That’s probably the main reason why she likes you so much, Cas,” Sam smirked. “You keep him in check,”
always believed it, even though I rarely heard him, let alone processed it. But,” Dean let go of Cas’ hand and approached the desk to pick up a few pieces of paper stacked together. They had been folded into eighths and looked full of scribbles and Dean’s nervous handwriting. “You were the first person to tell me to my face, after only knowing me for less than a day, that I was worth saving, that I was worth
'What are you implying?' He slipped his angel blade into his hand deftly, ready for any kind of retaliation, even with Dean safely trapped. Dean as a human was dangerous enough; but add in demonic strength, lightning-fast reflexes and an ancient curse chomping at the bit for bloodlust...that's catastrophic at best. Dean flashed Cas a grin Lucifer himself would be envious of.
, man,” Dean opened his mouth, letting out a disbelieving huff, before closing his lips again. He crossed his arms, and it would look intimidating if it weren’t for Miracle nosing softly at his Scooby-Doo paw slippers. “What, aren’t you happy to have your best friend back?” Castiel’s stomach flipped and tried to devour itself at the sight of Dean at a loss for words.
. He coloured the words purple, pink and blue. Purple like the bruises they’d left on each-other over the years, pink like the chapped lips he spent too long agonising over, and blue like the eyes he knew would doom him the moment the angel waltzed into his life. ‘What am I going to do with you?’ He swallowed down a chuckle at the sight of Cas nervously gulping. ‘Come on, lover. You know I’d never hurt you,’ He caressed Cas’ cheek softly. ‘Not unless you want me to,’
docks not two steps from the glass separating the manor. Benny chuckled, addressing Cas over his shoulder.
‘Oh, sure. You’re fine,’
“All good there, Your Highness?” Benny leaned up against the starboard bow, wind rustling his shirt, and a knowing smile on his lips. “Lost your sea legs?”
Dinner was quiet enough affair, the two of them only making small talk until Cas filled up their glasses with the second serving of frozen margarita.
A faint rustling noise came from behind him. Dean gripped his blade tight, gently pulling himself onto his feet. Silence fell, but it was fraught. He turned slowly and exhaled a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
“Your Highness?” Cas spoke lowly, barely discernible in the raucous noise of party-goers. Dean felt a gentle hand on his back, and Dean melted slightly into the touch. The lanterns flickered up above them as the prince made his way through the courtyard. The cloying scent of roses swam all around them. Glasses of champagne and whiskey were being carted around on silver platters by Lord Adler’s poor servers. Dean grabbed a glass of whiskey and threw back half the glass before acknowledging Cas.
“Oh,” If Dean’s face could crumble more, it did. Castiel’s heart couldn’t take it, so he gave Dean a hesitant smile as he pulled his pen out of his shirt pocket, and clicked it on.
,” Cas gave him a small smile at the heated glare Dean shot him. “Remember the time you pretended you weren’t royal, and we snuck into an open-air movie theatre? You spent the entire movie trying to convince me to toss popcorn at you, and I spent the entire movie worried you were going to be spotted,” Dean let out a breathy chuckle. “What was the movie, Dean? Tell me everything you remember,"
“Sure, sorry
... “Wouldn’t it be safer if you were guarded by someone different, someone more capable?”
“As my friend, Cas,”
“Yeah, probably,” Dean chuckled at the memory of his own hand nearly breaking when he first threw a punch at the angel. “Bet you didn’t even move your head to absorb anything for him, did you?” At Cas’ shy headshake, “My hero,” He whispered as he brought his cup back to his lips.
“Y’all can go to Hell,” Dean muttered. Bobby chuckled.
the way you think of me, Dean?” Dean’s heart stuttered, and he could tell Cas heard that, given the open smirk he painted on his face. “Oh, yes, I know all about the thoughts you have. You’re not particularly
“I jumped because people screamed and I wanted to protect you,” Cas didn’t look Dean directly in the eyes, so Dean scoffed.
“Uh, the popcorn was stale as hell, the drinks were too watery, and you flinched so bad when Jason came out of the river,” He chuckled. “Big, scary bodyguard like you, frightened of a shitty slasher film. It’s kinda funny, like watching a Hell’s Angel ride a moped,”
“I’ll watch over you.” Those words always stirred at the cockles of Dean’s heart, and the prince reached out to squeeze his friend’s hand. Cas returned the gesture and sat in the chair by Dean’s bed. Dean tried his hardest to keep his eyes on his watchful guard, and if Castiel was aware Dean spent most of the early morning watching him right back, he never mentioned it.
Cas didn’t know how long they stood there, but he didn’t want to be the first to break the hug. He knew Dean needed this, he needed to know he was safe with Cas. He could give Dean this, could shelter him from the storm of the world outside. Dean’s phone started to buzz loudly, and they broke apart abruptly.
a classic.
“Is anybody hurt?”
“You promise you’re not going to do anything untoward to me, sir?” Dean couldn’t stop the words tumbling out of his lips, but before he could stutter out a broken apology, the older man threw back his head and laughed. The sparkling gleam in his eyes, the small crinkles formed in his face, the way he had to hold his side as an attempt of composure...Dean was mesmerized.
“Keep...keep going,” He tried to move his hips, to grind down onto Cas’ finger. Dean’s face was completely blissed out. “An―another, please.
‘Castiel,’ He spoke the angel’s name, pronouncing every syllable slowly.
Sam reached out for the letter, reminded of all the years he used to reach out for his brother. Dean would always react accordingly, would wake up from a deep sleep at the slightest touch and call, would fiercely defend Sam over all the mistakes he ever made, would give his own life for Sam’s shot at happiness. Dean gave up his best years, his greatest chances, his everything, just for Sam. His hand shook as he tore open the envelope and flattened out the pages, and he began to read.
the mess Castiel made of him. He was a complete
“Your Highness, you look as ravishing as ever,” Benny pressed a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek. Dean brought his hand to Benny’s face and caressed his thumb over the man’s bottom lip.
‘Probably because of the Mark,’ Dean grumbled.
“I’ve been keeping my head down like you guys told me to, I promise. Had a magic-type gig in Rowena, South Dakota. You ever been there?” Alarm bells started ringing like crazy. Claire chuckled. “It’s a real
“Jack?” Cas made his way to his door as he pulled his shirt and jacket on. He knew Jack seeing Cas without at least his tie on might look...actually, he wasn’t sure how it would look, even to a keener eye than his son. He hastily put the tie on as well, not caring about how neat it looked. Wasn’t Dean always fixing it, anyway? “Are you alright?”
The best time for a long drive was when the rain starts. Dean was confident enough of a driver that he could maneuver a car on the wet road better than most, but he was most at ease behind Baby’s wheel.
“How did you know about that?” His sharp tone took him by surprise, and Cas felt his heart rate pick up. There’s nothing wrong with what’s going on in his house, he reminded himself. There is nothing improper about offering a place for a friend escaping an abusive space, even if he
“Dean,” Cas still had his hand on Dean’s cheek, and he seemed to realise it at the same time Dean did. The gentle hand slowly dragged down his face and rested on the side of Dean’s neck, resting right where Dean knew Cas could feel his pulse jumping like he was hopped up on too much caffeine. “What are you thinking right now?” Dean felt his lips become drier as he opened his mouth.
“Oh, uh, no thank you, sir. I don’t want you to waste your―”
and to John, there was a big difference. He only ever interacted with Dean to teach him and chastise him. Mary and Sam were blind to it, but Dean’s had one too many of John’s lessons turned into weapons to use against him. That wasn’t even including what John did just before Dean tried to run away...
“No, don’t stress about it, Cas. You should preserve your energy for better things, and besides, you’ve got a sleeping Jack on your shoulder,” Dean chuckled. “Trust me, I’ve got this. Me and Baby need some time together, anyway.” Cas frowned, still not quite understanding the hunter’s unhealthy attachment to his car but nodded anyway. He scooped Jack up into his arms and exited the vehicle quietly, Jack stirring only slightly as the door closed. Cas couldn’t help the rush of accomplishment as he left the garage, child in tow. There’s no way Dean was going to miss the poem. Hopefully, now, it’ll give Dean the burst of encouragement needed to ‘make a move’, as humans so eloquently put it.
‘Excuse me, who
“Yeah, no, really, Cas. Damn. Good job. Not many people can confidently tell
with a winking emoji ending the text. He shook his head disapprovingly at his friend, before turning back to Facebook.
'Simple, Sam. Because it hurts Castiel. And I like the disease. I like the pain I cause,' He turned back to Cas, and Sam thought he'd seen a flicker of it before but now it was confirmed. There was still a spark of humanity left in him. Might not even be humanity at all, but it wasn't demonic...and it was tied to Cas. Sam turned away, and he found himself hoping beyond hope Cas would listen to his silent prayer.
“How did that happen, do you think?” Dean knocked his boot against the corpse of the strange alien-like snake Benny had gutted.
‘Dean,’ That was all he said. He clasped his hand gently into the hunter’s, and Dean let out a shaky sigh as Cas unfurled his grace, letting it wash over Dean in a wave of assurance and warmth. He tilted his head towards his angel and pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’ cheek.
“Then you will never have to, ever, if that’s what you want. No big steps tonight. What do you want?” He pulled back, and Dean felt a shock cascade over his entire body at just how
“So, apparently this is Charlie’s idea of romance,” Cas murmured, huffing a gentle laugh. “Your Highness, if you wish, I can leave you and Lord Lafitte to enjoy your date on your own,”
Dean had only just started to drive out of the shitty little town when Cas decided to speak.
“Dean,” Cas was standing in front of him now, resting both hands on Dean’s shoulders. Dean drew in another deep breath before opening his eyes to see Cas’ concerned gaze.
‘You can’t honestly tell me you don’t believe the angel deserved it. Curious, though. See, I can track demonic energy. I am still the King of Hell, boys. I can keep tabs on every single demon in Hell, and the ones topside. I can still
“Interesting,” Castiel muttered, and Dean opened his eyes to see the man surveying him closely as he flicked his lighter on, a cigarette firmly set in the corner of his mouth. The flame caught the end and he breathed in a heavy drag. “But I digress,” He spoke through his cloud of smoke. “What are your plans with life, Dean?”
“It’s Dean, Dean Winchester. Where are you getting these names from?” Cas frowned. “Don’t tell me you have a list of students you want to sleep with in a little black book somewhere,” The silence was telling, and Cas scoffed. “You’re insufferable,”
‘Let’s talk about it,’
'Correction: they're definitely killing me, Sammy,' Dean's voice was low and broken, but he still had a snarky grin on his face.
editor now, that’s gotta amount to something!” Dean smirked as the mince sizzled in the pan. Cas shook his head as he poured the shots of tequila and triple sec into the ice.
“Emma!” Dean murmured, flinching upright, wincing at the bright passing headlights. A warm sweat cascaded down his neck as he straightened up in the passenger seat. His mouth was dry as fuck, and he twisted his back just to feel his stiffened spine crack.
‘You good, Huggy-Bear? What’s with the pouty face?’
‘You know what? That’s it, you’re done.’ Dean made to press the End Call button.
“’Meaningless’? Sir, you wound me. I thought we were having a good time,” He leaned back, cracking a smile. Crowley raised an eyebrow and waited. Dean sighed. “It’s either do this or settle with the stupid marriage arrangement I agreed to when I was sixteen,” He fiddled with the napkin on the table.
“I...had a question, and it isn’t exactly...well, what I mean is, I...” He drew in a deep breath before locking his green eyes onto Cas’ face. “I have a personal question, regarding, uh...home life? I guess? Or more...ah,”
kickstarted a new roll of fears. Fears of himself being too overbearing, fears of Emma learning how to drive and
“You clearly don’t know about my brother, also known as ‘The Interrupting Moose’,” There was a small chuckle from near the door. “See, Cas gets it,”
Cas’ phone dinged as he placed it down on the counter, and he saw a message from Balthazar. He sighed before he opened the message.
, he really couldn’t care less about some stupid curse. Castiel swallowed every last drop of Dean before standing and giving Dean a warm smile.
‘Say the word, Cas, and I’ll stop,’ He pulled his face away from the angel’s neck to meet his lust-blown eyes. ‘It’ll suck, for sure, but trust me, I don’t wanna do anything you don’t want―’
“Never said that,” Sam said quickly. “Just, I―” He tried again, eyes closed and taking a deep breath. “Thank you, Cas,” He dropped his gaze down to the pizza and slowly started to eat. Cas took a seat across from him, comfortably sitting in silence as he drank his coffee. “So, you mentioned something about a gift?”
“Well, then honey, I’m about to get fucking
“Yeah,” Dean opened his eyes, and together they shared a small smile. “I was, I mean. I,” He exhaled yet again. “Would you read the letter I wrote before you pass it on to Sammy? I know we’re not supposed to reach out to each other but I just thought―”
“You are worthy of love,”
“Purgatory became your playground,” Benny shrugged. “Here, you two were―”
“Lemme guess, that wasn’t in any of Chuck’s plans, was it? Marking me was your first act of free will?” Dean chuckled as Cas nodded.
It’d been a year now since Sam watched Dean’s funeral pyre swallow the last remnants of his brother’s body. A lot had shifted and changed since then, but the one constant was Sam’s prayers. Ever since Dean died, Sam found he was praying loudly inside his mind. At first, it had been to chase away the melancholy that threatened to consume him completely, but pretty soon after Dean’s letter, the prayers morphed into his letters back to Dean. He’d like to believe Cas repeats them back to Dean when his brother needs to hear it. But honestly, he doesn’t know, and he doesn’t need to know either.
'"Best friend"? Wow, Sam. I think that might be the biggest lie you've said in the past ten seconds,'
“Thank you,”
******
Not so much honouring thee
“Don’t tell me Sam found a case and you’re doing research?” Cas smirked at Dean’s look of surprise. Jack let out a laugh at the sight of the fearsome hunter looking so startled.
“Forgive me, Your Highness,” She bowed her head graciously.
The memory faded into the dark of the night as the taxicab pulled up in front of Cas’ condo building. Dean paid the fare before waltzing towards the front door. It was locked, for the patrons’ safety, but Dean could still remember the passcode to let him in. 1809. The number was practically tattooed into his brain. He nearly skipped his way towards the elevator before punching in floor number seventeen.
“Oh yeah, definitely more terrifying as my mother,” Dean chuckled.
knows: the angel was the pressure point aimed directly at his heart. A type of electric shock thrummed through his body, too strong to be static, too subtle to be lightning. Epiphany.
personal.
**********
“Cassie! So lovely to hear from you,”
Right up until the week before the university was coming back, Dean would crash at Cas’ whenever he got the chance. To begin with, Dean would use a whole lot of different excuses.
. But that wasn’t you,’
.” Sam waggled his fingers playfully towards Dean. Cas looked at Dean, waiting. Dean gave him a nod and patted the vacant chair next to him.
“Have you read it?” Cas felt his mouth go dry. If Dean had
“That’s okay, Jack. Sometimes things are better left unspoken about,” Cas gave him a small smile. “Dean never talks about his nightmares, either.” Jack tilted his head at that.
“She’s beautiful,” Sam croaked out. Dean peered into his brother’s eyes and scoffed at the watery look in them. “Shut up, you can’t tell me you didn’t get teary at least once when you held her,” Dean rattled his head, refusing to answer him. “That’s what I thought,”
“Why are you so interested, though, Mom? Thought you didn’t want any part in the courtship process,”
Dean’s dress shoes clicked loudly on the marble flooring, and the prince marvelled quietly at the modern art spread sparsely on the white walls. Everything about the rooms as they walked through the manor screamed ‘Beach!’, from the light blue and white colour scheme to the nautical-themed accessories hanging through the rooms. A large, rusted iron anchor leaning against wood slats that made up a bookcase in the main lounge room, old rowing oars hanging above the patio doors, crab traps repurposed into outdoor lights hanging from the ceiling of the outdoor patio where...oh, the manor was built on the river flowing to the ocean. The patio had been dressed to the nines, with a banquet of assorted finger foods and chilled wines set out on a table in the shade. Dean grinned as they stepped outside, glancing back at Charlie and Cas. Charlie looked just as thrilled as Dean felt, but Cas looked alarmed.
“Let’s go see what Jack meant, buddy,” Dean placed Miracle carefully into the backseat of the car, where he curled up into a ball, his tail wagging so hard, it was hitting him in the face. Dean chuckled.
“Sweet, so we’ll see you then? Might even grab you one of those ridiculous mugs I saw in this store when we were interviewing. You shoulda seen it, Cas, the weirdest fucking thing. It was a mug with a bee on it, saying ‘Buzz off!’. I think you’d like it,”
“Thank you, sir, that’s very kind of you to say. Now, tell me,” He flashed his teeth, and Dean felt a prickle on the back of his neck. “What on God’s green earth possessed you to decide you’re attracted to both men
“You always were, just so you know,” Cas tilted his head, smiling.
“Okay then, you’re serious about the whole find-out-later thing, so I’ll just...hang out with Mick until you guys get back,”
He should’ve expected it, should’ve seen it coming a mile away, but the human side of him couldn’t help
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
“What is it?” The man sounded genuinely curious, so Dean decided to throw him a bone.
“This is how it’s going to go, Dean,” Cas tilted his head, exhaling slowly. “The only time you can use prayer as a form of communication between us is when your mouth is otherwise occupied,” He smirked. “Otherwise, you have to
“As do you, my Lord,” His voice came out low and husky. “Dance with me?” Benny’s eyebrows raised in surprise, but he grinned all the same.
? Are you alright?” Benny pulled his face close to Dean’s ear, pulling him out of his reverie.
“Dean, this is Cas. Castiel. Our friend,” Sam turned to Dean, looking him in the eyes to assess whether his brother absorbed the information. Dean’s green eyes glazed over like honey for a moment, before a flicker of recognition shone through. “Do you remember him?” There was a sharp note of hopefulness in Sam’s voice. Dean nodded, now beaming.
“No, no it would not be safer,” Dean barely held back from snapping at Benny.
“That’s not Meg,” Despite how tense Castiel seemed, his voice was calm. Or perhaps, the calm before the storm. “That’s the Empty,”
“Well, yeah  How else could I take the Impala with me?” Sam chuckled. “Eileen’s already there with Miracle, organizing the final few touches on the house. Never thought I’d have to start paying taxes and shit,” He shook his head again.
“Uh, fiction? I’ve been working on this...never mind,” He sighed, taking a sip of his drink. Pretty soon he’d need another drink, and he didn’t think that was all that wise.
“Yes?”
‘We should probably go play our parts for Sam, then,’ He winked, before turning on his heel and leaving the dungeon.
“Remember your promise, pet?” Cas nipped Dean’s ear, panting out heavy breaths. “You’re not going to come until I let you, and I’m not going to let you yet. However, for your bravery,” Cas pressed his mouth against the side of Dean’s neck, and bit down
‘Guys?’ Sam’s voice sounded confused, echoing down the corridor. He didn’t stick his head out, and Cas was grateful for it. Dean let go of Cas completely.
“They have to be.” The comforting voice replied gently. What does that mean? That’s not the answer he wanted. He
else to follow other than weepy emotional Crowley,’ He dug his teeth into his bottom lip before smirking. ‘Be thankful it’s me they want and not Abaddon.’
, but he just needed a breather. That was too much to dump on Dean all at once.
********
“Good morning,” He leaned up slightly to press a warm kiss on Dean’s nose, and the hunter felt a blush rise to his cheeks. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s reddened face and pulled him in for a kiss. Oh, this is something Dean could
Dean flicked his tongue against the slit and moaned at the salty taste of the angel’s precum in his mouth. He suckled around the head slowly, allowing his jaw to loosen up. Castiel let out soft breaths, hands still gripping his hand and the tie tight enough for Dean to remain aware of it. The pain wasn’t intrusive for him, in fact, he relished in it. As he began to consume more of Cas’ cock, Dean noticed there was a strange sensation running up and down his spine. It was something akin to a limb, but cold enough to feel hot, stroking up and down from the back of his head right down to his tailbone.
Dean called it the Smoking Room because that’s essentially what it was for centuries until it was revealed cigars and tobacco were bad for your health. It then became a smaller dining room for just the Family to gather. The placement was extremely convenient for their chef, Garth, and his staff since it was so close to the kitchen.
“Sweetheart, it’s me. It’s your Dean, I’m right here. I’m,” He removed one hand from Cas’ face to reach behind him. “I’m here by the grace of our son, baby. Jack’s protecting me. I’ve got you, love. I’ve got you,”
…of Benny?
back. It’s him, just without restraint. His soul isn’t as twisted, and if it does get truly bad, all I have to do is,’ Cas reached over to Dean without looking in his eyes, and gripped his left shoulder. Dean made a low sound, scrunching his eyes closed, and rolling his neck. Sam stared in disbelief as Dean shook his head, smiling as he opened his green eyes.
“Charlie,” Cas stepped in, pouring himself a mug of coffee from the pot on Dean’s coffee table. Dean pulled his legs down to allow Cas to sit on the couch next to him. “Perhaps you’d get better answers from Dean if you asked him after lunch. He’s just woken up, after all,”
“Dean, you know that’s not true. I’m doing this
“Claire―”
“My friendship with Balthazar’s different to my friendship with you, Dean,”
Silence circled the two, and Castiel could feel Sam’s eyes on him, watching as his forgetful brother pressed another worshipful kiss to his palm. A whisper of prayer made his way to him, in Sam’s voice. Castiel wasn’t sure if he was meant to hear it. “
‘Ah, thank you, Jessie,’ Crowley’s pompous voice called out from down the corridor. As Dean and Cas rounded the corner, they saw Sam and the girl standing by the open door. Crowley poked his head out and gave Dean a wide grin. ‘Come, come, boys,’ He gestured into the room, patting Sam’s arm as he disappeared back into the room. The girl, Jessie, made her way back down the corridor, of course walking past Cas. She gave Cas a wide smile, but it faltered as she caught Dean’s eye. He didn’t even realise he was glaring, but he must’ve looked intimidating because she scampered off quickly.
“Well, you can―” There was a soft rustling behind Dean, just off towards the break in the forest ahead. Dean and Cas both turned slowly, pulling out their respective weapons. There was nothing behind them, but now Dean could tell there was something out there, watching them, stalking them. “Feel that?” Dean breathed.
at the party?” There was a collection of laughter being poorly masked for coughs from the door and from beside Dean on the couch. Mary glared at Sam, who stopped immediately. She softened her gaze slightly before turning to Castiel.
good, and there are other things I want to explore right now,” Cas stroked his thumb down the side of Dean’s face, reflecting the feral grin Dean shone at him.
“Well, she’s monitoring me for the rest of the semester as I teach young adults about how best to write fiction,” Cas could hear the eyeroll in his words. “I wouldn’t exactly call it ‘running a class together’. Stop distracting me. Go on, spill! Who’s the student you’ve got staying with you indefinitely?”
. When I told Dad about possibly wanting to take up writing full-time, he told me to get my head out of the clouds and start looking for a ‘real job’,”
, and he was chuckling at the antics of the Mystery Inc. gang. Castiel smiled to hear Dean sound so carefree.
“Oh,” Another beat of silence, then, “Why are you back in New York?” Dean knew what Cas was doing, but he still appreciated it all the same.
“Not yet,”
“Ah.” Cas turned back to face the windshield. Silence fell between them, but now Dean could practically feel the smug aura permeating from the right side of the car.
The memory came up unbidden in Dean’s mind, and he felt a small choking sensation hit his throat. Like his body was rejecting the memory. He furrowed his brow and shook it off. He revved Baby’s engine and turned to give Bobby a final wave. But he wasn’t there. Perhaps he went inside the Roadhouse. The thought of seeing Ellen, Jo, and Ash again occurred to him, but he really wanted to get out onto the open road. There’ll be time to see them whenever he wanted. This was Heaven. Time wasn’t an enemy of him anymore.
He was always right, even when Castiel truly believed he was wrong. But he could never bring himself to fight with his best friend about anything. Except this.
“I’ve been doing well, what about yourself, you old recluse? A little birdie told me you’ve got yourself a handsome morsel trapped in there with you,”
“I’m alright, Cas.” But he took hold of Cas’ shoulder anyway. “Just need a minute,” Cas gave him a levelling stare. “Tell me something, anything. Distract me, man, I’m...” Dean took in a deep, heaving breath.
The reaction was instantaneous; Dean didn’t know if it was because the spell was receiving what it wanted ―or if it was because Dean was receiving what
“Probably nowhere near as nervous as Benny probably is,” Dean hesitated before continuing. “Mom, ah, I just want to say, um...” Mary turned her full attention onto her eldest son, still holding that gentle smile. “Thank you,” The word came out of his mouth with a sigh of relief. “Thank you for accepting me for who I am, and for not pushing me to pretend to be someone I’m not.” A flush crept up Dean’s neck as he noticed Mary’s eyes sparkle.
“He...uh...tried to get violent, and Ellen kicked him out of Harvelle’s. Bobby punched him,” Cas rubbed his neck. “I think I broke his hand.”
“It’s really me,” He smiled, holding out his hands to gesture towards himself. “Jack told me he didn’t want to hear any more prayers about missing me, because they were making him sad and he didn’t want his family to be sad anymore, so he pulled me from the Empty. Had to make me human to do it, but, yes,” Cas took a gentle step towards Dean. “It’s me,” A shattered look of hesitant hope squirmed forth onto Dean’s face, and Cas thought maybe Dean had taken the time apart to process his parting words to the hunter. Perhaps now Castiel will finally know the warm touch of love from his one and only...
to save
********
“Uh, Sam took Jack out to check out the new laser-tag place just outside of town,” Dean kept his gaze firmly on the ground, even as he started to blush.
“From last week, at the launch of Versace’s charity ball,” Mary’s voice was clipped. Dean let out a low laugh.
“You’re my best friend, but I just let you go,”
“Nonsense, Dean,” Cas smiled as he started to tuck into the food with relish. “I woke up early, and I wanted pancakes. You taught me how to make them for Jack that one time and I figured you’d want some too,” He stabbed into a mix of bacon and pancake before scooping it into his mouth. Dean blinked and stared at Cas’ mouth as a drip of maple syrup ran past his lips, slowly cascading down his chin. Cas collected the drip with the pad of his thumb before sucking up the sweet nectar, not removing his gaze from Dean’s.
. This time, it’ll be as his date’s mother. Slightly different emotion,”
“I…I never heard those prayers,” The angel actually
“Friends don’t look at each other the way you two do,” Sam countered. “Half the time, I thought neither of you knew I was in the same room as you,”
Wait... “
“Oh thank God,” Cas sighed. Balthazar made a questioning noise. “I thought you were going to inform our superiors,”
“Dude, those two are
himself down to the hilt.
“Was that who you were talking to earlier?”
“No,” Cas spoke wryly. “They gave me to you because I’m the only one who can put up with you. If Gabriel had taken my post, he would’ve tried to kill you a hundred times over already,” Dean chuckled. “So, what do you want to do? If you want, Charlie would be able to cancel your date for today. It wasn’t a big party invitation, from memory,”
,” Cas brought both his hands to Dean’s cheeks, bringing his focus in on the angel’s eyes. “
“What?” Dean’s voice was teasing, but the insecurity edged his tone.
“Dude,” Sam scoffed. “That’s entirely Dean’s decision, not mine,”
again. Standing close, staring hard, stripping him down to his soul.
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas rolled his eyes and pushed straight past the hunter.
‘Abaddon really should’ve taught you some manners, bitch boy,’ Dean growled. He pulled his plaid shirt up to wipe the saliva away. The demon was done with the platitudes and niceties, and so was Dean. Without any pretence, he waltzed over to his treasure trove of torture toys. He smirked as he pulled on the industrial gloves Crowley supplied before pulling the tray closer to the demon. ‘Here you go, buddy. You look so thirsty,’ Dean brought the bottle of holy water up to him, pulling his hair back to pour a considerable amount into his complaining lips. As soon as he pulled the bottle away, he clamped his hand over the demon’s mouth. The sound of muffled screams was music to Dean’s ears, and he felt the Mark pulsing happily on his arm.
“Uh,” Sam repeated. Mick chuckled.
. Cas was, of course, sneaking a smiling look at Dean.
“Ah,” The noise came up unbidden from Cas’ mouth. “We, um...” Red rose heat covered his cheeks as he tried to regurgitate the unwanted whispers. “We’re not...”
. All his life, he had spent every minute worrying about the next big bad, the next explosion, the next impending war. And now... “Honestly, bud, I don’t have a clue what I’m going to do with myself now. I suppose I could keep the Bunker up and running, for those who want the knowledge, and I could keep on trucking through monster-of-the-week cases, ya know,” He shrugged.
As the walls shifted from steel screens into a growing garden, Jack noticed a lone document tray still holding firm in the space on his new desk, vines twisting around its rusted red frame as it perched on Jack’s new bark desk. He read the one singular title on the tray: ‘Winchester Gospel Character Building’. The name struck a tender chord in his heart as he cast his watchful gaze over his human family back on Earth. They were free, and they were happy. A proud feeling spread through his chest, spreading to his fingers. Sunflowers bloomed from the space where his hands hovered. Jack sighed happily.
Castiel turned to Dean, who had taken to scuffing his shoe against Cas’, and there was an ecstatic glow on his face. “Wait, you’re my
“Oh, darlin’, if you want me screaming, all you gotta do is ask,” He flashed his best panty-dropping grin, but the sight of it didn’t faze the angel at all. He remained stoic as ever.
“You...holy crap, Cas, don’t do that,” He held his hand to his chest, getting up out of the chair.
Odds are, the angel already
“I’m sorry,” He croaked out. “Did you just…did you just call Cas your
the broken feathers of Cas’ wings could be, but he didn’t want anything to disappear. He wanted to bare the marks Cas left on him, the bruises, the scratches, everything. Cas gave Dean a beaming smile as he pulled Dean off him.
“Please, buddy. We need to talk. Come back home,” Dean repeated, before hanging up. Cas felt a heavy chill run through his entire body. There was only one conclusion, then. Dean was kicking him out.
“I missed you,” The words came out in a choked breath, and Cas pressed his lips into Dean’s skin before releasing one arm from around the younger man to close his condo door. “I...I shouldn’t have left you, sir. I―”
“I’m curious, Your Highness. You seem so casual with your guards at home. When you were around my place, and even when we were at Zach’s godawful party, there was a...formality between you and
‘Everything,’ Dean brought his gaze to his brother. ‘Sammy, I’m so-‘
“Take me, take me, take me,” Dean panted out, hands animating and wrapping around Castiel’s throat to crush their lips together. The taste of Dean was intoxicating, and it was there Cas could drink it in. The violence, the lust, the hate, the love...they all swirled together from Dean’s soul into a delicious cocktail for Cas to consume at his leisure.
“How many jokes did Eileen make about it?”
The sound of his full name falling from the hunter’s lips was a drop of pure absinthe on the mouth of a sober alcoholic. Cas took hold of Dean’s arms and tumbled them back down onto the cushioned floor. He ravaged the hunter’s mouth with his lips as he distractedly reached for his tracksuit pants, where he had something they needed in the pockets.
magazine, and Dean recognised the reporter’s name. Becky Rosen. Oh, boy.
unlocked? Why, Dean could come waltzing right on in. Cas let out a heavy breath as his white shirt joined the chaos on his bedroom floor. He danced his hands around his belt before he imagined Dean’s fingers pulling him to halt. Warm hands pressing gently into his skin, with a rumbling whisper accompanying them.
pressing his cock into Dean’s quivering hole.
“Don’t you like it?” Cas frowned, glancing down at the jeans. “I suppose I’ll have to cuff the jeans a little, but once I’ve got my boots on, they shouldn’t be too-
“I will be on the next plane to Chicago if you do, I promise,”
“Heya Sammy,” He croaked out, turning towards the doorway leading to the Bunker. Standing there, in a state of shock, was his baby brother. The brother he made sure was always clothed, was always fed, never had to beg or plead for a damn thing. The brother he watched die in front of him countless times. The brother he felt rip away the fleeting happiness he now held in his arms. This time, Sam had no weapon except his words, and still, Dean trembled. Please God, let him accept this. Let him accept
“Right, I forgot you were both running a class together,”
He didn’t know what made his heart pound more, the fact the angel had signed off with ‘Love Cas’ or the tiny little ‘xx’ at the end of the note. Either way, Dean felt an ache in his cheeks as he continued to smile. He glanced up towards his door, which had been left slightly ajar. There were more Post-It’s stuck to the back of his bedroom door, with little arrows pointing to the next note. He put his coffee down and brought his plate with him. He counted sixteen notes decorating his door, taking a huge bite out of his roll as he read Cas’ clear penmanship:
, dropping his gaze to the floor.
“Yeah, feels good, doesn’t it?”
“Um.”
What was it Michael had said to Cas? ‘Since when do we get what we deserve?’ What had he meant by that? The look Michael had given his angel was too solemn, too broken, too hollow to be a lie. He knew something about Cas Dean didn’t, and boy, didn’t that realization sting?
, Sam, and that’s very important information to know,” Dean marched right up to Cas, with a weird smile on his face.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean avoided Michael’s eyes as he swooped to pick up his blade. It wasn’t quite like the one he had on his first trip to Purgatory, but it was sharp enough to lop the head off leviathans and vampires. That was all that matters. Dean made a vague gesture towards Cas, being prepared to step through the golden break in their reality.
roses,”
“I don’t plan on it, Dean,” Cas was speaking softly again, just like he had that first night they watched the stars together. It tugged at the iron vines grown over Dean’s heart, which startled the hunter.
it’s Benny’s, but honestly, he couldn’t tell...perhaps he was dreaming now, because he could faintly hear Captain Jack Sparrow asking why the rum was always gone, and there’s
“Cas promised me banana pancakes,” Jack beamed. Dean raised his eyebrows at Cas, who shrugged.
“Shh, shh, boy. No arguments, hmm? You don’t want to have to get your punishment straight away, do you?” He squinted, feeling Dean relax as he flicked his tongue along the pad of the angel’s thumb. “Or maybe you do. Because that’s what you think you deserve, right?” Another finger popped past Dean’s lips, and Dean sought to coat both the thumb and the forefinger in saliva. “But I’m not going to reward bad behavior, Dean. What you deem as punishment at this point is something you don’t think you deserve. You despise hearing praise, and you always counter it with snarky dismissals. What if you can’t speak back, boy?” Another finger forced its way into Dean’s mouth, and the hunter was surprised and mildly alarmed at how hard he was already.
,” He threw the magazine down. “Why have the Governor’s son when there were literally
“Yes, please.” Jack turned back to Cas and gave him a warm smile. “Goodnight, Castiel. Thank you.”
“That was a
He went over the words once, twice, and felt a blush slowly colour his cheeks. Castiel was being...incredibly direct in his feelings with this poem. No wonder Sam choked. Dean felt his entire body burn at the thought of Sam knowing how Cas feels about him. He straightened the book out. A piece of paper slipped out of the book, and he swallowed nervously. The last time he came across a piece of paper, it was Cas answering his poem. He picked it up, and couldn’t hide the rush of emotion he had earlier this morning from his face.
, now, are you?”
“I beg to differ,” Cas’ voice shook slightly as he spoke lowly. “Her smile is almost the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, so it has to be your smile,”
“Forgive me, my Lord, but I don’t think the Queen would appreciate your
“That’s a comfort,
in assuming I was deciding so quickly the first place,” Dean kept his warm smile on his face to soften the blow of his words. Benny huffed another laugh but remained quiet. They broke apart as the song finished, and Benny took hold of Dean’s hand, pressing a kiss to the back of it as he bowed.
“Do me a favor,” He fished out the Impala keys, eyes still on Cas’ eyes. The angel was frowning slightly. “Take Jack back with you to the hotel, and don’t stress ‘bout me. I’ll be fine. I’ve got Cas with me,”
“I love you both very much, and of course I care about Castiel. He’s practically family, Dean,” Dean averted his gaze from Cas’ smiling eyes. Oh, how Dean wishes. That would make his whole situation so much easier to deal with. “Goodbye, sweetie.”
Her fragile body melded against his chest, and for a moment, Sam forgot all about their fraught history and he forgot all about his war-torn brain. Emma pressed her palm on his cheek, and Sam let a small gasp slip.
“Dean,” Mary’s voice was...strange. Dean had never heard her speak like that before. She sounded close to tears. He stared at her, and she got up to pull him in for a hug.
“Thanks for coming so quickly, buddy,” He managed to get out before he was pulled into a crushing hug. “Oh, okay, hi,” He murmured into the tuft of black hair.
“Morning. You have dreadful timing, Miracle.” He whispered into the dog’s fur. Miracle let out a loud bark, and Cas chuckled before pressing a kiss to the dog’s head. Miracle squirmed out of Cas’ grip and went to sit and wait for the door, staring patiently at them. Dean slowly got dressed, pulling on a fresh green Henley and his cleanest jeans. Before he could offer Cas his trench-coat, Cas was pulling on one of Dean’s leather jackets, another pair of Dean’s jeans slung loosely on his hips. The ends of the denim were frayed, and the threads swam at his feet. As he fixed the collar of the jacket and turned to give Dean a blinding smile, the hunter felt his throat close up. “Dean?”
was under Rowena’s tutelage as a witch. Eileen made a quip about fighting the Queen of Hell for her boyfriend, and Sam had blushed so furiously, Eileen couldn’t stop crying from her laughter.
“Cas?” There was a gentle knock at his study door. Cas turned in his swivel chair, elbows resting on the arms. “Um,” Dean looked nervous. “What are we going to do as far as classes go?”
“My name is Dean Winchester. Sam is my brother,” He licked his lips. “Mary Winchester is my mother, and Castiel is my best friend,” Dean pulled Castiel in for a crushing hug before whispering in his ear: “You saved me from Hell, I am yours and you are mine, Heaven and Hell be damned,” Castiel could feel his smile as Dean brought his lips close to the angel’s cheek. “You’re my best friend, and you belong with me, and I fell in love with you in Hell,” He pulled his face back to smile at Cas. The jaded haze in Dean’s eyes had disappeared. “I think they killed the witches,”
Darkness, empty, shattered, desolate. Castiel swam alone in the Empty, ducking and weaving from the Shadow, and drowning out the loud chorus of his fallen brethren and enemies, but he hadn’t stayed.
“We could try something,” Cas whispered somewhere near his jawline. Dean swallowed. “I read somewhere that co-sleeping was supposedly quite helpful for the child’s development, and it can help soothe new parents. We could keep it up just for the week, see if it helps somewhat,” The hand on Dean’s shoulder squeezed gently.
!” Cas flushed.
“Uh, Cas,” Dean murmured, keeping his eyes on Emma. She was staring back at him, a smile in her eyes. “Emma...did something,”
********
to being honest with himself, with Castiel, about his emotions for the first time. And now...
use a proper damn drink.
“Good night, Dean.”
“You’ve got nothing to apologise for. I guess I’ve just learned to be quiet over the years,” He chuckled. Cas knew he was staring at the man, but he couldn’t help it. Dean had
Just as he finished pouring coffee into Dean’s cup, the man in question entered the kitchen. Cas bit down on his tongue to pull back the reprimand about going barefoot on the linoleum in the middle of October.
He couldn’t stand. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t speak. All he could see, hear, feel was
“Dean,” Castiel breathed into his neck, and Dean had to pull his eyes shut to stop his tears from threatening to come back. “I heard you, I heard your prayer,”
“I don’t doubt you, Cas,” Dean heard his name called out from the hedge-maze, and glanced over to see Benny giving him a wave. “And now I’m about to do something incredibly reckless. Don’t hold me back.” With that, Dean finished the rest of his glass and handed it off to Cas. Before Castiel could respond to Dean’s words, the prince marched over to Benny.
Jesus, it’s only Castiel’s
“Okay. I promise I’ll keep out of your hair.”
“My name is Dean Winchester,” The hunter nodded, eyes smiling even as his teeth dug into his lips in concentration. “Sam is my brother. Mary Winchester is my mom. And Castiel,” He stopped worrying his bottom lip to beam at the angel. “Castiel is my best friend and my boyfriend,”
only gave Cas those hickeys because you saw him dressed in your clothes. Am I right?” Dean stared, aghast.
“I’m trying yoga. Sam mentioned it was good for him, so I figured I’d give it a try,”
a dry event, but if you know where the good stuff is, Mr. Smith can’t stop you. He’s a gin man, himself, and it always pays to pour him a drink alongside your own,” He flashed a white set of teeth. “So, you’re Winchester’s boy?” Dean nodded slowly. “If your father’s schmoozing with the higher-ups, I’m going to presume you’re his oldest, Dean?”
They swayed together, keeping a respectable distance apart. Dean exhaled a nervous breath, and Benny noticed.
“Take my hand, you idiot,” Dean smiled, flexing his fingers. Cas let out a soft ‘oh’ before taking the offered hand and grasping his mug with his other hand. Together, they made their way up the stairwell, past the bedrooms and shared bathroom, to the half-stairway and through the storm door leading to the rooftop.
“Cas!” The Shadow-Dean beamed at him, pulling the angel into a crushing hug. Don’t fall for it, it’s still a trick. Dean can’t come into the Empty. This
“Dean?” The soft murmur of Cas’ voice near his ear pulled Dean’s gaze from his dresser. Castiel moved back to give Dean some breathing room, and he appreciated Cas’ gentle squeeze of his shoulders. “You’re safe. You’re okay. Another nightmare?” Dean couldn’t bring himself to speak, so he nodded quickly. Cas made a low humming noise. “Did you count and identify the things on your dresser?” Dean nodded again, and Cas brought his right hand to cup Dean’s chin, making him look Cas directly in his blue eyes. “You remember the trip your family took to the Summer Isles last year?”
that sound. God, that noise used to pull him out of his own bed even when he was only four years old.
“Michael did say there were some changes. Apparently, this was one of them. Strange though,” Cas tilted his head, scuffing his shoe at the ground. “Do you remember this place at all? This specific space, I mean,” Dean frowned, looking around again.
“That’s okay. I can put it away if you don’t want it,” The angel sat the steaming plate of pizza slices in front of Sam, anyway.
There was soft music playing in his room, which intrigued Cas. Once he opened his door, he recognised Led Zeppelin’s ‘The Rain Song’, one of the songs Dean had put onto the mixtape he made him. Cas smiled as he spotted the sonnet book resting on the corner of his bed, but the note resting on top of it sparked a wild curiosity in Cas’ still racing heart. He paused the music before taking the note into his hands.
‘Shut up,’ Castiel sounded bored, and Dean turned to see the angel giving the demon a cold gaze. It made him smirk, and he focused back on the demon.
, Cas―I’m so close. Ruin me, c’mon,’ He panted. Cas growled, and picked up his speed as he fucked into Dean. His feathers tightened around the hunter’s body, and his grace tightened Dean’s skin until he felt strung out. A fire burned up from his soul, and his orgasm ripped through him before he could fully process just how
“Why wouldn’t it be? It’s Dean’s favorite,” Sam remembers Dean buying that jacket, years ago now. He didn’t wear it all that often in the beginning. Dean had always been carrying around Dad’s old leather on his shoulders. But something changed, after the apocalypse. After he said no to Michael. Perhaps he decided then and there he wasn’t going to let anyone define him but himself, at least on the outside. Or perhaps Dean lost the jacket when he tried to deliver it to Bobby. Whatever the reason, Sam was glad to never see that godforsaken thing ever again.
“Castiel,” Dean rested his hands on his hips and tilted his head. He pursed his lips, and Cas fought hard against his desire to get up from the couch and kiss the harsh lines on his face away, until he melted into him like ice-cream on the Fourth of July. “You know me. I’m going to find a way to repay you for everything you’ve done because you’ve gone above and beyond the call of duty as a friend for me. It seems only fair,” He raised an eyebrow, as if daring Cas to challenge him. The heat in his eyes made Cas’ gut churn, and he couldn’t argue against him even if he tried. “That’s what I thought. I’m cooking, and that’s that. If you think of anything else you want me to do, let me know.” With that, he slunk off to the kitchen. Cas could think of a million things he could get Dean to do if he truly wanted to thank him, but most of them fall firmly into the ‘morally wrong’ category. He wrung his hand around his neck before getting up. Dean may be adamant about cooking dinner, but he cannot stop Cas from making margaritas to go with their tacos.
“Dean, this type of thing coming out just before the announcement of your engagement to Lady Carmen Porter, it wouldn’t do too nicely, now would it?” She tilted her head, giving him a kind smile.
“I’m so sorr―”
“Dean,” He breathed.
“I’d suggest making a break for it and reaching out to Cas the best way you know how,” Jack gestured towards the corridor. “Just don’t stay away
Right?
“Oh no, no no no, Lee and I were never...ah,” Dean blushed, and Cas bit his lip to hide his smirk. “We were never exclusive,”
“I can help you guys! I’ve got a few fun little gadgets we could play around with to help.” Mick spoke cheerily. Dean sighed before hanging his head low.
‘Who the fuck does your brother think he is?’ Dean heard Crowley mutter as he hauled Cas across the main room towards the other room. He heard Sam huff an amused laugh before he threw the door shut behind him, effectively muffling everything except his breathing and Castiel’s trench-coat shuffling awkwardly against his clothes.
“I’m starting to believe that,” Dean glanced towards the desk in the corner Cas hadn’t noticed the last time he was here. Perhaps it was something the ex-hunter brought in because of Jack’s suggestions for healing. “It’s funny. You were the first person―well, no, that’s not right. I know for a fact
“Why you?” Dean pressed his cheek into Emma’s and smiled as he felt her wriggle her face to press a sloppy kiss to his skin. Castiel mirrored Dean’s smile.
“I am proud of who I am,” He wasn’t lying, either. Dean was liking the man he was becoming with freedom at his fingertips. With Castiel at his fingertips. The angel let out a noise akin to a cry, but Dean could tell, from his gentle touches and cool grace washing over him, he was proud of Dean.
“Of course I do,” She smiled at Dean before pressing a gentle kiss to his cheek. “There is a chance this man might be my new son-in-law. I want to make a good impression,”
“You beat the shit outta him, didn’t you?” Dean caught his nervous gaze. Cas nodded curtly. “That’s all I need to know. Charlie,” He made a cutting motion on his throat.
some coffee, and soon. Otherwise, he was going to turn into a pile of mush and betray all his feelings at once.
around him. While he was deciding whether that was a good thing or not, the other man decided to continue speaking. “But if it means that much to you, I won’t go looking for it. Can’t help it if the book finds
“Faster, more, please,” Those three words, on repeat, even as Cas picked up the pace. Together they started to tremble, both moving with synchronicity. Dean broke first, calling out Cas’ name as he came across both their chests, body tightening around Cas, pulling out the angel’s orgasm. They still held hands as they came down from their high together, chasing lost breaths. Cas pulled out, and before Dean even considered the mess on their bodies, the angel had already cleared it away with a simple head tilt. They shared a satiated grin as Cas laid down next to Dean, wrapping their arms around each other. Dean didn’t feel the need to break the peace between them, happy to bask in the afterglow of the best sex he’d had in...he couldn’t recall an exact time, so he was going to say ‘forever’. Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s temple.
“No promises, Cas. Perhaps I want to know what my favourite teacher got up to in his youth,” Dean hummed, and Cas snapped his eyes back to Dean. A tension struck up between them, but Cas couldn’t say anything back. Dean licked his lips, a nervous tick Cas had long since learned he had.
“You’re not going to make this easy on me, are you?” Dean cocked a half-grin. “Of course you’re not. You wouldn’t be the guy I fell in love with if you didn’t,”
Dean looked surprised by that, but he still gave Cas a winning smile. He gestured towards the house, and the three of them meandered over the dunes and bluffs towards the rusted door leading home.
“Dean, you are still
The prince slowly caressed the lord’s cheek and leaned in to give him a chaste kiss. Benny’s lips were rough and warm, and...that was it. There was no spark, no light. Lust was an undertone, judging by the ever-so-slight slip of his tongue against Dean’s bottom lip, but that was it.
student. Pray tell, is it your friend, the mechanic with the classic car who looks like he could be a model? What’s his name, again? Jason? Tom? Eric?”
his heart-rate skyrocketing, not just hear his heart beating like harder than John Bonham’s drum solo in Led Zeppelin’s 1972 live version of
“Thank you for the dance, Your Highness,” Benny gave Dean a small smile as he watched Charlie make her way towards Dean with the next suitor in tow. Dean recognised Lady Cassandra Robinson of Girardeau but still turned to give Benny a gracious nod. “I do hope to hear from you soon.”
, it’s a
“Castiel!” Dean cupped his hands around his mouth, barely holding back from letting his feelings slip.
This made a deep frown crease Cas’ forehead as the memory of the nightmare played out in the back of Sam’s mind, in high definition for the angel to see. A part of Sam wanted to reach out to flatten the frown out because he didn’t deserve Cas’ concern. He was an abomination― the angel had said it himself once upon a time.
“Yes, she’s going to alter a lot, and I don’t know what it means,” Cas hesitated. “But perhaps Mick can provide us with the correct tools to gain more insight,” Dean scoffed. “Dean,” He chastised.
The door swung closed, and Cas stayed on the other side of the devil’s trap. Dean glared towards the door Sam just escaped out of, wishing he could do the same, but...
voice in the back of his mind screaming at him to give Dean the book, give him the book, give him the damn BOOK! “Don’t go looking for the novel.”
“Ah, I probably shouldn’t indulge...” But Dean had Cas wrapped around his fingers.
“You don’t need me anymore, so why should I try to understand?” A pang of regret hit his heart as the words came out. He shut his eyes as he heard the tell-tale sign of wings taking flight. He was alone again. Desolate.
“I’m really here, baby, but you’re not going to like this next part,” He revealed an angel blade in his hand, glancing down at it nervously. “Do you trust me?”
“Mate,” He breathed, so quietly he was certain only Castiel― and Emma he supposes ―could hear him.
‘We should talk about this,’ But he was leaning into Dean’s touch, and the hunter felt a thrill course through him at the response to the attention.
“Cas,” Dean breathed. The angel smiled, tears coming back to his eyes.
“Sammy,” He warned.
to look up at the stars because Castiel was doing that
‘What?’
“Apparently, it’s not proper to immediately jump to the first choice I have,”
“How are ya, brother? Nice to see you and Feathers here finally got together,” He glanced at their clasped hands. “Had to put up with you two behaving like lovers for a full damn year,”
hanging over your heart.” He kissed the tip of Dean’s nose. “I branded you when we first met,” He tilted Dean’s head down slightly so he could press a gentle kiss to his forehead before letting him go. “You could ask me today, you could ask me tomorrow, you could go back in time to the first apocalypse, and my answer would still be the same,” He brought both his hand to cup Dean’s face, the hunter’s cheeks burning from all the attention. “Yes, Dean. Always yes.”
much―his partners couldn’t fault him on his ability to make sure they climaxed at least once. But it seems, with Castiel, he’d finally met his match.
“Oh?” Charlie raised an eyebrow, glancing between Dean and Cas. Dean gave Cas a stern headshake, and Cas shrugged. “Whatever. So, what do you think of a movie marathon day, just you and Benny? It'd be cozy. I could organize for some beers and wine...”
Home. Dean. It’s the same thing to Castiel.
“What do you remember?” He asked again, and Dean’s eyes burned with ferocious recognition and determination.
“Seriously?” Dean exhaled a disbelieving sigh. “So much like her daddy,” There was a muffled noise in the background, and Sam caught a female voice.
not a contender.
“Cas, we should listen to Benny,”
“Dean―”
“I don’t know, Cas,” He sighed out, pulling his gaze back to the sunset-soaked road. “How about you tell me what to expect back home first? I’d like to know as much about this Mick character as you can tell me,”
“Thank you, Castiel, for confirming my suspicions. I give you until the end of the three weeks. If you two haven’t done
“I don’t intend to do that,” Cas spoke matter-of-factly as if Dean’s heart didn’t freeze at his words. Green eyes met blue ones, and Cas smiled as he shook his head, continuing to slick his cock. “Don’t fret, Dean. I was merely correcting your language, not changing our course. You see,” He pressed the head near Dean’s entrance, not enough to catch but enough to make Dean burn with desire. “I intend to make love to you.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence, Dean,” Cas smiled wryly. “But there’s no need to stress about any of that just yet. I’m happily single for now,” He paused to consider. “Well, ‘happily’ probably isn’t the best way to describe it,”
He rasped out a breath, watching his tears spilling onto the dusty floor of the barn they met in all those years ago. Pontiac, Illinois. Dean hadn’t set foot back in this barn since he first met Castiel in his vessel, but he’d travelled back here so many times in his dreams. Always, Castiel was here waiting for him in his head.
“Wasn’t she the daughter of the Lord who used to go hunting for deer with Dad?” Sam commented. Dean clicked his fingers.
But Dean couldn’t join in the celebrations. Even though Jack brought back everybody Chuck had taken away from them― their Bobby, their Charlie, Benny, Mary, even Crowley came around with Rowena in tow. Friends from far and wide had made themselves at home in the Bunker, setting up a make-shift ‘We Avoided The End Of The World As We Know It...Yet Again’ party, with a smorgasbord of food and drink splayed out on not just the Map table but the tables in the War Room too. Sam and Eileen were reacquainting themselves with Max and Tasha, Mary was introducing herself shyly to Benny, Garth and Bess were showing off their gorgeous kids to everybody, Charlie was raving loudly to anybody who’d listen about her adventures in Oz, and Gilda was looking on at her girlfriend with a private smile. Jody and Claire were arguing, yet again, over whether Claire should even be drinking beer, and Alex was scoffing and gossiping quietly with Kaia, who was smirking openly at Claire.
“No, I don’t think I will, I’ll do you one better,” Before Sam could make any complaints, there was a noise of surprise on the other line.
‘Coming from the man who called on an
“That’s just...” Cas knew he was being baited, so he took a deep breath and tried again. “You’re tired, and you should go to sleep before you say something you’ll regret. Goodnight, Balthazar.”
“Thank you,” His voice was still raspy, but Sam swallowed and tried again. “For everything.”
*********
Hopefully still going to be a slow burn though!
But he
‘But you’re...huh?’ Sam stood up, making his way to stand behind Cas. Dean watched him, dropping his gaze to Cas.
“I thought you were dating Lee? Or has that ship sailed?” Cas frowned.
to suck your cock,” He met Cas’ burning gaze. The angel brought the hand holding the tie to Dean’s face, caressing the skin. Dean leaned into the touch, feeling his ribcage tremble at the gentleness. “Please, Castiel,” He wasn’t above playing into his desperation, peering up through his eyelashes. He knew he had the angel when Castiel licked his lips, bringing his spit-slick hand to his belt. Dean kept his gaze on Castiel’s eyes as the noise of his belt and pants fell against the floor, but he had to take a peek. He couldn’t help himself. Castiel stood there, in just his silk shirt and... “Are those
of emotionally damaging beliefs in a handful of sentences. It was because of you I was able to deny Chuck his last chance to see ‘Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer’ because you painted me golden in love,” The last word came out nearly garbled. He pressed his hands together in prayer and shut his eyes tightly.
The small puddle surrounding him started to look more like a low-filled lake. Dean’s jeans were disappearing into the wash, and he started to sway closer and closer to the ravine rushing behind him.
,” The thought barely echoed in his head before he felt the chair beneath him fade to nothing and Dean was being pressed up against the hotel door.
now, so he was a little bit shaky. Also, the formula had changed quite a bit from the eighties, but the process was almost the same. He had shaken the bottle until the formula was diluted into the water, and Emma was gurgling and guzzling happily in no time.
*************
had an angel like that on my leash―’
“Alright, weirdo,” Dean patted his brother’s back. Cas got out of his chair, carrying the book with him.
“What makes you say that?”
“Oh thank God,” He breathed. “Look, Emma, it’s your dads,” Emma swiveled in Sam’s arms, and let out a shrill babble of happy noises.
?’ He breathed into Cas’ ear.
‘See? As long as Feathers is around, I’m right as rain. Well,’ Dean shrugged. ‘Until we get Cas’ grace back. But we’ve gotta open Heaven back up, apparently. And kill Abaddon, and Cain, and Crowley,’ He huffed out a laugh at the sound of Crowley making blustering noises through the speakerphone. ‘Then we get Cas’ grace back, then he touches my soul, and boom, I’ll be completely human. If that’s what we want,’
The man in question knocked politely on his open bedroom door, already suited up. Dean smiled at the midnight blue suit his bodyguard was wearing. All the other security guards have to wear their traditional black and white suits, but Dean fought for Cas to wear something more noticeable, so he can find him no matter where he is. He almost regrets it, because the tailored suit fit him like a glove, and made his eyes sparkle a little more than normal. It was maddening.
“Ah, yeah. Yeah, man. Don’t worry about me. Not worth it,”
“This place will crush you before you even get off the ground, love,” Another shiver cascaded its way down Dean’s spine at the affectionate name slipping off the man’s lips. Castiel grasped Dean’s shoulder once again, this time with the cigarette between his fingers. “Would you like a drag?” Dean could feel his chest trembling.
“It’s your fault, ya know?” He gestured to the wide gap in the earth. “You two changed the very fabric of nature by being in here for so long. Never knew this before, but apparently, Purgatory is a living, breathing environment. It adapted to you,”
“Do you trust me?” Dean turned to stare incredulously at Cas, and the angel let out a soft laugh. “You’ll be fine. Just take a slow breath for me,” Dean shrugged and did as he was told. By the time he let out the breath, his world was spun slowly on its axis, and he found himself sitting in the passenger seat. The car didn’t even lurch, or slow down, as Cas swapped their positions with ease. “See? Wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dean couldn’t keep the wonder off his face as he stared at the angel. “Go to sleep, love. We’ll be there soon.” He tried to grumble at the request, but his eyes could barely stay open, and he drifted into the grey light of sleep.
“Not to sound like a grumpy old man, but I had to watch these two idjits dance around each-other from the moment they met until I died, and it was tiring,” Bobby’s eyes were still sparkling, and he chuckled at Dean’s wide eyes.
‘You’re only ever on
“Yeah?” Sam’s voice sounded slightly curious. Cas was being ridiculous, of course. Sam was the gentler of the two brothers, and he knew this. There was no reason for him to be so hesitant.
“You’ll figure something out, Dean. You always do. Why not Castiel?” Mary’s voice was...strange when she made the suggestion. Dean’s eyes flew to Cas, and he could tell his bodyguard heard every word. “You can confidently say he wouldn’t do anything to hurt you, and you’re very comfortable with Cas,”
talk about you quite a bit, even to me,” He chuckled, glancing around before gesturing with a tilt of his head towards the stairs. “I only ask because I’m not about to give alcohol to a minor, no matter how attractive they might be. But since you’re, what, twenty-three?” Dean gave him a small nod, his neck and cheeks burning slightly. “Old enough, at least, to join me out on the balcony for a glass while I have a quick drag?” He patted his suit jacket’s pockets. “If that bothers you, I won’t light up,”
Street, please.” The cab driver just nodded as he clicked on his meter before chugging away. Dean pressed his face into the cool rain-covered window as he stared at the city lights. He thought after being away from the city for so long would make him feel like a stranger in a strange world, and he had in the beginning. But now that he knew he was heading into Castiel’s arms again, he finally felt like he was back home. This place had become like a second home to him because of Cas, after all.
“Da, da, da! Pa, pa, pa!” The noise was almost unrecognizable among the shrill giggles, but still, Dean’s heart soared.
The third time, around two in the morning, Cas got up out of his seat.
‘You gonna answer that, then?’ Sam frowned as Dean pressed the ‘End Call’ button. ‘Dean, if
‘Very funny, Moose. Fine then,
“You have every right, Cas. I’m...I’m glad you know. But, how―”
“You should send Sam a message to let him know you’re okay, Dean,” The hunter looked slightly dejected, freeing one hand from his tight hold on Cas to pull out his phone. Barely flicking his gaze to the screen, Dean typed out: ‘Spell broken, do me a favor and take Rowena out to a day spa or something. Just stay gone for a good four hours, I wanna chat with Cas. Thanks for saving me, you two”.
Oh, fuck yes.
“Shut up, Sammy.”
to make him hyper-aware of Dean tonight, didn’t he? At the thought of his friend, Cas remembered the message Balthazar had sent earlier in the night. He waited until he heard Dean walking down the hallway into his room. He listened in the darkness of his bedroom for his companion to turn on his shower, and only once he heard the water rushing from the guest ensuite, Castiel stepped blindly towards his bed, throwing his phone onto the duvet before stripping completely naked.
“Any other fun suggestions?
prince, he can do whatever the fuck he wants, right?” Dean crossed his arms. “What if I can find someone better than her? If I can find a better alternative, will you let me? Trust me, Mom. You
"I...uh..." He gulped, and the gleam in Dean’s eye turned wicked. He winked before making his way towards the kitchen.
the definition of your father. You’re also not the definition of your mother, either. They have left their traces in you, but you do not have to yield to the impressions in your psyche. You’ve outlived both of them, and you’ve gained more insight than both of them combined. Dean, you’re allowed to feel scared. All parents are. We’ve just got more reasons than most,” He offered up that beautiful gummy smile. “But I swear to you, I will
“I’m here, angel, I’m here,”
‘You don’t say?’ Sam huffed out a disbelieving laugh.
“She’s a bitch, Mom. Also, I’m fairly certain if you dig hard enough, you’ll find she’s not exactly your biggest fan,”
For the first time since Emma arrived, Dean slept peacefully.
?!” Dean laughed. “Holy shit, I struck gold! Sammy,” He grinned at his brother, who now looked like he was trembling. “I’m dating an
“He’s not a dick, Dean,” Cas stated simply. Dean rolled his eyes.
“I’m,” The word came out in a choke, so he forced himself to focus on the feeling of the air flooding his nose as he pulled in a slow breath and watched the papers on the desk in front of him flutter as he exhaled out his mouth. “I’m in a safe space, but I―I want―I
“I’m super. Let’s get in. Hopefully, Benny will tell us more about Purgatory Bizarro-World, and we can get the hell outta here.” He tried to crack a smile, but it felt like a grimace of pain even in his denial. Cas’ lips flattened in disapproval before he followed Dean into the large crack between two jasper and graphite-filled rocks the height of Sam standing on the Impala’s roof.
“Sam, you should slow down, the gift isn’t going anywhere,” But by the end of Cas’ sentence, Sam politely stacked his cutlery on his empty plate, holding a hand up to take in slow breaths. “You know, Dean taught you a lot of good things, but he also taught you some very bad things too,”
like staring at a summer morning sky. Even the memory of it makes him wince.
“I want this, I want all of this, forever,” He panted out, the words making their way out into the stratosphere and Dean knew there was no going back from this. “I want to fit perfectly by your side for the rest of our lives, I want your hand in mine every night, I want rings and our last names to match and our lives to stay together,” Tears welled up, and he couldn’t stop them from cascading down his face. He pulled up slightly to look down at Cas, who was beaming up at him from the precarious spot in front of his tented pants. “I want to be your husband,”
“I don’t envy your position, brother. But do you think his feelings are completely platonic? I mean...” There was a long silence, and Dean felt his ears burn as he strained to continue listening to the faceless players. Perhaps they can help him work out what to do with his feelings for Cas. Was it wise to continue to hide behind the guise of a platonic friendship, even if he knows in his heart he would never fall in love the way he’d fallen in love with Castiel?
There was a moment where Cas didn’t see the grey bubble pop up. His tongue dried up as he remembered all the bruises and the nervous twitches. The bubble popped up again, and something in Cas clicked. He
***************
“That’s my girl.” He murmured, and laughed loudly at Benny’s wide-eyed gaze. “So far, so good, Lafitte. Curious, what are your favourite films? Seems only fair we know about yours,” Benny chuckled.
“It was part of a way to tell people who look down on my community to fuck off, because we all have our secrets, and we all have our depraved thoughts and desires,”
“Oh hey now, don’t dismiss the car, she’s very good―”
“I’m certain, sir,” Dean nodded with gusto to accentuate his certainty. Cas rocketed back up Dean’s body to pull him into a deep kiss. Cas locked his hands into Dean’s hair, tugging roughly just the way Dean always liked it. When they broke apart, Dean smiled. “Marry me, Castiel,”
his father never once took the time to learn anything about his children.
Before Dean had the chance to let doubt or fear or anxiety slip in, Cas pulled Dean into his arms and they appeared under the covers of Dean’s bedsheets, Dean’s head resting gently on the angel’s now-bared chest. Cas ran his hand soothingly from Dean’s shoulder to his back, to the crown of his head.
Rowena? They’ll have their demon henchmen with them too, no doubt,” Cas started gently rocking Emma. Dean’s heart sank. No. Not―
at the foot of his bed, and he smiled as he rolled over.
‘You’re fucking right, I’m jealous. Didn’t you see the way she looked at you?’ He pressed his lips to Cas’ neck. ‘Probably wanted it to just be her and you in that elevator, and she probably wanted you to fuck her until she forgot her name,’ The snarl that was nestled in his chest ripped out of his lips. ‘But she’s got it all wrong, hmm, angel? You’re not hers, are you?’ Dean nipped his teeth into the angel’s neck. ‘Who’s are you?’
“What do you mean, Sam?”
Dean could feel right down his
But thou thereon didst only breathe,
this? Tell me, Dean. Tell me what you want,” It didn’t surprise Dean at all to find how easily Cas slipped into the dominant top role, but Dean’s response to it, however...
to be in my desk drawer one morning, I wouldn’t have been
“Dean.” That was all he said, but his tone spoke multitudes, and it made Dean laugh.
The hotel was exactly what Dean expected it to be: way too much. The opulent chandeliers and cream coloured silk wallpaper reminded the older Winchester of that beautiful room in Van Nuys, and it made his stomach lurch. He felt like he was being charged by the dollar to just breathe in the air of the reception area. The three of them slowly made their way towards the front desk, nervously fiddling with their ragged duffels. Nobody knew half of their bags were filled with weapons.
Flickers of memories crawled to the forefront of his mind. It was the night he first met Cas, at that stupid work function his father dragged both his boys to, in the hopes of landing Dean a job at Sandover Industries. Sam still had a way to go with schooling, and then he was planning to go to college, so John wasn’t pushing his youngest nearly as much. John had forced Dean to shake hands with all the executives and the managers, not letting Dean linger long enough to truly strike up an honest conversation. Until John introduced him to his direct supervisor, Zachariah Smith. The balding man was dragging his ‘favorite protégé, who earned himself a promotion to the Big Apple’ around behind him. Once Zachariah and John had finished their conversation regarding Dean’s chances of working in the Chicago offices, Dean managed to sneak away to get a glass of fruit punch.
Sam cannot remember a time when his brother was not by his side as a child. Other than sleep and school, Dean had always found a way to be near enough to take a bullet for his brother at any given moment. That was how his older brother looked to him; ready to die at a moment’s notice so Sam could continue on living. It was the way their father had raised him to be,
Until Cas taught him how to swim in it.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed out, voice still cloudy with sleep.
Offering a place to stay to escape his abusive, alcoholic father for the night? That’s another chink in Castiel’s plan to maintain an amicable distance. Knowing the man was going to be just on the other side of the wall of his bedroom might just drive Castiel mad. But it’s okay. They’re friends. Friends do this, right? Friends offer other friends a place to crash now and then. Cas has offered the same guest bedroom to Balthazar a handful of times over the years. This is a similar thing, right?
“That, and he’s just, you know, doing his job,”
“Alright.” Cas smiled that same bright smile again, and Dean felt his heart crack open to spill out nothing but love.
‘Yes, you did,’ Cas tilted his head. ‘Your soul, it’s...’ He squinted before realisation dawned on his face. He didn’t say anything, just unfurled a tendril of his borrowed grace and plunged it into what Dean assumed was his soul.
Static hit the car’s radio, and Kansas started playing again. The same song. Dean blinked, frowning at the car. Is it...a tape? He doesn’t recall ever having a single Kansas tape in the car in his entire life, let alone one that has only one song on it. Dean
‘Vermillion, South Dakota?’ As soon as Dean recognised the city, the Mark took control of the rest. It reached out for the First Blade and itched its way out towards the path leading to Abaddon. Dean’s eyes pulled shut of their own accord, and he was flying down highways, overpasses, rivers, townships...until he saw Abaddon, perched lazily on a bed, wrapped in bloodied silk sheets and twisting her fingers into the entrails of a middle-aged man. Dean’s vision zoomed out to reveal the home. It was a grand estate, double-story with a dying garden near the front entry. The name
How can one begin to live when the only soul they lived for was gone?
“You’re also clearly a Winchester,” Dean laughed as he pulled Jack in for a big hug. Jack’s whole face lit up at the feeling of Dean’s arms around him. When the older hunter broke apart from him, he levelled his gaze with Jack. “We’re experts at rule-breaking,” He winked, and Jack laughed. Everybody pulled Jack into their own hugs, Cas reaching for his son last. The god was grinning up as Cas’ hand finally left the top of Jack’s head before speaking again.
could pull angels from the Empty, that’s doesn’t necessarily mean...does it? Dean climbed out of the car and threw open the backseat door. Miracle jumped down and lingered near Dean’s legs, his new dog collar and name tag swinging proudly from his neck.
Claire chuckled dryly.
“Castiel Novak, you’re pathetic,” He muttered to himself, pulling up Dean Winchester’s Facebook profile. There wasn’t much information available to him, however, since he hadn’t sent through a friend request. He was too chicken to do it, and he figured since Dean hadn’t commented on it either, perhaps it was pushing the boundaries of their cautious friendship. He sighed wistfully, hovering his mouse over the ‘Add Friend’ button. His phone vibrated next to his arm, startling him. He went to check it and frowned at the raucous picture of Balthazar sitting in the middle of a group of eleven other people with the caption: ‘
“Sorry, Dean,” Cas mumbled. “I was trying to―”
“Dean,” A large, warm hand clasped on Dean’s shoulder, and he turned to find the older man
Why did he have to lay everything out in the open? Why couldn’t Dean just
? Dean felt the mattress press against the backs of his knees and he tumbled like a sandcastle from the tide, washed away by the current of Castiel. He closed his eyes and couldn’t stop the soft murmurs slipping from his lips as Cas slowly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing more skin to press light kisses into.
?” The word came out broken and mangled. He could feel his lungs start to absorb more oxygen almost without him knowing, and his blood pulling to a slow walking pace in his veins. “Oh.” He breathed out, noting a small trace of spice on his breath as he did. What was that, cinnamon? He looked back down at the now-beaming child in his arms. “Thank you, honey,” Her eyes sparkled in recognition as she tilted her head ever so slightly.
“Over here, Dean,” Cas called from a few paces off to Dean’s left. The hunter tread carefully, making sure not to startle the returning quiet.
for someone being sucked off, so Dean determinedly slurped and moaned around his dick. Cas’ breath caught in his throat, and Dean felt a sweet sense of victory. It was short-lived, however, when his grace started spearing hard and fast against Dean’s prostate. The near-violent shudders in his chest at the feeling had him pulling away from Cas’ cock, in fear of his teeth coming into contact. “Too much, boy?”
‘Oh no, definitely not. Still itching for blood to be spilled, of course,’  He took a long sip from his glass, lips smacking as he continued. ‘But no, Crowley, I’m not begging for it to be put into my body. You forget, not entirely demon, got my own human blood to satiate that. The Mark needs something stronger, just like I needed something stronger to pull me back from the brink of a murderous rampage.’
did she do?” Sam muttered. Dean gave him a warning look. Mary held up her hand to stop Dean’s response.
he know that you know?” Cas nodded solemnly.
“Sounds about right,” Dean muttered.
“Ah, well, I’d love to become a writer, but Dad says―”
“What―” The retort of disbelief died on his tongue as his heart plucked memories from his brain.
“He―” Sam tried, but his voice came out in a broken whisper.
There was a sweet type of domesticity about it, and Cas was more than happy to keep it up. He kept coming up with different ways to approach asking Dean to stay with him full-time, but every time he went to ask, Dean would let out this jovial laughter, and the question would die on Cas’ lips. He forgets everything when Dean laughs with his whole body, even his damn name. If only there was some way to get him to stay, some outside force that required Dean to become bound to Castiel’s house. But he always banished the thought, since it dances close to kidnapping behaviour, and Cas was
” Cas felt his face heat up, despite his usually firm control over his body. His hands trembled, and he could feel his pulse racing violently. He felt Dean’s soft puff of breath trail down the side of his neck, hot and enticing, and barely controlled himself when Dean pressed his lips to the skin there. Before Cas could say anything, Dean pulled back out of his space and gave him a dazzling grin. “Who knew the prophets were so horny, huh?"
“Don’t do it, Castiel,” The Empty began to screech, dropping to their knees, their form morphing and changing into different people in Castiel’s life. Meg, Balthazar, Crowley, Lucifer, Chuck, Dean. But Castiel only had eyes for the real Dean right in front of him.
Castiel is a collection of stars and atoms and rebellion, sewn together to make up a celestial being so daring and loving, and he chose
Hi guys, I know I said I'd update quicker...but I lost motivation, and I just worked out it was because I had tried to keep to a rigid schedule of exactly what to have in every chapter, and it was crushing my creativity. So, I decided to take the barest pieces of the framework I have for this story and just play around with it. This does mean I'm not super sure on how many chapters this will be.
home. The threat to his family made his mouth fill with saliva, all the more to yell and spit and scream at the monster standing there, all smiles. “Big fan,” He approached with his hands exposed, subtly offering up his throat in a display of mild temperament. “I hear if anybody is going to object to my being here, it will be you. So please, allow me to speak my piece before you decide. This is your home, after all,” Dean glared, but gave him a nod to indicate he’s listening.
. It had nothing to do with―”
,” His voice trembled with low whistles and a heavy hum of heavenly force. “
“I know, and I’ve heard them
“Yeah, I could. It was very pretty,” He looked back at Emma. “You’ve got a very pretty voice, Emma,” She giggled, and Dean felt his heart warm at the sight of her smile again. “I love you too, honey,” He blew her a kiss, and her eyes sparkled with happiness. “Makes me think,” He looked back at Cas. “Maybe I could hear your true voice properly now,”
Sam stood and watched his brother’s body be consumed by fire, Miracle weeping solemnly beside him. He should’ve reached out to someone, anyone, so he didn’t have to stand here alone at his brother’s funeral pyre. But who would he call? The only name he could think of― the one person he wanted by his side to help him through this― was turning to ash before his eyes. Sam glared at the burning wood, daring his brother to get up, crack a joke, roll his eyes at Sam’s tears, to bring him in for a hug. One last time. One last hour. One last smile. One more miracle.
deserve this. He swept his hand up from Cas’ shoulder to caress his angel’s cheek, wiping away the drying tears. Before too long, Cas pulled away slowly, like he didn’t want to wake up from the perfect dream. Dean could relate, but he planned on spending the rest of his life proving to himself this was real. They were real.
“Hmm?” Dean dropped his gaze. Now was not the time to get caught up in feelings long dead and gone. “Nothing, Benny. So,” He gestured towards the break in the trees up ahead. “Know where leviathan blossoms bloom?” If Benny and Cas caught the blush on Dean’s cheek, neither commented on it. Dean was silently grateful. He forgot just how
here, and the flowers are a product of whatever it is you two did. They never reacted like that around me, didn’t even open up to me,” Benny spoke matter-of-factly, but Dean couldn’t stop the spluttering noise erupting from his mouth.
“Dean,” Mary tried again. “You’re my
“Why should we trust you?” Dean glared, and The Empty smirked.
**********
“Dean?” That voice was like a kickstart to an old engine. Dean’s heart tried its hardest to sputter back to life, but he trembled still. It’d been three years, and he never once reached out to Castiel in all that time. So he ought to― “Breathe for me, love, nice and slow,”
*********
“Is that how you want your last words to your best friend to be? Insulting him?” The last few words came out in a whimper as another wave of stomach cramps hit him. The light smile on Cas’ face twisted in concern.
“I’m alright, honey,” He pressed a kiss to her palm, but still she insisted. A soft golden glow spilled warm onto his cheek, and the soothing, the healing, the caring washed over him like a fireplace on an icy winter night.
“My apologies, Your Highness,” He straightened his back, dropping his gaze to the ground. Dean let out a heavy breath, and Cas brought his eyes back to the prince. “Sir? Are you alright?”
there would be something to tamper with it. “For now, it means she could not be safer. She’s not the one triggering my protective instinct right now,” Dean felt his face get hot.
“I’m sorry, Jack. Thank you. Thank you for trying. It didn’t work. I didn’t try hard enough. I’m...I’m not enough to bring him back. I’m sorry.” He sobbed out, holding his face in his hands. The dam has broken, and there was no chance of Dean regaining his semblance of control anymore.
“Alright then, let’s go then,” He reached out his hand, and Cas took it gracefully. They made their way to the kitchen, and Dean’s fingers twitched against Castiel’s hand, but he refused to let go, even as they entered the kitchen.
Castiel didn’t know what to say to that, so he plunged his second finger inside of Dean, watching as the hunter writhed down onto him. The pleasure was written all over his face, straining to break free. Cas reached and held onto Dean’s left shoulder, where he first marked the hunter as
“I’ll never turn down alcohol,” He winked, and Cas smiled.
“You’re reading Lord Lafitte’s letter, aren’t you, sir?” There was thinly-veiled snark underneath the question, and Dean blushed.
“If you’d like, I could be the one to call on you,” Cas spoke easily like he hadn’t been a dick to him a mere few moments ago. “You seem to...” He went quiet, pulling his mouth shut. Dean raised an eyebrow.
The air was slowly becoming water, and Dean’s arms felt heavy and leaden. He glanced back down at his scratched hands and saw instead of blood pooling from the wounds, thick globs of water gushed out. The gravel underneath him gave way, and he scrambled to cling onto the metal railing to keep from falling off the cliff into the ravine, despite his difficulty breathing. Still, still, still, the memories sprung forth.
“Whaddya say, angel?” They waggled Castiel’s eyebrows. Castiel hesitated.
“You were never alone, either, Dean,”
voice. Sam only ever used that voice when he was struck with such terror or sickness that he can barely keep himself standing. Dean’s limbs ached to rush towards his fearful brother, his sickened child, but his brain was still echoing with church bell warnings. His brother thought he was
“I promise I won’t do anything untoward,” That smug little smile was back again. “Unless you want me to, of course,” Dean gulped, and he must’ve swallowed his voice box as he went. Silent breaths fell from his open lips as he stared at the angel unbuttoning his shirt. “Close your eyes, love. I’ll be right here by your side.” The shirt fell to the ground, and Dean averted his gaze from Cas’ now-bare chest. As soon as he got comfortable keeping his head turned away, he felt the blankets shift underneath him, and they fell on top of his body without any struggle. Warmth surrounded him, and he felt the source of it nearing closer and closer to his right side.
. This wasn’t the first time Cas had borrowed Dean’s clothes, of course. There had been many mornings― after spending one too many hours dancing, wine-drunk, in their kitchen late into the night― where Dean would take their greasy hangover breakfast out onto the balcony. Cas would always get cold from the brisk morning wind, so Dean always pulled out his favorite wool-lined Sherpa jacket for Cas to snuggle under while they drank their coffee together. A wretched sob made its way out of his lips as the memories curled up in his head like beloved pages of water-stained books.
“I do, love,” Those three words, so simple, so gentle, but so destructive to Dean’s heart. The hunter scrunched his face.
“Stay.” He barely breathed the word, but Cas caught it.
'Dean. Why would you bring that up?' He tried to keep his voice flat and heated. The demon flickered his gaze to his brother.
“Ah, so,” He let his smirk come out in full force. “You were fuck buddies.” Cas huffed out a chuckle at the sight of Dean’s eyes widening and his mouth falling open in shock. “Why, Dean, you look surprised that I know what that even means,” He tutted. “I’m not
don’t. You cannot honestly look me in the eye you haven’t found something you’ve done to pin the blame on yourself either. I
“Warm?”
“Forgive me, my Lord, but what is the state of your security measures for this part of the manor?" Cas zeroed in on the closeness of the
,” The name send a heady shudder through Dean’s whole body. That’s what Cas only ever called Dean in his dreams. This isn’t a dream, this is reality. Cas knows. Castiel knows, he
tend to lock eyes for way too long. Sometimes makes me uncomfortable, but that’s not the issue. The issue is, you want to...figure out how to tell Dean you found his poem?”
Dean had even started keeping a few of his things in the guest wardrobe. Not that Cas minds. He washes Dean’s clothes, folds them away, and doesn’t say anything. When Dean comes around from a long day working at Singer’s Salvage Yard, covered in motor oil and grease, Cas asks Dean to leave his clothes outside the guest bathroom, and he makes sure Dean has them ready to go for the next morning.
