Before Cas could respond, Dean pressed his lips to Cas', a hand moving up to cup Cas' jaw. Dean slowly turned his head allowing him to deepen the kiss and gently forcing Cas' mouth to open. Dean's tongue swept inside Cas' mouth and Cas could've wept at the pleasure of it.
His voice sounded concerned but the playful smirk on those pink lips, he knew exactly what he was doing. Asshole.
In a swift move, Dean undid the snap and zipper of his jeans and nudged the fabric out of his way. Thank God for his fetish for going commando. His cock spilled out in his hand, his balls heavy. He was close to release as he pumped his cock while milking Cas. Cas' fingers dug into Dean's hair, pulling, and Dean vaguely felt a sting as he continued his ministrations.
The house was eerily quiet without Cas puttering around and playing his hippie music. Seriously, what was wrong with classic rock?! Judging by the lack of the hideous cream colored Lincoln in the driveway, Cas was at his second job, not like Dean would know what that was. Any time he would ask, Cas would calmly reply, “It’s just a job Dean, nothing fancy.”
“Pancake! What the hell did you do?!” His hopes at a wet and wild shower were dashed when he discovered his toy drawer pulled from the nightstand and laying on the floor. Bits of purple rubber lay around the drawer and a chewed open container of his only and favorite bottle of lube laid spilled on the carpet.
Cas let out a whimper as Dean slowly undid Cas' pants and slid them down his legs. He was whimpering a lot and just couldn't seem to stop it. The adoring look on Dean's face made and broke Cas at the same time. Cas had the sudden urge to pinch himself to see if he was dreaming.
Dean tried to hold out, he wanted to make Cas' first time the best but against his will he was rushing toward release. Cas' tight little virgin hole felt so damn good.
Cas' dark blue eyes narrowed as he heard the moan again. Dean was definitely in pain and since the hunter helped him, Cas was more than willing to return the favor. Getting to his feet, Cas walked to the door, ears alert for more signs of distress. He was in front of Dean's door, ready to knock when Dean said his name. "Cas."
"So when can we go for another ride?" Cas asked, a wide grin making his eyes crinkle around the edges.
Sliding his finger in and out, he swallowed Cas' mewls of pleasure while gripping a handful of his raven hair. Adding a second finger, he began to scissor within Cas' hole, prepping him for what was to come.
Dean buried his face in his pillow, his heart beating fast. Cas scared the shit out of him in more ways than one. He had been with men before but this was Cas and Dean was never fully sure how to deal with his feelings toward the man. Any time he thought of the raven haired ex angel, Dean's pulse ran quick and his pants grew tight.
"Are you sure? I've never done that before, I don't want to hurt you." Cas frowned and Dean quickly kissed away the little furrow that was created between Cas' eyes.
"How goes what Dean?" Cas asked, glancing up at him in confusion. He squirmed in his seat, Dean's green eyes locked on Cas' cerulean blue.
“Dammit Pancake.” Dean fumed as the animal in question sat on his haunches, tongue lolling as he panted and snorted. Dean swore he did more snorting than anything else. What Cas saw in the pudgy pile of fur, Dean had no clue.
Firing up the Impala, he peeled out of the driveway and quickly made the twenty minute drive to the edge of town. Conveniently located next to an off ramp was a plain white one story building with the simple name, Jackie’s Heavenly Pleasure Emporium.
"You keep staring Cas." Dean said, so quietly that Cas wasn't sure he heard him right. Even so, Cas jumped and lowered his head. "You stare a lot."
"Dean, you're so fucking tight." Cas bit out as he slowly pulled out and thrusted back in. His balls slapped against Dean's ass as he gradually began to pick up speed.
Dean huffed out a laugh and ran a hand through his short sandy hair. "It's just an expression Cas. Means 'what are you doing.'"
Pumping Cas' cock in his hand a few times, Dean let out a chuckle as Cas' head bumped the wall. He took great pleasure knowing that he drove his angel mad. Speaking of pleasure...
Cas sat on the bed in his room, staring at nothing in particular. He was still getting used to being human, something he wasn't sure he would ever master. His grace was taking longer than expected to regenerate and for the first time, Cas was afraid it would not come back. Being human was a strange thing. Strange in particular, the thoughts he had for a certain hunter.
Dean pulled the Impala up to the shop and winced as he almost hit the curb. Nonchalant he is not, ha! Rolling his eyes he put the car in park and turned off the engine. The shop that he used to frequent had been replaced by Jackie's and apparently they were curbside service only. Dean didn't even know that was a thing.
Rolling on a condom, Dean coated his cock and Cas' hole with lube. Moving Cas' legs to get better access, Dean thrust into Cas in one smooth motion. Cas' face scrunched in pain and pleasure and Dean began peppering Cas' face with kisses while giving his body time to adjust.
"Yes, like that baby. Fuck my hole. I can feel you in my throat you're so big." Dean gasped, bracing himself on one forearm so he could stroke his aching cock. Grunts, moans and slapping flesh filled the small space of the room. Dean thought he would die with the pleasure of it all.
"You were in the 'neighborhood’ of a job I never told you about and you just decided to pull in and park? What're you doing here, Dean?"
"Oh, my apologies." Cas said, beginning to retreat from Dean's room, his cheeks bright. What had Dean been doing, if he was not sick or having a nightmare? One thing was for sure, being human was complicated!
"Oh go-god yes." Cas hissed. He could feel himself hurtling toward the edge. "Dean, D-Dean, I'm going to...."
Moving to Dean's neck, Cas sucked and bit, leaving little purple marks from Dean's neck to his chest.
Cas nearly gave himself whiplash as he shook his head. "I don't want you to stop. I've been thinking about this since I first saw you. If I could sleep, you would be what I dream about. I need this and I think you do too. I want you Dean, all of you."
"You haven't seen anything yet baby." Dean murmured, capturing Cas' lush pink lips with his. The man tasted like pure sugar and Dean couldn't get enough. He rubbed his erection against Cas, his eyes widening to find that Cas was hard as a rock...and
Dean sighed and laid his forehead on the steering wheel. He was pathetic. Having a freakout in the parking lot of a sex store. Honestly, he wasn’t sure why he was here besides the fact of Pancake eating his one and only dildo. He hadn't had anybody to use it with in months. At least he was in sympathetic company.
Eyes darkening with desire and the heat of Cas' words, Dean captured his lips with a hunger. Nimble fingers undid the buttons of Cas' shirt and Cas make quick work of removing the shirt, tie and blasted trench coat. Dean's mouth watered at the sight of Cas' tan skin, the leanly muscled frame just begging for attention.
Breathing heavily, Dean pulled back to look at Cas. Running his hand through his hair, he then began fiddling at the buttons of Cas' shirt. "Tell me to stop."
Pressing his lips to Cas', Dean gasped with pleasure as Cas' tongue pushed into Dean's mouth, swirling and probing.
A tremor went through Dean, it was nice to be needed. And he had wanted the ex angel since the first time he set eyes on him. He ached to have him and no amount of jerking off was good enough.
Cas and Dean laid on the floor, a tangled mess of arms and legs. Dean idly ran his hand through Cas' raven locks, loving how silky the strands felt on his skin. He knew the first time with Cas would be mind blowing but he had no idea how truly good it would be. Technically though, he hadn't fully had the man yet.
Panting, Dean slowly withdrew from Cas and grabbed a t-shirt to clean them both up. When that was done, he snuggled Cas to his chest, running a hand through his raven hair. Night had fully descended and the bugs would soon be out. After a few minutes, they got dressed and climbed back into the Impala.
Cas was on edge. Normally he was nice and calm which came in handy during stressful times but just thinking of Dean fucking Winchester, he was a horny mess. It didn't help that Dean always made some kind of perverted comment toward him which gave Cas hope. But what if Cas was reading Dean wrong? He would be crushed if he made a move towards Dean and Dean refused him. Cas couldn't bear it if Dean treated him different.
"Yes, sure Dean." Cas sat down the book he was reading and stood on shaky legs. Usually when they took a spin in the Impala it was the three of them, never just Dean and Cas. Why did it suddenly feel like they were going on a date?
"You could never hurt me Cas. I want you, all of you." Before Cas could protest, Dean flipped over onto his stomach and rose up onto his knees. Need burned hot and low in his belly.
Just as their heartbeats were beginning to slow and they drift off to sleep, a loud knocking on the door made them jump.
Made sense. They had just gotten back from hunting a pack of werewolves in Michigan. In the melee, Dean came to Cas' aide and gotten injured because of it.  Cas hated being weak, hated this human body and hated not having his powers. But having Dean come to his rescue was...nice.
Dean released his hold on Cas' cock and dug around in his pants. Triumphantly holding a small bottle of lube, Dean climbed on top of Cas. Squirting a healthy amount onto his fingers, his gaze locked onto Cas', Dean slowly slid a finger into Cas' hole.
Dean took an experimental lick. God, Cas was delicious. He sucked harder from root to tip earning a gutteral moan from Cas. He hasn't seen anything yet, Dean thought to himself. Taking a deep breath, Dean relaxed his throat and took Cas deeply, feeling his tip hit the back of his throat. Still, he was able to get a hand around the root of Cas' cock and pumped vigerously as Cas' fucked his mouth.
. Preferably with Dean's cock sliding into his tight little hole. He shifted in his seat, trying to cover the growing tent in his pants. All he wanted to do was throw Dean down and fuck him until he screamed.
Dean gulped at the glorious ten inches of cock that he was about to go down on. He always wondered, late at night aching cock in hand, if Cas was well equipped. Now he knew. And
“Uh, yeah, sure I guess.” Dude, this was the awkward guy that he lives with; who listens to hippie music, cooks while wearing bunny slippers and is perpetually trying to get a honey bee to give him a high five. But hearing him talk about various materials, whether or not suction was important and of course girth and length had him so hard he was amazed his zipper hadn’t burst yet from the strain.
Heart pounding fast, Cas joined Dean on the hood of the car. Dean was leaning back against the windshield, his gaze pointed at the stars. Cas felt like a silly schoolboy with his first crush. The world could be burning down around him but all he had eyes for was Dean Winchester.
"Dean, I - I'm going to-" Cas couldn't even finish the sentence, his eyes rolled into the back of his head as he cried out his release. Rope after rope of cum coated Dean's stomach. Letting out a roar, Dean thrusted again and again, letting out his release, his face buried in Cas' neck.
Cas fingers were making squealing noises on the surface of the car as Dean worked him over. Rubbing a hand on his balls, Dean sucked, licked and deepthroated Cas' cock. He was delicious!
A wicked smile lit Dean's face. He had been dancing around the idea of him and Cas as more than buddies. No more messing around. He knew what he wanted. It was time for him to get some angel food cake.
Heavy hooves stomped on the floor as they made their way further down the road. But suddenly instead of hearing dirt and leaves being crushed beneath Sams' enormous feet, they heard a soft melody. It drifted and swirled through the air like water and made the atmosphere that bit more comfortable. It was coming from Cas, He was singing for him. Dean was in awe and wondered if his voice sounded just as beautiful in his human vessel. The sweet sound continued until he fell into a deep slumber and Cas lowered his volume as to not wake him.
Sam and Hiccup were each staring at their friends nervously, this was not going well, and it would only be a matter of time before it went too far
"With any luck, she won't be targeted, and we'll get to the witch before she attacks anyone else" Cas tried to give them some hope and it worked.
Several hours passed once more and the sun was almost completely set, bathing the land in the soft glow of dusk. The fog had long since settled upon the floor, weaving through the trees, illuminating the forest in an ominous way that made Sam shiver despite his thick layer of fur.
He made his way left, walking to the side of the road. They all soon realized that this was about to be a long and boring trip.
Dean grumbled and climbed back to his little warm spot of the antler "you've always had freakishly long legs, Sammy."
He carefully bent his head to the ground and allowed Castiel to safely jump to the floor, he briskly made his way to the front door and knocked. when nobody answered, as they expected, he opened the door and peeked his head in.
"We are going to get you back to normal, no matter how funny it is, I would like you back. We all would, because we love you, dean. All of us, not just me." He stroked the horn on his head, and Dean sighed into it.
Sam and Castiel were sprinting down the road towards the diner, it wasn't too far but on foot, it felt like an eternity. After running like madmen for 10 minutes, they saw skid marks on the road that led into the forest.
"I'll call you Chocolate, Choco for short" She grinned at Sam, then raised dean to her eye level "You'll be Peanut" She carried Dean like a baby and looked to Castiel "Your name can be Blu since your feathers are blue!" She grinned innocently
"I'm not gonna get that far away from him, just wanna see how fast he can go. He could use a good run once in a while."
"We need someone who can help, like Bobby" He glanced at his phone and furrowed his moose brows "Although, that may be a struggle"
He snapped his fingers and all went bright, Sam shielded his face while Cas covered Dean's eyes, attempting to save him from his brother's idiocy.
Dean grumbled in defeat causing Castiel and Gabriel to chuckle at him. They began to discuss how they were going to find it, and reluctantly, Dean agreed to stay out of its way and only study it from afar. Sleep came easy to the Winchesters that night, as it usually does while they're being guarded by some f the most powerful creatures in the land.
He laughed "Let's hope it doesn't come to that" He walked over to them and released them from their bindings
"No, you need to rest. There should be enough shelter under the trees" He pushed on sams antler to steer him right
"How in the- you know what, I don't wanna know" He sounded disappointed or agitated, they couldn't tell.
He turned to walk in the rough direction they were supposed to be going, without Dean. Which obviously made the man now squirrel, protest. He ended up sprinting to keep up with Sam as they continued. He only laughed at Dean's misery for a little bit until he finally ducked his head to let him up.
Gabriel shook his head and stomped his feet, his action seemed to have alerted Castiel since he then started to do the same. The confused riders tried to calm their dragons
Taking the easy route out, the poachers reluctantly left, Bobby turned to see the wounded moose lying on the floor with a squirrel and bluebird trying to stop the bleeding. Bobby rushed inside and then back out holding a medic kit, he cleaned the wound and began to dress it when he spoke
Sam and Castiel both looked at him expectantly. Sams' eyes widened comically as he realized what Dean was gesturing to
"I apologize, but I only had a limited window of where to land. The witch's spells have been causing rifts which will not allow me to land within a certain distance of them."
"And if they are, we split up a family." Astrid suddenly went silent "How would you feel if curiosity dragged you to a strange island, and instead of the people there being peaceful and exchanging information, they took away your dragon, tied you to a chair, and accused you of forcing your best friend to do your bidding?"
"Fine, but if you mention this to anyone I'll stand on you" He made his point by stomping his hoof on the floor twice
Bobby was quiet for a minute before he turned and walked back inside. Sam was going to call to him but he just waved a dismissive hand.
"You think you can just curse one of us and get away with it?" Sam moved the witch so she was standing in by herself with no one to hide behind.
One of the smallest dragons they had ever seen. It looked at them in alarm before scurrying away. They sighed and relaxed their stance, glancing at each other before staring at Gabriel
Everyone seemed to think over his words, and after a while, she spoke up "It would feel...Painful. Incredibly Painful" She gazed at the brothers and heaved a sigh. She looked up at Hiccup who had on a pleading face "If you're wrong about this-" She pointed her axe at him
Gabriel leaped around them all in joy. Sam chuckled at his antics and went to calm him down. They mounted their dragons and started to the Dome. Castiel once more huffed
"Oh, a smart guy are we? Let's see how smart you are when you're missing some fingers!" She came closer to Dean who scowled and leaned towards her in challenge
"It seems that my brother has turned us into animals, as some form of a practical joke" He explains and Dean had the decency to look a little bit guilty
"I prayed to him but he didn't answer, but you did pull a shitty prank, so it's understandable." Sam mused
"Well, in that case, you should come in and rest, it must have been a long journey" Ellen invites them in.
Gabriel's laughter echoed throughout the bunker from the map room. Dean stood triumphantly on one side while Gabriel writhed with laughter on the other.
"And then what? Just let them go so they can run back to their boss and tell them our location? No chance"
"You're just mad that your neck always hurts from looking up at me all the time" Sam replied sounding amused
Sam sprinted as fast as he could through the trees with his bullet wound in his thigh, bounding over rocks and fallen trees with expert agility. The shouting of the poachers was still right on their ass, but they were out running them, no sooner than Sam had screamed had bobby ran out of his house holding his trusty shotgun. He stood at his porch like a ray of hope and they bolted straight for him, taken off guard, bobby stumbled back but quickly regained his posture and aimed at the poachers, unknowingly protecting his adoptive sons.
"Honey, I don't think they want to be separated," One of the parents said, crouched down to her height
Eventually, after a long time staring at each other, the scrawny boy with brown hair and one leg stepped forward. He was standing in front of the night fury who seemed to be giving them the stink eye. The boy, Hiccup, took a friendlier approach, which pissed Dean off even more.
There lay what looked like a mound of dirt, but upon closer inspection was something entirely different.
Dean awoke with a start, he looked around and then started to panic. His brother was not with him, Sammy was gone. He got up from the floor and observed his surroundings, he was in a cell.
"Dean, you take the woods all the way to the roadhouse and don't get seen, while we take the car. By the time we regroup it'll be about midday and we can stay there until dark, ok?"
Dean startled and looked to Cas, worried that he would fly away since he can't teleport as a bird due to the lack of angel wings. But when he landed next to Dean, he relaxed. Cas placed his wing around Dean's shoulders and pulled him in tightly. When he practically melted at the warmth Cas gave him, he took that as a good sign that it was welcome. All dignity was thrown out the window at this point when Dean snuggled in closely to Cas's chest seeking more warmth. It made Sam chuckle after he adjusted to the weight difference, and he had to stop himself from shaking his head, lest he disturb the love birds. Well love bird and squirrel, he thought.
Dean made his way to his bedroom, which was rather large considering he shared it with a massive dragon. He grabbed some necessities and chucked them in a bag, then strapped that bag to the back of Castiel. He hooked the saddle around his middle and left the room.
A day and a few pit stops later, they arrived at what they believed to be the home of the night fury
Sam stood on his hind legs and threw his front hooves to the floor a few times, clearly displaying his displeasure, The two small animals clung to his antlers for dear life as he threw a hissy fit.
It had been around an hour since they left when Sam got a little bit bored. He glanced at Dean in the rearview mirror and smirked to himself. Castiel gave a questioning look but he only smiled more, then all of a sudden, they started to speed up.
"Now you give us a call when he's human-sized again so we can have a proper conversation, ya hear?" Ellen shouted to them as they were getting in the car
Ash suddenly sat up, and Jo stopped wiping the tables when they heard her use that tone of voice. The witch cowered behind the moose man.
"we're here hunting a witch and we came to see if you had been enchanted, since she seems to have a personal vendetta against us we figured that she was after you."
Dean took a step towards her "Listen lady, I don't know what your problem is, but we came here to document a night fury. YOU attacked US, you jumped us without provocation or any indication that we were doing harm. We were peaceful. you're the bad guy here.
Sam glanced around for backup but only received a shrug, sighing, he shook his head "Fine, but if we get killed, I'm blaming you"
"How did a couple of intoxicated teenagers manage to kill so many people all at once? Surely they would have retaliated."
As the night continued, they shared funny stories and sad ones too. They played some games and enjoyed their food, and while they couldn't understand him, he could understand them, and it made him giddy with happiness at the thought that they did this all for him. Cas's words replayed in his head for a moment 'Because we love you, dean. All of us, not just me.' and he damn near cried.
"You know, as an apology, we could share with you everything we know about the night fury?" He offered
"My powers went haywire when they jumped me, I got scared and lost control. The attack was completely unintentional so even if you do kill me nothing will change."
He was looking up on a local witch who had been terrorizing the residents by turning them into animals. Her spells were not exactly lethal, but they were making more and more people aware of the supernatural, people who had lives and didn't need to be burdened with it. So as soon as the Winchesters heard about it, they started hunting.
The confusion turned to rage in a split second. Sam turned to head back towards the witch but was stopped by a hand on his shoulder.
It was still dark when Dean woke up. He found himself to be outside and was confused for a moment before looking down, and remembering what occurred the previous day. But then he noticed something, as he lifted one of his arms he found Castiel sleeping soundly beside him. He felt comforted by the thought that his beloved had stayed with him the whole night. He lowered his head and nudged Castiels face with it, in an attempt to wake him up. It worked, but he was not best pleased with the interruption. After he properly got up, he went to retrieve Sam, Jody, and the witch to get back on track to the hut.
"Wow, Hiccup? His parents must have hated him." He places the sheet back on the table "Well what makes him so interesting, apart from the name of course"
Sam chuckled and patted Gabriel on his head. He leaned in and whispered, "How about another race?" Gabriel grinned like a big idiot and sped off at unimaginable speeds, leaving the other two in his dust
Hours passed, the sun was now rising and Sams' breathing became ragged which woke Dean. Groggy and confused, he yawned and stretched. Cas lifted his wing to allow him more room but upon the onslaught of cold, Dean buried his nose back into his feather-covered neck, which made Cas sigh and pull him closer, almost underneath him, but he wasn't complaining. After a moment of relaxing, Dean realized why he had woken in the first place.
"Alright then" She went to take the squirrel and bluebird off of them moose but was met with absolute panic from all three of them
When Sam opened his eyes, he stood before his own angel in his human form again. He was avoiding eye contact with Sam, having the decency to look guilty
"Dean? Dean are you ok?" The moose lowered its gigantic head to bump its nose against his head. Dean paused
Dean excitedly smiled at his brother "We gotta go see this thing!" Castiel huffed at his riders enthusiasm, only to be ignored
Before Dean could retort, Gabriel stomped his right foot and snorted, sending a signal to them that they were not alone. They all hushed immediately. The brothers shared a glance before Sam took two weapons from his satchel and handed one to Dean.
Bacon and pancakes filled his senses as he rose from what felt like death. He swung his legs over the bed he was in and went to leave. He figured out in his hazy daze that he was at bobby's house and was excited to see the old alcoholic. His bare feet hit the carpet when he stepped down, four pairs of eyes looked at him as soon as he entered.
Dean sat on the chair opposite his brother and swung his feet up to the table. With half a hot dog in his mouth, his words were muffled but living with him in such close quarters for their whole lives, he was fluent.
"I think so, look" He pointed to the ground which had an abundance of large claw marks scattered on it.
"There was a witch that was cursing people to be animals, and when Dean and Jody pursued her she got startled and accidentally shot him with the spell. But since she was so shocked that he appeared out of the blue, the spell got warped and turned him into an amalgamation." Dean huffed at his reply. He thought he looked pretty cool.
Gabriel and Castiel, who had previously been lying down, wandered up to the boys at the mention of death. Dean patted Castiels neck since he was so much taller than him
Gabriel was with Sam as he packed some weapons, he picked up various swords and presented them to his human who would either nod or shake his head. Once they had a decent arsenal packed all that was left to do was meet up with the others.
She stood back upright and turned away "Right then, who's hungry?" then went to go and prepare something.
Sam looked down at Dean "Having a craving for nuts? Or better yet how the view from all the way down there?"
Sam turned right into the woods, he walked until he found a suitable spot to rest. Once he was settled, he slowed his breathing and tried to get some sleep knowing that his brother and Cas would protect him from harm.
Castiel spoke his own dragon language of growls and snorts which only Dean seemed to understand, Gabriel doing the same thing with sam
"If it's hanging around a guy like that-" He pointed at the not so accurate picture of the man "Then how much of a threat could it be?"
The mother sighed and looked to the other parent, who just shrugged "I don't see why not. I mean obviously not the moose, but we already have parrots so a bluebird and a squirrel shouldn't be too hard to take care of. Is that ok?"
"Took you long enough" Dean huffed upon seeing his brother enter the room "If you're ready we should get going, if we leave now, we could make it by tomorrow afternoon"
She shakily stood and made her way back through the woods, she passed Dean very slowly and looked him in the eyes as he glared at her. As the group gradually made their way back, the witch started to panic more and was about to make a break for it, but was stopped when Dean stepped right next to her. Since he was now massive he could easily crush her, so she decided not to risk it. Once they reached the cars, Sam looked to Dean.
Casual conversation passed between the group for hours until they fell asleep. Castiel passed out leaning against Dean's neck, so he seized the opportunity to curl his head around and rest it in his lap. This way, he had Castiel completely encompassed but his neck so he was safe. Upon instinct, he brought his legs and tail to cover the others and when he did, he failed to notice the missing resistance that should have to be there. Finally, he drifted to sleep.
They all settled into a comfortable position with Dean using his huge body to curl around the camp, to keep them safe. Castiel was positioned right next to Deans head while the others were leaning against his stomach, and the witch was chained with cuffs to one of the spines of his tail.
Gabriel and Dean had always had a childish rivalry, and ever since Gabriel started dating Sam it has just gotten worse.
A while later, Dean awoke with a start. Groaning, he brought his hand to rub his head, only to realize that it was a lot smaller and a lot fluffier than usual. He yelled in surprise and scrambled backward, only to bump his head. When he looked up he saw a gigantic moose staring down at him and yelled once more
Sam trotted down the path, glad that this was about to end because he knew that none of them were going to living down any of this any time soon. Between the trees, he could see bobby's house in the distance, barely a mile left to go. But just as the nightmare seemed to over, a gunshot shattered the comfortable silence followed by Sam's moose cry of pain. Dean and Castiel whipped their heads fast enough to give them whiplash
"I'm so sorry Samoose, but you gotta admit" He glanced into Sam's eyes "You do look good as a moose"
"In any case, we still need to find a way to reverse this. Unless you wanna stay as a squirrel Dean" Sam Glared at him "I mean this is your fault after all"
"How's that for a squirrel?" Dean puffest his chest a little, making Castiels feathers rustle and his heart skip a beat
Before the fighting could continue, Sam had grabbed Dean but Hiccup was still torn about what to do, so once more Astrid rushed Dean but this time he couldn't defend himself. She raised her axe and Hiccup snapped out of his trance in time to yell her name.
"So naturally, when none of the creatures on earth could hold such power, his soul took the next best thing." They looked astonished and she smiled "His true form is one of heaven's guard dogs."
Sam snorted and looked around, He leaned closer to his brother "Hey, look, uh, Hiccup is just going to copy down the night fury page so we don't have to stick around longer than we have to. Which means that we can be gone within the hour"
feeling warm and satisfied, Dean tried to get to sleep but found he was struggling with the awkward sound of Sams' heavy breathing.
He tried to think of what to do, but when nothing came up he just plunged his whole head into the stream and started to take big gulps. He vaguely heard laughter on the surface and quickly lifted his head to see Cas in hysterics. He smiled, Castiel didn't laugh much, but Dean would take full advantage to just admire him when he did. After he calmed down and wiped the tears from his eyes, he saw Dean staring at him and blushed. Dean lowered his body to the ground and nudged Cas with his snout, he chuckled some more and held onto it.
he ran his hands over her hood and then jumped in the driver's seat and did the same with the wheel.
The fight with the Winchesters was not going well, they had awoken to five people circling them ready to attack. They grabbed their weapons as fast as they could, but it wasn't fast enough. Soon, they were subdued along with their dragons, the fight was lost.
She sighed and relaxed her arms "I didn't turn those boys into random animals, I turned them into a reflection of their soul."
Before Dean could register what was going on, his angel was pulled into the bar with the door slamming behind him. This only alarmed the cursed man for a second until he remembered it was Ellen and Jo who yoinked him, so he'd be fine. About 5 minutes later, he lay down and played with his tail when the trio came out the door. He let go of his new limb and turned his attention towards them. Castiel walked right up to him and put a hand on his snout, while the other two skeptically inched toward him.
Bobby yelled in surprise, while Cas and Dean scowled at him. Sam was resting on the floor when Gabriel rushed over to him, standing in front of him and cradling his moose head, gently in his hands. Sam tried to look angry but ended up sighing and nuzzling into Gabriel's hands more.
"Ok, ok, I'm going. Just stop with your little squirrel claws, its horrible" He protested "Like a fork on a plate"
Before anything more could be said, Sam came around with the car. he motioned for them all to get in, which they did, except Dean. He stood outside the car awkwardly looking at the others.
"It's ok, I'm not tired yet. I think it's because of my long legs I'm not sure, but I can keep going."
She walked up and hugged Sam around his abnormally large neck, which he tried to return as best he could. She let go and held her hand out to Dean who shook it with both hands, making her laugh. She held out her index finger and gently stroked it over Cas's back, he appreciated the kind gesture from the child. After everything was said and done, they once more started on their journey to bobby.
Cas looked concerned "Bobbies place is very far Dean, even further at the height, you are now. You will not be able to make it"
They stay for a moment later, until someone coughs. The pair turn to see the three averting their eyes, Sam points at his brother who throws him a confused look which turns into realization as he looks down. A bright blush covered his cheeks as he glanced around for the bags, however, before Dean made a move, a warm coat covered his shoulders. Castiel draped his trenchcoat around him and sent him a cute smile.
Sam still looked shocked "So, you're saying that this is Dean's true form? This is what he really looks like?"
Sam leaned forward "I think there's been a huge misunderstanding here, we only came because we heard you had a night fury, and since we've never seen one in real life before, we thought we could come and document it"
After hanging around for a bit longer, they resumed the path to the roadhouse. As predicted, the sun just about reached its peak when they arrived, although unfortunately, they arrived first so there was no one to prepare Ellen and Jo for what they were about to see. Dean tried to keep his steps quiet as to not alert them so Cas could go in and explain, but alas, the Harvelles were smarter than that. It was Jo who saw them first, as they approached they could see her staring at them wide-eyed through the window. Luckily it was a slow day and they didn't seem to have any customers to scare, unluckily, Dean couldn't talk and tell them it was him.
He contemplated for a moment before standing down. All of a sudden the large mound started to move, they both took a step back and glanced to make sure their friend and their prisoner were still there. Dean started to wake but soon realized that he wasn't in his own body, he quickly started to panic which caused him to try and stand up. He flailed his legs, now having four of them, he tried to get his bearings. After a bit, he got to his feet. He towered over his brother and friends standing at 17ft. His legs were long and bulky with sharp claws at the end of his paws. His body was hefty and strong but his head looked, unlike anything they had ever seen. It was not un-similar to that of a dragon, his snout was long and smooth, his eyes were sharp and threatening and spines ran all the way down his back. A thick tail rested on his behind and seemed to weigh a ton, and his ears pointing to the sky.
"You got startled and accidentally used your witchy powers, but where did you get them, huh? A Demon deal?"
Dean huffed and crossed his little squirrel arms over his chest. Castiel smiled slightly, as much as he really could at Deans' cute pout. Fluttering his little wings, he landed beside Dean and as always invaded his personal space, not that Dean minded in fact he was grateful for the warmth he provided and relaxed slightly. After a minute of that, Sam started to get slightly uncomfortable and thus broke the silence
Before anything could be said in retaliation, Sam stirred and looked in the direction Cas was. Upon seeing Dean, he jumped to his legs and glared at him huffing through his nose and stamping his front left hoof
The witch stared at him in shock at his insensitivity "We were having a party for my brother's birthday, no one heard them come in until-" she choked on her words "Until they started to take us out" The other three stayed silent.
"You have no idea what kind of trouble he get's into when I'm not looking." Everyone chuckled, except
He raised his head and glanced around for a moment. He shuffled over to the tree line, careful not to hit any of the cars, and laid down so he was just out of sight. This gave Cas some comfort, knowing that no one would be able to see him unless they knew he was there.
They stepped inside and saw it was empty save for them, Jo and Ash. Jo was cleaning the tables and typically, Ash was sleeping on one.
Blood coated the clothing and some distance around it "This is too much blood. The witch wouldn't be able to lose this much and survive" Sam spoke optimistically.
"It is great to see you all, but have Dean and Castiel arrived yet?" He said, mildly panicked over not seeing his gigantic brother on the way in.
Once they reached the Dome, they saw everyone as if for the first time. A pair of twins with a Zippleback, Astrid with a Deadly Nadder, the snot-man with a Monstrous Nightmare, The big guy with a Gronckle, and Hiccup with the legendary night fury. They landed gracefully and dismounted.
Sam walked right up to Gabriel and slowly stroked his neck in comfort "I know, but it was just a misunderstanding. they thought we were trying to hurt you" Gabriel looked offended "Exactly! That's what we thought too!" Soon they were laughing again
Dean pulled his arm up to shield his eyes from the rain and wind "Jeez Cas, think you could have teleported us somewhere dry?"
Dean nods, taking Castiels reins and leading them further into the woods. Eventually, they reach a decent spot and decide to rest for the night. They unpacked and set up a camp, they gathered some dead wood and piled it. Almost on instinct the dragons lit it and curled beside it, waiting for their humans to rest against them which took only a moment.
Dean looked confused, shook his head, and then sighed "Well, in any case, we don't exactly have a choice. You scale those stairs and we'll get the door open then we can all head to bobbies'"
They walked, and walked, and walked until they couldn't anymore. Castiel was the first to get tired since he was slipping between human and angel, his need for rest was greater than theirs. Once they realized that he was slowing down, Sam recommended that they rest. At first, he refused, but once Dean plonked himself on the floor the vote was unanimous.
Dean sighed "Yeah I figured he would be. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to fall asleep." the apology came quickly
"If you fight as well as you fly, I'm afraid you'll off yourself before the night fury even gets a chance"
They gathered together while she threw a bunch of herbs she grabbed from her hut, into a pot that she also got from her hut. After a while, ancient words started spilling from her mouth and everyone but Dean took a step back. He stood to his full height and stared right at her, ready for this all to be over.
Her sniffles and breathing calmed down as she stared at the moose that was nudging her feet gently. She shakily reached down and slowly touched his head, flinching back every now and then. When her hand was fully on the gigantic mooses head, she smiled and scratched it like you would a dog and in return, Sam pressed his head to her hand. Soon she was smiling and laughing through the quickly drying tear tracks that rested on her cheeks. Dean laughed at Sam which to the girl, sounded just like a squeak. She gasped and smiled widely removing her hand from the moose's head and picking up the squirrel with both hands, this startled all three of them and Cas made a startled noise of protest. the girl hugged Dean closely while the other two relaxed, realizing he was in no danger.
They were starting to panic over his sudden disappearance when all of a sudden he jumped from the trees and scared the shit out of Jody and Sam.
He looked down at his best friend and was immediately calmed from his unsettled state. He took a tentative step forward and bent all the way down to his level. He tried to speak but was met with growls and random noises, his distress must have been evident, as Cas placed a small hand on his snout.
"You snuck into our home! You falsely assumed that we would just let you stroll in and take what you want, well, news flash that's not how it works!"
They crouched behind some bushes and motioned for their dragons to hide. They waited, and waited, and then, Snap, they leaped from their hiding only to find
"Because they're crazy! They're some fucked up teens who think it's funny to make people miserable! They killed mom, dad, my brother, my two nieces, and nephews, they even killed my dog! Who the fuck does that!?" She was crying heavily.
Despite Castiels warning, Dean ventured off into the wood to find something more interesting to do. Once he put enough distance between himself and the others, he looked around to make sure he couldn't be seen. Finding the nearest tree, Dean trotted up to the base of it and looked up. He crouched and jumped. Dean used his little claws to grip into the bark, he shuffled his way up the tree, ecstatic that it was working. Once he was at the top, he clung to the braches and glanced down seeing the floor so far down, he began to wonder if it was a bad idea, testing out his new skills. But when he looked back up, the view was well worth it. He wondered if Cas saw this when he flew.
"You're actually buying this?" He came out from the shadows, he definitely tried really hard with that entrance
"No, it's ok. She won't hurt anyone else. Let's just get out of here, I wanna lay down on a real bed again."
The dragons waited patiently by the door, entertaining themselves quietly while Sam and Dean double-checked each other's bags. Once the boys were certain that everything needed was there, they walked their friends outside and began to mount. After around twenty minutes of flying, Dean started to get antsy
They started to head for the police station, where they knew Jody would be. Cas and Dean never let go of each other the whole way. 20 minutes later they stood, drenched, in front of their destination. They walked in without much regard to their appearance and unconsciously surveyed the area.
He managed to chuckle, even in his new form. Without warning the lighthearted and fun mood was ruined.
Their first meeting had not gone well, but that doesn't mean that they're just going to leave it be. Any allies both sides could get would be very helpful in the war against the dragon hunters. They would just have to figure out how to work together first.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him but looked anyway. He skimmed through most of the text with a Pokerface but soon drew a face of disbelief and shock
She put the deputy in charge and left the building with the Winchesters. They took her to a local motel where they could properly protect her, they would be on full alert for the next couple of days. Sam and Cas were researching the kinds of spells used while Dean was out entertaining their new guest. He took Jody with him to go and pick up dinner down the road, they had been gone a while but the others assumed they were just catching up. Not 5 minutes after he had the thought, Sam got a call from jody.
Behind them, Castiel could see the Winchesters being cornered by a frankly unfair amount of opponents. His heart hammered in his chest when they were knocked down, he frantically looked for his brother, spotting him being restrained the same way he was, but by a Deadly Nadder and a Monstrous Nightmare. Rage curled around his insides, and he decided that they could study the fury while it was dead. The human atop its back was talking but he refused to listen, he would not speak to anyone other than his humans.
"It has been seven hours, forty-three minutes, and three seconds since we left the bunker." he said looking at Dean fondly
They met each other and she looked so relieved to see him. But instead of greeting her, he turned his attention to the witch. She saw three livid gazes directed at her and started to sweat.
"You know, if Gabe was gonna turn you into an animal he could at least install a radio," Dean complained
Seeing his brother go down angered Gabriel even more, prompting him to shoot whatever was close enough. The blast of an Archangel is incredibly powerful, so powerful in fact that when it hit a tree, it exploded. The blast sent all three dragons in opposite directions, causing the riders to fall onto the floor while Gabriel and the other two dragons passe out.
He decided that the best option he had was to wait for an interrogation which came sooner than he expected.
He walked up to the door with as much dignity as he could, stared up at the handle, and jumped as high as he could, which was just short of his mark. He tried again but missed and then the third time he managed to grab the handle and gave a laugh in triumph. He attempted to pull down to open it, but it didn't budge and he tried again. Sam rolled his eyes and looked at Cas, gesturing to the door with his head. Getting the idea, waved his wing and the door clicked open. Dean laughed once again, dropping to the floor and looking at Sam
He blew air out of his nose and gestured to Cas and then his back "You wish for me to get on your back?"
Neither of them was going to believe he was truly gone until they saw a body. following the marks in the ground, they soon heard a voice.
Dean narrowed his eyes, feeling like he should remember something that bobby said about the routes, he guessed it was something to with which path was faster. He settled back down in his spot which he had been in for far too long and he was starting to regret the prank war he started.
Dean lifted his head from its place on the ground with renewed confidence. He first looked at Cas, who was beaming at him. Then he looked to his brother and mother figure for their response and got exactly what he was expecting, absolute shock. he chuckled at their ridiculous faces.
They were impressed before but now they were in disbelief. Castiel spoke up "I have been in heaven since the dawn of mankind and have never seen something like him before" He accused
Friday afternoons in the bunker were usually pretty quiet, as they have dedicated them to taking a break and unwinding since their lives are ridiculously hectic. However, This specific day was anything but relaxing.
He glanced at his options before lifting his leg to point one of his claws at a range rover that was sitting in the back. It was the only car there that had black paint, which would make it harder for people to spot them. Sam nodded and went to hotwire it without hesitation while Cas, Jody, Dean, and the witch waited by the road.
"you usually pick the cars we steal, you know the most about them so which one should we take" He stared up at his brother.
"Not that I'm not happy to see you, but why are you guys here? I'm hoping this is just a friendly visit" she smiled nervously Castiel cut in.
He looked at the woman he was threatening and gestured for Jody to keep an eye on her, they swapped positions and Sam rushed over to Cas to inspect the mound.
After a few minutes, he pulls himself together. He picks up the cloak next to him, breathes in the scent of Castiel as he wraps it around him for warmth (it really is damned cold) then rises to go find proper clothing.
Castiel arrives at the bunker late that afternoon. He enters the library, finding Sam hunched over his laptop.
Sam and Bobby look at each other and stop digging. Bobby grunts as he pulls himself out, with some less-than-flattering help from Sam. Sam pulls himself out next, and they both look across the ice of the lake to where the wolf trots towards them.
“I see that,” Cas says with a sly grin. He pumps his fist over Dean’s cock a couple more times, then leans down as if to take him in his mouth.
“Wait,” he says and grabs Dean’s sword and the rope from the pit. He ties it and hands it to Sam, who wraps it around his waist before he splays himself and begins to crawl on the ice towards the hole.
Cas is holding his wings in a curve to help hold heat around them, and he drapes his wings over both of the brothers’ shoulders as they play.
“I know you Dean, and something’s not right with you. And then there’s Castiel and this revenge mission of yours. Just tell me, because what I’m thinking right now is already pretty unbelievable.”
The captain turns to glare at the vocal soldier. Then he turns back, his displeased look replaced with a smirk.
Sam doesn’t notice as Dean’s expression tightens for a moment, instead he chews the bread and looks around the clearing. The charcoal burner’s body is no longer where it had fallen.
Dean lays there, letting himself be held, just tired enough to not care anymore about appearances. He wonders, then, what the point of his old pretense was, because this...this is wonderful.
“Just go,” Dean grits out. “I’ll be fine. It’s just a flesh wound, my chainmail took most of it. Go, Sam.”
“You were at the charcoal burner’s yesterday, you’re here today. And you aren’t exactly traveling with us. So unless you are suggesting we’re following
“Nice,” Sam says, finding a thermostat on the wall and turning it on. “Looks like we’ve got heat as well as the fireplace. We should see if we can find logs, just in case.”
“He’s fine,” Sam says. He doesn’t think it would help if he mentioned Dean’s own wound. “He fought well.” Sam hesitates. “You don’t remember anything?”
It’s an unsettling thought. He might die, killed by the guards, or killed by Michael. Leaving Cas to suffer the remnants of their curse alone.
Dean nods. He opens his mouth to say something, but the sound of hoofbeats stops him. He turns, and the brothers see the riders approach; troops bearing the standard of Aquila. All of them are fully armed, two bearing crossbows. Sam’s stomach sinks.
“Cas is...he’s a friend.” Dean turns his head back towards the road as he says this, and Sam doesn’t miss the hesitation. More oddness. “We both had units in Michael’s army. Fought together.”
Dean wraps himself in blankets as Cas wraps himself around Sam. To Dean’s surprise, it isn’t hard to fall asleep.
“I hope that was okay,” Sam says, when it’s clear that Dean isn’t in the room. He doesn’t say what, though, just in case, and keeps his voice low.
Castiel is trying, desperately, to grab hold of the thrashing wolf. He’s managing to keep its head above water, but only just barely. Another minute, one wrong thrash and the wolf will sink.
“Good news, giant,” the guard says from the cell door. “You’re to be executed today. And you’re first on the list, lucky you.”
“Oh shut up,” Dean says, annoyed. His expression changes, becoming guarded. “So. You know then.” Sam nods. “Bobby told you?”
“Almost there,” he tells the hawk. The bird makes a shrill chirp, as it’s been doing every time it gets jostled.
It’s just those two and three crossbow men left from the camp. Two of the archers are taking turns aiming, not for Dean but Sam now. The third crossbowman is still attempting to ward off the sharp beak and talons of the bird, crossbow forgotten at his feet.
Cas slowly lets his wings tighten around Dean. He tries to exude calm and patience. By slow increments, Dean does eventually relax before finally falling asleep.
Cas likes holding Sam, and closes his eyes as he lays curled around the hunter. He breathes in the scent of Sam’s hair, which still retains a few traces of the shampoo the hunter favors. Castiel likes it. He resists the urge to bury his face in his hair, not wanting to disturb him. He does give in to another impulse though, letting his lips brush ever so lightly against the back of Sam’s neck. Sam sighs in his sleep and tightens his hold on Cas’s arms.
About 15 minutes later, Dean had nearly wrecked the Impala when a sudden blizzard had appeared over them out of nowhere. They had crawled for a mile or so in the Impala, until Sam had spotted a driveway. Dean had parked the Impala as far into it as he could, but several feet of snow had prevented him from getting all the way to the cabin they could just see through the trees.
Sam rolls his eyes. "Even betas have a sense of smell, and I've lived with you for most of my life. It's be weird if I didn't know your scent, and trust me, it's changed. And it's way stronger than it should be for someone who is null."
Sam sits down on a chair placed against the wall and looks at the man across from him with new eyes.
Cas takes a bedroll, tying it so it rests against his back, and has Dean grab food supplies, then leads him up a hidden deer trail that goes up and around. At one point they have to climb up and over a series of small ledges.
“I was referring to my vessel,” Castiel clarifies, though he’s not sure if it's necessary to say so. This conversation has taken a very odd turn.
Castiel sits between the brothers and lets his wings curl around both. It's not a full embrace, but lets the edges of the singed feathers draw heat towards the three of them.
They lie together for a while, and Cas has his wing up to give them the illusion of privacy from Sam, which Dean is grateful for. He and Cas don’t kiss again, just lie together until Sam coughs loudly and asks Dean if he wants breakfast. And he does, so he gets up.
They kiss again, which leads to other things. And eventually (after the purchase of lube and condoms) they do try both ways.
Sam stares after him, turns to look through the gap in the barn wall and watches as the man, insanely, walks towards the wolf.
Dean mounts the horse. Sam watches as the hawk circles above them, then follows as Dean leads the way in the opposite direction from the guards, farther away from Aquila.
Castiel allows himself a smirk. “No. Because they will.” He steps back, lowering his blade but remaining ready. “You had best go before they wonder where I am.”
“What?” Cas mutters into his shoulder. Oh God, Dean thinks biting back a laugh. He literally has an angel on his shoulder right now. It's hilarious but he doesn't want to startle Cas away.
Dean makes another noise at that. He’s panicking a little, because imagining that sends warmth that is not from the fire at all coursing through him, and the last thing he needs is to wake up with an awkward boner in these close quarters. Cas doesn't sleep, it could even happen in Dean's sleep, how embarrassing would that be...
“You’ve been drinking too much again. You’ve said that a dozen times, and it’s never true.” He starts to turn away. “No more of your false hopes, old man. Save them for someone more gullible.”
Dean lets him, still memorizing the shape and feel of Cas’s face. Then he cups the back of Cas’s neck and pulls him into a slow kiss.
Dean laughs. “Buddy, this is more than okay.” He kisses Cas softly. “I've thought about doing this a lot,” he says softly, not sure that Cas can hear him, but of course he can.
“Thank you?” He tilts his head, studying Sam. “What’s wrong?” he asks, then understanding dawns, but Dean comes out at that point and they don’t get a chance to talk until just before bed.
All of this wanting poured into this kiss. Castiel takes and takes, as much as Dean is willing to give, consuming lips and tongue. Dean’s hand stutters in shock, but he kisses back, answering the angel’s own passion. Dean’s free hand guides one of Castiel’s to join his in circling their cocks.
Sam can’t deny disappointment as he wraps himself in the two blankets, but he accepts it easily enough. There will be other nights.
“You were engaged, right? The girl who died. If she had been killed by someone and you knew who had done it, what would you have done?”
“I’ll have to take your word on that.” He pauses a moment, then asks, “How is Dean? There was a fight, wasn’t there? Is he-”
“My parents died a few years after I took my commission. And I was never on particularly good terms with my siblings. I’m sure they all think I'm dead.”
He looks back once, to see Dean standing where he’d left him, a silhouette against the late afternoon sun, watching them go.
Then, when he runs out of Sam’s works, he clicks the relationship tag "Castiel/Dean Winchester” and begins to read through those as well.
“Yes, we talked a bit.” Sam decides not to mention getting bested by the man. “He says hello, by the way.”
They find a clearing to set up in. Castiel sees to the horses, and Sam finds wood enough to get a fire started. He goes to get a few more sticks from the surrounding area and returns, setting his bounty to the side and joins Castiel in crouching by the fire.
Sam gives him the oddest look, then glances at Castiel, before with an odder smile he shrugs and turns away. “Your loss.”
It’s Sam’s turn to scoff, but as Dean clearly can, he says nothing. Realizing he hasn’t mentioned it yet, Sam adds, “There was a man as well.”
Cas comes in for a kiss and this time it’s not slow but passionate, open-mouthed and wet, tongues invading each other’s mouth. When it breaks this time, Dean takes over, kissing and tasting everything he can reach on Cas, mouthing along his stubbled jaw, his neck, his collarbone. Cas groans against him, his hands tight on Dean.
“Sound the alarm, then search every room, every nook and cranny. Find him! Or I’ll hang you in his place!”
Every touch they share as they pass the food back and lay out the bedroll to sit on is heated, and lingering. Anticipation builds in them, buzzing under their skin.
“Near a decade without seeing you, nearly six months without seeing him, and you show up now?” Bobby says. “Dunno if that’s a good omen or a bad one.”
Dean dreams in the night. Castiel is tempted to visit him there, contenting himself instead with listening to Dean’s indistinct muttering. Dean twitches, and his breath huffs out. Whatever the dreams are about, they seem to disturb him. Castiel rubs his thumb over Dean’s arms where he holds him, wanting to soothe the hunter.
The fire had gone out during the night, and Castiel hadn’t wanted to leave the boys exposed while he rekindled it, so the first order of the day is getting it going again. The boys do keep moving to keep themselves warm, and Sam does start to just run lightly around the room until Dean complains about the noise and about getting dizzy watching him.
Bobby fetches a small pouch and tosses it to Castiel.  "Tell him yourself. That was sitting in my spare room."
Cas opens the pouch and reaches in, pulling out a piece of paper. He tilts it towards the torch and finds the letter he'd begun the previous night. He nods, and finds ink and quill in there as well, and sits down to pen the rest of the letter.
They are quiet for a moment together, both contemplating the odd turn of events. Sam is the one who finally speaks. “We should...probably talk about this.”
“I’m Sam,” Sam says, as if that will help or mean anything to this mysterious man. “Who the hell are you?”
Given a choice, the sewer drains underneath the fortress of Aquila are a destination Sam would just as soon as not cross off his to-see travel list. but when the other choice is “get caught by angry guards and taken to be executed”, he supposes things could be worse. If less fragrant.
In the dark of the woods, Castiel creeps, his dagger out, his footsteps as silent as the autumn debris will allow. He tracks Ishim, following the signs left by the wolf-hunter.
Ishim sees his danger. He struggles harder and manages to get free of Sam, but he’s too late, and Castiel's dagger pierces his heart. The hunter stares at the blade then slumps and falls to the ground as Castiel yanks the dagger back out.
Cas comes in a few minutes later with several damp logs in his arms. His dark hair is plastered with snow, and as he sets the logs down by the fireplace, he turns to help the two brothers get the door closed one more time.
“Castiel,” Ishim drawls. “Fancy seeing you again, and so soon.” He nods to his prize, as he forces the trap open, releasing the leg. “A fine prize, don’t you agree?”
Sam gives Dean one of his patented bitchfaces, but refrains from saying a single word, tossing the blankets on the bed.
Sam grabs Dean's wrist instead and fricking sniffs him. Dean jerks back immediately. The water in the glass sloshes and falls to the floor.
“God, you’re beautiful like this,” Dean says, running a hand through Cas’s hair. Cas’s eyes close slightly and he starts to go down again, but Dean grips tighter and tugs him upward. “But if you do that, I’m not going to last at all.”
“I’m leaving as soon as I finish breakfast. Up to you whether you stay or not, but Zachariah won’t be cowed long. The second he reports to Michael that he’s seen me-” Dean stops and shakes his head. “He’ll be back, and better prepared. We both need to keep moving.”
Dean jerks his head and stares at Sam for a moment,. Something passes between them, and then he too nods.
Cas pulls back once more, moving to kiss Dean just below the ear. “I love you, Dean Winchester,” the angel says, kissing his way down the hunter's throat and back up.
“It’s fine,” Sam says. “No offense or anything, but I need a little more than ‘I know Dean’ to actually trust that you are, well, trustworthy.”
The captain swerves out of the way. The friendly guard side-steps his horse to avoid Zachariah’s, straight into the path of the arrow meant for Dean. He falls, and his horse startles and runs into the nearby field.
“A few days after they were cursed, Dean showed up at my door, a hawk on his arm, and begged me for help. You can imagine my surprise, when just before sunset he bolted out the door, and I saw him transform into a wolf, turned to find the hawk had become a man.” Bobby shakes his head. “In all my days I had never heard of such a thing.”
“Or one of you can take the other blankets and I will wrap the other in my wings,” Cas suggests, when Dean fails to properly respond in time.
Sam chimes in from time to time with his knowledge, filling in holes that Castiel lacks or mentioning stories that Castiel has not heard of. Dean chimes in with jokes and comments, and at one point has an entire tangent about tauntauns and Star Wars that leaves Sam laughing and calling his brother nerd while Castiel merely huffs quietly and smiles fondly at the enthusiasm.
