“Hormonal sex-crazed assholes?”
“Cassie! Dean-o!” Gabriel called from the entrance as he sauntered into the Mess, pulling Dean out of his musings and his nearly empty plate. His entrance had drawn the attention of the rest of the room as well, and their eyes moved back and forth between Dean’s Pack and Gabriel Novak. Dean scowled. This could go very badly.
“Dean Winchester.”
“It’s an interesting question. Would your accelerated metabolism and healing abilities dissolve the Therianterine fast enough to keep you from dying?” Bevell wondered aloud. She stuck Novak with the last of the needles and marked it off on her chart.
“Dean is my Packmaster,” Cas said evenly.
“They’re just fucking jealous, Brother!” Benny said as he lay down on the make-shift bench press Dean had created out of a set of Humvee tires.
Dean looked over at his father who was scowling at him from behind the bars. The man wasn’t used to being ignored, rank or no rank.
“I, uh…Don’t worry about it...and it’s Dean. Right. Let’s go.” Dean fumbled awkwardly, not sure how to deal with Garth’s obvious crush now that he knew the Beta’s name and was reminded of everything these two guards had witnessed since he and Cas arrived.
As embarrassing as it had been for Ash to join them in the alcove, half-naked and post-coitus, it wasn’t half as bad as being lead out into the other room reeking of sex and desire, his erection tenting his pants, and being hooked up to an IV with the rest of his Pack watching. Ice was not easy to come by in caves in the middle of nowhere but they did have some, which was immediately put to use trying to reduce his fever.
“Got it,” Sam said and turned around and went back into the house. Maybe they should have left last night after all.
Lucifer was getting away.
from an entire pack? I call bullshit!”
“What about the civilians? Over.” Dean pressed.
Dean whined as he paced back and forth in front of the gathered wolves, their eyes following him in his path. Where was Charlie? He had called her, hadn’t he? She needed to come when he called! He was Packmaster! Unless she couldn’t come...in which case why didn’t she call back? Dean felt for his bond with Charlie in his mind. It was as strong as ever. She was alive, that was for sure. Dean tipped back his head and howled again, calling for her. This time all of the other wolves howled with him.
“What now?” Dean sputtered.
“Of course he is.” Lucifer said, finally shaking his head. “Honestly Castiel, I didn’t think you’d take my message of building a free Were society that far. You’re an Alpha, and a Novak.” he continued said slowly, as if explaining something to a small child. “There is a natural order of things.”
“I’ll take the first watch,” Dean said absently, his entire focus on the man behind the bars. “Go get something to eat.”
“I’ve had enough lies to last me a lifetime. Hit me.”
Dean was grateful he hadn’t drawn attention to the fact that he was packing, and that there were more weapons in the backpack he now held at his side.They wouldn’t be enough. Sure they could take out what, four, or five if they were lucky before they were completely overwhelmed.
“I was saddened to hear your father speak of you in that manner.”
“They—” Castiel’s eyes flashed gold as the scent of Dean’s arousal hit him. “Dean.” Castiel moaned softly and closed his eyes, breathing deeply. The wave of Alpha arousal that came back across the cave was so heady that it was all he could do to sit still. At this rate, Dean would be scent drunk again in no time at all.
“I should have known you’d be at the heart of this mess, Winchester,” Ketch said conversationally, as if he wasn’t being driven into the hands of the enemy who sat just outside of firing range. “I thought Novak’d have more sense, but here we are. Nothing you dogs do should surprise me at this point.”
“Well, fucking the gardener is one thing, but legitimizing the resulting bastard? Wow, what a power move. I mean Dad had barely looked at any of his other kids for years and years and then suddenly you come along and he makes you an actual threat! It was a shock, I tell you! We hated you! Well, that is until Naomi started putting more of her energy into making your life hell instead of ours, then we warmed up to you a bunch! Now you’re just cute baby Cassie.” Gabriel grinned.
Dean split his focus between the path ahead of them and checking on everyone as they progressed. John seemed to be coming in and out now, actually making eye contact with him once before his gaze drifted down and away again. Dean wasn’t entirely sure John even knew that his son was carrying him, let alone where he was. Garth and Jo were increasingly looking towards Dean, and he got the feeling he’d have two more Pack members before the battle was over. He certainly wouldn’t have called that one when they had introduced themselves via assault rifles that first day. Had that only been a week ago? Fuck.
<Aid station.>Dean signed back. Cas nodded and led the way out of the barracks Dean had lived in, no, had existed in, for the past four years. Dean didn’t even look back.
“Sam, you know that whoever you mate with will be part of our Pack, no matter what,” Dean said, trying to lessen the blow.
When Dean finally woke up it was into the eyes of his Mate, looking tired but happy to see him.
A moment later he came up behind his group who all seemed unharmed. Dean was dizzy with relief.
Thank you so much for reading Dog Tags!
“Son of a bitch.” The Novaks were amassing power. But why? And where did WO Novak fit in? He had to ask. “And Castiel?”
“Yes, that—the one that kept us scentless. It was a sterilizer.” Dean tried to shrug as if it hadn’t been the most devastating news he’d received in years. It may have even beaten out John betraying them to the military. But it didn’t quite touch him abandoning them when he found out about their species, or when their mother…But…Dean took a deep breath.
His reprieve was short-lived as someone timidly knocked on their door. Dean was up, ready to fight a second later. He wrenched open the door, a snarl on his face.
“Bullshit,” John swore.
Dean placed his forehead against Jo’s momentarily, her scent shifting only slightly, to become Bourbon-And-Bubblegum-Over-Leather instead. “Welcome to the Pack,” he said softly before straightening up again and addressing everyone there. “Let’s keep moving before anyone catches up. I think we’re almost there.”
Dean nodded and followed the other Were back out towards the dubious safety of the men.
“Apologies, Charlie,” Cas said after he had swallowed the food in his mouth. “Just double-checking. I feel fine. The same, rather. Dean?”
“Oh,” Dean said as Cas gently washed his torso with care and affection, his hands running over his skin after the sponge.
Castiel’s face hardened at that. “Your experience hasn’t been mine, that’s all. Rudeness is unnecessary.”
on his shoulders. The man walked proudly, even though he had traded his own sons for that badge; sent Dean to this hell hole to rot for that badge, tried and failed to send Sammy here to die for that badge. Dean clenched his fists and did his best not to growl or show his teeth. This man, this human, this traitor to his Pack, was going to be Dean’s Commanding Officer.
“You are smart, courageous and beautiful‚ and, god, you smell incredible!” Castiel said with wonder, stretching out on the other side of the cave, his long legs nearly reaching the centre. “Leather and Whiskey. And,” he grinned, “oven-fresh Cinnamon Apple Pie.”
“You’re it for me, Cas...” Dean murmured, unsure of how to start the conversation.
“Don’t think you’re getting out of this, Warrant Officer Novak,” Bela said crossly. “Take a seat on this bed.”
“Ah yes, Winchester the younger. Yes, we have contacted him, but no, he isn’t safe. When you went missing, they put him under twenty-four-hour surveillance. We have approached him regardless, but he didn’t trust us and therefore we were unable to extract him.”
Both Dean and Castiel growled at the insinuation. Gabriel raised his hands in defence. “Look we all know the deal right, so let’s save the threatening of your lives, and the lives of your family and packs out of the conversation shall we?”
“I have—but Cassie—Castiel,” Gabriel amended, his posture curled in and upset, “I didn’t do it because of them! I…I did it because I wanted to be free!”
“Didn’t see anything today, did you, Sam?”
“Sort of. I mean I’ve really only been to four places so far, the lab, the Mess, the prison and our den,” Charlie said as she stopped between two paths. She inclined her head at the female guard who kind of smelled familiar. “Which way’s the Mess again?”
“Yeah yeah, Winchester, whatever helps you sleep at night,” Charlie snarked, playfully pushing at them. “Without me watching your backs, you both would have been pink mist a dozen times over.”
“I don’t even know why I’m so upset,” Dean rambled, “I never thought that was in the cards for me at all. Stupid fucking military. But to be suddenly told that…To be told…I couldn’t even if I wanted to? It’s just…”
“Did you bring me new friends to play with, Gabriel?” the stranger asked, his voice causing all of the hairs on Dean’s body to stand on end.
Cas swore and let Gabriel go, pushing him back and away. The soldiers did not catch him and he stumbled slightly before he gained his feet. Dean’s mind spun and stomach dropped. He felt like he was going to be sick again. Lucifer’s cure wasn’t one for the Therianterine. It wasn’t a cure for sterilization, it wasn’t even a drug to help their species, it was one meant to exterminate another. And he had helped.
“I don’t think 'little' is the word I would have gone with,” Ash laughed as he came up to greet them, shaking Sam’s hand.
“Asshole,” Charlie responded fondly before digging into her plate of meat. “Stand on the table and sing ‘I’m a little teapot’ at full volume using all associated hand movements.”
“There’s a secret exit that the military won’t be watching,” Bela affirmed. “I know where it is.” She didn’t look surprised when Cas didn’t hand her a weapon, but then again, she was carrying more important equipment.
“Cas?” he croaked, and immediately a glass of water with a straw was held to his lips.
“Zepp?” Charlie growled.
Dean looked over and locked eyes with the other Were. Those eyes were warm, sincere. It didn’t mean as much coming from a non-Pack member, but it made Dean feel better anyway. After all, he’d been the one to decide to send Novak with Charlie initially instead of keeping the other Were within his sights. He might not have been Pack, but at his point, Dean had to concede that Novak wasn’t the enemy either. Dean nodded in acknowledgement and then Novak headed off after Charlie.
Dean wiped his eyes and ran a soothing hand down her back. He found his brother’s eyes over her shoulder.
“Me too, Red.” Dean opened his arms and Charlie immediately threw herself into him, awkward as it was with him still in bed with Cas wrapped around him. After a moment she pulled back with a watery smile.
The Pack smelled the soldiers before they saw them burst into the hanger, and tensed for another battle. To Dean’s surprise, the group was led by Hendrickson, who apparently hadn’t died during Lucifer’s attack. Hendrickson held up a hand to stop the soldiers from shooting, and Dean was suddenly grateful for his continued survival.
“We want to be thorough,” Ash said trying to cut in and failing as Dean’s Pack didn’t even glance at him.
“About the same,” Novak responded as Dean sat back down beside him. Dean nodded. There was no reason to beat around the bush.
Dean lost himself in that smile and the piercing blue eyes that went with it. Everything melted away as it had the first day they met, as, he begrudgingly acknowledged, it had always done, every time their eyes had connected since. Suddenly Dean very much wanted to kiss him.
Dean sighed and got up to grab the clothes, throwing a pair of pants and shirt in Novak’s direction while pulling on a matching set of his own. He tucked his and Benny’s dog tags underneath the shirt, relieved that his captors had let him keep them. The metal lay reassuringly against his skin and allowed him to breathe. It was a relief to his senses that the clothing had been laundered and delivered by a nearly scentless Beta. He didn’t think he would be able to stand being covered in anyone else’s scent right now.
“Cassie,” Gabriel whimpered, his eyes wide.
“Yes?” Gabriel paused.
Cas’s moan reverberated through Dean’s body and Dean barely had the wherewithal to move the cup in place before he was spilling into it. Cas stayed where he was as Dean milked the last drops of come into the cup before closing the lid. He breathed deeply. He wasn’t sated. Something was wrong. Fuck. “Cas?”
“There are no civilians here. Only a dangerous pack of dog terrorists. Over.” Ketch drawled.
There were a lot of things that Sam was expecting when the plane landed in the wilderness and they were picked up by a Humvee. Arriving at a sprawling cave system filled with more Weres than he had seen in his entire life wasn’t on the list.
Dean, Benny and Charlie sat down at a table in the Mess, their trays clattering on the hard surface.
Cas sat up, and rubbed his hands over Dean’s arms, trying to soothe him.
“What was that, John?” Cas said calmly tapping his rifle on the side of John’s head “I didn’t quite catch that.” It was a blatant lie. The Weres in the car could have picked up a whisper from outside a vehicle in motion let alone a person muttering in the front seat.
“Join the Military. Use your gifts for your country. Be an American Hero.”
“Don’t think I did, Charlie. You Eileen?”
“The scent blocker will wear off eventually,” Dean said and Sam nodded and smiled, looking down at the woman in his arms.
Cas’s response was cut short by Gabriel’s boisterous presence interrupting.
“Don’t worry about it,” Cas said gently and pressed his forehead to Dean’s.
“Okay then,” Cas said simply and let it go.
“Marine! Your name.”
Bevell came over, three syringes in hand. She barely looked up at Dean as she swabbed his shoulder with an alcohol wipe. A moment later, without warning, she’d pushed the needle into Dean’s skin and pushed the plunger down. Dean always imagined he could feel his system being invaded by the drug that kept him scentless, but realistically, it wasn’t that all that much. Just 3cc of the stuff once a month, every month as dictated by the US Military for all enlisted Weres. Dean rolled down his sleeve as the CMO turned to Charlie.
Dean looked around, but he couldn’t see Cas despite the fact that his scent was strong, clear and present. Lucifer had managed to initially distract Dean from his target, but as his Pack traded verbal barbs with the psychopath, Dean’s mind refocused on this original purpose. Get Cas and Charlie, and get out.
“And don’t lose any sleep worrying about me neither, Zepp,” Benny said pointing a finger at him.
Dean turned to see Castiel standing in the middle of the cave, his fists clenched, his teeth bared and his eyes blazing gold.
“Oh, hey! You’re here. Great,” An unusual-looking Omega came up to them still mostly focused on the notes in his hands. His lab coat seemed to be missing its arms, and while he was wearing fatigues and combat boots under the coat, his mullet suggested that it had been a long time since he’d been in the military. What was really interesting was that he smelled like an overheating computer hooked up in a dive bar, complete with beer and peanuts. The lingering smell of marijuana was also prominent, but Dean quickly decided it had nothing to do with the man’s scent. He seemed completely out of place in these surroundings. The man looked up quickly and grinned, pointing to a couple of beds before going back to his notes. “Go sit down, yeah?”
“I expect so,” she sniffed. “Paid in full, with a bonus.”
For months he’d played it safe and kept under the radar. Kept acquaintances instead of friends, smiled often but said very little. He’d gotten Sam safely squirrelled away at university, and held down his job at the garage with neither fanfare nor complaint, hiding under the chassis of cars.  But every day he waited.
Dean reached out and grabbed him, hauling the Angel into his arms.
“I couldn’t guarantee that the military cared enough to send her his things or at least this part. So I’m going to hang on to it until I can get it back to her.”
Dean grinned. “You’re not wrong. But that’s the same wherever we go now.”
“No!” Gabriel snarled, and squared his shoulders, his eyes flashing gold in response to his brother’s display, “I’m free from being forcefully mated and bred to produce more Novaks!”
Dean felt his face heat even further while Charlie chuckled beside him. “Er...thanks for all of your um, help, before.”
Dean had to hand it to Lucifer’s people, if there was one thing they were good at, it was feeding an army, literal or otherwise. It didn’t take Dean, Cas and Charlie very long to find the dining area, the smell of cooked meat already permeating the air when they stepped back into the main cavern. The Mess here was bigger than the one at the base had been, dozens upon dozens of tables, with food laid out around the edge of the space. There was beef and ham and venison, all cut into tiny bite-sized cubes. Dean grabbed helpings of all three, Cas and Charlie doing the same before finding a more secluded spot to sit. Dean sat with his back to the wall, a position matched by Cas who immediately began watching other people instead of eating. Charlie sat across from them, backpack at her feet, her posture more relaxed. Dean’s stomach growled and he dug into his food with a fork. The meat smelled so good that his mouth watered. A familiar touch on his arm stopped the fork inches from his face. Dean raised his eyebrow at Cas, locking eyes with him.
Hendrickson signed for a medic and two men rushed over to help John. He didn’t acknowledge them.
“Really? You have a code word set-up specifically for this situation?” Gabriel asked, his eyebrow raised.
“Ketch is just stupid. Hitched a ride when he didn’t have to,” Dean replied, trying to match Cas’s even, unbothered tone while he counted the wolves and their odds in his head. He wasn’t nearly as effective as moderating his tone as Cas was, especially with Lucifer’s foul scent in his face.
Dean didn’t reply.
“No,” Dean grinned, “good try, Red.”
“Fuck,” Dean swore and looked back at Cas. He cupped his Mate’s face and pulled him into a passionate kiss. Cas clung to him as Dean poured all of his love and frustration into it, only pulling away when breathing became an issue.
Charlie nodded in satisfaction before she turned back to Dean. “And take a fucking shower, you heathen. I could smell you from the corridor.”
Many mostly tedious but also somewhat anxious hours later, Gadreel’s head suddenly pushed through the hole in the wall once more, hanging there as if disembodied.
Novak scowled at him before turning back to the bars. “Gabriel? Why are you here? What is going on?” Novak demanded, ignoring Dean’s commentary.
“But—”
He didn’t know how many times he came in the time that followed, or how much time had passed but slowly, surely, his skin stopped stinging, his body stopped screaming, and the need to be filled slowly dripped away. As his mind started to clear he heard Cas whispering to him, telling him that everything was going to be okay, that he would be fine, and that the Pack was safe.
“You would seek permission from your Alpha brother?” Lucifer barked out a laugh before sneering, “Are you not Packmaster,
A heartbeat more and Henrickson sighed and lowered his weapon, gesturing for the men to lower theirs as well. “Yes. Yes there has.” The men hesitated for a moment before they too lowered the guns.
“Naomi is Michael, Lucifer and Dumah’s mother, and father’s wife. She’s a power-hungry manipulative bitch,” Cas explained.
“They’re with Lucifer,” Lilith called out airily. “You should really come with me now.”
“Yes.” She gestured to the bag she was carrying. “We should bring Sam and Dean Winchester as well as Castiel.”
“Ever?” Cas whispered.
Charlie briefly looked back at them before she too took off after Sam into the wilderness.
“Dean—” Cas managed before Dean cut him off with another kiss.
Garth sputtered and went silent. Dean shook his head and shrugged, patting the Beta comfortingly on the shoulder. Garth looked over to Dean in gratitude, and just like that, Dean felt him click over to the Pack.
Dean placed Benny’s dog tag in her hand and wrapped her fingers around it. “I’m sorry my best wasn’t enough to keep him safe.”
As quickly as the fight had risen in him, the truth and sincerity in Castiel’s gaze peeled it all away. Dean nodded his thanks and looked away. “I know it wasn’t your choice to come here, but Benny was family, was Pack for three years.” Dean sat down on his bunk before continuing, his eyes dropped to his hands.  “And the fact that they just up and...as if he could be so easily replaced…and….” Dean could not stop the growl from escaping, his hands tightening into fists again.
Gabriel shrugged. “My bad baby bro, I didn’t do a good enough job convincing you that everything here was for the greater good.”
Dean nodded and waited patiently for Ash to clean his arm with an alcohol swab so that he could safely draw blood.
Charlie backed away quickly, shaking her head in denial.
Dinner was a riot of the sounds of laughter and joy. Love seemed to fill the room full to bursting. It washed over Dean in waves but never seemed to reach him or to warm him up. He hadn’t even let Jody take his jacket when they’d come into the house. He hadn’t taken it off since… It was the only thing he had left.
“Er…about that. Do you want to explain project Morningstar, or should I?” Charlie asked Ash pointedly.
Lucifer’s head snapped up to stare at them while Gabriel rolled his eyes.
“Lucifer isn’t my Packmaster,” she replied simply. “He saved my life and set me free. I stay because I believe in his vision.”
“You’re not half the man Dean is. He is an Omega Packmaster—an accomplishment you can’t even comprehend. And if you would just open your eyes for one moment you’d realize how much you owe him, and how much more you will owe him once this is all over. How lucky he is to have found his True Mate—the love of his life—despite the impossible situation you left him in, and how I have survived because of his sacrifice.”
“We go to the rendezvous point, and we wait for Charlie and Cas. If they don’t show up then we follow Lilith. But I will not miss our window or put your lives at risk just because Lilith thinks we should,” Dean decided, and everyone nodded at him, the guards looking surprised but happy to hear it.
“Yes. We’ve been over this,” Lucifer said with a put upon sigh. “We want to do tests on Weres who have been subjected to the Therianterine shot over time. And you, Dean, have been on them longer than anyone else we have crossed paths with.”
“I…I felt it when the bond broke…when he died…He’s gone.” Dean felt his hands begin to shake as he finally looked up at Charlie, tears rolling down his face. He took a stilted breath and pushed himself to his feet, unsteady. They didn’t have time to waste if they were to save anyone else. He didn’t have time to give in to this pain. Not now. Maybe not ever. The despair was so thick he could drown. Dean rubbed his hands across his face roughly and looked back towards the top of the hill. “Let's go kill these motherfuckers, Red.”
They sat in silence for hours. All he wanted to do was curl up and go to sleep, but he knew the moment he shifted back into his wolf form, he’d seek out the other wolf’s warmth and safety, so he stubbornly sat upright, crossed his arms, remained human, and awake.
“Fuck!” Dean swore as Cas’s hands finally wandered to where he wanted them most, gently pushing Dean’s hand away from his cock to replace it with his own. His hand moved confidently, dragging the moans from Dean’s mouth as Cas covered his face in kisses. Then Cas’s erection was grinding against his own in the heat of Cas’s hand. It was beyond anything he’d felt before.
Before it could devolve into an all-out three-way brawl their CO came into the workout yard.
“It’s nice to meet you, Sam, although I wish it had been under different circumstances,” Cas said.
Didn't expect to see from Sam's POV did you? :P
they established they wouldn’t need both of their hands to fight, or shift, on this ‘tour’.
“Yeah yeah, you’re going to set us free,” Dean snarked, but he smiled at his little brother. Were Rights Activist indeed. It was a wonder the military still put up with him. Or, more likely, they figured they could keep better control of his activities if they kept him close. Either way, hiring Sam made good business sense for the world’s largest employer of Weres.
rather him not know about.” Dean barked a laugh. “Seems like there’s one subject we agree on at least.”
Or...or, maybe just this once, Dean could step back, just walk out of the cell area, his Pack safe and secure, leaving Alistair with nothing but John and his dick in his hands. But then he’d be sacrificing his father to this monster. In front of Sam, no less. And he couldn’t do that either. John might deserve to die, but not like this. And not because of a choice Dean had made. There had to be another way to save everyone. Dean had to do something. Anything.
“Oh? Why Castiel?” Lucifer responded at the same time Dean replied, “Over my dead body, bitch!”
“What?” Castiel’s eyes went wide.
Sam nodded gratefully and took it. He bit into the bar and made a face, but chewed and swallowed it just the same. “That’s nasty.”
“But?” Cas asked gently, adjusting so that they could look at each other easier.
“Talk with John. We will be just down the corridor, out of sight.” Cas looked down at their clasped hands briefly before looking back up into Dean’s eyes. It was a concession, to give Dean the space he needed to speak with his father with the illusion of privacy. Dean wasn’t sure how Cas had known that was what he wanted, but he felt a rush of affection for his Mate all the same.
Dean glanced at Castiel, and Castiel looked back, his lips pressed together in a thin line of worry. Castiel brushed his hand against Dean’s again. There would be no escaping this place. No fight they could win.
Dean shifted and sank his own teeth into the nearest attacker, who whined and yelped in pain. Dean was relentless, crushing bones as his jaw snapped closed, just as he felt his own bones snapping under the pressure of other teeth. Then Sam’s sandy fur leapt into the fray beside him and his right side was covered. He had no time to search for the others before he was fighting off two more hostile wolves on the other side. Blood was dripping down into his eyes, obscuring his view momentarily. He absently thought he must have torn an ear before he ripped out the throat of another attacker. Then more and more of his new Pack took up the spaces around him and started pushing back the other wolves. Dean felt a rush of gratitude for them, not only for standing and fighting by his side but also for existing, for being part of his Pack. The wind whipped up around them as the Blackhawk’s blades started to spin.
He made eye contact with Benny, who scowled but nodded at him.
Finally, Sam looked up at him with a bright smile that Dean hadn’t seen in far too long.
Cas growled and squeezed Dean’s hand. “Thank you for freeing us from the shots.”
“They’re not mine,” Dean said truthfully, and felt Cas squeeze his hand. “But they aren’t Lucifer's either. Not really. They were as much Lucifer’s hostages as we were, their bars were just inside their own minds. It would be a kindness to let them go.”
“It’s okay to be upset about us, one hurt does not take away from another,” Cas soothed, running his hands up and down Dean’s back.
The drive was a quiet one.
Cas quirked an eyebrow at him while Sam and Eileen just looked confused. Dean and Charlie stepped out of the circle and started stripping.
“Either that or he’ll use me as bait.” Dean made a face of disgust. “He knows everything he needs to. The enemy has at least one Were. The rest is just Pack politics he’d rather not know about and, frankly,
Bargain it was. Not the choice Dean would have bet on.
“Present, Ma’am.” Novak’s voice rumbled and Dean quickly stepped away from the other Were further into the tent, doing his best to pretend he couldn’t feel Novak’s eyes on his back as he moved. Dean sat down on one of the open beds and dutifully rolled up his sleeve.
Dean dropped his bag to the ground. They were outnumbered, but hell if he was going down without a fight. Beside him, Novak copied his motions, letting his bag fall where he stood.
“The military is going to have a lot bigger fish to fry than you, Hendrickson.”
“I’ve grown fond of it.” Cas replied with the same casual air he’d been using since they’d left the caves. His eyes flicked from Dean to Lucifer, ignoring the other wolves and Lilith cleaning her muzzle of blood.
Ash nodded and pulled out a magnifying-thingy with a little light on it.
The public outcry was swift and immediate. All Weres still in the military were shipped home to be treated for Therianterine withdrawal, while Charles, Naomi and Michael Novak were all arrested for Crimes Against Humanity. There would be ongoing legal battles, a couple of lengthy criminal trials and a hung jury before any of them saw real jail time. Amara Novak had tried to step up as leader of The Novak Pack, but her reign was short and brutal, ending with her in the exact same place as her kin when her finances were tied to Lucifer’s operations. Splinter packs of Novaks started forming and distancing themselves from the main family, some more effectively than others.
“You can’t make that promise,” Dean sighed, and Cas squeezed him tighter.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. “Fine. We’ll all go get food then. I just…”
Jo grinned, shrugged and hugged him back. Garth, Ash, Sam and Eileen all whooped with glee, while Bela looked on curiously.
Clearly Gadreel thought that being a Novak would immediately impress them, and was disappointed when they didn’t show gratitude or relief for this explanation.
Dean grinned. “You good?”
John scowled. “Young people these days, ungrateful for the gifts their parents gave them.”
“You got it, Boss-man.”
“Fucking dying after telling me that shit. Not even letting me respond? I don’t deserve your...ugh.” Dean cut himself off and wiped his eyes.
“What happened to ‘We are in hostile territory with an enemy who would love nothing more than to separate us to gain a tactical advantage’,
Ash laughed and started writing down Sam’s information.
“Yes, Sir!”
No amount of cunning and bravado could hide Lilith’s momentary shock at that news, but she quickly schooled her surprise into another sly smile. “Awww, so the puppy does have teeth after all.”
John had been silent the whole way back. Now he sat staring at them from behind the bars of his new cell—the same one in fact that Dean and Cas had stayed in upon their arrival here.
“Ahhhh, there you are, Omega,” Alistair purred, taking a deep scenting breath. “I was so sorry to see that you’d been plucked before our little party in the desert. Such a pity. Another lovely Omega lost...but not to the Novaks. Interesting.” He moved closer to the bars and raked his eyes down Dean’s form. “We could still have some fun, you and I.”
“Cas and Gabriel’s scents go that way. There is nothing ahead but death.”
The smile that bloomed across Cas’s face was blinding, and he leaned in to kiss Dean breathless again.
“Oh yeah—is that right, little wolf?” Benny said with a grin, pushing Charlie and causing her to step back onto her other foot. She pulled at Dean on her way back causing him to automatically grab her arm before pushing Benny back. Benny grinned and came at them both.
Novak blinked and looked over at him, clearly surprised and confused by Dean’s comment.
“Let me guess, four years ago?”
Novak signed back, <
“Oh, Gabriel. What have you done?” Cas whispered.
“I also have a…tumultuous relationship with my father. He also sent me here,” Castiel said, looking around. “But at least he told me to my face that it was my ‘duty’ to do so for the sake of our family, rather than…” He trailed off as his eyes met Dean’s once more.
“Gabriel, is that true?” Cas stormed up to his brother, grabbing him by his neck and lifting him off the floor as he had with the CMO Bevell back on base. The soldiers half raised their weapons, conflicted.
Thirteen dead. In one night, the enemy had taken thirteen men. The top brass was so angry they’d pulled their CO by the next day.  Dean didn’t know who they’d replace him with, nor did he care. He and Charlie spent the day holed up in their bunk, and no one had bothered them.
Dean flushed red and coughed before looking away.
Dean looked down at Charlie wrapped up in the Pack. She was safe, protected. For the moment at least. She at least looked content, even if he couldn’t scent her to know for sure. It was amazing how quickly he had gone back to relying on scent to judge the moods of others. Even so, it was clear that he hadn’t been thinking what she was thinking. Charlie lifted her eyes to his and motioned her head to the blankets.
Dean snorted, finished chewing and swallowed. “I’m not going to put my Pack in danger…err
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world, baby brother.”
Dean went still. Even if that was true, or would be true, it didn’t mean that Castiel gave a shit. They hardly knew each other, really.
Sam turned his eyes back towards his computer. Ten minutes after. The two of them watched the clock and wrapped an arm around each other. Fifteen minutes in. Twenty. At the half-hour mark, Eileen tapped him again and he pulled his gaze away from the blank screen to her eyes.
“You’re freer here than you have been in your entire life,” she replied, “free to do and be whatever you want.”
“We need to leave, Cas,” Dean said. “Now.”
The house was modest but well-cared for. The bushes were trimmed and the flowers were bright and healthy. The front door was a soft yellow, not an eyesore or some pukey colour, but rather something serene and welcoming. It was a nice house, one that looked well-loved.
Sam had failed to mention that Eileen was deaf, but that wasn’t the omission that made him nervous. It was that he hadn’t told Dean that Eileen was an Alpha. It wasn't like Dean lived there, and the military being what it was, it might be years yet until he came home. But by that point, she would be Pack anyways, and Dean would have to accept her for who she was. Sam shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. Eileen placed her hand on his arm soothingly and he glanced over at her.
“Yeah, what of it?” Dean said, baring his teeth. This man sure was beautiful, but he wasn’t very smart.
“It took time and money to build this,” Cas whispered to him, his eyes wide.
“It’s okay, Dean. I’m going to be okay,” Cas replied calmly, his eyes never leaving Dean’s.
“You won’t be going anywhere,” Gabriel growled as he stormed into the room. “They will never get through the mountain. They—” he was interrupted by another boom, this one sounding like it fell directly over their heads. “They don’t actually know where we are, they are just bombing arbitrarily trying to flush us out.”
Five minutes and a labyrinth of tunnels later, Dean was hopelessly lost. He only hoped that Cas had been able to track their progress better. Cas was a lot of things, but even when Dean hated him, he’d never doubted Cas’s abilities and expertise as a soldier.
“Thanks, Red. Over.”
“Fuck,” Dean swore and tore his gaze away from the other Were to stare at the cave beyond the bars. He hated the mere thought that his actions had somehow been tampered with by his own biology. The reason his wolf had befriended Castiel so easily, how he hadn’t forced the other Were to submit. How he’d let Castiel stay with and be near his Pack without becoming one of them. How he’d let this outsider get so close. Dean was a fool. They were both fools.
At a cross-tunnel, Dean came to a halt and signed
“Sam Winchester is safe,” they gasped out, “him and his mate are on a plane with one of our operatives right now!”
“Happy to put a bullet in him myself if he does,” the other one replied before they finally moved on.
“You’re not allowed—” CMO Bevell looked up from her paperwork in the back of the tent, her eyes wide as she took in who she had been chastising. Dean was across the room in an instant, grabbing the doctor by her throat before she could scream for help or give their position away.
“You rebel, Cassie!” Gabriel crowed, clearly impressed now that he had gotten over the shock of it. “Just wait until Dad finds out about this!”
“Most Alphas and Omegas go into rut or heat fairly soon after going off the shots as their hormones readjust, just as Castiel and Dean did. But on occasion, an individual will not level out normally, and any sexual contact will bring on another bout.”
Dean immediately moved up to the cell and put another couple of rounds into Alistair before the Alpha finally stopped moving. Dean walked back over to Garth, bypassing the shocked faces of his brother and Eileen, and pulled the Beta into a hug. “Thank you,” he whispered, knowing that these two words were not nearly enough to express everything he was feeling.
Cas narrowed his eyes and replied, “The greater good for whom?”
Cas’s disappointed face hovered in his mind and he rolled his eyes. Okay so maybe the Pack could go through the list of things they didn’t talk about if—when they finally got out of this mess. He’d start with talking to Cas about being his goddamn conscience even when he wasn’t around.
“I don’t see any reserved signs, ” Charlie chirped back.
Dean knew that Bela wasn’t a traitor so much as an opportunist. That she hadn’t truly joined them when they’d escaped from the lab, and that this scenario had always been a very real possibility. Despite that, it still stung.
“You should be proud you get to serve your country, Corporal Winchester. Not all of your kind are so lucky.”
Dean had grunted but hadn’t looked up from his meal. Was she blind or just stupid? Everyone else here wanted nothing to do with him. Dean took a surreptitious sniff of the air and stopped eating. He couldn’t scent her at all. He looked up to see her grinning back at him. She was a Were, just like him. Fucking military medicating them so much they couldn’t even smell each other from a foot away. Dean scowled and went back to eating.
“Lucifer is a lot of things, but he’s not a liar. Not about that,” Cas said simply.
Dean thought the smell had prepared him for the scene in front of them, but no matter the horrors his brain had produced, reality was worse. John knelt before the Alpha, his eyes down, head bowed and his torso a mess of torn skin and blood. Alistair loomed over him, his claws still dripping with John’s blood.
“Yeah, I’m sure. Don’t say anything, Charlie, please.”
“What?!” he growled.
Six months later, in conjunction with Were Rights International led by Eileen Leahy and the will of the people, the Military Pardons and Reparations Act was passed, pardoning all Weres that had gone AWOL and providing significant payouts for those who had been involuntarily sterilized. The next day the Winchester Pack flew home, finally able to set foot in the US without being arrested for desertion.
He never thought he would get to say that. Cas looked tired but happy. Dean leaned in and kissed Cas’s nose before he stepped back to shift into his wolf form. Cas blinked and smiled and then shifted as well. The two wolves rubbed their faces and bodies against one another affectionately. Dean moved back over to their nest of pillows and blankets and lay down. Cas followed, and soon they were curled up around each other. Dean groomed Cas, running his tongue comfortingly over his Mate’s fur until Cas fell asleep.
Lucifer smiled. “It’s so nice to finally meet you, Sam Winchester. We really should get you tested. I assume you will stop harassing my people now that you’ve seen your brother?”
“You would save this human? The one who sold you into slavery?” Lucifer asked.
putting my pack first. Lucifer is just as much a part of my pack as Cassie here is. Despite what some of the rest of them would say!”
Thirty minutes later, Dean had quieted down, possibly even passed out, and Ash had come to remove the IVs.
“‘Sup, Sam!” Charlie crowed, hugging him tightly. Sam laughed and hugged Charlie back. Then Sam’s face went through a contortion of emotions Dean had seen on many Weres faces when they encountered someone they could see but not smell.
“But without the war, I wouldn’t have met you two, so it can’t all be shit, right?” Dean said with a smile.
“Dad’s a bit of a…” Gabriel started.
“It’s the least I can do, really…” Dean sighed and then kissed Cas again. “Benny will always be important to me, but I need you to hear me when I say, he’s not you.”
This week was full of firsts for Sam, and so far, all of his expectations had been completely obliterated. It had been years since he’d seen his father, but he knew what kind of man John was, and this time he was determined not to be surprised by anything his father did or said.
“There you are,” she said smiling softly. “What happened?”
<Holding cell? Aid station?> Cas signed, picking out the most likely places Charlie would be.
Cas broke out into that amazing smile Dean had only seen a handful of times, one, in particular, had been playing in his head on repeat for days now. Cas finally relaxed into his arms and Dean took another breath, trying and failing to calm his racing heart.
“Ten minutes ago you were still on the 'Ultron school of problem-solving' side, so you don’t really have a leg to stand on here.”
“Hey Doc,” Charlie chirped when CMO Bevell came over to do the same procedure on her. “How much of this stuff would it take to overdose?” she asked conversationally. Bevell looked up at her briefly, her initial surprise morphing into distrust.
A soccer ball rolled up and hit Dean on the shins, before it bounced back. He bent over to pick it up and a young girl, no more than five years old ran up to them, unafraid. She smiled prettily and asked for her ball back. Dean dutifully returned it to her and she thanked him before she ran back over to the group of children, some in human form and some of them not. Dean turned to Gabriel. “Weres weren’t meant to be cooped up like this indefinitely. We’re made to run under an open sky.”
“I suspected,” Castiel said with a nod. “But I couldn’t be sure with just a description. I have so many family members, it could have been someone I’d never even met. The mere thought of it being one of my own siblings was too outlandish for me to wrap my mind around. I’m still struggling to believe it now, even though I have seen three of them with my own eyes.” Castiel looked down at his hands. “I’m sorry, for what it’s worth. I wasn’t trying to hide it from you so much as I was in denial…and then…And then how you reacted to it…” Castiel flushed, but his eyes came up and held Dean’s.
Cas looked up at him, his eyes filled with lust. A second finger slid alongside the first and Dean bucked into Cas’s hand and mouth. Cas pulled off Dean’s dick and handed him one of the bottles before gently turning him around and bending him over slightly. Dean nearly came right then as he felt Cas’s talented tongue cleaning up his slick that had been running down his thighs. He could feel more leak out and Cas’s tongue following it up to the source until it licked across his hole. Then his tongue pressed in beside his fingers, curling and sucking up his juices.
“In or out, Gabriel,” Dean growled. “We have to go. Bela—do you have all of your research with you?”
“Captain Arthur Ketch.”
“And Major Win— I mean, your father, he said that you were a Corporal?”
Cas smiled back. “Does everyone get a greeting kiss?”
Normally men and women did not share accommodation on base, but apparently being a Were was enough of a difference that they’d forced Charlie to bunk with him and Benny instead of with the other women. Suited them just fine though. Dean was the happiest when he could keep tabs on his Pack. He held open the heavily graffitied door of their barracks for Charlie, ignoring the fresh coat of hate-speech that arrived since last night.
Dean took another sniff in Gabriel’s direction and had to concede that he didn’t. His ozone and lightning mixed with sugar was syrupy in a way that made Dean want to gag, but there was no hint of bitterness or staleness that would have marked Gabriel for a liar. Dean turned away and walked back into the cave to take a seat against the wall again.
“I know,” Cas whispered into his hair, “for me too.”
“Don’t you mean Naomi’s lust for power?”
Oh good. No one died.
Before Dean could even process the fact that Novak and the enemy knew each other by name, the pack attacked. He shredded through his clothing as he shifted into his wolf form, claws and teeth bared and ready. The last thing he heard before his communicator was lost was Charlie’s voice shouting into his ear.
“I don’t know. As far as I do know, her unit escaped.” Gabriel shrugged.
“Let them do it! See if I care!”
Dean clenched his fists and took a deep breath. Was John right? He ran through the events of that evening again in his head, looking for other choices he could have made, other tactical advantages he could have pressed. Every scenario ended in more death than the one he had chosen. No. John was wrong.
“...not meant to go through it that often…”
“Once we know Sam and Eileen are safe, we’ll go after Charlie, if she hasn’t already found us by then, and then we’ll decide what to do about this…place.”
“We’ll get them. We will find a way to free them.”  Cas pulled back and forced Dean to look at him. “I promise.”
A yelp from beside him focused Dean’s attention back on the ongoing battle between Charlie and Lilith. Charlie was holding her own, but both wolves were bleeding from a number of wounds. He pushed himself to his feet and jumped into the fray blocking Lilith from biting into Charlie’s neck, just as she had done to him. His teeth clamped over Lilith’s muzzle and he bit down, crushing her jaw within his. A moment later Charlie ripped out the other wolf’s throat and Dean dropped her to the floor.
“Yeah, and look at where that’s gotten you. The moment you stepped out of the safe place I put you in, you became the hostage of a psychopath and dragged your brother into your problems!”
Cas scowled and glanced at Dean before he followed the Beta to the other bed, rolling up his sleeve as Dean had done.
“You’re not going to like it,” Bela warned.
Dean led Sam, Eileen, Ash, Bela, Garth and Jo unerringly over the underground stream and to the tunnel opening that would lead them to the cells. Babylon might have been a maze, but there was one path he was not going to forget any time soon.
“Sorry,” he said around the food in his mouth, gesturing to Dean’s mottled neck.
Dean and Cas were escorted by their guards through the tunnels to another room that looked more like a fancy laboratory than it did a cave. It was the largest space they had seen after the main cavern; filled with tables, computers, microscopes, a variety of scientific-looking machinery, and two people flitting about with white lab coats on. There were generators, fans, and even an environmental control chamber. It had hospital beds, medical waste disposal units and storage containers, but it barely resembled the aid station that had been set up on base. In fact, it smelled more like machines than it did people. More science and less sickness and death.
Sam let out a soft sigh of relief and Dean grinned.
Dean looked around the room, and each person nodded their head at him in turn. Everyone except for Bela who rolled her eyes and Gabriel who grinned.
He shouldn’t have been surprised when Cas caught up to him easily and was even happier to find the other wolf keeping pace rather than trying to stop him. Dean barked and picked up the pace, pushing his limbs to reach farther and to run faster. The thrill of Cas running beside him was lessened only by their destination.
Dean leapt past more incoming wolves, using his momentum to bowl them over, not allowing their teeth or claws to take hold. He raced for the Blackhawk but a flash of white obscured his path, Lilith springing out of the shadows straight into him, her teeth finding purchase in his neck. They toppled over together and he clawed at her, scratching deep gouges in her stomach. Dean felt his strength flowing out of him, his limbs becoming more and more sluggish. He was losing more than just blood, he was losing air. Lilith’s grip tightened on his throat and spots danced in front of his eyes. He’d be unconscious soon. Then Lilith was ripped away and he heaved in great gulps of air. He forced himself to turn his head to see Charlie’s giant red wolf frame now standing between him and Lilith. His very-much-alive little sister holding her own against the white she-wolf. He knew he’d made a mistake not making sure Lilith was dead last time. Hopefully, Charlie wouldn’t make the same mistake.
The images started to change as this wolf—no this man—not only comforted him, but seduced him as well. His dick swelled with interest as images flashed through his mind of enticing touches, breathless kisses and mind-bending orgasms; of Dean presenting and being taken, claimed and even mated. He loved every second of it.
“We’ve got this entrance.” Ketch nodded to Dean.
Dean stood panting, blood dripping from his muzzle, his left side bleeding from a number of wounds, his ear torn, his tail broken. His right side was free from damage, as Castiel leaned against him, breathing hard and seeing out of only one eye. Suddenly, Castiel slumped beside him and Dean yelped, nosing the other wolf. A large tranquillizer was sticking out of his side. Dean grabbed it with his teeth and ripped it free as he felt a sharp pinch of a dart hitting him between his shoulder blades. Dean stood over Castiel fighting to stay upright and awake. He needed to protect Castiel.
They found Benny torn apart in front of a number of brutalized Humans. His sacrifice hadn’t saved any lives, but he had gone down protecting the men. It was clear that it had been a surprise attack, Benny hadn’t even had time to shift before he was slaughtered by this new, unknown enemy.
“Shit. Okay. Potential numbers? Over.”
The guard that smelled like a home-cooked meal pushed the muzzle of his assault rifle into Dean’s back and Dean snarled. “Get that shit out of my back before I remove it for you!”
Castiel’s eyes caught his, and in that instant, Dean knew that was a lie. Castiel did give a shit, and for whatever life they had left, they were in it together. Castiel looked back at Gabriel and released his fists. His head and shoulders dropped and he took a deep breath before nodding. “I will not resist.”
Just as they stopped, Dean saw a flicker of something fly by and the world exploded into motion as the buildings in front of them shattered into a million pieces. Dean was thrown back towards the Humvee, his skin burning with the shockwave of the explosion. He smashed into the vehicle’s windshield before he tumbled to the ground. He lay still as his head spun and his ears rang. He catalogued his injuries as they slowly started to heal, broken ribs, ruptured eardrums, burnt skin on his face and his right arm, general internal damage. Sam was going to be so pissed.
son of Charles Novak? But Novak did not act like he was on the bottom rung. He always held himself with the air of a leader, of a Packmaster even; someone used to being near the top of the hierarchy. The fact that they had been running together for weeks now and Novak had never submitted to Dean was more than enough proof of a life lived on top.
“It will take Red and me a couple of minutes to get up there—and you’re not even going to be ready to leave for another ten—what’s your ETD—an hour?!” he growled.
“Yeah, Red, what do you have? Over.”
Dean frowned but pushed on. Nothing would keep him from rescuing her. “When do we leave?”
mine as well,” Dean said simply, but Ash looked at him hard for a moment before he nodded. Good. They understood one another then. Ash finished up his third vial and removed the needle before he packaged and labelled everything. He then took out a swab and gestured for Dean to open his mouth. Dean obliged and Ash brushed what looked like a popsicle stick against the inside of his cheeks.
“What about his illegitimate children?” Eileen asked.
Already the ozone and lightning was fading, leaving only Cas’s forest after the rain scent and the first inklings of leather and whiskey.
“...Escaped?” Dean asked in disbelief. “You’re telling me that one Were and a bunch of Humans
“Yes. A quiet do—woman brings me food,” John responded.
Dean sighed and closed the laptop after his brother’s face had left the screen. That had gone better than he’d expected. He winced as he stood up, his ribs protesting. He wrapped an arm around his midsection and waited for the pain to subside before he headed out of the communications tent and headed towards the Mess. The injuries weren’t severe enough to curb his hunger at least.
“Sorry, no can do, lil’ bro. I’ve got my orders, same as you. Just came to make sure you had healed and that you were getting enough to eat and drink. As I said, we don’t want to hurt you.”
“And?” Dean asked, a deep rumbling growl forming in his chest.
Sam rolled his eyes but smiled and blushed.
“We’re not going anywhere without you. We are in hostile territory with an enemy who would love nothing more than to separate us to gain a tactical advantage,” Cas hissed.
Once they had taken a seat, the guards moved back to stand unobtrusively near the entrance of the lab.
“You’re sitting in a small space with three of those ‘monsters,’ Ketch. Headed out to talk to a group of a lot more of us. I’d be careful if I were you,” Dean threatened over Charlie’s head.
“I know he will…it’s just this fucking war. And these fucking drugs,” Dean said while rubbing the spot on his shoulder where the medic had given him his monthly shot earlier that morning. It was a deep muscle pain that would last for the next couple of days and leave him feeling out of sorts, even after all of these years.
“It’s very much like you to want to protect innocent people.” Cas smiled. “Makes you a good Packmaster.”
“What? You don’t even know me! And I treat you like shit!”
“You thinking what I’m thinking, Zepp?” Charlie asked.
Dean felt the first stirrings of consciousness, and was ready to mourn the loss of such perfection, but the scent in his dream was still there as he blinked into wakefulness. He felt woozy and scent-drunk with the smell of ozone, lightning and the forest after a storm completely surrounding him. His wolf was content to bask in it and ask no questions. After all, it wasn’t just the scent of an Alpha, it was the scent of his Mate.
“You can’t tell me you didn’t look me up as well.”
John looked up at him then. Met his eyes. Maybe he saw Dean for who he really was, or maybe he didn’t. But it didn’t matter. Dean turned and walked out of the cave to join his real family—his Pack.
“Is that what Lucifer has promised you? You have to know he’s lying!” Castiel stepped around a cachet of medic bags and passed a group of Weres sitting in a circle chatting. Dean could feel their eyes following them as they walked past with their armed guards.
“Sir, do we know what the enemy looks like?” Captain Ketch asked.
He was right. Now was not the time. “I copy, Dodger. ETA One Five Minutes. Over”
Most of the scents he did pick up were muted after the long abandonment of the area, but there was one that kept wafting in and out.
Sometime later, Dean and Cas lay quietly together. The waves of their heat and rut had finally slowed to every five to six hours or so. They were almost through it.
,” Dean replied. “I could be blindfolded in a room of a thousand men and still pick out the enemy without any difficulty. A cave will not present any problems.”
“You forgot the part where Corporal Winchester is a halfbreed and Warrant Officer Novak is a universal donor,” Bela said from where she was standing next to Cas’s bed, following the same procedures that Ash was.
“Yes. But they don’t blame you. I don’t blame you. They’re just glad that the transfusion seemed to work.”
“Zepp?” Charlie asked, placing a hand on his shoulder.
“I’m still okay,” Dean said, as Cas pulled him in for a kiss. Dean leaned forward until his body followed and he moved to sit in Cas’s lap, tossing the remaining ration bar aside. Cas arms wrapped around him and they made out for a while. Finally, Dean pulled back to look into Cas’s eyes, which were starting to tinge with gold as well.
Cas slowly pulled out before thrusting back in, and then again, quickly losing himself to the rhythm of their bodies joining. Cas thrust again and again, slightly changing the angle until Dean screamed and saw stars, coming into the blankets beneath them. Cas continued to thrust, each time his knot growing, catching and pulling on Dean’s rim.
They had just reached the entrance when Major John Winchester stepped into the infirmary.
“You should be thanking them,” Gabriel said, drawing the attention of the soldiers for the first time. He and Hannah looked only a little shaken up instead of the bruised and bloodied picture both men and wolves presented. “They saved the world.”
“Am I?” Cas said conversationally, his rifle never wavering.
I don’t even know what I’m doing. You can’t even hear me in the Empty.” Dean took another long swig, rolling the glass bottle between his hands.
“I find that hard to believe,” Dean muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Castiel finally opened his eyes again, they were bright gold and inextricably locked on Dean. What the hell, right? A willing and able partner who smells divine? There were worse things. Traitor or no. Dean licked his lips and watched as Castiel’s eyes followed the motion. His fingers twitched.
“They leave wherever we go. Over.” Dean muttered, but turned back to return to his squad.
“Such a shame.” Alistair sighed and started walking towards them. He blatantly scented them as they drew closer. “This one’s nearly ready to be plucked.” He grinned, staring at Dean hungrily. Dean nearly gagged as the overwhelming stench of rotten eggs and the smell of burning flesh attacked his senses. Alpha. Monster.
“Tour?” Castiel ground out.
“How so?” Cas asked at the same time as Gabriel frowned.
“Hi! I’m Private First Class Charlie Bradbury. And you’re Private First Class Dean Winchester! Nice to meet you.”
“Well that could have been part of it too.” Eileen shrugged.
“We need to leave. Now,” Cas said, cutting off the growling match that had started between Bela and Charlie. Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas, Charlie and Sam before focusing on the soldiers standing between them and the rest of the cave system. They looked as shaken by the news as Dean felt, but he didn’t have time to deal with the fall out of that and get his Pack to safety.
in his entire life.
“Errr…yes. Sammy, Sam. This is Cas. Castiel Novak.
Dean begrudgingly stepped aside to let the other Were in.
“Dean—”
Dean nearly whimpered with the loss when Cas’s hand slipped from his as he moved towards the front of the cave. The military had stolen this moment from him. Had stolen his Mate from him. Without being held hostage, they could have potentially coexisted for years and never known the truth.
Dean sighed and nodded. At least Charlie had had the foresight not to invite the little shit inside. Their home may not carry their scent, but it sure as fuck wasn’t going to be polluted by the stink of human either. Together, the two of them moved to Benny’s bunk and slowly began dismantling his space. His pictures of his mate Andrea and his pack back home, his books and electronics, his clothes, extra knick-knacks he’d picked up and squirrelled away like a packrat. Dean neatly packed away the rest of Benny’s things and wondered if any of this stuff would even reach Andrea back in Louisiana or if the military would just pitch it out like the trash they thought he was. Dean pocketed a picture of the three of them Sam had taken with his computer, printed and mailed to them. It wasn’t much, but they didn’t have anything else of Benny’s to keep, not even a shared Pack scent. Charlie nodded absently at him and continued gathering everything else.
“I…we…” Dean pulled back to look at Cas’s face. Cas looked back at him with affection and empathy. Cas waited patiently, not pressuring or prompting Dean to speak. It was time Dean stopped pretending that they were just going to fuck and get this whole hormonal Mate thing out of the way, this was it. This was real. Fuck.
Two and a half hours in, Sam’s phone buzzed. Dean glanced over at his brother just in time to see Sam’s eyes widen and hear the sharp intake of breath…
“Novak Industries.”
A moment later Novak seemed to come alive again and shouted after his brother, calling to him long after he would be able to hear.
“More family? That’s just fucking great,” Dean swore. “Lying sack of shit.”
Ketch got in the front seat as the gate was opened.
“It’s going to be fine, Sam,” she said signing as she spoke, her eyes filled with love.
. I roll my eyes at it, only inducing a new wave of nausea. Dammit. I was so immersed in the conversation that I almost forgot about the war I lost.
Unexpectedly thought, Cas is holding my forehead with a trembling hand and rubbing my back while I puke my guts on his precious floor. Oh well, at least it seems like he won’t be bored with me around.
(See the end of the chapter for
See you in the next chapter!
Yup, he didn’t understand anything I said and I have no idea what can I say more, so I just address the issue at hand. “Call that lawyer, Cas. I wanna see his dumbed look when he looks at me signing those papers.” I try to joke, though Cas is finally relaxing now and showing a little smile.
? What the fuck? “Your voice is really hot. Do you live around here?” I’ll punch her. I swear that I’ll punch her. Not even I told Cas that, even if it’s true. “My name’s Becky. Yours?”
“And called you an
, since of course he’s doing that as well. He’s an alpha. A man. A
I shake my thoughts and get out of the bathroom after finishing my business. The whole house is empty though, remembering that Cas is probably at work now. Although there is a note from him on the kitchen counter with a credit card next to it.
. I’m trying to panickily push open the door, but the assholes seem to be holding it closed, since they probably don’t have the keys to actually lock it. The worst part is that there's so little place to move and so suffocating, that I actually feel like in a
Author's Note: I originally planned to keep a weekly schedule on updating this fic, but of course life (more like work) has to get in the way :/
being shouldn’t be able to open it at all.
“He is not a bad guy” mumbles Cas, while we walk down a small bridge. The weather is pretty nice with lots of nature and fresh air. It doesn’t even compare to the small garden where I sometimes spend my time at the center. Though, it makes me remember a lot more of the last time when me and Benny managed to lose the police in the forest, only for us to get lost ourselves. The weather was just as nice even then and it was more easier than we expected to find our way back.
Not until
“Hello, Dean.” The man says after a few moments of looking at me.
“I am also very disappointed at the way you treated Dean, someone you knew I care about. I do not plan on being your client ever again.” Cas murmurs, defeated.
“You are mine, Dean. It is only a matter of time before you realize that accepting it is the only choice you have left. Delaying that moment will only bring you unnecessary suffering. Just let it go, Dean. We will be together for the rest of the eternity. You will never escape me.” He then goes to kiss my lips, though the moment I feel his lips on mine, I bite until I draw blood and beyond.
then. The last time we went outside he seemed to try to avoid looking at others and felt so out of the place walking amongst crowds.
will come back. Fortunately, they’re not happening very often despite my shitty life, but when they happen, they’re
He quickly realizes his sudden outburst and now he’s looking at the ground in shame. “Cas, I was kidding. And no need to be ashamed. You’re a pervert, just like everyone else,” Of course my words are making him look even guiltier.
Hello guys! After many years of stalking AO3 I decided to finally post my first fic!
I only smirk at him and send him off to let me prepare for the coming of the great snobby alpha. He smirks back in response, knowing that I have no intention of doing that.
My hands had become numb from the tension, though I still try to hide my face behind them, while he reaches for my face and strokes it.
Does he want us to still hold hands? Or he doesn’t want to leave me alone? “Come on, Cas.” I move out of bed first and slowly drag him up by the hand.
“Bad morning, Cas.” I finally respond, cringing at my horse voice. Did I scream until I almost broke my vocal cords, or what the hell?
I don’t plan to tell Garth about the contract I’ll have with Cas - it would be sad to give him hopes for a possible good future for me, only to possibly end up dead the next day. No, it’s enough. I shake my head while Garth is looking confused at me.
“Why are you trembling, Cas?” He almost stops after hearing me ask it, but with difficulty keeps moving forward.
even need it in the first place.
Unfortunately for them, I’m
His words are interrupting my train of thoughts. “Hello, Dean”.
I feel bile rising to my throat at the unwanted touches, his teeth also gently biting on a nipple over the shirt. I scream at him. “You’re a piece of shit! I don’t want anything you’re doing right now. Don’t you fucking give me your fucked up rationality. This is not freedom. You’re abusing your power to force your way through things when you see they don’t go as you wanted. You’re no
to hear him say that.
. “Why did she call me angel?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Owner? I think you are the rude one, Karen.” Cas.Is.Amazing. I laugh out loud now, turning some heads in my direction. I’ll probably be a known figure soon, if I keep meeting so many weirdos who want to fight me.
“This is delicious!” I also hear Cas throwing praises every few moments, almost choking a few times, but still wearing an excited expression like a little kid. “It is been so long since I have last tasted something so wonderful.”
Is this guy a fucking shrink or something? Why the hell he keeps analyzing anything that I do? It’s like I’m an ant under the magnifying glass, but he’s not only trying to study me, he wants to use the sun to make me burn until there’s nothing left but the true me. Like hell he’ll ever get that.
But they didn’t know that I only needed a few seconds to realize that this would be my life from then on if I wouldn’t escape somehow. That they’ll use this punishment for the rest of my life in order to tame me. They were only two and with the biggest rush of adrenaline I ever had in my life, I headbutted a piece of shit right in the nose and kicked the other. Took a nearby lamp and knocked them unconscious (at least I think they were
make my day better and now these pies are making my heart feel like it’s floating.
But looking at Karen’s face, she seems…
In the end, besides the many flannels – which caused lots of frowning looks from Cas – we do manage to buy some normal clothing to wear outside and also comfortable ones for my definitely long stayings inside the house.
“You can be both, I guess?” I say a little confused.
.” That moment I thank all the pie lords for having Cas cover me with a blanket like a baby, since it would’ve definitely been a nice
“It is just a physical reaction of mine, Dean. Not your fault. It happens whenever I try to touch anyone.” Even his voice is trembling now as we make our way to the room. He’s also starting to sweat a little. First time I’ve ever seen this happening to an alpha.
I suddenly wake up drenched in sweat, tucked comfortably in a warm bed but feeling something even warmer surrounding my hand. It’s probably early in the morning since I can sense the first rays of sun, but the room is illuminated enough to see a passed-out figure on the edge of the bed.
“I will bring some blankets, then.”
, I couldn’t
But of course, this asshole who suddenly jumps in my way must bring me back to the real world. “What’s a beauty like you doing so lonely right here?” The piece of shit leers, only making me roll my eyes at the stupid pick-up line.
So many possibilities:)
“Cas.” He suddenly stops his prattling at the sound of my serious voice. “It’s a sleepover. That’s all. You had sleepovers with your friends, right? I had and I don’t feel uncomfortable
affected. The collar is usually worn to show the ownership over an omega and the people usually avoid them.
“Dean!” I jerk when I realize that not only my name has probably been called for a while, but also a persistent finger keeps poking my forehead. “Are you still feeling sick? Even this morning you kept spacing out. At least you do not seem to have temperature.”
“So, I only need to be your whore and maid for six months and then you’ll let me free?” I ask, lowering my eyebrows but feeling more confident about this new chance I’m given. Six months to act like a submissive,
Triggers: Stress eating and puking.
me – no idea why, he doesn’t seem the type to fall in love at first sight.
I’m only able to nod, but he slowly reaches for the hands still gripping my knees and lifts me enough to carry me on his back, while murmuring comforting words with a trembling voice. “Everything will be alright, Dean. You only need to relax now. I am here for you.”
After buying some ingredients and some essentials for me, we’re both carrying the many shopping bags, while making our way back.
I’m interrupted again by that
(See the end of the chapter for
“Touché. You’ll never let these little events go, won’t you?” I sheepishly respond while making our way to the garage.
! I refuse to think that angels are like you.”
“What is going on here?” An
“That’s so weird, man! Are you sure he’s not faking it or something?” Garth says as a matter of fact.
Cas frowns at my comment, though. “You really do not remember anything that happened yesterday?”
I frown back to him, since this is something I never imagined to ever hear from an alpha’s mouth. “Umm, Cas, this is a normal mentality for the alphas, you know?” Including
“What?” He slowly raises his head, only now seeming to remember something else. “Dean, all those wrappers… Please tell me you did not eat all of those.” His mood changes are disturbing now. Even more disturbing since he seems to want to drag me away from my pies.
I ended up promising to sleep with him until he’ll no longer be scared of ‘creepy shadows on the walls’, but sharing a bed it’s the only thing that happened between us. Not like I should’ve expected more, since Cas definitely doesn’t seem like he’ll ever make the first step.
Dick is still packed with anger while Cas is giving the documents back to him. “Mr. Novak, I’ll never help you out on this subject again! The nerve of this omega and the way you didn’t even stop him from humiliating me!” The dick keeps sprouting non-sense while packing the documents.
He seems more relaxed, now that he sees that I have a relatively normal reaction to his crazy offer. He says “You will still appear of being under my tutelage, so you will not have any other problems and can do whatever you want, without being in danger of being taken back to an omega center. Also, I will finance you for the rest of your life and you can find your own love at your choosing without me interfering with you at all.” His eyes do seem a little sad at this last sentence though.
“I don’t know how much freedom you’re going to have, but if you want to talk, or even if you need help, please call me! I’ll probably only be able to get you back here, but even if it’s not the best alternative, here is definitely safer than being alone with a dangerous guy.” His voice is trembling and he seems two seconds away from crying. Only when I take the paper and mutter a ‘thank you’ with the beginning of a happy smile, he assaults me with his specific bear hug. Why is everyone so chummy towards me today? After he finally releases me (I might have returned the hug, just a little), he turns around while wiping his face and heads for the door. “Those guys are probably at the director’s office by now, signing the release contract. I’ll lead them back while you get ready.” He says before leaving the room.
What the hell was that? I never saw a person to become this lifeless after watching a horror movie. Well, he
I should probably stop from eating since I’m around two pies away from puking, but they’re still making me a too happy man for me to do that.
He seems to hold himself back from asking more questions and only answers after sighing deeply. “I only called him, but since he is in another town on a mission, he could not come here.”
gestures.
So, I’ll forget about everything, and instead I’ll jerk off while thinking of Cas
“It’s already this late…” Cas says, melancholically looking at the clock. “I have already prepared your room, so we can go there now,” Instead of getting up he still looks expectantly at me. “Before that, I did not tell you about my schedule. From tomorrow on I will be at work from nine to five, weekends free. Of course, you can spend your time however you wish. We also have Netflix if you choose to stay at home or you can go out and explore whenever you wish. Just…” He sighs that moment looking a little sad. “I do not like to this, but would you mind if you were to wear a collar outside? I am worried about your safety and even if this is a small area, bad people are everywhere… At least they should refrain more if they see… the collar.”
is a nice word to it
I answer solemnly. “Cas, they’ve done nothing wrong to me. I was the one who hurt their pride by puking them. I shall never blame them for something I brought on myself.”
?” Cas is completely facing me now and has a determined look in his eyes.
Well, usually omegas don’t change so many centers like I do and are kept their whole lives by the alpha who chose them. But not me. Even when an alpha has taken me in (no idea why, they probably just want to try to tame me), I either manage to run away - the damn implanted chip gets me back to the center anyway - or piss him off so much that he’s returning me. Even the personnel of these centers seems to usually hate my bratty attitude.
After getting out of bed and going to the bathroom, I wash my face and teeth while staring in the mirror. Despite the good night sleep my face still looks weary. Even if the last months had been easier on me, it still wasn’t a life that would make me happy with lots of alphas
This is
He gives a small smile in response and turns around. “Maybe one day you will, Dean.”
Seeing myself in the mirror wearing it, brings even more memories, but I turn around and start wandering aimlessly around the store to distract myself and not explode in a bawling fit. Cas keeps his distance from then on, but I do see from the corner of my eyes his worried glimpses now and then.
your brother as well, you know.”
“Is there something about this jacket?” Cas changes the subject while looking at it.
Which is bullshit of course. That’s why I
“I’m in the mood for a milkshake!” I suddenly raise from the bench, now motivated enough to try to keep those feelings inside and not leave them out again. I lived my whole life bottling up everything that tried to break me and I managed just fine. Showing Cas, who’s also a stranger, glimpses of these kinds of weaknesses won’t do me any good. At least, until I know him better, I should try to keep personal things away from him.
Only then, my legs finally give out and I resume my fetal position against the wall.
Don’t tell me has the same thoughts that I’m having?...
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do not want my brother to become a murderer.” He answers seriously, not catching my dick joke again.
it, Dean.”
.” We were kinda ignored before, but my comment did turn some heads toward us. I do try to go the other way with the little hope that he’ll leave me alone and not attract unwanted attention towards me anymore.
, inside a
Though, this seems to get Cas even more panicked. “What? It happened before? Have you seen a doctor? What if you end up not being able to ever get out of that state? What if–”
I frown at him, suddenly feeling annoyed at the self-loathing me who can’t even keep those feelings hidden. “I’m not sad, Cas.”
head tilt (not adorable, stop it!), but for some strange reason, I can see a flicker of sadness in those deep eyes of his, though he changes the subject quickly. “You are the first person to ever hear cursing so much. Is this a distraction for you? Are you feeling better when you curse so much?”
I interrupt his stuttering with a wink and seductive voice. “Where are the showers, big boy?”
“He’s a Novak.” Says Garth, seeing that this is just another day of me ignoring him and staying in the little world inside my head. I use to do that a lot. Garth uses to say that it’s a coping mechanism after a life of meeting so many abusive alphas and being at the end of their sadistic punishments.
Cas, so maybe I shouldn’t worry too much about these kinds of things.
Chaotic Gabe is back! Love him so much :D
He has no reaction to my outburst and answers calmly but with conviction. “Because it should be your right as well. Because you are
After Cas returns, we finally get to eat. The food is unexpectedly amazing. I was always a good cook, but I didn’t expect it to end up so good on the first try. I first learned to cook after my mother left me and my father and I had to look after the house while he was working. I was around 15 at that time, four years before getting caught by the black-market dealers, but I still had to cook even after that for some alphas, or when I was with Benny.
“Cas, could we avoid the premature death topics and talk about nicer stuff, you know, like your interests in my underwear?” I successfully change the topic, Cas’s face going quickly from regretful to embarrassed.
“You are not serious.” Cas says incredulously while looking back and forth at me and the pie. “This pie is mine, Dean.” His serious face while saying this makes me so proud of him for some reason. Like he’s a true pie warrior right now, only that he tries to protect me from it, not the other way around like I would do. So, he starts eating it while looking annoyed at me. He’s like an angry puppy now. So cute.
that important and bringing the weak down? That’s loser talk, which you already are, you little shit. Standing in your knees in front of me. Who’s the bitch now,
“Are you talking to me, Dean?” Cas is finally answering, after seeing that I’m too far away in my happy pie place to elaborate on my feathers comment. Also, his puzzled face trying to understand my words was too funny to interrupt him.
We finally leave the building, only to end up being enveloped in a bear hug by Garth. Though, I can see Cas giving us a sad confused face, along with Gabriel behind him cursing at me that I’m ‘stealing his darlings’.
But right now, I’m being locked in this small room in awaiting for the alpha. Even though it’s a small room, I do have my own sink and mirror and also a few drawers for my stuff and clothes.
So, I answer directly just like him. “Nothing.”
Yet Cas is now worryingly standing in front of me, definitely not finding his own words amusing. “Dean, I do not understand what is happening. Oh, right, maybe Gabriel would know–”
“Pahahaha!” I haven’t expected Cas to be such a quick learner. Or maybe this is not a dick joke, but what Cas is actually thinking? Still, it’s a good one. At least my face is also red from laughing now.
He starts a little at the sound of my voice, but he’s still not able to say anything, only opens and closes his mouth like a fish, not finding his words even now.
of me getting hard to the thought of Cas
He blinks once, not expecting the nickname, then smiles. “Not gonna fall for this one. Truth.”
Gabriel continues unperturbed. “Brother, also, please tell me, do you think it’s normal to act like a kid in love in front of those people? Unlike the rest of our stupid family, we both hated the sick treatment of every being that was considered inferior to us. So, you know it yourself that I have nothing against Dean being an omega, but you also do know that the other people don’t think like that at all! You don’t fucking let them hear shit like that! Do you know how fucking scared I was? It was a fucking institution there, Cas. They could have denounced you at any moment, that you’re not straight in the head and lose everything you’ve fought your whole life!”
At that moment, Cas looks intensely into my eyes. “Besides a few exceptions, I usually only
After a few seconds of thinking he says “Say it for six times: The sixth sick Sheik's sixth sheep's sick.”
“Didn’t expect it to be so close.” I murmur while following Cas inside the store.
I respond to him. “This is bullshit! Why the hell would you need my
a good boy and I always do my best so they’ll all know that. Every time some stuck-up alpha comes into my room, I make sure to piss that bastard off and make him leave with his tail behind his legs. That’s quite satisfying. Though they sometimes react like the assholes they are and try to hit me, I do have some good escaping reflexes and also the staff from this last omega center seems to care a little bit more about omegas than my old ones.
Knowing that this is probably related to Cas declaring his weird love fantasies to every person in this building, makes me give a proud smirk to him back. His expression changes at that moment to an even more dumbfounded one, with Cas confusingly looking back and forth at both of us and Garth just rolling his eyes.
This seems to completely wake him up, since he swiftly releases me and looks guilty at the side. “I’m very sorry, Dean. You kept cuddling me last night and this was the only alternative I could help you with. I’m not very good with this kind of thing.” He quickly says in one breath, like he wanted to get it over with. Unfortunately for him, I’m the last person on earth he should consider having a hearty conversation the first thing in the morning. So, I just ignore him and go to the bathroom in my room, where I have all my stuff. I should just move them all in his bathroom if I keep doing this whole sleeping in his room thing. It’s such a hassle to walk so many steps in the morning. I wanna go to sleep until I die and then sleep some more. The mornings are too troublesome.
Cas breaks his empty staring by answering me. “I have been knowing him ever since we were children. My family always collaborated with their family law business and they used to bring him during diners. Never liked him too much though. He is putting himself on too much of a greater pedestal.” He frowns, looking at his own cup which seems to be half empty by now.
I interrupt him with a pat on his shoulder, knowing that even if I were to need help, my heart wouldn’t let me get this kind man into trouble for saving an omega from the big-ass Novak family. He probably knows that too, since his eyes get even sadder.
Unexpectedly, Cas has his own avoidance techniques. “I never expected Charlie to look into you. I only asked a more experienced colleague some advices and it seems like she eavesdropped on our conversation.” So, Cas
He makes a grimacing face like he can already feel the punch and answers “I would rather avoid that,” He straightens up. “I have a proposition for you, Dean.”
He’s tilting his head with the squinty eyes at me, definitely not getting his own joke, so I continue the original conversation. “Yeah, but isn’t it illegal to get personal info on people she sees on the streets and use it for her own gain? It doesn’t seem fair to me to get away with it this easily.”
That moment I see a beautiful sad smile taking form on Cas’s lips. I didn’t even know that people could have this kind of smile, especially one directed at me. Even my heart skipped a few beats because of it. “Thank you, Dean.”
I shake my dirty thoughts until I’m able to raise my sleepy voice. “Weren’t you supposed to be at work?” I’ve never been a morning person and usually avoid people during that time, but I’m too curious about Cas’s presence.
He lowers his eyebrows and with a deep voice says “Six months. Live with me for six months. After these months are over, if you will not love me, or still hate me so much and want to leave, I will set you free.”
“Wanna take a piss, if you’d so kindly let me go.” I grumpily answer him, using my wonderful morning voice. Even a bear would sound more pleasant than I do right now.
“Where did you hide them this time, brother?” suddenly asks Cas, while unpacking our shopping bags on the counter.
I slowly try to get up from the bed. Strangely, I don’t have it my heart to release Cas’s hand yet, since it gives me a sort of strange sense of safety, but at that moment I feel his hand tightening, along with sounds of pained grumbling from him.
“Do you have anything else to say to me, or did you only come here to fuck with me, until I get to finally punch you?” I spit out.
. One after another they come and check the ‘green eyed beauty’ that seems to have caught the attention of many alphas who are searching for new omega
He seems strangely happy now. “We can do that. Netflix has a large movie collection.” Maybe not strangely, since movie nights actually get me a little excited as well. Actually, not only a
His sad voice while he explains things that I’ve dealt with my whole life is getting to me as well. Still, it’s weird for him to be
“I made sure you will not feel any physical pain during penetration, though there is nothing that I can do related to your emotional issues.” He starts to slowly pull back, his hand going back to hold my waist. “But even these ones should be resolved with time.” Then just as slowly pushes back inside. “I always noticed that the humans are very adaptable during unstable times. You will get used to this as well, Dean.”
I raise my voice then. “Why would you also need my signature? I already gave you my verbal approval!” Which he
Maybe it’s only me, but it seems like his eyes got clearer. “I have never been in love before, Dean, but whatever I feel for you, it is different from whatever I have ever felt for anyone else. It is the strongest feeling I have ever had. I only need to look at you and feel my heart ready to burst. But not in a bad way… a strange one… like happiness? I think this is what happiness looks like?”
probably get to him a little. Which is not fair, since that little smile of his is getting to
And a reaction he gets since I start laughing out loud. Never expected him to learn this quickly, but I do feel a touch of pride swell in my chest. Pride for teaching him curse words but still pride. “You really are amazing, you know!” I say, while wiping a tear from my eye. I can’t remember the last time I laughed so much like during these two days ever since I met Cas.
one and I’m starting to eye Cas’s one as well.
Just like today. Nothing triggering happened, no bad memories, no dissociations, absolutely nothing. Yet, during one night, I find myself in the middle of the worst day of my life. I’m with my father in our home, watching a baseball game while drinking beer. Those days I used to take odd jobs, while pumped up in suppressants in order to not attract attention, in disguise as a beta. That day though, we both had a rare same day off and were planning to just spend some quality time together.
. A comfortable silence falls between us while we eat, but I do feel Cas stealing glances at me now and then. I’ve been meaning to ask him ever since we met, but I never got to with everything that happened. “The first time we met,” He makes eye contact with me. “Why did you tell me that you probably love me?”
.” I also give him a thumbs up to accentuate it.
I’ve been in a
? Is this guy fucking with me? Did he really forget the planet that he’s living on? That in front of him is someone who’s been treated like the lowest of trash most of his life? How the hell could he say that?
Garth probably notices a beginning of anger on my face and adds “He seems to be the youngest son of the family. Though, I haven’t heard much about him and he doesn’t seem to attend any of the family’s luxury events.”
Not like Cas is doing even better than you anyway :)
Actually, the whole day was a complete disaster. Instead of a fun date and messing around with Cas, I became an emotional mess and even had a panic attack. But Cas, unlike every alpha I’ve ever met, not only tried to stop those alphas, he stayed and took care of me. Even now, he’s holding my hand, after so many hours, despite sleeping in such an uncomfortable position.
being, with human needs. Even if he usually acts like a robot and sometimes blushes like a virgin. And he also said that he
“I don’t care,” I spit out in disgust. “I only need a few words to get him to show his true jerk face.” And they always show it whenever they’re provoked. Especially by a
Author's note:
I laugh a little, then turn around and make my way upstairs. “Whatever you say, Cas. Until you finish up your magic, I’ll freshen up a little.”
“Then what are you, Dean?” He confusedly answers tilting his head.
That moment when his attention is distracted, I manage to open my handcuffs and stab the nail into his neck. Even if he’s an
Cas frowns at his own cup from his hands. “Fortunately, Dick is completely terrified of my brother and he had the instincts to run away the second he saw my murdering brother coming towards him.” Of course he missed again my genius dick joke.
“But how
His noisy scream definitely turned every eye on us by now. “You really are a piece of shit, you know that?” I angrily talk through my clenched teeth, while twisting his arm even more and him trying in vain to keep down his screams. “Thinking that you’re
I smirk.
? “You have both threaten me in order to make you something to eat, since you were ‘starving animals’.” He says dreadfully while making his signature air quotes.
After around half an hour of driving and Gabriel pestering either Cas (who was still ignoring him) or me (he kept trying to make me get Cas forgive him – like I'd know how people do this stuff, since I never cared for forgiveness from other persons), during which I kept getting weird side glances from Cas, we get to a nice lake house which looks unexpectedly homey.
“Stop it already!” Cas raises his voice again while massaging his temples, though he gives me a side glance as well at my ‘Not as little as you are’ whisper.
What the fuck is going on? Since when are demons in love with me?
and demons working together?”
you stupid dick, just like blue is the color of your stupid fucking eyes!
He puts his hand on my shoulder next, giving me a
(See the end of the chapter for
See you!
Besides that, it also worries me that during the night, the
the alphas that treated me like a rag doll. I
job, Dean!
Cas only looks expectantly at me and says “Shall we go, Dean?”
A few little warnings added at the end notes and some in the tags.
“I need to go to the bathroom.” This was the last thing I said before hurrying to where the signs were pointing to the nearest bathroom.
“Oh, no, Dean. I only need your company. That is all. Whether you will wish for anything else or not, will be at your choice. You do not even need to sleep with me in the same bed. You will have your own room and own privacy. Though I do expect for you to reserve some time for me as well everyday, as to know each other better and have no regrets.”
Only a few seconds after his last confession that seemed to be taken word by word from a book - maybe this is what this crazy guy is after: to live a romantic fantasy or something – he’s in a hurry to take me out of here already.
After taking his sweet damn time on sucking and licking both of my nipples repeatedly and making my own cock disgustingly twitch inside my pants he answers. “This is not torture, Dean. This is your retribution.”
He just makes his squinty eyes and tilting head, but for the first time, I’m
My reaction to this is of complete shock. And then “Are you serious? You
as I thought.
.” I say laughing a little.
I failed everyone. My father, Bobby, Benny, now even Cas, a stupid alpha who doesn’t even know what’s good for him.
during my lonely time made my face burn up so badly that it gave me a very good reason to flee immediately. Now I feel like the
. Didn’t have one for a while, since yesterday night I was too busy getting drunk, remember?”
“Okay, Dean. I will come back for you when everything is ready.” Why even this simple sentence is making my knees feel like jelly is beyond me, but I only shrug and go about my business.
“Yea. Whatever.” I really am not in the mood to talk about this, especially not now in the morning. Actually, not ever, if possible.
Instead of answering though, I tell him my next impression after the ‘sexy jerk’ and ‘want to bed this bastard’ ones (like I would ever tell him those out loud). “You’re weird.”
. Of course, he goes to sex clubs and does pervy stuff. I talked about Gabriel being delusional, while I’m actually the biggest one from this whole room, thinking that Cas is a cute puppy who must be
. I know that they only helped me because they're against the black-market but even so, for me they were my
“Cas! Stop talking badly about Dr. Sexy!” I finally stop this chatterbox from completely ruining my Dr. Sexy MD experience and pause the episode. At first, I was planning on showing him some movies to increase his genre savvy experience, but these series picked my interest for some strange reason and we’ve been binge watching them for a few days now. Well, only in the evenings with Cas – since he must work the rest of the day – though he doesn’t seem interested enough in the show for me to take a break from marathoning the episodes. Even if he already missed half a season since the last episode we watched together, he still has reasons to pick on Dr. Sexy. I do appreciate that he’s forcing himself to watch it only to spend some time with me, but these commentaries are still infuriating.
I shrug, since I have no idea how any of these alpha brains work. “She only told me that she knows the brand of diapers my parents used to buy for me as a baby, getting to my today’s preferences in underwear.”
Jealous Cas is definitely the last thing I needed for this evening. I shrug. “Not… really.” Though I don’t sound very confident.
(See the end of the chapter for
He continues touching my Adam’s apple next, not affected by anything I say and keeping a stoic face. “Why would I work with demons, Dean? Does it feel normal to you to see
“What?”
“Okay–” He probably realizes that moment what I just said and starts babbling. “No, Dean… That’s not– I mean–”
To that, Gabriel laughs out loud, wiping some imaginary tears from his eyes. “My dear little brother, you are using those air quotes so wrong, but who am I to ‘tell you what to do’?” While childishly bending his own fingers just like Cas did and starting another round of laughing.
. Blue like the sky I use to look at, through the small window from my room, when I feel the need to escape this reality. Blue like the ocean I once went with my family, when I was too small and knew so little about the cruelty of this world.
Cas is smiling now a little and I feel that warmness inside my chest that I always seem to get whenever he gives these sweet little smiles. I know him for so little time, but I definitely got it bad for his face. Probably not only the face, but there’s no need to duel on these feelings right now.
“Thank you, Dean.” he slowly says, looking me straight in the eyes, and at that moment I feel like I
The next day, I finally manage to get out of bed – after spending most of the night finishing a whole season, Cas abandoning me pretty early – in order to make my way out to the store and buy more ingredients for my first tentative of cooking in a long time.
Some minor triggers put in the tags and the end notes.
I really hope to bring him justice and that you'll love him as much as I do.
So, I smirk at him and answer. “Fine,
Cas deflates at my outburst though. “Please forgive me, Dean. I have crossed some limits now.” He looks heartbroken now.
“But you’ll need to help me get up, Cas.” I say in a flirty tone and get a frowning look from Cas.
try to keep me safe, Garth,” I mumble. “I bet your colleagues would
I then notice some bottles of beer on the ground, so I reach out to one of them and effortlessly open it, using the table countertop. I see from the corner of my eye Cas and Gabriel gasping at me while I take a big mouthful of it – actually a more than half a bottle mouthful – but tasting it after more than seven months is like tasting the heaven itself.
“What?”
…or when I’ll finally get more free time to update more frequently :/
Of course, Cas answers with his own tilting head and confused look. “What 007 level?”
decision. My wicked self is only using the privileges that I have, to affect your rationality and do what my greedy soul wants. This is not a proposition from a good-will man. I am anything but that.” His eyes start to bury again in my soul as I’m left once again speechless.
. This guy is acting like he doesn’t even have an omega in front of him and he’s not an alpha. It’s like we are just Dean and…
? But the second sentence that follows, I ask it out loud incredulously. “What do you mean by free?”
. They all only need an omega who can satisfy their pervert needs and why not, also be their personal maids and punching bags when they feel like it.
. Only this once, I’ll do what your wicked self wants me to.”
About a million years later, we’re finally done and almost passed out on our own couches. Gabriel wearingly gets up from it moments later and tiredly say “I don’t know how you slept on that couch last night, Deanno, but I sure as hell won’t spend another minute on this muscle destroying monster. Go talk to Cas to give you a better bed than that.” Then, he drags himself to the same room he went to puke into and closes the door. Probably a room with a bathroom there. Unless he chose that floor to puke on.
Cas gets even more red if that’s possible – most likely from embarrassment this time though – and points to the door I previously seen before rushing out of the room. So
I just love Gabriel's chaotic energy and the brothers' bickering:)
puke on the floor and made his greatest fear still become true. Actually, doubling it, since Gabriel did it too. Yay! “After I cleaned you up the best I could, I dragged you both to the couches, where you slept until now,” He sighs, frowning in annoyance at me. “Of course, I cleaned up the puke, but I do expect both of you to deal with the rest of the mess.”
Though I don't plan to focus on other ships here, it'd nice as background or other fic part of this series :)
Cas looks confusingly back and forth at us though, definitely not understanding the dick’s outburst. He then says disappointedly “Dick, you used to be more restrained than today; even if I knew that you do not support my mentality, I never thought that you will get to this point.”
Thank you for reading and see you in the next chapter!
“How the hell do you know my name?” Not like all the demons probably know me already, but I must get as much information as I can.
Only for him to do his
voice. Damn him. But then, he’s tilting his head and squinting his eyes like some tentative of confusedness at what’s happening here.
Passing by a collar shop, Cas breaks the silence again. “Would you like a new collar? That one does not seem that comfortable and we should have one with our names on it in case of anything.”
Author note:
I manage to open my teary eyes slightly and see his angry face above me, his neck wound not even bleeding at all anymore. “How do you think you escaped Hell, Dean? Do you believe yourself to be such a righteous man to deserve the sweet breeze of liberation? No, Dean. I dragged you out of perdition, but just as well I can create a new Hell, right here with me.” He calms a little. “Of course, we can avoid that as long as you realize that I am the only one you need. The reason you draw another breath. The purpose to want to live another day. Only
“There’s a storage room here! Throw him inside until he calms down. There’s enough space to feel like a trapped rat if we lock him up a few hours there.”
Unfortunately, my thoughts keep getting interrupted by that nutcase who's still shooting up his poppycock in the background. “He’s out of control! I’ve never seen an omega acting like that! You’ve taken him from the center, right? How useless could the people from there be, to not educate this savage at all?” From where does this son a bitch get so much energy to scream is beyond me. He’s the one actually acting like an ‘uneducated savage’ this moment, not me. My headache is definitely back and even Cas doesn’t seem to get any chance to say anything else back to him anymore – the poor guy just looks lost at a wall.
Unexpectedly, Cas frowns to him and even answers “Are you really suffering so much for a reaction from me, brother? We both know that these are not your true feelings, so please do not lie to Dean because of that.”
.” The fact that I’m keeping a stable voice during my speech still amazes me. He doesn’t seem convinced though, but I make my way into his room nonetheless and approach his queen bed. “Do you have a preferred side?” I try to ask him, but since he still looks lost in his world, I raise my voice “Cas! Choose. Side.”
He keeps following me through the house at a somehow medium pace, probably scared that he’ll have to clean the floors again from puke if I stir my stomach too much. “You will definitely puke, Dean. At least do it before you get an indigestion.”
“This smells amazing.” Cas suddenly says right next to me, startling me.
I manage to regain my power a little and kick him into his stomach. But for some reason this hurts me more than it fazes him. “You… Shouldn’t you be an angel?” I manage to say between harshly breaths. “You should protect us… Take care of us… Not hurting me!”
head. If someone would’ve told me yesterday that I’ll go shopping with an alpha without putting even the smallest fight and help him carry shopping bags while walking alongside him without a care in the world, I would’ve smacked the crap out of him.
Dick deflates a little at this, but when he sees Cas handling me the papers, he returns to his initial soreness. “Don’t tell me that this omega stole your mind after whoring for you? You should be aware that you’re not the first and definitely not the last person to be deceived by these kinds of omega tricks!”
That’s right. I finally escaped Hell somehow and ended up back in the land of the living. I found a store to get supplies and this is where everything stopped making any sense.
The last thing I remember before ending up in this empty weird room is a deafening static sound and the broken glass.
gave this consent to anyone. No matter how much they tortured me, even when I was a black-market slave, I never gave up on the only freedom I was left with.
Of course, I must also give my own parting words to him. “Too bad it’s the last time you come here, right? It must be hard to suck it up, but you need to realize that your services are not satisfying at all! You need to stop being so cocky!” I scream after him, while he madly stomps his way out of the house. “His parents must’ve really liked dicks to name him like that.” I say mockingly, while Cas is keeping his forever confused look.
than a sleepover.
where I cracked.
“You are not a dick, Dean. Dick is a dick.”
“Cas!” I suddenly interrupt his burst of panic, since he’s the one seeming on the verge of a panic attack now. “I’m okay now. It just… happens… sometimes?”
. So, I
“Dude, if this is what kills me, then I win!” I respond proudly.
So, I struggle even more, though I still have no chance against his strength. He only squeezes hard the back of my thigh in warning, and during my desperate whimper, I can feel his free hand holding my waist and something huge and hard pressing on my hole, then going slowly inside more and more.
to him this moment. Like every word that I’m going to say is the only thing that will matter to him.
Suddenly I see Gabriel playfully punching Cas’s shoulder. “Come on, your turn to ask him.”
I realize that we are actually so similar. None of us is acting as we should and he also seems to hate this world. A world that right now is giving me disgusting looks. Well, not the whole world, but some alpha here and there is making my skin crawl. A guy is even licking his lips. How I wish to give them a lesson and punch those stupid arrogant faces.
While I wallow in self-pity, I hear Cas grimly answering. “After I went to my room and tried to go to sleep, I was suddenly awakened by two horrible voices trying to sing K-pop songs. You both didn’t even know the lyrics, yet you still insisted on making those terrible sounds.” I cringe as well when I hear that, since even if I have no problems with my horrible singing voice and love annoying people with it, I still feel sorry for Cas going through that in the middle of night.
the problem for getting so emotional over hearing something that I’ve been waiting to hear for so long and showing it to him.
So, I don’t say anything. I only stay there with my head bowed trying not to cry.
Another thing that's going to be talked about more will be Dean's dissociation.
, since it was the last time I saw them).
“Are you even an alpha?” She suddenly yells angrily.
Once they throw me there, I realize that I really am like a trapped rat now. Actually, not a rat. A
“No?”
“Karen wanna talk to you.” That’s all I say before I put the phone on speaker.
“Dean, you will get sick,” He approaches me, now noticing even more empty packages and his face getting more troubled by the second. “You need to puke them.”
once again; only for my vision to clear to a Cas being held against the wall by one of them and another on ground after being pushed by me opening the door.
“So that guy is not causing you trouble or anything?” He’s a little calmer now, but still reluctant.
’s the one that did something bad. He probably notices the suspicion on my face and plays the avoidance game again. “This is what I meant by her dating the boss.”
Right now, I’m showing off my dancing moves in the rhythm of one of my favorite songs – Eye Of The Tiger. In the kitchen. Climbed on the counter. While Cas is probably thinking that I’ve gone insane. Well, he was the one who taught me how to use this Alexa box thing. It was a present from Gabe, of course, but since he told me that he doesn’t use it anyway, I took it upon myself to not let it catch dust anymore and use it for playing the greatest hits of all time on it.
“So, you’re saying that you even hate your family?” It’s my turn now to tilt my head, even though I know this feeling. I also hate my mother for what she did to us and will never forgive her for abandoning us.
pies now, after this weird shit.
Not being able to take it anymore, I suddenly stop and scream in his face. “I fucking loathe it! It not only looks idiotic, but whenever I try to check your stupid
omega. I have nothing more to say. Goodbye.”
It looks like this is the perfect thing to say, since the very next moment Cas tries to copy my moves, while looking like a very worn-out Robocop doing his last movements before his battery finally dies. That trench coat is definitely
“Oh– No, I will turn it off…. It is okay now.” He hurries to do just that and gets into bed on the furthest side of it. We’re laying so far from each other that I don’t even sense that little warmness I felt while we sat on the couch. “Good night, Dean. Thank you.”
. They didn’t even try to tie me. They wanted to fuck the finally
This is the first thing I realize as I slowly wake up.
Cas pales that moment, starting to panic even worse. “But that is dangerous, Dean! You will get sick again if you keep doing this.”
lived his whole life however he wanted and is missing on something like this? “This is unacceptable, Cas. When we get back, I shall teach you the ways of music.”
From the first moment I wake up and try to open my eyes, I only feel intense pain everywhere on my body – especially my head feels like it’s a few seconds away from exploding.
Since I kept my speechless and stunned face the whole time, Charlie finally sighs and tells me earnestly. “Take care of Cas, will ya? I have great expectations from you, Dean!” Her eyes get amused that moment. “I usually tell omegas to take care of themselves first, but you’re too badass for that!” She quickly turns around and waves a hand while leaving. “Keep it up! See ya!”
coffin before. Ever since I’ve been sold on the black market, I’ve been thrown from alpha to alpha. Endured every punishment, but since I didn’t satisfy their pervert needs of submissiveness, they all eventually gave up and sold me to the next one. This is where I started to dissociate. It helped me get through every punishment and not crack. But there was
His reaction to my outburst is still so annoyingly calm that I want to punch him all over again. “I
I decided to choose a horror documentary named
His face remains passive, like this is something he heard his whole life, though it’s like I can see a flash of hurt in his eyes that he tries to keep it away from me. “Is this related to my first comment that shocked you so much, Dean?” Asshole. He needs to press that wound until it bleeds, huh?
We’ll find out soon enough anyway.
Has this guy lived on the moon? But I’m even more determined now. I’m gonna make a man out of this guy even if it’s the last thing I’ll ever do. “Didn’t you say that you’re gonna steal my heart? You can’t do that if you don’t have moves, man! Follow my lead!”
. Although I still have no idea how can this sex-on-legs guy can also be so cute with those squeezy cheeks, but so clueless and confusing while carrying the alpha gene. Another of life’s great mysteries, I guess?
“Well, my family did not agree with me staying so far away from humanity, so this was the only compromise I got.” I don’t understand why an alpha like him would want something like this, but I’m no longer in the mood to ask him about it either, since I suddenly realize that my guard is completely down. Actually, ever since I met Cas, for some reason I can’t bring myself to be wary around him. Especially when I see him looking so lost and unreliable in this store, where he probably shopped dozens of times already.
So, I give her my amused comeback. “Where are your angels, then?”
“What was the most embarrassing thing that happened to you lately?” I ask.
omega for a life of complete freedom. Fuck yes, I’m in it! Though, I try to let my excitement die down since I know that there must be a trick. Who knows what kind of kinky activities is this guy into?
Garth looks back at me confused, but a little amused and shrugs. “You really like to run away from people who try to say nice things to you, don’t you?”
A few minutes after he leaves, the person I wanted to talk to, Garth, comes into my room looking just as ruffled as I was when that guy first opened his mouth.
This should make me happy though. I finally meet an alpha that
Welp. It seems that is not that easily to distract Cas’s attention when it comes to stuff like this. “You
“How can the music flow there? It does not make any sense.” Cas says while waving his rusty robotic hands in the air. This guy has a lot of work to do.
Garth’s speech leaves me at a loss of words, but besides the strange warmth spreading inside, I also feel sorry for the guy.
Cas interrupts my thoughts then, continuing about Gabriel. “I have no idea what he is thinking, but he cares a lot about the people around him… I think?” Cas starts frowning then, seeming a little taken aback himself about what he just said.
different; the different kind that keeps pulling me toward you.”
I also probably want to avoid some blue sad puppy eyes going my way as well.
I shake my head and find my baggage that Cas probably brought here himself to take out some change clothes. There are simple ones given by the center, but still better than what I’m wearing. Must be a miracle that I haven’t puked on them.
There was no way to escape that house since it was full of servants, but fortunately, I could figure out the address where I was being held from some delivery boxes left in that room. And remembering the fact that the black-market omega trafficking is illegal, for the first time I decided that my only way out is by calling the
omega’ and using that deep enraged voice gives me shivers down my spine.
There are also special luxury rooms, where the alpha can ‘try’ an omega before buying him. Unfortunately, lots of alpha scums want to
He seems to consider it a little, then sighs and nods unhappily though. “I see, Dean. If that is your wish, I will not meddle into this any further. But if you were to change your mind someday, I do know a doctor that I have a lot of trust in, and I have the feeling that you would like her as well.” Seeing that my only reaction is a bored shrug he continues. “But we should do something about that, though. Also, about your dissociation.” I do startle a little when I hear that. “We can try some home remedies and recommendations that I found on the internet. Nothing invasive or uncomfortable, of course. Would you like to at least hear about them?”
A warm mouth engulfs my cock and it goes up and down relentlessly, forcing me to get even harder and widening the hole in my stomach that only increases my desperation even more.
Unlike Cas, she seems to catch my reference and happily laughs at it, but her response is unexpected. “You’re living with one, right now.”
Like I could answer that
Which will happen next chapter.
“I see. Is this an endearing term that you have decided to use for me? Though I believe that our relationship is in a too early stage for that. But if this is a wish of yours, I have nothing else to say against it.” Now he’s babbling as fast as he can, probably not knowing how to react, while trying to wear a stoic face. Even this is
. I try to calm myself down, since in the end it’s not Cas’s fault, so I only shrug and follow him into the store. He asks the lady from there for the most comfortable ones they have (even if he seems anything but comfortable being here), but I simply point to a random one and get out of the store, leaving Cas alone again.
He freezes at my words, but finally lets out a small nod.
“It is ugly, but looking good on you, Dean.” Cas admits while
omega alone.”
“Dean, is this what you find attractive in a man?” Cas asks in a serious tone, but still a little concerned.
“Want to grab a milkshake?” I suddenly hear a voice and turn to see some sad blue eyes looking my way. “Gabriel always said that sweets make sad people happy.”
“Don’t ask me, man. I have no idea what that guy is thinking and probably wouldn’t understand it even if he were to tell me. Even his coworkers call him an
“What do you mean by smooth, Dean? People usually say something about me being ‘rough around the edges’, not ‘smooth’.” Cas says while empathizing with his air quotes. “Which one am I?” Now he’s cutely tilting his head. This guy will be the death of me if he keeps up with all these
, even if I was pretty smashed in those moments. When I used to live alone with my dad, whenever he had to leave for longer periods of time, I used suppressants to be able to drink in bars and make-out with people. But I’m completely sure that I’ve never met someone like Cas before, since I’d definitely taken him
? Some of my strength is failing once I start registering those words and they use this opportunity to drag me to a very small closet, probably used to store cleaning utensils.
“Holy Mother of Jesus! Dean! Is that you, man?” He definitely seems to be happy to hear me though.
“Since when are the pets allowed on the furniture, Mr. Novak?”
And this is the second moment of this weird day when I’m being left speechless with only one sentence inside my mind. What the
“Would you like to accompany me tomorrow after work to buy some clothes and other utilities you might need?” Cas breaks my sightseeing with his unsure voice. I look to him, but he seems like he found some very interesting spot on the wall that he needs to focus on. He looks just like someone asking for a prom date–
?” Because it’s the color of my fucking
omega like me.
She seems startled but quickly recovers. “My name’s not Karen, brat!” She turns her attention to Cas and lowers her voice now. “Hello. Is this the owner of this rude omega boy?”
“Why would you need to check my–
Only then, I realize the words that Garth said.
Now that I look better, his eyes are becoming a warmer blue under the light of the sun. Thankfully, I snap out my cheesy thoughts pretty quickly and shrug. “Was expecting a great Novak like you to have a fortress with an army at the entrance. Didn’t expect such a family house instead.”
I let go of his hand now. “Hey, Cas…” I still have my back turned to him while I try to speak out some words that I never thought I’ll ever use them again, especially addressed to an alpha. “Thanks… And sorry… you know… for being a dick and everything.” Damn, my whole face is definitely tomato red.
I try to slip out my hand slowly, but just as before he easily wakes up and tightens it instead. How can this guy even sleep at night with this kind of sensitivity? “Good morning, Dean.” He sleepily smiles at me and this fills my heart with warmness. I really am a sucker for his smiles. “How are you feeling?”
. Well, not exactly his jacket and the color seems to differ a little, but its design looks exactly like the one dad used to wear during the time we lived together. I finally wore it myself after I escaped with Benny and also retrieved the Impala from Bobby. That old man threw the jacket at me and told me to take good care of both. Of course, I
He did. “Is it alright if I carry you, Dean?” His voice sounds like he’s outside of the ocean I’m sinking right now, but it strangely sounds reassuring to me.
I shrug, but the reminder brings the big lump in my throat back. “Looks like my father’s.” I softly whisper, but Cas immediately looks for my size and gives it to me to try it on.
. I really am the worst of the worst. I’m treating like this a person who spent a whole night taking care and being worried shitless for an ungrateful son of a bitch like me. My whole life I thought that the alphas are the biggest trash out there, but what about me? When I finally meet a weird nice alpha, why is my first instinct to snap at him for everything?
He seems confused again. “I do not play, Dean. I am too old for that.”
Well, that’s unexpectedly
. I need to focus. In front of me is a spoiled stuck-up alpha who grew up surrounded by people who kissed the ground he stepped on ever since birth. A sadistic bastard who’s only here to try to tame me and use me.
We finally get to his car but it’s definitely not what I expected to see. I kinda got the feeling that Cas is not so much into the luxurious life, but haven’t expected this rundown Lincoln to look back at us. It even has the color of Cas’s trench coat which makes me question just how obsessed Cas must be with it.
“Hmm.” Garth continues pensively. “Maybe he is, you know. Just as there are cheeky omegas like you, there definitely must be nice alphas as well.”
My disturbing thoughts are interrupted by Garth, who appears at the door and asks if I’m ready. I didn’t have much things to pack anyway and my hands were already working on autopilot during my contemplation, so I was almost done.
This is actually nothing new to me. It has been happening for a few years now. Even before the dissociation itself. Garth told me that it’s called sleep paralysis, but it’s worse than any dissociation I’ve ever had. At least, during my dissociative episodes, I can somehow move and I’ve been able to break through some of them with enough willpower. But the sleep paralyses are the worst. I’ve never been able to break through one, since from what I understood, the brain itself is half asleep and the muscles are locked. Though the worst part is the shit I see and hear during that. I know that nothing is real, but it’s still a disturbing experience.
“Because this is my wish, Dick.” Cas answers, seeming out of patience already, even though that guy hasn’t been here for more than two minutes.
. I was at their mercy. For the first time in my life, I actually thought that they would leave me there to die. No dissociation could help me from escaping the only destiny I was left with.
He seems out of breath and deep tremors are running through his body – though I can’t be sure if they’re his or mine – still he keeps trying to talk to me and his deep soothing voice, the gentle rocking, his calming scent and his warm broad back end up to slowly lull me into a light sleep. The next moment I realize that Cas is slowly detaching me from his back and gently lowering me into the passenger seat, feeling the seatbelt being buckled around me.
So, I try to say anything only to stop my brain from thinking of
. I can still hear the snickers outside, but my whole body is closing up. I can’t breathe and see only darkness. I end up trembling on the ground in a fetal position. There’s no escape. This is where I finally die. And I feel like death is a sweeter way to go, than going through hours and hours of this constant purgatory.
Cas suddenly slams his fists on the table, making havoc on the remaining documents. “Enough is enough, Dick!” Now he
Suddenly we hear steps approaching us and a half-dead Gabriel walking to the couch. “I’m dyingggg!” He tries to scream dramatically, but his voice fails, so he throws himself back on the couch face down.
But before taking a step away from the couch, Gabriel says “Choose truth, Cas. Do you really love Dean?”
At least until a certain moment in time, when we both had enough alcohol and my memory got foggy from then on.
“Cas!” It’s my turn now to interrupt his erratic way of thinking. “I’m peachy. No need to go all momma hen on me. I’m also
I hope I did justice to the sleep paralysis part since it never happened to me and only used internet as a reference :/ Same as the dissociations and fear of touching parts. But I always wanted to try writing about them after seeing them in other stories and wanted to try treating them as respectfully as I could. Though, the claustrophobia part was relatable to me. How can everything be so horrifying and fascinating at the same time is beyond me:/
Garth seems to be a little taken back by my outburst, but since he’s used with my behavior, he recovers quickly and adds “You know, I always feel scared when alphas are visiting you. We try to keep you safe as best as we can, but there are alphas out there so strong that even you won’t be able to escape their wrath that easily, Dean.”
After cleaning the floor and giving me some medicine, (now realizing that I never took so many pills as I did these two days) Cas stares at my miserable form holding my stomach and lying on the patient couch (I’ll call it that from now on, since I keep using it during my sufferings). He does have a reproachful look, but it’s weirdly mostly mixed with worriedness, and the way he carefully draped the soft blanket over me made me feel a bit guilty.
“What happened last night?” And there he goes. I did feel a little proud of him for containing it so long, but this seems to be his limit. Of course, he also sucks at filtering his words as always and needs to hit where it hurts directly with no warning. Would it kill him to be a little more roundabout about stuff like this?
He suddenly stops and removes his fingers, though I’m aware of what’s about to happen especially hearing the sound of his zipper getting undone.
But I can’t seem to be able to refuse Cas. It’s not about dominance since he’s anything but that. He’s like… a puppy. A puppy that you expect to show sad eyes if you are to refuse him. So, I just go along with him, since I can’t even feel like I’d lose anything if I help him out here.
it. He saw that he got through me. He now knows what makes my blood burn. Even I didn’t know that for fuck’s sake! If other shitty alpha told me this, I would simply make fun of him and he’d be the one pissed off, not me.
Also, the hating of mornings speech was all mine. I don’t know how morning people do it, but everything is horrible during that time and I don’t know why they keep insisting on talking with me during those exact moments. They have the whole rest of the day for it! :))
give delusional vibes to me as well, but I do agree with him that the way to a man’s heart is by giving him pies, burgers or anything that destroys the stomach but feeds the heart!” I say, while solemnly touching my chest.
“When the hell freezes over!” I suddenly shout, trying to keep distance from an approaching Cas. “My body shall not reject this piece of heaven that finally made its way through it!” I dramatically proclaim, feeling like a warrior who’s about to be attacked by the enemy. That’s right. Cas is the enemy and he shall not prevail!
she look into me? It’s not like my info is one click away or something.” I mumble, starting to wonder what their jobs actually are. Gabe said that he has a normal job, but who knows what a normal job means to these guys.
He finally stares into my eyes then. “I have never met anyone like you, Dean. You
“Not exactly hate. More like… they are dicks” He then looks into my eyes, probably to see my reaction.
“Are you not usually relaxed when you watch a movie? Why would you need to specify that?”
Oh well, till the next chapter I guess :)
I try to keep a smile during Garth’s story, though I realize that this is the last time I’ll ever hear him talking to me like this. The moment he sees my face dropping though, he asks for a paper and pen.
. I can deny it how much I want, but this is a definitely a crush. Though my pride is too strong to let me admit that to him. At least not yet. Before getting Cas worried again that I’ve retired in my own world, I change the subject. “Dunno… Hey how about I cook tomorrow? I’m kinda tired of eating the same thing every day.” Well, it’s not like I don’t appreciate Cas for cooking after a long day at work and not even asking for my help, but he’s not exactly that… good at it. He only does easy recipes, with almost no diversity. Even the taste is kinda bland. Though, this is a big jump from the impersonal cooking I used to eat at the center or sometimes the starving when I lived with alphas.
“An extremely weird wish, I might add,” The guy – Dick (fitting name) points wildly at me. “All those benefits just for this omega? What would your father think if he were to find out that you’re succumbing to the wishes of such an inferior being?” I can definitely feel my hangover headaches coming back now.
