"Shut up, Legolas," Tony said, landing Steve and analyzing the situation. "Yeah, we're really having quite a spanking.”
“It's an investment of two hundred million dollars in renewable energy.”
"We aren't on our way to the police station because I need to know where I'm getting into."
Tony took a sip of coffee and continued looking outside without really seeing. He found himself thinking about what Steve had said about that being a new start for both of them. What were the chances, after all, of both of them having gone through near-death experiences and returning to live, with all the reasons why such experiences were linked to them having almost succeeded in killing each other because they were too stupid to admit that they never hated each other, but actually that they have always loved each other? Tony laughed through his nose and took another sip of his coffee.
wake up,” Tony managed to say.
"Tony's right," Steve interrupted. "If you have important tests tomorrow, you must rest.”
Did he still
Tony smiled mentally.
With a heavy sigh, Steve allowed himself to sit beside Wanda to wait for the others.
"We're finishing things out here," Tony said without much fanfare and Steve was extremely grateful. For a little while. “Soon we go out for our weekend together.”
Peter turned red.
Tony smiled with one of Steve’s nipples between his teeth. “I'd call you out about your language, darling, but right now? Right now I don't give a fuck.” Tony stopped for a second and raised his head enough to look at Steve. “Actually, I'll give you the best of fucks.”
Tony would have choked again if his whiskey wasn’t over.
"Steve? Are you still there?" Natasha's voice was strange, as if she was choking on something.
“Well, according to Urich, he didn’t need to publish that information to ruin me because I would ruin myself, after all, apparently, this was what happened to people like me,” Tony said, remembering the conversation he watched between him and Ben Urich, recorded by his office security system. Tony laughed through his nose, but the sound was like a sad moan. “Thinking about it now, I wonder if that wasn’t a dark prophecy.”
Tony thought with a huge smile.
“Talking to you was like waking up in a dream,” Steve said. “You were still wearing the armor, that old one.”
"I'm just tired," he admitted.
“60, boss. All armed.”
"We will not get anywhere talking here," Sam said, taking flight to the ground. "Let's take it all and take it to the Compound.”
“So what?” Tony was nervous about what was about to come, but the curiosity to know what Steve had thought of the sincerest monologue Tony had ever done, dedicated to his best friend’s lifeless body, was much greater.
He allowed himself to look discreetly at Steve, who was driving home in silence, but his calm, neutral facade was belied by a pulsating vein in his neck and clenched jaw. Tony looked away to see the Boston landscape through the window. He would do anything to make up for that first failure. He had been sent here for a reason: he was the best. He had a reputation and would prove that it wasn’t in vain.
Tony swallowed. There it was. So that’s where the hoax ended, isn’t it? Because up to that point they were simply pretending that everything was fine, that they were still friends, that nothing had changed. But everything was different. Everything had been turned upside down. Nothing was as it was before and Steve remembered.
Tony breathed audibly, holding back a moan.
“Will you meet me at the lab later?” Bruce asked Tony.
When Tony realized, Steve was kneeling in front of him, looking at him with those hypnotic blue eyes, full of expectation, love and devotion. Steve was loving him, simply leaving behind all the mistakes and pain and showing Tony that this was, in fact, the start of them together for real. Steve loved him. He wouldn’t be smiling, kneeling there, unbuckling Tony’s belt if he didn’t love him, right?
“The outside has been assembled with parts from Hydra and Hammer Industries, I imagine for strength and stability,” Friday said. “The rest of the internal technology is A.I.M.'s used to amplify the power of the reactor.”
The door opened with a hiss and Tony entered the vault, holding the box under his arm. There were no shelves or any surface on which he could place the box, so it would have to be on the floor anyway. Tony walked to the middle of the vault, crouched down, placed the box on the floor more carefully than he intended and stood up.
“What am I to
“My analysis has not yet identified an agent, sir. But, if I may, your symptoms arose after you placed Dr. Strange’s box in the vault.”
“Will it do any good if I deny it?” Tony smirked.
Steve blew out audibly. “Thank God, Tony. You worried me,” but he frowned. “But that doesn’t explain why you just remember things that happened over a year ago.”
Tony took a breath. “Know that everything I’m going to tell you now has also been told to me. I can’t say with one hundred percent certainty that it all happened just like that. But I trust the people who gave me that information.” Tony shrugged.
Dignity was the last thing Tony had yet to lose completely. Yet.
“What did I do to deserve you?” Tony asked, taking Steve's helmet off, and running his fingers through his hair.
“Besides,” Tony said. “We're going to Queens. It's Peter's territory. Let's ask the boy's support.”
Steve smiled. “As you said, we're off duty. So here I’m just Steve.”
By the reflection of the window glass, he saw Steve smiling, holding the coffee mug Tony had brought for him. “I’m sorry.”
” Tony asked, and Steve knew he was holding on to not seem exasperated.
Tony fought the urge to go to the other side and hug him, comfort him, say that everything was fine now, that Steve was at home, that Tony was there with him, that Tony would protect him this time. Having Steve being so honest, sincere and vulnerable did things to Tony’s heart that Tony hadn’t allowed himself to feel for a long time.
Tony managed not to scream. “Besides, even if we had, she could never have been eighteen. You've been off the ice for a little over a decade. Do you realize how none of this makes sense?”
Steve wet his lips, still unsure of what to say, unable to take his eyes off the beauty that was Tony. All of him, not just a part. It was mesmerizing. “I see you.” Steve ended up saying, in a distant, dreamy voice. “And I love you whole.”
“I didn't want it to be ... well, in my head, if we were
Steve looked back at him and Tony was surprised by the intensity. That was new.
But the way Steve hugged him, the things they said to each other, the way their hearts were opened and exposed, completely vulnerable, the way the both left all their armor outside (literally and figuratively), and allowed themselves to be just them, that couldn’t have been in vain.
“You're very welcome,” Steve said beside Tony.
"No," Bucky said. "But we've just finished with the dragon. We can help you search. Where exactly are you?”
“I assure myself.”
“Unconscious, but breathing. Stable vital signs. No serious injury.”
Steve stopped talking and stared at Tony with wide eyes. “You weren’t there.”
Tony held Steve’s face in his hands. “What did I do to make you love me so much?”
"That with the windows was you?" Steve asked, coming down the stairs, also barefoot and without his coat.
"Do as you would in one of your dreams." Tony sat up, took off Steve's shirt he was wearing, and hugged Steve’s neck. "Here, now. Make me scream your name.”
"In your story you said you had a boyfriend," Tony tried not to look too excited. "What did you mean, you had a boyfriend?"
Natasha just shrugged.
Come on, fuck me good, babe. Make me come like I never came before.”
"We all want it, dear.”
All this was less than a muffled noise for Natasha, who now watched the rest of the girl's face. It wasn’t possible, was it? It shouldn’t be, but the golden hair, shoulder-cut, soft and silky, the perfectly drawn mouth, and symmetrical, delicate features said otherwise. In addition, there was the characteristic, languid and powerful fighting style, one of the only ones that could effectively defeat Natasha in a fair fight. And all this was crowned with powerful energetic beams, probably lethal if she wanted them to be, which were thrown by her hands in the most characteristic position of the world, the most copied among the children who were fans of the Avengers and who one day dreamed of becoming superheroes.
“All right, relax. No need to stress. Here,” he reached out and picked up a red, white and blue popsicle, the only reference to the holiday at the party, and handed it to Tony. “Take a popsicle and chill, okay?”
“If I had a box just for wishes
Tony walked over to meet them halfway and looked at Peter's hands, joined in front of his body by a pair of handcuffs that were clearly attached too tightly to the boy's fists, with the skin around them red and stuffed. Tony looked at Rhodes very seriously. "Get these things out of him." Rhodes looked at Tony as if to apologize, but he pulled a bunch of keys out of his pocket and freed Peter from the handcuffs. The boy rubbed his aching fists, and looked at Tony. "Thank you, Detective," Tony said, taking Peter’s backpack from Rhode’s hands. "We’ll talk again soon, I hope."
"How many times do you have to listen that you look amazing on anything you wear?" Steve finally looked into Tony's eyes.
," he must have made a face of panic or something, because Tony came over and put a hand on his shoulder and looked at him. Steve noticed the difference in height between them, the difference of a head, but it was ideal ... for something Steve couldn't name.
"Do it," Tony said.
Maybe it was when they first met and fought Loki and saved the world together for the first time and became best friends.
Tony felt the tears return. It had been a long time since he had allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of someone else (the last time that had happened, as far as he knew, was for Steve’s body). Tony had waited so long for that moment, waited so long for Steve to come back and prove that all the horrible news he had read was a lie. And now, when he received much more than he had asked for, when all of his biggest dreams, even the most secret ones, came true, he knew it was too much. He should already know that good things like that didn’t happen to him.
Tony shook his head, his gaze lost somewhere far away.
Tony's heart missed a beat.
Clint narrowed his eyes menacingly and pointed his finger at Tony.
“Damn it, Tony.” Steve was panting and Tony could’ve sworn he could come just hearing Steve talking like that. “Maybe another day.” Steve smiled and Tony smiled back at the prospect of another day.
, esteeming him as if he was something of great value that deserved all the care, Tony finally felt something that he thought wasn't possible. He felt free.
“You can.”
“What is it?” Tony asked.
"I went there to help Pepper solve some Stark Industries affairs.”
Steve opened his eyes immediately and stared at him.
They went up the steps that led to the front door, Steve unlocked it and they entered. It was late afternoon, and the house was dark. Steve stepped in first and went on to turn on the living room and kitchen lights as he passed through the rooms. Tony realized that he didn't open the curtains.
“Thanks, Mr. Stark.”
Tony shook his head.
Tony didn’t understand. Then he dropped his hands to his sides and faced Steve. Looking at him was like being punched in the stomach and wanting to repeat the experience. It was beautiful and suffocating. Perfect enough to hurt.
"That-That's still
Steve shook his head.
Tony thought suddenly.
Tony was startled. He took too long; he was too slow and now Steve was there. He didn’t turn around, but he was alert, paying attention to the sounds Steve was making, deliberately loud, so Tony would know where he was, what he was doing, where he was going. They both knew that if Steve wanted to, he could be quieter than a shadow.
Steve called again. Tony turned to him and now both eyebrows were raised. “Don't push it.”
"Thank God, Nat. I need you."
“Did you manage to relive the day we found you in the Arctic?”
"We'll have time when you get back," Steve said somewhere in the middle of Tony's hair.
THE END
Sam approached the ship and forced the transparent lid down, which closed with a click. However, a single click was enough to detonate the chaos. As if waiting for the right moment as well, the young woman, who had hitherto been unconscious in the fountain, leaning on the stone ledge, rose in an incredibly agile jump to someone in that condition. She had her back to Natasha and was facing Clint and Vision, her fists clenched and in perfect strike position, her back straight and her breathing controlled.
“The longer we stay here, the less weekend we will have.”
Liz nodded.
Steve collected the plates and cutlery and put them in the dishwasher, went to one of the cupboards, took a bottle, two glasses and went back to his place on the island.
My love has flown away
“Call Natasha and put the call on speaker.”
“Tony?” Steve called, wiping a tear from Tony’s face. “Tony, look at me.”
An entire chapter by Tony's POV.
Tony opened his eyes first, not because he was the morning person there - no, that was always Steve’s role - but he was lying facing the big window that took over almost the entire right wall of the room, and the rays of the sun completely hit his face.
And he didn’t regret it at all.
of good things, when, in fact, you are the best of all things, Tony.”
"I still can’t believe you had to win this party at a poker game," Natasha laughed.
"And what do we have, anyway?" Natasha asked.
"Steve."
“Sudden?” Sam approached. “What does that mean?”
"And now let's see if all this worked." Tony shook the folded sheet between them.
He was sitting at the corner of one of the huge sofas, without his coat, his shirt sleeves rolled up to the crook of his arm, and no tie, leaning against Steve, who had one of his arms around Tony. At some point last night, they both fell asleep there, with Tony using Steve's shoulder as a pillow. The engineer gave a slight kiss on the bend of the soldier's neck, where his nose had bumped, slowly moved away, taking care that Steve didn’t wake up and stood there watching him sleep.
Steve laughed and gave Tony a quick kiss.
"The basics I learned from my mother when I was little. I think she knew how important it was that I knew how to do a little about everything,” Steve lifted his fork and ate the piece of steak, savoring it. “After leaving the ice I took the free time to try new things and here we are.”
“Mine.”
Steve heard himself shout. The world was closing in on him.
good.
"But Captain Rogers' party is only tomorrow, boss.”
Tony swore to himself that he would leave Steve alone, that he would wait until he tried to get in touch. Tony told himself, returning from Steve’s apartment the night before weeping, like a helpless child, that he wouldn’t do anything like that again.
"Where do you wanna get?" Steve's eyes were half closed, suspicious.
"Do you think the Wolmurs might have something to do with this?" Peter's eyes were wide. "But they left the city."
“What happens now? What happens when we decide to leave here and face the world outside?” Tony turned his face away and listened to Steve’s heartbeat, amazed at the perfection with which he fit every curve of Steve’s body, ecstatic that they were halves of each other.
“Oh, my sweet Jesus.” Steve said in a low, shaky voice.
"Thank you, Wanda." Steve kissed her cheek. "Come on, they're waiting.”
"Yes, we can," Steve said and the two started walking side by side in silence, towards to the entrance of the police station and the group of reporters. Just before they were noticed, Steve stopped, turning to look at Tony.
“Great. Access the sound system and prepare the music. I'll warn Natasha and find Steve.”
“You have got to be kidding me.”
“You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. I could draw you now, just like that.” Steve stroked Tony’s face and let his hand go down his arm, until he reached Tony’s hand, which he held, brought to his lips and kissed with adoration. “But I would never be able to put on paper all your nuances, all your complexity, all your beauty, all your perfection, Tony. Nothing I try to do will do you justice.”
Steve smiled kindly and wiped an insolent tear that was streaming down Tony’s face, and that corroded Tony inside. “It’s already gone. It’s over.” Steve squeezed Tony’s arms lightly, reaffirming that everything was fine. “I died and came back. You have lost part of your memory, the most painful, according to yourself. It seems obvious what we have to do here.”
Let's see how our two dear ones will go through the next chapter.
Steve nodded, hesitant. “Okay.”
"Because I know I'll never lose you again, and I don’t need to hurry anymore."
Tony realized that Steve was thoughtful, lost in his own ideas, while preparing ... well, while preparing whatever it was. But he couldn't bear to stay in a house with two introspective people. As Peter had said, Steve needed to talk. And Tony loved to talk. Well, only with those who suited him. And Steve was someone who suited him a lot.
Tony allowed himself a heavy sigh before realizing that the room was not yet completely empty. He looked around and raised his eyebrows at the other heroes still present.
But Tony always knew that he should have been there.
“Well, one simple way of saying it is: two Earth planets, of different dimensions, go on a collision course. One of them will survive the impact. The other won't.”
Steve kissed Tony's face. Tony closed his eyes and let himself be lost there for a few seconds. As Steve stepped back, he smiled the most loving smile Tony had ever seen.
"I know that his head, that his life, turned inside out in less time than anyone would consider possible," Steve said placing a cutting board on the island and placing an eggplant there to slice it. "But I wish there was a way to reach him right now, you know? I wish there was a way to show him that he’s not alone and that this isn’t just lip service."
"Don’t make that face," Steve said after kissing Tony's head.
Tony thought about what Steve had just said and smiled.
“And it worked, huh?” Clint jostled Steve’s shoulder.
Steve looked at Tony again and his look was pained. “Thor had to run to resolve matters for Asgard, that was going through its own problems. When I saw that you weren’t waking up, I went to Strange to ask for help. I stayed long enough to help him prepare the ritual that would bring you back.”
"We're going to separate the group into three teams," Steve said. "Thor, Wanda and I are going North to face Ares. Falcon, Hawkeye, Iron Man and Vision, West. We have faced the hydra before, focus on the Furies and don’t let them touch you. Black Widow, Bucky, Spider-Man and Hulk, East. Use quick attacks to contain it.” Everyone nodded in agreement with the division of the groups. “The group that finishes first go to help the next one, okay?”
Natasha kept the six chips, which forced Tony to put two more chips to continue in the game.
The question danced in Tony’s tongue, but he still wasn’t sure what was going on there, he still didn’t know what ground he was on. This was anything but his comfort zone and he didn’t know how to deal with that strangeness with the person who knew Tony the most in this and any world. So unfair. How to become friends with your best friend again?
“You’re not that person, Tony,” Steve said with a frown.
Well, I know ... lots of talking, right? Sorry if you came looking for some action.
"Boss, they're asking if you're not going upstairs to socialize," Friday eventually asked.
“Didn’t you know?” Steve looked as shocked as Tony.
Tony looked at him. "What?"
“But I couldn’t wait for you to wake up. I got a call from Bucky, asking for help with an emergency and I needed to leave you.” Steve looked deep into Tony’s eyes. “I asked Pepper to tell you to come and talk to me when you wake up, that I needed to see you, but then I knew you were awake, and you never came to talk to me. I thought you were too furious with me for everything that had happened between us so that we couldn’t at least try to talk.”
That was what Tony wanted to shout. That wasn’t possible. Steve remembered everything, right? No one had erased his memory.
“Something serious?” It was obvious that something would happen as soon as Tony left New York.
Peter snorted and Tony laughed.
That's why Tony would do everything in his power to make this weekend perfect, not just for him, but especially for Steve.
"He, Sam, and Thor are out for a mission,” Tony could almost see Natasha’s shrugged. “Unidentified energy signatures upstate.”
Steve frowned at the sudden change of subject, but nodded. “Yes. I don’t know how many times, but I know there were many. Enough to analyze it from the most different angles. Why?”
A wave of pride floated over Tony's body as he thought, without false modesty, that expression of happiness was because of him.
“No power, no elevator,” Clint said.
"I'm glad you liked it."
Before Steve could reach him, Tony finished climbing the steps and got on the plane.
“Then let's go meet our daughter.”
He tried to laugh at his own joke, but Tony was too nervous even for that.
You can say what you want, but New York is the best city in the whole world, with its chaotic streets, mesmerizing lights and ending with the people that make the city unique. And, of course, for being the home of the Avengers.
Steve didn't count how long he held the phone to his ear, listening without listening to the mute of the line. The world was silent. Nothing made sense. His son, the kindest, most honest, smart and loving boy he has ever met, accused of murder. No, it couldn't be real. It wasn't real. Peter, his Peter, would never do such a thing. He needed to show that policeman that his son was being held unjustly. He needed to bring his son home, to protect him.
"Unbelievable," Tony chuckled softly. "Well, Mr. Rogers, if I remember your biography correctly, you weren't always an artist, right?" Steve sighed, without much time to think about the fact that the lawyer - his lawyer - had one of his drawings.
was the detail you got attached to?" Steve had the most incredulous tone.
Tony froze in place, his eyes widening in surprise.
"No sign of Thor," Natasha said. "We're looking for his tracker, but it's inactive."
Tony swallowed. But what was the point of hiding things? Steve would find out sooner or later. Let it be through Tony’s mouth, then. “They did,” Tony confirmed and saw Steve close his eyes, disappointed. It hurt. “Apparently, I manipulated some of the Civil War events and the Registration Act to increase the value of my companies’ shares and profit more from all of that. Sometime days before you went to trial, Ben Urich came to my office and told me that he had discovered everything with Peter’s help.”
"Just keep driving," Tony told Happy. "And do not spoil my surprise.”
“Distract all heads. I have an idea.”
look staring back at him.
It wasn’t a question of
“Even if I put a spell on it, the box would still be at the mercy of other sorcerers who could undo the spell and steal it.” Strange started to explain with a note of impatience in his voice. “I need it to be protected, locked and constantly monitored. You are the obvious choice.”
"Why don’t you use the dishwasher?"
Thor shrugged.
“I remember everything,” Tony watched Steve’s face carefully, not to lose any reaction. Steve looked relieved. Then Tony released the grenade pin. “Up to a week
“Tony?” Steve called. Tony blinked and looked at him. “Talk to me.”
The bathroom door opened and Tony heard Steve's footsteps coming toward the bed, just stopping to sit facing him in bed. He was covered in a soft white robe, wide-awake, his face fresh and washed, his hair brushed back, his blue eyes glittering at Tony. No. Not at Tony, but for what Tony was
"Leave the bar on me," Tony smiled. "I'll ask Friday to arrange everything."
“I know. And knowing how much you know me takes my breath away, because nobody else knows me like you. Maybe not even myself.” Tony looked at New York framed by the huge window, the sun was almost overhead, and sighed. “You know, looking outside, waking up here with you this morning, it made me realize with more force than ever that, as much as I want to, there is no escape from the horrible things I did, the lies I told, the people I manipulated. And I can’t even recover everything I lost,” Tony sighed heavily, but kept looking at the light outside, letting it come in, illuminating every corner that was still in darkness. “But I also realized how right what we did here is. And that I’m having a chance to recover something that I missed. Only one, but the most important,” Tony looked back into Steve’s eyes, shining, focused on Tony, looking forward to what would come next. Tony held Steve’s face in his hands. “You, Steve. Because I finally realized that, all this time, I just needed you.”
"That's right," Steve agreed.
"Good afternoon, gentlemen," Tony greeted, hoping with all his heart that the meeting would be quick. The faster they signed that contract, the faster he would go home to Steve. Tony smiled.
He searched for Steve's belt and skillfully undid it. Steve groaned in Tony's mouth, who smiled in the kiss.
celebrate Steve.”
Stamford.”
“Okay. Easier, huh?” Tony repeated and took a deep breath. “Well, I still think I don’t deserve you,” Tony looked quickly at Steve, but looked away. He wouldn’t be able to finish if he kept getting lost in those blue eyes. “I still think you can find something better and that you’ll regret having me around more than necessary.”
“You ate it.”
Apparently, Tony was able to denounce himself even when he tried to stay with his own thoughts. He was a damn open book for Steve. He sighed. “I know I should feel guilty and ashamed, and the worst of assholes now. Look at everything I told you. I
“I’m sorry, Tony.” And Tony knew that Steve was telling the truth in each of those words. So, he came over and kissed him slowly, to show how much Steve’s truth meant to him. As Tony stepped back, he took a deep breath because he wasn’t done yet. He needed Steve to hear everything.
“I wish you could see what I see when I look at you.”
“Why d’ya make an undersuit so tight and difficult to take off?” Steve asked when he finally managed to slide the undersuit over Tony's tanned shoulders and bent down to leave a trail of wet kisses on every exposed piece of skin he discovered. Tony's laugh was muffled from inside Steve's neck. “I had to find a way to make you see my best ...
Tony held Steve’s face in his hands. “What did I do to make you love me so much?”
Tony had never told anyone that, but since he and Steve were there, since they were planning to start over, nothing could be fairer than having no secrets between them. Not even one that big.
Steve sighed and nodded. Tony placed a plate and cutlery in front of where Steve had sat, and Steve helped himself. The two were facing each other, one on each side of the island, sitting on their benches. They ate in silence for a while, interrupted only by Steve's "hmmm", which made Tony smile every time.
"We set out and ended up getting here," Thor said. "I could not use my lightning to stop him before."
"Yeah, I didn’t. But I want you to fulfill your part of the bet entirely. You need to love this party, remember?”
Natasha rolled her eyes, but then a warning of new e-mail popped up on Tony's screen.
"Okay." The archer nodded, separating his chips.
“Well, I am, first of all, a genetic experiment.” She held up a hand to keep Natasha from interrupting her, and Tony saw Steve smiling from the corner of his eye. “Before I was conceived, my parents decided they wanted a daughter. Not a boy, a girl, because, according to them, the house already had too many men” she laughed, “So, my father Tony combined, in laboratory, the two genetic codes, his and Steve's, and created a new one, placing only the best things of each one of them.” She blushed a little. “That's why, in addition to normal physical features, as one's eyes and the other’s smile, I also inherited my father Tony's intellect, my father Steve advanced strength and metabolism, and also the ability to throw lightning beams from my hands, as my father did, except he used to do it with the armor he created to be a hero there on the other Earth.”
Rhodes tried to look away, to pretend that Tony's gaze didn’t influence him, but in the end, his shoulders fell and Tony knew he had succeeded. "
“Nothing serious,” Natasha said, her voice controlled, expressionless, betraying what she had just said. “But I need you both to see what we brought.”
And when Steve finally wrapped Peter in his arms, when the boy allowed himself to collapse in his father's embrace and put out all the fear, shaking, sobbing and trying to shrink and hide in the curve of Steve's neck, everything seemed to fit together, going to the right places. Steve squeezed his son in his arms, as if to make sure he was real, stroked his son's back, his hair, and wrapped him up again, protecting him, even for a few moments, from everything that could harm his son. His boy.
“And what’s it?”
"Thank you, Pierre." Tony got up and straightened his coat. "I'll see you in two days.”
Tony took a long sip of coffee before answering.
Tony had never seen Steve begging and
Tony came closer, pressing his body even harder against Steve’s, wanting more, needing more, when Steve backed away slightly, sucking in the air like a drowning man. He looked at Tony strangely, his eyes fixed on his lips and, unconsciously, Tony slid his tongue to wet them. Later, Tony would swear that he could see Steve’s pupils widen. But at that moment, all he could feel was the thousands of restless butterflies fluttering in his stomach. Tony looked at Steve through his lashes and swallowed when his strong, capable fingers found the tight muscles at the base of his neck and began to massage them carefully. Such a small contact, but that, once again, generated an instant and addictive heat. It was as much as Tony could handle before their mouths fixed on each other again. Tony gasped and couldn’t suppress a groan when Steve’s tongue traced the sensitive curve of his upper lip.
“Yes, we are.” Steve clasped his hands on Tony’s waist, restating his words.
"How can you be so... controlled?"
His boy. His precious and sweet boy. They couldn't leave him there. There had to be a way.
Steve was still trying to contain the tears that were streaming down Tony’s face, a dam that had burst and was showing no signs of stopping. “Tony, let me help you,” he said quietly, so quietly that Tony was afraid he hadn’t heard.
"What's stopping you, my love?"
Rhodes sighed, defeated. "There's a cafe nearby, less than two blocks. We can go there," and seeing Tony's suspicious expression added, "There's where I go when I'm not Detective Rhodes. So it's safe, don't worry."
“Ah, my love.” Steve stroked Tony’s face. “I’m here now.”
“Great. See you tomorrow, then.”
“Good, baby.” Tony kissed her husband's face. “Come on.”
show up when you want to. You don’t have to wait for me to call or, I don’t know, be scared or anything.” Tony zoomed in on Steve’s face and, wow, Tony was surprised by the expectation there. Steve really expected Tony to reveal himself. Steve knew that Tony was scared. Damn, he knew Tony too well. Did he know about Tony’s memory loss? But Tony just couldn’t move to get even an inch closer to Steve. He wanted, his heart wanted, but his brain kept reminiscing about their recent history and Tony just stood there, unable to say anything, to do anything but cry, frustrated, because life was unfair. Steve wanted Tony to go there. It was that simple.
It was a miracle. Steve had died that day on the steps on his way to the courthouse, when he would be tried for the crimes he committed, during what became known as the Civil War of the superhero community, after approval of the Superhuman Registration Act. Of course, the trial never happened, because Steve was shot and killed with four shots before they even finished climbing those infinite steps. He died like a hero, trying to save the policemen and guards who made his escort, believing that the sniper shot could hit them. Typical of Steve. To sacrifice himself for people he didn’t even know. Imagine what he was able to do for those he considered his friends?
“Sure, no problem.” She hesitated a little and Tony frowned. Natasha didn’t hesitate. “Are you coming?”
Peter was thoughtful. "I see. What's the next step now?"
"Well, you said you weren’t excited for your birthday, right?"
"I don’t really like my birthday, Tony, and you know that.”
When Peter arrived, he was eleven years old. And even though he had every reason in the world to revolt himself and be a rebellious boy, he was always sweet, generous and extremely intelligent. The perfect son, with the warmest and most affectionate smile imaginable. So when Steve answered the phone, he thought it was a mistake.
“Let's go? Or would you rather stay here and come back to New York with Pierre?”
“Hold on, Widow,” He held the spy by the waist and they too came down.
need to forgive
What are you talking about?”
Tony’s heart was racing.
Tony laughed through his nose. “Sometimes I think you have no idea how big you are for other people.” He held up his hand, interrupting Steve before he started. “I know what you’re going to say. I know you never wanted any of this. I know you only do what you think is right and blah blah blah. But you need to accept who and what you are for us.”
“All this mystery to that?” Tony could hear the disdain in his voice.
“I’m going to show you,” Steve stroked Tony’s hair. “Every day, until the end, I will prove to you how much I love you and how much you deserve all the happiness.”
" Tony said, and was surprised by his own hoarse voice.
"Get over it, please," Clint raised his hands defensively. "Tomorrow I'll get another jar of pickles just for you.”
wants to travel?" Natasha mocked.
“Hello, Stark.” Strange looked at Steve and Natasha and nodded at them. “Captain. Miss Romanoff.”
Even though he didn’t remember what actually had happened, even though he had been told everything that happened the day he erased his memory, Tony knew what he most likely had felt. He was still him, only with a piece of his mind missing. It was frustrating, but he did his best to find the most accurate description possible of his own feelings to tell Steve. “Redemption, perhaps? To make sure that your death was not in vain? After all, you died after fighting that stupid Act. And look where it had taken us. Everyone was now seeing that the Act wasn’t the solution, everyone realized that you weren’t the villain of the story, the
Steve approached for another slice of pizza, but didn’t move away. Instead, he kept his eyes on Tony.
"Thirty minutes," Natasha agreed. "Don’t be late.”
The Chief pointed to the two chairs that were between the table and Steve and Tony. "Sit down," Chief Ross looked carefully at them, but stopped at Steve. "Thank you for coming so quickly,
"We're starting the landing process," Pierre's voice came from the loudspeakers.
, of all people, invaded all of my thoughts and why you're the only person who can heal me.”
“You say you’re not worthy, that you don’t deserve it. You stay there, focusing on your flaws, but you want to know something?” Steve asked. Tony nodded in agreement. “To me, you are perfect.”
Even with the armor covering his whole body, Tony could feel the warmth of Steve's body next to his, the pressure of the soldier’s hand on the curve of his back holding it in place, the force of his fingers on his hair, adjusting Tony's head at the right angle.
"Back to me.”
“Yes, that is. But you didn’t know the whole team.” Tony felt Steve stiffen at his side.
Tony really wanted to be able to know if he was still welcome to get Steve’s real smiles out, but his heart sank when he thought about everything they had not so long ago, everything they said Tony said to Steve and everything Steve said to Tony. It wasn’t pretty. They didn’t end it as friends. Not even as colleagues. They ended that War as enemies who hated each other, who managed to get the worst out of each other.
“I came to see if it was true that you were alive,” Tony confessed. “Nobody ever told me that you and Thor were there and that, God help me, that you saved me. I remember waking up and running into Strange, Rhodes and Pepper, but no one told me that my instructions to bring me back, in case I needed to erase my memory, had been followed so strictly, let alone worked. Also, when I recorded those instructions, you were dead,” Tony swallowed. It would never be easy to think of a world without Steve. “I thought of those instructions with Bucky carrying the shield. I never imagined that you could be back to help me. I ... I honestly don’t know what to think. But I know that I will have a very serious conversation with a Miss Pepper Potts as soon as I see her.”
infected by the pollen, Tony. I was
Tony faced the other two Avengers. Natasha had already put away her batons and was looking at Strange with disinterest, but when it came to her, one could never know for sure. Steve was ... Tony allowed himself to check him out. Steve was beautiful as always, radiant in the sunlight setting on the horizon. Tony blew out a breath. Steve was too much for him. Completely out of his league.
Tony opened his eyes and found Steve fucking him with his finger, while, with his other hand, he stroked himself. It was almost too much. “Holy shit, Steve, you’re so hot, dammit. Ah! Put one more, please.”
"What did you do, Ares?"
Hulk approached and with a grunt forced the elevator doors, opening them.
Tony managed to think.
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Tony shift his weight from one leg to the other impatiently.
“And you've already returned to the Compound?”
“Hey!” He threw his shield at his left head, which turned angrily to see who had dared to hurt it. As he fixed his eyes on Steve, his head growled, showing his huge teeth and moved toward him, pulling the rest of his body and attacking Steve.
Tony came over and kissed Steve. No hurry, no lust, no despair. Only love and surrender, with the intimacy that they always had, but never could, in fact, have.
"Don't say anything," Tony said.
"I have waited a lifetime
“Very well.” Tony took a sip of coffee, leaned back on the bench and crossed his arms, without taking his eyes off Steve. Since they had arrived until that moment, the one Tony was so afraid of, what was the reason for not looking Steve in the eye? “Just before you died, I was appointed Director of SHIELD and was in control of the information of the Superhero Registration Act. After all, I thought that if there was someone reliable enough at that moment to have access to that information, it was me. Then, you were killed.” Tony took another sip of coffee. Steve’s expression was neutral, giving away absolutely nothing. “Nobody was expecting that to happen. You were going to trial for treason, most people agreed that you were a criminal. But then, it was as if those shots that hit you had broken an evil spell, and they all came out of the dome inside which they hid during our fight. They remembered who you were. People came to think that perhaps your side in the Civil War wasn’t as wrong as they thought. And then, they remembered about me and what I stood for all that time. People started to
Then, with a sigh, Tony grabbed his suitcase and prepared for what was to come, the next blow. He looked at Steve and thought about what to say. "Come on," Steve called, interrupting Tony's line of reasoning. "I’ll show you your room."
You are truly amazing! :D
Steve blew out a breath. "Yes,
“How is she?” Thor asked.
“Steve, and now pay close attention to what I’m going to say to you, do you understand?” Tony held Steve’s face in his hands and Steve nodded, paying full attention to Tony. Tony’s smile widened. “I
"And what's the point, Mr. Stark?"
“Right.”
Tony sucked Steve's tongue slowly, enjoying his delicious moan, and gripped the soldier's hair tightly. Tony pushed Steve enough to look him in the eye and there was almost no blue, there were only the extremely dilated pupils denouncing the desire. He could feel Steve's erection beneath him and Tony was not much different.
"Isn’t it what we are?"
With a savage grunt, Steve went over to Tony and kissed him hard, without holding on, letting everything he had kept inside him, every year loving from a long distance, the frustration for the War that he fought for the principles he swore to protect, but that went against protecting the person he loved the most, for them finally having the courage to reveal their feelings for each other, all that, that whole dam had finally burst and nothing would be able to hold it back. Steve hooked his fingers into Tony’s underwear and slid it down Tony’s muscular, shapely legs, and felt his mouth water as he watched how Tony’s cock was already ready for him.
With a grunt, Peter disengaged himself from Steve's embrace and headed for the stairs. "Fine. I'm going," he stopped at the bottom step and pointed a finger in the direction of Steve and Tony. "But I wanna help," and with that, he disappeared in the direction of his own room.
“Did the rumors have any basis, Tony?” Steve’s expression was unreadable.
Tony shrugged. “I was afraid.”
"Okay, Mr. Dramatic, complain in the quinjet.”
with Tony? Tony really wanted to punch something.
Tony's smile grew. "You know, I hadn't come over here to speak to you specifically, but since you appeared so kindly in front of me, I need to talk to you."
“What's going on?”
“Now what?” Steve asked.
After that, there was no room for many other words, with mouths occupied on each other and everywhere where there was exposed skin. They had a lot of time lost to make up, many wounds to heal, but the prospect of a new, bright and optimistic future, full of possibilities only served to warm hearts even more, to bubble blood and increase the volume of moans and sighs. Tony was afraid that all of New York would hear him scream Steve’s name, but in the end, he didn’t care. Let everyone know who he belonged to, to whom Steve dedicated his love. They were each other’s and Tony wanted everyone to know.
“So, everything you said today …” Tony looked into Steve's eyes and there it was, the curious and lively glow that only Tony's gaze had.
"Pepper, my dear, what do you have for me?" Tony asked, stepping out of the meeting room after giving a meaningful look to Steve, who turned red, behind Fury's back.
happened to you?” Steve looked concerned.
Tony moaned loud and gripped Steve's hair.
"It wouldn’t be the same."
“Very well.” Tony took a sip of coffee, leaned back on the bench and crossed his arms, without taking his eyes off Steve. Since they had arrived until that moment, the one Tony was so afraid of, what was the reason for not looking Steve in the eye? “Just before you died, I was appointed Director of SHIELD and was in control of the information of the Superhero Registration Act. After all, I thought that if there was someone reliable enough at that moment to have access to that information, it was me. Then, you were killed.” Tony took another sip of coffee. Steve’s expression was neutral, giving away absolutely nothing. “Nobody was expecting that to happen. You were going to trial for treason, most people agreed that you were a criminal. But then, it was as if those shots that hit you had broken an evil spell, and they all came out of the dome inside which they hid during our fight. They remembered who you were. People came to think that perhaps your side in the Civil War wasn’t as wrong as they thought. And then, they remembered about me and what I stood for all that time. People started to
"Is there a problem?" Tony asked.
” Tony turned to Strange. “You're welcome.”
The reason for such boredom were A.I.M. agents who tried, in vain, to stop them from invading one of their bases in Alaska. Clint snorted.
Tony laughed.
Steve. And, if I'm right, which is obvious I am because I'm fucking genius, you're
Tony laughed mentally. He had millions of things he wanted to shout for the world to hear, but he just couldn’t find the right words. He wanted to be able to rip his heart out of his chest and show it to Steve. It would be more effective, mistake and misinterpretation proof, of lack of words good enough.
Tony thought without being able to look away from the soldier, who had gone to get a slice of pepperoni pizza and gave a nice bite.
"Not now," Tony complained and put the phone to his ear. "Sup, Happy?"
"You. First, put your other hand on the table, too." Natasha raised an eyebrow and looked at Tony, then returned to Steve. The message was clear:
“No problem. Thor, a little hand?”
"More than good," he heard himself say. "It's like I've taken ten years off my back and finally I could live for real.”
“My parents led the team.”
A hot, delicious shiver ran through Tony’s body. “You’ll have to be more specific.”
Tony thought as he turned to give the Sorcerer Supreme his full attention.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “I’d recognize those footprints even from the moon.”
Tony was already in the elevator, with the doors closing, when Steve blocked them.
to reach out and take it. Tony couldn’t just have told his biggest secret, opened his heart to the person he loved and trusted most, and whom he had hurt the most, and in return to receive that smile, to get that feeling back. It didn’t seem right to have done so many horrible things, even though thinking they were right, and still be rewarded with all Steve Rogers’ affection and attention. Steve should push Tony away, say how much he despised Tony for everything, for the horrible human being he was and had been able to become.
“Thank you very much, Jarvis.” Steve raised an eyebrow and gave Tony the biggest of smug smiles. “See?”
"Because you're going to Dubai today, then nothing done," Steve shrugged.
“Really?”
"Avengers going to Lincoln Center, please, follow me." Thor led his team to Quinjet while talking to Natasha about the best approach when they got to the location.
Enjoy Steve and Peter's reunion!
"He's asking why, boss."
You believed me when I promised that we would win together, but I knew I could never stop loving you when you believed when I said that we would lose together, that we would be together no matter what happened.
“But, as you may have noticed, funerals don’t keep me on the other side for long,” Steve said, taking a sip of coffee. “After all, I wasn’t, in fact, dead.”
Steve shook his head, but eventually smiled.
“Motorcycles ready, Captain,” Friday announced. “In fact, I am glad to see that you have adapted well to the new uniform, Miss Maximoff.”
Steve obeyed and carefully added another finger and started scissoring Tony’s hole, slowly, calmly, devotionally almost. Then, suddenly, he found Tony’s prostate and Tony cried out. “Yes! Oh, yes, Steve. Right there, sweetheart!” Steve massaged that spot for a few more seconds, reveling in the way Tony’s body writhed under his fingers, the pet names, the way Tony’s body glowed.
Tony smiled involuntarily.
“Two different situations,” Steve said.
"Can the coffee hold up until I get back from the bathroom?"
man. Tall, slim and muscular, but not overly exaggerated, just enough to fill in a uniform in the right places to show grandeur, or casual clothing to make the mouths of mortal pals water. His skin was pale, almost pink on his cheeks, as if he was always embarrassed by something. It was cute. His hair was of a dark golden color, which reflected the light when he moved. His features were symmetrical, straight nose, mouth designed with full pink lips, which were beautiful when smiling, amazing azure eyes, that shone with every emotion Steve was feeling, and everything on his face was smooth, although he had been in the Army for years. And Tony almost choked on his water when he saw that Steve was wearing clothes very similar to his own, gray sweatpants and a navy blue T-shirt, leaving his arms exposed. And, damn, what arms.
"I prefer the good old quinjet," Clint said. "It makes you less sick."
“Excuse me?” He managed to ask after a few coughs.
xo <3
"It’s extremely easy to read, to know what you're thinking, and that's good for me."
Steve blew out a breath, defeated. “I wanted to make sure that when you woke up, I wouldn’t lose you again.”
I wanna come like that. I want that fucking stupid pollen to come out of me like that!”
“Some numbers larger than ideal, I would say.”
Tony’s mouth watered. So that was his end. That was how it all ended for the great Tony Stark: getting mad for Captain America, with his head over heels for Steve Rogers.
Tony sighed heavily, stepped out of Steve's lap and stood up.
"Yes, I am."
love. A giant love, which seemed better and more beautiful at every moment of Tony smelling the flower.
Nat smirked at him. "You tell me. Are we?"
become that person?
Tony gave a sad smile. “People don’t call me a genius for nothing, you know? My brain is like a supercomputer. And, after I merged with Extremis, it was as if I upgraded it and had almost infinite information processing and storage capacity. I know that. Norman eventually realized that, too. Then he came after me and I fled the world, with the help of the few allies and friends that I had left after the fiasco that was the end of the Civil War and the invasion of the Skrulls.”
Steve said nothing. He wasn’t even looking at Tony. He faced his own hands, crossed over the island. Tony just waited, because now he had all the time in the world. He felt light, as if the weight of the world had been lifted off his back. He had no idea what time of night it was, but he didn’t care. Now Steve knew and it was up to him to decide what to do with all that information. It was no longer Tony’s task.
Peter took off his sunglasses, folded his hands on his lap and sighed. "Everything’s been crazy, Mr. Stark. I woke up yesterday morning, went to school, met my friends and went to class like every day. I had even arranged with Ned to put together a Death Star lego set after class. It was gonna be incredible. But then in the break of the second class, our director came to my classroom and asked me to go with him. There was already a cop beside him. I didn’t know what was happening, but I went anyway. When I arrived at the principal's office, a guy that said he was a detective said I was going to jail for the murder of Jared Wolmur, a boy I knew only by name, because he was from the school athletics team," Peter stopped to take a breath. The words stumbled out of him, and he spoke quickly, as if his reasoning was too fast for his mouth to follow. Tony understood perfectly and that made him feel a connection with the boy. They were similar in a way. "But I could
This one came out much stronger and more convinced. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and clung there, as if his life depended on it. Tony depended on Steve, on how strong and soft he was at the same time, how he smelled like ...
Liz tried to smile but eventually grimaced and Steve found himself finding it adorable. That couldn’t end like this.
"Let's just say I needed to
needed him. No, that would be very selfish. Steve came back because this is simply where he fits in.
The question danced in Tony’s tongue, but he still wasn’t sure what was going on there, he still didn’t know what ground he was on. This was anything but his comfort zone and he didn’t know how to deal with that strangeness with the person who knew Tony the most in this and any world. So unfair. How to become friends with your best friend again?
"I'm bi. You know, like in bisexual?"
“Thank you.” Steve smiled that smile that made his eyes narrow, making the corners crinkle. It was sincere.
Tony was startled. He took too long; he was too slow and now Steve was there. He didn’t turn around, but he was alert, paying attention to the sounds Steve was making, deliberately loud, so Tony would know where he was, what he was doing, where he was going. They both knew that if Steve wanted to, he could be quieter than a shadow.
They had chosen to go walking that night and, surprisingly, it was a quiet walk, with no one asking for photos, no autographs, or any unsuspecting thief trying to spoil that rare night off.
“How did you know I was out there?” It was eating Tony alive. He hadn’t many things he was proud of in his life, but his inventions were certainly some exceptions. If one failed, what was the purpose?
"Alright, pasta with broccoli for lunch," Steve said with a grin. "Will you help me, Pete?"
"Make your best, Rogers.”
He watched the other three players, all incredibly impassive, with no expression on their faces.
I did.” Steve shrugged. “Anyway, if it makes you happy, I forgive you, but only if you also forgive yourself.”
"What are you betting on?"
Rhodes looked at Tony with apprehension, but also with sympathy. "Just be careful, okay?"
He didn’t realize where he was, not even that they had moved or that Steve had turned him the other way, until his knees hit the edge of the bed. So, he let his body take over control, since the rational part had apparently already short-circuited. His hands slid from Steve’s neck and hair to his strong chest, feeling every curve, every muscle, feeling his heart make his body vibrate, until his fingers gripped tightly at the hem of the t-shirt that Steve wore and, with dexterity, began to slide the fabric upwards, revealing the immaculate skin it hid. Without shame, Tony allowed himself to touch every bit of Steve he was revealing, delighting to feel the skin prickle under his fingers.
The detective turned to look at them. "You have half an hour. And I'll be on the other side of the glass, seeing everything," he looked at Steve and then at Tony with raised eyebrows in warning. "Don't try to be funny," he passed them and entered the next door, closing it behind him.
“You are wonderful.”
He opened the first box and set it aside when he saw that it was empty. He opened the second, took a slice, took a bite, and looked to the other side, meeting Steve's gaze. Well, maybe finding is not the right word because the soldier's eyes were fixed on Tony's mouth.
my memories to
He bit Tony’s exposed shoulder to recover the breath, and Tony groaned loudly.
“Intense how?” Tony began to climb up with his foot down Steve's leg that was off the counter.
“It always ended in sex. But it was...” Steve's neck turned red showing that he had suddenly become shy. Tony thought it was amazing how he managed to get out of a sensational blowjob and turn red describing an erotic dream. “Hmmm... It was always wild, so to speak. Neither of us spoke much, but always had a lot of mouth, teeth and you...”
“Yes, Director Fury?”
I'm-I'm...
“Steve, we’re sticky and I have a layer of cum on me. As exciting and sexy as that may sound,” Tony turned and faced Steve. “Right now, the prospect of taking a shower with you and seeing how all of this here goes.” Tony pointed to Steve's gloriously naked body “With the water running over it is much, much more interesting. Besides, we need it a lot, darling. We’re disgusting like that.”
Steve was still trying to contain the tears that were streaming down Tony’s face, a dam that had burst and was showing no signs of stopping. “Tony, let me help you,” he said quietly, so quietly that Tony was afraid he hadn’t heard.
And deep down, he knew why.
“Looking at you sleeping here in this bed,” Tony continued. “The calmness of our bubble while the city was already frantic, our conversation last night, all of this brought me here, when I had this epiphany,” Tony gestured with his hands and ended with open arms, indicating himself.
"This card is a weekend-ticket," Steve began. "You are invited to spend a whole weekend, completely incommunicable, with me. Will you?"
Tony was taken aback, not knowing what to say or think. But his body was more lucid, so his legs followed Steve down a short corridor, just to Tony's left, and stopped by a door on the right. Steve opened it and showed the room: a double bed right in the middle of the room, with clean, soft sheets and fluffy pillows, a small wardrobe against the opposite wall, a nightstand beside the bed, a door leading to a bathroom stocked with towels and soap, a large window overlooking the city, and below it a desk with a chair.
Rhodes smiled. "It's only a couple of blocks, Tony. Your legs aren't gonna fall off and leave you behind."
"Do you want me to go to sleep?"
Steve opened his eyes wide and smirked. “I can’t disagree with such convincing arguments.”
“And you haven't opened the box?” Strange raised an eyebrow and looked first at Tony and then at Steve.
"Shall we?" Tony asked with a half smile.
“What time is it?” Tony rubbed his eyes and looked out the window. The lights of New York already contrasted with the dark sky.
“How could I? Who do you think I am, Nostradamus?”
“Never.” Steve shook his head.
"Better now." Steve slowly realize the response he had given Tony, in the comms
” Tony pressed the tip of Steve's nose. There it was, the drunk and dreamy voice again. “Things I'd
"You didn’t, no.”
"Do you realize how much that is-"
Steve held up his hand and stopped an insolent tear from running down Tony’s face. With the same hand, he grabbed Tony’s chin and lifted it gently, as if Tony were something precious that could break at the slightest touch. Steve took the coffee mug from Tony’s hand, bent down, and placed it on the floor, along with his own. When he got back to Tony’s height, Steve took his hands and smiled without showing his teeth.
each other. Like two sides of the same coin, two sides of the same opinion,” Wanda gave a wink. “One doesn’t exist without the other.”
Tony smiled and squeezed Steve’s hand back. Steve’s look was surprised and he smiled. “I’m much better now.” He pulled Steve towards him and held Steve’s face with his free hand, resting his head on his. “Stay here with me, and I’m sure I'll be better really soon.”
? Are you trying to tell me that you already imagined us having sex?” Tony couldn't believe it. That was some side effect of the pollen. It had to be. “Steve, you're telling me you've fantasized about yourself fucking me?”
"Goldilocks is not discreet," Hulk said. "Look for destruction, find Thor.”
Tony’s heart swelled. Steve was waiting for consent. If Tony told him to stop, Steve would stop and they would never talk about what happened there. Tony smiled, released his leg from Steve’s hand and leaned toward him, looking deep into his eyes.
“What?” Steve frowned.
“The view from here is beautiful, darling. But I'm more interested in knowing what sounds I can take
"Good, don’t let him suspect anything.”
"Spill it out, Tony."
