"No, this again! Definitely this again! Don't worry, John, I'm sure you'll see him again. 'You're strong, and capable, and by God, you'll marry a good girl someday, I'd reckon. Of course, you should maybe dump that little friend of yours, I think he might be a poof'!"
"Yeah, but Madam Pomfrey is just in her office, and what if McGonagall comes back? Or what if—"
"So, where are we going?" John asked when they both sat down.
John nodded. "Much better than that girl in my class. Her lip gloss was way too sticky. And it tasted funny."
John sighed. "I don't think there's anything here, anyway. Come on," he muttered.
“Oh, shut up,” John said, but he couldn’t stop smiling. “We’re meeting again after dinner.”
. So go check out that awesomeness.
John stared at him. “Yes, alright, let’s go,” he murmured, dragging Sherlock by the hand back up to the castle and shivering.
“Alright…”
“Excellent, the stop before mine.”
“Mycroft and I always open gifts from each other on Christmas Eve. We save our parents’ gifts to us for tomorrow morning.”
"John," Sherlock said, nearly in a whisper, so as not to ruin the moment. "Did you always want to be a doctor?"
Intrigued by the glint in her eyes, he nodded. She led him to a cozier den than the sitting room they typically occupied and pulled a book from a bookcase in the corner. “These are from the boys’ early years,” she told him, taking a seat on the sofa.
“It’s good to see you, Sherlock.”
“Myc’s been up for ages. He’s helping your father with breakfast.”
John smiled. “Yeah. What do you want me to draw?”
“Yeah, well, perhaps that’s a good thing,” John muttered, feeling his stomach sink at the look of the crumbling façade.
When Mike left them for History of Magic, John looked at Sherlock. "You okay?"
Sherlock pulled him down for a kiss. Then he said, "Would you like to try something new?"
Sherlock's sigh was more of a groan, but he reached over the edge of the four-poster and retrieved them.
“Of course, they don’t teach any sort of advanced transportation methods at
Sherlock tilted his head and pressed his nose to John’s neck. John felt Sherlock’s chest expand against him as he breathed deeply, then felt the cool breath at his pulse point as he exhaled.
"No."
“I’m sorry I hit your new freak boyfriend,” Moran spat, now that he couldn’t see the murder in John’s eyes.
John’s brow furrowed. Did the man actually think he was still in London? He slid his phone back into his pocket, deciding not to bother with Sherlock Holmes again until they were back under the same roof.
John shook his head. "Can you walk now?"
John stared straight ahead, deciding not to give him the satisfaction of a reaction. “Oh, come now. You’re not gonna let a little spite get in the way of my good time, are you?”
“I think so. Yes. Yes, really.” John’s face was still inches from Sherlock’s. His thumb stroked Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock snapped, though the speed of his response said otherwise. He had to visibly compose himself after the outburst. “I’m not bothered at all by my nakedness, John. Honestly, I don’t see how you would even get that impression.”
Sherlock shook his head. “That’s not just it. Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic—that’s everything that Mycroft’s ever aspired to be, since he was seven. She knows that. She’s baiting him.”
John looked at him. “Good to know.”
"Absolutely."
After getting John’s trunk up a flight of stairs to Sherlock’s room (John had insisted that they do it themselves, and Sherlock had no problem using magic outside of school) and dressing, Sherlock gave John a guided tour. They went everywhere that John had gone the day before, but it was much more enjoyable having Sherlock at his side, explaining his relation to the people in the portraits, pulling certain books from the shelves in the library and showing John the notes he’d made in them as a child, his corrections to the text. He notably avoided discussion of Mycroft’s corrections to his corrections, but John saw them elegantly looping around Sherlock’s scrawl in the margins of almost every book he saw, making him smile and shake his head.
John stared all around at the birds and the children chasing them. It really was a beautiful day, if a little warm. Better to get out now while the sun was shining, anyway. He shooed a pigeon away.
Still, there was worry. He trusted John, but with the realization of danger in emotion came the fear of its destruction.
John sighed again. "I'm getting old."
Harry seemed disappointed, but there wasn’t much she could do if her brother wasn’t bosom friends with her girlfriend’s, a fact that John was extremely grateful for. They were friendly enough. Mike Stamford was a nice guy and a pretty incredible Beater, but beyond their age and the position they played for their House Quidditch teams, the two boys had very little in common.
Sherlock glared, but did as he was told in the hope that it might get him out of the thing faster.
Sherlock sighed, and Greg silently rejoiced that his attempt to calm the mad groom was working. "I am."
that John was good at everything.
"Fine," John said, letting himself rise in anger. "I'm going to meet my mother for lunch to discuss my father's funeral arrangements. Would you care to join me?"
Sherlock: 24
"Hmm," John agreed, working his way across Sherlock's jaw to nip at his ear.
The other boy stirred at the sound of his name. “John,” he murmured with a smile. Then his brow furrowed, “John?” He opened his eyes, which almost immediately went completely wide.
Sherlock nodded.
"Of course."
“She and Mycroft went for coffee.”
"And...and what has he been selling you?"
Sherlock smirked, catching John's eye for no more than a second as Lestrade approached them, the same awestruck look on his face. When he finally cleared his throat and shook his head, John spoke.
"Yeah, well,
"You"--John paused--"you weren't wrong." He glanced at Mrs. Holmes, who was staring blankly out the window.
“And it is. Our family come from a long-respected magical bloodline. Each and every one of us realized our power at sixteen years of age. We can then begin training to harness that power and use it.”
“You don’t look so good, mate. Sleep much?”
Shoulders slumped, he stared at the surface of the water in confusion. He thought about the last few girls who had tried to be John's girlfriend. Each one had been gone by the end of the second week. He'd thought it was the fault of John being fourteen--not many young teenagers were successful in relationships, as far as Sherlock had seen. But now that he thought about it, he recalled their reasons for ending it. There had been Nora, whose favorite shirt was ruined by one of Sherlock's impromptu experiments in the garden--one that John had actively participated in. Then it was the girl with the big nose whose parents were getting a divorce and left crying when Sherlock mentioned it. A month ago it was Jeanette, the one from John's English class who had flat out told John it was over because he skived off with Sherlock when they were supposed to be seeing a movie. There hadn't been anyone since, and Sherlock was happier than he had been in a while. That was, until they arrived at the party and he saw Isabelle Smith hanging all over John.
“So, does that mean it was worth it?” Sherlock asked.
"Great. Can I take it off now, please?"
John: 6
"Sherlock, stop it. Lip gloss," Mycroft muttered impatiently, holding it out and trying to apply it to Sherlock's toothy smile.
“Well maybe if Watson could just get her act together and focus on catching the damn Snitch—”
John rolled his eyes.
"Sher—Sherlock, let’s not do this here, please," John whispered, suddenly aware of where they were and how far he was actually willing to take things in such a public area.
“I know.”
2. I did it a while ago, but
"And that would be?"
“Of course not, I was just wondering if you were ready for this level of literary analysis.”
of accidents.”
“Good. That will make a wonderful trip.”
“You can’t go on the monkey bars. I can’t even go on the monkey bars and I’m older than you!”
"And I should get to work," John said. "I'll talk to you tomorrow, Sherlock." He'd made it all the way to his room before turning and adding, "Oh, and Sherlock? The party, it's fancy dress. Hope that's not a problem." With that, he winked and disappeared through the open door.
“The Death Eater uprisings?”
“No idea.”
“Before we find ourselves delving any further into pleasant lunchtime conversation, I have something to ask of you, John.”
“I’m not trying to ‘fix’ you, you git. I’m trying to tell you that you’re worth more than you think you are.” John sighed and turned toward the door. “You don’t seriously think you’re not loved, do you?”
"But you said—
John’s time in New Zealand, instead of putting his mind at ease as he’d hoped it would, forced him to worry about his mad flatmate. Every two hours, he found himself sending a text to Sherlock, never to get an answer. He didn’t bring up any of his thoughts with Sarah, but it was clear she knew exactly what was going on inside his head.
John shook his head.
Sherlock groaned.
Shaking his head was quite obviously not working.
"Repeat after me," the man came to eventually, and it reminded Sherlock so much of a pompous schoolteacher that he had to squeeze John's hands tightly to keep from laughing out loud. "I, John Hamish Watson..."
"Of course."
in fact need a Potions tutor. What do you think?” John glared at Stamford for putting it like he was some sort of imbecile.
"Are you...? Oh my god, you are," the boy said. "I'm so sorry, I just..." His eyes shot from Sherlock to John. "Doctor Watson, I read your blog like mad. It's all just so incredible. D'you think I could...?"
"I'm middle-aged."
"Well, a date is when...when two people who like each other go out and have fun."
"Hmm," John agreed.
“Don’t care. Still don’t want to know.”
"Yes."
All of the air left Sherlock with a great whooshing sound, and the room went completely silent as the body on the ground reached its torn and mangled hand out to him. "
know this?" John asked as they reached Sherlock's mother's car. He wondered whether he'd even told her he was taking it. They climbed in and began to covertly change.
They had spent the summer chipping away at the long list of films Sherlock had neglected to see in his twenty years of life. John was delighted to find that he took rather a liking to several of them; his favorites so far were
“What you wish to do with your candy is entirely up to you,” Sherlock said. There was a twinkle in his eye not dissimilar to the one that had occurred when they’d broken into the kitchens that morning.
"What if I don't want to be the big spoon?" Sherlock smiled cheekily.
"Alright, but stop moving so much and just let me finish you off, yeah?"
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a steadying breath. "Alright."
“Yes you did.”
“You won’t. I’m happy to get away from him, actually, he—”
Sherlock broke away and looked at him, puzzled, before turning and finally spotting the rather large, luxurious bed against the back wall. He turned back to John. “Oh.”
"Me? No. I've tried everything. But perhaps you could help."
“Hello, John.”
When it was clear he wasn't going to find the words he was looking for, John said, "Yours too. A prince, am I right?"
bad, I suppose,” Sherlock sighed. “Except for Aunt Wendy and her two children. They’re a waste of air, if you ask me.”
Sherlock did not hesitate in rejoining John on the sofa.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Sure,
He finally did stop talking, but continued to stand there, looking sheepish. John let him stand there for a long time before sighing.
She sighed. "Can't help you there. The only thing I could possibly say is to tell him. But that didn't work out so well for me, so..."
“Then don’t. I still have an open cut on my sole, it would do well to go ahead fixing the mess you’ve made.”
"I suppose. But next year we should match."
“I don’t know if I want to go get some sleep, then. Bloody hell, I’ve been sleeping the next bed over from a fucking psychopath.”
“Oi, no need for that. I was just asking what you wanted to do today.”
“It’s this damned Potions essay. I have no idea what to write about.”
“Sherlock!” He jumped away, startled, and heard him chuckle. “You prat,” he said, turning to look at him with a smile and swinging the sock he was holding at Sherlock’s shoulder.
someone? Sherlock, you didn't do anything but kiss me. You were totally innocent. I'm the one who pushed you down and shouted at you.
Before making his exit, he called off the snipers with a snap of his fingers. And just like that, he was gone.
“Sherlock, get down!” Mycroft commanded.
"Well of course they were, they couldn't let two children that young out on their own. But they were kind enough to sit far away."
. We're both students. You can be a detective in a few years, and I'll help you all you like. But I've got class this afternoon."
“One of these days he’s going to do something unforgivable and dangerous. Don’t get involved with Sherlock Holmes.”
“But you were thinking it.”
James Moriarty would still die.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “You’d rather spend time with your friends.”
--and saw the single paragraph he'd managed to write. "You did this much in one day?" he said with false incredulity. "How
“That would be a hell of a lot easier with a pillow.”
John's stomach sank, and promptly started twisting its already existing knots tighter.
“John, I don’t—”
Slowly, Sherlock turned around, and John didn’t even attempt to stifle his laughter.
Sherlock made a face, and John laughed.
Once again, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not. But I’ve mastered it, to a degree. I don’t usually have much trouble in…that area.”
"Oh, good."
He decided this night might be interesting.
Sherlock nodded and looked into the room, then stopped in his tracks. The space was packed, with music booming through barely visible speakers in the corners.
"Oh?"
Stepping toward a door on the far side of the landing they now found themselves on, Sherlock beckoned for John to remain just behind him. Slowly, he turned the doorknob and pushed.
He decided on the latter and followed slightly behind Sherlock, not quite at his side. It was as though he couldn’t bring himself to equal his stride.
Adrenaline shoved him through it until he was able to drop Sherlock onto the little bed. He clutched at his shoulder and collapsed into the chair at his desk, eyes clamped shut in pain.
“Or the fact that his lips are mere inches from mine.” John took advantage of that and touched them softly with his own. “Or that I had a marvelous time with you today.”
When they returned to the party half an hour later, it was just a minute to midnight. Mycroft glared, handing each of them a glass of champagne. "Hope you didn't ruin anyone's coat," he remarked drily.
"You were! You were staring!"
By the time he and John met before the officiant, his breaths were shallower than he would have ever thought possible without passing out. He took John's hands, his own shaking.
. Practically coal-black with too-white whites, they remained untouched by any jest or condescension or even hatred. They were simply cold and dead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was basking in the glory of it all when he heard Wilkes’s voice, much closer than it had been just a few moments before.
They both smiled, a sort of understanding passing between them.
“Sherlock, I hope you know what you’re doing. I don’t want to see you get blown up or anything like that.”
soft."
“Also, why am I half-naked?”
“Oh, please. It’s not as though they didn’t already know the effect I have on you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock threw his hands up into the air. "A karaoke bar!" he confirmed.
“No you won’t!” Moriarty sang before John heard the sound of a door closing echo off the surface of the water.
"Yeah, I suppose."
“John, do you know if Greg is single?”
“Potions,” Sherlock corrected.
Sherlock took a couple breaths before smiling and answering. "Yes."
Happy Valentine's Day, lovelies!
it,” she muttered defensively.
John shifted so that he faced Sherlock. "Well, okay..."
Sherlock looked at him, smiled, and, glad he hadn’t had any truth flake that night, replied, “No.”
There seemed to be a sort of light reflected on the pillow that told John that Sherlock was smiling. “Isn’t this what you’d call atypical flatmate behavior?”
"It doesn't sound like it."
“Yes. Not another word about knickers for the rest of the evening, understood?”
Only, the lecture was exactly the same as the day before. Not a single word out of place.
It turned out to be some sort of exotic root that Sherlock had apparently been looking for in any shop he came across for the past two years. Naturally, he feigned casual interest, but insisted that their excursion was over and that they should go home now.
“Why on earth not?” She leaned conspiratorially toward John. “He was the sweetest boy, always with his Muggle pirate books and—oh! The errant curl!” Sherlock groaned as she and John giggled.
“Everyone’s gay for Dorian.”
Sherlock: 7
"And he didn't even
“Some people actually like to be surprised by their Christmas presents.”
“Boring. Come upstairs.”
“I was kind of hoping we’d get closer this evening,” Molly said glumly. “But he was like a pile of bricks at the match. Barely said a word. He usually won’t shut up, no matter how much you want him to.”
Jim, unfazed, smiled. “Jim Moriarty. Hi!”
Sherlock: 29
"You could get her the assorted ones," Sherlock supplied.
It didn't take long for John to respond, and immediately Sherlock did his best to be as pathetic as possible.
"Excuse me, grey
“Yes, Captain,” Sherlock rumbled.
"But what if you married
Sherlock could see how uncertain John was as he inched closer, and so at the last moment, he dipped down so that John's lips touched his forehead instead.
There was a tap on the window. Startled, Sherlock walked over and opened it, letting a sleek black-and-white magpie through. It swept across the room and perched itself at the foot of his own bed, dropping a tiny scroll from its beak.
Come Thursday, Sherlock was left on edge by two simple facts.
“Christ, Sherlock!”
"What? Sherlock, we've been together a year and known each other our entire lives. If anything, it took us
"Know what?" John asked.
"Nor have I. Should be fun."
John grinned and slung his bag over his shoulder. “Three Broomsticks?”
"Er, we're still on the pitch. But, um, Sherlock it's--"
"Oh, John, you're a flower!"
"John," Sherlock said sharply. "What did I do when Moriarty kidnapped you?"
Okay, this is one that will definitely continue for at least one more day. Because we've gotta see Sherlock trying to take notes for John, right? (What a doof.)
John could feel the heat creeping up his neck. “Just because I’m not a bloody genius at Potions like you are doesn’t mean you get to treat me like an idiot.”
"It's not that bad, Sherlock. And it's
“I’m a warlock.”
"You were going to
There was a thump from the doorway, and they flew like shrapnel to opposite ends of the sofa.
The entire table was struck silent for several minutes aside from the occasional hiccup from Uncle Andrew. Molly and her father looked extremely nervous.
"Goodnight, John. Go to sleep," Sherlock slurred. John smiled fondly at that lisp he so loved, peeking out as Sherlock neared unconsciousness.
“I’ve got an idea,” Sherlock said, holding his breath. “How about we go out for ice cream?”
"What happened to your 'positive reinforcement'?"
"By all means, John, go out and enjoy yourself. Don't let me hold you back," Sherlock replied with an annoyed sigh.
Sherlock finally looked away. "Get married?"
"Let's just be glad she's on our side."
In fact, he was almost flat-out wheezing now.
“So you’re telling me you can dance.”
That was when the dancing began. When Sherlock was at the mirror, combing his hair, John was below him at the sink, brushing his teeth. Sherlock twirled toward the cupboard to hand John a towel as he began to shave. John would scoff as Sherlock decided it was the perfect opportunity to empty his bladder, with the toilet right next to him. Sherlock would end up crouched beneath John as he hurriedly shaved, brushing his own teeth in turn.
"You knew everything about me!"
"Mycroft have you ever kissed someone?"
“What?” he said, cautious.
John pulled himself together, composing himself enough to put one arm around Sherlock’s torso and lace their fingers together before collapsing once again into his drunken stupor. Still, Sherlock did not move.
Sherlock blinked and pulled a face. "You
“Don’t know what?”
"Yes."
vocal.”
“Hmm. Must just be you, then.” The corner of Sherlock’s mouth perked up as John nosed at the skin over his pulse point. “Singed hair,” he murmured, kissing once, then again with “honey,” once more with “and ink.” His hands found Sherlock’s hips. “So, if it’s not a love potion, what
It always amazed John how quickly news travelled in such a big castle, but as it was, his relationship with Sherlock was common knowledge by Monday morning. He supposed, with such a fast turn-around, the rumours were inevitable.
Greg sighed. “Right. Come on, then,” he said after a long pause, then walked off in the direction of the headmistress’s office.
“You know, Holmes,” Wilkes said, “I think I’ve finished my juice. Would you like the rest of it?”
John cocked his head, his face splitting into a grin. "Oh, God, yes."
“No. That’s why you give him some bullshit, mate.”
“Welcome back.”
have you considered how I might feel. My dad was on his deathbed, Sherlock! My
"We hope."
"One," John corrected, grinning.
"Now, about that," Sherlock muttered, and dropped to his knees again, this time brushing his lips softly along John's torso as he did. John's head thumped against the tile at the sensation of Sherlock's mouth against his bare skin. It was a feeling he'd never get used to, never get tired of--Sherlock always made sure its familiarity was offset by something incredibly unique each time. This time, he dug his fingers into John's hips and tapped out a specific rhythm with his kisses.
Sherlock’s entire face, contorted into a disgusted grimace, was covered in orange goo; even locks of his hair along his forehead and around his ears were coated in the stuff. He wiped the goop from his eyes very deliberately and opened them.
“John, where are you going?” John’s mother asked from the bench their parents occupied.
“Remember that period in our first year when everyone was afraid of opening their mail?”
Sherlock: 15
“I’ve got to keep myself under control for a reason,” Sherlock replied matter-of-factly.
“The type that likes other blokes.”
"Stop! Stop the joust!" he shouted.
“Not to mention you’d need an escape plan if you happened to get yourself caught in some sort of burglar’s trap.”
John: 11
brats, perhaps you’d be able to see why I love him. Excuse me,” he finished abruptly, standing and storming from the room, fists and jaw clenched.
I told you I'd be back!
“Happy birthday, John.”
Sherlock grinned sheepishly. "I am sorry about this morning."
“Yeah!” John breathed. He didn’t seem to believe he was saying it.
Oh look, we're finally getting glimpses of the ridiculous fluff that makes up my entire existence.
“Would you, um…”
“Indeed,” Mycroft agreed, disgusted. “But, Aunt Zelda came up with it. She’s no great poet.”
“Out!” Sherlock barked, ignoring the scandalized look on the boy’s face.
A few seconds later, John walked into the room and stopped in his tracks. "Whoa."
Sherlock squeezed himself between John and the table, somehow managing to balance on his lap without overturning John's tray. He threw his arms around his neck and donned his best doe-eyed pout. "Please."
“Well, hello. What’s got you so chuffed?”
Although neither of them noticed, Mrs. Holmes smiled.
"Oh, it's precious," Mrs. Holmes said.
“What?” Sherlock demanded when he did.
"Nooooo."
"Come home."
“So, when am I going to get this present?” he finally asked.
"Right, right, and then?"
“You’re still worried, though,” Sarah added.
He was having trouble reassuring himself.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Anderson demanded as Sherlock flew through the common room.
"One? John, three doesn’t come after one, I trust you know that. We’ve only been on one date."
Dinner couldn’t have lasted longer, in Sherlock’s opinion. And then, even after they’d all finished their ice cream, his father insisted upon bringing out a small gift for John. He would have rolled his eyes, but he remembered that John wasn’t used to proper birthdays, and so it was good for him to have more than one gift anyway.
Head Boy. I don’t know why he doesn’t just go to him instead and save me the trouble, but—”
"That thing you did. To disarm the suspect."
"That's it."
"I'll remember that."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Perhaps there was something to be said for the new year, after all.
"Oh, sorry. I just assumed, with him kissing you goodbye and all."
“No, you go first,” he replied to Sherlock. He resisted adding, “You already know what you’re getting anyway.”
"Of course not. It's just--a girl chatting you up because she thinks you're another girl? It's funny. The situation itself is funny."
“See, Myc? He’ll be fine.”
“I know that, but how are you feeling?” Molly looked down. “Sorry. That wasn’t funny.”
"I'd had no idea it would—he...." Alarmed, Carthage cleared his throat and tried to fight the obvious tremor in his voice as he murmured, "Well, the class period is over, I think. You're all dismissed."
Sherlock groaned. “Do we really have to deal with those people this year?”
No, he would just have to think of something else, he thought as the line moved forward. Did it work that way? If he was thinking of something other than Moriarty when faced with the boggart, would it change into something else?
John: 25
Sherlock led John to the entrance to the astronomy tower and whispered, “Alohomora.”
Without another word, they lay there for hours, watching the stars and smiling stupidly to themselves.
what I think."
Sherlock looked as though he was going to say something even snarkier, and so John elbowed him sharply, fearing what a punishment for Sherlock might mean for him. He didn’t think he could take wandering around this huge house all alone again. In fact, he’d been hoping to spend some time with Sherlock in his room, now that the experiment had been restored and he wouldn’t be so distracted.
John shrugged. “Maybe I just can’t picture you being a child.”
“Yeah, good job remembering.”
"Oh, not this again."
John stared at Sherlock, who was scribbling away on the spare parchment he’d brought along and glancing with determined purpose at the woman opposite them, who had suddenly brought the small communication device to her ear and begun speaking into it just as they’d seen countless others do today. He smiled. “Yes, I do.”
"I'm not overreacting."
“‘Freak,’” John said softly, and everyone’s attention was suddenly on him. “He called him a freak.”
John pecked Sherlock on the cheek. “I love it. Thank you. Although, to be fair, every day that I spend with you is pretty fantastic.”
? The bomber?” Lestrade said.
With that, John had planted a seed in his friend's brain.
He thought about Moriarty.
"Christ, Sherlock, I don't know what you want me to do."
“His name is John. He will be your best friend. And no one will ever be able to replace him.”
“No, the King and Queen. Of course, my parents!”
John was silent for a long time. "Oh."
“You ended up ‘aging me backwards’ anyway.”
“I just like watching you.”
"Shall we begin?"
By mid-afternoon, Sherlock had seemingly decided that they’d properly snogged each other throughout the house, so he said, “It’s your birthday.”
"You...think so?"
"What is that?" Sherlock demanded. He and John had just walked into the house; their backpacks still hung on their shoulders.
"Is he...nervous?"
"Because the pirate costume in the theatre stores fit me. You get to be a knight, at least."
As always, kudos are Christmas cookies and comments are holiday hearts.
"Hang on, it's not on right," he replied sternly, but with a bit of fondness for the familiar 'Father Christmas has been here, how are you still in bed?' expression on Sherlock's face, one usually reserved for particularly gruesome and secretive high-profile cases.
"Lock! Lock!" little Amelia shouted jubilantly when she saw them.
“Sherlock, I’ll not have you speaking that way at the table,” Mrs. Holmes commanded, while simultaneously shooting Mycroft a chiding look.
"Harry's having trouble with Emily. A while back she asked me to help her put together a nice dinner for the two of them. Wasted weekend, I'd say. They're worse than ever."
“Make one up, then.”
"Yes, it's adorable," John agreed, practically crying trying not to laugh.
Sherlock stared at him for a long while. John felt like he couldn't move, like he was pinned in place.
"I won-wonder if the lodge is open."
“Well, Philip told me—”
John stared at him. “Isn’t that supposed to be really difficult to make?”
idea. Your whole team does seem to be crooked.”
Victor had gone home for the weekend; it was his grandmother's birthday or something just as equally non-thrilling. Lucky him, for not having to reside in the arctic.
“Funny?” Sherlock hissed, mystified.
In fact, as soon as he and Sherlock had said good night to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and carried their new things upstairs, John set to work reducing the smug bastard to a puddle.
Rather a decent one, John thought. Despite his uncle’s fondness for drink and his aunt’s rather strict guardianship, they were nice people. He hadn’t ever felt lacking in anything. Perhaps a few more children his age would have been nice, but otherwise he had no complaints about the earlier parts of his life. “It was fine.”
John noticed Sherlock’s mother clenching her jaw ever-so-slightly. There was no doubting the tension in this relationship. John wondered whether they might be worse even than Sherlock and Mycroft.
As always, comments make my workdays go by faster, and I work all day tomorrow. See you for New Years with the boys!
“The verdict?”
"But you are."
There was no answer. John held him tighter and finally fell asleep himself, his small grin buried in Sherlock’s shirt.
He’d gotten used to the feeling of Sherlock’s signature smirk against his skin, and was unsurprised to feel it now. He’d also learned over the past couple of weeks that complementing Sherlock’s technique while snogging only served to heighten his enthusiasm. The smirk melted into more fervor immediately.
know our family.” Wendy had finally dropped the conversational tone that had seemed to be a permanent quality of her particular brand of condescension, and her eyes flashed dangerously.
John had learned to accept small victories when it came to Sherlock, so he accepted this one. “And it’s going to stay that way.”
"Why not? We'll be old then."
“Oh. Um. Er. Well—”
John marched over, determined, and tugged the sheet back, so that Sherlock's curls bounced in celebration of their freedom.
"Sherlock, I just said--"
. Look, can we get out of here?"
It had been sudden. One moment, John had been enjoying the temporary freedom from Sherlock; the next he was being thrust into a moving car, a bag over his head.
“I knew it.”
"Sherlo--"
“Besides, I think today’s hunger has just been sated quite nicely.”
Sherlock's brow furrowed. He was finally registering the cruel laughter of the boys standing around him. "I was just wondering what it's like..."
John rolled his eyes. “You know, they’re actually quite lovely.” When Sherlock didn’t say anything, John added, “They really care about you.”
"Mycroft didn't send me! I didn't even know you two were here."
At his silence, John quickly tried to backtrack. "I mean, you probably don't. It was a long time ago, and you were really young, so you might have--"
"You don't remember?"
“He is dreamy, isn’t he?” Molly put in matter-of-factly.
Sherlock bit his lip, but he couldn't determine whether it was out of embarrassment or in order to keep himself from laughing at the image that had entered his brain. "It's brilliant," he choked out.
“What?”
“I…I don’t know.” John hadn’t any idea what he’d intended to say. If he was being honest with himself, he would’ve said that he’d just wanted to break the silence and hear Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock just stared. In fact, he stared for quite a long while.
"Because he
"If we're playing fair, I assume there's some sort of objective."
Sherlock didn't say another word, but closed his eyes and left John to his own thoughts as he watched him for hours.
"Of course!" Sherlock lisped, and everyone in their party looked at him in shock, including John.
Wilkes seemed to buy it, but the look on his face told Sherlock the outburst would cost him a mark on his newly minted clean slate. “You are a freak, aren’t you?”
Suddenly, the expression on Sherlock’s face froze and reddened. John squinted at him slightly, but then smiled at his mother and nodded.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, John. One of them has magical properties, but I was hoping you’d go deeper.”
Harry grinned impishly, but said nothing, which alarmed John even more.
"A renaissance faire."
“Happy Christmas, Sherlock.”
He’d been lucky enough to make a new friend the day before—Molly, her name was—and as much as he preferred eating alone, the environment in the cafeteria was hazardous to loners, to say the least. So he sat with Molly Hooper, and they discussed the maths class they shared. Sherlock had just mentioned the surprise exam he foresaw in their future when he felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see a boy with sandy blond hair and a large nose.
"Oh, shut up, I've been going to class. And doing
John rocked his hips in turn, feeling the build in his gut. He traced a finger up Sherlock's spine. He stopped at his nape and dragged his fingers through curls so cold they almost felt wet.
“I know.” John did know that. He knew that Sherlock and Violet—geniuses, with a bit of madness to supplement it beautifully—loved perhaps more deeply than most, they simply weren’t likely to change their behavior in the face of emotion. It was a defense mechanism—not because they were overly vulnerable. No, that wasn’t it. It was to protect the functionality of the mind and keep it separate from distraction. So when Sherlock experienced a surge of emotion, it was expressed as a particularly grueling Potions studying session or a long, drawn-out case that would stretch on for days. The addition of more madness to the already unfathomable lack of sanity was only noticed by the one who craved it to begin with.
“What?”
To John’s utter frustration, Jim simply laughed, although he wouldn’t have said he was entirely surprised. “Good! Very good!”
“Doing fine.” The charming smile that remained on John’s face made Sherlock’s heart sink.
"I think I rather like your experiments in the kitchen, as much as I complain about them. And we can't just force a child on Mrs. H when we're on a case."
Sherlock immediately collapsed onto his side and nestled against John, his head on John’s chest. The two of them were silent for a long while, letting their heart rates return to normal and enjoying the feeling of being so near each other.
"What?" was John's response.
"What's it like?"
“Aren’t you worried we’ll get caught?”
"You don't trust me with a knife?"
“Actually, I was just bored one day. Happened to be the day of Seeker trials our third year.”
,” he shot back, standing and walking away.
Sherlock was on his way to lunch when the rumour reached his ears. It wasn’t even very original, and it was even less plausible. But teenagers are, by nature, more than gullible, especially if the lie they’re expected to accept is wrapped around something mysterious. Unfortunately for Sherlock, the most mysterious thing to be found at Westpark at any given time was a new student.
He hesitated, but it was too late. John had whipped his head around at Sherlock’s tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
you do! I like watching all of your unique habits, like the way you pinch the bridge of your nose when you study something particularly difficult and the way you lick your lips when you smile and, yes, the way you chew your food primarily on the right side of your mouth. I just like watching…you. And I can’t very well do that when I’m distracted by things like
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a split second before smoothing out smugly and saying, “No, they didn’t.”
, and you realize you're the biggest idiot to ever walk the earth."
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully. “Maybe a bit. Don’t apologise.”
The corner of John's mouth twitched up and he hung his coat on the hook by the door. He toed off his shoes and pulled up the covers to slide under beside Sherlock. "Big spoon or little?" John asked, because it was always a toss up with Sherlock. Not that John really cared one way or the other, usually.
John glared at him from the corner of his eye. "There is exactly one thing we could do to get warmer, and it is n-not h-happening."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know. And I ended up…what happened, again?”
"Ungh," John groaned when he did, and shifted himself.
Sherlock shrugged. "Just giving Mycroft a show."
As he began to approach them again, John closed his eyes, trying to imagine anything else but being blown to bits and taking Sherlock with him. He still didn’t feel much better when he opened them and spotted Sherlock wearing down nearly imperceptibly with the teasing. “People have died.”
, I'll have you know."
They were silent for a moment, until John took Sherlock’s hand and folded it up in his own. “I meant what I said, by the way. I
Mycroft held up a hand, then looked away and pointed in the direction of the stairs.
"Welcome back, Mycroft," Sherlock said jovially. "John's my boyfriend, now. Do pick your jaw up off the floor, it hasn't been cleaned this week." He swept by, leaving John and Mycroft staring at each other, red-faced.
"You mean to say that James Moriarty is…what is he doing exactly?"
“So what do you do, then? Spend all your time down here brewing potions?”
A few hours later, both families started out for the restaurant.
“Well, so nice to have had a proper chat,” Moriarty said, somehow managing to chill John to the bone with his deceivingly casual manner.
“Hang on a moment, Sherrinford,” Mr. Holmes said, and Sherlock was about to open his mouth furiously, fed up with his family’s antics, when he realized his father was addressing the toddler in his arms. “Daddy’s talking. Sherlock, would you mind taking him to see the lobby? Your mother and I will be there in a moment.”
Sometimes, when their mum and dad went to visit their great uncle in the country, Harry and John stayed next door with the Holmeses. Harry would sleep on the sofa, while John slept on the floor next to Sherlock's bed, usually resulting in late nights that ended with Mrs. Holmes entering and telling the boys off for staying up past their bedtime.
They laughed through the next few lines, struggling to actually read the words, but when they reached the chorus, they hardly stumbled at all.
“Yeah, that’s Irene Adler’s.”
His parents looked at each other, then back at Sherlock. They were enjoying this far too much.
"See you, Teddy," John called as the boy awkwardly shuffled from the room.
“What?”
“Well…yeah. But why are you wearing it?”
Sherlock rolled over so that he was facing the back of the couch and didn’t say anything. John rolled his eyes as he walked to the kitchen for water. Bringing casework into it was the only way to get through to that giant, lanky baby, and despite Sherlock’s failure to acknowledge his compliance, John knew it was there. He only hoped it would hang about.
“Sherlock, they’re waiting!”
“But you are spending time with me.”
older than you."
Sherlock knew that he didn’t need to point that out, so instead he smirked and kissed John roughly.
“No, but I’m sure you are,” Sherlock replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That you and I are romantically involved. Or, at the very least, that you would like for us to be."
“Yes.”
When John finished, he sat back and admired his work for a moment before looking down at Sherlock's intrigued expression. "No hands at all," he said simply.
"Sherlock?" he whispered, almost imperceptibly quiet.
One, his parents had told him that they would be attending a school function which largely involved talking with his teachers and his peers’ parents. Not only was he on his own in the case of an emergency, but there was very little chance common knowledge of his parents’ eccentricities would help him in his lessons.
This was incredibly fun, and throughout it, I've gotten ideas for other prompts that could fall into another 30 Day OTP Challenge. Maybe one day I'll make that list and follow through with it. For now, though, I've had a blast with this story, and I can't actually believe I started it a month ago. It's gonna be so weird not to have this daily responsibility to distract me from my real-life responsibilities...
“And no, we did not have sex. For the record.”
Sherlock may as well have rubbed his hands together in anticipation. "Who should go first?"
“Anyway, like I was saying…” John muttered, sliding the flake from his new ice cream and taking a large bite out of it as Sherlock stared on in horror. He never continued what he had been saying, though, because all of a sudden all that mattered was the flake. “Wow,” he said, staring at the rest of it. “This is fantastic. You have to try it,” he said to Molly, who hadn’t even ordered a cone.
“It’s a shame. So what’ll it be, I wonder?”
“Obvious. Stamford and I were talking about the possibility of me occupying my mind by helping a lesser one earlier today, and then he comes along with an athletic Gryffindor whose whole manner of standing with his shoulders slumped suggests stress over an assignment, possibly the Potions essay due tomorrow.”
“Yes.” He strode to the cabinet over the stove and pulled out a jar of full-size candy bars. He held it out for Sherlock to examine. “Truth flake. The most innovative product to come from William Cadbury.”
"Yes it does, Sherlock. You just don't get it 'cause you don't have a girlfriend."
"Yes."
It was Sherlock’s turn to settle into the position of storyteller with a sigh. “When I was nine years old, I still hadn’t shown any signs of magic. I threw tantrums all the time—”
“Why must you be so domestic? It’s quite boring,” Sherlock complained.
John hummed along with the song as they stepped out onto the floor. He put his hand on Sherlock’s waist and smirked, swaying.
"I'm not going to just go out and get a dog."
Kreacher returned quickly with a heaping plate of bacon, and asked Sherlock if he would like anything.
John called a cab and sat next to Sherlock on the bed with his medical kit, dabbing at his wounds. "What did you say?" he asked after a while, his voice still gruff.
“A boyfriend?” Wendy’s daughter raised an eyebrow. “How did
Sherlock couldn’t reach the cupboard quick enough. When he returned, however, he was fuming.
“Well, I thought we would eat soon, and considering your mother’s probably down there ready to have that ‘proper chat’ you promised her earlier, I wanted to have a few minutes alone with you,” John explained.
“Well, he…honestly, I don’t really remember. I just remember the way he looked at me. Like I was some sort of…solution.”
mortals to know we exist?”
“That sounds great!”
Sherlock: 6
“Of course.”
Both went completely still, unsure what to do, wanting to prolong the experience but at the same time having to fight the urge to rut against each other, seeking release. They stared at each other, the unspoken question floating between them.
John followed Sherlock inside and was greeted by a particularly old elf with candy-floss hair protruding from his ears. “Oh, who does Mr. Holmes bring with him? Unusual.”
"Boys don't kiss boys, Sherlock!" John shouted, then stormed off as the teacher called his class back in.
John didn’t know what to say. “I…I didn’t really think about it.”
"It's just a figure of speech. I'd rather you used
"Still, thanks for getting this on. I've thought for years we should have a Halloween ball rather than just a feast, but I never thought it would actually happen."
“Why…to Sherlock, of course.” The voice was uncomfortably close to his ear. He shied away from its owner.
Sometimes he forgot why he refused. Then a nearby urn would explode or a particularly annoying peer would fall to the floor with shoelaces inexplicably tied together and Sherlock would congratulate himself on his restraint in mortal matters of romance.
“It’s not Mycroft. It’s Sherlock,” Sherlock replied flatly.
should trust you with a knife."
"Right, sorry. I'll shut up now."
"Yeah, this is probably the best idea you've ever had," John conceded, still grinning.
“So.” Sherlock gestured vaguely at his own feet before deciding to skip the explanation and lying down on the stone floor.
John slid his sock-feet across the hardwood, taking care not to step in any glass in the darkness. He tried to lie down near the edge of the bed, but in his state was forced to accept sprawling half over his flatmate, one leg tangling with Sherlock’s, an arm landing gracelessly across his neck. The man was completely still.
"No!"
“Yes.”
“Well it’s obvious, isn’t it?” Mary said. She was polishing her wand rather more than was necessary, as though if she were to leave fingerprints she would be betraying its trust. “Just because the most powerful Dark wizard in history is dead doesn’t mean evil itself is.”
"Sherlock, you've been a prat from the time you were in your booster seat. I fell in love with a prat."
The pain in Sherlock’s eyes spread rapidly, making him seem younger and more vulnerable. John couldn’t take it—he pulled open his jacket to reveal the explosives beneath, and he could breathe just a little bit easier when Sherlock’s notion that he’d somehow been deceived visibly drained from his features and left room for not relief, but what looked like indifferent understanding.
“Of course.”
“This weather is dreadful. We spent ages flying around in circles trying to find the place. Honestly, Violet, couldn’t you invest in a beacon of some sort?”
“And then on the last day we’ll have an outing to celebrate Sherlock’s birthday early,” his mother added.
Sherlock didn't argue, though--perhaps the wait amidst broken limbs and pain-induced vomit for the wound in his hand to be closed really had affected him. In any case, Sherlock's silent turning of the spoon in the pot soon turned into a concerned whine. "Er, John?"
"Who said you'd be on top of me?"
"They were only a few feet away. Mycroft kept staring at us."
“It can wait.” Sherlock flipped himself around and straddled John’s thighs. His mouth never left John’s neck for more than a split second at a time. “I’d rather just kiss you right now.”
“Sherlock, we agreed. You have to eat dinner.”
Both pairs of trousers were shed, then both pairs of pants, and Sherlock’s skin was flush against John’s, and god, if that didn’t make him feel like the luckiest person in the world. He closed his eyes, letting Sherlock seep into him through every pore.
John was beyond surprised when the next person to greet them turned out to be none other than their classmate, Molly Hooper.
“No Knight Bus?” he asked.
.” Sebastian nearly knocked him off his feet as he passed him and strutted down the corridor, clearly confident he’d sufficiently intimidated John.
John laughed softly. He was no longer shivering, but he could feel Sherlock shaking against him. It wasn't helping him sort through things, like why he'd decided to strip down and cuddle Sherlock when he knew perfectly well that it was not a medically sound treatment for hypothermia. He also knew Sherlock wasn't suffering from it--his heart rate was too close to normal, and he'd been right about the altitude sickness: his lips had been slightly blue since they'd arrived on the mountain. But being in closer proximity was making them warmer, even if Sherlock's shivering was sending blood to interesting places.
“I can’t believe you’re still under the impression that I care about such things,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes again as they entered the room. “Happy Christmas, Mummy.”
John just shook his head and shrugged.
Sherlock smirked. “I was going to go into the Dark Forest to look for some clues as to why Polly Winston keeps sneaking out of her dormitory in the middle of the night. Her boyfriend asked me to,” he clarified at John’s expression.
When he reached the bank of the Lake, he looked around frantically, but he saw nothing.
By the time parents were leaving their sons in the Watsons' care, Sherlock had forgotten all about his reservations when it came to sleeping in the same room as the other boys. Most of John's old friends had fallen out with him after the kissing fiasco the year before, and those that remained had either forgotten about it or realized they were wrong. They may have treated Sherlock like a baby at the start of the party, but now they were laughing at most things he said, and asking him questions about what their younger siblings did in his class.
,” Wendy went on casually, her attention still focused on her sister.
"Oh, I'm sorry for loving you," John mumbled, rolling his eyes.
“Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It was mutual,” Sherlock said.
I don't think I mentioned that Jim would be back, too...
“Sherlock, sweetie, let Mummy see it.”
“What? Sherlock, I need more information than that. What am I looking out for?”
"Is she still..."
John grimaced. "Never better."
“Sherlock, dear, why don’t you take a seat?”
Before he could get out of the room, however, Sherlock said sharply, “Where are you going?”
“I’m sorry, John.”
When the plane landed at Heathrow a few days later, John was relieved to see Sherlock waiting for him. Then, suddenly, he was irritated as he remembered that Sarah was still there. The thing that troubled him, though, was that he couldn’t decide whether he was irritated at Sherlock or Sarah.
Sherlock started to protest, but instead sighed and pressed a chaste kiss to John’s temple. "Good night, John."
"I suppose. Though, we didn't wait as long as they did for a date."
ready for marriage.
"A little."
“Oftentimes, I find myself asking the same question.”
When she was gone, John continued down the stairs, but the mysterious boy with the dark curls was gone.
“Are you sure, Sherlock? You know the match is tomorrow, right? We could both use some rest before, and I don’t know if—”
He had long since stopped tickling, but John had continued to de-age. Finally, he was lying on the couch, giggling and clapping.
Sherlock stared. John's tone was off; he was thinking hard on something.
friends, and it was generally accepted by that point that they came as a packaged deal. He was lucky Molly's sister was friends with Greg, too, because that meant someone to talk to when John was otherwise occupied.
"You alright?"
"I thought I should get you," Mike Stamford said softly, obviously shaken himself. Out of breath, too—he'd run all the way to the greenhouses and back. Fleetingly, Sherlock wondered how long he'd been on the floor.
He felt fingers at his wrist. John's fingers. He slowly allowed himself to look up at John's silhouette against the brightness of the blue sky reflected in the ceiling of the Great Hall. "What happened?" he demanded, though it might have come out in a more fragile tone than he'd anticipated.
Sherlock paused and looked up.
“Well, yeah, but…that was with clothes on.”
The smoke now billowing from the arm of his robe made him woozy, and it was all he could do not to fall off the broom as he fulfilled the request. The sudden jet of water which hit him was barely noticed as everything went dark and quiet.
“Yes, she is something else, isn’t she?” Sherlock said, appearing to his left. There was a small smile on his face, one that actually reached his eyes.
Sherlock stared at him. “Have you never opened presents on Christmas morning?”
to accompany me,” Sherlock replied, his tone taking a mocking turn.
"Anywhere else?"
“Sherlock!” John and Mycroft shouted together. Mycroft ran in the direction of their parents, but John was sitting on the ground next to Sherlock in a flash.
As he hung up the phone, he slumped, his mind racing. If John was suggesting he wouldn’t want to come to the match because of Sebastian, he shouldn’t have invited him in the first place. No, this was something else.
“You’ll be at the rugby party Friday, right?”
“Fine,” John replied, still smiling broadly.
But I don't know if I've really thanked you guys for reading my lowly fic. At this point, about halfway through, I'd like to do that. Thanks. Every time there's a new bookmark or comment I smile like an idiot. So thank you.
avoiding having to interact with people.
Andrew turned his entire body in his chair and squinted at Sherlock before suddenly bursting into raucous laughter that shook his entire frame. “Of course! Sherlock! How could I be so stupid? Forgive me,” he said, leaning in and steadying himself on the back of Sherlock’s chair. “I hadn’t—I hadn’t realized you were so tall. Why, just yesterday you were a wee little thing, all scrawny and—well, I guess you’re still scrawny, eh?” He glanced at Sherlock’s plate. “Don’t eat much, do you?”
"Within reason," John warned.
a Prefect. You do realize that, don’t you?”
," and Sherlock turned to glare good-naturedly at him before answering. "Fine. We'll talk about it on the way."
"Thank you," Sherlock muttered when John backed away, eyes still closed, a soft smile left behind.
“I ate a big lunch.”
Sherlock nodded and smirked. “Ah. Gifts.”
"No."
“Happy birthday, Sherlock,” his mother greeted him, still looking on expectantly.
"Jesus, Sherlock, come here," he said, tugging his arms out of his coat. "Your lips are blue."
Sherlock sighed. Of course that herd of brainless oafs believed every word Wilkes said. The bastard was too charming for anyone’s good.
He made it down the stairs in record time, crossed the grounds at breakneck speed.
"As you wish," Sherlock replied, and held John tighter as the song ended. As John kissed him again, he was much too preoccupied to further bend the quartet's instruments to his will. He was busy being bent to the will of John Watson.
“Or does he?”
"Come on," Sherlock muttered, and turned left into a small park. They were walking toward a playground, and John squinted, a distant memory just at the edge of his consciousness.
“We’ve discussed this. I’m going to bed at eleven o’clock, no later.”
"I...give you this...ring," Sherlock said, hands shaking from excitement this time, "as a symbol of my love as I give to you all that I am, and accept from you, all that you are."
The toothy smiles were rare, but they were the most valuable. They held in them the promise of friendship and love that wasn’t typically found in Sherlock’s behavior. When he laughed with a flash of teeth, John was destined to have a good day, sometimes a good week.
Sherlock produced his wand and what appeared to be a tiny bit of padding from within his robe. "Engorgio," he muttered, and the thing he held quickly grew into a mattress and even a blanket. John raised his eyebrows at the advanced magic and quickly scrambled for it, but Sherlock stayed where he was. “Aren’t you getting sore?” John asked, scooting to the edge of the mattress.
"How about a photo?" Sherlock said brightly, but John could tell it was nothing more than a way to send the kid off. They took one together, then he wanted one with just Sherlock, and he waved as he stumbled over a drawn-out goodbye.
Sherlock stared in horror at the man his father had been talking to, the man John was now reaching for.
"So did I, when I agreed to."
“Consulting criminal,” Sherlock was saying, and the phrase caught John’s attention. “Brilliant,” he whispered, and John, in spite of everything that was currently happening, in spite of all of the danger he currently found himself in, had to resist rolling his eyes.
"We called it one," Sherlock pointed out.
“I can’t believe it. You like women
"No. You're too bloody smart. And don't act like you think I meant it that way."
John clapped enthusiastically. Mrs. Holmes grinned from ear to ear.
"I appreciate the sentiment, but I do still rather like the idea of being a doctor." He smiled up at Sherlock. "We'll just have to come see the tigers more often."
"Yes."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait a minute,
John kissed Sherlock’s nose and lay back against the pillows. “Come here.”
“Fine,” Sherlock breathed bitterly, standing and helping John to his feet.
"No, it's...it's fine, it's just that I've a boyfriend, and I don't much think he'd appreciate it. Also, I don't think you'd much appreciate it if I led you on, considering I'm gay in the first place."
The sounds were what he cared for most. Because most of the junkies went on their way silently--aside from the occasional mumbler--John could listen to the distant traffic of the inhabitable parts of the city. The sounds of the Thames faded to a small murmur; his own breaths, not laboured, but shallow--all he did was listen.
Running into Wilkes had completely ruined the mood established by his plan to spend time with Sherlock that weekend. “Hi, Greg,” he replied, slumping down into the chair next to him.
“Hot, too. I know it’s a bit weird to watch your mates as they walk away, but you’re just…so…”
Such was the case at this moment. Sherlock and Molly were sitting at the edge of the swimming pool with their feet dangling in, looking across at a group of cackling teenagers.
There was the adrenaline-fueled post-case shag, and the lazy Sunday morning love-making session, and everything in between. Any one of them was perfectly acceptable in John's opinion, in any way, shape, or form.
John nodded and turned toward the door. “Right. Thanks. Sorry, sir.”
"You do tend to be a bit over-dramatic at times."
Sherlock scoffed, but didn't argue. Lucy handed him a baby doll and a blanket for him to swaddle it with.
A few minutes later, he read the response under the table.
Sherlock pulled out a chair, and John took it just as Mr. Holmes cleared his throat and took a sip of wine. A sound from the kitchen seemed to draw him in, and when he came back, he was carrying two large dishes, which he somehow managed to place on the table without dropping.
“Oh, then. I see. Well, catch you after the feast, I suppose.”
"You know that boy that died here a few months ago?"
Sherlock said nothing, simply shifted his weight from foot to foot.
"Do I need to cut you off?" he laughed, nodding toward Sherlock's third martini.
"You're one to talk," John replied, gently tugging on the curls at Sherlock's nape.
“I left my dressing gown downstairs. I would use magic, but my wand—”
John chuckled. Sherlock's curls were wrapped around his fingers tenderly. "By then it might be better to just get a dog."
“You went into the Forest again? My god, Sherlock, you’re going to get yourself killed.”
“Yes, alright, but
Sherlock watched the lights twinkling in the city below. “But you won’t.”
"What?"
"You won't find him."
"Of course."
“I suppose.” John smirked.
“Couldn’t keep up with them, could you?”
“You know…I’m a bit cold,” John said, and Sherlock immediately conjured up a blanket which fell over them. John smiled, his eyes closed.
More and more, though, he found himself enjoying the big cats. He knew why; it wasn't like he would ever deny that John's fascination with them was as adorable as it was fascinating in itself. He was grateful for the privilege of watching John watch tigers being trained with eyes wide like they didn't belong to a 22-year-old medical student.
"But I would like for us to be."
Mycroft suddenly looked frustrated and confused, if only for a brief second. “Precisely. Why? What’s in it for you?”
"Absolutely."
“You take everything so bloody literally.”
“Let’s at least get back to dinner, yeah?”
she. She got on doing whatever she wanted by blackmailing prefects and even sometimes professors, something that she would never talk about specifically but that she would always readily admit to doing.
“When has Aunt Edith appreciated company under the age of fifty?”
“Right. Yeah.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I’ve got an essay due for Flitwick and I have to practice with the Snargaluffs if I’m ever going to pass the Herbology practical, and—”
“Of course, Sherlock. I’ll have to send an owl to Aunt Edith, but I’d be delighted.”
"N-not long now," Sherlock said a few hours later, shivering. He and John were curled up under about fifty blankets from the cupboard.
“Good. That’s…good.” John seemed at a loss for what to say himself.
“Yes. Every year for as long as I can remember, Aunt Wendy has tried to make it seem like she’s a better parent than Mummy. She’s always coming up with ways to make me seem like some sort of failure. Mycroft is the golden child, she can’t normally get anything on him. But I’ve got some rather obvious flaws.” He sighed. “Most years I have to just endure it. Every once in a while Mummy will stand up for me when it goes a bit far, but she’s generally in the same situation as me. We have to take the beating gracefully and simply wait for dinner to end so that that wretched woman can leave.”
Sherlock followed Moriarty’s every move as he took his leave, keeping him in his sights and slowly replying: “Catch…you…later.”
"Yes. High."
“Would you…would you like to do it again sometime?” Sherlock asked.
"Exactly. I can’t believe it took you so long. I should've known I would have to take matters into my own hands."
"I don't suppose it really was my fault." The smile faded momentarily. "But still. I am sorry." Sherlock stared sincerely into John's eyes, a silent vow in his own.
“I asked my mum earlier, and she said we could just order pizza if you’d like.”
"Of course I am. I think Aunt Tilly would rather like to see you boys in them."
After a while, Sherlock laid down with his head in John's lap. John stiffened, but didn't move.
“After it gets worse, though, it will get better. Much, much better. Because a few years after you meet the aforementioned bad influence, you are going to meet a very good one.
John didn’t ask how he knew. He assumed the evidence was somewhere in the way the man walked or held himself. He felt his jaw hanging open, however, and struggled to clamp it shut.
“Sherlock, I may not always know when you’re lying, but I know you well enough to know you most certainly did
“What are you doing?” John demanded.
“Couldn’t help but wonder if it was true. You didn’t seem like that type of bloke, so I doubted it.”
"But of course we'll have to stop by the reptile house. That's the most important."
Sherlock nodded, but said, "What made you choose me?"
“Good memory?”
“What kind of reputation?”
“How did you—?” John began.
“Sherlock, if you don’t let it heal, you’ll have to stop chasing criminals all over London. What’ll you do when you won’t be able to solve cases because you can’t walk?”
Sherlock smirked. “Breakfast?”
“But John, it’s my birthday!”
He carefully plucked it off and held it before John's eyes. "That's why."
Wilson smiled sadly. “Thank you, though. For…being there for him.”
"Sherlock." John finally slammed his mug down in frustration. "It's gorgeous out, why are you along around the flat?"
"Twenty minutes ago you came running without even asking what was wrong," John pointed out.
She raised a knowing eyebrow. "Good night."
Sherlock was still moving. "Stop," John commanded.
“John’s birthday is Sunday,” Sherlock was saying, and John almost blushed as an afterthought.
Sherlock pulled out his wand, pointing it at John’s face.
John couldn’t keep his heart from swelling with emotion at the rare acknowledgement that he was unique, that Sherlock needed him, that he needed him because he cared enough to laugh with him, made sure he took care of himself and even went to the trouble of defending him even when he himself couldn’t care less about the rude comments he received from classmates that just didn’t understand him, couldn’t see how brilliant he really was.
When Sherlock and John awoke, it was to a brand new video posted to John's blog--of them struggling through a karaoke duet and making complete fools of themselves while Greg laughed heartily in the background.
“Someone changed his mind. The question is…who?”
"I can imagine. Well, it's good to hear you had fun."
Greg jumped when John touched him. “Oh. Hey, John. Ready for the big match tomorrow?”
"Yeah, well, they're helping me. Now quit squirming or this'll turn into something dirty."
In an aisle covered in red and pink, heart-shaped candies and romantic cards assaulted Sherlock's vision.
game!"
"Fuck, it
Sherlock definitely wasn’t your typical boy. Not that John had very extensive knowledge of how other boys reacted to physical affection. But if romantic Sherlock was anything like everyday Sherlock, John didn’t know what he might’ve thought about their kiss. He had no idea what to expect in Hogsmeade, or beyond that.
did?"
"I look ridiculous."
He was just about to turn onto the next landing when he felt himself being dragged into an empty classroom.
Not that he cared. Why should he care?
"Goodbye, Molly."
They walked together to the ball, meeting others along the way, until they were an entourage entering the Hall, which was decked with more floating candles than usual, some with black or green flames, and jack-o-lanterns everywhere.
