“Michael went there personally, there was a whole lot of noise from that quarter, and then the entirety of Missouri vanished overnight along with a few bits of Arkansas that nobody cared about.”
“The lookouts say they saw a flash of light up in the north hills,” Victor starts tersely. “Yes,” he adds immediately, voice overriding the chorus of groans, “I’m aware of how bored they get, but you know the drill.” Just because those Rancher bastards cry wolf a lot (sometimes literally crying ‘Wolf!’ after seeing, say, a lonely porcupine cross the trail and look at them sideways) doesn’t mean the Hunter pack won’t rally. It just takes the one time for it to be real, to be real bad. Victor is not the kind to take that risk, one of the reasons he’s alpha.
Two men had come through the rear door and had stopped at a prudent ten yards distance. The man who’d spoken was clean shaven, in his mid thirties, with a crooked grin, dancing eyes and the air of one who’s seen it all and can’t be possibly bothered to take any of it seriously. He was dressed in canvas trousers and a hussar jacket rather the worse for wear.
Ben rubbed his soggy nose on his sleeve and nodded; still upset but also triumphant as he stood on the field of battle, the vile dragon vanquished and chased off.
The man dips and then lifts up on one strong downward flap of wings, flips over mid-air and lands in a loose graceful crouch on the flagstones of the antique dining room. He stands, and his wings furl, but they’re still stuck there. And - it’s the weirdest thing, but Dean could almost swear they’ve been there all along, he just… failed to notice them? No, surely not. Yet… Yet he can’t imagine this guy without them somehow. Even though they stick out the back in a way that completely doesn’t fit the jerkin - all leather and straps and buckles and stuff, not the kind to have an open back - and the half shoulder cape even less.
“I think I got it,” Dean understates dryly. “Yeah. Consider that gravity completely gotten. Now can you… uh…” he waves his fingers around in a way that hopefully translates what he’s trying to say, because his brain and mouth are still playing catch-up.
Dean finds it all hilarious, like a lot of things about Castiel. Far from the court, Dean is less like a king and more like one of the Hunters. He teases the commander like they do, and he drinks and swears and flirts with the best of them.
“It’s okay, they’re all like this,” Cas says over his shoulder, already halfway across the room. “Windows break, books get destroyed- here, this way, what I’m looking for will be in the basement.”
“Benny, spread out! Look for more!” Dean barks as he slides from his saddle and draws his sword. Benny and the Hunters immediately disperse.
“Great idea.” If looks could kill, Dean would be dead, buried and settling into Heaven for his Eternal Reward right about now, but Jo dutifully dragged Kevin off towards the dancers without a peep. Dean would catch her on the flip side, before she could actually inflict bodily harm on him, to explain why he’d wanted the music and cheers to cover any attempts of Kevin’s to talk about Sam.
“I’m mad about her. I’m also kinda mad that you don’t need to ask me who she is. Right, Cas? Since you’ll have gotten that out of Sam’s brain. My brother-” Thwak! “My brother is a better man than me. In his shoes, I wouldn’t be able to look at you.”
Moses wanders over, grabs a mug from the sideboard and another for Jo, pours while Garth is distracted listening to Cas.
They’ll be seeing those two forces of nature again soon, he’s sure. It goes without saying that both ladies have their own rooms assigned and ever ready for them back at the bunker. But after both battles and babysitting, they deserve some free time. And Dean has another set of strong steady hands to help with Rob now.
From two pups down, another dog detaches itself and rolls over. He’s noticeably bigger than the others, stomach round with milk, yet he squirms up, wedges himself right in there and catapults the runt away, before settling down to suck some more.
Dean gestured with his mug. “This is the part where you tell me what I need to do to in order to keep Sam safe. But I warn you-“
“What are you doing out here?” Cas is also looking Luke over, probably for injuries. He’s visibly relieved, happy to see his brother, and failing to pick up on the way Luke completely ignored Dean and the latter’s introduction. “Are you alright? Are you out here looking for me? Did you hear I left Novak? I wanted to write to you, but I had no idea where you went. Where are you staying?” A polite way of asking if Luke has a pack or if he’s a stray. There’s an offer to stay with the Winchesters, temporarily or for good, hovering in the wings. Dean looks at Luke. The man has a neutral face that wears that urbane half-smile like a mask. He’s well fed, well dressed in those dark winter clothes out here in the middle of a tight-knit territory of packs who haven’t heard of him before. A few days of scruff on his face suggest he’s been traveling a bit, but he’s way too well put together to be a grayback wintering on his own. And Dean’s already wincing, he already knows that this is not a lovely family reunion, the happy story of one of the nicer Novak brothers saved and brought in from the cold.
“Very well, we’ll stick together,” Castiel says - his thoughts flying at the speed of light, Sam is only halfway through reason number three why they should not split up. “But what we’re doing here isn’t getting us anywhere and it’s wearing you out. Let's go back to the bunker. We’ll try coordinating with your network again. See if we can reach out to this Mr Smith one more time.”  And place a call to the King of Hell in the dead of night.
Cas stiffened. He must have seen their bind as quickly as Dean. The voices were close, and there were no doors nearby to duck into, no place to hide. Dean wasn’t sure they could make their way backward fast enough, or if they could afford a pause in their forward momentum, not with Bart actually here and not as distracted by Gabe’s antics as he should be. Which meant-
After a few seconds and the line, ‘Thus it is evident that this malediction cannot be too potent in order to ensure compliance by the subject‘, something nudges his concentration - not that hard to do, really. It’s the lack of response from his brother. It’s rare for a Winchester not to try to have the last word.
Those exquisitely defined eyebrows scour him with a particularly sardonic arch. “My magic is, as you say, ‘on’. The night
“I didn’t want to presume, of course, or feed the rumor mill, so I went to the bunkroom for strays and waited until nightfall.”
“John used the Colt to kill Azazel?” Cas asked after a moment of silence. He had the look of a guy doing math in his head.
The turnaround from bossy taskmaster to this very omega stance makes Dean’s eyebrows twitch up. “Cas? It’s okay, come meet Charlie. Charlie, this is Castiel Novak.”
It went without saying that Dean had to leave if he wanted to live. It went equally without saying that an advocate like Sam couldn’t leave with him without putting a black mark against the whole League. But this was not forever. After all the crap, after all the- the work and the heartbreak and losing their parents and surviving together, Dean was not going to let this be the end. They’d talked about this before. Dean would have to stay out in the Wilds for awhile, then rebuild a new identity for himself. Which meant working for the resistance outright, as the Joker was the only one who could pull that off in Paradise. And that was fine, Dean felt a whole lotta urge to resist right now. Hey, he could join Charlie’s cell, become a ghost like her, help break people out of jail or Penance. That’d be validating. And when he’d eventually set himself up somewhere, in a distant Paradise other than his beloved Lawrence, then Sam would start working his way up the ladder of merits, penances and charities that would see him get permission to move to wherever Dean had settled, and they would start again. It would take time. Five years. Ten, even. But as long as Dean was careful and neither of them gave up, heh, they were un-ageing and undying. Dean had recently celebrated his fiftieth birthday (pretty sure that’d been his fiftieth, though he might have lost count) and Sam was even younger, they were far from giving up yet. One day... they’d be a family again.
“The last time we tried that, you didn’t learn anything,” Cas pointed out stolidly, “or at least nothing we didn’t already know.”
“I accept that we have failed you,” Castiel said heavily, and how odd, what should have sounded like an admission of defeat, if not downright blasphemy, came out so easily, in so few words. “I accept that this Paradise is lacking in some respects, that some of you are not happy here. Then work with me. Balthazar and I have means, we have those who will listen to us.” He hoped. It might take awhile, but surely here was a cause worth pursuing. Between Castiel’s bloodyminded persistence and Balthazar’s knowledge of both humans and the Host, surely they could at least lay the foundations of a new way forward.
“Isn’t he… uh… we sure the baby is okay? Don’t we need… a hospital? An incubator?” Sam asks dazedly.
The operators moved forward in standard formation, ghosting through the streets. All of them had angel wards painted on their persons, making them invisible except to the naked eye of the vessels, and there were only eleven of those around. Less than that in practice; most of the garrison would be at their regular duties, or sitting in the barracks communing with the God Machine without realizing it was equally blinded. Really, the only ones to worry about here were the two trackers, Uriel and Castiel. And maybe Balthazar, who was considerably more clever than most people gave him credit for, and whose laissez-faire attitude would probably not cover this level of balls-up.
Yet their bond feels more profound than that, and Castiel can’t put his finger on its nature, or why it seems to be growing stronger rather than fainter the further they get from the whole fell-from-grace-and-saved-Dean’s-life nexus of their interaction. It could be explained if Dean were a paragon of human virtue - the kind an angel would admire - but in truth Dean falls… a bit short. He may be a Righteous Man (and at times Castiel can barely remember how the soul shone now that he knows so much about the mortal that harbors it), but he’s still very human and with definite flaws, impatience and brashness being paramount.
It felt irrational, especially for a hard-bitten caballero who did not believe in love at first sight, or even second or third. Because really, they’d not know each other all that long when all was said and done, and they were so very different, and still virtually strangers to each other on some fronts (though they’d had one hell of an introduction in one area tonight! Woooheee…)
Castiel pauses in the act of getting to his feet. “Yes. I need to track him while I can, before he vanishes again.”
Yes, it was odd, he’d thought this Paradise dangerously overpopulated initially, but other than the man who’d made tea and a couple of humans sitting at the farthest table, pretending not to stare at him as they made a hash out of their knitting, there was no-one around. The kiln’s fire was burning out and nobody seemed keen to walk over and keep it fueled.
“So you found it a little tight for the last three nights,” says Cas who likes things precisely counted. “That’s hardly a pattern. We’re not in the habit of sleeping with anyone else yet, once we get used to it-”
Dean flinches. His hands curl into fists in the sand. “Cas- I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have said that, I was-”
“Hey, you want a beating, I’ll provide,” Tyler drawls. “But as far as I’m concerned, the man has spoken: he can’t be bothered with you. I’ll stand in for him if you insist. He’s a bit too nice at times, but he’s tougher than ten of you, he’ll do as my alpha. It’s the Campbell blood in him,” Tyler adds, because even now when he’s being supportive and nice, he still has to fit in being a bit of an elitist asshole.
“Lowest common denominator garbage is what Sam calls ‘em after a bad day,” Dean informed him with a wolfish smile. Which slipped. “Individual- so wait, what they say is true? Heaven - when we go to Heaven, we live each in our own little basket? We’re alone?”
Cas’s finger made another pass on the table. There seemed to be fewer scratches now. “It is my duty as your guardian and your spouse to stop you from doing something stupid,” he said very quietly.
“So it’s definitive, this is dimension Hotel California; you can check in all you like but you can never leave. Damn. When you showed up, I was hoping you had a return ticket, or at least a pair of sparkly red heels.”
With a sigh, Castiel tears himself away and gets to his feet. Dean will be alright now, but by the sound of the rising brouhaha outside, there’s still work to be done. Castiel would prefer to stay here and watch Dean recover fully, but it’s his duty to help humans and kill demons, and he’s never been one to shirk. He marches grudgingly towards the door, steps over a couple of bodies, gestures at a demon rushing towards him, smiting the evil creature where it stands-
“Don’t need to, I’m sure we can find the place,” blurts out Dean, while Sammy, for his part, goes with a much more reasonable, “As the victim of the curse, you should not be anywhere near the caster when we attack him, the results can be unpredictable.” Both brothers shuffle around and hide their beak-savaged and shit-stained jerkins as much as they can under their cloaks.
A couple of the regular joes impinged on his awareness. Dean let his eyes slide over them without marking them out in particular. The tall guy was the passer, Tom Pictou; his face matched one of the daguerreotypes in the files Dean had memorized years ago, and then burned. So the stressed-looking kid at his side must be Kevin Tran, the package. Dean looked away and made a show of admiring the happy couple in the nearest Lantern. The guy now holding hands with Leah looked equally uncomfortable with the situation, which at least made them a perfect match on that front.
Dean turns to stare as he walks. “You are telling me you’re a firstborn of pack alphas Novak?! Holy shit.”
He spun towards the angel and hefted the ax - not intentionally menacing, it was just in his hand. “Cas, listen to me real careful. Sam’s smart enough to have already figured out you could get him that information, and he hasn’t asked. This is his decision, and don’t you dare bring it up. I swear to god, Cas, you hurt him with this, I’ll-“
MIchael, who hadn’t caught on that he was standing between her and the exit, leapt back with a startled shout as if she was attacking him.
“There’s that No again. Cassie, please, please, please don’t ever forget that Dean is not your friend, he’s an enemy.”
“Wasn’t it your turn to clean up last night?” Dean asks suspiciously. Is someone giving Cas extra chores?
“Dean,” Cas protests, but it’s better they know right away. Benny’s radio report echoes in Dean’s ears.
Castiel looked at him curiously. “Why? You said there’s no more than two or three. We have nothing to fear from them.”
Dean remembered the first time he’d seen Cas shirtless. The injuries and the blood pouring down his back hadn’t figured into Dean’s first (or second or third) reaction to the sight... Yeah, it was goddamn hard to remain clinical when it involved someone one was clo- who was- someone one was expected to live with for the rest of eternity.
“I got time.” With Kate here, Dean can’t have a heart to heart with his dad, not on that subject, but he’s not too nervous about it at this juncture; from everything his dad’s body language is telling him, looks like Cas was right about John’s analysis of the situation. Whatever he suspected of Dean’s feelings in regards to omega Cas in the past, he knows Dean wouldn’t act on them back then. So now Dean can just sit down with his dad and stepmom to enjoy tea and congratulations and all the warm things. Damn, he should have brought Cas along with him, as the omeg- his mate, the brand new beta whom he mated last night, won’t be getting this kind of familiar congratulations from anyone.
“So you sent Michael away for a time-out,” Dean finally concluded. For some reason, his husband’s fearless, rather unimpressed tone of voice - born of ignorance though it was - warmed Castiel as much as the waves of Grace weaving him back together. “Thanks for finally showing up to collar the guy you left in charge all this time. You know, before he blew away the planet and everyone on it.”
He walks around, unable to relax just yet with both Vic and ‘Belle out of the area. He drops by to make sure Mike and Pah-Ne-Me are okay with the kids. Miri and Sandy are sleepin’ like angels in the trundle alongside their sitters’ kid Nikð, and the lil’ one is going at it full blast; but Dean’s used to that by now and so are Mike and Pah-Ne-Me by the looks of it. Dean checks in on the omegas, and then on the younger generation of hunter betas - not up close, since from the sounds of it they’re doin’ what betas do when they’re young and randy, but nobody’s fighting by the sounds of it, all good.
The crooked itinerary they’d taken up until now made more sense to Dean than it probably did to Cas. The railroad paths didn’t lead out into the Wilds for the excitement of it all, they were there to bring runners to free human colonies out past the Garden. The doglegs they’d taken had gotten the pair of them around at least one area Dean was acquainted with that would have shown traces of habitation; outlying fields and pastures, a small dam, smoke in the distance. All signposts to a small comune filled with humans, many of whom had been escorted out of Paradise by one or the other of the Winchesters over the decades. Dean was happy at that reason for a detour. Those folks had it hard enough, between Croatoans, monsters and the halo brigade occasionally looking for them behind their wards. They had nothing to do with this mess of the Joker’s, and Dean was glad Cas hadn’t figured out some of the secrets hidden out in the Wilds.
Dean bends over, hand on his nose, but the stench that clouted him when the breeze shifted has now got him by the snout and refuses to let go.
Bobby made a face at his herbal tea, then leaned back and rocked a few times, looking around. “I need to get some more tables outside at the Roadhouse,” he declared. “Ellen says proper eatin’ and drinkin’ are an indoor business, but it’s so fine of most evenings that-“
Cas looked both unhappy and worried. “Yes. I don’t know why. He wants you and Sam to come to Paradise 1.”
“What have we here?” Vic walks over to Dean, leaving the same five foot space around Crowley and not losing sight of the beta, who’s now in a solid ‘I’m respectfully awaiting to be addressed by the alpha’ pose that still somehow makes Dean’s fists itch.
It’s long and deep to start with, a reacquaintance. Then it shifts, Dean’s hands move slowly dropping from Castiel’s face to his shoulders, then his waist, taking their time, fingers trailing meaningfully on the way, before slipping beneath his belt, feeling out for skin. Then they dart up like predators striking, to slip off his coat in one quick movement. It crumples to the floor, unheeded. Dean is already rucking up the back of Castiel’s shirt, searching for more contact.
The pages vary wildly in size and texture. Paper is rare in this day and age, a pain to make, it’s reserved for important things such as accounts and letters and the bible (painfully transcribed by Pastor Jim and his omega helper, because John can’t be bothered to scavenge and maintain a printing press.) Cas’s writing is neat but cramped to save on space, sometimes on the back of old missives or ledger sheets. There’s about a hundred pages at first count, a staggering number. Dean reads through the first three, then flips curiously through the rest, reading here and there.
“Why’d you leave her where there was the most kids? Why not somewhere where they don’t have any? They’d have been even happier to have her,” asked the confounding human, once more completely sidestepping all the legitimate causes for being appalled in Castiel’s statement and going for the most irrelevant detail.
pack nonetheless. So Dean knows the offer comes from the right place, but he gives a smirk as he brushes off his hands, and Ty brays with laughter.
“Our procession leaves tomorrow, we’ll be back in Lawrence within the fortnight. We’re less formal over there, hope you won’t mind.” Dean tossed his crown onto a velvet cushioned chair and rubbed the back of his neck, stretched his shoulder. “Deal’s done at least, and a good one for both our kingdoms. Yeah. ‘S a good treaty. You know, solid. We both want it that way.”
Castiel looks back, waiting for Dean to take command and go charging back at the demons, which is what they’re here for. It’s the sort of thing that normally has Dean’s whole focus.
Dean had to remind her that the entire situation is made of ‘obscene, disturbing and insane’, with ‘horrifying’ the cherry on top, and ‘odd’ barely qualifies as the chocolate sprinkles. But Charlie still taught herself online how to use an ultrasound machine and interpret its results, and is now raring to go steal one.
Nothing else had been disturbed, so he made his way back to the parlor to squat in front of Cas’s chair. “House is clear. Cas, how bad is it? Do I need to call someone?”
Dean seemed taken aback for a few seconds, then he lifted a finger to make a point. Then he put it down again and scowled. Finally he brightened. “Yeah, but I didn’t know you didn’t know. I thought we were both reading from the same page here, and since you didn’t say anything either, I thought we were fine not talking about it.”
“I’m too busy! And tired! You guys go at it like bunnies! And we have to do overtime, unlike omegas!”
Sam stands there - stands, for his horse died from under him, but he’s holding strong, both hands lifted to keep the best magic shield in all the kingdoms above his head, he’s safe. Unfortunately the shield must not have snapped up fast enough to cover-
“Yeah, I'm sure they're thankful for the bang-up job you're doing,” Dean declares cooly over Cole’s garbled protest.
“It’s actually Ellen’s house we’re going to. Bobby’s house has been unoccupied for ages. Is that going to be a problem?”
Hannah stares at him blankly for a split second, then frowns. “No. That’s been resolved. In the end, she surrendered herself.”
Lucetia Du Lac, healer extraordinaire. Said to be the princess of the northern kingdom of Raspail, but reputedly renounced her position in the royal family in order to organize and lead this crusade against Satan’s forces. Her purity, her faith, her power inspired those ‘thousand’ knights (Castiel knows for a fact there’s only ninety two of them at present) to join her cause from all over the continent, laying down their emblems to pick up the palms of the crusader instead, and so on and so forth, and Castiel would really like to not hear the word ‘angel’ anymore today, it’s making him feel irritable and strangely inadequate...
“Yeah, Panic and Pudding, two fools in way over their heads, but don’t smite them, they were just following orders.”
Castiel’s senses flitted towards Heaven’s entrance a short distance and several dimensions away. He did not know how much knowledge Chuck had of recent events, if He realized that His general and first born might not sit obediently on his hands in his room while their Father sorted out the mess he'd made-
Dean opened his mouth to ask, do we have to go? The words were stillborn. After what he’d felt here... that was... there was no saying ‘no’ to that. It was almost certainly his death sentence, but that was not the part that was bugging him.
“Just the winter sniffles.” Charlie is looking at Cas curiously, eyes twinkling in the beta-trader way of one who loves to make new friends. And she’s the opposite of snooty when it comes to the Hierarchy and bends. “You a buddy of Dean’s? Pleased to meet you!”
Everybody knew that the God Machine matched soulmates together. Well, soulmates was a nebulous term and didn’t quite fit in the instance when one guy involved was packing Grace rather than a soul. What it really meant was that the Machine brought together two people who were a perfect match. A couple who could build strong connections. Similar where they needed to be, different in other areas, enough to fit like puzzle pieces. Sure, this didn’t always look good on the outside: Susan and Bela fought like rabid weasels - and undoubtedly rutted the same way too - but that was because fundamentally they were two flawed people who didn’t like themselves very much, and the Machine, in its wisdom, had created this- this stable every-exploding relationship that ran like a steam engine, boiling and burning and erupting and yet forging forward. But Bela and Susan both believed much the same thing - that it was every woman out for herself and fuck humans and angels alike if they got in their way. But had two people whose beliefs completely opposed each other ever been matched? That was the heart of the matter. Hmm, was it really that impossible? Or was it just very, very improbable. Two people who could match up perfectly but still, by circumstances, be on opposite sides of a conflict. Highly unlikely, but not a downright contradiction of what the Machine was supposed to do. Maybe this was a million to one chance, two pieces from separate puzzles on opposite ends of the spheres just happened to meet and match perfectly, forming a mishmash picture that meant nothing.
Before the numbness of shock can fully morph into pain, the next blow comes, even worse than the first.  Because now Mr Smith goes from being an obstacle to another piece of the puzzle, and if Castiel still prayed, he’d be praying now with all his might that Mr Smith is just another hunter from the network Sam has been keeping abreast of their search. He hopes - he really hopes - oh, he’s ready to get down on his knees and pray to an empty sky that Mr Smith is not sitting on the shoulder of a highway near the Albuquerque airport right this minutes, staring at his phone with a concerned look in his green eyes.
The angel was right outside. Dean’s heart froze - but then he heard a flap, and the next few words were from a distance away. “You know I will find you. This area is too small to hide.”
For some reason, it’d been easier at the start of this farce. Dean had been coping with shock, with the consequences, with navigating around this massive sinkhole that had appeared in his life. But now, over three weeks later, he was getting over those things and... and his days kept veering between two poles, one where he was only pretending to exist in this insane parody of a life while he waited for orders to end it, and the other where this was... just his life now, the new normal. It was the same teetering dizzying effect he had ten times a day when his perception of Cas veered between this- this naive but rather well-meaning guy, and this all-too-old all-too-powerful being who’d murdered hundreds, who-
“Hi, Alfie,” Sam said over his shoulder. “Look, I’m busy, please don’t make us go out there. Just this once.”
“It’s for the best. He’ll be better when he comes back, I know it. Okay? Now focus, ghouls are hard to ferret out at the best of time, we got a lot of ground to cover.”
Dean looks up. Castiel looks down, hands tightening nervously on the broom, waiting for the words he’s heard most of his life, whispered at school, shouted in the street, shot at him over the internet...
The dude makes a vague gesture out the window in the direction of the town to the south. “The plants. Haven’t you seen them? My mother caused them to attack anything that moves, so I had to quickly put the townsfolk in a coma before they got torn to shreds.”
This castle, from the throne room to the bailey, had been his home and duty these past two years, Castiel no longer needed a guide to find his room through these spy-ways. He was running as fast as he could through the passage, turning sideways to squeeze through the narrower sections.  Snatches of light and conversation spurred him on; someone shouting that ‘our prince’ hadn’t been found yet, another babbling that it was sure to be the work of the fair folk, a third blaspheming quietly-
“You do?” Castiel stares at the racoon-whisperer before him like this Dean is a prophet of all things fuzzy with teeth.
“Huh? Ugh, Dean, come on! I know- I know the circumstances, but this is New Jerusalem! It’s the heart of humanity now. It’s... it’s beautiful.” The big goof walked to the edge of the roof, eyes wide.
Cas’s hand is still on Dean’s shoulder, it tightens and gives him a small squeeze to reinforce his words. “I am asking you very seriously to help me rein in my temper. We’ll find ways to remind me to keep my self control. Because if I am to become a beta, then I damn well want to become one of the good ones, one of the best. A beta like you.”
Three of them. Wearing dusters and with bandannas over their faces. Drawing guns and staring straight at him.
“Yes. And if they are already in the picture, then I will work around them. No harm shall come to them, Crowley. Ever.”
“I didn’t? I thought I did.” Dean scratched his cheek, looking vague. He’d been inebriated that night, Castiel recalled. “Didn’t I say dad made it for mom?”
Castiel realized full well what was going on at the time, he just didn’t realize that it would apply to him. This mortality thing is going to take some adjustment.
Mr Smith survives his bout of rapid-fire solo demon hunting (of all the foolish- he doesn’t even have Sam with him!)
angel, ’s just the one I’m married to.’ Seriously? No, I’m no longer an operator. But they’ll find ways to send me instructions. And I’ll follow them. Have no doubt.” He said it firmly, but not brazenly. That would be too hypocritical. He could only be this open about it because Cas had promised not to threaten the family that he was now discovering rallying around Dean like the- the big-hearted dumbasses they all were.
“Oh Cassie, you lack finesse.” Balthazar touched Castiel’s hands and jumped into the flow at his side. Castiel could only watch in admiration. Balthazar was on fire today. Drilling at full speed through reams of data at Castiel’s side, pausing to look at the oddest things, such as timestamps and data markers. Castiel rarely paid those any attention, the orders themselves were usually his only concern.
“Never.” Rowena sticks her chin out defiantly and twists her body to put herself between Dean and the devil’s drink. “In my day, we didn’t know ‘twere so bad- why, I drank like a fish when I was carrying Fergus and look how he turned out.”
Cas wouldn’t smoke the town, because he wasn’t a lunatic and there was no just cause. But there were things-... there were things that were done with his tacit approval that were just plain wrong, and they were suddenly mobbing Dean all at once, like those god-fearing ladies in the street wanted to mob the angel. (Thwack!) Dean had been- been living on the outside of his skull for a few weeks now, just managing the outward problems generated by this bloody angel taking over his life, and tamping down on the stuff that boiled around inside and had pushed him to the resistance, and worse, ages ago. Today it seemed they didn’t want to stay tamped down. (Thwack!) Karen and Bobby, mom and dad, the yoke around all their necks, Uriel and Zach, Ellen and Bill, Sam and- (Thwack!)
Castiel did what he usually did when Dean got agitated; removed himself from the immediate vicinity in order for the human to calm down, and avoid provoking him further. It felt unusual because this time Castiel was agitated too, and he wasn’t sure how to deal with that. But he came back right after the usual hour was up. This was a setback, this was upsetting, but on some front or other he felt sure he’d made progress in understanding Dean at least, and-... and something. Either way, his duty was to be with his spouse. So he appeared in his chair at the kitchen table shortly before dinnertime. He remembered belatedly that the brothers preferred that he appear in the hallway or in the garden and walk in like a normal person. But Dean didn’t comment, didn’t even turn around at the rustle of wings.
“No. You know, there’s stuff your logic tells you, but when you actually come face to face with the real thing… well, then you know what’s right. I don't think you’d have done it. The nephilim and her mom. I mean, look at you, you didn't even get close to them, and you’re beating yourself up over it.”
“Don’t let Balthazar alarm you. Oh, you are probably thinking of what happened earlier today. Michael does not always control his strength as he should. But that is-... there are reasons for that. He won’t harm me without cause. If I can-...”
Castiel stares at the streetlamp opposite, moths flitting around it and occasionally crash landing on the glass-
Years later, during the long reign of King Benjamin the First, strong, wise and proud, many years later, a certain story wove in and out of the stone castle’s halls. How their former king’s consort, the love of his life, vanished one night, stolen by a sorceress. She turned him invisible (or into a statue, or into a hound or a flower or a swan, the tales couldn’t agree). The king searched for two whole years with only his son prince Benjamin as squire, and they had many adventures before Dean’s true love broke the curse, and he could bring his angel back home to live happily ever after.
“Yes.” John’s not set foot in the Hunter compound for four days now, there’s a careful balance taking shape that he can’t risk interfering with, but he still knows. He’s primary, he’s the alpha of the whole shebang. He knows.
Castiel focuses a second, centering himself on the good earth their Father made, and then remembering the small pinpricks the humans have named and keep constantly changing every few centuries. “Yes. Less than an hour away. But I need to-”
It was usually a pack of women in twos and threes, occasionally a couple of young fellas instead. They did respect Cas’s wishes not to be disturbed, so they weren’t coming nearer. They would always just stand there, tittering together and staring at Cas. They ignored Dean completely, or else they gave him a rather unimpressed look before returning to their main focus.
“Dean.” Castiel’s eyes flicker shut for a few seconds, before he has to reopen them to stay on the road. Days of tension, battle, pain and regret trickle out of him. “How are you?”
”... Yeah, thanks for reminding me of your little trip through my skull the other day,” Sam said sourly. His eyes flickered from the window to Castiel and back. “You can’t know that. That Bobby... I mean, he knows I didn’t do anything myself, but when he sees me, how can he not think that she’d still be here if I’d never been born...”
Dean knew Crowley was a backslider. He wishes Crowley had a big mouth, and came to them and talked and told them this creep was out in the world.
Dean looks like he’s been suddenly awakened from a daydream. “Huh? Why? Uh, well, to thank her of course. And, well, to make sure she’s okay after using all that magic to-”
Dean would have gladly stayed in his dark study for the rest of the morning, but couldn’t help get distracted by the way the angel was examining their surroundings. Cas was looking around as if everything he saw was new and worthy of keen unblinking observation, from the kiln, to the stands, to the people finishing whatever they were doing at top speed to go elsewhere, to the stain on the table’s wood where some pigeon had taken aim. Right now he was examining the woman who’d come to chat with Jessup, a clay pot ready to fire when the kiln was hot enough in a few hours. The poor dame and Jessup were trying to carry on a normal conversation while visibly starting to shake under the unblinking scrutiny.
At the far back of the latter, Sam is ensconced in a pleasant nook out of direct sunlight, a glass of wine at hand and a crumbling old book of the fiefdom’s Odde Fenomenones open on the table before him. He barely glances up at Dean’s grumbled “Finally found you,” as if his brother just left that morning instead of rummaging through a forest for the past month and change.
“Uh...” For thirty years, Michael had been Castiel’s better, his future ruler, his king and his terror. Dean was now Castiel’s new liege, but it would surely take a long time to forget the rigid rules bounding his childhood, or else his honest answer would have been: Oh goodness, yes, I once  nearly hung myself with the suet pudding strings just to get the banquet over with faster.
“It takes a great amount of power to conceive a Cambion,” Castiel reminds her. “Azazel was involved last time, but he’s dead. Nobody has heard of any of the other princes for millennia. Crowley doesn’t have this amount of power. Who else could be involved?”
Castiel turns on his heels, walks out of Sam’s motel room and into the parking lot where he places a call to Dean. This isn’t their routine; Dean talks to him on the phone without fail every night, but he’s always the one to initiate the call. This makes sense, as he’s the one who needs to eat, sleep and use the facilities, and other human frailties that Castiel feels no impulse to needlessly interrupt. But this is important.
“Your daddy and I could have spent a whole year debating that question and not come to any solid conclusion, beyond the fisticuffs and the broken bottles, but I was there when you were born. Born under a bad star, they say, huh?”
Where was Cas? He’d been sitting next to Dean in the private lap dance lounge, an undrunk appletini in front of him, contemplating sexy cowgirl gyrating her ass for them and occasionally pointing out how acrobatic she and the other acts were. The angel had been holding out a ten dollar bill to add to the stash in the tong, with a phone number written on it - not his own, of course, the number of the dancer’s grandma along with a curt suggestion that the girl (stage name, Lula, real name, Marjorie Ann McDermot) call the lovely elderly lady who missed her grandkid and prayed for her every night, and maybe gran-gran would enjoy it if Marjorie invited her to her next performance instead of leaving her at home. This kind of thing happened a lot with Cas; the demon and the angel had gotten kicked out of a total of eight of Albuquerque's strip bars, gentlemen’s clubs, titty joints and exotic dance venues so far this week, as well as one karaoke, and Dean was having a ball. He’d gotten to fight a bunch of beefy bouncers as a bonus. But back to the present where two guys had removed Cas and a dancer with glitter all over her nipples and replaced them with their unshaven waxen-faced selves. Dressed in the latest line of Hobo Chic, they looked like they hadn’t slept in a week and not washed in considerably longer. They might conceivably have glitter on their nipples, but Dean was in no hurry to check the pungent bastards to find out.
“Yes, yes, I know, we might not have the time to go, but it’s not just the library. I do want to reach it if we can, but if we can’t make it this year, there will always be the next hopefully - but it’s everything else we want to do here too, I’ve made plans which I brought to alpha about what to look for, this is such an important task, so many opportunities-" Cas runs out of words and breath, the pan he waves towards St Louis has to conclude for him.
“Oh, sorry, didn’t mean to bother you,” says Dean as if he’s just arrived, which is odd as he’s been leaning against that pillar for almost five minutes watching Castiel according to the latter’s senses. Castiel doesn’t wonder much about this inconsistency. In this past year, he has run into so many mysteries of human behavior that he’s just learned to let it all slide, navigating the complexities of societal interactions like a swan floating over turbulent water, calm and serene above it all. It took a while for his mortal companions to accept this attitude and understand it does not come from contempt, merely alienness, but once he saved their lives a few times and showed his worth, his friends in the Hunter squad have now accepted him and his oddities.
Castiel brings his attention back to the recruitment office which has been empty of humans for the past thirty seconds. The recruiter left his book behind. Castiel contemplates it, then he leans forward to find the man’s quill. He signs an approximation of his name in the local language, then adds a tiny rendition of the same in Enochian, which may pass as his ‘mark’. He puts down the quill, closes the book with care, switches his angel blade back to his right hand and heads out the door.
The runt, having drunk her full, rolls off and flops around. She sways like a boozehound until her nose finds Dean’s hand and then she collapses against it and is sound asleep in a blink. At the back of his mind, Dean wonders if Tyler isn’t right; he’s not a Rancher but he knows some husbandry from John and Sam, he knows that not being fed properly after birth can lead to brain damage in newborns, whether it’s horses, cows, sheep, dogs or humans. The lack of coordination might be due to that. Not that any of those other puppies are about to bring down a deer anytime soon, but they seem better than she is.
Baby’s brakes squeal. Once her motor is shut off, it feels very, very quiet in the dell, just the ping of metal cooling and a few bird chirps.
Note on language:  The story unfolds in 2017, but since calendars no longer exist and days are hard to count in this unchanging climate, nobody is actually aware of this. The lifestyle has not changed since 1836, bar the whole ‘Paradise’ makeover, which means that language should be pre-Civil war era English. I’ve avoided using anachronisms whenever possible, but I have not tried to make them talk like people back in 1836 talked, because that would make the fic difficult to read ^^; Either imagine that language has managed to evolve parallel to ours, or that they’re talkin’ ol’ style and you’re getting an immediate translation courtesy of the God Machine.
“It’s different in Heaven,” Castiel said on the heels of that thought. “There it is individualized, it is made for each person. These Paradises - they are, well, they are restful and happy places, but they lack individuality, they-“
Samandriel seemed to collapse in on himself a bit. His city slicker black frock looked two sizes too big on him all of a sudden, and he looked ready to sink his head behind his cravat. “I- I’m sorry, Sam. Um. But it could be your lucky day!”
We are nearing end-game, it looks like this fic may clock in at 28 chapters, though I won't know for sure until next chapter is complete.
Over the months, that scarred ripped-up part of Dean’s heart he’d thought numb forever had risen from the ashes like a phoenix, glorious and bright, and ready to be cut to ribbons all over again when things went predictably south, as they always would for Dean Winchester.
One of the omegas stumbles, the other slows to help her. Everett tsk’s to slow the mule down and avoid pressing them.
Dean felt himself ripped in two, relief tugging one way, guilt the other. “Cas... Balthazar is right, this has to be a trap.”
“Be mine?” Though god knows why Dean asks the question when he doesn't let the poor guy even answer.
“Later then. She’s also into weird tech and Old World stuff, she’d love to hear about your not-batteries.”
Dean leaned against the broom’s handle and watched Castiel carefully carry away the spider that Dean had been aiming at. The angel hadn’t simply tossed the varmint outside, no, he’d carried it over to the shed and put it on the eaves. Now he was staring at it unblinkingly until its tiny brain learned the Word.
“Tch, how long have you been in the army- don’t you know what that means by now? I mean for, you know. You
“Oh, that’s daddy, isn’t it,” Charlie crows. She has her wooly hat and thick army jacket on, they must have been heading out the door.
“But seriously.” Dean stops in the entrance, one hand on the tent flap but only to keep it shut, voice lower so that Garth and Benny waiting outside can’t overhear. “I will remember.”
“Wait- Jo, cover this weasel and do not take your eyes off.” Ellen hands the shotgun to her daughter and comes over swiftly, scoops up something small and rectangular near the bolts of cloth. A book, cover stained.
Gunshots. Dean hunkered down - then had to knife one of the maniacs who still came for him even though she had to step over three bodies to do so. A stranger had come out from behind the other side of the mesa, striding towards them and firing. Pilot jacket, a black cap-
Dean was thinking of invaders carrying guns, not germs. From John’s thoughtful look, he was in the same boat. But yeah, these guys could harm them without firing a single bullet. Great, more to worry about.
“No need to fret, my sweet, your nana Rowena is here,” declares the witch, fluttering back over from the bar where she deposited the bottle. Both brothers look back at it longingly. “I doubt you’d have a problem anyway. I suspect once the wee devil is to term, it’ll pop out all by itself-”
“Oh please, do try to frighten me,” says Lucifer, all jocular-like. “My only regret, Winchester, is that your skull is too thick to understand just how much I despise you and everything you represent. You’ll die in that ignorance.”
As suggested in the tags, this was not a WAFFy mpreg! When confronted with something that shatters his world, Dean reaches for either anger or denial, and in this instance it’s a mixture of both. However, this will change at some point in the future.
them,” Cas ground out savagely, glaring right into Dean’s face up close and personal. “After the fight you put up with me last month- Were those your resistance
... There was an opening here to talk about some really deep shit, so of course Dean dodged it for dear life and went back to the politics of it all. “This decision of yours is putting you in direct conflict with the Host.”
Cas shrugs and reaches for the next box. Dean follows suite. Garth, still bloody, has wandered over with his eye on the last one.
It’s a bloody short sleep. Can’t be more than three hours before the rooster in the nearest Rancher barn starts doing his thing, and thank god it’s winter or the blasted bird would have been at it even earlier. Three hours barely qualify as a nap, but Dean wakes up feeling better than he ever has before in his life because there’s a warm weight in the mattress next to him, there’s soft regular breath brushing his shoulder, making the skin tickle-
Castiel wants to do the whole wrestle-to-the-ground-rub-face-in-snow-kissing thing more than ever, but it’s really too cold for that. He can barely feel his fingers anymore, or his face, and his cheeks are probably going to freeze around the embarrassingly tender smile he’s currently sporting...
Then two years ago, shortly before Castiel’s wedding to Dean, Sam married the lady Eilen, a noble scion of a neighboring kingdom who had something of a claim to Gehenna via a side branch. She was, it was unfortunate to say, deaf and mute (so sad! said the courtiers around Castiel with a faint eye roll of contempt, as if this was something she or her parents had actively courted.) But as sole daughter and heir to the sizeable Leahy dukedom, she was still a prize.
“Just while you wash up.” Cas turns in Dean’s arms, eyes dancing and that little corner smile that says he knows damn well what he’s up to. “You smell worse than Ginny.” He moves the stew away from the fire as he speaks so it can stay warm for a good long while, and Dean leaps back to the basin in a sudden hurry. He loves Cas’s research, he really does, he’s sure those brains will fire up again once the body is done adjusting, but right this minute, lord forgive him, he’s hoping that there list ain’t too long...
Eileen bent forward and held up her wax tablet. It had clumps of words inscribed already. Her stylus was pointing at the first line.
Dean stopped a foot away, which was the space he always told Castiel was Way Too Close Seriously Dude. His green eyes were fixed on Castiel’s, unblinking, hard as jade.
“Not planning to,” said Dean smoothly, pointing the gun right at her noggin. She just stuck her nose up, all proud-like, and glared past the barrel straight at him.
“Finally the big cheese decides to get his hands dirty,” Dean said, giving bravado a good workout and pretending his head wasn’t ringing like a gong. “Come at me, then, you-”
It’s an intense afternoon, but not very productive, and Dean never does get to drink his fifth beer.
That look of concentration on Cas’s face stutters and fades into pure bliss, a flash of neon blue from his eyes as his back arches - no hesitation, thrown wide open for Dean, nothing held back, pure and beautiful. Dean almost forgets his own pending orgasm, it really seems irrelevant… an ache of tormented pleasure down south reminds him that no, it isn’t irrelevant in the slightest. He starts moving again, eyes deep in his lover’s, entranced- he wants this moment to last forever, he never wants to leave.
A thanks was the signal that the angel had obliged, which was to say, had turned his back towards Maple.
“Uh. Yeah. I-... uh...just want to talk…” Want a distraction from my thoughts, want to hear your voice, just want to not think and only feel the warm tingly loved feeling I get when I hear you-
With a good grasp of strategy that separates the experienced raccoon hunter from the amateur, Dean changes tactics, heads away from the basement he’s been creeping towards in an effort to provoke his quarry. He circles, quickly sweeps the garbage back against the wall with his foot to close off one hiding spot - an overripe avocado leaves a green smear on the floor to further excite Gabriel’s artistic verve - and then by dent of moving this way and that, gets the raccoon to run around the larger dining room area.
Dean’s expression doesn’t change a whit, nor the toothy grin he’s borrowed from the wolf. “Well then, what did I say?”
Castiel asked Dean to reconsider charging into such a dangerous situation until they could be sure of reinforcements from Sam Winchester’s troops mere hours behind their forces.  Dean said No. Castiel told Dean that in that case, Dean should stay behind under guard and Castiel would do the job he was damned well charged with, which was to lead the Hunters into battle and take the risks. Dean said Hell No. Castiel made his argument, but once Dean gave the order, he had to follow it; it was a soldier’s duty, after all, whether one is mortal or angel.
- out here on this expedition - I would have planned better. You see, I was informed only specialized omegas go on this yearly mining trip, the big burly kind who can dig holes and little else. It never occured to me these clods could find nothing better for you to do than send you out here. Of course, that’s not the only place where my information fell short,” he adds, raking his brother up and down once again. “No, trust me, if I’d known you were out here rather than stuck deep in Winchester camp, and that there was an easy way to get to you, then a lot of effort and fuss would have been avoided."
Alistair wrenches free of the hold on his right hand and steps back. They’re four feet apart now. They stare across that narrow space. There’s a red tear over Alastair’s left jacket shoulder where a shot scored him in passing and a spot of red around a hole in his lower abdomen where another shot found a home -
“Yes,” Castiel answered without any inflection or even a faint nod. Dean had yet to see him make any extraneous gesture, it was kind of chilling after being used to dealing with Balthazar, Melod, Alfie and other more urbane angels. “I will not treat anything you say as incriminating, since you asked your brother to leave.”
Eileen didn’t hear his croak of sheer bewilderment. Dressed in different clothes than her gown last night, shoulders wrapped in a shawl and hair up in a simple way, she followed a flight of sparrows with her eyes. Then she caught sight of Castiel struggling to get untangled from the blankets. She gave him a smile of such inappropriate cheer that he wondered if he hadn’t succumbed to his childhood aigue once again, and was lying delirious in bed.
Dean picked up one of the pieces on the table, examined it, put it down. He seemed distracted, and he was glancing sideways at Castiel every few seconds.
Jo came sauntering up, tapping her tray against her leg as if to emphasize the fact that she was wearing men’s trousers for the occasion, and not a goddamn dress. In tartan shirt and tough canvas boots, she was dressed much the same as Dean. “Can I get you boys a refill before they drag us out of here?”
Benny is the second person to get the news. Makes sense, he’s as close to Dean as any family, and he’s also closer geographically speaking. His cabin is two doors down from Dean’s, and early morning is the best time to catch a Cajun, before he’s up and about and doing stuff that team leaders do.
“Do they know who has my gun?” the geezer insisted, still looking just as sour despite Benny’s greeting.
Sam was in danger. But Dean had had a ten minute pause and two shots - ignoring the stricken ‘don’t you know what you’re doing to yourself?!’ looks from his better half, who knew enough at least not to lecture out about it. Dean had had time to think, and he almost wished he hadn’t, almost wished he’d thrown himself down that well without talking to anybody.
Bart’s smile became even more artificial as he gestured at the building behind them, a lot more fortified and box-like than the rest of P1. The garrison. The kind of place it was easy to enter but not so easy to leave.
That got him this wild-eyed stare that made him grin inside. Yeah, Dean’s life was going to be awfully dull now that he was out of the railroad, might as well find fun where he could.
“Maybe it’s a type of gorgon,” muses Sam. “That might explain a lot, including the breaking of the mirrors. Not the shape shifting, though… this might be an entirely new kind of creature. Dean, promise me I can dissect this one before you do your usual salting and burning.”
“We can’t leave.” Sam’s face, tired and worn, tightened. “Dean... it’s complicated. But... but we can’t go outside. Not yet.”
“They were?” But Dean doesn’t seem all that interested in explanations and doesn’t even look their way, he tries to grab Castiel’s arm to restrain him instead.
Tom Pictou had left to rejoin the rest of the visitors. Dean had offered him a train ticket out of Dodge, if he wanted to be on the safe side of any celestial wrath. Considering the mess with Shakespeare, the angels were going to pay attention to the visitors this time. Normally they didn’t. The belief in their system, their Machine, their superior celestial senses was so great, they usually didn’t bother with anything as mundane as a headcount. So ordinarily Tom would swap Kevin for a spelled wooden figurine with a bit of the kid’s essence hexed into it, and carry that around in his pocket until he was back home, the chicken hawks none the wiser. Now though... it depended how on-the-ball the Seraph and the trackers were, if they’d think to double check the visitors, if they’d notice Kevin was missing, if they asked around and realized Tom was the only one Kevin had clung to during the trip. There was a chance... However, from what Sam had said, and to give the Seraph the slimmest of dues, Dean did not think the new sheriff in town would let Uriel go all mighty smite-y on someone just because the human had been seen hanging around with the missing Kevin. The Seraph had a fairly deft touch at scanning; if he connected the dots and reamed Tom’s brain, he wouldn’t cause any damage. Especially since Tom would promptly reveal all he knew - because all he knew about for a fact was Dean, really, who was already a target. Tom would do penance for a good long while for his sin of assisting the railroad, but that was the worst they could do to him now that P342 had an advocate again who would not allow any heavy-handed or illegal nonsense.
It’s getting late by the time Dean finishes petting his brother’s bristling fur down again. They never did get around to chattin’ about Cas’s stuff, but Dean’s promised them both they'd sit down soon and chew the gristle on it. There’s actual validity in this. Cas, well, he’s up in his ivory tower, his ideas are as high as the clouds. What Dean and Sam can talk about, it will be interesting too but in its own way, it might start with Cas’s research on past knowledge and future improvements, but it could well end up somewhere that’s actually useful for the pack as a whole, even if it’s in the far-flung future well after both of ‘em are comfortably dead and gone.
After straightening out his clothes, Crowley spent some time thinking and drawing, hemming and hawing, and examining Dean out of the corner of his eyes when he thought the latter wasn’t looking.
“My temperature is always the same,” Cas countered with a perfectly even tone, which was just pure teasing since even he couldn’t miss what Dean had meant-
Note: Christ, A-C.N.W.’s excerpt in this chapter is going to seem a little too on the nose, but I swear to god it was written back at the start of December before we’d even heard the name covid-19; this being one of the key chapters, it was sketched out thoroughly before I even started posting. GF32 is based on memories from my Master’s in Biochem, and the films Contagion and Twelve Monkeys (which are awesome, but maybe not ones to watch nowadays.)  I thought of rewriting the excerpt or removing it entirely, but it’s needed for the chapter tone, and maybe it’s a timely reminder that we can’t control stuff as much as we think we can at times. Stay safe, everyone, stay healthy, prefer ‘too cautious’ to ‘licking doorknobs because lulz its not serious’, and enjoy the chapter.
Then something amazing happened, the kind of amazing that’d almost require a puke of rainbow. Instead of smiting left, right, and center, those serious lines relaxed and good god, the angel smiled. It was a smile so faint a good stiff breeze would blow it away, but it was there.
And if that wasn’t enough, Cas dropped the other bit on him. There was something unreal about hearing those words, ‘your father’s body’, out loud. Dean’s expression didn’t change, but a strange pulse went through him, as if a thirty year old scar had pulled against a sudden movement.
“Whoa!” Dean instinctively caught him by the elbow, and then around the waist as Cas listed to the right. It was only for a few seconds, the angel managed to straighten up, but there was something heavy and off about his movements.
“Thanks for coming with me,” he said gruffly. “I owe you one.” His voice sounded alien in the darkness full of the chirr of insects and the distant
They hadn’t discussed anything last night, beyond making sure that Castiel wasn’t going to cross that foot of space around Dean without explicit permission. From the look of disgust on the angel’s face, it was the furthest thing from his mind anyway. Then Sam had barged in. Dean had started making introductions, Sam had given the Seraph a nasty look and an even nastier ‘We’ve met’. Reminding Dean that Castiel was the one who'd poked his brother in the brain and thus knew more about Sam than Dean ever would, at which point Dean had decided to go to bed, it had been the longest day - literally - since 1858.
Must be, because this is the second time he’s tried to say something and it invariably ends up in a ditch and with an argument. Well, Dean argues and gets angry for reasons that seem completely out of proportion, and Cas looks at him with those big blue eyes, always so fucking reasonable and- and steady in his arguments, and just- just blind to what is really going on! It’s fucking obvious to Dean, but whenever he tries to explain what the problem is, how much he hates the way Cas is bleeding inside, it feels like he’s chipping at a wall with a blunt spoon. And then he gets frustrated. And that ends predictably.
The guards are creditably alert when the weary group make their way up the slope to the cabin. If the fact that the Hunters are back only three hours into a three day mission isn’t enough to raise the alarm, the figure bundled onto a stretcher would do it. The Ranchers give Dean’s group a once-over as soon as they’re near enough for visual confirmation of their identity, and then their eyes and their guns are nailed on their surroundings. Only one of them breaks rank, flying past the ring of bristling guards towards the hunting party.
Two blows parried and returned are enough to tell Dean that this is going to be a longer conversation than one might think; sorcerer or not, and even with a blade shorter than Dean’s magical sword, this guy is no joke in the stabbing department. Dean squints through his smoked lenses, trying to make out the figure, particularly any armor or defences he’ll have to work through. As Swan Prince stated, the sorcerer is cloaked and cowled, though it’s not a fancy wizard robe he’s wearing, more a knee-length black jerkin and half cape on one shoulder; the fucker won’t be tripping over his hem, more’s the pity. The jerkin’s leather cowl is close around his head and his features invisible, hidden in improbable shadow that no sunlight can seem to dispel - and probably a blessing, who knows what’s under there, a gorgon, a basilisk, a mutated owl-human hybrid horror or something equally grotesque.
There, that was progress! Because as far as Dean knew, all the other angels queried up until now had answered, “It’s a mystery beyond human ken, now shut up.”
Dean is sixteen, a full fledged hunter beta, a man who is getting measuring, approving looks from everybody in camp. But still - dammit! - still he can’t help but turn reluctantly to John, to see if he’s disappointed his father.
Recalling their talk Friday morning, he went with honest. “I think Jonah’s interpretation of the decrees might have been a bit over stringent,” he said, to compromise. “Improving Henry’s clock won’t put anything at risk. If you’re still concerned, I can ask the Machine specifically about it,” he added. “But only if you’re really worried. I wouldn’t be.”
A couple of Maker betas salute him and then give him curious looks as he passes by. New alphas don’t come along every day, Dean and Cas are still the nine-day-wonders. Damn, but that reminds him that he needs to go greet the Cuevas at some point, an alpha-to-alpha courtesy visit. Eventually. It’s not urgent, he’s got plenty to do, and Cas is in charge of that side of things. Calls it ‘division of labor’. Cas will wrangle supplies with the Makers, and work with the Cuevas to transition out of their sector cleanly. His move out of Makers and into Hunters is not a surprise, they all saw it coming when he hooked up with Dean, but the timing sure caught everybody off guard. Cesar and Jesse are both
“Don’t bother,” Bobby echoed Dean’s runaway train of thought. “Sam’s pretty sure this gent knows I’m head of the railroad in these here parts.”
Cas was silent a few seconds, focusing on something Dean could not imagine. Then he looked over his shoulder, grabbed Dean’s chin gently and pulled it so that he was staring straight across the meadow. “Over there.”
“Damn it, hotels have phones too, you know. Not that you need a hotel-... never mind, as long as you’re safe.”
“And now we’re back in my wheelhouse,” Dean announced contentedly, drawing the First Blade from his belt. Cas had put in a footnote, something along the lines of ‘but you are allowed to defend yourself if a human attacks you.’ Non-lethally, the feathery party pooper had added, but there was still loads of fun to be had within that stipulation.
“It may be more fragile than Novak - or it may not, I think it has what Novak may lack in the end: adaptability. And Luke, if you could see it in action! It’s not fighting the animal model per se, but it is subverting it gently, because the alphas have to evolve cooperation,
He stared down at the ball in his hand and then up at the human- at Dean. The diameter of the latter’s toothy smile would give a Leviathan a run for its money right now. Castiel hesitated, but if this truly made the human happy... The parameters of his mission were hardly well defined, but keeping the partner of his union content was certainly a basic minimum.
“God’s tears, no.” A hand reaches for his, winds their fingers together. “Er, why gratitude? I wasn’t actually going to turn my back on her ladyship - though I suppose you couldn’t know that. And… don’t think I”m dismissing everything you’ve done for me, Cas, but that’s not why-”
He leaned in, looking carefully for anything shaped like a tablet. He’d never seen the Machine up close before, of course, and even through his focus and concern, part of him marvelled at the intricacy, the beautiful springwork, the delicate cogs and wheels dancing around. A tiny little astrolabe moved incrementally as he peered at it. There were no rivets or any sign of how this clever clockwork was put together, but maybe there were covering plates hiding all assemblage parts. Still staring at the whirring marvel, Dean slipped his free hand in his coat’s inner pocket and fished around for his satchel of small tools. The problem was, where to start...
With a ragged tearing gasp, Cas had fallen to his hands and knees, the back of his coat stained with two red stripes of blood.
“But after all that, I see you don’t need saving,” Luke finally concludes. “Or so I suppose. You are free to leave, are you not?”
Cas glanced around, puzzled. Alfie was over there, looking like he had to talk to Cas and wishing he could be on the other side of the planet instead. He finally sidled up. A faint frown wrinkled Cas’s brow; Alfie’s presence did not seem to surprise him, but it was obviously not appreciated for all that.
What he is holding so close should be an abomination to his eyes, but it’s not. In the past ten years, Castiel has had to work with demons and kill angels, he’s seen the underbelly of creation, he’s poked at the seams. Yes, sometimes he’s still too dogmatic, too quick to have faith rather than question, too much of an angel, but there is a man who has taught him that the world is stranger and more complicated than Divine Writ would have it. Reality is as messy and mixed up as a human soul meshing with a demon’s, perpetually spinning together like yin and yang. The Apocalypse showed Castiel that even angels can fail and fall, and even cambions can rise above their lineage with the right upbringing. What he sees here is not an abomination, not horrendous. It’s Robert, Dean’s son and the other half of his heart. This little life, however marred and different, is sacred.
The only new message since this morning was an offer from Naomi to bring ‘his human’ to P102 so she could study this phenomenon. Castiel filed that suggestion away under ‘certainly, right after the next apocalypse.’ Under no circumstances would he be bringing Dean anywhere near Naomi unless directly ordered to, and it shouldn’t come to that.
“He said he would destroy me,” Castiel corrected absently. Then he cocked his head in a sudden thought. “That somehow sounds more impressive, why is that?”
A lengthy silence ensued. The pair of them looked at Crowley. Crowley looked back like a guy who was going to have to play one hell of a hand of poker even though all his cards were coming from a Go Fish! pack.
“Um-” The older healer eyes chalk marks on the headboard of Castiel’s bed. “Um, on this patient I tried the essence of mandragora mixed with jimson weed, and we steeped in the hair of a unicorn, or at least that’s what the folks from Lady Talbot’s emporium assured me it was. But- but we gave the same to these other two men in the next beds over, and they haven’t reacted.” She sounds frustrated; since Saint Thomassina the Mender popularized healing magic under the guidance of Pope Lorenzo IV some two hundred years ago, leechcraft has become the province of the poorest and most desperate, not worthy of a proper healer’s time, and obviously unreliable in her view.
“I… Look. I don’t doubt it’d have been a hard choice. I mean. Back when I…” Dean hauls in a breath as if he’s about to inch out onto a very narrow bridge over a horrible chasm, and then he says in a rush: “Back when I met Jesse, my first instinct was to-... Jesse Turner, uh, you remember. The, uh…”
Dean still didn’t like the sound of Samuel’s threat, but he didn’t see any other way forward. “Cas? Will that work for you?”
Dean picked up his coffee and gave it a sip. Then he stared at the significant other that the Machine in its inscrutability had inflicted upon him.
“If you believe you can beat your way up to alpha, Cole Trenton, then you know nothing,” Annabelle says in a stiff tone that still carries an alpha’s weight.  “We need a leader, not a little fighting rooster. I choose the man who got you all safely out of that trap and saved Victor’s life. Dean has been backing us both up these past three years. He’s earned our trust.”
“I hope you do, sincerely,” says Hannah in a sour way that makes that last word somewhat doubtful. “Because the Host has decided to treat you as a package deal, so to speak. You - all three of you - need to show the Host that you are allies we can rely on. You, Castiel, need to help us as our agent down on earth, and Dean and Sam Winchester need to get rid of that Mark before he falls into corruption again-...”
Dean passed by a few tables with a smattering of people sitting at the benches, breakfasting or starting little projects. Nobody he recognized, so he kept his gaze straight ahead, aiming himself at Maurice’s little chuckwagon. Maurice was absorbed in a book, sitting on his stool same as most days, dressed in well-pressed cream cotton shirt, bow tie, red floral brocade vest and trousers, his moustache neatly pomaded to clean points. Though he didn’t wear a hat or cap, Maurice was not one of the sheep, and certainly not one of the loafers either; he took pride in both his appearance and in preparing little snacks and treats for his neighbors who visited Kiowa.
“He did,” he finally answers. “I don’t… I don’t move like they do- like you do. I feel slow and… just slow. He had me pinned against a wall before I could barely blink. He did me the favor of not wrestling me to the floor by the back of the neck like a puppy.”
They find Crowley ensconced in a comfy leather chair, sipping a scotch. “You don’t mind, I chose to avoid the bondage special this time,” the King of Hell sneers. “You never call, you never write, just having you summon me up for handcuffs and naughty talk makes me feel like a bit of a slapper. So, what have you been getting up to, Moose?”
“Winchester Brothers are always reliable in a pinch,” says Dean, lifting his beer in a salute. “You got it, we hunt it. And finish the bottle.”
Dean pulls his revolver, still crouching to present a low target to the woods, and pulls the trigger - praying he won’t hit Ginny, but at this point-
Between Cas’s limited movements and Dean’s help, they got him into the bed on his stomach. Cas turned his head on the pillow, his face pinched around the mouth suggesting he was in some pain, but that the angel wasn’t going to stoop to acknowledging it.
is what I came to say. John Winchester died a passel of years ago and he wasn’t around much before that. I helped raise these boys. I never had any sons of my own, so if there are any I could be said to have, this knucklehead and his brother are it. You hurt them in any way and I will destroy you.”
Dean fights down a wave of revulsed panic by beating it over the head with icy pragmatism. Because seriously, if ending up looking like a pregnant dame is the worst outcome of this fucking insanity, then the Winchesters will have gotten off lightly. Changes to Dean’s physique are the least serious issue they’re gonna face over the next few months. This is no time to lose his shit.
“That is a good idea.” Small villages dotting this region revolve around this chapel, whatever the dove looks like. The villagers fled before the enemy incursion, but now that Dean and his Hunters have cleared the area, they’re returning to salvage the late spring harvest. They could use a place to congregate, take stock and give thanks.
“I hope it’s raiders,” says Cole because he’s young and a bit of a dumbass. Actually he’s only two years younger than Dean, but age ain’t all in the numbers. He’s definitely a dumbass.
...Over the months of being damned for good, Dean had come to accept some things. He might have hated the seal to begin with, and if anybody other than Cas had had his hand on the choke chain, Dean would have gone into atomic meltdown until the leash snapped or the world ended, whichever came first. But it was Cas who had the end of the chain that tethered them together, and the shackle of the leash had become the key to Dean’s freedom, it let him be himself, feel murderous and demony when he wanted to, feel mellow and practically human other times, it was all good because he was above and all else still Dean through it all, he could be himself to the hilt and the leash was really only there to stop him from killing someone he might actually regret killing at a later date once a particularly bad mood subsided. Dean used the leash, he used the safeguard it provided, it belonged to him just like the angel it tethered him to belonged to him, side by side for the rest of eternity.
A nephilim. They’d been idiots not to have foreseen the possibility, what with all the angels who’d been released on earth during their exile, unruly, abandoned and forlorn.
“What the heck- what’s wrong with him?” He was still close enough where he could hear Sam’s confused question. Barely. He could have easily blocked out their conversation, but he found himself listening intently instead.
“I need three groups. Dean-...” Victor looks around in surprise, finally spots Dean and Dean’s raised hand at the back of the crowd. Dean’s his deputy and always first pick, which is great because now he’s got a great excuse not to have read that equipment ledger John gave him to summarize for Vic by sundown. “Dean and Tyler, take your teams, wide sweep. Dean, start at the creek and head east, Ty, take the other side. Annabelle’s group, you stay with her on intervention alert.” Annabelle’s not in stompin’ grounds of course; their pack’s other alpha is at home with this year’s lil’ one. Kid’s okay, right, but he’s not a good sleeper as Dean understands, and so Annabelle’s not been getting a lotta sleep either, and Vic too has got them bags under his eyes that seem to go with being alpha.
They stopped a good two hours before sunset today to get a good night’s rest. Tomorrow they’ll be in St Louis. Despite losing a couple of weeks due to the roadhouse incident, John finally decided to push onwards with the expedition, but with twice the guard it would normally have. Sam is here with fifteen armed betas on horseback surrounding the convoy of omegas and toiling mules. Dean and Tyler are on the march at their flank, frequently breaking away to make large sweeps to look for tracks, a long patrol and scouting expedition rolled into one, which is why Sam thinks Dean might be tired out (as if.)
“A thousand strong they came charging over the hill!” a soldier-turned-storyteller exclaims drunkenly at a table outside the tavern as Castiel rides by. “All in white with silver crosses on their shields and lances of light in their hands! The demons- poof! Poof, I tell you! They just vanished like night under the first spear of dawn! Poof! Am I right?!”
“We all know you like to wield that stick, Zach.” Dean pulled on his undershirt as if he had all the time in the world, body moving with easy grace. He was in remarkably good shape for a human of the New Millennium who should not have to work or fight that hard; surely a sign to the entities who were nominally in charge of his wellbeing and protection that he’d been up to something not decreed. “But if you want me to do penance, you gonna have to take that up with your bloody Machine-“
