and oh god, like an epiphany or a ten tonne truck it hit him square in the chest, Tony mattered to him, more than he knew, more than he’d thought...
Steve knew that Tony’s relationship with Miss Potts had ended before he had moved into the tower but having not known him well enough at that point it seemed a little awkward to offer any help or advice. On the surface of things Tony would appear to be fine and no thanks to his enhanced hearing he had over heard him mentioning to Bruce that their relationship had been going south for a quite a while so he thought it right to end things as they were.
Stopped, it’s stopped... it can’t have...? The water had reached the line of his mouth, then stopped. He stood there, submerged and paralyzed in fear with no control of his fate, no control over how he was messed with, how they tortured and manipulated him and he felt so powerless, so lost.
your pretty little head collided with the ground..... Well, I needed to take from him the one thing he loves most in order to break him... And that meant taking you. And once you're no longer the man he once knew, once I've tuned you into just a shadow of yourself... I'll make him watch you die,... See if Captain America can live with
......” Tony cried as his eyes suddenly became glassy and unfocused, and Steve had never in his life seen anything so beautiful as the second Tony's eyes rolled back- closing his eyelids as he fully tilted his head back, mouth wide open in a silent cry as he came, orgasm spilling over Tony’s still pumping hand.
“Oh God Nat...,” Steve whispered as he leaned heavy on the table behind him covering his face with his hands in a vain attempt at block out the cruel world behind them.
Clint enjoyed forcing the team to sit down to watch awful action movies together and Natasha turned out to be surprisingly talented at cooking- so group dinners became a weekly occurrence, and with the practical need for the team to train and spar together they eventually found themselves quite happy to be in each others company.
It was only when Tony cried his reply – thinking that it really was Steve calling to him that Natasha suddenly gripped his hand and held on tight. She looked him straight in the eyes and she looked terrifyingly concerned, a look of which he had rarely seen on her,- and it scared him to no end.
The banging and muffled sound of fighting was steadily getting closer to the room he was in and Tony felt a sudden rush of adrenaline, if Steve was out there, then so must the Avengers be, they'd found him and he can
“He’s very beat up, it looks as though he has sustained damage to his back- most probably from a whip from the look of the wounds, but even though they've started the healing process, from all the movement and strain they've pretty much opened up again, I've packed them up as best I can but some will need stitching. He’s definitely got more than one cracked rib, he’s highly dehydrated and has a lot of bruising as well as some shallow stab wounds. I've given him some morphine for the pain but he's clearly been subjected to some kind of drug which is keeping him under,- his pupils are blown and he’s non responsive, he’ll likely remain unconscious for a long time. The blade in his thigh has thankfully missed the major artery but he will need surgery to safely remove it, and fast.” Bruce stated clinically, though Steve could easily hear the strain and undertone of anger in his voice at what his friend had suffered.
Tony was quite for a long time and Steve could have been forgiven for thinking Tony had passed out drunk, but then he winced when Steve cleaned one of the deeper wounds which seemed to bring him out of his thoughts.
His captor smiled at Tony's sudden distress, the blood coating his teeth and dripping down his face made him appear more mad and vicious than ever. He'd obviously gagged and bound Steve before he’d apparently placed a dark hood over his face as all Tony could hear from him was a muffled sound. Steve’s uniform was battered and bloody and Tony could see various cuts and bruised under the damaged suit.
It was late at night and Steve was sitting alone with Tony, quietly sketching away on a piece of scrap paper he’d found lying around when Tony began to gently move, his breathing became less even and his eyes slowly fluttered below his lashes.
Tony's heart was thumping in his throat, his blood pressure must be dangerously high with the speed of which he was panting. Seconds passed without any reply, minutes...where were they?! Suddenly, the door was unlocked and was swung open with an echoing bang.
“Uh thank God, Jarvis- what are Tony's vitals?” Steve asked still concerned but relieved Tony was at least awake.
The medics wasted no time with pleasantries and swiftly accepted Tony onto the gurney rattling of medical jargon left and right and before Steve could even blink- they'd wheeled him away inside.
He felt terribly weak and all of a sudden the need to sleep became all encompassing. The ground he was on was pretty disgusting and with the room smelling no better it didn't make for a pleasant place to kip. Again he knew he really shouldn’t sleep, he should stay awake- keep aware so not to miss any opportunity for escape, but his eyelids decided to betray sense and Tony could do little to stop the them from closing as he fell into an uninvited deep sleep.
“Speak to him Tony, and be quick about it, that wound will bleed out soon enough...” his captor called calmly right before shoving Steve sideways onto the ground and walking out of the room locking the door behind him.
The Avengers were battle ready and had their gear all set and bundled into the jet in less than an hour, and in adding that onto the six hours flight – they should reach Tony within the next seven hours, all going to plan.
Tony struggled with all the strength he could muster against his restraints, but with the drugs limiting his energy and the rising heat of the room already getting to him he found himself quickly sweating and panting for breath. His weary legs struggled to hold his weight up, but placing pressure on his elevated arms caused an aching discomfort that he was all too certain would turn to intense pain before too long.
But within that moment captured in a single picture Clint had taken of the two of them during the staring match, Steve had seen something that he couldn't quite make out, something in both their eyes, and in recording it down on paper he could study it closer.
It was around 3am when Steve was suddenly startled out of his focus by a rather unusually alarmed sounding Jarvis.
“Fury, can we track this transmission back to its location?” Steve asked trying to pull his mind together, he has to concentrate- had to think.
He watched as his captor cocked his head to the side, looking at Tony as if observing an unusual animal in a zoo pen, his team were out, he was tied up and could barely stand, and Steve was pretty much knocked out, so all Tony could do was plead with his captor... And wait...
“Thank you so much, we really appreciate it,” Steve said with genuine gratitude as he started to make his way over to sit in the chair right next to Tony.
“I’ve seen the way you look at him Steve, the way you are with him- when you’re around him,” she gently shook her head and held him strongly, as if to help in grounding him as his breathing came out uneven and ragged, “We’ll find him, we have to,- and then we'll bring him home and you'll tell him Steve, because he loves you too.”
Blood was slowly trickling down from his abused wrists where the cuffs must have been sharply digging into his skin. Steve could see various bruises and welts along most parts of where Tony's skin was visible and dark blood stained much of his clothing. He had some shallow and some deeper slash marks on his face and arms which looked to be the result of a very sharp weapon. He was also both gagged and deprived of his sight with a rags tied over his eyes and round his mouth.
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll be fine”, Tony said coldly and devoid of much feeling, “Dummy, clean up this mess, I'm going to bed”.
Tony yelled panting loud and stained. The deafening silence that followed rang through the room made him feel horribly exposed and helpless.
The hours slipped by, painfully slow as all Tony could do was pull himself lethargically up against the wall and wait for whatever was to come next. All his muscles screamed at him in pain, the sudden change of position from standing to sprawling on the floor had his arms and legs cramping in unison.
It could have been minutes, it could have been hours- Tony couldn't tell as he drifted in and out of consciousness but he could have sworn he’d heard gun fire coming from somewhere... Somewhere outside of this hell hole of a room. No... no he must be imagining things.
Natasha swallowed deep and looked Steve dead in the eyes before speaking, “A scream Steve.... it was Tony,” she said with pain.
They were pulling him, pulling and pulling at his arms and how was this possible?! They had him tied and he couldn't move, he was stuck with no way out.
The grip of the cold meal circling his wrists was unrelenting in his attempt to free his hands, he tried to open his eyes to assess his current situation only to find oppressing blackness starring back at him. In assessing the rest of his body he found that his legs were also bound with thin metal bands holding place over his thighs and ankles.
The second he’d said that last part to Tony he could see a number of emotions fly across the inventors face, he saw hurt and was so sure he noticed a look of rejection, but Steve must have been mistaken. All to quickly, Tony schooled his features as he always expertly does and in place was a look of resignation and annoyance.
Tony wheezed and let out a muffled cry breathing through the pain,- just breathe he thought, just breathe, I can get through a little rough play, the Avengers must be looking for me by now, it won't be long- just breathe.
“My problem is you willingly chose to ignore a direct order, and yes it may have worked in your favour this time- but what's to say you might not put yourself or someone else in real danger next time,- how can I
he looked down right sinful right then with his pupils blown wide in lust, kiss swollen and parted red lips and the way he slowly panted his breaths.
The team whipped round in shock to stare at the screen only to watch a glaring yellow colour light up what looked like an empty half of a room. Where is he... come on
Steve’s head suddenly ached as he felt a wash of guilt and misery come over him and he sat himself down in an empty seat at the back of the jet.
South West of your current location, around a six hour flight, sending the coordinates to you now......” Fury spoke in haste, trying at speed on the laptop he was transmitting from,- and the coordinates came flashing up in view of the Avengers,,, they found him.... God THEY’D
Still slightly reeling from the after effects of the electricity attacking his nerves, Tony chose not to respond and concentrate on bringing his breathing back to pace.
Tony was close, Steve was sure as his movements started to become jerky and faster, and when Tony suddenly placed his lips to latch on to Steve's neck once again, he gently pulled him back to within his sight,
He couldn't take it, he was certain he had hit and surpassed breaking point, why couldn't they just let him be?!!
Tony whispered almost inaudible, and Steve heart practically snapped from the pain and desperation in his voice.
With the speed and force in which Steve had hit the door, the momentum carried him at least half way into the room before he could even stop. He desperately turned in search of Tony, and finally,
If what she says is true, then they both of them may have missed their only chance to have been together, to have been truly happy..... No,
Steve’s mind took only a second to catch up with what was suddenly happening, but when it did, he placed one arm around Tony's waist to pull him closer and the other to cup the side of his face as he deepened the kiss. And in response- Tony let out a beautifully deep moan of pleasure that travelled right the way down to Steve's slowly hardening member. But when Tony decided to up the game and suddenly grind his now also hardening cock against Steve's, even through their layers of clothing- it felt
There was a definite commotion going on out there, he was certain of it now, he could hear gun fire, shouting... It was getting gradually closer....
.....” Steve breathed through his anxiety but was pulled into a strong hug before he could even break down.
As things stood between them now, Steve really felt that they had a good level of trust going and really considered Tony a friend and was sure the genius shared the sentimentality.
A new wave of determination suddenly flooded his system and he met Natasha's eyes with more strength than he'd felt in days, and again she smiled with warmth before making her way out of the conference room leaving Steve to his thoughts.
Steve mumbled in fear of what his captor had done to him, Steve turned and with all his strength- he rammed his shield into the door that he prayed Tony was behind.
Within seconds the rest of the Avengers arrived by their side and always one to down play any injury- Tony declared he was fine, just a little headache. The guys from S.H.I.E.L.D who deal with the aftermath of these battles turned up and the Avengers took that as they cue to leave.
That must mean that throughout this ordeal someone else must have seen, maybe the Avengers had been contacted and perhaps they know why he was taken and what it is that the captors wish to gain from this.
The question seemed pained to Steve’s ears and he was slightly thrown of kilter by it, he had never seen Tony so laid bare, his breathing seemed to hick and there was a slight shake to his arms, though that could have been through pain as much as the emotion that seemed to pass over his face. Tony’s eyes looked so unsure and as if desperately seeking answers to so many more unasked questions.
The doctors swiftly administered the drugs which took effect almost immediately, and Tony slowly stopped screaming and gradually stopped thrashing.
“Sir has a mild concussion and some extensive bruising to his lower back, other than that his vitals are normal, I would recommend some much needed rest and sir should be fine”, Jarvis supplied helpfully.
move and Tony's mind practically shut down in shock. Dead, he was dead, he was gone... Tony had failed....
His captor turned upon Tony's statement and glared with contempt, only to break out a second later in a full and vicious grin- “Oh don't be so sure, I'll have what I want, and you’re the key to getting it,” he spat in assurance.
- Steve come on you can do this....” Tony begged at the man laying on his side. He could hear Steve breathing heavily, could see the deep rise and fall of his chest as he sucked in oxygen from underneath the hood.
Next chapter as promised :) sorry it's a little short, but hopefully the next few will make up for that!
“Man he looks so unsteady, do you think they've given him something?” Clint said worriedly from behind them.
Tony's recovery was no easy feat,- after he’d woken that second time he’d swiftly fallen back asleep and remained unconscious for a further day and night. The doctors were happy with his this wounds and how they were healing, and were pleased that no infections had taken hold.
I'm sure, I promise,” he practically moaned right before latching on to Steve’s neck with his lips and sucking down hard. Steve tilted his head to the side to allow Tony better access as he busied himself with mapping every inch of the inventor he could reach with his hands.
Steve couldn’t seem to move, his mind just kept playing and replaying what they’d just seen, was Tony even still alive?!
“Steve, we’re just about to touch down- the medics are ready and waiting by the landing pad with a gurney to take him straight down to surgery,” Natasha called from the front of the jet some time later bringing Steve out of his darkened thoughts. Bruce removed the now used IV line and once again, Steve scooped Tony up into his arms to finally get him the medical attention he needed.
The man licked his lips greedily and grinned mockingly at Tony, “Come on now Tony, we've been through this, all you have to do is say please... Say please-and I'll let you have some water, simple as that.”
He really shouldn't have but he couldn't help it when he suddenly felt a burst of hope- and sitting in as upright a position as his abused body would allow, he forced his foggy mind to concentrate.
Steve made his was swiftly to one of the doors at the front of the building, it was dark so he was sure that the shadows concealed him pretty well. He wasn't surprised when the door wouldn’t budge, so he took out his knife and started to pick the lock. Luckily enough it was an extremely old building and the lock was therefore easy enough to break through.
Tony stalked out of the common room as quickly as his legs would take him, not waiting to hear whatever Steve was going to say in response to his tirade of rambling and not caring for another lecture he headed straight for the sanctuary of his workshop. The second the elevator doors slid shut Tony slumped against the side in defeat.
long time now- a special gift for you and your team, the rest of them, well- they only took one dart to take them down, even Banner was out cold before we could say HULK! But your boy here, oh your boy is special isn't he, hasn’t succumbed to the drugs yet and I've lost count of how many times we stuck him,” his captor spoke with pure smugness, “shame to waste such special blood, but now that I've got him... I'm not letting him go..”
S.H.I.E.L.D had been working round the clock in an attempt to locate and track the apparently very scrambled signal back to its location, apparently they were close,
Bruce came in through the door, still in scrubs after what felt like an eternity and Steve stood up so fast he felt dizzy. After closing the door behind him he spoke gently to the three of them, “he’s alright, he's out of surgery- he’s going to be fine,” he said with the ghost of a soft and compassionate smile.
“Oh my Tony your not looking so good, if there’s anything I can get you, please do tell,” the captor spoke for the first time with mock concern. He walked out of view only to return with a large and full bottle of water. Tony blinked sweet from his eyes and groaned in discomfort. Tony hadn't looked to the camera once and he didn't appear to know or realise that he was being filmed let alone that the recording was being streamed to them.
Steve looked to Clint and Natasha and they all silently made their way out the room and through the S.H.I.E.L.D medical to where they’d taken Tony.
Steve cried out almost hysterically, Tony had endured so much, he couldn't die now- not now, Steve couldn't lose him, not if he could help it!
The other four in the room all left as his captor pulled out a long piece of cloth from his pocket and Tony was once again deprived of his sight in being blind folded putting him at even more of a disadvantage and making him feel horribly vulnerable.
Steve couldn't make sense of what he’d just heard, it couldn't be possible... No, no she must have been mistaken, she must have it wrong... And as if sensing his doubt, or just plain seeing it on his face she almost lit up in a compassionate and sorrowful smile.
“Jarvis?” Steve motioned as he reached the locked workshop doors, then a green light lit the panel and he was granted entrance. Steve looked around in haste but couldn’t see Tony in any of the usual places he would be.
He desperately tried to breathe through the sudden spinning and pain rushing through his head. He heard Natasha state that the spider was down and the station was under control, so Tony decided the victory was worth a little concussion.
A buzzing and low pitched sound started to emit from above him and all too suddenly he was encompassed in a dry and burning heart from above and damn it that didn't just send his mind hurtling back to that desert in Afghanistan.
Steve looked closer and Tony was definitely sweating, he was shaking and was incredibly unsteady on his feet where he'd just pulled himself into a standing position. “He's definitely been given something, that can't be helping with distinguishing reality from their lies.” He heard Natasha say by his side.
Steve couldn’t help it when upon entering the room, his mind instantly supplied that- Tony is going to
Tony had suddenly screamed in obvious relief on the screen, and God have mercy- Steve’s heart couldn't take this any more.
With out any warning, the stunned silence in the room was suddenly destroyed by a fully pained hoarse cry coming from the blank half of the screen.
Steve breathed in hope as Natasha shifted closer in her chair. But then Tony suddenly made to move- as if to roll onto his side and with knowing that this would put pressure on his damage ribs and cause him pain- Steve made to gently place his hands on Tony's shoulders and guide him back onto his back.
As time went on Steve found himself seeking Tony’s company more and more, he wasn’t quite sure why exactly but as a result he came to know the true man behind the paparazzi smile better and better, and even though Tony’s default setting seemed to be stuck constantly on keeping those around him at arms length, Steve was slowly but surely starting to make his way over the very large and complex walls Tony had placed around himself over the years.
“No! God Tony no! None of this was your fault, not one damn part of it! God Tony, that wasn't me- it wasn't me, the person they killed, it wasn't
Tony couldn’t contain the yelp of the sting that it caused, but before he could speak, his mouth was once again bound with a rag, and he was left tied and standing alone in the middle of the room as his captor left.
Steve could feel the others around him, could feel the tension and concern in the room, but he was fully focused on the image of the room in front of him, the video was obviously transmitting a feed of the room Tony was being held in but why would they not show him? Where were the captors?! Steve needed something to work with, anything that may be a clue to help track where they are.
Suddenly, he rounded the table Tony was laying on and slammed the blunt end of something very hard into the side of his head. Stars filled his vision and the unexpected sudden attack had Tony cry out in another bout of pain. He could feel a steady trickle of blood make its way down into his hairline.
move, he couldn't even apply pressure to the wound since his hands were tied behind him, and Tony felt so damn useless ... And utterly
Suddenly, on the screen Tony could be seen to shift and slightly lift his head – as if listening to something coming from outside the room.
Tony’s cries died down when he finally hit the point where he felt he was about to pass out, he still felt fuzzy and light headed but he didn't know if that was from his shock, the drugs or both. He turned his wet red eyes to Steve and he suddenly felt numb. He was cold and shaking uncontrollably, but didn't care, he was just too numb.
Panic, though logical- seemed unhelpful at this moment as Tony came to the conclusion he must have been drugged and kidnapped....great. The last thing he could remember before waking up here was having left the tower after an argument with Steve... and then, nothing. Judging by the ache in his lower back and the hunger pangs in his stomachs it must have been at least 24 hours since then.
The most recent attack came in the form of what appeared to be an army of giant robotic ants, S.H.I.E.L.D had provided the initial report and visuals of the city where the ants where attacking civilians and requested the assistance of the Avengers.
But once again, time was their worst enemy and Steve just felt like it was running out when for a third time- Fury patched through to the Avengers tower the next transmission sent from the kidnappers.
Tony allowed his legs to take him where they pleased, too lost in his thoughts and not much caring for going anywhere in particular he hadn't realised he’d wondered down some of the quieter back streets, though the second he decided to turn tail and head back to the tower he suddenly felt a sharp sting to the back of the neck. He grabbed and pulled out what looked like a very sleek and worryingly large tranq dart, and that was the last thing he’d seen before the world went black.
He remained by Tony's side for the remainder of the journey, gently speaking soft comforts to him and holding watch of Tony's vitals. None of the others said anything and Steve wasn’t sure whether they'd heard what he said to Tony or not, but in any case- he didn't really care if they had, he was too overwhelmed and ridiculously exhausted to care.
Tony just looked up at him through teary eyes and blinked them from his view, his breath seemed to catch in his throat as he started to gently shiver,
go get Tony- Natasha is busy with a group of guards a floor up and I'll keep any from blocking out exit,
Without warning a darkened figure walked into view and made his way over to Tony. Steve heart gave a jolt and he was overcome with pure hatred and terror all at once.
“Tony! Tony- stop! Tony your safe, calm down Tony- open your eyes!” Steve tried in vain to calm the thrashing man down. Natasha too had to help keep Tony still as his movements were starting to cause the heart rate monitor to spike.
Tony watched as one of the masked men walked past the table in the middle of the room and over to the steady red light in the corner and the man brought forward a large recording camera and placed it off to the side facing Tony. He was pretty sure he know the score from here, Tony prepared his mind guessing that he was probably about to be on the receiving end of a pretty nasty beating and for a ransom video to be made of it.
Tony sucked in a crying breath as he watched his captor draw out a dangerously long, sharp knife and place the tip of it to the base of Steve's neck.
Tony hollered with his composure snapping, and before he could even continue to vent his anger, his captor burst in through the door and marched straight up to Tony until he was practically nose to nose with him. His face portrayed nothing but pure hate and disgust as he swiftly backhand Tony across the face cracking it viciously to the side.
All to sudden the walls of his workshop seemed too close, too stifling – and all he wanted was to get out of the tower and get as far away from his heart ache as possible. Without too much thought he decided that a very long walk and some fresh air would help clear his mind. Not wanting to be detected he left swiftly and unnoticed through one of the towers more hidden exits and under the cover of darkness made his way through the night.
Once he’d sat down she calmly strolled over to him, gently taking the seat to his left and breathed out and audible sigh.
The strategy was simple, they’d look to sneak in, quietly and undetected- retrieve Tony and get the hell out of there as quickly as possible, though Steve was hoping to crack a rib or two of the captors if he got the chance. But since they believed that they had the element of surprise, and with the captors then hopefully being unprepared, it made sense to go in and get out as quickly and silently as possible to help minimise the chances of an outright fight and someone getting injured.
“.... STEVE?! STEVE THE DOOR IS LOCKED FROM THE OUTSIDE... STEVE CAN YOU GET IT OPEN? I CAN'T GET TO YOU FROM HERE- I'M TIED UP!...
Days without contact, without seeing Tony had taken their toll on Steve, he was constantly agitated, constantly on edge and uncharacteristically snappy. He  knew the others were just as worried, just as concerned and desperate to bring Tony home, but Steve just couldn't pull himself together- couldn’t bring himself to even attempt to reassure them most of the time as he knew a good leader should, and he knew it was selfish, but he truly couldn’t help it- not after having seen what Tony was going through. And when Natasha had called telling him that they were again to witness their fellow avenger, their friend- their
.....” Steve breathed between pants and moans, “look at me love,- want to see you,” he begged and hoped Tony understood. And it seemed as he did since he locked eyes with Steve and stroked their cocks with renewed vigour.
“I'm fine Steve, honestly stop fussing, I've had worse- it’s nothing a little Bourbon can’t fix”, Tony stated with ease. Tony seemed to have so little care for his own safety and damn it if that just didn't make Steve suddenly see red.
Tony stood, freezing cold and completely soaked- his breathing shuddered and uneven as he struggled to remain calm. That stunt with the water had really rattled him and the frustration of his situation suddenly pissed him off to no end.
the one person he truly loves- and he'll damn we'll save him, even if it's the last thing he does- even at the cost of his own life.
“He's not responding, we need to put him under- before he really hurts himself,” the doctor decided, and
With the pair of then now practically rock hard, Tony pulled back, playful smile lighting up his face as he moved his hands down to the zipper on Steve’s jeans, and oh- did his breath catch in his throat the second he felt Tony's hand releasing his straining cock from its confines.
Steve it’s ok baby, it’s ok, just listen to my voice Steve, you’re not alone, I'm here Steve- I'm with you,....
Not wishing to see the water rise any more Tony painfully pulled his gaze from the camera, closed his eyes and waited.
“Steve, they’re transmitting again- we need you in the conference room fast,” she begged and Steve could feel his composure breaking piece by piece as he ran full pelt from his room.
sorry, it’s my fault...it’s all my fault...” Tony whispered in anguish. Steve let out a feeble cough as he shook his head from under the hood and Tony finally sobbed.
and you'll be no use to him in this state,” she said truthfully, “He will come round, he will wake up, and we need to be strong for him.”
The water level now reached Tony's chin and the inventor was straining to keep his head as high up as possible, - his eyes then suddenly darted up to look straight at the camera and stilled, like he knew, like he knew he was being watched – and he looked petrified yet all of a sudden as if in acceptance. Then without warning the screen went black and Steve’s composure shattered, he bellowed in pure dismay and hurled his phone into the adjacent wall distantly watching as it shattered into a thousand pieces,
And God – Steve suddenly realised that Tony obviously didn't think that Steve was really there with him, he probably thought it was just a dream,- a figment of his imagination.... He had to act fast, although he was certain the knife had missed the main artery in Tony's leg- it was still bleeding steadily and Tony seemed as if he would pass out again any second now.
Steve had always thought he was a patient man, always thought he could keep his cool- even under pressure, but hell- he was really struggling to keep his temper in check and the panic at bay right now.
And as the weeks passed since the incident in the workshop it seemed as though he was set on completely dismissing that it even happened. He never brought it up and acted as though everything was fine with the world. Steve tried to keep a close eye on Tony knowing that the man was definitely bottling up a hell of a lot of doubt and emotion, and a couple of time he caught Tony staring straight at him, but it was like he didn’t even realise he was doing it, like he was looking straight at him but right through him at the same time. Though when he realised what he was doing  he swiftly averted his gaze and continued with whatever his concentration was on previously.
God, Tony was calling for him, he was calling Steve’s name like it was the answer to all his prayers and Steve’s heart shattered from how his captors were using Steve to torture Tony.
In the early days of the Avengers forming there was still a constant tension between himself and Tony, there were augments, there was mistrust and he was sure that Tony actually enjoyed being relatively irritating. However as time went on they slowly began to get used to each others company.
Dear God what had Tony done to himself, Steve’s mind was running a mile a second with images of Tony laying hurt somewhere in his in his workshop alone and refusing help, that stubborn, stupid man.
“Beautiful results from these tranquillisers, don't you think Tony? We've been working on it for a very,
They say that in the moments before death your life flashes before your eyes, but Tony’s mind suddenly made him think of Steve, of the time’s they'd spent together, the moments they've laughed and the moments he’ll cherish... he loves Steve with all his heart and soul, and the fear of rejection held him back, prevented him from telling Steve how he truly feels, now he will never get the chance to tell him and that
Steve suddenly pulled himself out of where his mind was taking him and quickly pulled back before he did something stupid. Tony looked more aware now but Steve could have sworn he’d seen an expression of hurt and confusion cross Tony's face before schooling his features and making to stand up.
The relief of hearing the news he’d been longing for had Steve's legs give out beneath him and he abruptly found himself seated again- guided by the strong but gentle hands of Natasha before he could hit the ground.
Again, Fury assured the team that S.H.I.E.L.D would do everything in their power to locate Tony and said he would contact them immediately if there was any news or if another transmission was sent,- and with that Fury was gone and the screen plunged into full darkness.
Just as he was starting to wonder how he hadn’t come across a single person as of yet Steve practically walked face first into a man coming from round a corner, and before he was even half way to drawing his gun, Steve had knocked him out cold and he hit the floor with a thud. Must be heading in the right direction then, so Steve then picked up his pace and decided to go straight to the lowest level rooms.
It was late one night and after restlessly tossing and turning for what felt like hours, Steve finally abandoned any hopes of a good night's sleep and surrendered to a long night awake. He turned on his bed side lamp and the light bathed the room in an ethereal golden glow and pulling out his drawing pad and pencils he continued a sketch he’d began earlier that week. It was drawn from memory of a picture he’d seen on Clint's phone, one of himself and Tony having a staring competition. Of course most of the team had been pretty merry – if not fully drunk- off Tony's extravagant alcohol collection and they'd been bickering on who was the strongest avenger.
Tony- NO Stay awake, Tony open your eyes!!” but his head lulled to the side and he was out cold. Wasting no more time, Steve hauled Tony into his arms being mindful of the knife and held on tight to the most important person in his world as he carried him out to safety.
“Awh baby, you know me so well,” Tony said smoothly as he stood up and removed the protective gear from his face and hands. Steve noticed that Tony was wearing the clothes he always uses under his Iron Man suit, and for the life of him he couldn't help but admire the way Tony looked in it. The under suit just hugged his body in
“Love is a complicated thing Steve, it can turn the best of us crazy, make us blind, make us do and say things we wouldn’t even think we were capable of. But what I’ve seen, what I saw....what Tony
like being so close to Tony was uncomfortable, like seeing was something Steve didn't even want. And that felt like a stab to the heart and the apparent dismissal of his feelings was all too much. The more rational part of Tony's brain supplied that, of course a guy like Steve wouldn't be interested in someone like him, a perfect straight man like Steve- why on God’s green Earth would he want Tony?!
The flight was absolute torture for Steve, each second he spent worrying and pacing was another second Tony was suffering; he couldn’t stop replaying in his head what Tony had said,
“They've cut the transmission off from their end, we won't get a visual back unless they send one again,” Fury stated.
“It appears that Sir has quite badly hurt his arm, he has forbidden me from seeking professional medical assistance and as you know I can not disobey his orders, however my primary function is to care for Sir's welfare and since you appear to be the only other person awake at present, I was hoping you would be able to assess his injury?”
“Sorry what was that? I didn't quite hear you, you'll have to speak up Tony,” his captor said sweetly and Steve didn't know how much more of this he could take.
Tony cried, where was he?! He had been there with him fighting  them off, he was sure of it! Looking around desperately he noticed Steve's shield laying not to far from him, but where was Steve?! Had he left Tony to his fate, had he been taken? And no, no he couldn't lose Steve, not now-
But without warning, Tony suddenly let loose a cry of pain which escalated to thrashing and out right screaming.
Steve made his way up to the ground levels and was met by the sight of both Clint and Natasha subduing and tying up the last of the attackers. He knew they could handle themselves with this task and shortly they were left standing amidst the last of the fallen guards. S.H.I.E.L.D were due to arrive shortly and would take them all into their custody. They then made their exit from the building and hurried onto the now downed jet.
Steve hadn't realised that both he and Tony had gone quiet until he raised his once again wondering eyes to meet the man's in front of him, and damn it, he didn't think he could survive the tension in the room much longer. Tony slowly licked his lips as they beautifully parted and Steve couldn't help it when his breathing became that little bit deeper and rhythmic.
It had been a good few months now since the attack on New York and the newly formed Avengers  had slowly been getting to know each other. With the destruction and devastation of the attack still raw and fresh in the minds of the public, having the Avengers together in the heart of the city seemed only right, and they found themselves living with one and only Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, aggravating pain in the rear.
He didn’t hold back a second longer before busying himself with releasing Tony's also hardened member, and God Tony was big, not quite as large as Steve but definitely beautifully large.
Once the first sob wracked through his body he couldn't hold back, and Tony found himself uncontrollably heaving sobs of pain and grief as a wave of depression came crushing down.
Tony whispered almost too quietly to hear as he blinked through a sudden stream of tears. He chocked on a cry as he tried and failed to move.
Steve had never wanted nothing more than to both shake the man in anger for saying something  so stupid and at the same time hold him so close and tell him why,
“There now, not so difficult was it,” his captor cooed and brought the bottle up to his lips. Tony drank desperately and whimpered the second the water touched his lips.
“Can I see him?” Steve almost begged looking up with pleading eyes, it was one thing to hear that Tony was alright, but Steve wouldn't be content till he saw it for his own eyes.
He struggled feebly against the hands grabbing him and prayed that they would stop,- he could distantly hear shouting, and strangely worried tones but the noises all jumbled up into one and it became overwhelming. He was sure he could hear screaming, it sounded like his voice but he couldn’t tell and wasn’t completely sure if it was... He'd cried out so often in the last days – he just guessed it was his mind’s way of attempting to cope with everything that had happened.
- and that practically ripped Steve’s heart in two. The captor was making him think he’d subdued Steve and captured the rest of the team, he'd even gone as far  as to cover himself in fake blood and injuries to fool Tony into thinking he’d actually battled with them!! Steve watched as Tony's distress and panic escalated as he pleaded for his captor to let Steve go.
Tony-  it’s Steve, come on wake up for me- we’re getting you out of here, Tony please open you eyes!” Steve begged as he ripped the edge of Tony’s shirt off and using the material to tie just above where the knife was hideously protruding from his leg in an attempt to cut off the blood flow and slow the bleeding- knowing not to pull the knife out right there and then as it could cause more damage,- “please Tony, open your eyes, look at me darling,
Steve was gently stroking his fingers through Tony's hair and smoothing them over the bruising which marred his jaw line, he breathed a sigh- wishing he could make every one of them disappear. “You’re safe now Tony - I promise, I'll never let them get their hands on you again, they’ll never see the outside of a cell if I've got anything to do with it. We’ll get you to a doctor, we’ll get you well then we’ll get you home, I won't leave your side Tony, not for a second if that's what you want.....” Steve whispered as he gently brushed the longer locks of hair from Tony's eyes, “you just gotta hold on, just a while longer- we’ll get you to S.H.I.E.L.D as quickly as possible, just stay with me
There was no need to be so dramatic, he was fine. Though the second he lifted his head and retracted the iron Man helmet, tiny black spots danced across his vision and he was struck back with a huge wave of nausea... Ok, maybe not so fine after all.
He shifted in an attempt to relieve some pressure from his aching side but his still bound hands made even that quite a challenge, even though he was no longer forced to stand, the rope tethering him from above still wouldn't allow him to move far and he was restricted to the miniscule length it would give and the drugs still in his system made everything he did slow and clumsy.
It was cold, dim and damp down there and it really gave Steve the chills, but he pushed on till he came face to face with a large steel locked door, surely,
Captain Flawless, but it got the job done so what's your problem?!” Tony said, agitation clear in his voice.
Natasha stood a strong presence at his side, she was already battle mode ready from what Steve could see, her stance had shifted and he could see her guns holstered and prepared. Clint looked a lot less calm on the outside than Natasha, he radiated  pure agitation as Steve was sure he was as desperate as he was to get his hands round the neck of Tony’s captors. And Bruce stood a little back from everyone else, he was in much better control of the Hulk at this point, but this was an extenuating circumstance, and the Hulk is very fond of his friend Tony, Bruce couldn't guarantee that there wouldn't be a huge Hulk out if something upset the other guy.
The drugs in his system must be been extremely strong stuff, he felt very disorientated and rather dizzy, the smell of dirt and damp in the air was making him feel particularly queasy. Again, he attempted to take stock of  his surroundings in the hope of planning an escape and on looking around through the heavy darkness he could just about make out a steady, single red light... a camera, he was being watched.
“Stark that's an order, we don't know how dangerous or corrosive that substance is yet- you may not be fully protected in that suit, fall back!”Steve commanded more strongly this time.
“I'm in, I'll start with the East side lower levels,” Steve whispered before resuming radio silence. He crept down the halls checking in each room that he passed. From the look of the room Tony had been in on the videos, Steve had a hunch he was in some sort of cellar room, especially since they'd managed to flood the room with ease, must mean there were no window or such, so with that in mind, Steve headed lower down the building.
“He looks at you in the same way Steve, I've seen it- plain as day, I've been praying that you’d both realise of your own accord, but you pair of idiots are obviously too blind to see it. He loves you, and he needs you to stay strong, to keep going whilst we find a way to bring him home,” and damn does
And Steve knows how strong a person Tony is, but what he was being put through- what he is being put through made Steve feel physically sick. He looked around at the others in the room, Clint looked furious and fidgeted with pent up anger and Bruce looked green around the gills,
Steve allowed Tony to set the pace and met it with ease. He could feel that he was close, could feel that familiar tightening and pressure start in his lower stomach and work it’s way up his legs. But he was absolutely determined to hold on, to make this last and to watch Tony come apart first. He'd seen Tony's face display every imaginable emotion since from when he’d first met him, seen him happy, seen him sad, angry, joyful..... But he’s never seen him so lost in pleasure, so deep in the throws of sex and Steve will be damned if he was going to miss this now....
and not only physical, but emotional agony would rip through him with his body's every attempt at awakening, but within seconds of his dreams retreating, he realised that consciousness was not what he wanted, or where he wanted to be- because that was where Steve
The irony of the situation should have seriously had him contemplating if the universe really does have a conscience as well as a sick sense of humour- weeks without alcohol and having craved nothing but the bliss of oblivion that it can bring, to now be waking up feeling as though he’d drank the best part of a gallon of ethanol left him feeling particularly confused, he knew he hadn’t touched a drop of all alcohol in nearly a month.
Steve’s pretty sure that he should be confused or weirded out or angry or something. But really he’s just amused, mostly because this is just so ridiculous but also because he’s struck by an odd urge to call the director Mama Fury.
And ultimately that’s what sends him running away, out of the tower without a word, back to the alcohol that he hasn’t touched for months because of the way Steve’s stupid eyebrows used to furrow whenever he saw him drunk.
Steve’s still trying to come up with a proper response when Tony’s surgeon comes out, wearing a wide grin that’s instantly reassuring. He tells them that Tony’s fine and that he’s in the recovery room.
It’s been gloriously, ridiculously quiet ever since they brought Steve home from the infirmary two days ago. The other Avenger’s seemed to have realized that they’d need space after what had happened and decided to make themselves scarce.
Tony moves around to stand next to Betty as they move down because he’s positive that if he stays staring at Steve’s ass for much longer he’s either explode or do something very inappropriate in front of poor, innocent Betty.
“None of us here are exactly winning any awards for our stellar childhoods, I know,” Clint begins. “But, I was a foster kid with a disability-” He fiddles with one of his hearing aids. “Nothing was ever certain for me. Working for SHIELD was the easiest decision I’ve ever made because I had nothing to risk. And up until eight and a half years ago, I think we all felt a little like that. I think we were all a little adrift. But then we got each other. And we took that and made a team and then a home and then the closest thing to a family I’ve really ever had. So I am thankful. I’m thankful for our jobs because they’re important and I’m thankful for this house because it’s amazing. But most of all, and I think I speak for everyone here, I’m thankful for the six of you because you give me something to be certain about.” Clint takes a deep breath, tips the glass towards his mouth, and says “Now in the immortal words of the wizened philosopher Natasha Romanov: ‘We all made it. Let’s eat.”
“Well maybe, if you bothered to pay attention to anything other than lover boy over there, you would have noticed that I’ve been trying to get your attention for the past five minutes.”
“Rhodey, honey bear, platypus, light of my life, I’m a 20 year old nerd working on his second PhD, who everyone thinks bought his friends and his way into this school because his daddy is a billionaire. There’s no way saint-like Steve is going to like someone like me. So could you guys please just leave it alone?” Tony sighed, frustrated with himself and his friends. He got up and walked away from the football field despite hearing his friends call him back. He needed some time alone.
Steve eventually risked a glance at Tony, only to find the boy’s eyes focused on their hands. Tony looked up at Steve, looking confused. “Steve?”
Rhodey and Pepper both encouraged him to tell Steve how he felt. “Come on Tones, the guy is obviously head over heels for you. He literally has been waiting on you, hand and foot. You’re practically my baby brother but I wouldn’t do half the things he’s done for you. Just tell him how you feel, I’m 100% sure he feels the same,” Rhodey encouraged with a soft smile.
If he had a crush on Steve before, he’s definitely in love with the guy now. Steve had been such a sweetheart, helping him carry his books, spending time with him in his lab to make sure he wasn’t overexerting himself, cooking for him when Tony forgot to eat. He was doing so much for Tony and Tony couldn’t help but fall even more in love with him. Only problem was, Tony didn’t know what to do about these feelings he had.
Steve, who had started to walk faster, looked at Tony’s pale face. “Tony, come on now don’t pass out on me. Come on, keep your eyes open for me, doll.” Steve started into a jog, becoming worried when Tony didn’t respond to him. Oh god, please let him be okay. Please let him be okay.
“Shhhh, Tones. I’m sorry let me turn down the lights.” Tony vaguely registered his hand being let go and noticed the light behind his eyelids go down. He slowly blinked his eyes open. He looked around and noticed the room was a lot darker than before, but he could still tell he was in a hospital room of some sort.
“No! Please stay,” Tony added quickly. “I mean, I would like if you stayed. You know, if you wanted to, that is.”
The first thing he registered was pain. A shit load of pain. The second was an annoying beeping noise coming from somewhere. The third was someone’s hand firmly grasping his own. Slowly, Tony opened his eyes only to see a bright light. He whimpered loudly and closed his eyes quickly, feeling a stabbing sensation in his brain.
“Yeah, you better run you assholes!” As soon as they were on their way, Tony, still lying on the ground, clutching his stomach, heard someone run over to him. He looked up and…
“Come off it, platypus. Where is my knight in shining armor anyways?” Tony asked, trying to be nonchalant but obviously failing.
“Steven, don’t try and ask questions about things you don’t understand. We start with Episode IV. That’s how everyone should watch them. Now stop asking stupid questions and watch the movie.” Tony nudged Steve in the arm, while leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve sighed in relief, but blushed at Tony words. God, that smile could cure cancer. “Well, now that you’re awake and Pepper and Rhodey are here I guess I should go,” Steve said with a slight frown. He didn’t want to leave but he also didn’t want to intrude.
“Something I should’ve done a long time ago.” And with that, Steve grasped Tony’s chin with his other hand and slowly slotted their lips together. Moments later and not having not gotten a response from Tony, Steve pulled back. He let go of Tony’s hand and tried to move away.
“Ugh guys, fine! Yes, I find the guy attractive. Yes, I might have a tiny crush on him, but it’s fine because I’m just going to pine from afar.” Tony smirked his casual “nothing bothers me” smirk. He definitely had no chance with Steve so there was no point in trying to do anything about his crush. He’d figured that out a long time ago.
It was a couple weeks later when things finally came to head. Steve and Tony were sitting on Steve’s bed in his dorm, watching a movie. “I still don’t get why we’re watching the fourth one first. Shouldn’t we start with the first movie?” Steve glanced over at Tony, who was sitting right next to him. So closely, in fact, that their thighs were tightly pressed against each other. (Two guys, sitting on a twin bed next to each other? Of course they’ll be practically on top of one another.)
“I know you’re scared of getting your heart broken, but Tony, that guy is totally in love with you. Just the way he looks at you, you can tell,” Pepper added. “And on the off chance that he does end up hurting you, Rhodey and I will totally kick his ass.”
“But-“ Tony started, wriggling in Steve’s arms which aggravated his side and led to an extreme amount of pain. “Oh fuck, okay I take it back!” Tony whined, breathing deeply to try and deal with the pain. Maybe if he just closed his eyes, he could just pass out. Yeah, that sounded nice. “I think I’m just going to close my eyes for a bit…”
“I’m - I’m sorry, Tony. Shit, I messed everything up. Just forget I did th-“ Steve tried to finished, but was interrupted by lips on his. Tony cupped Steve’s face and firmly pressed their lips together.
Steve sucked Tony’s lower lip into his mouth before softly biting it, leading Tony to groan loudly. Slowly, they came apart. Tony pressed his forehead to Steve’s. “Jesus, Steve. You don’t know how long I’ve wanted to do that.”
“Like who? Are we talking about Tony’s huge crush on Steve again?” Rhodey asked, sitting next to Pepper on the bench.
Pepper’s voice softly reached his ears, “Steve called us as soon as he took you to urgent care and told us what happened. We came right away. You’ve been out for about 5 hours. The doctor said you have four broken ribs, a mild concussion, a fractured sternum, a busted lip, and a broken nose.”
Well shit. Brock Rumlow was linebacker on the football team and the stereotypical douche jock who thinks he’s all that. He also happens to hate Tony’s guts. Most likely because Tony decided to trip him in public after he saw him grab a girl’s ass after she’d already turned him down.
Pepper and Rhodey glance at one another and slowly back out of the room, leaving Steve and Tony to work things out themselves. “Oh, don’t mention it. I would’ve done the same for anyone else.” Jesus, Rogers. You would’ve done the same for anyone else, way to make the guy feel special.
Steve smiled. “You’re friends with Rhodey right? He’s on the football team and talks about you all the time.” Tony was going to kill Rhodey.
“Tones, I know you’re scared he won’t like you back, but that is the worst possible scenario. Steve’s a good guy and would never be a dick about something like this. You should at least try.” Rhodey and Pepper sent encouraging smiles Tony’s way.
Steve opened his eyes, looking straight into Tony’s. He brought his hand up to Tony’s cheek, caressing it softly. “Why didn’t you ever say anything?”
“Hey! What the fuck’s going on?” Thank god. He vaguely heard Rumlow yell, “Shit, run!” but, he couldn’t bother to try opening his eyes, so he laid on the ground, trying to gain his breathe.
Seeing Tony’s face fall, Steve backtracks, “I mean, not that you’re not special or anything. Because you are Tony, you totally are. I just mean that anyone would’ve done what I did, whether it was you or someone else because it was the right thing to do. But I am glad it was you that I found. I mean - not that I’m glad that this happened to you but I mean like I’m glad I was the one who found you? No that’s not right either, I’m sorry how bad am I messing this up?”
The doctors eventually let Tony leave the hospital after a few days, with his promise that he would take it easy for a few weeks while his injuries healed. Since then, Steve has been glued to Tony’s side. After practically grilling Tony on exactly what happened, Tony finally gave Steve and Rhodey all the details, including who did it. And if Rumlow magically decided to quit the team 2 days later, well, Steve and Rhodey just smirked to themselves and fist bumped. Yeah, it was probably a mistake letting those two become friends.
“Oh, yeah, Clint. Funny guy. Don’t know how he deals with Natasha though, I mean her looks could kill.” They both chuckled, before Tony grimaced, obviously in pain.
Tony smiled gratefully at Steve and let his eyes fall shut. Just before he fell asleep, he felt soft lips at his forehead. “Sleep well, Tony,” Steve whispered, as he kissed his forehead.
Tony’s eyebrows raised at that. “Steve, that’s ridiculous. You’re literally the epitome of human perfection. Anyone would be lucky to have you.”
Pepper smiled, evidently seeing through Tony’s facade. “He’s been by your beside this whole time. He just went to grab some coffee for all of us. He should be back soon though, don’t worry,” Pepper added with a wink.
And with that, Tony brought their lips together in a passionate kiss. Tony swept his fingers throughout Steve’s hair, tugging a little, leaving Steve groaning. Steve let his hands roam, running them up and down Tony’s sides before grabbing his ass and pulling him closer. Tony yelped before he moaned. The change in position lead Tony to grind against Steve.
Steve, still squeezing Tony’s ass, ended their kiss and started peppering kisses along Tony’s neck. When he reached the juncture where his neck and shoulder met, Steve bit down hard and then sucked. Tony let out a loud moan at that. “God, Steve.”
Tony smiled brightly at him, before straddling his lap. Bringing their foreheads together, Tony brushed their noses together. “You certainly can, baby. As long as I can call you mine as well.”
Steve and Tony had been hanging out almost everyday since then and Tony has learned so much about Steve over the past two weeks, like how his birthday’s on the fourth of July and how he loves dogs but hates cates, how he used to look like a shrimp for a majority of his life but hit puberty late and eventually bulked up (which Tony admittedly did not believe until Steve finally gave in and showed him pictures. Tony still keeps one in his wallet.)
Steve’s thumb brushed Tony’s lip out of his teeth, before leaning in and kissing the brunette again. Steve pulled away and looked at Tony’s hazy eyes. “I’ve had a crush on you for so long, Tony. Every time Rhodey talked about you at practice, I was always so eager to hear more about you because I was too shy to actually talk to you. You’re cute and funny and smart and I didn’t think that
Tony blushed slightly, breaking eye contact with Steve. “I was scared. I didn’t know if you felt the same way. I’ve had these feelings for a long time and we were just getting close. I didn’t want to ruin anything,” Tony added, biting his lip.
“Well pretty much like shit. But from what I heard of my injuries, I guess that makes sense? Thanks for saving me back there, really appreciate it,” Tony said with a grimace. Really appreciate it? Really? The guy practically saves your life and that’s what you’re going to go with, Tony chastises himself.
Tony nodded slowly, acknowledging his concussion. “Okay, I’m sorry you guys. I’ll try not to worry you guys so much, but this time it wasn’t even my fault!”
He headed towards the labs to try and relieve some stress and to finish up a project he’d been working on. He’d been hoping to pitch it to his dad when he got back from his business trip in Japan, but he wasn’t sure it was good enough. Walking towards his car, he was replying to some texts when he ran into someone.
“Besides, my friend Clint’s dating your friend Natasha.” In reality, that wasn’t the only reason Steve knew Tony. Ever since he spotted Tony in his physics class, he was immediately drawn to the boy. At first, he assumed he was a freshman, but then, he found out Tony was actually the TA, and well that made him even more attracted to him. He always had a thing for smart guys. He found out who Tony was, and had basically been head over heels. But he had never gotten the balls to talk to him.
Tony nodded limply. He grabbed Steve’s hand and tried to steady himself, before realizing he couldn’t stand on his ankle properly, and toppled right into Steve. “Sorry,” he half mumbled.
And if the next time Rhodey and Pepper saw Tony, he was holding Steve’s hand with light bruises along his neck, well they definitely didn’t say I told you so.
He picked up Tony’s hand and slotted their fingers together, pulling both their hands into his lap. Steve didn’t dare look at Tony and stared straight ahead at the movie. Deep breaths, Rogers. Oh god, did Tony even notice? Was his hand sweating? He should’ve wiped his hands on his pants before hand, shit.
“How can you say that Tony?! The doctor said that if Steve hadn’t stopped those guys when he had you could’ve had serious, permanent trauma! Things could’ve been even worse!” She grasped his hand, trembling.
Rhodey spoke up. “Pepper’s right, Tony. Those guys could’ve permanently injured you. You can’t be so blasé about these types of things. We’re your best friends, we’re always going to worry about you.”
Steve, Thor, and Natasha are already fully laughing at them when Clint asks “Is this when I make the obligatory how many PhDs does it take to light a fire joke or are we waiting until after we’ve all missed the ball drop?”
“Nah,” Steve says, trying to keep his tone light and failing. “It’ll take more than M.O.D.O.K to outsmart any of us. But, I would’ve if I had to. If I knew it would keep you safe.” Steve shakes him a little when he sees that Tony’s eyes are nearly completely closed. When Tony’s refocused on him Steve shoots him a nearly blinding smile that’s a little forced around the edges and says, “I could never leave my best guy behind.”
“Are you serious? You’ve been living in my tower for approximately three seconds and you’re already getting judgy?”
M.O.D.O.K cackles again and now Tony is the one who’s tempted to rip his face off. “I’ll give you five minutes to make your decision.” All the screens go dark.
Steve’s lived in the tower for close to six months now and Tony’s seen him react to a lot of new technology but he’s never seen his face light up the way it does when he sees his drawings come to life. He reaches out with awe and says “How did you…?”
“Oh, Steve,” Tony sighs, moving his hands up to his face to wipe the tears away and haul him close for a hug. “Did you go alone?”
As he places his glass back down on the table and Bruce goes to cut the turkey, Tony catches Clint’s eye from across the table. He can’t help but smile. The others around them start passing around sides and chattering about the parade floats from earlier. Clint smiles back while Steve brings their joined hands to his mouth for a kiss. Steve only lets go to accept some mashed potatoes from Thor and even when he does Tony feels so grateful he thinks he could burst.
“You’re something else,” Tony says, finally breaking the silence. He brings a hand to Steve’s neck and gently massages, finding a knot forming there after what must have been at least an hour spent bent over his pumpkin.
“And what do I say when I get there? ‘Oh, sorry I disappeared for three days. I was just pining away for you. No big deal!’ I can’t. I can’t go back.”
“Do you ever think that we push too far? That we know too much, know each other too well?” Tony finally asks and Steve is so numb he can’t move, can’t even feel his lips when he responds.
To retreat away from whatever that feeling in his throat is and go back to the cold, hard facts. He nods and shoos Steve away to one of the benches in the corner.
It was torture. Torture to have Tony so close, acting like there wasn’t anything wrong, but still be denied the one thing he wanted. He supposes that he should be grateful that Tony is so willing to build up a friendship with him, grateful that he can have Tony in any capacity. But in this matter he can’t bring himself to be any but selfish, can’t force his heart to want anything else.
“I. Don’t. Think. So,” he said, punching out the words. “You are part of a team, Rogers. A team you are supposed to be Captain of. A team that is currently fighting without you. So you get yo’ ass in gear, kill some aliens, and move into the goddamn tower with your team.”
“You okay up there?” he asks when Steve starts to look a little too far away and feel a little too tense.
The air is too thick around them. Steve can hardly breathe. Tony is looking at him so lovingly and so tenderly that he can’t take it. “Tony,” he stutters. “Please don’t say all of this. Nothing’s going to change.”
“Yeah, a bit.” It’s true. Tony always thought that if things ended with Steve that he’d fall into a horrible, alcohol-nightmare cocktail, downward spiral and he did for a little while. But it’s gotten better. The pain is still there. The
“Uh,” Steve says, shuffling his feet and moving around the plates on the tray to grab a sketchpad that had been hidden underneath a sandwich. “I was actually hoping that I could stay and sketch, maybe?”
“You still mad at Coulson?” Steve teases. He’s way too proud of the fact that he rendered Tony speechless.
He doesn’t find anything, though his eyes do almost bug out of his head when they land on the painting of the young man, legs spread wide open, above Steve’s bed.
“I mean, maybe he’ll be a little hesitant but I’ll talk to him. It’ll be all good!” Tony says, sounding like he’s trying to convince himself as much as he’s trying to convince Steve.
They all sit in silence for a bit before Clint gets out of his chair and walks over to Steve’s boxes, rummaging through them shamelessly. “You got anything in here that we can put up to make this place look a little less like a fuckin’ hospital ward?”
They just look at each other for a minute. Tony digs his toes in the sand and soaks in the warmth. The wind off the ocean blows Steve’s damp hair to and fro but Steve doesn’t move his hand from Tony’s to try and push it back into place. Tony turns his head and places a quick kiss right next to Steve’s belly button. Steve’s small grin grows into a full smile and Tony feels on top of the world.
And now Tony knows he’s teasing him because he never brings up the Kiss the Cap apron unless he’s poking fun at him.
Steve just starts to punch the punching bag even harder, hoping that Tony will get the idea and leave him alone.
“Steve,” he says, trying to keep his voice level. “There’s something I wanted to ask you about. Something private, something I didn’t want to talk about with Bruce and Betty around.”
Natasha is the first to answer as Fury watches her dodge another blast on the screen. “We hadn’t seen them all day and when we tried to call them before we left JARVIS had been turned off. We figured they had left already but we can’t find them. Do you have their location?”
Steve doesn’t remember the last time he’s gone a day without laughing, even if it’s against his will. His nightmares have ebbed and he sleeps through the night now that he does so with Tony in his arms. He has never felt so healed, so completely loved.
Steve rolls his eyes at that and Tony isn’t even remotely surprised by his sass anymore. He’s just determined to get his hands back on that book.
“Really, Katniss? You’re defending something to me because of its poetic value? You were belching the alphabet
He’s disappointed that Tony’s heading towards the door already but not shocked. Steve’s actually more surprised that he’s gotten this much conversation out of him. Tony usually doesn’t function until he’s had at least two cups of coffee.
Steve moves back into their room. Tony is so thoroughly disgusted with the room and so adamant that they will never separate ever again that he turns the entire floor into a bowling alley. Clint’s stupid frame is still bolted to the wall so Tony buys a real Caravaggio to put in the frame. Steve nearly dies, partially because it’s
They whine a lot but Steve knows that they’re happy for them if only because Steve and Tony are happy.
stare boring into the back of his skull and for once he doesn’t even care. All he feels at the moment are happiness and relief.
“Good morning,” Steve says in return. He’s been up for a while already but he didn’t want to wake Tony. He had been particularly tired the night before, passing out on Steve’s shoulder without his usual bedtime sexual innuendo.
Tony and Clint both quiet down as per her request but Tony can feel Clint shaking with restrained laughter at her look of concentration and it does nothing to help him keep his own laughter at bay. They watch as she tries to cut the W in Stew into a separate v and near-e type shape. It fails miserably as the red frosting trails behind the knife on its downward swipe, turning Stew into Stey /.
Thor laughs his usual echoing bellow of a laugh, Natasha’s face twists into a look of disgust that everyone knows is just for show at this point, and Bruce’s gal turns to face them all smiles.
Tony sighs and lets go of his hand. “Me too, gorgeous,” he whispers. And then he turns around and he’s gone and Steve’s entire body aches.
“Do you hear that?” he asks, and a fond smile spreads across Steve’s face. He can’t help but find the fact that as smart as Tony is, he can’t manage anything even slightly complicated first thing in the morning endearing.
“Uh huh,” Steve says nodding along even though Tony doesn’t sound particularly repentant. “Well you should probably go see him before he decides to show up at the house again.”
after their night in the lab but he had promised to repress them, to ignore them, to write them off as lust gone sentimental.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, trying to sound soothing and only sounding shaken. He gingerly removes the gag from Tony’s mouth and strokes Tony’s cheek. The rough leather of Steve’s gloves makes for a less then tender touch but Tony leans into it nonetheless.
Tony smiles, “That woman bakes like a crazy person. I may have had two before I came up here. Or four hundred.”
“I know,” he hears from somewhere off to his right. He would usually crack an eye open in response, but he’s luxuriating in this moment; relaxed in a way that he so rarely is. The voice to the right continues, “There’s nothing like the first warm, sunny day of spring in New York City.”
He overrode JARVIS’ security measures within a few minutes and walked down the hall towards the kitchen and into a large cloud of thick, black smoke.
Steve still hesitates and Tony can’t take it. He buries his head beneath Steve’s chin and whispers into his collarbone. “I love you.”
Tony groans and presses his face into Steve’s neck. Steve honestly has no clue what to do in this situation. It’s just too bizarre.
Tony just laughs. “It’s so stupid, you know? ‘Cause I’ve done this. I did this and failed. It flopped. It crashed and burned miserably. And I said ‘No, nope. Never again. You weren’t meant for this, Stark.’ Yet here, I am!”
Tony looks down at Steve in their bed and focuses on the steady up and down movement of Steve’s chest to center him.
Tony’s voice is slurred as his head lolls back and forth and his eyes struggle to stay focused. It’s clear that he’s so drugged he probably doesn’t even know his right from his left. It doesn’t make Steve feel any better though. Especially when his response is, “I’m Steve. I’m your….”
“No! You’re going to be a miserable bastard whether you don’t tell him or you tell him and he doesn’t return the sentiment. So you might as well tell him. Now I am going downstairs and I am going to wait in my car for exactly five minutes before I drive off and send some very violent S.H.I.E.L.D agents to come bust a cap in your ass. Understood?”
Tony just brushes him off with a swipe of his hand. “This isn’t even that big of an event. She’ll be fine. I wouldn’t have suggested that Bruce bring her if I didn’t think that she could handle it,” he says, going back to fixing his cufflinks like it’s nothing.
There are so many wittier, more handsome piss ants who’ve tried to take me down roaming around out there.”
Fury shook his head, trying to wrap his head around the situation. The only thought he managed as he waved Natasha off and got into his car was,
He looks down at the book and back up at Steve a few times, making sure that Steve isn’t going to turn away from the onions he’s chopping anytime soon, before cracking the book open. Tony’s expecting to see some sort of illicit information, possibly the all the numbers of people Steve has been having secret, tawdry affairs with. He nearly fumbles the book when he sees what’s actually in there.
Natasha rather rudely pushes Tony off of Steve’s lap. He glares at her a little but doesn’t go far, standing right behind Steve and singing Happy Birthday to him at the top of his lungs when the cake is put down on the table.
“Steve had already contacted the major retailers in the city by the time he told us,” Betty says. “So, Bruce and I started putting out feelers at local pawn shops. As well as doing research into shops that would’ve closed in the last thirty years. That took us a while but we eventually found the shop and the original bill of sale.”
“Did they take anything off of me when they took me into the burn unit?” Steve asks and the way he says it makes Tony think that he’s asking about something very specific though Tony can’t imagine what.
“Steve, that fire was so hot it practically disintegrated your gloves. If the ring did manage to survive it was probably a mangled mess by the time they got you out,” Tony explains, trying to keep the bitterness out of his voice.
“Did you take that out of my pocket?” Steve’s voice is razor sharp in a way that Tony hasn’t heard in months and it makes a little part of him twinge on the inside.
“Nat,” Tony starts, unable to keep the laughter bubbling in his throat from starting to surface. “I really think he’s going to find it funny.”
“Hey, Tony,” he says gently, laying his hand over one of Tony’s as he comes to stand beside him. “How’re you feeling?”
“Anyway, I just happened to be passing the door to your hovel here and saw that lovely angry vein in your forehead popping out like it was trying to escape and decided to charm you with my presence.”
The new suit is definitely a little bulkier with padding. The color palette is muted, more gray and silver than red, white, and blue, but it still has the giant star and stripes on his chest. They’d added chevrons and some other military symbols on his arms to make up for the lack of flair.
“What about my ring?” He sounds so distraught that Tony is almost touched. He probably would be if Steve had sounded even half as distraught over almost dying.
Tony walks over. He takes one of Steve’s shaking hands in his and presses his lips to Steve’s knuckles. He leaves a lingering kiss there and Steve pants and hiccups as he finally starts to cry.
“I know,” Steve says, his eyes still watery but affectionate. He lets his head fall on Tony’s shoulder. “I know I was being stupid.”
,” Tony scoffs, trying his best not to let Steve’s anger make him get too defensive. You know, for the sake of growing as a human being and all that. “It fell out onto the floor and I saw your slightly obsessive lists of all things random when I picked it up.” Nothing wrong with a little embellishment.
“No, Tony, no it doesn’t,” Steve fights, because that’s what Steve always does when his back up against the wall. “I know that I pushed too far last time but that’s not how it always is and you know it. I love you. I love you so much, Tony, I-”
It started last Wednesday when Natasha made him wait two hours so that she could go to the common floor with him to retrieve a book he had left in the living room earlier that day, saying that she just wanted to spend time with him. And then Bruce had insisted that they eat the takeout they had taken home for the team in the living room rather than take it to the other side of the floor where the dining room was. Just this morning, Steve had demanded that they have breakfast in bed rather than join the others in the dining room. Not that Tony had minded but still –
They all take a moment to glance over towards Jane, who had just flown in the night before, and Thor. They’re standing in a gazebo atop a nearby hill, and while no one can hear what they’re saying to each other, everyone can see Jane’s arms flailing in agitation.
And frankly, if he couldn’t make things work with Pepper how can it ever work with Steve? And what happens then? When he inevitably fucks things up and Steve breaks it off?
Steve’s head snaps up from where it was hanging, fingers falling away from where they had been rubbing his temples. He takes in the image of Tony leaning on the doorframe of his shoebox of an office at SHIELD’s New York headquarters and takes a minute to just blink and make sure that he isn’t some sort of paperwork induced haze.
Tony smiles a sad little smile at him and steps across the hallway to stand right in front of him. He brings a hand up to Steve’s cheek and he presses so gently that his touch is just barely there. “You’re such a good man,” Tony says, voice raw and earnest and tender in a way that Steve’s never heard from him before. “You see the best in everyone. It’s obvious to you. But to people like Bruce. Like me…Steve,” he trails off for a moment. “Steve if I ever hurt you like that I’d never forgive myself.”
you can be, Captain America,” Tony breathes. Steve turns his head in response, just far enough to brush his lips over Tony’s.
but his mind can’t help but wander now that the thought is in his head. He scans the room twice and frowns when he doesn’t see Steve’s work bench or his easel. He had been hoping to get a glimpse at whatever Steve was working on. And maybe see if he was using the brushes Tony gave him for his birthday.
Tony swings open the door and moves to walk out into the hall, opening his mouth to tell JARVIS to start the coffee maker, but is stopped dead in his tracks by the sounds and smells of people making breakfast.
“Yeah,” Tony says simply, pressing his lips to Steve’s as the ball hits the ground and all sound is reduced to the cheers from the screen and Thor bellowing “Happy New Year, Midguard!”
Steve can’t help but grin, feeling the warm, fond feeling that usually accompanied Tony’s presence spread through his chest.
Steve pauses, holding the last thing in their cart (a box of Ritz crackers) for a moment, before saying, “Thanks, Tony.”
“Yeah, Tony, but that doesn’t mean that she’s great match for Bruce. I mean, do you even see Bruce being open to dating anyone? We’ve known the man for over two years now and he’s still a little detached.”
Rhodey just laughs and Betty hits Tony’s shoulder hard enough to push him back a few inches. “Hey! Don’t hate because I’m…” she breathes a deep and ridiculous sigh. “Incandescently happy.”
Tony watches as the team advances farther into the room, the others hanging back behind Cap and waiting for their orders. Steve looks just about ready to open his mouth and start doling out orders when the floor tiles beneath Steve’s feet buckle, causing him to fall backward and his shield to go skittering back towards the team.
so freely that I wonder how I ever did it without you.” He watches as the tears slowly pool in Steve’s eyes and overflow but Steve only clutches him tighter and looks at him with a look that is so intense that it bores into his soul and all the things he thought he’d never say aloud come pouring out. “You are the stutter in my heart and the fire in my veins and the joy in my soul and I vow to never take that for granted. I vow to protect you with all that I’ve got. I vow to always make you laugh, even when you don’t want to. Especially when you don’t want to.” Tony’s heart leaps in delight when Steve actually laughs a little. “And most of all, I vow to always try to be worthy of your love.”
Ever since Tony had come to Steve’s room he had taken to ramming through all of the carefully constructed barriers Steve had put between them like it's nothing. He elbows Steve playfully at the kitchen counter, comes to his room with an armful of movies to watch, peeks into the gym while he and Natasha are sparring. He has been systematically throwing away every bit of protection Steve has built in for himself, seemingly trying to build back up some sort of relationship with Steve. But what did he want? Friendship? Steve couldn’t be friends with Tony. Not as long as he still feels the way he does for him.
“Oh.” Steve feels relieved for a moment, happy that Pepper truly seems to not have any trouble with their
Tony’s gaping at him, lips moving soundlessly as he searches for something to say in the wake of Steve’s rage and he can’t.
“Really?” Steve asks with a smile when he sees the camera in Tony’s hands. “Is this something that requires photographic evidence?”
The spell seems to break when her eyes land on his name tag, literally shaking herself out of it. “I’m so sorry,” she apologizes. “My brother was in the army. You have a few of the same medals.”
“You’re only doing that because you know that you’re an even bigger sap than I am!” Betty says as she flounces past him, guiding Rhodey away with a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Come on, Jim. I want to hear all about how that peace summit in Bogota you were telling me about at the wedding went!”
“And you love the pies!” Betty supplies as she tries to hoist herself into the tree. Bruce drops the bag of apples he had been holding in favor of diving to make sure Betty doesn’t fall and break her neck. The apples roll away. Steve laughs again, harder this time.
?” Steve says rolling his eyes. He’s smiling a little, that twitchy half smile he gets when he doesn’t want to be amused but he is anyway. Tony knows his annoyance is just for show when Steve says, “Maybe I put together my harem so that I could have people who help me check out at the supermarket.”
“Ah, no,” she says, averting her gaze for the first time. “My father wasn’t very supportive of women in the military. He pretty much left me to my own devices.”
He’s covered in snow that he’s currently tracking through the tower’s common area but he smiles wide and genuine as he peels his hat off and drops it on a nearby end table. “I was in town. I didn’t think I would have time to stop by but my flight back to DC got cancelled with all of this,” he says gesturing out the window. “I thought I’d stop by and see you.”
He likes to think it hadn’t always been this way, that in the beginning it had been strictly S.H.I.E.L.D related nagging. But the more he thinks about it, the more he thinks that it was never so.
A hologram bursts forth out of the workbench, just like the holograms uses to work on his blueprints. But this time instead of blueprints being projected, it’s Steve’s drawings of seals rotating before them in 3D.
“I can’t promise that,” Steve says ruefully. “But I can promise to try not to be reckless if you promise the same.”
Thor and Clint are counting down aloud and Natasha is tapping her foot along to the beat of their counting.
Tony passes his hands over the sketchbook and a blue light follows him every movement. He types a few commands into the computer, feeling Steve’s eyes following his every move with curiosity. Tony moves quickly, Steve’s curiosity spurring him on, and can’t help but exclaim “Ta da!” when it’s all done.
“Barton, isn’t it enough that you’re tagging along on my Valentine’s Day? This was supposed to be a double date with Bruce and Betty.” Tony shoots a sharp glance towards the edge of the rink, where Bruce and Betty are most decidedly not skating, instead choosing to lean up against the wall making soppy faces at each other.
“I have to admit that I had a little bit of a crush on Cary Grant back in middle school,” Tony says as Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell trade quips on the screen.
Steve wrings his hands in the waiting room as he waits for the doctor to come out of surgery with any news. He knows the death by appendectomy isn’t really a thing that happens but it doesn’t really stop the worry.
Tony’s head snaps up, shaken out of whatever project he’d been immersed in to see Steve standing a few feet in front of him, holding a tray of food with his brows all scrunched up in concern like the giant mother hen he can be sometimes. He doesn’t bother to correct him. It’s been way longer than sixteen hours.
“Nothing,” Tony says, deciding not to pursue to the Cary Grant crush any further. He files it away for later. “I was just thinking that as much as we enjoy Cary, we have to start getting you into films made after 1945.”
“Steve?” Tony calls as he walks into their room. “Steve, I’m home and honestly a little disappointed that it was Betty who greeted me after being away for two weeks.”
They have movie nights on Mondays and Thursdays, barring national emergencies, and have even gone out to dinner together a couple of times. The more time they spend together the more they realize that they have the same taste in more than just movies. They both love New York City and jazz. While Steve tends to like bikes better, he can’t deny the excitement he felt when Tony showed him his garage full of cars and said “Go nuts.” Sometimes Tony will bring Steve down to the lab with him and show him some new piece of armor or tech he’s cooking up for the team just to get his opinion. Steve will bring Tony meals down there if he stays down long enough. They’ve even come to laugh at each other’s biting sense of humor rather than fight over it.
“Come now,” Thor says, cutting in before Clint can start defending his truly deep and expressive soul to Tony. “It is a tale of love and sacrifice. You of all people should be able to appreciate it.”
Tony grins at that, finishing off his drink and refilling it with well-practiced ease. “Red,” he replies. “Hot rod red. Cherry red.”
“And then we all cleaned up and got the room ready. We had it delivered last week while you were at that conference in Shanghai!” Betty says happily, practically bouncing on the balls of her feet.
“I haven’t used that thing since before the Avengers were a thing and I moved my office up here.” Tony says slowly, trying to piece together whatever clues he can from the complicated series of looks the others are giving each other. “I thought that the only thing in there was a dust bunny colony.”
When he gets up to the roof he just has to stop and admire the sight of Steve walking back and forth across the roof in his PJ’s and bedhead lighting candle after candle. He looks beautiful illuminated by the soft glow. The sounds of the city are muted and the sky is so dark that it’s easy to believe that they’re in their own little private bubble.
“What’s your favorite color?” Tony asks, thoroughly ignoring Steve’s attempt to cut this whole exercise short. He looks up at him like Steve’s answer will unlock some great secret and it makes Steve question his sanity for a second.
“Sure,” Tony agrees congenially. “Though I am curious about what movie was bad enough that you walked out of it early.”
Tony looks at him appraisingly and Steve’s not sure if Tony is going to come back at him with a well-crafted, pessimistic barb or a change of subject so Steve strikes before Tony can speak again.
Tony pretends to retch into his grocery bag as long as it takes to wring a laugh out of Rhodey, which isn’t long at all, and the warm and fuzzy feeling grows.
Steve frowns and his eyes get this sad, faraway look and Tony hates this. “I’m fine,” Steve says. “Just a couple of bumps and bruises. I should be fine by tomorrow.”
Steve snaps out of it pretty quickly, returning his gaze to Tony in a matter of seconds. It takes a moment but eventually he says, “Yeah, it’s just weird. I remember when that thing was first built.”
He lets himself think back to the pitiful drunkard in his passenger seat, and cracks a small grin for approximately two milliseconds before he turns on his heel and follows them down the hall.
Tony chooses that moment to groan, “Oh my God, I bet you have a fantastic ass. Please do a twirl for me.
He’s still so in love with Tony that it hurts. It still feels like a fresh, open wound, like he’s missing a limb. He doesn’t want to be doing this. He wants to bring his stuff back upstairs where it belongs, where he belongs. He wallows for a good few minutes before he collects himself and turns the doorknob.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony demands, feeling like he’s going out of his mind. It’s only four days to Christmas and he can’t help but wonder if this is some sort of weird Dickensian morality lesson where the ghost of Jacob Marley is hiding in his dining room.
SHIELD had offered him a space to conduct his work back when he was still living in Brooklyn and he had accepted it, even though he was almost positive that it was a broom closet that they had scrambled to convert for him at the last minute. It was small, barely wide enough to fit the desk it held, and dimly lit with stark white walls, gray floors, and no windows.
Tony’s flying high on a combination of Steve’s laughter, fireworks, and barbecue when he walks into the kitchen. Which is why he doesn’t immediately recognize the panic unfolding in front of him.
“Oh, calm down,” Pepper says, rolling her eyes like he’s yet another one of the many drama queens she deals with on a daily basis. “I’m not leaving because I’m angst ridden over your…” She gestures at him wildly, looking him up and down.
He’s perfectly fine with staying in relationship limbo with Steve Rogers for the rest of his days. Yep. It’s completely fine. Honestly, he hadn’t even expected Steve to forgive him after his minor panic induced bender so the fact that that had happened and that they were still doing the frequent kissing thing is really enough for Tony. This was nice. He could contain his feelings and not risk the team or his friendships. It was great. This was fine. Totally, completely fine.
“Why else would I be here?” he sighs out. No need for Stark to know it’s Rogers via Potts who sent him. It’s not important.
“Did you, uh,” Tony can barely form the words as a bolt of jealousy goes through him strong and fast. “Did you paint that?”
Tony let out a sigh when he was done. If Pepper and he were still together she’d probably be making some sort of commentary about being proud of his emotional growth as a human being. He takes another sip of his drink and pushes that emotional wound to the back of his mind. Steve eyes him for a moment before nodding and taking a hesitant sip of his own drink.
“Apparently I’m cheating on you with Clint and it’s tearing the team apart. Geez, you think they’d give me a better side piece. Are you aware that he sleep-walked into our room again last night?”
“They were very good cookies,” Steve says, breathing a sigh into Tony’s neck. He knows when Tony can be dissuaded from doing something and Steve has a feeling that this is not one of those times.
And Fury doesn’t exactly know what he had been expecting. He’s Captain America, for God’s sake. Embodiment of all things good, wholesome, and decent. But he can’t quite stop his mouth from spitting out, “You love him, right?”
He grits his teeth to keep from the rest of it from tumbling out. He takes a deep breath and tries again. “If you really loved him you’d let me get you sobered up and bring you home because he’s worried sick about you right now.”
Despite all this, the first thing she does when she enters the room is let out a shout of excitement. “Jim! Oh, this is such a nice surprise!”
It’s already done. Steve knows that it’s done, Tony knows, the tears that are slowly welling in the corner of his eyes know. But he can’t stop fighting, he won’t stop. Not until Tony is good and truly gone.
The opening notes of “La Vie en Rose” start to play, and much against his will, Tony can feel himself getting choked up. It doesn’t feel like it’s been a year and a half since they danced to this song as their first dance. He feels as though he was it happened just yesterday; and also that he’s always been married to Steve. All he knows is that Steve pulling him flush against his side does not help the situation in his throat.
“Shut up, Steve,” Tony whispered, in between kisses. Steve finally got with the program and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, losing himself to the kiss. He felt Tony’s tongue slowly breach his lips. Steve met Tony with passion, practically shoving his tongue down Tony’s throat. Tony let out a soft moan, letting Steve take control of the kiss. Steve, hearing Tony’s moan was determined to get him to make even more of those lovely noises.
Steve kept sucking kisses up and down Tony’s throat before eventually pulling back to see the dark marks forming. Pleased with himself, he moved back up and took Tony’s lips in his. “Damn, Tony, look at you. So beautiful.” They slowly broke apart, both trying to get their breathe back.
“I can walk!” Tony practically shouted. There was no way he was letting Steve Rogers carry him like he was some damsel in distress. That’d be too fucking embarrassing. The guy already saw him get beaten to a pulp; he wanted to keep whatever remaining dignity he had left.
Tony laughed at that. “I hear you guys, but I just genuinely think you’re wrong. Steve’s a nice guy and that’s it. He doesn’t like me like that and it’s taken me awhile to accept that, but I have. So, while I appreciate what you guys are doing, please stop because nothing’s going to happen.”
“The one and only,” Tony answered, attempting to smile with his busted lip. “Didn’t know you knew me.”
