“Kind of.” Castiel awkwardly adjusts his footing. “Crack an egg. Open a tin can. Unpack the pie crust.” To the cake, he says, “Spread an entire jar of icing over a mound of spongy chocolate.”
These girls all have long glamorous hair: one dark and straight, one dark and wavy, the last with rippling blonde waves. They wear layered coats over their jeans, but the blonde tops off her look with a leather jacket that seems authentic and worn-in.
So this is happening. Dean can deal with it. He can take on the work of two devs and keep his mouth shut about the weight of that workload. He can suck it up and just stand by while he’s excluded from the course his team is charting. He can be the last one left on the abattoir floor.
When Monday comes, Dean heads in to work with a mild feeling of trepidation, although he plays his return as casually as he can.
He just can’t imagine having something like this: a place to curate to his liking, shared with someone else. Dean’s whole life has been spent in transit from location to another. Even his apartment hasn’t been imbued with any sense of permanence. Hell, he hasn’t even hung any pictures on the walls.
Dean swallows, his heart pounding. He thinks back over Cas’ ventures into the puke perimeter, struggling to push his mind through the rigors of remembering again. “He was bleeding,” Dean murmurs. He flexes a finger toward his face, wincing when the bruised nail meets his nose. “Here, and here,” he adds, scrubbing a knuckle against his earlobe.
Castiel rolls his eyes and holds tightly onto Dean, their hands sealed together as they cross the icy parking lot.
Castiel felt his cheeks heat, reddening to a hue complementary to Dean’s own. He could lie, but he failed to see the point. “Trying and failing to, yes.”
His office is nothing spectacular—a square room along the side wall, with a view into the legacy works floor and not much else—but it’s more privacy than he was allowed when he first started here, downstairs in the pit with the rest of the help desk. A natural talent for debugging client issues led to Dean’s transfer into QA, and when he grew bored of testing the legacy system, he managed to eke out a self-trained transfer into dev that has held for the past five years.
Max starts marching closer, heading straight through the field along the viewing angle. Giddy, Claire leaps ahead and follows along with him, hooking her arm through Alicia’s and scooping her up along the way. Dean exchanges a look with his brother, but Sam only shrugs and moves to follow with Patience and Cas, who are quietly discussing some theory about the discrepancy between map views.
“Thanks.” Dean unravels the cord and uses it to plug his phone into his laptop. It’s a moment before it has enough life to turn back on. When it does, it likewise boots up with a scrolling list of notifications coming in from several chat apps, plus the chat app he and Sam use for calls.
The case is really starting to feel like a dream. Dean wasn’t there to see the kid’s face or take in the information for himself. For all he knows—for all it feels like—this could be an elaborate prank he’s bought into. Driving around the barrier, mapping the thing, keeping only half-assed details in their heads—Dean can recite his seven details but it’s only a list now, not a person. Just another gaggle of facts to pull out on trivia night.
Dean looks down through the hallway door, to where his mom’s looking up at him with a wild form of worry. He waves her off from the disorienting journey into the—room. Field. The room-field. “Don’t bother, the angle’s not worth it.” Dean gestures north. Up. “Try the upstairs door, see if it’s any better.”
Farther into the bunker, Dean can hear the occasional scream still coming. The thump of a body hitting the floor. He pulls an angel blade out from among the bodies and motions for Sam to be careful. They stumble their way through the corpses back to the library, now softly smoking. Singed, blackened, bloodied, but the bones of it intact.
Dean doesn’t have long to dwell on it before he hears keys jangling in the front door. He swings around, pulling his bathrobe tight around him, to find Castiel bumping his way into the kitchen, his arms laden with yet another plastic-wrapped gift basket, this one three times the size of the other baskets combined.
“Can’t tell you how grateful I am for all the help, Rick,” Doug says, a newfound confidence entering his voice. “I gotta admit, attempting to cook my brother’s own recipe for him was … daunting, to say the least.”
Castiel hums politely and stares out the window. He watches the distant hills rise and fall along the I-84, the earth around them a suede brown dotted scrub green and stone gray.
The instructor starts near their end of the line and doles out compliments on each person’s artwork, taking the time to highlight the small details that showcase love for their partners. Dean’s piece gets a glowing review about the biceps—“Great proportions! Your husband looks so dignified”—but by time he reaches Cas’s canvas the instructor pauses, caught out like a deer watching a truck barrel toward it.
Dean closed his eyes and took in a calming breath. A mistake, as it turned out; the scent of summer rain only further weakened his resolve. “Five minutes, then you’re gone,” Dean said lowly, and with it sharply retreated for the kitchen.
Dean mumbled agreement, reached out to scrawl a hasty signature across the bottom of the screen. Cas then flipped shut the tablet case and returned it to the messenger bag, his body language changing with the motion, going from someone Dean considered stiff and unapproachable into somebody far more vibrant.
“You lasted longer than I thought you would,” Chuck continues, parading around the room. “Blame the kid for that one, I guess. Didn’t expect the whole ‘death-hands’ thing from him. But all those years of killing angels and demons coming back to haunt you? Yeah. It feels good. Feels
“—we’ve never truly spoken about it. And as well as I know you, there are parts of your life that remain inscrutable to me. I don’t always understand what I mean to you.”
Dean tolerates the cheek-pinch that comes his way, smiling with his mouth filled with mashed potatoes. Nathaniel sips at his wine glass filled with blood, his lips pursed pointedly in disapproval.
Grabbing his cell from a side table, he checks the caller ID. Frowning, he accepts the call, the phone pushed to his ear. “Cas?”
In the comedown, Castiel settled heavily atop Dean, planting his brow against Dean’s neck to avoid his gaze. Castiel didn’t want to think about what would come next. How Dean would find a way to render what they did in terms less meaningful than they were.
“Dean,” Castiel says fondly. “Come on. Roll onto that side. Okay, good. Now roll back.” He tucks the comforter up around Dean’s chin. “Good?”
Most times, as he’s snaking a hand inside his underwear, Castiel thinks about Dean. He shuts his eyes and pretends that he’s kissing him, lips against his mouth, his cheek. He murmurs praises into Dean’s ear. Pretends to hear soft words in return. Pretends that their fight is a lover’s quarrel, one that Dean doesn’t know how to close now that Castiel has forgotten what it was like when they were together.
Dean shrugs. “I guess. Not sure how the whole ‘school’ thing works for that,” he adds, tossing out finger-quotes for emphasis.
Plastering themselves to either side of the entryway, they spot the shadows moving across the red-streaked war room. Dean exchanges a tactical look with Sam, and on the same count they throw themselves out with weapons raised.
heading out for breakfast, but in Dean’s defense he hardly slept a wink amid the wood-panelled atrocity this place calls a cabin.
“After tonight, who knows if I’ll even get to play!” Dean argues, exhaling sharply on a harsh breath. His mouth puckers as he mulls over that sour thought. Concussion protocol means Dean’s gonna be off the ice for at least a week, maybe more. Even if he makes it back in record time, there’s no saying Bobby’s gonna trust him to play first line through any of the finals.
Dean pictured Cas trying to shower on his own—pulling off one of those oversized shortsleeves they’d bought him just so Cas would stop ruining Dean’s own shirts for the duration of his downtime—all the while struggling to keep his arm out of the spray.
Dean nods stiffly, hoping it’s enough of a sequitur to end his rough attempt at chitchat. He raises his mug in salute and excuses himself, cutting a shortcut through the cubicle trenches toward his office, leaving Castiel and his bee tea mug behind.
It’s when his runny nose starts sneezing, and his headaches are joined by a wet, racking cough, that things start going sideways. At least, Dean would like to blame feeling like shit for the stupid thing that comes his way.
Dean glimpses the back of his own head, his hair ruffled by the hands trailing down his neck, wrapping around his shoulders.
His focus drops with a knock on the door from Inias, who rushes, uninvited, into his office. Whatever concentration Dean has managed to eke out into this query shit is promptly destroyed.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, soft as butter in Cas’ hands. Cas moves for him and Dean lets him, his hands steadying Cas as he slides into his lap. Dean closes his eyes, spreads his knees and stills his hands, pausing on the warm skin above the belt of Cas’ borrowed jeans. His breath snags as his thumbs come to rest on the jut of hip bone to each side of Cas’ waist.
Dean follows suit more slowly, leaving the room with his tail tucked between his legs. He winces at his lone sheet of paper, left stranded atop the conference table. Abruptly, he crumples it up and tosses it in the trash can.
They locate Michael in the hallway, slumped over amid the carnage, wounded but otherwise alive. His eyes glitter wetly; Lucifer lies dead at his feet. He pats Jack’s hand and vows to join them in his own time.
“Dude,” Ash says, sitting up excited in his seat. “What’s the realm of possibility we’re dealing with here? Can Heaven monitor all parties involved in an interaction? Like, can it get some sense of what they want and what they don’t, and bridge or block that gap?”
Ah, damnit. Exhaling roughly, Dean scrubs a hand through his hair. Did nobody tell Castiel what he was signing up for when he took the job?
Dean collects Castiel’s hand as he passes, hissing playfully when their cold fingers touch. “Should’ve worn mitts,” he teases. “Gonna get frostbite.”
She had become a friend, before he’d lost his memories. Castiel cannot tell whether it is better or worse to know this and not remember more.
“Caber toss,” Dean deadpans. “Are you kidding me? Who’s gonna want to throw hundred pound logs for fun?”
“Psh.” Dean waves them off, glancing aside. His phone vibrates on the counter, his pasta timer going off. He catches himself as he replies, signing in addition to speaking. “I can rest after this SA reshuffling is done. But supper’s calling, so ‘scuse me for a sec.”
Dean looks, but he can’t see anything specific that has her attention. There’s only the parking lot followed by an intersection, with cars driving around both. A cozy-looking family restaurant fills out the opposing corner lot, and another motel lies beyond it, and the city beyond that. Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
It felt so stupid to say it, now that Cas was here on the line. The guy wasn’t beholden to Dean; he didn’t have to explain why he didn’t want to pity-fuck him anymore.
Dean tamps down the smile he only belatedly realized he was giving, watching Castiel from the other end of the hall. “Think it’s gonna live?”
Castiel doesn’t seem to notice his internal conflict, thankfully. He turns to his tea mug, thoughtful, as he swirls the doused bag on its string. Dean can see that a cartoon bee has been scribbled onto the side of it, with dots for eyes and a smiley face, peering out beneath a jaunty cowboy hat.
The hand on his tie withdraws. As they come apart, Dean finds the piece of paper Cas pressed into his palm.
Nat huffs. She’s good with cars, not faces, but this is an answer she knows. She shuffles over to her smoking chair, on the other side of the firewood. She sets the paper bag on her lap and rifles through her pockets until she finds a cancer stick. “What plates he driving? Back to them South Dakota ones?”
All of humanity has been handled through one conventional format, the excitement and nuance and need of each individual hammered into one boilerplate ending:
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas says softly, as Dean departs. Dean gives a final, parting glance over his shoulder, a moment too late to see Cas giving the same look of longing in return.
“Well done, boys,” Chuck says, and Dean manages a marching step toward him before Sam intervenes, holding him back.
Inias and Miriam did well filling in for him, and beyond catching up on his email inbox, there aren’t any alarm bells ringing on his list of things to do. Dean analyzes his new defects in less than an hour, and resolves them in less than two. After he’s done, he has so much spare time it almost feels like he’s playing hooky. It’s been awhile since he’s slowed down enough to see the clock tick by throughout the day.
“Everything! Naomi uploaded an updated product file a couple weeks back that I missed. Someone new emailed on behalf of her SA, and the email routed into the wrong folder.”
“Gotta hope so,” Dean says. “Otherwise she’s awfully good at faking, and that’s a whole ‘nother set of trouble.”
On Garth’s turn, a low murmur of laughter ripples through the crowd. Someone behind Dean guffaws, “The damn tree’s wider than he is!” and Dean locks eyes with the shape shifter culprit, mouthing his last name as he points to himself and draws the blade of his finger across his throat.
Dean snorts to himself, smiling. Gotta give the guy credit; Castiel sure takes his potential layoff in stride.
It’s fine. It’s cool. The hustle just ain’t over. The mantra manages to wipe the worst of Dean’s misery off his face.
He revisits the night Dean took him to a brothel, Castiel himself petrified by the prospect of Dean leaving his side without yet comprehending why.
“It doesn’t have to, if you don’t want it to. But some people like to fix things.” Castiel’s mouth slants upward. “When I explained this to the host, there was almost a mutiny.”
Cas, having Dr. Sexy opinions? Despite himself, Dean’s heart swoons. He punches those feelings down, snorting a laugh to quell the mood. “You don’t come to Dr. Sexy for realism. But yeah, it was weird. Although,” he adds, “I wasn’t mad to see Ennis back on the show again.”
Cas wanders past the kitchenette, heading toward Claire and Patience and the piles of paper on the beds between them. He quietly greets them both, receiving mumbled greetings in reply. Stepping over discarded notepads, Cas turns in place, frowning. “What happened? You all seem stressed.”
But then Sam appears over Eileen’s shoulder, looking bothered. It would be a funny sight, how perfectly their expressions match each other, if only they weren’t both frowning because of Dean.
Dean thought the end to his question, just for an instant. For a moment, his heart leapt before his mind.
It’s a suicide mission, Dean can feel it—but it’s unlikely any of them will make it out of this alive, so maybe that’s okay. Jack ought to control his life during the last hours they have left. Ought to have as close a semblance to free will as any of them can get.
Castiel sighs, lips parting as he inhales, and Dean braces himself for the same arguments he’s already thought up. Except Castiel takes it a step beyond what Dean’s expecting.
The longer Castiel remains quiet, the more Dean worries. Gripping the edge of his comforter, he lifts up his bundle of blankets. A gap of air opens between them; a question posed.
Dean makes a face at Sam. “One, it’s an abomination.” Then, to Castiel: “Two, it’s for you, yeah. Who else would be driving this modern piece of crap?”
Dean dries his hands on his cotton undershirt and mulls around the bedroom, hobbling between his and Cas’ beds. Doubt ratchets up his spine, sapping his strength, but Dean makes up his mind and grabs his pillow, wrapping his arms around it. From the foot of Cas’ bed, Dean slides on his belly across the empty expanse. He settles close by Cas, head touching Cas’ shoulder. He pushes his face into the pillow there and breathes.
Every muscle in Dean’s body wants him to curl in closer. He moves his head so that’s not all Castiel can do, treating this like some kind of excuse to taste the icing from his mouth. He takes hold of Cas at his hips, wraps his hands around his back, and deepens their kiss, drawing Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth and worrying it, sucking until it releases with a wet pop.
With one arm cradling his grace bottle, Cas skims his free hand down Dean’s arm, nodding to him as he parts ways, aiming for where Mary and Max are in deep discussion with Jack. Dean sidles up beside his brother, bursting whatever bubble of conversation had been floating between him and Jody. Not far off, Alex and Patience hang close to Alicia, the three of them giving Kaia and Claire their space.
Behind him, Cas snuffles and sighs, seemingly satisfied by burying himself deeper into the warmth Dean left on his half of the bed.
A couple rooms down, the patio door to Dean and Sam’s room opens. Cas comes out wearing his trench coat, fully dressed despite the oppressive heat. He shows no sign of his earlier injury either, no blood near his nose or ears. It doesn’t stop Dean from looking for it, or for worrying further. Things like that about Cas never made much sense.
“Christ,” Dean hisses. “How’re we supposed to fit this in with our current implementations? Who the fuck signed off on this?”
Just saying it aloud is enough to clear the storm brewing on Castiel’s brow. Judging by the way his stooped posture straightens, it’s been a worry Castiel has been carrying for some time now—one that’s been lightened by a bit of poorly-frosted birthday cake. “I am glad. Believe me. Even Sam made a point of telling me how proud he was of you for making that gesture to Jack.”
The man in the trench coat sighs unhappily, hands flexing at his sides. He says quietly, “We just wanted it to be perfect.”
They march through the parking lot, tossing their trash as they cross by the Biggerson’s. Claire waits for traffic to clear before jaywalking across the intersection, heading for the family diner. Dean lags behind, an ache building in the back of his head.
Cas sat slumped on the closed lid of the toilet, his good hand holding up his head, his long fingers buried in his hair. His jeans were off, his broken arm resting across his bare knees. The tub burbled as it filled beside him, clouding the room with steam.
Besides, it didn’t hurt if Dean’s assumptions were off, and Cas was early by a day. It wasn’t like Dean minded his company.
“What can I do?” Castiel asks—paused partway into packing up his laptop for the end of the day, Dean belatedly realizes. He just burst in, unannounced, and started venting without even considering the time of day.
, a devilish voice reminds Dean, the same one that has him touching his dick when it chubs up each morning.
Dean unlocks his phone again, moving against the nerves roiling in his gut. He forces the fear down and away, out of mind, and thumbs into Cas’ contact, a draft apology flitting quickly through his head.
“Oh,” Dean says, turning cold. He knew better than to get his hopes up, but they had still gotten away from him for just a heartbeat, slipping loose from his ironclad grip. “Fuck,” he adds unceremoniously.
Castiel pants loudly into his pillow, pace erratic. He pretends he can hear Dean breathing harshly with him, their chests labouring through breaths together, his feelings building like a physical ache—
Dean falls back happily, reaching up to cup Cas’s face and touch his neck. To push his suit jacket down and pull Cas in by his ridiculous bolo tie. “What was this for,” Dean murmurs between kisses, the brooch of the bolo tie sliding open beneath his fingers.
“I know,” Castiel says. “It’s just—analysis work. It shouldn’t have been on your plate to begin with. Seems like the reporting never ends.” His mouth twitches with a small smile. “I noticed you didn’t stop for supper yet—or didn’t bring any with you, at least.”
“Fuck,” Dean breathes, pulling back enough that their brows might touch. Castiel’s mouth gusts warmly against his cheek, fast and hungry. Dean stares at the square of bare skin exposed by Castiel’s collar and, chasing impulse, leans down and gives his throat a wet, solid nip.
This particular black car Nat has seen park by her pumps more often than the rest of the town combined. A beautiful piece of muscle, stopping by with the boys that own her twice a week or more, always needing more than the quarter tank top-up that tends to be favored upon the vintage models that cross her path. No, this old darling seems to earn her drinks pacing dirt roads every day. Nat suspects her mileage count is far beyond what average years would otherwise carry.
Huh. Dean shakes his head, feeling foolish for not realizing it sooner. “Guess he’s stuck until Coach puts me on second string.”
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, bowing mockingly toward each of them in turn. "Go on, get it out of your system."
“What? That you’d invite a pre-heat omega over to enjoy it?” Dean snorted sourly, slamming the utensil drawer. “What the hell, Cas? I thought we were friends.”
The two girls with dark hair make a beeline for the center aisles and snack section, leaving the blonde to what looks like an ongoing conversation she’s having on her cellphone.
“So this is the dream team in action.” Dean twirls his keys around a finger, drops them into his hand. He dips his head to Sam, nods at the small wave Patience gives him, and greets Claire’s eye-roll with mock affront. “Got nothing in those bags for me?”
Dean hummed like he was only partly considering it, even though everything within him would really like that. “Next time,” he said, wondering if Cas meant it.
Alicia nods. “I get it. Not every day you see a resurrection. You’d think our name is Winchester or something,” she adds, winking.
“Wait, what? Oh no. No, no, no.” Dean holds out his hands, barring Cas from the door. “Did you notice the address of those streets? They’re all well within the puke perimeter.”
For the two weeks left on phase one, Dean spends every spare moment on the upcoming two phases. Between client bugs and the implementations team’s latest work orders, his spare time is not enough to make real progress, so Dean locks himself in his office for long stretches at a time, dedicating his lunch hour to phase two and his evenings to two and three.
Ricky scratches the back of his neck, torn between the upsale and doing right by the guy. Maybe he’s overstepping, but—“I have this homemade spice mix that’s dynamite for burgers. The whole family clamors for it as soon as barbecue season picks up. I could get a copy to you, maybe ...?”
Not that Dean’s actually getting away from him unscathed. Oh no—it turns out Castiel’s socialization style with Dean is reserved exclusively for their workplace’s messenger application. He doles out the barrage of his beginner questions over hours and hours of messages instead of as brief head-to-heads in either of their offices, which are situated, conveniently, less than a stone’s throw apart.
“What happened?” Castiel asks, grave. “Where are Sam and Dean? Are they—” His throat clamps around the thought of them dead.
Not that Nat’s complaining. Darling’s visitations have kept Nat in business longer than most small town stops get in this day and age. Before the boys moved in somewhere nearby, Nat had to shutter her doors at eight each night and on civic holidays, if she ever meant to have an hour’s peace of her own. Now she at least can afford a couple hired hands to warm her seat during the peak hours.
“I haven’t seen you in months,” Cas said quietly, putting aside his bowl. “I was hoping for one last time, before you moved on and forgot about me.”
“You were in surgery,” Sam says. “We got the call, when Stevie thought you weren’t—” He swallows, head bowed. “But you made it. And we’re here.”
His jaw locked, his hands trembling, Dean grits out a cold fact he scarcely wants to think. “You traded yourself for him.”
“Not until I’m happy,” Cas tells him, and Dean can see it now, the absence of mirth to Cas’ would-be expression, the way all the lines of Cas’ face seem to draw down like tears. “The Empty won’t take me until I’m at my happiest.” Quietly, he adds, “And we’re a long way from that.”
Castiel held the knob firmly in hand as he shut the door, though its squeaky hinge gave away his position regardless. He turned slowly toward the bathroom sink, which had a mirror above and a toilet beside it, and all of which was crowded with the daily detritus of Sam and Dean’s toiletry bags. Along the far wall was a combination shower and tub, a pale yellow curtain hanging at the ready. The floor tiling was tidy, its grout clean. The style spoke of better than the usual Winchester motel fare, which Castiel appreciated, considering what he was about to attempt to do.
The feel of a hot cock within him had jolted Dean awake in a sickening bout of pleasure. He squirmed against the sheets until he roughly orgasmed, then felt immediately horrified for it. What was he doing, getting off on these kinds of dreams?
“Thank you, Claire, very helpful,” Castiel says grumpily. He places the rinsed bowl atop the other dishes stacked around the sink, some dirtied steak knives and other ancient utensils, none of which seem like reasonable tools for baking. Nearby, a pot on the stove bubbles gently, spitting smoke and the occasional spattering of its contents, the color of which is a badly burned bruise. Neither angel seems aware that the pot has cooked down to its dregs.
The phalanx is ready for Dean, the djinn holding their silver bucklers upraised, curiously on the defensive.
Mary nods toward Patience and Alex, who lean against Jody’s truck with their own breakfast bags. “Where’s the rest of them?”
With his eyes closed, Castiel tipped his head forward until the shower was pulsing directly onto the crown of his head. He felt his hair flatten against his brow and his temples. Felt warmth building upon his skin. Water sluiced down his brow and collected into a chaotic stream that dribbled from his chin. When he opened his eyes, the blurry sensation of the water within them made him quickly close again.
The quickest way to their meeting spot is straight through city proper, though Sam’s been extremely specific in where Dean is and isn’t allowed to drive. The city itself is off-limits, apparently, so a seven-mile strip of well-oiled highway turns into a double digit roundabout through bumpy backwoods roads, tacking an extra forty minutes onto his trip, easy. Dean might not get the logic behind the runaround, but he doubts Sam’s inconveniencing him for the hell of it.
Dean prickles, body stiffening with some emotion Castiel cannot yet identify. His fist wraps more heartily around Castiel’s hand, ensuring he doesn’t dare pull away.
“Yeah,” Dean says, though he’s unsure what he’s agreeing to doing. He smiles, flinty and hollow. “Sounds good.”
He gets Doug to give him a rough idea of the party headcount, then starts portioning out enough ground chuck for each guest to come back for thirds. He takes a couple extra minutes to show Doug the rough size to make a patty, how to mix and shape it without overworking it. He rounds out the order with the cuts of bacon that best serve Doug’s burger schemes, finishing off the whole kit with a perfectly portioned ingredient list that Ricky scratches out on the brown wrapping paper atop the bacon slab.
“Good. Great, actually.” Dean scratches over a scuff in his thumbnail. “He’s almost wrapped up his work placement. Getting ready to go back to classes and finish his last semester.”
“There’s more,” Cas says gruffly. Dean follows his gaze, spies a couple more of the same species now standing inside the covered porch, watching from the threshold of the front door.
Dean balks at the vision, though he doesn’t know why. It’s beautiful, and he knows it, even as he says, “It’s not like this. In the real world.”
For the next hour, Dean sends out a flurry of emails gathering intel from other departments. The responses both wind him up and cool his engines in equal measures; the BEAU project is new enough that his exclusion from it can be excused. The flames of his rage settle into a low, smoldering burn, although Dean isn’t ready to extinguish them just yet.
“It did—it does. But, Dean—at the time, the Empty claimed dominion over Jack’s soul. In order to revive him, I needed to—” Cas sighs, at a loss for how to continue.
Alicia shrugs, still tucked up beside Claire. She extends her arm like an arrow aimed at the yard. “We only have the one angle keeping the farmhouse in sight. I’d say Cas should just follow it, see what’s being hidden inside.”
“Like it’s hard.” Claire scoffs. “She’s just too subtle. I keep telling her boys are stupid. You need big declarations of sucking-face romance or they won’t recognize your interest.”
“There’s a new project that Bart is about to announce,” Castiel says. “Some kind of group intended to bridge the gap between an old feature and the new. He wants to pull me onto it.”
Sam is excited for him, when Dean breaks the news, especially when he starts mulling over whether he could make it out to see them during his vacation. (
Cas disappears into the crowd, and Dean is facing back to Donnie, drumming his fingers across the bar. “So. Cas said something about there being pie?”
The hand has gone from banging cabinets to rummaging through drawers. “M’ coffee maker,” Dean mumbles, squinting through mostly-closed eyes. “‘S not where I remember putting it.”
“Dean,” Raphael says, open palm extended forward. “This is Castiel Novak, your new system analyst.” He gestures with his other hand toward the man standing behind him. “Castiel, this is Dean Winchester, head of development on our legacy system.”
“Then we should go back to how it was,” Phanuel complains. “The private heavens. This is so much more work than it used to be. Why can’t we just manufacture a happy memory for each human and leave them to it?”
Dean glances over from where he’s driving, making a blind grab inside the box. “Here,” he says, fishing one out. “Put this one in, B-side up.”
Hannah tips her head side to side, a gesture they all recognize as meaning she’s trying to find a nice way to say something terrible.
“Was Miriam’s update included in the promotion?” Castiel’s voice is tight, octaves higher than it should be. His gravelly tone is unnaturally smoothed out, worry grading it thin.
.” He waved his hand up and over his body. “My superiors at Alpha Services don’t really like that I’m doing this with you. They expressed concerns about my—priorities. And when
He learns about the new Death, and the Darkness. About Chuck’s true nature, and his absence; his subsequent return, and absence, only to return again.
Lost in thought, Castiel stepped out from the bathroom, and was so distracted that he nearly walked into Dean.
Dean retreats around the time Cas starts lingering in wakefulness, his consciousness returning for increasingly longer bouts. He figures it’s about time he left Cas’ bed anyway, beyond the easy out it gives should Cas wish to discontinue their closeness—recovery or no, Dean’s not one to permit himself much idleness, so he straps on his boots and makes his way over to Claire and Patience’s room, now also occupied by Alex and Kaia, to catch up on the case.
“Mm-hmm.” Castiel brushes his hands together, gently sifting dust from his fingers. “He suspected it might be a tender point for you. That you might not want to—anyway.” Castiel stiffens. “The point is I’m glad you celebrated him.”
“Oh. Great, thank you.” Castiel all but sags with relief, a sight which hits Dean like a fist. Just how bad must he have been before, to scare Cas into thinking he wouldn’t accept such a simple request?
Inside the bag are shoes, and a belt. A cell phone. Shirt, jacket, and a pair of slacks. A trench coat and tie Castiel has never seen before.
Unable to visit her daughter, Ellen hikes her way over to Bobby’s, and the two of them complain and converse until night falls and the trees between her and her daughter have faded again.
Dean flaps an arm over the side of his bed and rolls fully onto his stomach, succumbing once more to sleep.
It’s all Castiel who’s controlling the current direction for legacy; Dean’s just holding what’s left of their old, dead weight. Whatever “managerial” role he has in BEAU is total bullshit, just a lie Castiel fed him to make Dean more complacent in getting phased out from the team.
“No,” Castiel agrees, “but it’s come up more than once. On emails throughout the summer.” His eyes soften, his expression growing warm. “You’re earning a reputation up the chain of command.”
“Oh, dear, it was but a wee love spell. Meant to give its targets extra potency in the bedroom, if you catch my drift.” She tips back a flute of mimosa, smiling into the glass. “Looked to be rather old, I’m afraid. Probably left behind long ago.”
“Dead,” Sam confirms. “Yeah, we handled it. But uh, when you were hurt, you said—to all of us. Mom, Dean and me. That you, uh.” He scratches his neck. “Yeah.”
Dean knows this kind of nothing. With a thousand miles between them, he retaliates the only way he can.
Too bad the guy’s a dud, but the legacy project has survived worse. Dean can push down the disappointment of his failed promotion enough that it won’t distract him from his duties.
Firing a look around Sam while they turn the corner, Dean finds that Joyce’s gaze lingers on them as they hurry back into the mess hall.
Castiel expects Dean to be watching the movie, but there’s a book open on the bed in front of him, and his tablet is likewise resting within reach. Dean checks the page and then pecks something into his tablet, then stares a bit at the screen before repeating the motions.
Then it comes time for Castiel to meet with the last of the Empty’s new arrivals. Castiel motions her over to his favourite place in the garden, at the bare patch of earth tucked between the peonies.
“Later,” Dean said, hastily pulling up his jeans. “Don’t need to shellshock him all at once, just … later.”
Castiel looks at Dean. His face feels hot and splotchy, like it reveals too much of himself. “Even after what you’ve learned about Chuck, you still hold me responsible.”
“Lots of strange types passing through today,” Kurt says idly, his attention glossy and fixated on an idea far away. “I was watching main street while interviewing Anne Lawson about the fundraiser next month. There was a whole convoy of out-of-state plates passing through, all heading for the old station road.” Kurt’s focus comes back into him then, honing in sharply on Hank. “D’you think they have something to do with the men who maintain the power station out there?”
“And lemme guess—that’s outside your comfort level, huh.” Ricky nods along when Doug does. He waves the agent down along the display. “You might be better off with a package of pre-mades rather than trying to imitate what he does.”
They’re all so happy with each other, like it is enough that life simply gathered them into one single place.
That helped soothe the sting of rejection Dean’s omega had been feeling. Which was stupid, because his omega was also currently running wild within him because there was a rutting alpha in the same room as him.
Castiel continues, “He’ll have hated the fact I got him dragged into an emergency CAB meeting. Our names, brought together like this. I’ll have besmirched him in the board’s eyes.”
Sam shrugs listlessly. “I dunno, but we owe it to Abbie to try everything before calling it, don’t we?”
The rhythm just starts to get good, Cas giving these breathy little pants alongside Dean’s more throaty ones, when there comes an abrupt pull on the van’s door handle. A woman’s pealing laugh joins the deeper murmur of the man with her, the two of them making sucking noises as the van door opens.
“Great,” Miriam drawls. She balls up her lunch bag and tosses it at the trash bin on the way out the door. “T-minus twenty to an incoming dud.”
Dean chews his lip, waiting until his nerves have been tightly roped into a bundle, and he’s banked the worst of his fears at bay. “He’s bait, Sammy. Out here, the queen’s drawing out her evil cousin just as much as she’s grabbing the Tree in there.”
Dean pours that cold thought through him, lets it stiffen his spine. He forces all emotion out from his mind, from his body. Keeps his voice warm and smooth as he says, “Nah. No. Don’t worry about it.”
“You don’t need to do that,” Cas says coldly, gaze locked on their conjoined hands. “You aren’t on the case yet. It’s unnecessary.”
To the soft space behind Dean’s ear, teeth dragging gently, the sensation trilling through Dean’s gut and upwards. Lightning strikes along his spine.
“It’s nothing, Sammy,” Dean insists. “Just something over nothing. Just spent so much time working up to it that we ended up fighting instead. And when I came back, Cas had already left, so,” Dean finishes, shrugging. “Nothing big, in the grand scheme.”
“Dijwar’s dead,” the queen answers simply, her attention wandering with the companions swarming around her, preparing their leave. “As djinn, we make dreams. We do not enter them. If the dreamer wakes while we’re inside of one, we are unmade.”
Alicia shakes her head. “Sorry, he’s just been going on about aegritudonal barriers. Nothing about some kid… right?”
Worse, it feels like his appearance shouts his scattered thoughts to everyone, his mind a glass box with perverted thoughts rattling around inside, skittering around in the open for all to see. He can’t even make eye contact with Castiel as he crosses the cubicle floor; he sails by the coffee cubby without so much as a smile spared Castiel’s way.
Dean and Sam might be outnumbered, but they have the home team advantage. Quickly calculating their odds, Dean figures the best shot they have is to take out the presumed leader, the central djinn, and hope the remainder flee when she’s dead.
Anael frowns. “I think so? I mean, next week he’s outta here. Doesn’t really matter where he’s going to next, right?”
As it is, Novak rounds the corner shortly after Dean’s made his way to his locker. Novak shoulders his way through the rest of the team, tosses his helmet aside for good measure. Dean keeps one brow raised, his gaze trained on Novak with feigned nonchalance. “Problem, Cas?”
Sam must sense it, enough to know it’s not just anger that’s driving Dean now, but some blend of hurt and guilt, the stubborn knowledge he’s not the only one in the wrong, but Sam—damnit, sometimes the kid can’t help himself. The need to know is just too great.
Castiel winces. “Not enough. To sustain the kind of flexibility we’re striving for, we would need the entire host back. In full form.”
“She didn’t fit so the creature that stole her… gave her back?” Dean shakes his head. “Seems like a lot of effort for nothing.”
Some drunken cat-caller, naturally, ruins the moment, shouting out in a voice that sounds suspiciously like Lenora’s, shaking the commons grounds: “This is a
His forehead thumps against the wood; his hand shakes on the doorknob. Dean hovers offside, looking for clues as to badly Castiel might be melting down. But Castiel’s eyes are open, drawn to the floor. He is just breathing, body trembling, staring down into middle distance.
The chorus shifts uncomfortably, already filled with doubt. Castiel recognizes that feeling; he knows how it eats through the insides of every creature, tempting it to give in without making an attempt.
Castiel’s mouth twists with sympathy, the memory of Dean’s surprise and nerves having haunted him since it became clear Bart never told Dean that Castiel would be attending. It seems both he and Dean get struck by anxiety when it comes to crucial moments. “You can work on it from home. The file is in the cloud.”
“Agreed.” Dean tips his soda can toward Miriam’s favor. As devs, the three of them have always dealt with the brunt of what comes from a terrible SA. They’ve gone through four system analysts in as many years, which is a statistic that seems sadly commonplace, based on the rumors coming from other teams regarding their own SAs.
Later, after an evening spent researching with little success, Dean drags Cas into his worst nightmare: his bedroom.
The porch door bangs open some time later, and Dean perks up in time to see Sam climb down the steps with Jody. Sam takes a moment to spot Dean, then murmurs something to Jody before making his way over. Leaning over the back of Cas’ chair, Sam says quietly, “Trent and Abbie’ve decided—they’re not going home unless it’s on their terms. But this girl, Marie, and her brother, they’re willing to go back. Etri and Wemi are working on restoring their existence as we speak.”
“We have to go to Donnie’s,” Kurt stage-whispers, his napkin crumpling with the veracity of his claims. “
Sighing, Castiel plunks himself down in the chair in the corner, the one he drapes his clothes over when he intends to wear them another day. Thank god the place isn’t more of a mess; he wasn’t expecting company.
Dean stuffed his duffel bag full of ripe tomatoes, dreaming of the fresh sandwiches and sauces they’d make.
“Speaking of,” Claire calls, having started wandering over, “did you change? Could’ve sworn you weren’t wearing vintage earlier.”
“I know my brother, Dean. Michael is not going to leave me in this position unscathed.” Castiel brushes his thumbs over the back of Dean’s hands, clasping them lightly. “Take the weekend to think it over. I’ll be handing in my notice sometime next week, before my replacement talks can begin.” Gently, he adds, “I want to put your name in, as long as it’s okay with you.”
I’m hanging out with her for eternity. She needs to stay in her corner, me in mine, for me to be happy.”
Dean offers a tight smile to the onlookers as they stride past them, trying to ignore the slack jaws and horrified expressions following in their wake. Cas glowers back at the dinner party as he follows, while Rowena waves regally to the crowd as they exit.
He doesn’t know how far he gets, only that it’s not far enough before he’s falling again, fighting to stay upright. Cas is shaking in his arms, his head tipped back, mouth foaming pink, eyes pale and rolling. Then something rough pops in Dean’s eye sockets and his vision gives out for good, darkness greeting him no matter how frequently he blinks.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas glanced over him, his attention lingering on Dean’s face. “Have I come by too early?”
Cas’s chair squeals as he pushes it back. Storm clouds gather on his face. “And what about Dean? Doesn’t Dean deserve better?”
Dean pulls up and parks along the shoulder where Claire’s flagging him over, not far off from where Cas and Max have already stopped. Alicia and Patience have wandered past the ditch into the field, standing amid a waist-height tide of ripening wheat softly rolling in the wind. Dean and Sam climb out to see what they’re all looking at somewhere out in the distance.
“Here goes nothing,” Dean murmurs, once they’ve topped up the rotten fuel tank with a jerry can of fresh gas. He sits behind the wheel and cranks the ignition, listening to the engine whine its way through its first attempt at life.
Cas's fists slam down onto the table. “As if I didn’t have to watch him tramping around with you adulterous
He drops his bag onto the unruffled bed and surveys the room. Clothes spill out from a pair of lounging chairs, and Sam’s laptop sits humming beside the TV, coated by reams of handwritten notes that're likewise scattered across the room. Charger cables snake out from heaps of discarded laundry, adding up to a minefield of tripping hazards every which way.
“There are about three meals I can cook without burning,” Castiel says, as he pulls a pair of plates out from the cupboards. “You’re lucky this is one of them.”
Dean looks pale when Castiel turns back to him. His burger is set aside, unfinished. Castiel grabs his takeout, sits down across from Dean. He catches Dean seemingly deep in thought about something.
Adam looks around the bedroom—not at any of its contents, but as if he is surveying the distant corners of the bunker, searching for something that isn’t there. Hell, maybe Michael lets him use his x-ray vision even when he’s not in charge. Maybe he lets Adam use his wings, or even—
Dean scrubs a hand down his face. He looks around the room, eyes landing on Castiel, his languid pose, reclining in the cluttered armchair. He actually looks…soft, now that he’s finally let go of some of his nerves. His broad shoulders slope in gentle lines. His hands look huge on the arms of the chair.
His chest lurched when Cas stumbled briefly, hands raised in surrender, but Cas had taken the hint and backed out of the kitchen, and Dean was already too far away to do anything to help. He just watched as Cas swooped up the blankets from his nest on the couch—
Being involved in the scrums with Castiel and Miriam is a major boon, as is his inclusion in the programming side of the project. With the majority of phase two work already done on their end, and only the small trickle of items coming back for second alpha from QA, Dean and Miriam have the time needed to sneak a peek at the defects listed for phase three, and coordinate a plan of attack on those items in a way that leaves them both satisfied with their predicted workload.
Dean had sat the whole night with his palm sweating against Cas’ good hand, pretending it meant nothing, that this was something he would do for just anybody.
Castiel leaves the Roadhouse hours later, only mildly tipsy on his wings. He scours the halls, seeking out an old comfort in the form of a favoured private heaven—a Grecian woman whose modest home looks out on the blue Mediterranean, the sun baking the coastal sand.
A dull vibration cuts through the gloom, a noise Dean has all but tuned out for the minutes—hours? days?—since Cas was taken from him. He turns back on wooden legs, reaches down stiffly for his cell phone.
Anderson nods his appreciation and picks up his pack of ribs, hefting his way toward the storefront where Julie’s already busy at the till. Ricky then drops his focus back to Mrs. Pierson, next in line, who has approached the display case and is already rattling off her regular order of feta stuffed chicken. Hands moving, Ricky nods along like her order might deviate from the usual (it won’t), knowing that if he fails to give her sufficient eye contact she’ll lodge a back-channel complaint with his wife at their book club Saturday evening.
The night is warm, the breeze low and balmy; the sunset glimmers along the rippling surface of the pool. They sit for a bit, enjoying the evening, and then Sam brings them back onto the case, swapping motive and methodology as they drink. Dean stretches out his stiff legs and mostly listens while Sam goes over the usual suspects—somebody or something with access to the mystical, assuming the weird barrier is actually tied to the abduction and not some other odd mess keeping them from the city.
“This is going to keep happening,” Anael murmurs. “We can’t give humans free will and also expect them to always embrace what’s good for them. Some of them have never learned how to pursue happiness for themselves. They’re going to fuck up.”
Dean makes it as far as the library, stumbling to a stop once he reaches the polished cart holding the best of their liquor. With arms that barely listen to him, he drains bottle after bottle, drinking until his thoughts grow dark and close.
Dean grabs a chair from around the table, lunges forward while throwing it at them. A djinn takes the direct hit, stumbles back in surprise. Dean uses the momentum to close ranks, grabbing someone’s scimitar arm and twisting, getting in close enough to gut his knife up between the djinn’s heaving ribs.
Dean shifts his weight, uncertain what he should do. He settles for pulling one of the guest chairs up close to Castiel, then coaxing him to sit down. Dean takes the second chair and pulls it up flush beside Cas, close enough that their elbows bump together on the arm rests.
Sighing, Castiel pushed himself up the bedspread, resting his back against the headboard while tuning in to the television. He watched the pornographic imagery play out on the flatscreen, his hand sluggishly touching the open front of his trousers as he attempted to gain arousal. The people caressing each other on-screen seemed impossibly attuned to one another, the mouth of one resulting in another’s sighs; the touch of one leading to their cradling from the other.
“I should head home now,” Dean says loudly, snatching up their plates. He studiously avoids Castiel’s gaze. “Thank you for supper.”
Max nods. “True, but we might lose access to the house if we wait any longer. These types of glamours, they tend to hold for all but a certain angle of light.”
Dean drops the phone to his shoulder and stares up at the bathroom skylight, his head banging against the wooden vanity behind him. A gift basket of lotions and bath salts sits picked-through beside him; he sniffs a bottle of lavender face scrub before wincing and setting it aside. “Jack squat. The whole day’s been scheduled down to the half-hour with couples-building exercises. I can’t even hold the EMF reader without somebody coming over to play these stupid introduction games.”
Dean has to scrub his eyes and read over Castiel’s messages again, now that he’s actually paying attention to them. It’s not what he expected first thing in the morning, in the short window between booting up his laptop and fetching a fresh coffee—namely, an actually intelligent question coming in from their SA.
Dean sneaks a peek down the row, finds Cas standing stoically beside a canvas dominated by an abhorrent swirl of red and black paint. While the instructor struggles for words to describe the heinous swirling shadows, Sam vents his frustrations by loading his paintbrush up with black paint and slathering it onto his rendition of Cas.
“We can’t,” Cas murmured, swallowing hard against the lips now nuzzling against the scent glands in his throat. “There are rules about patient contact—”
Dean is here, at his desk. Asleep, apparently, or passed out. His face is typing a long, incoherent passage into whatever document is open on his laptop.
"Here's the man himself, back from the dead." Inias grins widely and claps Dean on the shoulder. "Welcome back, Dean."
“Since before you were getting angry at me,” Castiel replies promptly. His expression softens. “Believe me, I’ve been dreaming of ways to fix BEAU so it’s better for everyone. Especially for you. I just haven’t been—brave. Until now.”
Max gives Dean a pointed look, then turns to his sister. “Alicia, if you want, can you tell Dean what I told you about Abbie?”
The call drifts into a comfortable silence. Dean settles back against his seat, tension melting from his limbs.
“What?” Dean asks, at the same time as Cas, sighing, says, “Don’t start on the candles. It’s a very touchy subject.”
“Are you kidding me?” Dean blurts. He rifles through the contents of the newest basket, which is filled with French cheeses and chocolates and pasta, and packets of crackers and dipping pretzels. A bottle of wine sits nestled between jars of pasta sauce and flavored olives.
On the drive home, Dean stopped at the grocery store to buy supplies to last out the weekend, knowing that he would be handling this heat alone. Again. He stocked up on sugary drinks and single-serving food packages, navigating the store with a basket slung in one hand, his phone in his other, thumb scrolling to his handy list of products needed to survive his heat. Unfortunately, the Alpha Services app was still the best place where Dean kept all this information, which meant he was forced to look at the notifications waiting for him as he logged in.
“Of course,” Cas said gently. “They said they’d try their best to find a suitable replacement, even when I explained that wouldn’t be wise.”
The man with long hair stands over him. Broad hands settle heavily on his shoulders, pinning him firmly to the hospital bed.
With it, Dean minimizes the messenger app on his desktop, and for the rest of the morning he tries not to think about Castiel and his corny little smiley face replies.
,” Dean says loudly, angling the laptop toward him. Castiel looks up and gives a small wave, which is cut off as Dean rights the laptop again. “See? It’s not a big deal. He just happened to be the one who found me passed out at work.”
"Maybe," Miriam hedges, "but it’s your fault Inias is getting moved off the project, right? Castiel just told us,” she adds, when Dean looks at her, surprised, and sees the glower in her eyes. “Y’know it's fucked up you resolved my bug list for me, right? I had to decide whether to throw away your code, rendering your time on it useless. Or, what—merge down the entire phase two's bugs in one go?" She scoffs. "Gail is still pissed with me for dumping all that testing onto her plate at once."
For once, Castiel’s nerves outweigh his end of day exhaustion, and he’s strangely geared up for what he’s about to do. The apology he intends to make has weighed heavily on him since he resolved to give it.
Rowena holds both hands to her face, gasping. Dean rolls his eyes and motions for her to dial the act back a notch.
Castiel falls silent, planning out his phrasing. “I’ve never spent a day in my life being out, Dean. I don’t even know what it would be like to just be me.”
“Please,” he begged, pushing back, even as Cas irritatingly held him in place. “Like this. Need you like this. Please.”
Mary fills him in on what she and Jack have been doing, the werewolf case in Wichita that turned into a month-long ghosthunting road trip through Oklahoma and Arkansas. The latest spook was cremated, its home demolished, yet once a week it attacks a random victim in town at three a.m. Dean scrubs at his memory for what else the spirit could be attached to when its bones and belongings are no longer an option, and between the two of them they scrape together a handful of leads.
“Go,” Castiel barks, waving them back for the library. But Dean doesn’t want to go. Shock won’t let him go.
Privately, Dean agrees. Inias is a solid developer, but it’s become clear over the years of working together that he appreciates it when other people tell him exactly what he’s supposed to do rather than figure it out for himself.
After lunch, they reunite with Cas and Sam for a couples painting class that afternoon. Dean jockeys for a spot close to Cas but the instructor has ideas otherwise, positioning them on opposite ends of the row of painters, each couple in a line facing their partner.
A knee pressed down the mattress beside Dean, followed by the blanket lifting and Castiel tucking himself inside. He laid down on his side facing Dean, space so scarce his nose was mere inches from Dean’s.
“Nothing frozen,” Doug quickly amends, nose wrinkling. “Sorry, just—years on the road. He knows the difference.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says, taking back the lone step allocated between him and the cupboards. He adds, not unkindly, “You ever heard of personal space?”
They’re angry with each other, and he doesn’t know why. With Dean saved from the Mark’s influence, all should be well, shouldn’t it?
He was completely unprofessional and unprepared, and it showed—right in front of the heads of every critical department in their system. These people are the future of the company, the ones who Raphael listens to when they say they need another member on their team.
They’re too exhausted to do much besides shut down for the night, though Sam and Jack put up a noble fight as far as research goes. Dean plays along with the charade but the books he picks are all about the Empty, about lifting the veil between life and death and reaching the one he—
Somehow Jack stumbles over the line of holy fire, his clothes singed, smoking. Sprawled out on the floor, he coughs out something about Michael.
But Castiel does not accept the proffered hand. Instead, he stares down at Dean’s palm like it’s a foreign creature. His own hand tucks nervously into the pocket of his pants.
“What the hell.” Dean squints, frowning. He turns on the light by his bed, tilts the phone every which way but no, it’s clean. Somehow the text simply doesn’t display.
“I need to go undercover to find him, and I need one of you to help!” Garth’s eyes grow glassy, brimming with unshed tears. “His phone must be dead because he isn’t answering our calls. Bess has been worried sick, up all night crying. It makes me ache to see her hurting so.”
“Coffee, anybody?” Charlie asks, waving toward the chalkboard sign listing the drinks available to order.
There’s no easy path out to where Rebecca says she went missing, so Max suggests that they take the ring road as close as they can get to the barrier and then use Cas to destroy the tokens supporting it, with the theory being that if the tokens are gone, they can cut their own path through the puke perimeter.
The new heaven is exponentially more complicated than any prior attempt, but with the full host and Jack’s adjusted calculations, the space-time unfolds without a single glitch. Hundreds of people come into contact with each other, some for the first time.
Cas shrugs. “After visiting Rebecca, I felt a nagging sensation while returning to my car. When I honed in on the object, I could tell that it was wrong. So I tore it apart and then brought its pieces here.”
The host must embrace the fact that heaven’s new form will always need their intervention; it will never be as hands-off as the first version Chuck had made.
Dean has maybe an hour alone in his office before there’s a knock on his door. Dean waves the person in without looking, knowing that it’s Miriam by her general presence.
Castiel tilts his head to look, his neck stretching in an elegant line. Dean’s eyes catch on the apple in his throat, dusted by a five o’clock shadow. A fine skim of sweat has broken out across Castiel’s skin, likely due to nerves.
Anael glances up, looking unimpressed by Dean’s ham-fisted segue. She follows his gaze out to the cubicle floor, where Raphael and the new guy are slowly working their way through each desk. She snorts in answer, her focus returning to the creamer she dollops into her coffee. “Castiel Novak, B.E. Worked at a law firm before being poached by Raphael.”
He shuts his eyes and breathes in sharply, reminding himself not to panic. A thermometer reading says Dean’s temperature is not dangerously overwarm, and his cough is not life-threatening. Castiel settles on reviewing medical websites for suggestions about when to seek hospital intervention, and closes his phone only once he’s memorized which vital signs must worsen before Dean should be taken to the emergency room.
“I know,” Cas says softly. His hand squeezes. “But she’s happy. We can try to find some solace in that.”
Alistair’s mouth caresses his ear like a lover’s, his strange voice crooning, “Oh, sweetheart, here we are again,” as he cradles Dean’s head in his hands.
,’” Dean parrots snidely to himself, the words echoing inside his head. It’s easier to pantomime the phrase than to think about the hurt shining in Castiel’s eyes, after Dean bit back at him in response.
“You’re not finding it structured?” Dean asks, surprised. Legacy works might not be the most organized or well-funded of all the projects, but their corner of the system has its own predictable ebb and flow.
Cas brought a hand up to Dean’s face, brushing his thumb along the high bones of his cheek. “Are you still okay with me kissing you?”
It’s an awkward process in such confined spaces, the van’s shocks squeaking with every elbow and knee bumped into the walls. But soon enough Dean is pulling Cas back on top of him, a knee hooked around Cas’s leg, their cocks nestled together as Dean sucks Cas’s tongue back into his mouth.
It’s warm and wet and entirely overwhelming. Dean touches him, hands rising, unbidden, to wrap around Castiel, to hold him. Planting firmly on his waist, feeling the strength of him. Rising up Castiel’s sides. His chest.
“No, I think it’s Patience’s hoodie.” Cas sits back with the article in-hand. “What are your feelings about salmon pink?”
“Sorry to dump you back into this shithole,” Dean mumbles, kicking a heel against the bathroom tiles.
A part of Castiel seeks to rebel against whatever is being asked of him; that part that was nurtured through years of living with the Winchesters, that longs to see them again. To see Dean again. Castiel knows already what happens when sons pay blind devotion to their fathers.
They take the Impala to the campus, and park in one of the more secluded parking lots, offside in hopes of avoiding neighboring stall-mates. Dean takes a moment to scrape melted ice out from beneath the wipers, to brush off the residual snow pelleting her front lights. Castiel shifts his weight, gait stiff—partly from nerves, partly from the weather—while he waits.
Nothing he’s saying seems to assure Cas, however, his furrowed brow deepening the longer Dean talks. He prowls forward without thinking, pushing Dean back until his spine hits the log cabin. Dean scarcely has the chance to lick his lips before Cas is lunging for him, mouth warm and wet and
Patience dips her head and chews until her mouth is clear. “It’s the perimeter. Over there.” She points across the grass, beyond the trucks idling between them and the Biggerson’s.
When Dean towelled off his face with his shirt, the henley pulled back a bloody red. A glance in the mirror revealed a thick cut bleeding sluggishly between his brow and hairline, the welt set like a feverish slice amid the bruises on his face, above an eye socket already deepening to sickly purple hues.
Realization dawning, Cas holds out his hand. Nodding, Dean finishes the sentiment by filling Cas’s palm with his own. “Something to the point, I guess. Except who’d want us to...?”
The evening stretches on as the cash bar opens and the dance floor fills up. Dean parks himself by the wayside and plies Garth with enough fruity cocktails to keep him from dragging Dean out onto the floor, which works only up until House of Pain’s
It’s just a week—four days, actually, aligned with the end of a long weekend—and the dates are still a month out. As much as Dean wishes he could escape the office sooner, company policy dictates that they need thirty days advance notice given for any planned time off.
Dean stomps his way through the wildgrass and wheat, his clothes catching on burr bushes along the way. He comes up between Alicia and Patience and, mimicking their positions, angles his gaze side to side, trying to find the spot where the shadow catches more clearly.
Dean shook his head, the crown of his hair barely peeking out from beneath the blanket. “Want you in here.”
“Fucking tired of hauling water,” Dean complained to Cas, while they were both dragging five-gallon pails out to the mulberry bushes. (Dean, actually dragging, while Cas made a show out of pretending the paltry pail needed even a fraction of his strength.)
Novak slaps the hand away, growling beneath his breath in lieu of answering. He shoots Dean a dark scowl as he departs for his locker by Benny’s, having measured the point of their conversation all but lost.
Sam leans over, like he’s about to lift Dean up, to touch him. Dean doesn’t want that, so he croaks out, “I got Cas killed,” to stop him, blurting it like it costs him nothing.
“The P&I monthly,” Inias says. “Rachel and Anna are already up there. Raph wants to know if you’re coming too.”
“Be careful how loudly you say that,” Anael says airily. “Good luck,” she adds, as she departs for her cubicle, her coffee cup in hand.
Bart shrugs off her concern. "There are change rooms on-site at the axe throwing location. You can change your clothes there."
At supper that night, the mess hall is filled with circular tables sitting three couples apiece, elegant stemware and fine gold cutlery delineating each seat. Dean doesn’t bother hunting out his spot on the seating chart, opting instead to pull up a chair beside Cas at his and Sam’s table. The couple they’re with is a new one, a vampire named Nathaniel and his boyfriend, Steve, who have just completed the mandatory five-stupid-things-to-recite with Sam and Cas and are settling in to more casual topics of conversation.
Castiel wonders, after the third such endless, instant of communion, whether a perfect answer is even possible. Should perfection be sought in heaven? Human beings, after all, are perfect in their imperfections.
Dean frowned, feeling as though he was taking even further advantage of Castiel’s good graces. “Don’t feel you gotta, Cas, not after I—”
Hank glances over to Suzie, standing behind the till. She looks unimpressed as she rolls her eyes at him, but nonetheless she gives Hank an affirming nod.
“You’re out farther than even I could handle,” Claire warns behind him. “Better come back before you pass out.”
Sam and Claire burst around the far corner, their weapons likewise raised. Mary comes up not far behind, and the faun-like creature whips its head toward them, a mane of silvery hair sweeping out from its hood with the motion.
Dean runs a rough hand over Cas’ scalp, setting loose the wild waves of his dark hair. He murmurs praise at the way Cas comes apart above him, his own orgasm building as Cas drives himself toward release.
Jody stands up on a side ledge, bringing her a head above everyone. “It’s not often, in this line of work, that you make it more than a decade. And it’s rarer still to be born into it and last more than three.” She raises her beer. “So here’s to you, Dean, for beating the odds and bringing us all together. And for showing us that this job doesn’t have to take your heart—you can keep it open for the strangers that come your way. To Dean!”
Dean clamped down on his fear, his mind switching off as his body went to work. He filled a pot with water, and rifled through the cupboards for spices to add to the tomato sauce he’d found. The fridge had some grilled chicken breasts that passed the sniff test, so Dean pulled out a cutting board and started dicing meat alongside half an onion that’d been kept in a plastic bag. All the while his ears were turned to the living room, attentive to every move Cas made.
“Bess mentioned that you are one of Garth’s ‘freebies’,” Cas says conversationally, his fist jacking.
“Great,” Dean says bitterly, pressure building in his chest. He shifts his weight from foot to foot, scratching at his neck. “Just for future reference, you should double check these kinda things with me before signing off on them. It’s a huge lift to try and fit them into the existing schedule.”
Max and Alicia spin theories with Patience and Sam, and Dean watches them from the driver seat of the Impala, the door hanging open as he drops burger crumbs to the gravel below. Claire kicks her feet up in the backseat, and when Dean elbows her yet again for it she toes off a shoe and wriggles her foot by Dean’s ear, because she either has a death wish or Dean’s just no good at putting the fear of God into her anymore.
Most of the photos take place around the bunker. There are board games out in the library; popcorn and drinks in Dean’s movie room.
Out of the blue, Dean gets an email from Bart one morning that has nothing to do with the BEAU project. The email has been forwarded from the resource integration team, and as Dean reads it he feels all the blood drain from his face.
“C’mere,” Dean says, “let me.” His knuckles brush the hair on Cas’ belly. He undoes the button on Cas’ jeans, then his own. The zipper hums like a promise along his dick, leaving him grunting and grinding against Cas again.
There are other contacts in his phone that he doesn’t recognize. One labelled Jack, who was in frequent contact until their chat goes quiet about a month ago. Another labelled Mary, who has likewise fallen dark. Maggie before that — now quiet — and Jules — active as of the past couple weeks. Stevie, his most recent contact, confirming the case outside Salt Lake City. Another labelled Kelly, its text chain long dead.
for Castiel, leaving their options for communication rather slim. So Castiel keeps an eye from afar, trying to keep as much management worries off Dean’s plate. He watches the timesheets being logged, trying to determine how much of Dean’s day is overburdened by too many defects. But Dean’s time entries have been annoyingly spotty, the overtime hours he’s
“You’re kidding me,” Dean interjects. “You think they wouldn’t keep you if you were out? You’re the defense team’s wet dream, Cas, racking up all those numbers. And you’re hot, so the crowd’s gonna embrace you regardless.”
"Should we change now?" Dumah asks, glancing between legacy and management with the same thoughts on her mind.
Dean rounds on Sam outside the mess hall, the two of them sequestered on a private pergola looking out on the open lake. “Dude, what the hell? What’re you doing here?”
Cas comes to rest behind and between them, his shoulders pressed against the stucco wall of the motel. “Max and Alicia are back from their perimeter trip.”
Castiel inches towards the panel glass window. He peers between the thin slivers of blinds until he can see a shape hunched over the far side of the desk. Dean, his head down.
If he were smart, Dean would do the same thing that Anael has already done: accept that Castiel is leaving, wish him well, and turn his focus back onto who will be their next SA, the same as he would for any other new hire.
Kansas summers were always warm, and this one was particularly dry. By time the high noon of June rolled around, Dean was feeling pretty stupid for expanding his little dirt patch out ten times its original width.
His team is strong, and Dean has managed to keep the legacy system running smoothly despite how Raphael’s special projects keep poaching their better members (Bart notwithstanding). Dean’s grateful that his core group of dev and QA has escaped each reshuffle relatively unscathed.
It should have been sweet, but Dean gets heartsick at the sight of it. He forces himself to his feet and waves for Cas to come back. “Are you good?”
Dean snorts, his grimace hidden by how his head is stuffed into the fridge instead of in front of the screen. “Guy can’t stop bugging me over messaging. He keeps blowing up my phone with stupid questions. S’bad enough I had to silence his contact after office hours.”
The girl shakes her head and murmurs, “Damnit, Cas, you had one job …” Back to Val, she asks, “Are pre-made pie crusts anywhere around here?”
Dean cleared his throat, glancing pointedly at the kitchen clock, which did the trick of encouraging Castiel to cut to the chase. “Your profile said you were only looking for proximity during your heat, not sexual intimacy. Have you reached out to other service providers before with similar requests?”
“You took only one penalty,” Castiel says, and ah, there it is. Those barbed statistics have come out to play.
“Right,” Dean says slowly. Not everyone is invested in what happens to departing coworkers. He lets Anael get back to work, thanking her for her time.
“Well,” Zach says, his mouth a grim line. “Now that we’re all finally here, let’s begin.” He taps his stack of papers together, his gaze pointedly turned away from Dean.
“Ladies, if I may,” Hank begins again peaceably, unsure of where his welcome lies. “If you need a gathering room on short notice, there’s the senior’s center over on Truman Road.” Glancing between them, he makes a course adjustment, adding, “But if you need a liquor license, then you ought to go talk to Donnie at his namesake bar. He likes your lot—” eyes to the trench coat “—enough that he’d probably put you up for the night. Get to him quick enough before opening and I’m sure he’d keep the doors shut for you all.”
Laughing, Dean wanders back to his laptop, giving Castiel the space he needs in the kitchen. The converter continues to whir through the files Dean gave it, the automated process moving smoothly through its second batch of tables.
Dean drags a hand down his face, baring his bottom eyelids. He keeps his voice low, glancing at the locked bathroom door. “Every time we meet somebody new, we’re supposed to introduce our ‘beloved’ with at least five nice things about them.
He thinks that might be the end of their interaction, but when Castiel gets to the doorway, slacks and shirt folded over one arm, he pauses, his back turned. His free hand drums nervously along the door frame. “I’m not sure how you’ll take this,” he begins. “But I’ve been meaning to say it for a while.”
“But does that make her happy?” Pamela posits. “If you’re both in heaven, but she can’t see you, is she really experiencing paradise?”
Claire takes Kaia’s hand, mumbles something about keeping her anchored on the bed, but Dean knows an excuse when he hears it—he’s made enough for him and Cas throughout the years. Dean looks to Cas now, just to see what he’s thinking, and finds Cas passing a knowing look his way.
Shock carries Dean through the archive room, dragging his crumpled body up from its spot on the floor. Billie may be gone, her influence over him removed, but it still feels like his chest is being torn open, heart crushed, bones run over, body being ripped to shreds—
A breath huffs out on the other side of the room, cutting the tension by half. “Good. That’s good, right?”
Dean turns, nodding, though his head continues bobbing without his control. He crocodile-weaves back the way he came, legs burning, sweat pouring down his back. His whole body is trembling by the time he makes it to her.
Dean felt his blush build again at the mention of his ‘nest’—the sorry excuse of pillows and blankets he’d thrown together into a lump on his bed. Dean preferred that he cleaned his own filthy bed, but Castiel had likely seen worse if he’d been with AS for any length of time.
“Let me,” Castiel mumbled, a ghost against Dean’s mouth. Dean’s lips parted around a sob. His arm flew around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him in and swallowing him whole.
The television plays on. Lizzie Hegel gets caught tampering with the dementia trial results by Dr. Piccolo, and their friendship grows strained. Three episodes from now, Dr. Hegel will be summarily written out of the show.
The neniven come out around the time the marshmallows are running low, and drift through the circle touching shoulders, offering glasses of lemonade to Dean and the other latecomers. Libby and the other younger runaways, having gorged themselves already, start dozing in their seats, so Aini sweeps them back inside just as the night sets in full. A chorus of sleepy voices echo through the farmhouse windows, the kids giggling through brushing their teeth and changing for bed.
“So,” Dean says, tugging on Cas’ lapel. He looks so strange in that old frumpy trench coat, now black—close to what Dean knows but not quite the same. “How’d you pull this one off?”
Sam, true to his word, stole the first shower, leaving Dean shivering and dripping on the faded maroon carpet. Beige walls and bleached sheets fit their price range, the only colors in the room stemming from the hot pink comforters and chocolate brown headboards adorning each bed. Dean threw his bags atop the table, stripping his clothes as he winced his way over to the kitchenette sink.
Cas had retreated from the crowd sometime after Claire covered Dean in fresh handfuls of confetti, opting to take perch by Donnie at the bar and nurse a single beer for the rest of the evening. Donnie takes a quiet moment to size up the guy, taking the piecemeal history Dean’s given him over the years and putting it into context. Cas, for his part, seems to only have eyes for one part of the crowd, his somber attention softened by the small smile on his face. Donnie follows his gaze and finds Claire, Jack, and Patience roping Dean into their convoluted card game, and Dean taking the opportunity to cover Claire in confetti of his own.
Dean claps his hands together. “Alright. Claire and Patience, you’ve got social media covered, right? Sam, you get looking into monsters that match the video of that thing. I’ll take over whatever you’re doing with the feeds.” Dean slaps his brother’s shoulder as he rises. They swap places at the dinette, and Sam goes to fetch Dean’s old laptop from their room.
Castiel’s understanding of Rowena clears a little more. It couples with a sorrow he doesn’t recognize, one that rises whenever he recalls her face.
Michael brings them plants from outside the bunker. Just a handful of weeds, ripped up at the roots from cracks in the foundation. But when Jack slides his hand over them, brow furrowed—
Castiel sorts out his stance, thumb tucked beneath his other palm along the hatchet shaft, and pauses with the weapon raised above his head. Dean nudges at Castiel’s arm, then his shoulders, bringing his stance into better balance. “Now, watch what you’re doing with your hips,” Dean says, resting his hands on either side of Castiel’s waist to hold him steady, head tilted aside. “Now, throw!”
Dean stops at the watering hole to grab a coffee, mostly because he sees Anael is busy doing the same. If Hannah is their best connection to the other projects, then Anael is their best source for gossip on upper management.
“Yes,” the djinn agrees. She passes her empty glass to her nearest companion, who takes off, head bowed, to refill it from the kitchen. She follows her minion’s path with her eyes, her attention elegantly drawing back to Cas. “Which is why I need my husband to replant it.”
“I am,” Castiel says, gaze evading Dean, “but in the afternoon I try to lower my caffeine intake with tea.”
Sam holds up his hands, placating. Cas flips through the brochure Garth provided last night, his frown growing the longer he reads. “It says here there are five types of accommodations available, depending on your desired level of luxury.” With all the vibrancy of a dead bird, Cas looks to Dean and asks, “Did Garth say what level he booked for you two?”
“Your case,” Dean confirms, gruff. “You and Stevie and a couple others, out playing bigshots at a werewolf den in Utah.”
Dean stands still at the edge of Castiel’s desk. His hands are fists in the pockets of his dress slacks. “Got a couple questions about BEAU,” he says, clipped. “If you got a minute.”
Which is perfect. BEAU may only be a couple weeks into phase one, but it’s not like they can stop Dean from secretly jump-starting round two ahead of schedule. He just has to make a new code branch to hide his suggested fixes. If all goes well, he’ll add comments to the work orders advising Inias and Miriam how to fix them. Even better, he could merge down the code branch once phase one is all said and done.
Is the impossible finally happening, and Castiel is actually catching on? For once, Dean doesn’t hesitate to offer a reply.
Near the back of the booklet, Dean finds a half-dozen pages with blocks of text and blank lines scrawled out beneath them. Dean reads through the first few questions being asked of his team, subtle inquiries testing the answerer’s opinions on resources needed for upkeep in the legacy project next year.
Dean screwed shut his eyes, using muscle memory to tap through the menus. He checked in for his heat and booked an appointment for five days effective immediately, bypassing the list of eligible alpha companions in favour of the override field at the bottom of the page. Typing in Cas’ private code, Dean confirmed his alpha selection and submitted the appointment request before he could talk himself out of it. When the confirmation page appeared, Dean turned off his phone and forced it roughly beneath his head.
Dean tries to approach him. He tries. But his knees lock up, sending him fumbling forward. Blood rushes through him, pumping wildly, and his heart is suddenly
Within the shower, the rising steam had built into a pleasant fog. Castiel pushed back the curtain and planted one foot firmly inside, and then the other. The tub was rough underfoot, abraded to reduce the chance of slipping. With the curtain rattling back into place, Castiel took an additional two steps forward, placing himself solidly within the shower’s spray.
Nodding, Castiel retrieves two beers from the fridge. Condensation beads along the bottles, dripping between his long fingers. Dean watches the way Castiel cracks open the cap to each, his huge hands wiped across the apron at his hip.
Excuses, excuses, and they all know it. Dean hangs up the call later with their worried faces etched into his mind.
Sam’s got his back shortly after, holding the remaining djinn in a standoff by the time Dean has their presumed leader pinned to the war room table, a scimitar blade pressed to her throat. Presumed, not only because of the intricate black markings tattooing her skin, but also for the regal manner in which she stares up at him.
Dean doesn’t have much time to dwell on it before one of the girls is shouting. Dean whips around, catches sight of Sam and Claire running, rushing toward—
The day is warm, the sky a bright blue pocked with fluffy white clouds. Dean keeps the radio tuned low past the outskirts, his gaze bouncing beyond the ditches and skimming over the seas of wheat surrounding them. He takes the corner at the tail end of their procession, pulling from smooth highway onto single lane grid road.
Inside, their room boasts a narrow layout that spans the full width of the motel’s side wing, all decked out in a gaudy casino theme. A couch and a two-seat table greet the main door, followed by an off-yellow kitchenette paired beside the bathroom. An archway splits the kitchenette from the back half of the room, which contains two neon blue beds and a dresser topped with a vaguely-outdated flatscreen.
Dean swears the guy’s thighs don’t look so thick when he’s wearing dress slacks; he’ll have to confirm as much when Monday rolls around.
“That’s bullshit.” Dean drops Castiel’s plate atop his. “You’ve done a damn good job. They have no good reason to get rid of you!”
Castiel snorts. His expression grows rueful. “We have an hour and a half maximum to get everything tested before production.”
Dean fishes his charger cable out of the bag and fiddles with its arrangement in the power bar while the VPN boots up. Now connected, Dean’s messenger system chimes to life. Castiel’s tight breaths sound in his ear as Dean downloads the zip and opens the cloud sharing service in a separate browser.
“So you love me? Like, for real love me?” Dean blurts, kicking himself. Stupid. Now that he’s had the time to think it through, he still doesn’t have anything good to say.
Sam bursts onto the line, speaking before Dean can end the call again. “It’s nothing! I swear. I’m just glad you got someone in the city watching out for you. I kind of worried, since I moved... It’s been a while since you’ve had friends.”
Jody and Alex, Donna and Cesar and Jesse, they all get in their congratulations, and then there’s a beat where Cas comes up and Dean is staring at him with some unreadable warmth to his face. Though it’s clear to Donnie, even at this distance, that a hug is called for in the moment, Dean just clears his throat and bows his head, glancing around like he’s not sure what to do. Cas has none of it, however, and opts to bully Dean into a firm hug instead, one that Dean rallies against, briefly, before succumbing with a fierce grip.
Dean’s afternoon gets bogged down by a phone call that comes out from left field: the web services project has a question about how they’re interfacing with legacy, and since Castiel’s contact information is still invalid in the address book, the project’s SA ends up reaching out to Dean instead.
Castiel jolts like he’s been thrown into ice water. His hand freezes. His cock throbs against his palm.
Sam laughs. “Yeah, this is maybe out of your league. But trust me, the girl’s non-existence isn’t even the weirdest part. You
It’s been years and Dean still doesn’t know how to say it. Maybe he’ll never know how. But action… Action is better than words anyhow. Dean knows how to make a gesture, even if he doesn’t know how to accept it.
“Jack can sense the tokens,” Patience answers, “and he has immunity to the perimeter. We discussed it while you were two out of it. He can take over for Cas.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says now, heartache pouring out into the crown of Cas’ hair. “It was all me, wrecking things, as usual. Being open, out here with you…” Dean’s breath comes in shakily. “I’ve never done it right. Not sure I even know how. But that’s on me. It wasn’t because of you.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean coughs out, uncertain where he’s going with it. The guy’s clearly given him an out here. Lamely, he adds, “Any questions on the ‘shape’ of legacy, you know where to find me.”
“Goin’ scouting,” Dean calls to the room, though he doesn’t know why he bothers: everybody’s entrenched in their own separate screens.
Dean and Sam beat him back to the motel, heading straight for the girls’ room. The instant they open the door, Dean’s knees start quaking with a tremor that he recognizes, just not in this place. Sam steps ahead, his breath coming quickly. He wipes his brow and nods to Dean, confirming that he’s struck by the same sensation as well.
“I know,” Jack says. For once, his expression softens with something akin to regret; Castiel’s heart breaks. “I’m so sorry, Cas. But we can no longer interfere in these things. There’s no way to save one without wanting to save everyone.”
He thinks of his year with Sam as his roommate, after Sam got help and got clean. Of years earlier, even, when everything was easier, hanging out with Jo and Ash and his other friends from high school.
“Yes,” Bart agrees, “but Castiel emailed me last week, asking for a rundown of what all the legacy SA should take care of. I told him about the monthly production meeting, and I gave him the same queries I sent to you. Good thing too, wouldn’t you say?” he adds, winking at Dean.
Dean keeps his head down as he returns to his office, knowing already that Castiel will be watching for him from behind the confines of his own desk.
It’s late afternoon by the time they finally reach North Cove. The clouds have been building since Aberdeen, and have only darkened the longer they drive the 105. Dean takes to tuneless tapping on the steering wheel when the first rain droplets hit just after Cohassett Beach; by the time they exit the state park, the light downfall has turned into heavy rain.
Chairs abruptly scrape behind them; someone clears their throat pointedly, and a hissed conversation breaks out. Dean turns to find Matty-or-Marky trying to hold Lenora back as she rounds on their table, expression apoplectic, her hands trembling with rage. “Garth,” she begins, her voice shaking, “I’m so sorry I have to do this, but someone needs to tell you that
Dean chuckles but otherwise keeps his eyes peeled on the road unfurling ahead of them. They turn onto a private lane that curves until the trees give way to a quiet patch of loosely tended lawn boxed in by a wooden fence. A small farmhouse reclines against the far treeline, its batten board siding painted a stark white against the black storm shutters framing in the windows. Distantly, Dean can see the throwing range located offside the house, caged in by safety fencing.
Ryan sucks in a breath, taking a moment to remind herself that the angels here are allies. They aren’t dressed for combat, and neither of them mean her any harm. When she’s recovered, she glances over to Maggie, but whatever Maggie is feeling at the moment refuses to show on her face.
From what Dean can tell, observing from afar, Castiel isn’t having a great time with management now that his resignation has been put in.
Castiel smiles faintly. “You are uniquely qualified to both manage and develop.” He drifts closer to Dean, taking a seat in the clothes-covered chair. “It’s unfortunate that Raphael doesn’t see your full capabilities yet.”
Dean can sense his nerves like a current thrumming on the air. Castiel is anxious, but it isn’t enough to get him to leave.
“No, but Rebecca’s alleged kidnapping does.” Claire drops the file onto the dinette in front of Cas, flipping through to a particular page, then stabbing the paper with her finger. “See, right here. When Rebecca came back, she claimed she hadn’t actually run away, she was just trying to find the people who stole her before. She said this was the second time her mom filed a missing persons report on her, that the first time came after she was gone for two days. But the police in this report say there’s no such filing on record, and Maurier’s mom says she has no memory of Rebecca ever going missing before that.”
“Raph’s trying to trick us into admitting time theft and occupational redundancy,” Miriam says simply, as Dean pushes his coffee mug into an elbow and begins flipping through the pages. “There’s a shitton of questions to answer, and a second set of timesheets for us to fill in. I’m assuming it’s for him to compare against our digital records, looking for errors.”
The tremors in Ryan’s legs are fading as she follows Maggie out into the hall, the coolness of the tile and concrete leaching up into her bare feet. Take away the solidity of the foundation, the clean stone and the
A frumpy sound smacks Cas’s end of the call. His voice comes on gravel-thick. “What have you found out about the case?”
Cas’s face is a mere inch away from his own, now that Dean is standing. When Dean breathes, his whole body squeezes up against Cas.
Even with the added background noise, his apartment seems quiet and… lonely, in ways he didn’t expect. After all, it’s not like Castiel took time off to care for him. He just fit Dean in around his usual work schedule. They weren’t hanging out all day, every day, filling their days the way actual friends might spend time together.
“No, that’s not—” Sam cuts himself off and tries again. “The spell to make people forget about Abbie is separate from the spell keeping us out of the city. They both center around the same idea, but one has a way bigger radius of effect.”
He bent over the tub and turned the faucet, and then held his hand beneath the resulting stream of water, a motion he had observed Dean perform in similar circumstances. Castiel’s vessel sensed the transitory changes in water pressure, the sliding scale of temperature as it increased from cold to hot. After 3.28 seconds, he removed his hand as Dean would have done, and pulled the stopper to shift the water flow from the tap up to the shower head.
The attention makes Val shy away her hands. She tucks into herself, shoulders rounding. “I just started a couple weeks ago,” she admits, keeping her gaze away. “My supervisor hates it, but my sister did ‘em for me as a hiring gift.” Glittery purple, her favorite color. Kari has talent for it, even if the demand around here is too slim to start a business of it. “Too dark for the dress code, I guess.”
Castiel shrugs his whole shoulder into the couch, seemingly resigned to accepting his fate. His movements are looser than usual, perhaps likewise affected by the wine. His brow is stormy and mournful in turns, the twist of the light changing his expression from potent to laid open and bare.
Dean gets them as far as Kelso before he’s calling it for the night, pulling them into the parking lot of a motel whose sign they can barely see through the rain. They get a room with a pair of queen beds, the second to last ones left. Dean fiddles with the key until the lock unlatches and the door opens. Castiel does the honors of carrying in their bag.
“Come in,” Castiel says without looking up. He sits hunched over a yellow legal notepad, fingers flipping between its pages as he cross-compares notes that he’s made. “Have a seat.” He waves idly at a chair.
On the far end of the mess hall, the MC Joyce makes some loud pronouncement that doesn’t make it to Dean’s ears. But both Garth and Lenora perk up, the latter adding, “Ooh, there’s a late arrival,” as she begins to wave at the newcomers.
Dean hasn’t had somebody like that around him in a long, long time. Not since Sam got clean and got his shit together, moving out to California to start the next chapter of his life without Dean stuck fast to his side.
“It’s possible,” Jack says, after a moment. “But I don’t want you to need me. I want Heaven to be a place that outlasts God themself.”
Dean groans, his chin dropped to his chest. “Damnit, Sammy. Should’ve thought of that when you were taking aliases.”
“Hey, now,” Dean begins, mock-affronted. His grin grows stronger with the exaggerated wink Castiel gives over his shoulder.
Out front, two white rental vans are parked and puttering with their side doors sprung open. Dumah, Gail and Indra from web services are clustered together by the smoking section outside the lobby, chatting among themselves. Bart gathers them up and goes over the itinerary again as they wait for Raphael to arrive a fashionable fifteen minutes late.
“Yes, I’ve reviewed your other additions,” Cas said nonchallantly, and suddenly Dean was thinking back to the night he scrolled through the site’s companion preferences list, lonely and checking off all the sex positions he imagined maybe someday experiencing with Cas.
Castiel exchanges a look with Anael, bowing his head so she may proceed. “We are willing to do that, yes. If a human truly asks us for guidance, then we’ll give it.”
Even if Dean’s heat weren’t begging him to tuck into the pillows, the smell of Castiel upon Dean’s possessions made him want to roll around until those summer rains were embedded inside Dean’s skin. The scent surrounded Dean like a sweet glaze, offering comfort and the promise of uninterrupted rest.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You’ve seen Ennis, right? Dark hair, blue eyes? A sexy smattering of stubble?” He shrugs, grinning. “Hard to say no to that.”
“You’re telling me.” Pamela snorts, taking back her hand. “The way I see it, there’s gotta be a way for Heaven to guard us from shit like that getting carried away.”
The hall exits into a modest living room, with a couch and armchair and a flatscreen TV. The sky through the window behind the television is dark, suggesting early evening or shortly after sunrise; Dean assumes it is the former, since the jetlag fogging his head feels like he’s slept through an entire day.
Cas shakes his head. “This isn’t a skogsra. They lure adults who cross their paths to their deaths, not seek out and steal children.”
Dean blinks, recovering himself with a couple pointed sips from his coffee. “Gotta say, you’re a little weird, man.”
Cas quirks Dean a look, somewhere between confused and endeared, a soft question in his eyes. Dean takes the excuse to look straight at him, and notes the flush scrubbed into Cas’ cheeks, the pink rim of blood gathering in the crease of Cas’ nose.
One of the angels scratches their blade through the demon trap on the floor, and then suddenly the demons are breaking for them.
Miriam and Dumah line up against each other, followed by Bart versus Indra, and Zach versus Dean. After a couple times through the line, Zach begins huffing with each throw, his shirt tails coming untucked and hanging loosely from his waist. Raphael placidly watches them all, updating the tally on the white board each time a hatchet manages to land.
Dean winces. He scuffs a hand through his hair. "Yeah, sorry. But you should know we Winchesters are a hardy lot.” He thumps his chest and grins. “It'll take more than a cold to kill me."
Sam makes a show out of retrieving his burner from his pants pocket, slapping it down onto her palm.
His face flushes with the indignity of it. No fucking way would Dean do this to anybody, regardless of whether he called them kin.
That question brings with it several more, like—why did Castiel volunteer to look out for him, bringing Dean into his home to recover? It’s not like their office has a great health plan, sure, but Cas could’ve easily dumped him at a hospital and be done with it, leaving Dean to whatever bills his dumb ass incurred for being reckless with his cold.
Sam’s mouth falls open. His attention drops to the hot coffee dribbling over his hand. “Shit. Sorry—you—what?”
They take turns after that, lining up in groups of three along the trio of individual targets. Indra manages to nick the plywood before his hatchet bounces off, but both Dumah and Miriam turn out much deadlier on their initial throws, their weapons thudding heavily into the plywood, embedded within the bullseye lines.
Pamela and Jo startle at his abrupt appearance, wary and ready for a fight, but Castiel holds up his hands in peace, asking plaintively, “I need your help.”
The misshapen lump of blankets and pillows shifted slightly. Cas became little more than a pair of eyes squinting out from his collection of covers.
Then Monday comes, and the groove that work has worn into his mind takes over, pulling Dean back onto the same path he’s built himself the past five years.
Dean hums agreement, his shoe tapping against the edge of Castiel’s desk. The rhythmic thud makes Castiel glance sidelong away from his laptop, his eyes narrowed at Dean but his mouth quirked with humor, so Dean continues the annoyance.
With his eyes closed, Castiel carves out a piece of the air in front of him. “The shape of the system is there. I can feel it. I just can’t see it yet.” His hands float briefly, then drop. His eyes reopen, focusing back on Dean.
“Dean,” Castiel says. “He’s angry with me. He barely speaks to me, even if I prompt him. And I don’t know why.”
Dean steps out from where he’s barricaded himself in the bathroom, moving stiff-legged with his back half seized up from sitting on the floor, his shirt removed as he rifles through what’s left of his duffel bag. “Hey Garth, did you touch my stuff? Could’ve sworn I packed more clothes than this. D’you have, uh—”
Castiel removes the towel from around his neck. He locates a night shirt from the duffle, pulls it over his head.
Dean nearly choked on the thought, until Castiel motioned to solely his jacket and tie. Nodding, Dean extended his pensive silence by biting into one diagonal half of the beef sandwich. Castiel set his suit jacket onto the back of a chair, folded up his tie, and reached again for his trusty tablet.
The drive out to the acreage is a quiet one, with Gail and Indra murmuring between themselves, and Dumah sometimes asking questions directed at them all. Dean for his part is thankful for the silence. He’s always liked being in a vehicle, heading out to whatever distant place he wants to be, just him and the road and fresh air in-between. It’s not the same, being crushed in the backseat with Mir and Cas, but Dean will take it. It’s just nice to be outside the office for once.
It was a satisfactory experience, though Castiel preferred when he tipped his head backward and felt the spray against his throat instead of his brow. On his chest was pleasing too, particularly when coupled with gentle sweeps of his hands through the water collecting on his skin. Castiel touched his nipples again and found them stiffening, the flesh growing pebbled and firm. He wanted the touch to make him groan, but unfortunately the feeling seems only physical still.
Dean snorts. “It’s okay, bud. I get it. You got the job and I didn’t, but that doesn’t mean I can’t handle my own shit or that I’m not a damn good employee. Just leave me to do my thing and you do yours, and when the dust has settled you can phase me out to a different team like you clearly seem to want to.”
Cas had sounded almost grateful as he said, “Hello, Dean.” Within a minute he was joking about the app outage and giving Dean his personal cell phone.
As they closed in on the bed, Dean drew back far enough to rest his brow against Cas’ temple. He closed his eyes. His nose brushed Cas’ cheek. Their mouths were close enough to exchange heated breaths.
“You didn’t ask for it,” Castiel says quietly, “but people know now, about you, and they still love you. My family, they…”
He groaned, stretching a cramp out in his leg. The motion jostled a very obvious weight inside of him, and in an instant Dean felt where another body had been tied into his own.
“Told you it was a trap,” Patience mutters from the far side of the kitchenette. Her hoodie is up around her mouth and nose again.
Dean groans and jostles him, pushing too roughly. His body is pressed distractingly tight against Castiel’s.
Face flooding with heat, Dean lifts his wine cup as a distraction. He drains it more quickly than he should. He coughs through the dregs, setting the glass down roughly on the coffee table. “I, uh. The converter. Gonna check if—yeah.”
“Try,” Castiel says. He feels rude as soon as he says it. But Dean needs to grow too, if Castiel is going to stay.
Cas hums, squeezing through his slumber. Dean sighs and scrubs a rough hand up Cas’ back, earning another stretch and sigh. Cas tucks into him, his scruff scratching along Dean’s neck, his mouth damp against tender skin. Dean drops his cheek atop Cas’ head and thanks the universe they’re both still here.
Touching the steepled top of the throne is Jack, his fingers tracking the delicate arc of its construction. Brow drawn, eyes pensive. His tan jacket now a luminous white.
But Castiel remains adamant, drawing back once more. “Dean, I want you to know. You have to know that this”—another kiss—”I don’t want to be just an office fling.”
Rowena glances between them, frowning. “That means he wins, right? He must; there’s no way to confirm otherwise.”
“Whoa,” Max murmurs, eyeing Cas up as he shakes his hand. “You’ve got some juice to you, don’t you?”
He lands roughly on Cas’s side of the bed, pressed into his back. He shakes Cas’s arm. Cas grumbles and wriggles muzzily away, frowning as he rolls onto his other side.
“Mm-hmm.” Miriam taps her nails on his desk. “Better keep him company on that, otherwise the poor puppy is gonna start whimpering real quick.”
Cas, the asshole, just laughs and kisses the sweat on Dean’s brow. “Do I need to administer pupil tests? How well can you track my fingers?”
On the legacy side of life, Inias has been more than happy to pluck away at his usual production bug list. But when it comes to the scheduled updates rolling in from implementations, it turns out he prefers to take a back seat.
Dean has spent his time pretending like the empty days aren’t eating through him, that the work and the people around him are enough to fill the Cas-shaped hole bleeding in his chest. Not that he’s ungrateful. He knows he lucked out, just this once, in finding a best friend in Cas. He just wishes his luck had stretched a little further, come in a little stronger. That all those years of tiptoeing around his feelings for Cas had amounted to something in the end.
, y’know …” His hand made another complicated motion, which Dean stopped partway through and simply covered his face. He coughed and straightened his back, firming up whatever decision he had just made. “I could be a spotter, just incase, y’know … if you’re doing something freakishly weird.”
Truth be told, Dean has kept on almost all the SA duties while Castiel continues to get acclimated. The guy seems barely to have a handle on the names and team positions of his coworkers, let alone what all is expected of him as their SA. Dean’s not about to jeopardize Inias or Miriam’s work by short-circuiting the new guy with an infodump containing exactly what all his job
The boy freezes, as if caught out. Nat puffs around her lighter and waits impatiently for him to thaw. “Think it was a white truck, last I saw.”
Inside his office, Castiel closes the door behind Dean and, with a heavy breath, collapses against the door.
Castiel smiles almost shyly, gaze dropping to the one bouquet fresh enough for him to insist Dean bring it home with him. "I would like that."
He plants a hand on one of the tables, knocked askew in the scuffle, breathing hard. His eyes prickle and his throat turns to sand.
“Good,” Raphael says. A moment hangs, awkward and endless, before he speaks again. “Well, I won’t keep you if you’re busy. Dean, I’m sure I can count on you to catch Castiel here up to speed on the legacy system.”
Knowing that it isn’t real means nothing to Dean. It still feels like fish hooks pulling loose from his skin, the effort of leaving Cas and his dream self behind.
They join Dean in his corner of the lobby, waiting for web services or upper management to come collect them for the day. Unfortunately, it's Bart who finds them first. He exits the elevator with his fake grin already plastered on, overwide and overbright. Upon locating them, he throws an arm apiece around Dean and Miriam, exclaiming, “How great is it we get to spend the day together?”
When Zach and Raphael finally show up, Cain has to pause their efforts and give out his instructions all over again.
Dean shuts his eyes against the sudden sweep of nostalgia. The old way he’d shoot out of bed to find Cas standing there, patiently waiting for him. The patent frown and fluffy bedhead that Dean somehow came to love.
“No, Dean—listen to me. It’s hard. I know it’s hard. Every moment I’m not with you, I’m—” Castiel inhales sharply, his eyes squeezing shut. “But you are strong, Dean. So strong. And you are worthy of the best life has to offer. Every last drop of goodness, of hope and laughter and joy on this planet—you deserve it. A man as kind, and caring, and selfless as you…”
The silence in the boardroom echoes endlessly, caught in the thrum of grace that composes Heaven itself.
They exchange goodbyes. Dean hangs up. He stares out the front windshield, smiling at nothing. The cell phone sits warm in his hand.
“Baby, you’re so beautiful,” Dean murmurs, mouthing at Cas’ cheek, trailing the sharp line of bone beneath his eye. Cas moves a hand to Dean’s neck and holds him in place as he kisses him, his hips dragging against Dean’s belly. Dean gives up his grip on their dicks and just allows Cas to thrust against him, his own cock trapped beneath the weight of Cas’ body, his wet hand digging into Cas’ thick thigh. He mouths along the apple in Cas’ throat, tongue delving out to scrape the stubble, the full column of Cas’ neck now exposed.
Dean sits at the table a beat longer, feeling almost drunk in the silence that has flooded the room in his brother’s stead. He misses Sam like his own heartbeat, like he’s muffled and gone with half a continent between them. But Dean has his life, and Sam has his, and everyone’s happy. It shouldn’t matter that they don’t live close to each other anymore—in the same apartment, or the same city, the same state. They’ve made their choices. Their lives are set.
From the corner of her eye, Josh is dragging fierce bullhorns from his eyes toward her, his brow dropped in a glower. Val blames this distraction as the reason for her inattention, for why the blonde is able to sneak up on her at all.
First day and the guy isn’t even feigning an attempt at social niceties. Dean harrumphs to himself; if Castiel knew even half of what was needed in a good system analyst, he’d be out here asking questions of the team instead of relying on the results of Raph’s misguided questionnaire.
He doesn’t want to—he’s driven through worse—but Cas tightens his grip and of course Dean caves. He throws on the signal and nudges the car from gravel into grass, coming to a full stop at a field approach.
Benny looks somber at that, like Dean’s disappointed him by missing the point. But then Benny plucks up his drink and drains the glass, thumbing the rim in contemplation. “We’re here for you anyway, brother. Including Novak. When the other teams are chirping, we got your back. So stop picking fights and just play the game, alright?”
Dean grins as well. “Same. But I was thinking—after. When I come back. Maybe we could… Have dinner together. Get some takeout. Y’know.” He grunts. “Like old times.”
Dean falls into place beside his brother, watching with Sam for a beat as the others swarm each other in lazy circles. Sam looks like he’s enjoying the sun and the breeze, his sleeves rolled up and his hair pushed back.
“Sap,” Dean mutters, his cheeks heating. He flattens his hands along Cas’ back and curves him in, fulfilling the promise of his kiss.
The class breaks once the instructor finishes his reviews; Garth mingles with the other couples and Cas comes over to Dean, setting down what he’s drawn. He looks over Dean’s easel and picks up the canvas, the line between his eyebrows as deep as the Grand Canyon as he reviews Dean’s take on Garth. “You really think of him this way?”
Dean waves the offer up, but Castiel requests a hot chocolate. Charlie winks and shoots a finger-gun over to him, heading for the order bar.
The djinn gives a tinkling laugh, light as the note from her glass. “Oh, Castiel. The Tree is not something that grows from a seed.” She leans across the table, her smile sharpening. Her blue palm comes to rest atop Cas’ hand. “It can only be replanted from dreams.”
“Max,” Dean announces, tucking his phone away. He fights his way to his feet, swatting away Cas’ attempts to help him rise.
“Nah.” Sam shakes his head. “Angle’s wrong for breaking the glamour. Max figures we got about another twenty minutes to wait.”
Dean blurts out a noise that only makes it halfway toward English. It’s slightly less embarrassing than face-planting in a parking lot.
Sam’s expression softens, and Dean feels it like a punch to the gut. The kid is juggling an internship with a high-profile lawyer and then here’s Dean, bitching about forty hours sitting in an office chair.
With calloused hands, Dean grabs fistfuls of Castiel’s trench coat and wrenches him in closer, knocking him off his feet. Castiel stumbles forward, clutching at the one thing that has always kept him steady. A hand lands on Dean’s shoulder; the same one he grabbed when he pulled Dean free from Hell.
Castiel and Miriam arrive a short time later, coming up from the parkade atypically dressed in casual wear. Miriam is slouched over in a pale pink jumper, tired from the early morning, as usual, her frown hidden by the oversized brown sunglasses she wears to hide her glare. Cas, however, looks damn near unrecognizable without his ill-fitting suit and striped blue tie—his shoulders look broader when stretched beneath a tight dark t-shirt, his hips looking leaner in jeans.
So sue him. He likes his hectic little corner of the company. He’d rather keep legacy as-is, rather not see Castiel leave it. Rather keep the project that he and Cas have made rolling a little while longer. Together.
It’s hard to know why it frightens him so, but Castiel summons the courage to ask, “Is it—good enough? This heaven? Will he be happy with it?”
Dean should have expected something, after Malphas and Ukobach both started hanging out on Dean’s half of the ice. Haagenti makes a play for the puck, but Dean dekes deftly past him, swiping around him closer to the boards. Then Dean’s on breakaway, carrying fast across the ice, when suddenly Malphas and Ukobach are behind him, Malphas up close with his stick hooked across Dean’s chest.
On one such particular morning, Dean has sunk hours into fighting with what should have been a relatively easy batch of queries that are refusing to properly run. For some reason Bart sent him the queries in an email instead of as an attachment, and something in the formatting styles has gotten lost in translation. The separated strings are now all bunched together and tangled, making them impossible to run as-is.
“The puke perimeter?” Claire gives a close-mouthed smile. “No, it covers a ton of the city. Sam and Patience are the ones with the maps.”
Eventually, the trees clear enough to reveal the ocean, its waters a pitted and opaque gray. The rain softens its beatings against the rooftop, as they depart the trees. The Impala digs loamy ruts in the dirt leading to a cabin up ahead.
Castiel grips at Dean’s waist; touches at the base of Dean’s throat. He feels Dean’s pulse pounding, the flutter of his skin as his jaw moves, pressing without hesitation until Castiel gasps, overwhelmed by the sensation.
“‘Scuse me,” he says to Castiel, summoning a cough for extra emphasis, and hauls the laptop into the bedroom with the door closed. He perches on the bed and counts down the time it should take for Sam to feel contrite, and then reopens his laptop and reconnects the call.
Cas hasn’t moved so far as Dean can tell. He sleeps with his arms still folded across his torso, his mouth twitching through each labored rise and fall of his chest. Dean waits with his breath held until he can hear Cas’ soft, shuffling breathing, the rasp of his lungs coming slow through the dark.
In a coordinated effort, Patience, Claire and Alex shout loudly that it’s time for presents, and from beneath a table they carry out a plastic bin filled with small gifts wrapped in either newspaper or princess-themed paper, no in-between. Dean gets pushed into a chair, and with a paper crown donned atop his head he’s passed a beer and begins picking his way through the modest pile. Around him, the pool games pick up again.
Dean struggles upright, resting his back against the dresser. Sam does one step better and heaves himself up onto a clothes-riddled armchair, his arms hanging akimbo over the sides.
Dean clears his throat, stepping closer, and slaps a hand down heavily onto Jack’s shoulder. “We would’ve waited for you, of course. But everything happened so fast, and it kinda felt right in that moment. To make a cake. And celebrate.”
Dean laughs harder, the crinkles around his eyes coming out. He cups Castiel’s cheek and reels him in again, kissing him firmly. His hand remains there even after he pulls back, looking at Castiel with a fondness that makes his heart warmly ache.
“And you really can’t control it?” Dean wasn’t sure why it was so difficult for him to believe it. Maybe because Castiel always seemed like a put together guy; it was hard to imagine him helplessly causing blackouts in his surroundings.
“It’s a glamour,” Max calls out, wading toward them through the wheat. Cas follows, his trenchcoat billowing behind him, drifting like flotsam atop the field.
A laugh bursts loose from him, to which Dean immediately clams up, his dimples dampening the grin threatening to overwhelm his face.
“I’ve had a path,” Castiel replies, “and rules to follow, ever since I was a child. I had to cut out anything that wouldn’t help me advance in my career.”
Castiel hums agreeably. “This bakery also makes an excellent strawberry rhubarb, if you like that sort of thing.”
“It’s alright,” Castiel insists. “I recognize it. But… I seem to remember my silver pickup being more reliable. Needing less repairs.”
Then Cas had come onto the line, sounding so unlike himself in his professional voice. Dean had been relieved to hear his cadence drop from its robotic workplace flare, becoming the warm Cas Dean had come to lo—
Dean glides his hand down along Cas’ arm, bumps his grip aside and replaces Cas with a tunnel made by his own fist. His palm is rough, introducing a shudder to Cas’ thrusts, but if Cas’ increasing moans are anything to go by he’s into it. His panting rumbles into the juncture of Dean’s neck, teeth catching on the strained tendons as Dean groans along the same.
A pause, then Castiel says, careful, “I wanted to know, when I put my notice in… Are you okay if I recommend you as my replacement? For legacy’s SA?”
If Dean’s not careful, he’ll lose any shot at proving to Raph and Zach that he’s a strong candidate for moving upward. He even might be made redundant before legacy’s official end.
“Yeah.” Dean nods. “Don’t think the kid knows how to let go of his caseload yet, but he’ll have to figure it out.”
Except the tomatoes seemed fine upon closer inspection. Both the plants and the fruit. A little weak, yeah, but nothing irreversible. Whoever had tossed the plants must have been sick of watering them, that’s all.
Dean glances up at the entryway, spotting where Cas has come bursting through the bunker’s main door, rumpled and breathless. Dean holds still, ears straining for further answer. The tension between Sam and the remaining djinn pauses, as if waiting to know what will happen next.
“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon,” Dean mumbles as his printer thumps and whirrs. His fingers flap fruitlessly at the output tray, as if he could hurry the report into manifesting its physical form.
“You do you,” Dean replies, his gaze kept away. He shoves the last of his fries into his mouth and wipes his hands against his jeans, shuffling himself out from the booth. “S’cuse me, need to use the little girl’s room.”
Cas comes up to Dean slowly, scanning the area with a squint. A breath shudders out from Dean, partly from the perimeter, partly from proximity. He wipes at the sweat forming on his brow.
Dean scrambles for his laptop, arrowing his cursor straight for his calendar… which hasn’t been opened yet today, for some reason. As a result, he never received the 30- and 15-minute warning pop-ups that the meeting was coming his way.
Dean’s funeral is an achingly small affair, arranged for Sam alone. It’s the only reason Castiel can think of why the rest of their loved ones are not present; Sam has nursed his grief in private, his heart cradled in the loss that has befallen him.
The boy rolls down the window instead of opening the door, his expression carrying an air of sibling smugness, and the girl wags her finger at him like he’s just backed out of a deal. Nat’s gaze roves over to the short-haired driver, who shouts something at both of them over the roof of the car, looking like he’s scolding infants for slapping darling’s glass. Whatever he says, it brings the siblings back onside with each other. The boy rolls his eyes, and with an exaggerated flare he climbs out from the passenger side, following his sister’s lead toward the store.
“Exactly,” Sam says. “I’m thinking the token uses the fact we’re hunters to keep us away from anything we’d use to find out who did this. It’s also probably why we remember Abbie after everybody else forgot.”
Nat, who knows more than she should, knows enough to say nothing. The fact the taller brother isn’t with him, and the two rugrats inside are biding time keeping him away from something, paints a picture as to what’s coming in his future pretty darn quick.
Chuck’s smile turns rueful. He sticks his tongue out, blows a loud noise. “No thanks. Not interested.”
The first week passes with a minimal number of defects being logged as a result of legacy’s latest reshuffling. Dean reviews the bugs Hannah has reported and divvies them out between Inias and himself, leaving Miriam free to handle an update unexpectedly added to their schedule by the implementations team.
Familiar names step inside the bar to formally introduce themselves, now that Donnie’s given them the go-ahead. Dean’s brother, Sam, shows up alongside a woman named Jody, the both of them exchanging handshakes with Donnie before hashing out their vision for the evening. Most of what they’re looking for Donnie already has onhand—the burger buns and fixings are a given, and his usual menu fills out the rest of their requests. Then the younger kids come in carrying smoke-tinged streamers to hang around the place, and the chipper woman, Donna, pins the paper outline of some cryptid creature atop the bar’s dartboard. The man named Cas lastly follows, finally putting a face to the name Donnie’s heard from Dean more times than he can count.
“Yeah. Sorry, bud.” Dean feels the weight of reality pressing down, pulling at them both like a stone looped around their necks. His only saving grace is that he knows so little; beyond the call Bart made weeks ago, Dean has been kept just as much in the dark as Inias.
Castiel straightens his laptop and searches for the number to the nurse’s helpline. As he adds it to his contact list, the late hour on his phone screen flashes up, and he groans at the sight of it. It’s going to take him an hour yet to clean up Dean’s bungled meeting documents. Castiel may as well settle in for a while
Dean shuts his eyes, exhales harshly. His body goes cold, thinking about how wrong he’s been about this whole evening.
Dean puts the request in for vacation time a month before he wants to take it, but Adler doesn’t get back to him until another two weeks have passed.
“Besides,” Sam adds, “odds are the token is at the house, right? The abductors would likely keep one where they’re located.”
Now that his heat had died down enough for him to finally chance a look, Dean saw how bizarrely out of place Castiel seemed in Dean’s paltry kitchen, the scratched formica and 80s-style honeyoak cabinets clashing sorely with Castiel’s formal business attire. Dean would be embarrassed, except his stomach growled at the first sighting of pastries Castiel was pulling out from the cooler, a plate of fruit tarts he set down in addition to the meal he had prepared for Dean.
“I know,” Dean replies, gentle. “But as much as I like you, I’m not looking for a job next to you on campus. The salvage yard’s been good to me anyways.”
He mumbles vaguely and waves her off, settling back into his laptop. The only time he’ll ever stop is when he’s dead... but maybe in the meantime he can slow down a little.
Salt lines and painted traps keep the demons from wandering far from the war room. Dean and Sam flank the library entrance while Jack and Michael, back to back, take swipes at the encroaching swarm.
Impulsively, Dean lifted the edge of Cas’ poncho, high enough to reassure himself that Cas’ cast was still dry. Cas gave him a dark look and immediately sidled out of reach, turning to face the rain streaming down his window.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel lifts their conjoined hands. His lips brush over Dean’s knuckles, pressing in with a soft kiss.
“I know, right?” Garth chuckles. “Turns out he and his belle took a road trip down to Vegas. One drive-thru tunnel of love later and whoop”—Garth whistles—“we have a new family member added to the mix!”
Dean’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t need to stay late either. He just stops by when he sees Dean’s light is on and asks whether he’s interested in eating at some place Dean’s never heard of, Cas seemingly having dreamed up a different restaurant for every day of the month. Most times Dean agrees with whatever Castiel has suggested and heads out with him to the place they chose together.
Dean lingers by the water fountain, wandering by customer service on his way out the door. His gaze snags on the missing persons flyers hanging from a poster board, the rows of smiling young faces, the names and dates and years that have passed since they all were last seen. Dean counts them on a whim.
“Oh.” It hurts more than it ought to, slipping in like a blade straight between the ribs. Dean nods sharply, readjusting in his chair. “Okay. Um. Okay.” He takes back his hand, and stands shakily, legs suddenly quavering. “I’ll just. Yeah.” He gives a pathetic wave toward the door.
“Jack,” Castiel breathes. He rushes for his adoptive son, though he stops an arm’s length away, some impulse keeping him from closing their ranks with a sweeping hug. His outstretched hand falls back to his side.
“I’m sorry. I just found out the file I gave her is wrong. The rate tables don’t match.” A heavy breath, then: “What do we do?”
Castiel wanted to know what it felt like to be so connected to another person. How humans could have such limited insight into their own minds and bodies, and yet such shallow physical sensations resulted in such deep fonts of joy.
It continues to wear the face of Meg, the demon, and a part of Castiel pangs to see her so distressed. But then the Shadow catches sight of Castiel and summarily recoils from him, fear flickering through its expression before being pushed aside by rage.
“Are you still seeing Nate?” Ryan asks as casually as she can manage while still partly out of breath.
Dean laughs a little. He drops the wrench into a tool box and unties his flannel shirt, using one of the sleeves to mop sweat from his brow. The shirt gets balled up; his back straightens, body stiff.
There’s nothing more to say, not if Dean refuses to make room for it, so Sam falls silent, nodding like it’s enough. “Yeah. Some things just mess up. But the two of you… He’ll come back.”
“S’fine,” Dean says, tapping his knuckles against Castiel’s arm. He’s been watching closely whenever Castiel throws the hatchet, and his technique seems mostly in-line with what Cain instructed.
“What’s with the booklets?” Dean asks Miriam, leaning against a side wall of her cubicle with his now-cold coffee in hand.
Sam’s brow lifts with surprise, or shock—Dean can’t tell the difference between them anymore. He turns to Dean and Jack, readying a question. But Dean turns to Michael, cutting off whatever Sam might say so he can ask, “What d’you mean about the angels? Did all of them get out, or just—”
Jack looks over the figures drawn into the earth. He drags his fingers through a few of the symbols, tightening the equations in ways Castiel did not expect. “Does that help?”
Jack waves and greets Dean good morning, which Dean returns though he's distracted by how Cas has his shoulder slouched over, his arm wrapped around a brown bag that’s wrinkled at the top like a bottle neck.
Slowly, a thought solidifies, forming some small kernel of belief. Castiel’s back straightens, his face lifting to the warmth of the sun, eyes squinted against the blue. “Maybe you’re right, Dean. We're all just making it up as we go. Maybe it’s okay if Heaven does the same.”
“Ach, no,” Rowena proclaims. “I’m the one who will curse every last hair off your head if you keep bothering him about such ancient history.” To Sam, she tilts her head upward, inviting a kiss. “I’m the only woman for you, aren’t I, Samuel?”
Agent Douglas waits offside, browsing hot sauces until the crowd in the store has dissipated, the line having dried up and died. Ricky makes a quick glance at the tills, confirms Julie’s glued back on her phone, and ushers the agent up to the display case.
Castiel takes all their attention in stride, smiling in his restrained way. But Dean catches the way his gaze casts around, circling back to Dean’s office again and again. Once, Castiel manages to glance over before Dean can avert his eyes. He seizes Dean’s gaze and holds it, some plaintive message carried in the tilt of his head, the furrowed lift of his brow.
Dean has to try. He made this mess, so he ought to clean it up somehow, set things right. But between Cas glaring at him and Cas cuddling up against him, Dean’s uncertain what it is he should say.
—to where Dean has been glancing compulsively, just hoping Cas might return. Look to confirm that yes, Cas is gone, and no, Dean will never see him again.
Ryan looks again to Maggie for support, but this time Maggie has prised herself from Ryan’s hold, and has begun backing away from the kitchen with her hands raised. “Sorry, guys, but I have a mission,” she says, which is a lie so far as Ryan knows, even if she can’t prove it.
Castiel exchanges one such look with Dean now, though disappointedly Dean doesn’t hold his interest for long. Castiel turns instead to Miriam, saying, “Have you heard what they’re planning for a reward, once BEAU is done?”
Castiel’s face falls. “I just thought…” His hands fold together in his lap, a thumb running knuckles smooth.
“C’mere,” Dean says, reaching for a hug. But Jack leans away, arms instinctively raised. And that—that hurts. Fuck. Of course Dean didn’t fix this yet; once again, he’s just making a mess—
Dean kicked off his shoes, dumping them unceremoniously over the side of the bed. He punched the pillow behind him, then crooked his legs and planted his heels firmly into the bedspread. Tapping at Castiel’s leg, Dean gestured for him to follow suit. “Just get your pants down enough to—yeah, like that.”
He revisits the reservoir, observing his past self walk into the water. Observing Dean fish his sodden trench coat from the shoreline, folding it hand over hand, cursing Castiel. He then revisits the next time he died by a reaper’s blade, watching Dean clutching at him, holding his face.
Castiel hums, playfully light. “Even now, you try to hold everyone together. It’s such an intrinsic part of you, that you care so much about your team.”
“You put in an emergency work order for this?” Dean asks, jotting down the number Castiel recites. “‘Kay. Let her know she can test it as soon as I put the order’s status to On Alpha. Who will be testing once she confirms it’s ready for beta?”
Castiel shrugs, his shoulders tightening. “It’s hard getting placements when you’re…” He gestures to whatever seems to be the problem, which ends up being the entirety of himself. “After I was let go, my brothers pulled some strings to get me hired at the law office.” His flattened smile turns brittle. “Not exactly an esteemed career history here.”
Hank looks up slowly from his sudoku, contemplating the value of reacting to his junior reporter’s commentary. It took a month to warm up to the new hire, but Hank’s learned by now that the kid’s net for ‘strange’ casts wide and catches everything, including more than it should.
Castiel holds his ground despite how his wings shudder. He allows the Shadow to push its face up to his face, its teeth bared against his neck.
Bart wraps up his gloating, and wanders off to whatever special projects team is putting up with him these days. Dean looks around the meeting room, but Castiel must have already headed back downstairs.
The dust from Inias’ departure settles. Weeks come and go. Dean and Miriam learn to carry the weight of legacy’s development between the two of them.
Dean slows his chewing as the muscles in his back tense up, ratcheting his spine straighter. He has to remind himself that Castiel talking about work is just the same as any of their fast food outings together. It’s a common subject, and only natural that it would come up.
Castiel jolts and, cursing, struggles to regain equilibrium. A hand plants roughly beside Dean on the desk. With his other, he guides Dean’s head back to where it was, cradled gently beside the column of his throat.
If he hates Dean, why would he be so generous? More troubling: if their situations were reversed, would Dean have done the same?
(Cas buys old pulp novels in bulk from the library, picking up mysteries and science fiction paperbacks for twenty-five cents a bag. His streaming tastes are slightly more appalling, geared towards trashy dating shows and reality TV, though Castiel accepts every show recommendation Dean offers him, and comes back on Mondays with talking points for each suggestion.)
“And what are these expectations?” Dean asks. “Dumah gave me her thoughts on it, but I’d like to hear it again from you.”
A distant part of himself hated how he sounded, cracked open and raw, his needs left bare for the pickings. But Cas had never made him feel like the gesture was a waste. This might be another time when it was okay to express his needs.
“Come with me,” says Castiel, tilting his head toward his office. They cross the floor quickly, garnering looks from Miriam and Inias. Miriam goes so far as to open her mouth, readying a question, but Dean makes a curt hand motion and doesn’t spare another look her way.
“Right, right, the radius thing—oh wait, you guys were serious about it? I thought, uh, wow—yeah, I’m pulling over now, I swear—”
“Went and got it for you,” Dean tells them both, though he’s looking at Castiel. “Called in a favour with Amos; he’s gonna drive that birdshit POS back after he finishes up with a case.”
“Oh, hello, Sam,” Matty says, squinting from Sam’s red name sticker to Cas’s one, scribbled over with marker, “and… Cas? What does your name tag mean? I haven’t seen anyone with that color.”
“I need an extra developer on an internal project being announced next week. Can someone be moved onto it? Someone good,” Bart adds, bristling Dean with the implied insult.
“Call in your order next time. We’ll think about it.” Claire crumples her burger wrapper and tosses it at him. Dean catches it on reflex, then palms the foil wad from hand to hand.
Dean brushes up against the edge of the perimeter, same as the rest of them, while they watch Jack go. Mary and Jody test the vanishing points of the farmhouse, wandering side to side, while the younger women make a game out of stepping into the perimeter, seeing how long they can hang inside the edge before the ache becomes too great.
“Fuck,” Dean says to no one in particular, except maybe the shitty hand dealt to him by fate. Two weeks since that trashy article and already his problems have become the team’s problems. Dean needs to smarten up if he wants to keep them on-track to the playoffs, which they’re bombing out of at this rate.
“So Zach had no idea if the new guy’s any good,” Inias grouses over a ham sandwich, crowded in on Dean’s corner of the lunch table.
“It’s a halo,” Dean repeated. “Already got that. Now hit me.” He threw out his arms in a blocking position, squinting. It was full dark now, and difficult to look at Castiel with the truck headlights burning to either side of him.
Castiel takes up the thin wooden stick he likes to use for drawing, toying with it between both hands. “You asked me to help you escape the Empty. I kept my promise. That’s it.”
Dean inhales sharply. The cake tastes like it’s been baked exactly how the side of the box describes it should be baked—and yet it’s somehow extra delicious from the effort being made. He wipes his mouth, puts his fork down. “You didn’t need to—I didn’t need you to do that for me.”
Castiel makes a noise in his throat, something Dean doesn’t trust to listen to him. Castiel packs up quickly from the archives, leaving Dean scrambling, shouting, “No birthday!” in his wake.
Sometimes it helps, telling himself to keep going, that he just needs to survive until Castiel’s replacement is hired. The new SA will shake things up, maybe inject a little life into legacy. But as the weeks pass and their time without an SA grows, Dean doubts that his routine will change just yet.
“Thank god,” Victor murmurs, once they’ve entered the shop, a bell above the door tinkling as it shuts behind them. A bank of booth seating fills the far wall, a few patrons sitting among them. The front window contains an old sofa and mismatched armchairs, recently vacated. Castiel plunks down besides Victor on the worn leather couch, pulling Dean down beside him. They remove their winter coats, toss them over the back of the couch. Castiel reaches over to Dean, taking back his hand.
“Is this another concussion test?” When Castiel offers no answer, Dean snaps out, “About three. Why?”
Dean thumps a fist against his own table and swings his legs down, returns to standing. The remainder of the queen’s entourage titters as he moves closer, their bodies tensing for the scimitars currently housed in their scabbards. Dean leaves them hanging, briefly, before bumping his hip against the table where the queen sits. “So you came all the way here from Syria to tell us… why?”
Patience huffs and readjusts in her seat, her sighs audible above the commercials jangling on the radio and the road noise coming from the street. Dean chances a glance over and finds her scribbling something onto the margins of their grid map, her brows rigidly drawn together.
She levels a pointed finger at him as she exits. “I mean it. Slow the fuck down, Dean. Legacy isn’t going anywhere anytime soon.”
Max gives her a reassuring smile. “Right.” To Dean, his smile weakens. “Doesn’t matter how often I mention Abbie to her, it just won’t stick. Doesn’t make sense.”
Fingertips touch the hair at his temple, brush over the shell of his ear. Dean kisses harder, opening his mouth. He licks his lips between one kiss and the next. A tentative touch of tongue splits him open at the seam, and Dean surrenders wholly to the sensation, sucking in a quick breath as Castiel’s tongue slides in against his.
Castiel has the door open, and has stepped partly back into the hall, when he hears: “We had a fight.”
Castiel looks up when the footsteps come into the kitchen, but it’s only Sam, looking damp and harried by what must have been his morning jog. He greets Castiel quickly, and then rushes through drinking a glass of water, punching buttons on the coffee maker with his thumb while the glass continues to drain.
“I’m not sure,” Jack answers, holding his hand up toward it. The creature mimics his motion, fanning out the gray digits of its right hand. “It seemed interested when I broke the token. It came up and started watching me.”
The TV clicks over in that moment, so abrupt that even Cas is taken aback. The reporters halt mid-thought, the air hanging dead for a solid three seconds. Then the heated discussion about the abductor slides away, the topic switching over to the regularly scheduled news program. The newscasters discuss the weekend weather forecast in chipper tones.
Sam doesn’t miss his shot. He plunges the angel blade into the crook of Azazel’s neck, pushing until the hilt rams flush to his chest. “Fuck you,” he hisses out, slamming the blade down harder. Twisting. His eyes turn to Chuck, radiating a frosty hate. “And fuck you too.”
“What?” Sam asks flatly, at the same time Dean says the same, but louder. Cas doesn’t react at all, save for a slightly more squinty squint.
It’s easy enough to do, once he gets into it. Dean might have been removed from the BEAU mailing lists, but Bart never revoked his access to the project’s directory in the cloud.
“So I’m in Hell,” Dean tells Cas that night on his contraband burner. “I’m in Hell, and I’m saying that as someone who has actually been to Hell.”
Cas had promised that it was fine for Dean to call him whenever, be it day or night. And Dean had taken him up on it a dozen or so times since, sharing funny memes as an excuse to strike up conversations with Cas outside of their usual regiment.
Dean blinks, tracing Raphael’s attention back to the framed photo on the corner of his desk, and smiles at the sight of Sam and Eileen grinning out at him from behind the brass and glass. But Dean knows the question is perfunctory, so he curbs his earnestness and answers simply, “Just fine, thank you for asking.”
“Great,” Dean grumbles, rubbing a hand over his face. He scrubs at the grit building in his eye. “Well, if you figure it out, you know where to find me. Us.”
“Please,” Dean panted again, but Cas’ pace remained frustratingly slow. He dragged his fingers through the mess Dean has made of himself, the touch reigniting the fire Dean felt inside.
And he learns how Dean died, on some run of the mill ghost hunt, a needle plunged to stop his heart inside his chest.
“Got six pies coming to you by eight tonight,” she tells him, cutting straight to business. “That enough time for you to get the main course in?”
Kurt senses the sarcasm, but he doesn’t let the subject settle. His grip tightens on his coffee, threatening the cracks in the porcelain. “I’m serious, Hank. Maybe it’s nothing, but sometimes a whole lot of nothing can add up to something. Don’t you see the strange things that happen around here?”
Dean arrives on the legacy floor smiling every morning, eager to greet Inias and Mir and Jo on his way to the coffee cubby. He jumps into his workload with excitement, knowing that he has scrums upcoming with Castiel, that phase two is chugging along, going more quickly than ever.
He breathed out harshly, figuring the subject was dropped. But Cas was still watching him in his subtle way, face soft, expression open. So Dean found himself digging out old memories that he had never told anyone, his nose tucked into the juncture of Cas’ shoulder, mouth moving directly into his skin.
“Sweat? Liquor?” Dean huffs, scrubbing his eyes. “Hate to break it to you, but being human is kinda gross—”
Once Dean has calmed enough to catch his breath, Castiel asks, “So, for your birthday. Did you end up choosing a cake or a pie?”
Cursing again, Dean pushes back his chair. “Leave it to me. I’ll find out what the fuck is going on.”
Castiel hums thoughtfully. His pen taps against the desk. “What kind of burden would this be placing on you and Miriam?”
Again, that spicy smell struck the air, and Dean felt his heat surge in answer, briefly overwhelming him. A warble entered his knees, buckling them. He felt the sudden urge to cross his legs.
Dean gives a rough rundown of what they know so far, all the while angling Cas over to the laptop. Cas sits down at the dinette and reviews the footage Dean pulls up, his chin perched on his palm, fingers brushing over his lips. He taps between the different cameras, observing the abductor from various angles.
Snorting, Dean smiles. “You got me beat there.” His expression turns serious. “Are you sure? Because I don’t mind coming back tomorrow—”
With a nod, an angel offside ushers Pamela and Ash outside the room, and Castiel’s interviews proceed with the entry of the next humans.
Castiel shrugs again. He fishes up the tail of his t-shirt, runs his fingers over the memorized positions of his scars. “It won’t keep me from the shower.”
“Lucky you,” Dean grumbles back. He keeps his thumbs jammed into the inner corners of his eyes, the pressure soothing against the ache in his forehead. When he chances a glance, he finds Cas seated on the park bench beside the flower garden, directly across the street from Dean.
An image of Castiel comes to mind, ready, seizing, zealous. His generous mouth, crooked in that small smile he tends to give Dean only in private. His shoulders spread beneath Dean’s hands, their strength coiling. Warm. His broad hands spread across the small of Dean’s back, digging in. Pulling. Squeezing.
Dean hangs up. He shuts his eyes and presses the cell briefly against his forehead, willing things to just be easy for once. The night breeze cuts into him, making him shiver. He returns to his room, shutting the curtains against the silver moon.
Cas shifts around, awkward. He meets Dean’s eye, then looks aside. His voice is low and raspy, unused. “Sam told me to meet him here.”
He bites into his burger, chews. Waits until Dean has resumed eating before he says, “You still haven’t told me about our fight.”
At the cusp of leaving Castiel's apartment, his arms laden with the box of daisies and what’s left of the unused and uneaten portions of the gift baskets, Dean gets pulled to a halt a moment before his full escape.
The Empty is supposed to be peaceful, isn’t it? Not like Hell, or even like Heaven. Dean hooks his thoughts into that distraction, trying to remember what Cas had said about it after his last resurrection. But his mind comes up frustratingly blank.
“Dessert?” Castiel motions to Dean’s empty plate, plucking it up. “There’s date squares, brownies, and pie,” he says as he turns his back, heading for the sink.
The week passes, then the next, and then suddenly Dean doesn’t have a choice: Castiel’s final day with the team has come.
All this effort might still be for nothing. They’re facing down God, after all. Who’s to say Chuck doesn’t just turn them into pink spray the second he grows bored of the fight.
“An hour,” Claire answers, her attention back on her laptop. “We’ve got maybe an hour left before Libby disappears too.”
As much as he hates to do it, Dean shuts his mouth. Head pounding, he fights to contain the cough crawling up his throat.
Hesitating, Castiel dries his hair a final time before climbing into the bed behind Dean. Dean breathes in sharply at the added weight coming behind him, but all he does is shuffle over, giving more space behind him on the bed.
His head drooped onto Cas’ shoulder without intending to, though the arm he wrapped around Cas’ waist was entirely a choice of his own making. Cas hummed with satisfaction when he swung open the door to Dean’s bedroom, his nostrils flaring as he spied the nest Dean made for them.
The queen runs a finger along the rim of her glass. “My cousin, Dijwar, has long disagreed with the legitimacy of my reign. Something about his mother being overlooked for mine.”
Dean’s heart coal flares wildly, before it gives out. That last flash of hurt before succumbing to the cool wash of grief.
Dean pats the secret pocket in his jacket. “Got a charger and an EMF reader sewn in the other side too.”
Dean climbs out from the car, the door slamming behind him. Somewhere at a distance, people are splashing and laughing in what he presumes is a lake nearby. His skin crawls just looking at the place. “I fucking hate camping.”
Dean drops his gaze through his lashes, batting his eyes for good measure. Novak flinches back so sharply, Dean would swear Novak thought he had some kind of contagious disease.
“One of the partners,” Castiel replies. “Our estranged brother, Luke.” His face grows impossibly more grave.
“Wh—no. No, I mean … okay. Yeah. Yeah.” Dean stood, rapidly slapping his hands against his thighs. He motioned for Castiel to move. “Just swing your legs up—yeah. And make room for ...”
“Hysteria and narcolepsy,” Cas confirms. “A dangerous combination. Let us know if your symptoms have changed as well.”
“Maybe. It’s just...” Castiel’s mouth narrows into a tempting pink line, and Dean has to remind himself to concentrate. “We needed overtime to fix it, and not just within the legacy team.” Sighing, his head falls back roughly into the cushions, tipped onto the back of the couch. His expression sours. “Products and implementation will want to know why an emergency work order was logged. I’ll probably be pulled in front of the board to explain what went wrong.”
Castiel steps closer to the pickup truck. He looks over the side steps, peeks in through the window to the cab. Frowning, he asks, “What is it?”
It’s too late to worry about that anymore. Dean shuts his blinds and returns to his laptop. His defect list isn’t going to close itself.
Dean pauses the TV, giving his attention over to Castiel. “Dude, you’re freaking me out,” he says, when Castiel is quiet for several moments more.
When it comes time, Dean is surprised to see that Zach has decided to join Raphael in his late arrival. The two of them exit the building decked out in dark suits and button-down shirts, expensive ties still knotted at their throats. Hell, even Bart made the effort to change into something more casual, though Zach and Raphael both carry designer satchels containing what Dean would guess is a change of clothes for each of them.
Cas smiled, small but sincere. Dean ducked his head, unable to embrace its warmth. He distracted himself by grabbing the duffel bag, fishing out a shower sleeve from it. Cas pulled it on, then openly stared as Dean began to undress.
Not one bone in his body wanted to come into work today. The only thing convincing him to do so is that he’ll get to see Castiel there.
The whole thing is too domestic for Dean’s liking, somehow seemingly normal despite the subject matter, and the situation being so bizarre. He ends up needing a breather and walks back to his baby. Dean lies down along the front seat, turns the key enough to play a cassette. He listens to Zeppelin with his eyes closed, breathing in familiar leather scents.
Cas shrugs, attention returning to the pamphlet. “Nothing. Only I hope you enjoy sleeping on the wet forest floor.”
“Cas?” Dean called quietly, hushed by the darkness in the room. His senses pricked on some unknown spice scenting the air, one that nudged the banked heat rolling in his gut, stoking its embers.
The weather has cleared by the morning, although the roads are still slick with excess rain. Castiel runs out for coffee from a convenience store two blocks south, dodging puddles. He comes back with a bag of oranges and beef jerky, and two cups steaming on a takeaway tray.
“Me. Ours!” Anael crosses to Dean’s side of the desk. She leans over his shoulder and points down at his screen. “Right there. Web services all but says that the BEAU work orders are our fault.”
