“Sleep,” he ordered. His command fell instantly on the omega. His hold on Tony’s waist went slack. Tony pulled the blankets over his omega, hiding his beauty from view. He left the guest’s bedroom. Fury followed behind him.
“Yes, sir."
A few hours later Steve was up again. Tony's deep rumbling purr nearly lulled him back to sleep, but hunger outweighed sleep. The alpha's hand rested protectively over his stomach. He quietly left the bed, pulling the blanket back over his mate. Steve picked up his sweatpants from the floor, putting them back on. He put on his shirt.
They slowly pulled apart. Steve filled his plate and took a seat next to Tony.
Tony shoved down the urged to growl. Steve has great legs long and strong. He loved the way they wrapped around his waist kept him close.
"Like?"
“Hi, Pepper. Where’s Tony?” he asked.
“Hamburger and diet coke,” said Tony.
“I want your blessing, Aunt Peggy. You’re the closest thing he has to a family,” said Tony.
“Blood,” he said.
They stood in front of a tall building, called the Porto Bay Rio Internacional. “This is our hotel?” said Steve.
Tony was yelling; and
“I don’t know why you insist on doing this the old fashion way. I got you kitchensmith for a reason,” said Tony.
“To tell you that your lesson has been canceled for the day."
Tony didn’t want to know how Steve would react if caught scent of a rival omega in heat near him.
"But we can’t go into this blind we need to know what to expect. We’ll look into only enough to ensure both your and our pup’s health,” said Tony.
“It’s not a competition.”
“Jarvis, block all calls that don’t have emergency status."
“Probably.”
“I’ve got you.”
“Hill.”
“Tough session. I didn’t think I could drive my bike safely, so Nat drove me back,” said Steve.
Steve took the reactor from the table.
*****
Silly how good it made her feel when he said that.
“Sorry to keep you waiting,” said Steve.
Lena was already out the door. Piper jumped out of bed. As soon as she touched the door a pulse of electricity surged through her. She wasn’t sure how long she stayed curled on the ground. Piper was wary of testing her new enclosure. She climbed back into bed. Piper fell back into the mattress.
Steve inhaled, really looking at his mate. Tony was at the same point, he hadn't seen until now, or he hadn't wanted to until now.
“Jarvis, how would Tony respond to having a dog?”
Tony’s hand moved over his stomach. Steve smiled, his fears melting away. His alpha accepted their child. HIs child would have a family. He'd have a family.
He took the alpha’s hand.
They made to a S.H.I.E.L.D airstrip. A jet was parked. Clint came out. “Cap, you okay with coming along?”
“Pierce, sir.”
“Unknown,” said Winter.
"They need to be retrieved so we can have a better understanding of Steve's condition," said Bruce.
Hill pulled up on her iPad. Her eyes widen at the result. “Director.”
“Forty-six,” she said.
"Get some sleep," said Tony.
How could he explain this to her in a way she'd understand? “The mind isn't something that can be mended. You can't erase the experiences that cause it without erasing part of the mind itself.”
“Told you I'd be fine."
“So what are we having?” asked Steve.
"Could we take a raincheck on the drink?" he asked.
“Banner?”
“I wish I knew the answer to that one, buddy. What if we go to Play Mart?”
“Thank you.”
“Sir, we’ll lose power before we penetrate that shell,” said Jarvis.
“You and him both have no understanding of the concept of freewill or little chance to experience it without bad consequences.”
“What happened the last few days?” asked Rhodes. Steve twitched. The omega was far easier to read than Tony. "You can tell me. Trust me, I've found him passed out drunk so many times I've lost count. I know how frightening it can be."
“Joseph Becker, you will address me as Sir.”
“How did you get it to return before Stark’s tech?” asked Clint.
“I love you that hasn’t changed. That will never change," he said.
“By some miracle, I got it. I couldn’t accept not when so many were giving their lives,” said Steve.
“Missed you too,” squealed Piper.
Tony watched as Steve went straight to the master bedroom. He grabbed their bags from the trunk, taking them into the bedroom. Steve was already working on his nest, paying him no attention.
"I love you," said Steve.
Pepper took a breath. They’ve had this fight a hundred times. It always ended with the same frustration. Neither of them giving any ground. But it lost most of its previous venom. Pepper hadn't come here to fight. She came here to figure out how best to handle the current predicament. The omega in question would have to sign an NDA. The sum of money in exchange for silence would vary depending on how intelligent this one was.
By the time they finished he'd worked up a good sweat. When they went to check on Piper she was tackling a Curious George stuffed animal.
The alpha was dressed in a light blue pinstriped suit jacket, white shirt and blue tie, black pants, and gray-blue sneakers. The soft colors made the alpha look more approachable.
Had he adapted to pain? Even looking at him hurt. She winced when his cuts started oozing. He began rifling through the drawers. His actions were automatic, unthinking.
Pepper was stopped by the police.
Suddenly, Tony yanked himself away from Steve. Piper's faded scent clung to Steve. The sharp agonizing pain shredding through his heart almost made him believe there was shrapnel still caught within his chest. He took a deep straining breath.
“Any idea how long this take?” asked Tony.
Natasha and Clint wheeled Steve into the S.H.I.E.L.D. hospital. Nurses buzzed around them pushing them back, before wheeling Steve away. Natasha tried following after, only to be blocked by a pair of brave nurses.
"I wonder if he'll even come," he said.
“Would you prefer voluntary seclusion? Is your upcoming heat part of your reasoning for this behavior?” asked Barny.
He remembered what Steve asked of him. There were other things to take into consideration. Happy was family, but he had Steve and their pup to consider. Even if he couldn't help directly, he would make sure Happy had justice. He pushed through the crowd to his car. All he wanted was to go home. Maybe a visit to Aunt Peggy wouldn't be so bad. The fresh air would do them good. Clear his head. Lay low until the baby was born. He grabbed the car handle.
“That’s perfect.”
Steve sat next to him, handing him the mug. Tony breathed in rich smell, already feeling more awake.
Steve sighed as Tony’s hands wandered over his skin. Their gentle touches became intimate. Gasping as Tony’s fingers pushed into him. Steve instantly pressed against the digits, trying to take them deeper. He whined as they stretched him open.
“What was that ruckus about?”
Tony stared processing the image planted in his mind. Why did Steve choose to fulfill this fantasy now?
“It’s getting better,” said Steve.
“We can’t have that." Killian muzzled the unruly omega. “Get them ready for transport."
Rhodes gagged. "You had to plant that idea."
"Sure, what do you want to watch?" asked Tony.
“He’s fine going to pop any day now.”
“What’s the name?” asked Steve.
“Sir, Agent Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D. is on the line,” said Jarvis.
Lena was intelligent. Was she smart enough to cure her?
“Tony.”
The smell of waffle lured Steve out of bed.  His stomach growled. The pup kicked against him, urging him to move faster. He purred to his child, gently running circles over his stomach.
She just smiled up at him.
“When did you start eating this much? If it weren’t for Pepper and me, you would starve,” said Happy.
“NO!”
“There was no mention of Hydra,” he said.
“Yeah?”
"Steve, it's me. I've got a lot of apologies to make but not a lot of time. First off, I'm so sorry I put you in harm's way. That was selfish and stupid of me, and it won't happen again. Also, it’s close to Christmas time, and for the first time, I had a family to celebrate it with again and managed to mess that up, sorry. And I'm sorry in advance because I can't come home yet. I need to find this guy. You gotta stay safe, that’s all I know. I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian. And I love you.”
“Yes.”
Her skin was covered in ash, glowing as it tried to repair. He pulled the gas tube.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
Tony pulled the pen from the wall.
“Just because there’s a faster option is available doesn’t always mean its best. My way may be old fashioned, but there’s something to be said for its results. Some things don’t need improvements,” said Peggy.
“Natasha."
“I never thought he’d be the fatherly type, but he changed. Why?” asked Steve.
"What do you want to watch, Little Miss?" asked Jarvis.
“Hey, Nat,” he said. Tony wasn’t playing fair. He bit his lip trying to keep his breathing calm as a hand traveled under his shirt.
They took a breath collecting themselves. Neither was truly upset with the other. It was anger at the situation. Even now that they had their daughter, it felt as if they were limited in their action.
“Flip the screen so I can see what they’re doing.”
Tony went to put on his shirt. Steve grabbed it before he could. “Don’t skin to skin contact helps."
“It’s okay, sugar lump,” said Tony.
Tony’s knot expanded, locking them together. The sensation triggered another orgasm. Through the waves of pleasure, he vaguely sensed Tony’s seed flooding into him. Tony moved them, so they were resting on their sides. Those strong arms wrapped around him, keeping close. Purring as Tony licked his neck, he pressed further against him, not wanting to risk losing the security he found in the contact.
"They make everything else they touch in the salad taste like cantaloupe," said Steve.
"Papa play?"
“You don’t know,” said Piper. She wouldn’t be able to gather any more intel from Winter about it. If there were an attack on the base, things wouldn’t be this calm.
"They were obviously valuable to him." Steve turned a page. "I wish I had something like this. I don't have any family photos."
“Sorry.” He was trying to be less dependent on his mate. Steve wanted to be stronger. Tony needed him.
They settled at the kitchen island. Steve was quick to snag an everything bagel and smother it in cream cheese.
‘I’m Still Standing’ was playing in the background. Steve hummed along with the song. Soon he started singing.
“Show me.” He looked at the screen. His eyes widened at the assigned user name ‘Pipes’. He touched the screen in disbelief.
“I more than make up for it in other areas,” said Tony, kissing a trail down his neck.
“What about your presents?” asked Steve.
“Shit!” growled Joseph.
“Did you have a bad dream?”
He walked in. Steve allowed him to get a better look at the painting. The background wasn’t finished, but it held the same dark and cool tones that followed most of Steve’s paintings. Unlike so many of the other paintings, this one had two human figures. They weren't fully detailed but one had a red face.
"Pipes, come on, it's us."
“Understatement of the year!” he growled.
“I’m not sure if it’s real,” said Piper.
“What did they say they get you off them?”
With all his time on stage, Steve was used to putting on a fake smile. He could get through this. Some of the questions proved harder than expected. They were of ethics, public knowledge, and what the world should expect after this. These were mixed easier, softer questions about their romance. That’s what half the audience was here to see. Steve kept up appearances. He felt every second of those two hours. Finally, it was over. As soon as their dressing room shut, Steve hurled into a trashcan.
“Thanks,” said Steve. He gazed out the large kitchen window. It was a beautiful day.
“Don’t lie to me, Piper.”
“She’ll still be here when you return.”
"Spend time with each. Affectionate physical contact. Strengthening bonds with one's mate lessens the strain on the heart in situations like this."
Helmut was asleep at the table. In his hand was a bouquet of yellow tulips, her favorite. She gently woke her sleeping husband. His intense brown eyes opened and he hauled her into a kiss.
“Just find the cube,” he before leaving the room.
“In the kitchen, sir,” said Jarvis.
“Have you guys seen Tony and Piper?”
Through all that time, she'd remained devoted to their friendship, no matter how hard he pushed her physically and mentally when they trained. How she managed to do that was beyond him. He wasn't the most personable alpha.
“Survivors’ Guilt and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. That's only scratching the surface. There are deeper underlying issues that need to be addressed. Director, you’re expecting too much too soon. Be patient,” said Barny.
Steve twitched uncomfortably.
“If we stand any chance of getting out of here. I need to have some idea of where we are.”
Tony moved next to him placing his hand on Steve's stomach. He smiled when he felt the gentle thump.
He kept moving, stopping before he reached the courtyard. Two men stood by the fountain. He took the Christmas ornament from his belt and tossed it toward them. It exploded one of the guard's hand, knocking him back. The other came charging in his direction, drawing his gun. Tony took him out with a nail gun. He pushed the man into the fountain, dropping an ornament into the water to finish him off.
He redid it.
He wasn't giving in. It would be wrong to go back. Tony went too far.
“I thought you went to play,” said Steve.
"Sorry." He pushed nose to Tony's neck, picking up on the worried tones in the alpha's scent. “Where are we?”
"Had to go to Queens to escape the pauperize. Something odd happened at the store," said Tony.
“I was so close. How could I let him slip through my fingers?”
"Are you sure it's alright if I stay. I wouldn't want to upset your boyfriend," said Steve.
The week passed by in a quiet manner he saw little Bruce and Edith. He only saw Tony when he got up in the morning. At times he missed his alpha but Tony was working on finding ways to help their pup, so he couldn't be angry. His regularly scheduled nap was disrupted by Tony nudging him awake.
She rolled her eyes. Clint seemed to think she was some helpless little omega. She was more at ease in the current setting than stuck in an office at S.H.I.E.L.D. In danger, she was safe. The bell rang and the two alphas charged at each, locking into battle.
Steve wasn’t eager to dive into conversation. If he did say what was going on his mind the night terrors or memories of the war that would flash before his mind even when he was awake, they would say he was crazy. He wasn’t insane. It was taking him some time to adjust. That’s all.
They took the rings.
"Steve."
It best to distance Pierce from this as much as possible. He couldn’t help but be proud of the progress the boy made since he first started the young alpha’s training.
“How much longer?”
“Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean while looking for you,” said Fury.
"At least I know where I stand with him. There are no mind games that leave me questioning what I should be doing. Or make me question my skills. He just has a lot of high expectations."
The next one was a more familiar style, which Steve instantly recognized as a Harley. The bike next to it really took Steve’s attention. It was painted a deep blue with brown leather seating and saddlebag. He got in the seat it was perfect.
“Late.” Anything after five in the morning was late to him.
"I'm sorry, kid. Are you okay?"
He transmitted his camera feed to jet.
He managed to turn his head to the side. Pepper was strapped upright into a stretcher. His pup kicked against his rib, urging him to get up.
“Don’t sneak up on me,” he said.
She squirmed uncomfortably in his hold.
"You look just like the man on those old war posters."
The omega cried out in pleasure before going limp against Tony. Steve’s heavy breath touched his ear. Tony was still going through aftershocks of his orgasm. He ran his hands down Steve’s back. Tony licked the blood from Steve’s neck.
Piper started wailing when Tony was wheeled away. She struggled in Steve’s arms.
"Don't shoot her, you idiot!"
“And how much have you drank?”
"A drill, maybe?" said Rune.
“Pepper and Maria want to talk with you. They have a few questions, and so do I,” said Steve.
“So you’ll call then, Kevin?” Jeff asked archly.
“I’m sorry for what happened to that poor girl. But as I’ve said before, I had nothing to do with it,” she said.
"I don't have much of a taste for it. The only time I've ever had wine during communion," said Steve.
“Why does everyone ignore me?”
Steve didn’t know how to feel about that. They walked through a seemingly endless field of gravestones. Until they reached the grave they were looking for. Steve kneeled by it placing the wreath by the base. He brushed away the snow.
That was the first time Winter had ever called her something. He'd talked
For the surgeon's sake, he hoped so. He'd hate to be the subject of Captain America's vendetta. But he may be feeling some of that wrath later today.
“She’s currently in custody.”
“What’s first?” asked Steve.
“Alright, I think we got this send them all.”
“It was him. It was him,” repeated Steve.
“Maybe.” The pup sniffled, her eyes watering. “Not afraid of you, though,” he tried to clarify.
That wasn't home anymore. Home was somewhere else with someone. With Tony. He snarled at himself for even thinking of the alpha. But how could he not? How could not focus on the source of his pain? He stepped back. Brooklyn would be the first place Tony looked for him. That's if he even bothered looking for him. His heart throbbed at the thought of the alpha.
“What? Alright.” She lifted with him. Together they managed to lift it a few feet. It caused the rubble to dislodge further. A pipe cut into Steve's side. He dropped the weight.
“You missed your last two appointments," he said.
“Don’t fly back if you’re drunk,” said Steve.
"If this were some kind of test or systems check, it would have been completed by now. If it were an incoming attacker, things would be more chaotic. So, I think they're getting this place ready for someone. Someone important. Likely more important than Lena."
He walked to the living room window, glaring down at the mass of people gathered outside. Their intentions were good, but he did not want them here. Instead of wasting their time here, they could be keeping an eye out for Piper. He was so tired of having to keep up the show for them. He and Tony had to keep dragging themselves to the police station to discuss leads that they knew would likely go nowhere. It was expected of them. Steve couldn’t stop himself from going in person if there was the promise of something that may lead to Piper. Even though he knew it was a useless effort.
"We aren't ready."
“Steve, wake up,” said Tony.
He sighed.
“Is this a submarine?” asked Steve.
"Love you too, Tony."
Tony smiled.
“And the grandkids?” asked Tony.
“Hmm?”
“It’s a miracle the press didn’t get a hold of this,” she said.
“You aren’t losing me anytime soon. I think that’s why aspects of the serum were transferred to me,” said Tony.
“I have unfinished business with Loki,” said Thor.
“How long did it take you to get those?” she asked.
“I am not in mourning! WINTER IS ALIVE!”
Tony was caught off guard. It wasn’t often someone was able to do that. When omegas or alphas went into such feral state words beyond alpha or omega were exceptionally difficult. He took off his helmet. Steve calmed greatly at the site of his face. His posture relaxed.
“Just trying to keep them off the streets,” said Tony as blast went by his head.
Steve's brows furrowed as he worked through his labor pains. Tony got into the bed with his mate, moving behind him so Steve could brace against him. He massaged Steve's lower back trying to relieve the ache. The omega collapsed against him in a temporary state of relaxation.
Tony was signing for a large crate.
Winter tensed. The alarm system had been activated. Heavy locks suddenly sealed his enclosure. Bars slammed down on the windows. From the window of his enclosure, he saw her. Her eyes were aglow. This was her attempt to escape and she was wasting time trying to free him. She easily ripped off the titanium reinforcements.
"If he makes you happy it doesn't matter why."
“I know, but eat while it’s warm. It won’t get any better cold.”
“You’re not getting this back,”
“You are,” said Tony, pulling away from Steve's touch. He was undeserving of it.
Natasha perked up from her post by the window when a taxi pulled up in front of the house. Out came Lena Zemo with a small duffle bag. This was Nat’s first time seeing the woman in person. She looked tired. Oddly, she also looked slightly disappointed to be home. If she were trapped studying penguins for months at a time she should be relieved to be home.
The lights flickered on. He grabbed one of the punching bags leaning against the wall, and hung it up. Steve set an alarm on his phone for an hour and tucked it into his back pocket. Tonight was the night. A good work out would help him be more relaxed when the moment came. As he focused on the task, his mind began to wander. Memories of the war came flooding forward and Steve tried working through it. But his mind wouldn’t let go, as if it was trying to remind him how unworthy he was of growing life within him. With a final hit, the punching bag shot across the room.
“Jarvis.”
“No, sir."
"I would like to take a small sample of it to study with your consent," said Bruce.
She had leverage that ensured her freedom. She was the only person who knew Piper’s activation codes. Even if she somehow landed in front of the Avengers, those codes provided her the same collection. She had the power to destroy the beloved daughter of two of the most powerful avengers. Her shield was invulnerable.
"Take it from an alpha. We find it flattering as hell when your chosen omega defends you," said Clint.
“Amazing.”
“How about who made his arm?”
Steve watched as Tony made a dirty martini. He yawned and settled down in the corner of the couch. Steve nuzzled into the fabric. He found a soft blanket, using it to hide his bare chest, much the alpha’s apparent dislike. His eyes started closing.
*****
“I’m not in the mood,” said Steve.
“Good morning.”
The alpha slowly blinked awake.
“Many of our men are off or on assignment. Why not use you while you’re here?” said Fleur.
“Could I stay here? If it isn't too much trouble,” said Steve.
“What if we’re separated?”
“You’ll have to tell me what I did to make you fall in love with me,” he whispered.
Fury scowled. She wasn’t going to drop that anytime soon.
“Piper, is fine. She only needed some proper discipline.”
Winter couldn't say no to those big blue puppy dog eyes. “Fine. But why bring him? More will only slow you down.”
"And you're giving her too much! You didn't see her when I found her. She was so broken."
“You seem older.”
“How-
He looked into those gentle chocolate eyes. They were still as sharp as they were the first time he met her.
“How would she know that? I don’t show that part of myself to her.”
“Oh my,” she said. Her hands were shaking.
"Agent Coulson."
“I could have hurt you and the baby!”
Barbara Stanwyck – born July 16, 1907, in Brooklyn New York. She was an actress, model, and dancer. Barbara was a film and television star known during her sixty-year career as a professional with a realistic screen presence.
“About?”
“You’re pregnant,” said Fury.
"Winter, don't go," she whispered. He kissed her, gently, on the head before laying her down.
“I keep replaying the fight,” Steve replied.
“Were? You shouldn’t be talking in the past tense. I'm still exceptionally cute,” said Tony.
“Did I wake you?”
“Sounds perfect,” said Steve.
"That's wonderful. May I ask who?"
“Sir, will be back in an hour,” said Jarvis.
“It's ready. Hope you like it,” he said.
“Love you too."
Tony fell back in the bed. He was running on a completely different time zone. Steve pulled a blanket over the sleeping alpha. There was a small temptation to join him, but he'd spent enough time in bed. There was a knock on the door. He was quick to answer it, not wanting it to bother Tony who was now sleeping.
“He’s moving in,” said Tony.
“They are small; they don’t have the resources to take care of this,” said Clint.
Beta read by AbsolutShenanigans
"No, I can't, Piper. I know when you're hurting, so does Papa even if you try to hide it. Hiding what you're feeling will only makes it worse. Me and Papa have a lot of experience with that. Holding it in never works, Piper. You can tell us what's going on in your head. We won't judge."
It was pouring outside. Happy was waiting outside with the headlights on. When they reached the car, they were soaked. Steve shivered. Tony took off his jacket, wrapping around his shoulders. He smirked when Steve scented it. Tony wanted to kiss those soft pink lips against his. This wasn’t the place. He wanted privacy. The dividing window between them and Happy wasn't enough. Happy pulled into the garage. He grabbed Steve’s hand, dragging him into the elevator.
He paused briefly, acknowledging her with a curt nod.
Steve nodded. He took another test from the box and shut the door of his bathroom. Several minutes passed but he hadn't come out.
It had taken him too long to string the six-word sentence. Smith laughed.
“You’ll find I’m a much more merciful teacher compared to Winter.”
He closed the door behind her. Happy placed the case in the front seat with him. He didn’t get why Tony thought this woman was a danger. She was a good-looking gentle-faced omega. Edith didn't have the element of danger that Natasha carried with pride.
Tony smiled. Steve sunk into the water hot water. Tony got in behind him. The tension left him. His nausea faded as the smell of distress washed away. He purred as Tony groomed him. When clean, he got out of the tub—Steve towel-dried his hair.
“Nothing”, said Steve.
“Agent Romanoff, could you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory please?” said Fury.
Clint kicked off his boots and got in the bed. "Did you ever think you see it?"
"No, she needs her space. We didn't share a room, anyway, while… there."
“I apologize I thought you’d be taking your mate’s name. Isn’t that custom here?” he asked.
“It went better than I thought,” said Fury with a slight smirk.
Steve got up and went into their bedroom, looking back when the alpha didn’t follow.
Steve changed. Then he met Clint at the entrance. Steve clutched the seat as Clint drove.
“One of the engineers at S.H.I.E.L.D could do that,” he said.
“I’m the same as my actions,” she said.
Steve sighed. He owed the man that much.
“I’m not at liberty to reveal details of my mission.”
Maybe that was the best solution, isolation. But she didn't think she could find relief in being alone. Her parents wouldn't allow it, anyway. Though, it might be the only option if she didn't learn how to control her power. She doubted love was the answer to destructive energy like hers.
So, Winter ate her share. She started crying again. The pup should have eaten when he offered.
As soon as she entered, the door locked behind her. He hurried over to her. Her eyes were red a puffy from crying. Her hands were covered in welts and striped with dark bruises.
“There,” she said backing away.
She pulled him away from the men.
"It was." Steve took a breath. "It's been some time since I've felt that level of fear."
“You can,” said Steve.
“Why? They’re mine, so they’re perfect,” said Tony.
*****
“Natasha has found Piper’s location.”
The tears slowed to both their relief. Steve trusted that Tony would only use such commands when absolutely necessary or when he requested it.
He watched the girl work through the task, trying to piece things together, unable to stop his mind from wandering. How long would he be allowed to teach her? She learned so quickly. How many years would it take for him to teach her all he knew? Once he was done teaching her, he'd have no further purpose in her life. They’d want her to master the skills only female operatives perform. He couldn't teach her those, nor did he want to. Winter didn't want anyone to. She should stay the way she was. He had never mastered the art of seduction. That delicate tool was beyond his capabilities.
Tony fell asleep with his daughter in his arms.
“Stop doing that!”
“Yes.”
“What was that?” she asked with a tremor in her voice.
“When are you planning on telling him?” asked Natasha.
“What about the arm?” asked Rhodes.
“Fine."
“She seems to have a better connection with you," said Steve. In the pit of his stomach, he was jealous. Piper and Tony shared a special connection built over their advanced intelligence and had always been extremely close. They communicated on levels which proved difficult for him. He could study every day for the rest of his life and not be able to understand complex engineering puzzles that seemed to delight them as easily knock-knock jokes or peekaboo amused other, less gifted children.
Daddy and Papa kissed her on the forehead before leaving.
Rhodes got a bagel for going back to the room. Steve stood frozen in front of the window with Piper asleep in his arms. The only time he’d break from stance was to tend to Piper. He wouldn't be able to get through to him, but he could offer the comfort of his presence. Steve kept waiting for his bond to break with Tony, but it remained steady. It was late when Tony was brought into the room. His chest was wrapped in bandages. Steve handed Piper off to Rhodes, rushing to his mate’s side. Dr. Wu stood proudly by Tony’s bedside.
"I'll be there shortly." She hung up.
“Yes, sir.”
"You should have broken me from it, Tony. I hate being like that."
“I do trust you!”
“We’ll be right down,” said Steve.
“They won’t,” said Piper.
It didn’t provide any defensive or offensive advantages. Maybe it was strategic? Winter looked a question at her, but the pup was already asleep. He took a seat by the bed, watching over her.
“How was your flight?” asked Steve.
“S.H.I.E.L.D can handle this. You know how he’ll react if he finds out,” said Natasha.
He straightened to his full height. Steve was taken and he wasn’t sharing.
“Are you okay?” asked Steve.
“Focus Tony.”
“What will you do when you find her?”
She handed him a vial of blood.
"Doesn't feel like it. It feels like I'm taking the same path all over again."
“I haven’t had a Christmas tree in years,” said Tony. Actually, it was more decades at this point. He hadn’t bother with decorations let alone a tree during this time of year. His mom did all the decorations. She was the only reason he celebrated Christmas.
“Was you being feral a glitch?” asked Piper.
She shook her head. Tony sighed. Getting close to what was hurting her wasn't going to be easy. Still, he felt as if he'd earned some footing with her.
Hill ran to them, tightly embracing Pepper.
"I don't want her to know. What if it changes how she sees me?"
Love was unknown to him. He assumed it was something close to what he felt when he was with Piper. No grown-up ever protected him like this woman had. Could she be his parent?
“I just did,” said Jarvis.
"Piper, you're a child to me and Papa. You’ll always be
“I want you to take another test, Steve. There’s a slim chance of it being a false positive, but I want to be sure,” she said.
“It appears you’re having a panic attack. Do you want me to put, sir on?” asked Jarvis.
"I was civil."
"Do you have any history of miscarriage?"
“You didn’t have to get me anything. A painting?” she asked.
“Why I’m not wrong?”
“You aren’t, Steve. She’s a confused little girl who’s suffered a great deal of trauma. Her brave front is only a mask. It will crumble, and when it does, you and Tony will be there to pick up the pieces,” said Barny.
Tony took a breath. There were no impurities in Steve’s scent. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Steve. The reason why it feels so much more intense is that you’re with an alpha you trust, me. There are no emotional restraints, slowing it down."
"That's what a child leash is for,"
Steve left the bathroom to dress. There was a problem, like everything else the room his clothes stunk of sex. The scent clouded his mind. He put on a pair of gym shorts. Steve went kitchen, taking a deep breath of the clear air. It calmed his nerves. Jarvis already brewed a fresh pot of coffee. Steve poured a mug. He was tempted to cook breakfast, but the tech in Tony’s kitchen was beyond him. Tony came into the kitchen wearing dark red boxer briefs that hugged him perfectly. When he realized he was staring, he turned away.
“Tonight,” she said as they left the debriefing room.
"Now which one of you, Vanessa?"
“You’re dodging the question," said Rhodes.
Steve and Tony were both in his lab.
He wanted an honest answer. The slightest appearance of weakness could give away so much. She aimed a confused expression in his direction.
"That's all need from you, Steve. Thank you," he said.
“I don’t like it,” he said.
“It’s nothing her foot is lodged in my rib.” He stretched trying getting her to move it. Nope, she wasn’t going to move it anytime soon.
Tony quietly walked into the bathroom. Steve was groggy but awake. The omega stared up at him from the floor, shirtless. There was an empty glass next to him. Tony took it from the floor, refilling it for him.
"It wouldn't hurt," said Tony.
“I understand,” he said. Understanding didn’t make him like it. There were three beautiful bikes in the garage.
“The rest of you morons secure the scene. Hill, you're with me,” he said.
“Sir it is charging, but the power source is questionable. It may not succeed in revitalizing the Mark 42.”
“Like Christmas but with more me!” Tony exclaimed. He smiled when Steve's soft laugh came over the line.
He picked up on Steve's worry.
“Your tone. It’s like a parent when they are sad.”
“I have to go to Tokyo,” said Tony.
“Did I do well?”
“Sorry," said Steve quickly.
"You are to take him anywhere you want. And respond to him the say way you would to me," said Tony.
“My scent?” said Steve.
"So it’s been awhile."
“It will fade in a few days,” said Natasha.
Steve laughed. It so rare that he left Natasha speechless. She seemed to have a response for everything.
“Steve I-
"I'm fine."
Steve let himself in. She performed a routine examination. Checking his heart, lungs, and blood pressure. It was a waste of both their time. His health was always perfect.
“What time is it?”
“Figure it out.”
If wearing a collar allowed the pup to sleep it was worth it. Winter just looked at Lena.
Steve was silent.
Steve raised his head from the shelter of Thor’s chest. “TONY!”
Piper woke up again, surprised that a comforting honey vanilla scent permeated the room. It was difficult to open her eyes, she was tucked so snuggly into bed. Piper got up, hurrying to the bathroom. She stopped to stare at her reflection. It had been so long since she'd seen it. At least, with short hair, there wasn't much fuss in taking care of it. Daddy wouldn't have to braid it. One less thing she'd needed from them. She sighed, taking a step away.
“Looks like his combat skills are up to par,” said Natasha.
"What?" Coming to his sense, when Steve's scent lacked that sugared undertone.
“Knowing he was okay.”
Steve slowly came out of the haze. His head rested on Tony’s lap and his arms were wrapped his waist. He was mentally and physically exhausted. The alpha’s fingers were still running through his hair. He was concentrating on a project. Steve loosened his grip.
Piper started nodding off. The room was cool, but it was quiet. Lena was humming something. That was Papa’s song. She fell asleep in seconds to the tune.
*****
Winter didn’t react. But the thought was enough to cause a spike in his heart rate.
*****
“Jarvis, why did you bring me here!”
“Could be worse,” said Steve.
They force their way through the crowd, and toward the hotel. Tony unlocked the door to their room. Steve sat on the bed.
Steve led her to the medical office Tony had set up.
He ruffled her hair, earning an annoyed huff. “You’re too good.”
“But I could have.”
“Parrots, it is.”
He was supposed to have four days until it hit fully. It should have slowed with the separation. Had talking with Tony been enough to cause him to hit it early? They couldn’t get back to New York soon enough.
“Scanning."
“I’ll be back, my sweet omega.”
Steve braced against him. Tony lowered Steve into the tub. The omega purred loudly as the jets worked into his muscles. Tony sat on the edge of the tub running his fingers through Steve’s hair. He washed the omega’s hair, causing Steve to sink further into the water. The omega tilted his head back for him to rinse out the shampoo.
He pulled his hands away. The last thing he ever wanted to do was scare her. His emotions had gotten out of hand, lately, and he let his nerves get the best of him.
“I need to change you.”
He unwrapped his hands, taking the muffin.
"Would you leave the door open a crack?”
“Come in,” he said.
“That’s what I thought." He stormed out of the room, armor wrapping around as he moved.
“Hunter Smith,” said Natasha.
He shook his head. She shouldn’t be calm. But he was sure if he moved her behind him again, she would only move in front of him again. There was a threat in their midst. Piper took his hand. He held it firmly. A wordless compromise. If there was a threat he could easily pull her close again.
“Steve, sweetheart, can you put me down?” asked Tony.
Winter heard the pup pleading for his life. He never thought he’d have someone care enough to plead for him. Her tearful blue eyes were focused on him. He didn’t want her to see this.
“I’m sorry.”
Steve slowly came out of the feral state. He stood in Tony’s lab with his arms tightly around the alpha. His rival’s scent was gone from his alpha. He did it again. Tony wasn’t his alpha. Steve realized he was still holding the inventor close.
"She was, then went back to school," said Bruce.
"Sir, Ms. Romanoff has arrived."
“Who was that?” asked Tony.
"Can we watch something else?" asked Steve.
"Why do I need this?"
“Steve, wake up!”  The omega remained trapped in a fearful state. He couldn't reach him. Steve's growing distress agitated his inner alpha, urging it to protect and defeat whatever threatened his omega. It was tearing through every mental wall of restraint he'd built over the years.
Steve calmed himself down as he twisted through the halls of S.H.I.E.L.D. with Edith. Too nervous to make eye contact with passersby, afraid they may somehow discover his secret if they looked him in the eye. Only relaxing when he reached the safety of Edith's office.
Tony flinched. The image of his suffering mate sped before his mind. His heart gave a painful throb. Thinking of the pain it was causing Steve and their daughter was overwhelming. He clutched the seat in front of him, fighting the anger feral alpha.
Steve smiled. He’d been waiting to call Tony, not wanting to seem too eager. Steve stepped back from his painting. It was a three by four feet canvas. The style was different from the gentle touch of his watercolor pieces. The thick brushstrokes leaked aggressive emotions that he was unable to voice. The image was one of the memories that replayed in his sleep. Its sky was painted with heavy black and grays, with explosions orange and white artillery fire. A silver plane could be seen amongst the fray, near it was a small parachute. The foreground was an agitated mix of black and red. Why he painted it, he didn't fully understand. Barny thought this was a healthy therapeutic way for him to work through his PTSD.
Tony kissed him before leaving. Steve soaked for a few more minutes before getting out. He wrapped a towel around his waist. Steve scratched at his face. He needed to shave. He dropped the razor, bracing himself against the counter as a sudden wave of dizziness hit him. It passed a few seconds later. He thought little of it. Clean, freshly shaven, and teeth brushed he felt far more human. He settled in the kitchen.
Steve clearly didn’t seem to understand. The two bots appeared.
"All matters Steve is that it feels right to you," said Natasha.
“Which one?” asked Rune.
“Everybody needs a hobby,” he said.
"Yes, sir."
“The pup is healthy and he’s recovering,” said Tony.
"She knows that my patients enjoy them. It's her way of helping," said Barny.
"Come on, I need to show you something," said Stark.
“Then use them better.”
Fear turned uncomfortable in Rune's stomach, knowing that woman was still out there.
“Are you sure?”
He about to retire when his phone rang at this hour it could be nothing good. Bracing himself before answering, groaning when he saw Fury’s number.
Tony got him a glass of water. He took a few sips before losing interest.
His unborn pup was healthy. He didn't need them to tell him that. What he needed was to know his husband was alive. That's all that mattered. She'd survived worse than this. She kicked reassuringly against his hand. He growled when the paramedics tried coming near him again. Flashing his teeth was enough to send them running. Steve sighed. He traced his claim mark. It tingled under the touch. At his feet was an ironman helmet. He struggled to reach it.
“It’s a surprise.”
“Well, we had a lot to catch up on,” said Steve.
His hands kept shaking. He opened a drawer in his desk, taking out a bottle of scotch. Tony poured himself a glass returned it to the drawer. He quickly downed. His hands steadied.
“Is that what just happened?” said Steve.
“What did Jarvis mean by again?” asked Nat.
"Her heartbeat is strong. I don't see any external damage. I'll have to take some samples," she said.
Tony shook his head.
“Is someone there?”
*****
Tony placed a plate in front of him.
“Who knows you may take one of the most eligible alphas of the market permanently,” said Natasha.
“Five days.”
Rune crawled out of the tube, understanding that she needed space. Her parents were waiting for her.
“They’re hanging in my kitchen now,” said Tony.
“Be good, Piper,” said Tony.
“Rummy, Spit, or Durak,” said Piper.
"We haven't formally met. I'm Alrich KillianAlrich.”
“Can you show me?”
“Open mine first,” said Natasha.
“I don’t want to distract you.”
“Your parents told me his name was Winter.”
Steve checked Piper's diaper before buckling her into the car seat. In her hand was the platypus lovey Peggy made for her. Steve got into the backseat with her. Piper’s eyes widen when the car started. Tony had the Beatles playing on a low volume. Twenty minutes into the drive Piper was out.
"I'm serious, Tony. I care more about you coming home safe than a midnight kiss."
“Hello, Captain Rogers its an honor to meet you. If you need anything, please don’t hesitate to ask,” said a disembodied English accented voice.
“Sleep.”
“We don’t, Piper. You can even keep working as long; it’s not something that needs your dad’s supervision,” he said.
“You are easy to speak to, Cap,” said Thor.
“No, I don’t think so,” Piper said quietly, at a loss. “What should I call you?”
couldn't even trust himself not to do that! She was safer with them.
“You’re taking the whole alien thing well,” said Edith.
“What if he killed her?”
“Pup.”
“Please don’t ask if I’m okay.”
"Are there others like us?" she asked.
The room was in a state of destruction. The lights had been knocked out. Winter lurked in the corner ready pounce.
Her mind had dulled, she was aware.
Steve snarled. “Could you two give us a moment?”
Piper sighed. She wanted to be a kid too, but she also wanted to be respected for her intelligence. Older people were given more respect and taken more seriously than a three-year-old. The Stark name earned her a certain edge.
“How is she?” asked Tony.
Tony turned on the news.
"You've finally given me an excuse to replace that dinosaur of a phone," said Tony.
"Damn it!" growled Steve.
“Thank you,” he whispered.
Natasha went to Fury’s office. Today one was of times he was ever there.
“You have no idea what to do with it, do you?” Piper giggled. "You're such an old man."
"What do you have in mind?" Normally, Clint would have been insulted by the notion of his bow not being good enough. He had eliminated plenty of people with it just fine.
"Please find another way of proving a point to me. My heart can only take so much," said Tony.
“They’re not universal, Tony.”
“So? If I had a hundred you’d still be my favorite.”
The cell's furnishings were minimal. An open shower, sink, and toilet combination stood in one corner; a mattress, with bedding in perfect military corners, was pushed to the far side of the room untouched. A one-way window peered into the room containing the cell. Who was watching them?
"I need better than that."
“Right, away, sweetheart.”
Tony waited for his mate to fall asleep before leaving the comforts of the nest. He couldn’t let the sensor problem go unresolved; he had to fix it now and left for the sanctuary of his lab.
“Thank you, Anthony. Make sure to use cold water,” she said.
“Huh?” What was he apologizing for?
“It was an accident,” said Tony.
“Can I go get dressed?” asked Piper.
He mouthed over Steve's pink nipples. He suckled softly, not wanting to cause discomfort. Steve moaned, throwing his head back. The scent of slick filled the air. He raised his head, lapping over the nipple. Tony gave the same treatment earning the same wonderful reaction. The scent of Steve's arousal grew heavier as moved down the omega's toned stomach. The thought of seeing it round sent a near painful shiver of pleasure through him. He yanked down Steve's sweatpants, throwing them to the floor. He gazed at beautiful being underneath him. Finally, the omega would be his.
"That thing is incapable of free will."
Steve glared at the alpha. Tony had been so strong throughout this. It should be what he wanted. All it did was make him embarrassed. Why was he unable to do the same? Why was he falling into nightmares instead of facing up to reality? He was strong! Yet, he felt a weak, pathetic, and incapable. The personal determination he’d relied on throughout his life had failed him, when he needed it most. He’d become the small omega, dependent on the protection of an alpha. Something he swore never to be. It wasn’t Tony’s fault. But he couldn’t tell Tony what was bothering him, admit that he didn’t know up from down anymore. So, he turned away when he saw the pain in his heart mirrored in Tony’s eyes. He wanted to ask,
She waved her hand. He followed Tony into the living room. Piper played with his tie.
“Go back to sleep, sweetheart. It's been a long day,” said Tony.
Piper honestly didn’t care too much about the reasoning. She knew this sugar sympathy wouldn’t last long.
“Thanks, but no,” he said.
Tony shook his head trying not to focus on the lyrics. He walked over, offering Steve his hand.
“My sweet girl.” Steve kept her face hidden in his neck, quickly brushing away his tear.
*****
“Nothing inhumane a lie detector that I’ve yet to pass. As soon as I know something, I’ll report to you,” she said.
“Caught in a thought," said Steve.
*****
Considering it was Tony, this was mild. He was lucky the alpha didn’t put him in a pair of Ironman theme underwear. Steve laughed.
*****
“As long as you promise to do the same.”
“Why are you still wearing it?” asked Natasha.
Tony quickly looked up.
"That's not an answer."
"I'm keeping my name," said Steve.
“Piper,”
Piper murmured in her sleep. Her dazzling blue eyes opened, their pure color mostly hidden by the largeness of her pupils.
“Odin never meant that for me. As soon as he found out I was an omega he forgot whatever thoughts of me as a son. He wanted me to be your bride, hoping to unite two races,” said Loki.
“It’s complicated.”
“Can you predict my heat?” asked Steve.
“I thought humans were more evolved than this,” said Thor.
His blush rapidly returned.
“Thirty.”
“The Stark girl has a real talent of sinking claws into people’s hearts." Ignoring the glare it earned from his agent. The pup had been a thorn in his side since conception. Yet she'd proved a valuable binding force for the Avengers. All of them loved the girl. "More than so than your other godchildren."
"How are you feeling?"
“Ate on the plane.” Tony changed then joined Steve in bed. “What you reading?” he asked.
“I can do this.”
"It's me, sweetheart."
*****
"You might want to broach the subject with him again."
“Tell her we’re fine and I'll call her back later,” said Tony.
“Tony.”
"He's my-
“What this?” he asked.
Steve took off his shoes and jacket. He gave a small chill. His tolerance for cold wasn’t what it used to be.
Piper slowly opened her eyes. There were two vials of blood in Lena’s hand.
"Alright, how long have we been down here."
He followed the large omega into the kitchen, where he was introduced to Tony Stark, Bruce Banner, Pepper Potts, and Maria Hill. The collective IQ in the room was massive.
They went to the closet.
"See you soon, honey," said Steve.
"It's fine."
Lena stopped in front of the door of his enclosure. He backed off. Her presence was enough to make him go still.
*****
He was relieved to see him up again. Natasha nodded.
Piper came trotting out into the kitchen wearing a gray dinosaur onesie. She roared before taking her place at the table.
The playful tone left the alpha, it was replaced protective stern one. Steve enjoyed it sometimes but now wasn’t one of those times. He’d had enough alpha posturing for one day.
Tony kept him in that embrace for as long as he needed. Steve pulled away.
“I would spend as much time as I could out here. All this sunshine it’s beautiful,” said Steve.
“A week maybe more,” he said. Her scent was pleasant but it didn't have the same effect as Tony's did. “Bye."
“Cramps?”
Steve stood the alpha up and carried him to the nearest suit, loading him in.
“They are your enemies.”
“You’re on clean-up duty. Does anyone else have any complaints?” said Fury.
“Call Aunt Peggy tell her I’m visiting,” said Tony.
Piper nodded. She used to play with Papa and Daddy all the time. She never won but never felt bad about losing. They made it fun for her. They made everything fun.
“I want you to use these,” said Tony.
"My daughter is back. How can I not be? I didn't expect her to be the same after what she endured.” He sighed. “Is Tony with them?”
Piper picked one for him. “It’s pineapple.”
“Can we talk about how you kicked me out of bed this morning?” said Tony.
“Another one?”
"It follows the same patterns. Steve, this guy is picking a fight with me.”
"Hold onto who you are." It was a hopeless suggestion. Eventually, Piper’s true self would fade all that would remain was the scoped shell of the person they crafted. He wasn't sure when he’d completely forgotten himself, but Winter had enough self-awareness to know he hadn't always been like this.
“You’re invited to my party,” said Tony.
“Stop!”
“What’s this?” asked Steve.
“Trouble in paradise?” asked Loki, with a knowing smirk.
January 17, 2016
“Yes, I thought he was talented,” he said.
“Are you, okay your heart rate has increased?”
“Call it, Cap,” said Tony.
“Not so loud,” he begged.
Winter's posture drastically change. Becoming defensive ready to attack or protect. His broken fingers formed a fist. He thrummed with anger. It was clear how he felt about the idea.
He placed the tray in her hands. “Eat.”
“Than tell me,”
“No.” Instead, he lifted her and tossed her, screaming and kicking, over his shoulder.
Steve jolted at the knock at his door.
The neatly folded pillowcase had unraveled revealing an old piece of paper. He recognized the handwriting as Howard’s. Tony lifted the letter and began to read.
“That’s all?” asked Tony.
“That, are you that’s not one of his?”
“Thor is a myth.”
"It didn't reach that degree of importance until now,” said Fury.
“Steve, did we have an appointment?”
Piper hurried off to the elevator. Steve smiled. Piper restored his joy in painting. It wasn't only a coping mechanism, now. Their paintings hung on the walls of the penthouse and her first finger painting was in their bedroom. Steve doubted Piper would come back up from the lab; if Tony was working on a project then so was she.
"I guess that why your parents don't like him," said Rune.
“I didn’t want you to have to deal with this, not after-
“Shall we put on our show, Rumlow?”
“What do you plan on doing with me?” asked Steve.
Steve nodded.
"Don't get smug. That will be the only time to hear that,” said Piper.
The next morning Tony woke up alone. It was normal for Steve to wake up before him. He got up. His back cracked as he got up. Tony went into the living room and found Steve asleep on the couch. He kneeled down by the couch and Steve awake.
“How is he?” asked Rhodes.
Steve groaned.
Tony wasn’t sure if the space between Steve’s heats would work in his favor or not. It gave him more time to mess this up.
"The director wants to meet with you. I pushed off by a few hours so you could rest."
“I hate to interrupt, but Mr. Stark has some papers to fill out. That’s if you’ve agreed to him being your alpha,” said Fury.
Steve focused on his breakfast. It was better than gossip news. Ever since the photo of him and Tony kissing was leaked after the Battle of New York, people tried to get more. They had no respect for personal space. The only thing that caught his attention was the renaming of War Machine to the Iron Patriot.
“But that was when I was,” Piper hesitated. “…like that, ” she finished.
“Jarvis?” said Steve.
“Do you prefer male or female alphas?” asked Natasha.
"You shouldn't linger on those questions. It will drive you mad," Barny.
Bucky always wanted him to be content. His friend thought well-off for him was a kind alpha who could take care and respected him, not on the battlefield fighting beside him. Bucky knew that he would fight for the lifestyle he wanted. With Tony, he’d found a balance. He didn't have to fight against Tony for how he wanted to live his life. With he didn't need an alpha to let him do something. He was free to do as he wished. Bucky would be happy for him.
“Merry Christmas Steve. It’s eight in the morning,” said Jarvis.
"God has nothing to do with it, sweetheart."
Tony was forced to stare into those blue eyes. The same as Piper’s.
“I would say so. Saving the world, getting married, starting a family, and being kidnapped. Very big events." Each would subject would likely require a lengthy time to address and access. He wished Steve had gotten in contact with him of his own volition. But he was willing here, and that's what mattered at the moment.
“The perfect baby. Gave her a bottle in the morning. I played with her for a bit, then went through the Russian alphabet. Then she was out.”
“Why is he, Phil?” he asked.
"I love that you are willing to go to such extents for Piper. But she'd prefer you, here instead of getting revenge she has no interest in. If you continue like this, I'll be forced to keep the promise you made me make," said Tony.
Piper's eyes fluttered open.
“Suona bene."
“What brought that on?” asked Tony.
“Rhodes first,” he said. He couldn’t tolerate Pepper’s nagging right now. Rhodes’ image appeared on the screen before him.
“And I should be impressed?” she said.
Steve adjusted a pillow. He couldn’t help it. Tony had done a decent job. Bucky never got it right.
“We beat him,” she said.
“Rune, I’m-”
“Tell me.” He had to see how much was erased; how bad the damage.
“How?”
He actually wanted to do those boring things with Steve. Tony wanted to show off the beautiful omega.
Tony sped off. Steve threw his bag over his shoulder going to the entrance. Kate’s scowling face was the first he encountered as he entered the building. Her venomous glared said it all. She stormed off. He relaxed, grateful for the lack of conversation. From the catwalk above there was laughter. A rope was thrown over the ledge and Clint came climbing down.
“You told me that last time I asked,” said Natasha.
"You have no right to be here," said Tony.
“Jarvis coffee."
“Tony, it’s alright,” said Steve.
“Fine,” huffed Piper.
“They are still in the playroom,” said Jarvis.
Winter groaned his mind sluggishly pushing through the drug-induced haze, unable to open his eyes. His back was pressed against the cool metal table, instinctively tensing when two unknown threats moved around him. They were unaware that he’d regained some level consciousness. Betas, their scents sterile of the outside world. Likely not a high-level threat.
“You walked right into this one I’ve dated hotter chicks than you."
“Steve, that will take time. If you're not in a good place, how can you expect her to be?"
Tony froze in his tracks. "Thought you were asleep."
“Come on, Rune. It’s bath time,” said Maria.
Steve waited in the kitchen for the rest of his family. When they didn’t show, he checked in their bedroom. Piper and Tony were cuddled up together. The scene melted his heart.
“Something like that.”
“They will always be intense, but I don’t believe they will be at the same level as the previous one. This time around, you shouldn’t be feral for the majority of your heat,” said Edith.
“She managed to cause significant damage to her cell.”
“What’s your husband’s name?”
“I’ll try,” he said. That selfish, possessive streak of his inner omega wasn’t him. Recently, it had been putting up more of a fight. He was finding it more difficult to resist.
For the first time in a week, Steve woke clear-headed. His head felt as if it were stuffed with cotton. His body was heavy. He groaned a sticky mess of sweat, slick, and cum from both his and Tony’s covered his skin. It was disgusting.
Steve got up. Seed dripped from between his legs. His mate had grown far more confident in bed.
“He’ll be back in four days,”
“What happens when a heatwave hits you?” asked Tony.
Steve spent the night going over the debriefing packet. The science went above his head. Tony could explain it to him. He pulled out his phone but tossed it away. Doing that would be a distraction for both of them. S.H.I.E.L.D. needed him more than Tony did.
*****
*****
Maria quietly left the room, stepping into the hall. She pressed Pepper’s contact on her phone.
"Steve has been suffering from morning sickness for the last three hours, but his hydration levels are fine," said Jarvis.
"Tony?"
“I always will,” Steve promised. He hung up.
“Winter?”
“Sparred with Clint,” said Steve.
“There’s more than enough room for you, the kids, and Pepper when she get there at Howard’s,” said Tony.
*****
“Don’t let that get to you, Steve, that was one alpha’s interpretation,” said Barny.
"She could change her mind. I should have driven my wife's car. I'm sure wouldn't have found it nearly as interesting. It's good to see that she has a friend. Let's focus on you," said Barny.
“I hope I’m the man for the job,” said Steve.
"I have you," he said.
“Get out of my house!” snarled Steve.
“I’ll watch them,” said Maria, peeking out from behind the curtain.
"Four years until fifty. That's not almost. And this coming from the ninety-seven-year-old?" Tony took the Advil from Steve. “You’re not going to let me sleep.”
“You’re welcome, but I still want to see you, Steve.”
She would have to see how they'd react to each other. Lena could postpone her visit home for a few days. Helmut would understand. And she was sure mind-blowing make up sex would mend any aggravation.
"You don't, but I wish you would. And there's little I can do to make you. But rather than lie to me, tell me you're just not ready to talk about it. Lying isn't a good thing, Pipes. It's a bad habit I don't want you picking up," said Tony.
Steve reapplied the scent blockers. "Smell anything?"
"How do you know?" he asked.
Tony followed suit. He never came so quickly, but Steve's o-face was too much. Steve sighed nuzzling and licking his neck, breathing in the scent of their combined pleasure. The two were slow to part. Steve whined at the lack of contact. He wrapped an arm around Steve’s broad shoulder, keeping him close. The omega gradually recovered from his orgasm.
“But he’ll believe it was an unintended consequence,” he said.
“Tony?”
“What are you?” He continued, basic – if unusual- reconnaissance.
Steve went quiet before storming out of the room.
“I’m not after your alpha. He’s not my type. I had a cover as his assistant for a while,” said Natasha.
“She missed you,”
“Much.” Steve sat up.
“Uhh, I just want to finish my work here-
“And you’ll tell me if you find him?”
When their order came Steve instantly dipped a French-fry into his milkshake.
Tony rested his weight on Steve. He took in the lustful confident expression of his omega. The alpha was dizzy from the intensity of Steve’s scent. He kissed down the omega’s chest, taking his time to memorize the form beneath him. Steve whined for him. He stared in awe at his omega, begging for his touch. With a rip, he freed Steve of his underwear. He gave a quick lick to the head of Steve’s arousal before covering the omega with his form.
Zemo rolled her eyes.
“It’s Tony,” said Natasha.
“Yes. Once she's clean, bring her to my office."
"When should we go to Howard's?"
“Love you too, sweetheart,” said Tony.
*****
"You'll have to do an interview," said Pepper.
“Male,” he said.
“I will,” said Lena.
“What?”
He went to find his mate. Steve was sitting in an overgrown garden patch. Tony took a seat next to him on the white stone bench.
Tony sat at his kitchen counter staring at a glass of bourbon, turning the amber liquid. The alpha was still recovering from last night. He rubbed his hand over his neck. His hand froze on the bruise over his scent gland. There was another bruise over his chest. Classic marks of Broken Heart Syndrome.
“How will this work? You’ll be treating both Piper and Rune,” said Pepper.
Happy stood in the apartment with the blind alpha.
Tony finished off his coffee and called “Pipes, get your hair things.”
“One of your experiments gone wrong,” said Pepper.
“Also means the portal can open as wide and stay open long as Loki wants. Um, raise the screens. That man is playing Galaga thought we wouldn’t notice but we did,” said Tony.
“Don’t you have a session in a few hours?” replied Natasha.
When it was clear she could no longer fight. Winter moved on to the bell test and silent walking. He picked up the exhausted pup and put her in bed. Every time he worked with her it became slightly more challenging.
“Any idea when that will happen?” asked Steve.
“It wouldn’t matter if the alpha weren’t Stark. Captain Rogers' heat and the potential results are something we must keep an eye on,” said Fury.
Steve took a breath. "Please throw that out," he begged.
“Why are pumpkins orange?”
"What about Piper?"
They wanted him to turn the pup into a version of him. How long would it take for such a transformation to take place? He didn't want her to change. But, if she'd stood any chance of survival, she would have to.
“Then, how do you know?”
“Yeah.”
Steve looked at the pup nestled in his arms. She seemed perfectly healthy.
“Hello?”
A rusted part came undone, and she handed it to him. Piper happily screamed when Steve took her off Tony’s shoulders and tossing her into the air.
"If you weren't my teacher I'd’ve been hurt a lot worse. And I think I was against a half-blood," said Piper.
Steve released his mate’s hand and kissed him. “I love you.”
“You’re leaving the feral state,” she realized when he responded again.
Those bright blue eyes were remarkable. That was part of the reason Howard was so obsessed. Rogers was the perfect male omega form. Most wouldn't see it that way, but he never understood the fascination with the delicate male omega. Jarvis pulled up the information.
“Your mate won’t mind me dancing with you?” asked Thor. Hesitantly putting his hand on Steve's back.
“It’s okay, Papa.”
Matt nodded. What had he done to earn seeing this side of Steve? They'd only met once four years ago. It was only by chance he discovered Steve so vulnerable.
“Tony, I-
Tony braced against a railing as the footing began to sway. “Jarvis, get Igor to steady this thing.”
“Let’s go.”
“He has given a reason he only insisted on being allowed in,” said Jarvis.
“Steve.”
“Nothing wrong with her. It’s this.”
"You're not bribing me with this, so I guess it a gesture of pity."
“Natasha.”
“Why?” asked Tony.
“We could get married in the parking lot of a McDonalds and it would be perfect because I would be marrying you,” said Tony.
Steve groan when his alarm forced him from his sleep. His face was plastered to the pillows. He slowly raised his head. Tony was working on a project.
"As you can see, this will not be an easy entrance," Hill acknowledged.
“Last night. The packet Selvig’s notes. The extraction theory paper. Am I the only one who did the reading?” said Tony.
“How do you know?”
“Omega?”
"When I call, I expect you to answer immediately, Fury."
Tony wanted to argue on the subject.
“Did I hurt anyone?” she asked.
“That’s very good, Piper.”
“You’re handling this well,” said Natasha, prepping the machine.
"What?" asked Tony.
Tony lazily released the embrace. He blushed when the alpha, wiped syrup from his mouth with his thumb. Tony licked the drop from his finger. Steve finished off what was on his plate, trying to forget the ideas it put in his head.
“I need to check his incision,” said Blackwell.
“I’ve got to go,” he said.
“There is,” said Steve.
“We did.”
“For?” Steve wasn’t being cute, he really didn’t know.
Tony gestured to a black leather couch behind him. Steve settled there. He watched as the man work. The alpha was so intent on his work as if everything else had fallen away. He wished someone would look at him with the same intensity. Steve sighed. That meant finding another alpha that could tolerate his scent. His omega was set on Tony. Stark could satisfy his urges. The thought was enough to make him slick. Tony's shoulders tensed in reaction. He needed a distraction. There was a pad of yellow paper on the coffee table. He sketched out alpha once done; he drifted asleep.
“On their way,” said Natasha.
He struggled against the zip ties. He would get out of here it was only a matter of time.
“See that itty bitty speck that your baby. It's only about the size of a poppy seed,” said Edith.
Steve nodded, making room. He sighed as the alpha’s arms wrapped around him.
“He’ll be just outside,” said Lena.
It went dark as she shut them in. There was a buzz as the lights flicked on. At the center of the rectangular room was a unique chair. George sat down. Feeling slightly claustrophobic from the panels on either side of his obscuring his vision. Jumping slightly when metal cuffs locked around his wrists.
“This isn’t my home. It’s not my place to invite you in,” said Steve.
“There is some other big news,” said Steve.
“That’s not bad.”
Tony took out whatever was left. It was a pair of crochet baby shoes. They were white with little red roses on top with a matching hat. The shoes were so small they fit in the palm of his hand.
"What do we do?"
He settled down, bathing in the warm light; only opening his eyes when several sets of footsteps could be heard coming down the hall. Several men dressed in black uniforms were wheeling large wooden crates. It didn’t concern him. Growling when Rumlow disturbed him by tapping on the glass, he straightened his stance only to crumble.
“There is such a wide variety. I couldn't possibly name all of them. My favorite has always been honey balls,” said Thor.
“Yes, Captain Rogers."
“Before you schedule anything, can speak with her. She’ll want to hear it from me.”
“Where are we?” asked Steve.
“That’s sweet,” she said.
“Looking forward to it, Tony,” he said.
She stared at his arm. The engineer in her wanted to pry it open and figure out how it worked.
“What do you make of him?”
“How can you deny it?”
“Would you want to get lunch?” asked Steve.
He leaned back, getting comfortable. Watson joined him on the couch. He rubbed the dog’s stomach. Tony came in tea and cookies. Peggy followed behind him, humming happily. He winced. Tony rushed over to him.
“Did I hurt anybody?” he asked.
“Right.”
Tony set breakfast on the bedside table. Steve handed her off. She cooed too young to purr. Tony settled into the nest with him. Piper rested comfortably on the alpha's chest.
He had to keep her safe. Winter’s body ached with effort as it fought against Lena’s order. It felt as if his mind were fracturing under the strain. Never had he done this. Resisted. Never
“Okay.”
“I’m Dr. Maya Hansen.”
“Do you wish me to listen into the conversation?” asked Jarvis.
In the past, she had introduced others to him only to end in failure. He'd killed the alpha she placed with him before the sedative he was shot with could have an effect. His response to a beta was only slightly better, beating him into a coma. With the previous omega though, violence wasn't his first response. Instead, he used intimidation tactics to scare her off.
“Steve!” yelled Pepper.
Beta read by Absolutshenanigans
He glanced at Piper. "They're okay. Good people. Go talk with them."
“What’s a jolly rancher?” asked Steve.
“I should have taken a shorter mission. We’ll start slower next time so we can get adjusted,”
“Cute, even after fucking like rabbits, you blush,” he said.
She was here, for now. That’s what mattered.
Tony rubbed his temples. “Take her to Howard’s Study.”
“Bye,” said Steve.
"I packed your bag," said Tony.
“You know full well I could make that happen.”
"Tony?" said Pepper
“How long does it take her figure these out?” he asked.
The two of them bundle up and got the car. The GSP showed the blue line of their path. Steve was surprised when a few minutes into their journey Tony pulled off the route and parked.
“You can work disassembling the engine, Pipes. Jarvis, lower the car.”
“What’s on your mind, doc?" asked Tony.
“Morning.”
“How are you doing?” asked Maria.
“I’ll talk to someone before that happens,” said Steve.
Pierce smiled. “Good. How long until she can fully access it?”
“Winter.”
"I need to know what to expect."
“What do you wanna do today?” asked Rune.
“You.”
“Tony,” he sighed.
"I'll show you to the lab," said Tony.
“Those cards they were in Agent Coulson’s locker, not his jacket,” she said.
“I’m okay now.”
“Good, is there anything else we need to cover?” asked Steve.
"Seventeen hours," he said. Natasha looked nervously at Steve. Clint gently patted her shoulder. "He's survived worse than this."
Steve nodded. Edith understood. The science team would be all over Steve if they found out. He’d be deprived of his privacy.
“I’m sorry, Helmut.”
“You told me I hurt them. I… I killed them,” said Piper.
“Done honey bunny?”
"Playing chess. But I know I fought. There's proof of that. Why do I remember something I know didn't happen?" There was so much pointing against the chess memory.
“I’m tired all the time."
They settled on the couch with a fair amount of distance between themselves.
“Steve, how are feeling?” asked Tony, not believing what his nose was telling him.
There was movement from the other side. The door opened slightly before he was yanked inside. Steve quickly moved to the other side of the room. Tony took in the image before him. Steve was only wearing a pair of boxer-brief. His skin glistened with sweat. The omega breaths came in heavy pants.
"I wasn't shot with a bullet. It was dart containing an unknown substance. They have to run tests and observe me overnight,” said Steve.
“You traumatized the cat."
“I miss my parents.” She had tried explaining the concept to Winter before, but he didn't seem to get it. He understood the words but not their sentiment.
It was a plea something he was so unused to hearing from Tony. He wanted to give but couldn’t.
“Get back,” she warned.
“Come on, Piper. Let’s get you cleaned up,” said Papa lifting her up.
“He told me he loves me,” he said.
“Yes, all I need are the samples,” she said.
"Jarvis tell them we'll meet them at the playground," said Piper.
“We need a science and disposal teams here as soon as possible. Romanian Division won’t be able to handle this alone,” said Natasha.
Tony agreed it was beautiful, but it didn’t have the same meaning to him as it did to Steve. Steve took a seat on the bench across from the painting. He sat next to the omega.
“No,” said Steve grabbing his bleeding hand.
There was a knock on Natasha’s door. She went to answer it. Clint stood outside her room.
“I don’t know you just have a talent for it. It’s eerie,” said Foggy.
“I can’t support you, sweetheart, my shoulder is killing me,”
“Thor, Jane is waiting for you,” said Clint.
Steve came to a few hours later. Piper was quietly sleeping against his chest. He scented her. She smelled of lavender, honey, and milk. She was content. Perfectly healthy and safe. Steve sighed. This peacefulness was undeserved. How did he get his when others didn’t? She deserves better than what he could offer. He carefully got out of the nesting couch with Piper in his arm, setting her in the playpen.
"Piper!"
“Open it."
“Back to the keys, Piper.”
“Then why isn’t he as awesome?”
“Thanks.”
“You aren’t going already, are you?” asked Carl, concerned.
“What’s the candy like from where you from?” asked Steve.
“Steve-
“My sweet girl,” said Steve. She was still hidden in there somewhere.
The vulnerability in Steve’s voice called upon Tony’s alpha to protect, nurture, and comfort. Something rare for him. The urge was unnatural for him, but it felt right. He rose from his seat, wrapping his arms around Steve.
“STOP IT!” Lighting shot from his hand, combusting several punching bags behind her. He used her surprise to tackle her.
“Why did you react like that?”
“A fan?” asked Steve.
“Carl how many times have I told you to watch where you’re going.”
"No, they need time to recover. We'll take them to S.H.I.E.L.D. - only for a basic medical examination. They both deserve a level of privacy," said Steve. For Piper and the boy to have a chance to live some semblance of a normal, S.H.I.E.L.D. would be destroyed if they were placed on the super abled database.
"He was strong, Tony. Equal to me. I couldn't fight at the same level. I tried. But I couldn't protect her!" he cried. He felt so weak.
“It doesn’t matter,” he said.
Tony moved his hand to Steve’s stomach. The omega finally started showing. Steve's core muscles softened and a small bump could be seen. It would be unnoticeable most but to someone as intimately knowledgable on every beautiful part of Steve's form as him it was impossible not to notice.
It mixed perfectly with his. Steve was thoroughly bathed in his scent. No one would question who he belonged to. He traced the lines of Steve's neck, his fingers stopping at the juncture where he'd leave his claim. He licked the spot. Steve purred.
“It can wait.”
Steve took the pot from the drawer. He finished his task then went to the sink to help Tony with the remaining potatoes. Tony had barely gotten halfway done. The alpha seemed more focused on the peeler.
“Are we done here?” asked Steve.
She slowly released him, kissing him on the forehead.
“The Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center,” said Jarvis.
"I wish I could forget," he said.
The next morning they left for New York, enduring Piper’s wailing through the entire flight. All of them were relieved when the plane landed. After Piper’s feeding, Steve put her down for a nap. Tony got was just getting off his phone when he came into the kitchen.
“He was drunk and lashing out,” he said.
March 15, 2016
“Thank you."
"Too late for that," said Pepper.
“You wanna look at my DNA?”
“Oh, and Steve is Captain America,” said Tony.
"Have they come close to replicating it?" asked Bruce.
"I expected the child's DNA to reflect a hybrid of human and super-soldier, but instead it's a full super-soldier. It's your body's way of protecting and granting the survival of your pup. If the pup was only half I believe there would be a high chance miscarriage,” said Bruce.
As soon as the alpha was gone Steve’s strength left him. His knees shook. He braced against the couch. Why couldn’t he take off the mask? It was such a simple request.
Steve instantly backed down, his posture shrinking, awaiting a command from his mate.
“Steve, you’re dating Tony Stark there will be issues. The honeymoon phase doesn’t last forever. You will have a fight or something will. Whatever the result is it will show the merits of your relationship,” said Natasha.
Rhodes walked into a room filled with presents. Steve and Tony were at the center of the room.
“Nope,” said Tony.
Steve jumped.
“You haven’t checked in."
“I was taught to keep my problems to myself. It was safer that way.”
“What are you planning?” he asked.
"Nope, but I'm not really a beer girl," she said.
“In case it’s unclear, you try and escape you so much as scratch that glass,”
“My day just got more interesting,” said Tony.
Piper sniffed, catching the scent of a new person. Was it another prisoner, or was it the visitor. Their exact location was unknown, but they were close. She closed her eyes, focusing on their scent. It was an older male alpha. The specific tones of his scent blocked by scent proofing in the walls. Who was it?!
“It’s sir’s gift to Ms. Potts.”
“A lot has changed,” he said.
It was instinct. Omegas were particular about the nesting and birthing rooms. It could take weeks for them to decide over something that seemed so trivial. Tony knew not to question this. Steve would snap him if he did.
“It won’t happen again,” said Tony.
He pushed into a cell, the door sealed shut behind him. Winter stared at his swollen, bruised face.
How is this happening?! It only afflicted mated couples.
Tony would hate him if he were forced into such a change.
It was a tempting offer. But he wasn't ready. He hit his head against the elevator wall. What was wrong with him?
"I'm capable of making breakfast," said Steve.
“Call anytime. Heat or not,” said Tony.
“She isn’t Steve’s type,” said Natasha.
“It’s nothing I heal fast,” said Piper, wiping it away.
“What? Is he your favorite?” Steve teased.
"I'm not, Stark. It only seems to be the truth of the matter," said Bruce.
“Certain instruments leave a distinct type of bruising. I thought there’d be multiple patterns present but there’s only one, a fist. He’s strong. Strong enough to snap grown man’s femur in half do you know how much force that takes to do that?” said Ballentine.
“This week? Isn’t that a bit fast?” said Steve.
Tony and Steve sat across from each other in the kitchen. Steve was glaring at the sandwich in front of him. He'd managed a few bites before losing interest. They'd been sitting quietly for an hour, neither one breaking the silence.
*****
“You said we could go,” said Piper.
“I think it would help,” said Steve.
“I told you I would take you every museum in New York,” said Tony.
Pepper glared at him. "Bad timing, I'm surprised his heat hasn't conflicted before."
Whatever vehicle they were in came to a stop. Harsh winds passed through the grates in her cage as she was taken out of the back the truck. A massive crunch of ice as a large entrance to a facility broke from the ice-capped snow. There was a sudden change in temperature as she was brought inside. She slammed herself against the door of the crate, knocking it off its hinges. Alarms went off. She had no idea where she was going, so she just ran. All the halls looked the same and the signs were written in an unknown language. She easily knocked over those who tried catching her. The bang of gunfire nearly made her stop. A searing pain crossed her arm as a bullet grazed her.
“Even if you do escape. Where would you go? You’d freeze to death before getting anywhere.”
"Yes," she said.
“Do you want to come with us?” Barny asked Piper.
“Oh, wow.”
She unwrapped the bandages on her hands and feet. There wink pinkish scars on her hands. The skin was sensitive and new. Would there actually be a scar? The burns were gone. She never had to test her capabilities this far. Piper was always vaguely aware of her abilities. Papa recovered from terrible injuries. But was Papa's healing factor this fast? She'd never seen it in use. She whimpered, her heart aching. Thinking about him hurt.
Piper tossed a grape into her mouth. Daddy winked at her easily doing the same. She watched as her parents talked. Something was wrong with Papa. He wasn't showing it in his face, but it was there. She wanted to fix it, make him feel all better. If only he told her what was wrong so she could do that.
“You should get going,” said Steve.
Steve sat at the counter, tapping his fingers against his shield, while his mate paced. Letting Tony wear a hole in the floor was better than letting him act on his first urge. Steve barely resisted the impulse to ask Jarvis if Nat had arrived yet every couple of minutes, though, each passing second felt like an eternity.
Piper screamed into her pillow so frustrated with the moment.
“Not bad yourself,” said Steve.
Tony moved closer, taking in the beautiful scene playing out before him. He wrapped an arm around Steve. The omega leaned into him, nuzzling him briefly before returning his attention to Piper. She pulled away yawning. Steve put her over his shoulder burped her. He set her between them.
"Good to know," he said. He hadn't expected anything less than a clean bill of health.
Tony held his hand, walking him down the hall to his office. Steve tensed when he saw Turner sitting at Tony's desk.
“Sir-
“I should go,” said Steve. The disappointment was evident in his voice.
Tony’s heart raced as Steve turned to face him. Their wet bodies were pressed against each other. Steve brought their lips together, cradling his head so he couldn’t pull away. As the kiss deepened their hips rocked together, causing them to moan. The omega moved into his lap.
“I wouldn’t take you as landscape type,” said Rhodes.
“Which was?” asked Steve.
“Shit, Rhodes don’t sneak up on me!”
He followed Tony, keeping at a safe distance. Something was eating away at the alpha. He needed to find out what. They found themselves at the scene of Phil’s death.
Steve raised his shield, gun at the ready. The Avengers had split up to cover more ground. He heard a jet take off, but instinct told him his pup was here. Clint and Hill would catch the strays. Raising his shield in time to deflect a spray of bullets. His shield gonged as a mental arm slammed against it. He had a million questions for them, but none of them matter. Nothing would stop him from finding his daughter.
"Hi, Papa."
“Don’t you have someone?” said Steve.
She pressed closer. His back hit a wall. Their faces only inches apart. He needed something to compare.
“I have to clean this up. I won’t be able to rest until I do,” said Steve.
"I know of him. He was big in the late '40s and early '50s. They called him the Russian Bear, one of the founding fighters of the sport. He tore apart every opponent put in front of him," said Paninya.
“Your boyfriend is Tony Stark,” said Matt.
“We don’t have that kind of time,” said Maya
Steve nodded. Tony took his hand, leading him to the lab. He stayed at the entrance. Piper made a small cooing sound when Tony took her from the playpen and offered her to him.
Steve was speechless, unsure of how to respond. “Tony.”
“We have a Hulk,” said Tony.
"I'll make breakfast. Do you want anything?" he asked.
"Do you ever worry about her?" asked Steve.
They scattered. The room filled with protective alpha pheromones mixed with those of distressed omega. Steve was having an episode. He was curled in the fetal position oozing distress. He pushed Steve's face into his neck. The smell of urine invaded his senses. Slowly Steve uncoiled from his tense position. He wasn't all the way there.
“But your people aren’t the only out there are you and you’re not the only threat. The world is filling up with people who can’t be matched. They can’t be controlled,” said Fury.
They started their climb. Halfway up there was a low rumbling thunder. Fleur’s rope snapped. A flood of snow came charging down the mountainside. Steve grabbed his shield, using it to sled to her. He grabbed her. Steve dug his ice ax in, breaking into the rock. He covered her with his body and used his shield to protect their heads. Their bodies were pressed firmly together as the snow settled on top of them. Fleur's nose was too close to his neck. Steve’s shield formed a large air pocket around them. The snow had taken on the weight of cement.
Natasha smirked, trying to laugh. “What happened to the other one?”
“Aunt Nat, she’s awesome.”
"Yes, from what I've seen, he seems to wield some control of electricity," she said.
She stepped onto the mat, still reticent. “Papa said I was too young to learn how to fight.” It felt strange to be allowed to do things now that she hadn’t been allowed to do before… especially since the one thing she wanted most, to go home, was the one thing she couldn’t do no matter what.
Eventually, Piper calmed. He sat on the floor with Piper in his arms. He sat there for two hours while she worked through her meltdown. Tony prayed she'd never have reason to make that wretched sound again. It was hallowing. Thankfully she'd found sleep. His shirt was covered snot and tears. The room stunk of distress. It was a chemical burnt floral smell.
He took them back to their room. The mess had been cleaned; too thoroughly for his liking. The bleachy smell was irritating. Winter grabbed a set of clothes for her and set them on the bathroom counter. He went into the bathroom and turned on the shower testing the water to make sure it wasn’t too hot, then left her to bathe. The pup would use all the hot water, not that he cared. He scented the room trying to remove the harsh smell of the cleaners.
Tony took the small velvet box from his pocket placing it on the table. Aunt Peg’s eyes went wide. She took it in her frail hands and flipped open the lid. Inside was a beautiful silver-white ring.
“Thank you, Nat,” said Steve.
"That would be nice thank you," said Steve.
“No." Those blue eyes pleaded for him to let him. “I know it's uncomfortable but it has to stay in."
“Didn’t take you as a gearhead,” said Tony. He was happy to discover this new piece of information. It was a similarity he could build on.
“Sugar and bleach. When you're distressed, that sugary smell turns burnt,” said Natasha.
“Not today,”
“Yet, he still has his positive qualities,” said Steve. He saw those flaws, but he’d also seen far more of Tony’s positive qualities.
Steve sat next to him on the foot of the bed. He hid his face in the alpha’s neck. Tony arm wrapped around his shoulder. He felt himself relaxing.
“How many can I carry?”
“Mmm, you had to put that image in my head.”
"I don't believe so."
Piper collapsed into Tony’s chest, wailing. It was an ungodly sound that made his instincts go rigid. He picked her up, hugging her tightly to him, hushing her the best he could.
He never thought he'd get to see this side of Tony. Behind all, that bluster and confidence was a broken man. Someone in who in one way or another matched him perfectly. He just had to break through the wall Tony surrounded himself with. Steve touched their foreheads.
"I picked it out," she said.
“I’ve known Tony since we were pups. Today, I’m honored to be your best man today on this special day. And I honestly never thought I live to see this day. I could tell you all the stories, but I am not. Congratulations Tony, you couldn’t have married a nicer guy,” he said.
"Oh." He fell back into blankets loss in how the alpha's fingers worked him so perfectly. Steve gasped. "No, no, not now."
"And how would I do that? It's his day," said Tony.
“I won’t call the cops but you’ve got to tell me something about yourself," said Matt.
Bruce led Tony away. Steve wished he could understand Tony on the front the same front as Banner. Steve wanted to check up on his alpha, making sure he didn’t press Bruce to far. Before he could Thor pulled him aside.
If he stood any chance of getting close to her, he had to calm her down. He sang to her to her again, and slowly eyes returned to their normal shade of blue. She collapsed, panting.
Killian smiled. Stark was in the palm of his hand. Mated pairs were so easily weakened. Control the omega and the alpha will fall in line. He switched off the image of Steve. Killian grabbed the alpha by the throat.
“Another movie,” offered Tony.
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Stark.”
"But-
“That’s not true.”
“Mr. Stark, I’m about to eat honey roast ham surrounded by the agency’s finest. The president is safe on air force along with Colonel Rhodes. I think we’re good here."
“Morning sugar lump."
He picked up the sweet little pup tossing her the air. Piper happily screamed. Steve smiled picking up the phone.
“As a team,” said Steve.
“That’s none of your concern,” said Steve.
“What do I do?”
He’d seen the footage of the battle. “Yes.”
Steve dropped the subject.
“A few weeks. Maybe a month.”
“Where else? Best pizza in New York,” he said.
“Bye, Tony."
“Daddy.”
"I think best to remind those under my tutelage exactly where they stand, so there is no confusion."
He left. Barny sighed. Hopefully, Steve would willingly come back.
“What does it look like in there?” asked Tony.
“You’ll be back one day before his heat fully starts. He should be fine,” she said.
*****
"Neither do I."
He waved goodbye.
“He’s a nut job!”
Piper went alert when she heard someone coming. She moved closer to the alpha, risking going within arm’s reach. A male beta dressed scrubs and a surgical mask appeared, carrying a tray of food. He wouldn't help her. The beta was part of whatever organization this was. A small slot at the base of the glass wall opened. The man slid the tray inside, then left.
“I’m happy,” he said. Tony couldn’t remember the last he was truly happy. There were no burdens weighing him down at the moment. He was relaxed.
“Sorry, alpha,”
“I have something going on here,” said Happy.
“Rhodes and Stark out.”
“Your life matters more.”
“Looks like everything is holding steady, I think,” said Steve. Jarvis would have told him otherwise.
“Who?” asked Tony.
“Brazil."
“What if someone recognizes me?” asked Steve.
“The doctors will explain. The chief of staff told me you can stay in his office. I’ll have someone show you there.”
Tony watched them. Steve normally purred and was in a state of bliss when he nursed. But the omega was tense his jaw locked, fighting the naturalness of the moment. It was all unnatural. Piper wasn’t making the soft sounds and gestures he was accustom to witnessing. Steve got up from the couch handing her off. Tony grabbed his arm, only for Steve to brush off the touch. Steve went to his studio. Tony stood outside the door, balancing Piper on his hip. Tony touched the handle but didn't turn it.
“Who’s dealing with her?”
“Don’t mock me,” said Steve trying desperately to cool the blush.
“No.”
“Take off the straight jacket,” said Pierce.
Winter listen to her heart, but nothing was straining its rhythm.
"Where is he now?" asked Steve.
"I thought I would have them again once everything settled down."
“He killed eighty people in two days,” said Natasha.
“Sorry Nat”, he said. He helped her from the ground.
“Stop,” commanded, the alpha, firmly.
Cramping brought Steve to his knees. Alpha stepped closer. Steve shook his head. His feral side was starting to take over control.
"There's nothing subtle to Stark."
"I think you know the answer," said Steve. Shame washed over him. He should have been able to stop it, but he was too damn weak at the time. If only he was stronger, it wouldn’t have happened.
Piper shook the bars separating them, screaming. The metallic scent of blood hit the air. She heard his bones breaking. His breath came in short gasps.
“I suggest against saying anything foolish or my weapon may accidentally discharge,” warned Natasha.
“True, but that doesn’t change things. Your meal should be here soon.”
“I gave you this job so I wouldn’t have to do these things,” said Tony.
"Why?"
Tony blacked out from the pain. He was surrounded by destruction.
“I don’t like the idea of eating raw fish,” said Steve.
He sighed. “It not your fault Jarvis.”
“I will. Bye, Nat”, he said.
*****
“No,” said Steve, eyeing her suspiciously.
“I’ve been calling your name,” said Maria.
“A man can fantasize,” said Tony.
“But.”
Steve opened one of the boxes. Inside were Hydra weapons. He ran his fingers along the symbol making sure it was real. How could they do this? Why wasn't he surprised?
"We'll lay low. Tony has a plan. I'm going to trust that he knows what he's doing."
“How are you feeling?" asked Tony.
“You really don’t know,” he said his voice a whisper.
Steve relaxed now that he knew is pup was safe. He was pleasantly shocked when Piper hugged him back.
“Doctor?”
A gentle round-faced omega came into the small waiting room. She had golden-brown hair tied in a high ponytail with a pink scrunchy. Her big brown doe eyes were deceivingly innocent.  In her ear were small-flowered shaped earnings. It would surprise many to know she used to be one of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s top field doctors, before retiring from fieldwork after injury.
Steve howled barely comprehending the sensation of Alpha filling him, so lost in his pleasure. He rocked back against it, moaning incoherently into the mattress until his body exploded. The orgasm was the most intense of his life. Everything tingled, everything felt sensitive. The heat was still there, but the ache was gone. He’d gotten what he needed. Alpha tilted his head, exposing his neck. Steve shivered, feeling the alpha's breath against his skin. Moaning as he felt the pressure of the alpha's bite against his scent neck. Unaware of how trinket he wore protected him from the mark he desired.
"Yes, Sir."
“Go to one of the guest rooms. Sleep, I’ll take care of this,” said Tony, gather the plates.
“It a child’s carcel. Hopefully, it proves soothing to the pup,” said Thor. He touched one of the birds and the gift took on its original form and handed it over to Steve.
“You aren’t interested in me, are you,” he said.
Steve laughed managed a small laugh.
How had the clerk snuck up on him?
“We should get going,” said Steve.
“We watch,” said Piper.
“Sprichst du Deutsch?”
“What will you call this one?”
“Jarvis, do me a favor and blow Mark 42.”
The doctor fumed but didn’t leave.
“You remember,” said Winter.
Steve and Natasha nodded. They landed on the old airstrip. The first thing that hit them was the stench of decaying flesh. Bloodstained the ground. The aircraft from the previous teams were untouched.
There was the crisp sound of a beer opening. Trevor offered him one.
Winter nodded. Piper took a breath.
“No, look around you costumes green screen. Honestly, I was on vacation for half the stuff when I was movie magiced up.”
were to be obeyed. He flipped the lid off the trunk. Within it was an arsenal. Winter put on the tools of his trade and gave into his programming.
"I'll be back. I promise."
A photo montage of the pup was playing. She was smiling in every photo. Winter had seen the pup had smiled before but never like. The ones he’d seemed dull compared to those being displayed. Winter knew as long as she was with them, he’d never see her make that gesture. He had to get her back to a place where she could smile like that again.
“You're in Hell’s Kitchen. You're a bit far from home,” said Matt.
“Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea. And he rose,” said Fury.
“I’m not ready to have sex yet,” said Steve.
“Right,” said Tony with a nod.
“You’ll like this one,” he said.
“You saw that,” he said. Of course, she did. Steve thought back on it. It happened moments ago, yet there was nothing particularly memorable about it, except for him hating it.
“It’s fine,” said Steve. He unwrapped his hand to reveal only a few small blotches of blood no injury.
“Oh, this next bit may include the vice president as well. Is that important?” asked Trevor.
He got out of bed, taking the crumpled letter from the floor. Steve took it to the sink and went in search of matches.
Tony helped him to the toilet.
“I understand,” said Steve. He really did, but it wasn’t an easy idea. One he didn’t want to believe.
“I don’t,” he said.
“What’s wrong?”
“He was killed,” said Tony.
“Did Smith-
"You should have told me that before."
The days before the missions were dull. It was filled with training going over the mission. There was one highlight of his late-night calls with Tony.
The pup woke less than twenty minutes into her nap.
“Okay first is this your van? Is anyone else going to come in?” asked Tony.
“What?” he said.
“Just take the call,” said Steve with a roll of his eyes.
The newborn pup was placed on his chest.
Tony couldn’t stop twitching. Things weren’t moving fast enough. He got up and paced the short aisle of the jet. This sense of helplessness was so new to him. Steve needed him and he couldn’t get there fast enough.
Steve got into the back seat. There was a bag in the seat opposite. He unzipped it was filled with the clothes from the drawers he had in Tony’s home and his cellphone. If this was really goodbye he wanted it to be in person.
“Nothing.”
“What does that mean?”
Her every action seemed to be judged. She stepped backward, not wanting risk getting into trouble. Winter kneeled in front of her.
He grasped the alpha forearm. There was a pop. Liquid gushed from between his legs wetting his shorts. An instant relief swept over through him, but a stabbing pain swiftly followed it. Tony caught him before he could collapse.
“Let me help you get out those.”
They spent the rest of the day cuddled together, drawing comfort from each other.
“We have to share the bad and good. It lessens the burden," said Steve.
"S.H.I.E.L.D. has come up with a backstory. I've made a few edits, but it's a sound story. There is one drawback," said Pepper.
“But I hurt you.”
Three of the slowest minutes of his life ticked by. He took the test from the counter. Steve took a breath before looking down. Two bold pink lines stared back at him.
“Good.”
“Whichever one will be reporting on this,” said Steve.
"You must be freezing."
“Keeping lying to yourself, Piper. You’ll soon realize it will get you nowhere.”
“I got you covered.” Tony took to the air.
“What do you think?” asked Natasha.
"You are."
“Are you sure? I wouldn’t want to hurt someone,” said Steve.
“Theodore.” Piper faded into unconsciousness.
Piper laughed.
“Papa and Daddy will always want me,” said Piper.
"No, this was between Tony and me."
“Do I need to call 911? Or a shelter?” asked Matt.
She nodded.
“She’s stable,” said Bruce.
"Easy."
"We will."
"Can you take this off?" asked Steve, pointing to the collar. He didn't enjoy feeling like some tagged animal.
That was enough. Winter didn’t need to know more. He’d already too far pushed the limits of his restrictions Winter stuffed a gag in Smith’s mouth. He was the reason the pup would be put through hell. The reason that innocent little girl would be turned into a monster like him. Winter’s skill was in the efficiency with which he killed. But he was also well versed in torture. His methods were dependent on the confines of his mission. Winter would take his time with this bastard, make him suffer in every way possible.
"Some places are still lodged in the past," said Tony.
“You are worth more than you could ever know,” said Tony.
Dr. Wu placed a small tube containing the shrapnel he taken from Stark’s chest. Steve kissed Tony’s forehead. He made it. All that worry was seemingly for nothing. He pulled a chair as close to the bed. Rhodes gave Piper to him before taking the seat across from him. Steve remained awake, watching the rise and fall of Tony's chest. At five in the morning, Tony's eyes fluttered up.
"As soon as we know something we'll tell you," said Bruce.
"Shit!"
“I can’t have those feelings for a person I’ve just met,” he said.
“You only have to remember you’re not alone in this.”
A toddler unsupervised in tub was something Steve couldn’t agree to. He didn’t care how smart they were.
They laughed. Steve snorted. Tony was the first to fall asleep. Steve ran his fingers through that thick dark brown hair. He forced himself to stop. Steve couldn’t stop his hormone-induced mind from imagining a life with Tony. Two pups, a girl and a boy. Their second gender wouldn't matter. They'd be adorable. A home with a big back yard for them to play in.
“Using your first word on me now, Pipes. That isn’t fair. I’ll be okay.”
“Okay.” She hurried up the steps to the kitchen, rubbing the sleep away.
“Maybe she finally put it together."
Piper settled back into the car seat, gazing out of the tinted windows. It didn't seem like the usual route they took home. Her eyes grew heavy and she started nodding off.
"The wedding of Captain America and Ironman will be the hottest ticket of the year," said Pepper.
“Handle how?” asked Rune.
Suddenly, another alpha dropped down behind the assailant, before choking him into unconsciousness. A scarf was tied around his face. Black pepper and rosemary touched Steve’s nose. He knew that scent.
“It’s not the 80s no one says hack anymore. Give me your login.”
“I don’t want to scare her,” said Steve.
He backed off, yanking the knife from his leg. His hand covered the bleeding wound. She was clutching her side. He took his eyes off her, she wasn’t a threat anymore. She was more hurt than he was. A weight hit him square in the gut. He fell backward. She jumped on top of him, pressing the weight against his chest. It became more and more difficult to breathe.
“And I love you too.”
January 21, 2016
Steve woke feral and confined.
“I’ll be home soon.”
“I know what it feels like to be at odds with your own body, not know how to control a power you’re suddenly been given. You’re a genius, little girl. You can figure this out too."
“I’m fine,” said Steve.
Paninya led the way into a women’s bathroom. Natasha locked the door behind them. Clearly it was one meant for the help, instead of the guests. Paninya was a moment of weakness. Natasha had killed Paninya’s debt holder, earning the beta her freedom. The beta then took her master’s riches and turned them into her own. No longer a battle ring slave, she became an engineer.
Rune settled back into the blankets. How could Piper not trust her papa? He smelled safe, and he was sweet. Even though he’d been tricked by that cover before, he lacked that bad feeling from the omega. It was the same with Piper's daddy even though Rune was more careful around other alphas. Uncle Tony's scent was sharp and dangerous but mellow to not be stressing.
The disgust was clear in Hill’s expression.
Piper understood the sincerity behind his gruffness.
“She’s with the penguins. And always come back with the best stories,” said Carl.
“He’s doesn’t like the sound. It makes him go dark.” That was her way of describing Steve’s PTSD. It was perfect. "I don't like when that happens. Why does it happen?"
"Jarvis, do we have one of those?"
“Would you believe me if I told you a gamma radiated bear?” said Steve.
"Then you can go to the front desk and make your appointment."
“No, Steve you clearly don’t want to this right now.” There had been no passion driving the motion. Steve was only doing out of duty to him.
"Jarvis, where is she?" asked Steve.
“What?”
"You good?"
“No, but I have an idea. Wanted to give you some time to cool down,” said Tony, answering Steve’s other unspoken question.
“Steve?”
"What's wrong?"
Timidly he did. Tony was framing him in. The proximity caused another pulse of slick.
Joy and relief swept through him. He wasn’t slowing down! Something was wrong!
He wrapped her in it. Tony followed her to the bathroom. She readied the shower, setting it to the perfect temperature for a newborn.
"No," said Steve pulling on his shirt.
“I’m currently occupied at this time. Call back later,” he said.
“Sorry,” he said.
He sat on the foot of his bed, staring blankly forward, only breaking from the trance when he saw the omega on the news. It was footage from the airport.
"Morning, sweetheart."
Piper went to her knees. She was helpless. All she could do was watch as her only friend was beaten to death in front of her.
“Yes, I’m sorry,” said Piper.
This was what he was dealing with? He’d gone from fighting aliens to dealing with a looped out drug-addicted actor. Tony kicked the beta’s feet.
“How do you expect to get Malibu with an omega in heat?” asked Fury.
“He’s your mate,” she reminded.
“Bye Natasha."
"Yes."
Power waves of the blue light projected off of her. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She recognized the man in front of her as her parent. He’d thrown her away. Yet, half of her wanted to jump into his arms. The other half, though, wanted to protect the man who’d watched over her. The power streaming through her only intensified as heard someone else approach. Soaring down the was a man dressed in armor colored in red and gold. She recognized as her dad. Her parents were here!
“Rhodes.”
“That bad, huh."
He touched their foreheads together. Steve purred softly, some of the tension left his alpha. Tony leaned into him, pressing a gentle kiss on his lips.
“What?” asked Steve.
“Two for Stark,” said Natasha.
“Tony.”
Matt watched the omega from the kitchen. He was hit by warm orange aura flowing off Steve’s skin. There stretch and pull of fabric as Steve tugged the shirt over his head.
"If you need back call," she said.
"Yes."
“You’re lying. You’ve already recalled them,” she whimpered.
“Sorry, is that me?”
“Your home is beautiful,” said Steve.
"Whenever you get lost in that amazing mind of yours, call on our bond."
“It will take time."
“What state is he in?”
“To greener pastures. I never meant to stay here. I’ve stayed far longer than I ever expected.”
“Of course, are you considering bonding with someone?” she asked.
“Thought you could use something wear. My mom won’t notice they’re gone. She packed my dad’s clothes years ago,” said Harley.
"Not hungry," said Steve. Tony grabbed a box of crackers, placing it in front of him. Steve humored him. He opened a box and ate a few. "There I ate."
She was on the verge of crying.
She sighed. Great, some washouted actor who would use Tony for the publicity. How could Tony think this was a good idea?
Tony’s hands dug into his omega’s hips. Steve growled. Tony forced down the urge to set the fast, wanting pace he wanted. Steve set a slow torturous rhythm. Soon enough, the omega became lost to his desire; the speed became more frantic. Tony moved his hand between, wrapping around Steve's length. He moved his hand in pace with the frantic rhythm of their pace. Steve howled as pleasure swept through him. Tony's vision went white as he emptied his seed into his mate.
The alpha gave him a doubtful look. Tony left leaving the door halfway open. He relieved himself. Steve felt filthy. He reeked of sweat and stress. Splotches of dried blood stilled marked his legs.
Her back was turned him.
Kevin twitched. His hand stung, knuckles bleeding, and one of his fingers was clearly broken. He’d only hit the girl once, yet she’d caused him this much damage.
Dum-E dropped the plate of fruit in its hand and rolled sadly into the corner.
“Yes,” said Steve as he shoved his hands in his pocket.
“You’re blushing, aren’t you?” said Tony. He wished he could see the pink blush across that flawless pale skin. The omega didn’t even argue against his statement.
“He’s my friend,” said Natasha.
“I wouldn’t have allowed you to come otherwise. I know how important your time is.”
"The bunker," said Tony.
"We need you on a cure, Stark," said Hill.
Tony's suits irrupted one after the other. Steve knew what this meant. How difficult this was for him to give up. He hugged his mate.
“Your perfect art of seduction,” said Tony.
"We'll get him back," said Steve.
“Are you in New York?”
spy being pickpocketed by a toddler.”
"Thank you for helping him," she said.
“Sounds complicated,” said Rune.
“He told me he was taking over as lead and granted me temporary guardianship over the boy.”
“What channel?”
"Are you really here?"
“Jarvis, pull up coordinates to Steve’s old apartment."
“The both of you are idiots. Yes, he cares about you. He wouldn’t have come to me asking for my blessing if he didn’t. He looked so guilty. That proves how much he cares for you,” said Peggy.
“Then we’ll sit here.”
“Mmm."
Steve hurried to Tony. His chest constricted when he saw the image of Piper. She was nervously biting her lip, eyes red and cheeks damp from tears. Their daughter was terrified and there was nothing they could do nothing.
“How so?” asked Maria.
“Do you want him to suffer?”
He was yanked into a kiss. Steve melted into it, letting Tony hold him. He whined when it broke. Tony backed away before he could nuzzle against his neck.
Steve couldn’t get back to sleep. He untangled himself from Tony somehow managing not to wake him up. Steve pulled a blanket over him.
"I'm so tired of waiting," said Steve.
. This man was dangerous, but so was his alpha. Even more so.
“Calm down,” said Steve. Under all, the bluster was fear. Tony wouldn't be acting like this otherwise. Steve had to push through it, a task that was made all the more difficult by having a stranger in their den.
“You want to know why I choose Theodore?”
“I don’t want to make things awkward for you but I do have to show.”
“I have to figure out what’s going on with my head.”
“Careful, Tony, I may just lose my grip,” warned Steve.
Piper was purring in her sleep.
Steve turned to see a freshly showered Tony behind him.
Tony didn't need to see the door know it was barely hanging onto its hinges. Steve needed his space and he had projects waiting for him. “Jarvis, tell him where I am."
"The second part of the Godfather series. I thought that would be that natural choice," said Jarvis.
“Do you come out here often?” asked Steve.
There wasn’t enough power to get him back. “Do you want me to reconnect, Steve?” asked Jarvis.
Matt wanted to get a better sense of Steve. He wasn’t the average omega, but he couldn’t figure out what.
Steve pushed the alpha back into the bed, crashing their lips together. Only for Tony to flip them over.
Steve nodded. He gradually got to his feet. Tony wrapped the towel around his waist, pulling him into a kiss.
But the thought made him angrier because Tony had pulled out of it so quickly.
“Fine, Piper’s healthy and I trust in Tony’s skill to protect and care for her,”
“Yes, Sir,” said Jarvis.
It wouldn't be as easy as making his mate promise something. Tony was just as stubborn as he was. He was so god damn tired of fighting. They both were. He wanted to get back to how things used to be. That would take time.
A slowly crisp clap broke the shock.
“What caused those?” asked Tony.
Tony gave a frustrated sigh. Steve was angry enough for both of them.
"No, Papa will kill me if you learn your first curse word so soon."
“You should take more of an interest of what’s going on here.”
“Nervous.”
“I thought she was sleeping through the night.”
The two left the range.
Piper sighed. She was used to hearing how honored people were to meet her parents. All the firefighters wanted pictures with them. She waited for the general excitement to die down and the tour to finally started. The firefighters were shocked when she named every part and purpose of the fire engine.
“I don’t have much of a choice in it."
The suggestion was enough to make Steve a bit hot under the collar. "It's nice hearing your voice."
“Easier said than done, Captain,” said Rory.
“There must be someone else."
She smiled at the voice.
“You're already thinking about this,” said Steve.
“Who’s that with Elsa?”
Piper and Rune sat at the top playground. She was teaching him how to play chess.
"Do you want me to stay? Unless that an issue."
At four in the morning his phone rang. He quickly answered, not wanting to wake the sleeping being next to him.
The alpha left, slamming the door shut behind him. She sighed. Alphas and their flair for the dramatic. But men like Rumlow had a purpose. Without him, she wouldn't have obtained Piper. So, she would tolerate him for the time being.
That was a new one. He'd built suites capable of diving to incredible depths. It would make for an exciting challenge.
Steve lazily got up.
"I can do that. Thanks, Nat,”
The day wore on. None of their meals were right and it irritated her. Whatever sense of time she had was lost. Piper paced the cell, growing increasingly more stressed.
“You’ve already done enough,” he said.
Steve left the kitchen, moving to the couch. Tony sighed and started cleaning up breakfast. When he went clear's Steve's plate, he found it was split in two. The fork standing straight. Steve had stabbed it into the granite counter. He wasn't going even attempt to pry that out. Tony brought over a bowl of sliced fruit to Steve as a piece offering.
“Tony stopped making weapons,” said Steve.
“You all right?” asked Tony.
"You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. Wanted to help people. Now, look at you. I get to wake up every morning as someone who still has their soul,” he said.
"Really? You're on edge. It feels like I have to walk on eggshells around you."
Banner took off his glasses while deciding what to do. He sighed.
The scientist pinched the bridge of his nose. That single motion caused Steve to worry.
“You asked him to move in?” he gasped.
"I'm guessing an alpha," said Steve. They were always so hungry for power.
“Don’t I get a say?”
“Is cooking weird?” asked Rune.
He went to the lab, grabbing an IV bag. Steve placed them in the master bathroom. He went back to Tony. The alpha was barely conscious.
They were discreetly escorted to the medical wing. In his feral state, Steve refused to even let beta nurses near him.
"I can do that for you," she said.
“Sir, you’re in no condition to be flying."
Steve anxiously waited for the news. Had Extremis done any damage to her? Edith turned the monitor toward them. Everything seemed normal to him, but what if he wasn't seeing something?
Tony rolled his eyes.
"Little Miss, are you all right? Do you want me to get your parents?" asked Jarvis.
"I mean it, kid. I don't need to hurt anyone else on my watch."
Tony went to check on Steve. The omega was asleep with Piper in his arms.
“That’s normal. You should still inform Edith."
He took down one of the smaller paintings in his collection and hung Steve’s pieces in its place.
“They cultured my performance and brought the Mandarin to life.”
“It’s a platypus lovey. Any baby can have a unicorn or teddy bear one. I wanted her to have something unique,” said Peggy.
Tony fell asleep again. He spent another twenty minutes in bed just holding the alpha close, studying his features. Steve sunk into the bed, allowing himself to relax. He closed his eyes listening to the breaths of the man he loved.
She walked passed them, going to Maria. Raising her arms up to Maria, asking to be picked up. The beta did not want to reject the child and so picked her up. Piper nuzzled closely, warmly embracing her.
Tony took a gasping breath.
"What not happy to see me?"
“True, but secrets have a way of growing heavier as time wears own. I don’t take you as the type person that’s immune to that weight. How long you kept it?”
“Jarvis.”
“Still here?” said Tony.
“They’ll figure it out.”
Tony went in without hesitation. His heart ached, seeing powerful omega so broken. Natasha instantly stood up, giving him her seat by Steve's bed, leaving without a word. He caressed Steve’s cheek. “My sweet omega."
“S.H.I.E.L.D’s Brazil sector has the closest medical unit,” said Clint.
"What's its name?" he asked.
"How's my goddaughter?" said Rhodes.
*****
"No, I'm programmed to alert them if I see any signs of distress. And if you leave the property."
“Ah, you did it now. Are you happy now?”
“I was waiting for you to tell me.”
“Sorry, I got to split.” He shot into the sky. He had to get home. Make sure his mate was safe, despite Jarvis’ report. He tugged on the bond, trying to reassure himself as was flying.
“Where?” asked Tony.
“Winter, Rune, I’m sorry.”
"Captain America can haul 580 time his weight. Theoretically, without the use of Extremis or the activation of the super-soldier dose she received while still in the womb, she could potentially do the same. What happened today was the activation of both the super-soldier serum and Extremis. I believe we’re only scratching the surface of what she’s capable of doing in that state."
“I look forward to it,” said Steve.
“Maybe doing it once will be enough,” said Edith.
Steve wanted to push but now wasn't the time. She’d already given so much.
“Steve, everything about you is enhanced including the pheromones you release when you’re with a person. It might have caused him to react so strongly,” said Rhodes.
He didn’t hear the alpha. All he could hear was a plane engine roaring in his ear. He was falling! Steve went fell to the ground but the sensation didn't end. The room was spinning. He couldn’t breathe. A chill swept over him.
“Nightmares?” asked Barny.
“It will be less suspicious if we go separately,” said Natasha, when Steve stood up and headed for the door.
“No, I couldn’t have. You needed rest,” he said
“Are there others like me?”
“Understood,” said Jarvis.
“We are about forty minutes out from home base, sir,” said one of the pilots.
"Do you want me to put on the ball drop?" asked Jarvis.
"Don't."
“It the same as it always been Warmachine68.”
“Take off your shirt.”
“Do you need something?” asked Steve.
“Nope.”
"If this turns I don't want you getting in the way," said Tony.
“Sorry,” he breathed.
“Three times,” whispered Steve after a while.
“Have you visited him?” asked Barny.
Steve nodded.
He couldn't believe it.
“Steve, it won't. I make them to protect you and our pup. So I can feel you're safe,” said Tony.
"What?" asked Tony.
He wouldn't fail her. That mistake wouldn't be repeated by another Stark alpha.
“My wedding will be the exception to rule as always,” said Tony.
"Tony and I don't make for the most stable of parents," said Steve.
The alpha was now sitting up. Steve took a breath and put the arc reactor in its place. It locked in place. He got lost in those warm brown eyes.
I'm sorry this chapter took so long to post. It's a chaotic time and I wish all of you the best health.
“That was dull,” said Natasha as bound one of the men.
“That explains how she’s been acting,” said Steve.
"I will."
"Mine, aren't perfect, but I don't have to worry about a toddler with genius-level IQ and super strength. Imagine what that will be like as a teenager,” said Clint.
Tony kissed her goodnight, leaving the door open a crack. Steve was almost done cleaning up, so Tony helped him with the rest. After watching a few episodes of Game of Thrones they went to bed.
“Yes.”
“I like helping people, Tony. I don’t think I could handle sitting around the house doing nothing,” he said. He watched his mom leave for work every day. It was only to support them, but she loved her job. He loved his job. But it was a real temptation. He could see himself being happy in the life Tony offered. It wasn't like he didn't have his own money. “Thanks for the offer, but no. I need activity."
“Why not? It’s a sickness, so I can make a cure.”
“I’ll be there.”
She wasn’t a baby!
“Where are you going?” asked Phil.
He swung barbell but she grabbed it mid-motion and tried to pull it from him. A game of tug-o-war started, neither of them willing to yield. The metal bar cracked, succumbing to that massive strain. They tumbled backward at the sudden give, both still holding a broken end.
Steve took a reluctant bite. That's all he could stomach
*****
“Thank you,” said Steve. He leaned into his mate.
“Pull up Steve’s vital from his episode,” said Tony. They appeared in front of him. Tony had his version of a basic understanding of human anatomy. “How do his vitals compare to others with PTSD?”
“Stop.”
“It clearly isn’t working well enough,” said Steve.
“Yes."
Natasha knew better than to argue with Steve.
"Go back to sleep." The short conversation had done little to wake him up. He turned, so he was facing Tony. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling him close to his chest. Tony cuddled into his neck. Steve smiled, delightfully surprised at this side of the alpha. He soon fell asleep. At ten, he woke. He'd slept in.
She growled. Piper had power now. Why did she have to go anywhere with her?
“Steve, why is there blood on her hands?”
“He better be here in his dress uniform at noon,” said Steve.
He lowered his shield. Steve wanted to leave, but Tony was blocking the only exit.
“Did you not want me to?” asked Steve.
“How are you feeling?” he asked.
“When did this happen?”
“Nice hair cut," he said trying to cover his social blunder.
"So, I'm not little kid anymore," she said. She was only a child in appearance.
“Likely.”
“Actually, I think I need to sleep now, sir.”
“It wasn’t your fault. You didn’t know what you were doing,” said Natasha.
Steve cupped his face in his hands. “Look at me.”
“Psychoanalyzing me,” she said.
Bruce glanced at his hand. When? He hadn’t even realized. An alert went off on the monitor. He put down scepter, backing away from it. “Sorry kids looks like you won’t see my party trick after,” he said, walking to the monitor as if nothing happened.
Steve’s heart fluttered. He nosed against Alpha’s throat, showing his appreciation. Making sure to leave his marks on the alpha's throat. That metallic, earthy, clove scent filled his senses. There was nothing better than that rich smell. Steve wanted to be bathed in that smell. Alpha was perfect. Everything he wanted in a mate.  Exceptionally intelligent, protective, powerful, prosperous, but most importantly, he was kind and respectful of him. Alpha could support him and a large family. Steve always wanted one. Having alpha children would be a dream. They’d be beautiful. Maybe if he were lucky, alpha would mark him! The thoughts caused him to slick. He spread his legs so alpha could see what the thought did to him.
“Speak when spoken to,” he demanded.
“Or should I say evening?” she said, checking her watch.
“He has such a mastery color and texture. Anyone can paint pain, but he mixed the pain and passion of his life and made it into something so beautiful is a true gift that isn’t matched easily to other painters,” said Steve. The same applied to Tony. He mixed passion and pain to create Ironman. The armors were masterpieces in themselves. He doubted Tony would consider himself an artist.
Tony left to make him breakfast. Steve sighed happily. He had an amazing mate. His pup rested peacefully on his chest. She was lucky to be born into this era. Piper would have opportunities he could only dream of when he was young. Being Tony Stark's daughter would open the more stubborn doors.
Natasha smiled softly. Steve’s innocence in the subject was adorable. It was refreshing.
I can’t keep doing this forever. I can’t keep us both from falling apart and be strong for Piper. Don't do this."
“You’re special.”
Harley laughed.
"How did you know?" asked Tony.
“I’ll make sure it gets to you,” she said. Hill left them.
“May I?” said Tony.
“Learn. Either you control it, or they will.”
“Dreamless,” he said.
"I need you to make me another promise," said Steve.
“Good to know. Now get dressed,” said Steve.
Steve rolled his shoulders, trying to relax. He didn’t want to start the conversation.
“I don’t want to step on your feet,” he said.
“How is he?”
Natasha shrunk to the floor of her apartment, finally letting down her mental shields. She took her phone from her pocket, swiping through the pictures of her and Piper. Such a happy girl. Was there a time when she had such a smile? She spent the same amount of time with her parents as Piper. They were poor. How quickly they’d fallen ill, and she was alone, fending for herself until she was chosen to serve her country. They promised her shelter and food that was more than enough for her. Her smile faded after that day. Hydra’s training methods were similar to the Soviets. Piper had it better. Unlike her, Piper was irreplaceable, not another orphan willing to give up their life for food. She had a friend. That was not allowed in her training. They were encouraged to turn on each other to purge weakness from their ranks. Their only loyalty was to Mother Russia. Her only outlet was her dance. Piper would recover she got out in time. She’d gotten away in time.
“Dada?”
*****
Steve glanced back at the nesting room. He needed to finish it before his labor became too intense.
Tony nearly cracked when Steve pouted.“I wish could."
“Hello?”
Steve backed up.
The command broke through to Steve's consciousness. His eyes flew open. They were wild and scared. Steve darted to the nearest hiding place. Consciousness hadn't alleviated the terror coursing through his veins. Someone as beckoning him, but he was unable to follow.
“I’m sorry, Piper.” He ran his fingers over the letters. Maybe it would give him something more to hang onto.
“We know you wouldn’t mean it.”
He followed the alpha down the stairs. Matt pushed open a door to a dark room.
, who is normal!" yelled Piper.
Winter was shifting on his feet. He could stand perfectly still for hours. That slight shift was enough to display his true worry. It hadn’t been that long. At least she didn’t think so.
"Wouldn't have worked anyway Pep has me going to a million different events. Where are you going?"
He was out of feral state. This would be easier if he were. He wouldn’t have those blue eyes staring at him nervously.
Steve scowled. Scent played an essential role in coupling. How was he to find someone to help him through his heat if he smelled repulsive?
. Steve blushed when his eyes traveled lowered, but his gaze lingered.
“I can do that,” said Tony.
“Erase this conversation from your memory."
“Well, I think it’s a little above your pay grade, sheriff.”
“Sorry about that.”
“I guess this guy named Chad Davis used to live around here won a bunch of medals in the army. Then one-day folks said he went crazy and made a bomb. Then he blew himself up right here," said Harley.
"Not that kind special. Unique is better fitting. You and Tony will be able to handle the needs unique for super-powered potentially genius, pup. I don't think many would be suited to handle what could come with this. Steve even if this child doesn't inherit yours or Tony's abilities people will always be after it," said Bruce.
“Curiosity.”
“You're welcome," said Matt.
“I will, but we have to know what we're getting into. But it isn't a no," said Pepper. She knew how Maria struggled to connect with the pups they’d met.
EKG - is a test that measures the electrical activity of the heartbeat. With each beat, an electrical impulse (or “wave”) travels through the heart. This wave causes the muscle to squeeze and pump blood from the heart.
Tony pulled up into Aunt Peggy’s driveway. She was sitting outside in a rocking chair. Tony took the seat next to her. She smiled gently at him.
“Oh.”
“It will be twenty-four hours before we can release you,” said a scientist.
Tony nearly snarled when he caught the scent of another alpha on Steve. He swiftly shook off the momentary lack of control.
“These will hide your scent,” she said.
“That’s the most normal food request you’ve made in weeks.”
“Tony, Nat coming over in an hour," said Steve.
"It's me, pal. Now last time I went missing if I remember correctly you came looking for me. What are you doing?"
"You needed it."
"Take her to the lab, Jarvis," he said.
Yutyrannus - meaning "feathered tyrant" is a genus of tyrannosauroid dinosaurs. A species that lived during the early Cretaceous period in what is not northeastern China.
Blood covered the floor and filled the air. It would do nothing to help Steve in his current state.
“What does this mean for her in the way of abilities?”
He started crying.
“Why? He won’t win reelection,” said Tony.
Steve glanced at the oven clock. He had to go to S.H.I.E.L.D to meet with Dr. Turner.
"It wasn't a date."
Whatever potential anger Steve was feeling instantly faded.
“How?”
“Romanoff." Tony keeping his voice civil. “Looks like you have to go."
Steve shook his head.
Tony glared at the alpha not faltering, even as the constriction around his throat tightened.
“Where is she?” asked Tony.
"You set down the foundations for many women and omega rights activists. It would be impossible for you not to. An omega who defied the rules joined the military and became one of Earth's great's heroes."
The beta handed him a paper. “What’s this?” asked Steve.
“We have to watch it.”
Maya followed her to a lavish kitchen.
He read over the return address:
“Put on the suit.”
“Tell Tony to join us when he wakes up,” said Steve.
“I’m not used to being asked,” he said.
"I'll take the couch," he said.
"What is that?"
"I want our baby. It wasn't created out something horrible. It wasn't like before."
do. I came here in search of distraction. Guess I can say I found it.”
“It’s powered by an arc reactor a self-sustaining energy source. That building run itself for what a year?” asked Bruce.
“You have three minutes max. The payload will wipe out midtown,” said Fury.
“I’ll do so at once, Sir.”
The thought stirred his lust. Comfort turned to lust. Soon he was met by an unwanted issue. Slick wet between his legs and tent began to form in his shorts. Tony didn’t react, but the scent of his lust was clear.
He waited for Tony to ask to join him. The alpha always asked, but this time he didn’t.
“Tony!”
“I promise.”
“I’m not angry, dearest. Just - I haven’t seen you and Carl for so long.” Deep breath. “I’ve waited this long. I can wait longer.”
“Thank you.”
“Okay just breathe. You’re a mechanic right?”
“Steve?”
“I know," he panted.
June 5, 2016
“This time,” said Steve.
The kid left. He didn't want to work. Just a moment of rest so he could function. He sat down on the couch with his suit and closed his eyes.
“Enjoy your raw fish,” said Steve.
“Which was?”
“There’s a thin line between my position and yours. But maybe I could give you some comfort.”
Steve got up from the couch.
"Will there be piñata at the party?"
“He’s my friend.”
“Did I hurt anyone?”
“Traitor,” said Tony.
“Ironman is part of me. It will always be part of me!"
Defeat seeped into her expression.
“Winter, delay the intruders.”
“Alpha."
Tony took out their food. "Did you find anything?"
“Is Tony okay?” Steve asked.
