Back in the room, the pack Alpha looked thoughtful. "He's right, you know," Mycroft said to his brother. "Your brood is simply too enormous to fit comfortably in this room. How do you sleep? I should imagine the logistics of persuading so many young pups to sleep simultaneously, especially piled together in the traditional fashion, are... complicated." "Mmm, patience and a bit of smart organization," Sherlock replied, grinning proudly at his sibling. "John and I sleep on the outside of the nest to keep the older ones corralled as they fall asleep, and to have access to the quints in their cots when they need attention in the middle of the night. After that it's just a matter of placement. Each litter enjoys sleeping together, and a few of the baker's dozen have special attachments to their younger siblings, so we make sure to keep those pairs close. Arthur goes next to the fussy ones, no matter what age. Calms them right down," he purred. Quite suddenly, a shadow of confusion and frustration crossed the detective's expression. "They are coming tonight, yes? The rest of my pups.
. His mate was made to be bred, was
along with the dates of their bonding and wedding. The large polished tag, as well, which hung proudly from the collar's d-ring, read "
he begged,
"I take it he's concussed, then?" John said mildly, crossing the room to nuzzle his Alpha's curls. "Hello, love," he purred, cooing in pleasure when Sherlock grabbed him and immediately began to scent him. "Wait,
"Yes, dearest, we are.... And I suppose," Sherlock concluded, catching the
John's bodysuit is a lot like this one, only with a corset front fastening and the aforementioned peepholes; https://www.bellabellaboutique.com/showImage.php?w=400&h=535&i=images%2Fproducts%2Flingerie%2Fbodies--teddies%2Fsonata%20lingerie%20classic%20aida%20white%20lace%20bodysuits.jpg
Mewling at the sensations, John gently slid one hand down to tease his small cock while continuing to stroke his full belly and squeeze his breasts with the other, arching and writhing and humming in obvious bliss. His eyelids fluttered as he let himself slip further into his instinctive state; every act of obedience and submission sent feelings of reward and pleasure coursing through him and he whimpered happily, his every move showing off how much he wanted to please his Alpha and how much he was enjoying touching himself. The more he rubbed and stroked himself the closer he got to coming and he began to keen softly, warning his mate that he couldn't take much more without orgasm, leaving it up to Sherlock whether he was allowed to come or forced to follow another order.
As the John's middle expanded, so did his appetite, for food and sex especially. Sherlock could barely keep up with the Omega's seemingly unquenchable need to have the Alpha's cock inside him; he fucked John for hours on end, thrusting until his cock was sore and pained from the excessive friction, and John would still be begging for more. John pleaded for it when he was awake and pleaded for it when he was sound asleep, and eventually the consulting detective had given in - thinking back to his own fantasy, he'd pulled Mycroft's people to build a machine that could fuck John day and night. Sherlock had been thoroughly shocked when it had arrived the next day: a perfect replica of his enormous cock (he insistently directed his thoughts from inquiring how Mycroft got it), complete with the ability to knot, attached to a motor covered in a soft but sturdy exterior, one that John could easily push back against and receive extra satisfaction. He still wished to fuck his mate himself, but this would allow him to keep John satisfied when he could not, and attend to the bedridden Omega's other pressing needs.
John moaned into the kiss and blushed with embarrassment at how big he'd get, knowing he wouldn't be able to walk much by the time he was six and a half months pregnant and wouldn't be able to stand at all by seven. He loved it, knowing he'd be so full of Sherlock's pups, knowing everyone would instantly know how powerful and potent an Alpha he was. "Oh, yes, Sherlock... I'll need to lean on you as I walk, need you to help me stand up... soon I'll only be able to lie on the bed and rub my belly as I swell larger and larger with your thirteen babies, I'll be completely helpless, reliant on you for
. He licked his way up the curve of John's neck, his hands moving to cup his mate's full, lush arse and pull him closer against him.
Sherlock had never failed to turn bright red when John had asked for help with mobility during his last pregnancy; clearly, he wasn't going to break his streak with this newest litter. The suddenly rather flustered detective rose from his place on the floor and went to his mate, something hungry beginning to gleam in his eyes. "We had better get ready," he purred, the rest of the adults nodding. They'd greet Greg and Molly before they left. He helped John up from his seat, and nearly lost himself as the Omega swayed. "Bedroom," the Alpha huffed, his pupils dilating as he quickly lead his waddling Omega away.
"Two in one day!" Lestrade grinned, tickling Adam's tummy and making him squeal. "Bet the rest of you won't be far behind, hey?"
He pressed another sweet kiss to the Omega's lips and hurried off to their room. This would be the only year they'd be carrying all thirteen of their first litter into the living room - the next, with the exception of the triplets and a few sleepy one-year-olds,  the pups would be toddling in on their own on Christmas morning.
"Of course," John replied softly, pressing his hand over Sherlock's on his belly. "I promise, love. And I swear I'll get it right this time, I've researched collar etiquette and everything. Mycroft helped me. I'll be such a good pet for you... I'd like it if we used the leash this time as well, I think it's about time it saw some action, don't you?" He mewled happily as he drew his mate into another tender kiss, moaning a little as Sherlock's hands continued to slide greedily over his distended belly. The Alpha's touches were like electricity, making his skin prickle in arousal as he was claimed by touch and the pups inside him settled as they recognised their sire's presence. "Oh, Sherlock, fuck," John moaned weakly, his pupils dilating as his cock began to twitch and thicken. "I think I could come from this, just your hands on me again..."
The girls blinked sleepily up at their parents as they suckled, cooing gently as if they needed reassurance that both of them were there.
A minute later came the sound of light panting from the bathroom, and the club Omega re-emerged, his posture balanced between one hand on his back and the counterweight of his enormous belly and the tray he bore in the other. He waddled up to Sherlock, and placed the engraved silver plate in front of him, before carefully removing the glass -domed lid.
"You were saying?" John queried, wondering what help of Mycroft's Sherlock would be willing to accept. He wondered vaguely if it was anything to do with their new house. He could see the interest in Mycroft's eyes and almost wanted to let him touch the bump - he was family after all, and it would help him bond with the pups - but after he reacted so badly to a safe Beta like Mrs Hudson, and after the incident with Anderson, he didn't want anyone but Sherlock touching his bump, especially not another Alpha. He offered Mycroft a small apologetic smile, knowing he'd understand after hearing Sherlock's account of the afternoon's events. He thought about the things they might need and suddenly burst out laughing. "Actually, Mycroft, if you can find us a pram for tredecuplets that would be marvellous."
" he managed, barely squeaking the words out. His head was practically spinning as arousal, self-consciousness, and instinct clamoured equally for dominance of his emotions. Self-consciousness was kicked to the curb as he pictured John in his mind's eye, his stomach swelling gently as it was filled, growing larger even as he was still in labour.  He could have that, he could have his Omega like that, right now- Have John softer, rounder, heavier-
Schmoop! Fluff! Feels! Angst! Kinky sex!
"Except it's not, is it?" Sherlock said, clasping John's hand on his cheek and pressing it back towards his mate. "You- you said you'd have been without an Alpha forever but for an early heat." His eyes were wild and he was breathing hard, his chest painfully constricted. "Would I have - would I?" The Alpha bowed his head, raking a hand through his curls. "Christ, I-," he exhaled in a hard burst, flinching as he gasped to catch his breath. "I-I-I-I thought I, a-a-and you... I was protecting... I wanted..," he gave a soft, sharp sob. "Would I have- would you ever have- oh god-"
; a simple silver tag dangled from the D-ring at the front of the collar, reading only "Property of S. Holmes". John blinked, opened his mouth to protest that he already had a collar, but then he realised - that collar had been chosen with the utmost love and care by Sherlock, every aspect of it perfectly suited to John, but this... This was
Sherlock sucked John's cock all the more enthusiastically as his mate spoke, working his lips from the base to the head, his tongue circling the sensitive tip. As John pushed the swell against him, he growled quietly around the Omega's smaller member, his own cock now jutting out obscenely from the opening in his robe and dripping precum onto the floor. He squeezed more lotion into his hands, working it into John's skin again so John's belly looked positively wet with it.
John purred, long and rumbling, as he carded a hand through Sherlock's curls.
"Five," he grinned, purring with pleasure at Sherlock's kisses. "Mmm.. ohh! Fuck, that's... another one... make that six," he smiled. "Seems like the more you kiss me, the more my body wants to accept your babies."
concussed, your eyes have gone funny - hands
"Irritability. Nausea. Vomiting. I'm afraid so. And it's all recorded right here," the doctor said, tapping her clipboard. "Which means you will not be leaving tonight. Now please, if we can just get on with your memory... What year is it?"
Picking up on his Alpha's obvious arousal John keened softly, shivering as he was relentlessly stimulated by the toys. He wanted to rub his face against Sherlock's erection, to lavish attention on it until his mate was panting and on the verge of coming, but he was content to sit between Sherlock's thighs, rubbing his own enormous belly and whimpering for attention.
, don't you?" he purred, picturing the lingerie he'd saved for today.
feeling of having so much of his mate's come in him only made him more aroused, spurring his pleasure onwards, and by the time he was finished he was overwrought and quivering, finely beaded with sweat. John mewled, past speech, and circled his hips experimentally, getting used to the feeling. He was certain that if he was in heat, and Sherlock's come could pool in his womb instead of being kept out of it by his pregnancy, his belly would be visibly swollen by now.
John sat down next to Sherlock, suddenly feeling very shy and nervous. He refused the offered drinks and put his hand in the crook of Sherlock's arm for emotional reassurance. He waited until Mrs Hudson was seated before summoning the courage to speak. "We've got some good news," he smiled shyly. "Two pieces of good news, actually. Firstly...we're getting married," he beamed, knowing Mrs Hudson would be excited about the event. He smiled fondly at her gushing congratulations and waited for her to calm down before they told her the rest.
"Sherlock, that's not true," John reprimanded primly. "Did you once hear me say the words
The Times, 17th April, 2013
or an
Within five minutes each of the babies was in its own little bath, their heads supported by the padded waterproof seats. All of them were squealing and waving their arms, apparently delighted with this turn of events, and John smiled as he sat in front of them, crooning and tickling them, smiling as he felt Sherlock's arms snake around his waist.
Sherlock purred and kissed back, ignoring his own throbbing erection in favour of John's mouth. He moaned at the soft slide of their lips against one another's. "I'm glad I can please you so well..," he hummed, rolling to the side and pulling John slightly on top of him, so that his mate's full belly was resting atop the Alpha's flat stomach. "I always feel complete when I am with you, my gorgeous Omega... and with you, too, little one," he chuckled as one of the triplets bumped against his hand.
Sherlock nipped ferally at the Omega, driving his cock hard into his mate, his eyes dark. He gripped the collar between his teeth and tugged back on it just a little, just enough to briefly restrict John's breathing; the second's message was clear,
Sherlock swallowed, blinking hesitantly. He could feel the strong urge to knot his mate, but hardly found himself in the mood. The Alpha looked at the clock, "Your danger zone doesn't pass for another ten minutes," he murmured, closing John's legs gently, "We'll wait until then." He wasn't feeling very adventurous at all, he thought as fell listlessly back onto his pillow, his face a mask as he stroked his mate's belly.
being pregnant with your pups? I can't wait to go back into heat with you, feel you knot me again and again... Feel you pump your seed into me, filling me, breeding me... I would never have let another Alpha breed me. Only you. Always you. I love you too, Sherlock." He kissed his mate sweetly and stroked his cheek, brushing curls out of his eyes. "Now come on, take me home. We've got to see about decorating the new house, moving, finding a housekeeper/nanny, visiting the tailor, booking some other wedding things..."
"Ohh fuck! Yes, yours, all yours... My Alpha, I'm yours now, you claimed me, filled me with your babies, so full... Thirteen," he gasped, feeling an explosive orgasm build quickly at Sherlock's rough thrusts, incredibly turned on by how possessive he was being. "God, yes, Sherlock, mark me again," he begged, loving it as Sherlock sucked bruises into his neck. He clenched his walls around Sherlock, making him tighter. "
Brendan merely squealed in bliss and jerked his hips minutely. "N-need it... give me pups, please," he begged, "need my Alphas. Need all of you!" The promise of further breeding crept into his scent; he had dropped two more eggs, and the scent tipped Leo over the edge. He shoved his knot deep inside the breeder and began to come, pumping wave after wave of his seed into Brendan's fertile womb with a loud groan of relief.
and...
," he rumbled in John's ear, "How many fantasies did you have about me, John? How many ways did you imagine coming around my enormous cock?"
"I see," Sherlock replied quietly, "I see that now." His heart positively ached at seeing his mate so utterly ruined on their wedding day. All hard feeling dissolved away in the face of John's distress, leaving only a faint, throbbing hurt at the memory of the Omega's utter embarrassment. It was difficult to forget that look, difficult to erase John's bright red face and look of sheer mortification. Removing his pocket square, the Alpha began to wipe the tears from his mate's face. "It was simply a misunderstanding, you have nothing to be sorry for," he tried, "I cannot blame you for wanting such things to stay private." He moved his chair closer, carefully uncurling John's arms and wrapping them around himself, resting John's head on his shoulder. "Please don't cry, my wife," he murmured, pressing gentle kisses along the side of John's face, "I love you. You have nothing to be sorry for."
Incest if you squint
"Mmm!" John agreed, panting a little. "Careful... any more kisses and more eggs will attach," he half-warned, half-pleaded. "My belly is going to be stretched and swollen enough as it is... you don't want to put m
Sherlock let out a low, luxurious groan as John took him deeper. The extra press of his mate's bellybutton against his leg, the feeling of John's enormous round stomach, the sight of his Omega's heavy body crouched against him - belly protruding fully from between his spread legs, his mouth working greedily around the Alpha's cock - was enough to bring him quickly to the edge. "
"You...," Sherlock sat for another moment, nearly speechless, before slowly crawling across the bed, as if he wasn't quite sure that what he was seeing was real. His hands moved to explore green fabric as he looked up at his mate, "You're... perfect...," he murmured reverently. His hand travelled to the green panties, fingers pushing under the fabric to trace along John's hole, as his tongue darted out to gently lave over the mound of the Omega's bellybutton.
and the world's only consulting detective and
They lay together for a time, Sherlock stroking his mate's hair and continuing to let his impressions of the club flow through the bond until John was satisfied. He knew John had fretted over the experience, and he was determined to soothe every worry and insecurity about his performance.
," he moaned, trembling at the sensations. "Ah, yes... feels good," he murmured as Sherlock gentled his ministrations. His belly
"Mmm, yes, I think you might... My body will have to adjust to breastfeeding so maybe you should nurse from me until they get here... After all, it is your right as my Alpha," he purred. "You can claim the right to nurse me as often as you want... For once the traditions of an Alpha/Omega relationship seem pretty enticing. They'll be big enough to squeeze in your hands in two or three weeks," he said huskily, leaning in to Sherlock's touches. "We'll need a double electric breast pump so both can be milked at the same time..."
Sherlock stood in the doorway, the Alpha's ice melting into something devastated. His eyes fixed on John's neck and the lack of collar there, a flush rising high on his cheeks and a deep, hot pain stabbing through his heart and spreading through his chest. His disappointment had not been with John but with himself; it was illogical, but John not meeting the desires Sherlock had not communicated to him had felt to the Alpha like a failure on his own part. His words to his mate had been more self-reproach, more speaking to himself than anger with John. Under any normal circumstances, he would have been content with tenderness, but his hormones were out of control. Months of restraining his natural drive for intercourse had brought out the animal in him, heightening his hormones to dangerous levels. He'd needed John's understanding to soothe him and bring him back; John's defiance only sent another surge of hormones through the volatile Alpha. "Go upstairs and get back into bed," he hissed in command.
Sherlock volleyed back, his eyes stinging with tears.
need your knot in me
, John chuckled,
… size of our first litter speaks for the strength of our bond. I could easily have sired a comparable one on him again, if his Change weren't so near. As such, I want to draw -
Mycroft purred and flexed his arms, turning them to admire the gifts from every angle, feeling how the armband fitted just a little more snugly when he tightened his biceps. "Thank you," he said, looking at his pack gathered before him, "they are both exquisite. I am... extremely touched, and I hope to continue to prove myself worthy of you."
The babies played happily, seeking attention from their parents at intervals, and by the end of the film nobody was paying it much attention; John lay on his side, most of the babies gathered in a pile where he curled protectively around them as best as he could. Propped up on one elbow, he used his free hand to tickle and pet the happy, cooing pups; only Benedict was absent from the heap, clinging as he was to Sherlock's shirt front. Foam blocks were dotted at random around the room, rattles lay discarded and covered in saliva, but each pup clung possessively to their new bear, nuzzling it and purring.
I owe you a thousand apologies, dear readers, I got slightly bogged down with life and finishing my Masters degree and as a result have been woefully slow at RPing. I humbly beg you to forgive me and hope that this chapter is sufficient reward for your admirable patience.
that selective termination was not to be mentioned under any circumstances, because his Alpha was
"You're only going to get bigger," Sherlock hummed in John's ear, fucking the Omega a little faster, turning the pump up one setting higher. "You're not even close to the majority of your growth yet. Soon enough we'll have to change bottles every few minutes when you pump just to keep up." He took John a bit harder yet, the faint sound of skin slapping against skin becoming audible, the pups wriggling intensely in excitement under his hands, John's belly quivering with their movement as it swayed. "Maybe I should just keep you here from now on, naked," he husked in John's ear, "pumps constantly running slowly on your breasts, giving you pleasure, your legs spread for me whenever I want you."
he ordered gently as the elder Alphas continued to suckle,
They stayed like that until the doorbell rang at precisely three o'clock, a three-second ring. John roused slightly from his almost-doze, warm and comfortable under the blanket having his belly stroked, and blinked stupidly before his brain came back online. "Bet it's Lestrade," John murmured quietly, smiling fondly as his Alpha got up to answer the door. He was both pleased and surprised that Sherlock was voluntarily allowing another Alpha into his territory, where he was nesting with his heavily pregnant mate. He wondered idly if it was because Lestrade had moved between John and Anderson during that incident, Sherlock knew the other man could be trusted around his mate. He snuggled happily into the blanket his mate had given him, purring as he stroked the silky fur.
he roared, face drawn into a feral snarl as he recovered himself. Lestrade suddenly grabbed him around the middle, tackling him onto the pavement. The young Alpha snarled viciously, landing a few swift blows and slashes to the elder's face as he struggled, eyes wide with panic. "
The other three Alphas of the pack had calmed a little now that the Omega's scent had changed to reflect the fact he was being knotted. Leo began to stroke himself in readiness for being the next one to breed him, his eyes fixed on Brendan's face as the Omega shivered through another orgasm with a slack jaw and glassy eyes.
, he pushed through the bond,
"Good... Getting closer," the Alpha growled as the nursing Omega grunted and tried to rut needily. Sherlock's breathing was sharp and shallow, his pupils blown wide as he began to move his hand once more, licking his lips as he did so.
Sherlock inhaled at the soft whimpers coming from his mate, tearing his eyes away from the scene for a moment to look down at John. He had ordered his mate to hush, and the Omega was not being - could not be - obedient. But not a growl or a reprimand escaped the Alpha's lips. Instead, he tapped a button on the remote the Beta had left behind; the vibrations diminished in intensity immediately. Even in the presence of another Omega in heat, he could not ignore the desperation of his bonded partner. "Shhh," he reminded him lowly, beginning to massage John's scalp.
If Sherlock had had enough of his mind about him to consider technology, he would have thought to snap a photo of John with their pups, the litter cozy against him and against one another, the entire family sleeping soundly and contentedly. There would be all the time in the world for pictures later, however. As soon as the smell of heat began to creep into the Omega's scent, the Alpha began to remove the pups from the bed, gently scenting each one before he put them in their colour-coded cot. He could feel the tug to return to his mewling mate, to mount and knot him as soon as he could, but the instinct to care for his offspring was just as strong. He made sure each baby was carefully swaddled in a clean, matching blanket before he lay them down, and soon enough, thirteen colourful bundles rested in thirteen cots around the bed, the sounds of sleeping babies breathing inaudible over the moans of the needy Omega on the mattress.
, Molly," John chided softly. "You deserve it. You don't look at yourself enough, you don't think you could ever
what is left of my bloodline - I'll take your mutt bitch as my own and raise the pups of
Still latched on to John's nipple, Sherlock looked up at his mate, his eyebrows raised in surprise and anticipation. He'd thought they would eventually come to a conclusion to the name issue as a couple, but the soft look in his Omega's eyes quieted his reservations. The Alpha pulled off gently and rested his chin on his mate's full chest, his gaze giving John permission to speak further.
Porn.
for me. Obeying is lovely but not always terribly interesting." He straightened and aligned himself with John's entrance, moaning a little as he felt the tip of his cock slicken immediately with John's fluids. "I'm going to own you," he assured him, "I'm going to make you take it, remind you of your place." He snapped his hips forward and drove in roughly with a low grunt, coming to his hands and knees over the pliant Omega.
Sherlock groaned, suddenly finding his own hand at his cock. His balls were swelling slowly, filling heavily with potent seed. He panted, squirming and shifting in his chair. The Alpha let out a low moan. The Omega on the stand wailed in desperation and pleasure, and Sherlock began to massage himself, cupping and toying with his balls as best he could, the massive length of his cock jutting out thickly from him.
Omega." He bared just a hint of teeth, reaching his hand across the table to pointedly take John's in his own, keeping his gaze unwaveringly fixed on the man.
He wriggled a little, feeling shameful that he was the one to break the bubble of hazy intimacy, but hoping that bringing their pups into the bathroom with them and lazing around in the warm water again would redeem him, and kissed apologetically along Sherlock's jaw with a soft whine, as if to say
cock until you flood me with your seed... We could have such brilliant pups, Sherlock. Think about it. You have, haven't you? You've imagined breeding me in the past... forcing that
tempting to take his mate to such a place - John was an impressive specimen, and the inside connections he could bring Sherlock to some of London's most powerful would be invaluable to the detective's work.
John moaned wantonly as he felt Sherlock's come fill him up, the sensation extending his orgasm as he rocked desperately on his mate. When they were both spent he panted lightly, cradling his Alpha's head as he nursed, crooning gently as his milk was drained. When he was empty he dipped his head, cleaning his Alpha's face gently with his tongue, lapping up his own milk. The scent of sex and gravidity was thick in the air, Sherlock's claim incredibly obvious on John even as fresh semen leaked out of the Omega's abused hole. John slowly lifted himself off his mate, lying beside him, curled into his side, his round belly resting on his mate, his lips still red and swollen from the rough claiming, bitemarks blooming across his neck and chest, stained with milk and seed, utterly debauched. He rubbed his bump proudly at the thought that the strong Alpha who'd done all of that to him had fucked so many pups into him. "When you let me up, I think I'll run a bath," he mumbled quietly, feeling a little worse for wear after Sherlock's almost brutal reclaiming, not complaining because it was exactly what he had wanted and needed. "Mrs Hudson won't be pleased if we leave all this mess here either," he chuckled, gesturing to the mix of cream and come painting the sofa. He didn't even want to think about the bed.
Before the conversation could go any further Catherine emerged, holding a flailing and obviously displeased Enora. "She wants you," the Omega murmured apologetically, handing the baby to Sherlock. The pup calmed immediately and reached out for her father, trying to burrow into his neck. John could sense that the rest of the pups were growing fussy as well, but before he made his excuses to go to the nest Victor spoke up.
" Sherlock shouted at the cry, the Alpha nearly starting forward, his eyes wide with anguish at being unable to aid his mate. He suddenly roared in frustration and brought his knee down on another few ribs, causing the Omega below him to give a gurgling howl.
As John thought of leaving, and Sherlock began reminding the other adults of the pups' needs, the babies immediately began to sniffle and whine unhappily. In the last eight months, both parents had been absent at once no more than two or three times, and never for very long. This time they'd be away perhaps until the early morning, and the pups could sense the impending change; some began to cry, others made noises of displeasure, and one or two even began to wail, flopping over onto their sides as they clung to their parents' knees.
, John sighed through the bond, tangling his fingers in the Alpha's dark curls as his legs wobbled a little more; he felt as if he would slump against his husband at any moment, almost breathless from the intensity of their kiss.
, your tongue..." he managed, "
, he murmured,
Sherlock reached out a hand to pet his Omega, purring as John melted into the touch and rubbed his head, cat-like, against the hand. "Mine," he declared, placing two fingers underneath John's chin and tilting the Omega's head up to look at him.
"That's true," John replied softly, looking very pleased with the idea of being so obviously pregnant - why had it bothered him before? - "but I think you should do it. The name
Sherlock paid the Beta's amorous expressions no mind, barely noticing them before dismissing them from his thoughts as if waving away a wisp of smoke. The servant wasn't competition or companion, and could not be used for the sorts of pleasure Sherlock sought; in short, he was utterly uninteresting aside from his usefulness as a waiter. Stroking his groaning, trembling mate's hair, he flipped idly through the discreet black binder that seemed to be a fixture in every room.
, Sherlock, I
"I have nothing of interest on at the moment," the Alpha rumbled, cupping the back of his Omega's neck, "Though perhaps Lestrade will call me with something later in the day. We will walk together, if you wish - as long as you promise to bundle up well against the weather." He knew John always took care of himself, but his more protective instincts wanted to make sure there would be no chance of his Omega falling ill, or of his children being exposed to the low temperatures. With the recent cold snap, he'd taken to fussing over John's attire whenever they left the flat: tucking in scarves, pulling zippers a little higher, and sleeves a little lower so there was no gap between fabric and glove.
He moaned into his mate's mouth, feeling his arousal building along with his Omega's, their bond tying them together, causing them each to feel the other's desire.
Arthur grunted unhappily at first. The plump baby cracked open one sleepy eye to determine the cause of his disturbance. At the sight of his screaming brother, Arthur sighed dutifully. Quietly, slowly, and without a care for Felix's flailing fists and legs, he rolled over, flopping gently onto his brother before putting his arms around him, pulling him close, and drifting off to sleep.
He snapped his head to look at Sherlock, who was regarding him enquiringly. "Sorry, what was that? I was miles away," he grinned apologetically.
There was a loud clang as metal hit metal once more, with a force unprecedented. Unprepared for the block, the older Alpha roared in rage and shock. His blade vibrated down to the very hilt, weakening the strong grip of the elder. Following through the strike, Mycroft's sword easily knocked the weapon from his opponent's hand. Siger's blade skittered across the marble floor with a weak clatter, coming to rest at his youngest son's knees.
." He took a moment to suckle at John's scent, his tongue laving sensually over the flesh, "Or, if you can be a good, quiet Omega, I'll allow you to come in your trousers- right here."
Sherlock purred in return, settling down with their youngest beside his mate. Enora's cries quieted as soon as a bottle was presented to her, her tiny lips latching on around the nipple as she began to suckle eagerly. The Alpha purred and licked his mate's cheek, watching John nurse. The couple was still completely nude, but there was no shame amongst pack members. Even Mrs Hudson felt no embarrassment in their presence; they were an Alpha and Omega in their natural state, she well understood. As a Beta, the landlady never thought she'd be allowed to so much as see the inside of the nest, much less be given the privilege of supporting John with the pack, nursing the pups at such an impressionable stage.
he instructed gently though the bond,
Something in Sherlock's eyes darkened even further. He breathed heavily through his nostrils, his purring like a low, sustained growl. "You like that?" he rumbled, tearing his eyes away from the scene to look at John.
John purred softly,
When the ache in his breasts had subsided he stopped milking them and went back to rubbing his belly, sighing in bliss as his Alpha fucked him. "Yes, I love this! I'll get so big for you... Let you feed me as I lie there swelling with your pups until I can barely roll over... I'll need help to even walk in just a few months you've put so many pups in me... Ohhh... Everyone will be so jealous when they see my enormous belly, they'll know I must have an incredibly virile Alpha... Mmmm.... The pups will start moving soon, you'll be able to feel your brood kicking and rolling in me," he mewled lustfully, a wide smile painting his lips as he cupped and rubbed his round bump. "Ohhh, my Alpha... Need your knot, please, knot me... Love you, need you, need your knot... Want to feel it stretching me, so large and pulsing, holding you in me... Yours, your Omega... Need your knot," he begged desperately, attempting to wrap his legs around Sherlock to hold him closer, reaching up to stroke his Alpha's chest, smiling up at him, blissed out on the feeling of pleasing his Alpha. "Knot me, Sherlock... Please," he whispered, pressing himself as close as possible to his mate, his breathing hitching as he was fucked.
he managed shakily, his overwhelming joy at the way his mate had so lovingly re-gifted him the collar slipping through the bond as he clung to Sherlock, whimpering and nuzzling him needily in his gratitude.
More than pleasantly surprised, the Alpha let his legs fall open wider with a low groan, John's attentions encouraging his cock to harden by the second. "Didn't say... doesn't matter...," he moaned, his eyes fixed on the obscene picture in front of him. John was growing too big for his position, his thighs spread to accommodate the heavy mass of his middle, his belly hanging nearly to the sheets. The Omega's breasts were once again nearly filled to their limit with milk after hours of inattention, the nipples plump and dusky and erect, begging to be nursed from. He watched as John's tongue darted out again from between his flushed lips, and greedily licked a long stripe up the length of his cock.
John kicked out as best he could with his legs, trying to drive the other Omega away. The touch on his belly was making him feel sick and he didn't know how much longer he could fight the urge to scream for his mate. He knew he might have heard some of what transpired at the pool, but hearing his Alpha's voice saying those things to another Omega still stung a little. He sent another strong wave of fear and distress through the bond, urging Sherlock to hurry up. "You still haven't realised, have you?" John smiled, forcing his expression to remain easy and light. "It's not just the pups - it's me.
he asked quietly, his confidence diminishing as John slid against him, suddenly feeling very unworthy. It hadn't even been a day since the incident - he hadn't even been the last one inside his Omega.
John purred happily as his Alpha tended to him, stroking his enormous bump protectively. When he was clean he blinked and reached for the cloth, cleaning Sherlock as best he could albeit a little clumsily, since his big belly prevented him getting too close without twisting sideways. When he was satisfied that he'd done his duty and tended to his mate he dropped the cloth and sat back on his heels, lifting his hands to be helped out of the tub, blinking up at Sherlock expectantly, like a child asking to be carried. He mewled a little in protest as Sherlock chuckled at him but purred again as he was helped out of the tub and dried off, led gently by the hand back to the nest and curled up in a chair while Sherlock changed the sheets. When the Alpha had finished putting fresh sheets on the bed John hauled himself out of the chair, using the high arms as leverage, and tottered over to it, allowing his mate to ease him onto it. He sighed contentedly and snuggled into it, lying on his side, his enormous belly pushed out proudly in front of him. His eyes fluttered shut, already being overtaken by sleep; he was pretty sure they'd never had that much sex in one morning before and it had tired him out. "Can you... can you be inside me while I sleep?" John huffed enquiringly, making soft little grunts of happiness as he burrowed into the bedding.
John reminded him solemnly,
. Captain John Watson would have stood his ground and fought - and he'd have won easily - but now he was just Sherlock's pregnant Omega and the decision to stand behind Sherlock and rely on him for protection had been instinctual and absolute. Everything had changed, and he wouldn't change it back for the world, but he was more than a little overwhelmed by what he was feeling, able to let himself feel because his Alpha had knotted and claimed him. Now that the sex frenzy had passed his lips were beginning to sting where they bled, which added a little extra pain to his weeping, kissing his Alpha's neck sweetly and tenderly. "Sher.... Sherlock... I was so scared... for the pups," he sobbed, "I didn't even know what to do except move behind you. I was a Captain in the army, if that had been a battle I'd have been killed, why couldn't I think of what to do, how to fight? Why did I run?" he choked out brokenly, feeling like a coward, he'd moved out of the way to let someone else defend him and their pups.
Mycroft cleared his throat and waited for Sherlock to open one bleary eye to glare at him before speaking. "Our mother is waiting in the lounge along with our half-brother and his mother," he said gently. "Detective Inspector Lestrade should be here in ten minutes or so - shall we wait in the lounge or would you prefer to have us here in the nest to reaffirm the pack ties before adding a new member?"
"As you wish," Sherlock breathed against the Omega's skin. He dragged his teeth over John's scent gland, the taste of his mate filling his mouth, the possessive action triggering his release. His body naturally desired to reclaim his partner, to ensure John smelled of him and only him, and that everyone knew it. Sherlock shuddered and groaned as he came, the pleasure trigging a wash of emotions that he could not file away all at once. His hips and hands continued their work while his mind went offline in ecstasy. As he came back, still thrusting into his mate, the feelings were neatly filed away one by one, leaving Sherlock free to concentrate on his wife's climax.
of them. I have to account for all of them," Sherlock said firmly, his tone threatening a growl.
It naturally woke excitement and pleasure in him, which he immediately tried to subdue, his blossoming shame helping in the endeavour. Lifting his eyes to his mate and pulling back, he gave John a weak, apologetic smile.
"Yes, Sir," John whispered pleadingly, "I want to be a good, obedient Omega for you. I want to be your bitch, your
Sherlock fucked John harder, faster, groaning as the Omega orgasmed and contracted around him. He kept up his rhythm, his hand not leaving John's oversensitive cock, hoping to wring a second orgasm from his mate even as he was hurtling closer and closer to his own. "They'll all know you're mine, they'll want you, but they can never have you- Only mine- Always-" he nipped at John's neck, nudging the Omega's head back so he could kiss him fiercely again, John's feet no longer on the floor. He wanted the Omega to come again this way, while he was kissing him, and wouldn't let his mate turn his head or hide his face. "Mine," he growled into John's mouth.
Sherlock smirked to see how well the aphrodisiac was working; he continued touching his mate, massaging his hypersensitive skin.
The last one slipped out without John intending it to, but it was too late; he had begun to slide back into his Omega, to become incoherent with want as he ached for his mate.
Brendan mewed desperately, the scents of his pack sending his heat hormones through the roof. As he was not bonded to any of them, he would continue to smell ripe until the next Alpha came to service him; already he had dropped an egg for Leo, and the coffee-skinned Alpha growled in appreciation as he lined himself up and pushed in. "Fuck, my knot's already pulsing," he gasped, snapping his hips.
Sherlock tried to breathe deeply, the storm behind his eyes not quite receding. "I don't know if I can promise that," he said honestly, something dangerous lurking in his voice. "You will have to call them ahead - make sure they know that we won't want it under any circumstances, that they do not so much as hint at such things in front of me. I have thirteen children to protect, John. I cannot guarantee I can hold against my instincts in a scenario where it is even suggested that even one of them should not survive."
Sherlock lifted the chubby, squalling child proudly. "My, you're a big one aren't you?" he cooed as he set about cleaning him, making efficient work of the process. A quick towelling off revealed a full head of blond curls. "Best of both worlds, hmm?" the detective hummed fondly, giving his wailing son a sweet, soft kiss on the cheek. The pup stopped his crying almost immediately. "That's a good little lad, Percival," Sherlock cooed, grinning from ear to ear. Percival opened his eyes and Sherlock's heart leapt in his chest, seeing that they were the exact shape and colour of John's.
As soon as he gathered himself, he pushed himself up, giving a grunt to dismiss the servant to be cleaned up before launching himself at his mate, licking and kissing and growling, smearing his semen roughly all over John's fecund body.
He made soft noises as he suckled, milk dribbling down his chin as the Omega's body sensed his need and produced more for him. The Alpha's belly began to distend as he nursed. Their bond soothed him, mind and body alike. Nausea, irritability, and any urge to posture fell away as John's praises comforted and coaxed Sherlock into his child's mind.
Sherlock was already so full from Mrs Hudson's dinner, but he couldn't help but want to taste his Omega. He carefully pulled out, soothing John's whine of disappointment and need with a promising press of lips to his mate's shoulder. He gently rolled the sleeping Omega over to face him, his cock immediately pressing inside John again as soon as he was in the correct position. John's exposed breasts were full and heavy, and jiggled a bit as the Omega settled in. The nipples stood out proudly from the creamy mounds, dusky and red, perfect white beads of milk just beginning to form at the tips, begging the Alpha to suckle and relieve. Sherlock took his time, his tongue teasingly laving around one areola, circling and causing his mate to whine pitifully and rub himself against him. John's small cock pressed hard and eager against his belly and he smirked. The Alpha opened his mouth and lazily encircled the nipple, taking short sips that made the Omega pant and groan in his dreams.
John whimpered and pressed his face into Sherlock's neck. "I'll have to be on birth control until we're sure we can comfortably handle the thirteen we already have...  I'd imagine most if not all of them will want to go to university and that's going to cost up to... holy shit, a hundred and seventeen
John smiled knowingly. "Let me show you," he husked, slipping the bottle of lubricant out from its usual spot between the pillows. He poured some over his breasts and pushed them towards Sherlock. "Work it in between them... get them nice and slick," he instructed, smiling when Sherlock scrambled to obey and began rubbing his breasts with slightly shaky hands. When he was thoroughly slicked he lay back, pulling on Sherlock's hand. "Usually, you'd be straddling my stomach, thrusting between my breasts that way, but we'll have to do it from the other direction... kneel above my head, balance on your hands if you have to, and slide your cock between my breasts," he whispered, pushing them together, his cleavage forming a tight passage for the Alpha to thrust into.
John whimpered and crooned in reply, kissing up Sherlock's jawline, stretching and rubbing himself against Sherlock's chest. "Yes, Sherlock... yours, I'd spread my legs for you any time you asked, want your enormous cock in me, want your knot, want more of your babies, want to give you as many as you want..." he whispered submissively, his fluctuating pregnancy hormones coupled with the volume of his Alpha's come he'd consumed causing him to experience something of a mini-heat, his brain fogged by the urge to be submissive and pliant but without the excess lubrication and heightened scent that would trigger a knot. All John knew was that he wanted Sherlock inside him constantly, had to please his Alpha. He hummed happily at being filled and bared his neck for Sherlock.
"I know you are. I love it when you're Omega, but I love it just as much when I can see
the Omega agreed mindlessly, keening and pressing back against his mate's touch. His scent changed in response to the Alpha's dominance, the way Sherlock was grunting like an animal as he fucked him; notes of pleasure, security, submission, adoration, and more than that,
while I was so pregnant with your litter I couldn't
" John hissed out loud, throwing his head back and grinding down hard on his Alpha's cock, his chest heaving as he began to come with a loud open-mouthed moan, his hole fluttering around Sherlock, milking every last drop of his release. Panting lightly as he returned to his senses, he shifted to press his forehead against his mate's, grinning. "That," he managed, "was fantastic. Happy anniversary, love."
John smirked as he dressed himself, choosing a simple fitted maternity t-shirt and tracksuit bottoms to allow the tailor to measure him properly, praying fervently that the man was a Beta or another Omega, knowing Sherlock would never allow another Alpha to touch him, let alone measure him for clothes. He made them both some tea while they waited and looked up with mild interest when the doorbell rang, smiling as Sherlock bounded downstairs to answer it, clearly intent on judging whether the visitor was worthy of admission. He greeted the man politely when Sherlock eventually deigned to let him up the stairs and sat in his armchair nibbling a biscuit, indicating to Sherlock that he should go first; he thought Sherlock would be less agitated by the stranger touching him if Sherlock got used to the man's scent and touch first. He sat back observing, smiling softly as Sherlock fussed and wriggled like a small child. When it was his turn John stood in the centre of the room. "February wedding, is it?" the man asked briskly, looking John over carefully. "When are you due?"
Sherlock moaned around John's navel, before suckling particularly hard and laving his tongue around the nub. "Such a good Omega, always begging for me to mark you, desperate for my claim on your skin." He growled low as he tried to keep his rhythm, feeling himself building closer and closer to his release. "Want you to come like this," he panted, "My cock between your tits, my mouth fucking your sensitive little belly button. In just a few months you'll forget what this was like, being able to lie on your back, having a coherent thought besides sleep or sex or food. You'll be an animal, mewling for me to take care of your every need, your gigantic belly constantly heaving and rolling with the pups I've fucked into you-" The Alpha grit his teeth, on the edge of his own climax.
he blinked, then a corner of his mouth quirked upward in amusement.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at his mate's actions and sudden protectiveness of the child, his nostrils flaring as he caught the distinct scent of Omega - but it wasn't John's scent, it was... oh. His eyes dropped to the smaller baby and he moved closer. The Alpha hadn't had the time to scent their most recent additions; he'd been surprised to see his mate still pushing as soon as the first was out, the second sliding into his hands hardly a few minutes later. He'd brought the girls up to his mate as soon as they were clean. Now, he brought his nose to the smaller baby John held against him.
John nodded solemnly. "Of course. I'll need to make some arrangements for the babies, but I can do that while he's having his scan." He rubbed Sherlock's back a little more, whispering to him soothingly;
Lestrade broke into an enormous grin. He collected himself quickly at the pack leader's  formal posture and gave a small, awkward bow. He had not grown up in a pack, so formalities were a completely unknown territory unless they were prompted by instinct. "Thanks," he breathed in elation and relief, "Thank you so much, Mycroft-"
Obediently, John rolled onto his back, propping himself up on his elbows so he could watch. He gazed adoringly at his mate as the Alpha held the suction cups in place and switched the pump on, mewling and throwing his head back as he felt the action of the pump suck his nipples, drawing out his milk in wet spurts.
full?"
John moved the scanner wand across his belly slowly, pointing out each little ball to Sherlock, counting them. Thirteen little babies, just shapeless blobs at the moment, but soon they'd develop heads and arms and legs and in just another six weeks they'd be developed enough to tell the sex. "They've all got good strong attachments, by the looks of it, and they're pretty well spaced, nobody is going to crowd anyone else
John clung to Sherlock's shirt as he spoke to Lestrade, none of the words sinking in, having dropped entirely into Omega mode out of instinct. He whined and nuzzled his Alpha a little more, vaguely registering that someone had said his name and squeaking softly in reply. He pressed as close as possible to Sherlock as he was led out of Scotland Yard, clinging to his arm and wriggling closer to him in the cab, pressing his face into him, inhaling his scent deeply and encouraging his Alpha's hands to cup and stroke his bump. The ride home seemed interminably long and the second the cab rolled to a stop outside Baker Street John was tugging at Sherlock to get him up the stairs faster, not caring about mundane things like
Sherlock fingered the collar. The weighty metal tags glinted softly in the low light of the room. "Twins," he murmured automatically. John only had so many eggs left; they needed to draw out his fertile years for as long as possible. Truthfully, he had no clue exactly how many eggs the Omega still carried - they would need tests done for such information. But twins now meant leaving more remaining eggs for later.
Sherlock breathed, instantly knotting his mate at the next thrust. He held tight to him as they both cried out, the base of his enormous cock swelling large, coupling them together. The Alpha panted heavily as he recovered from the sudden high; John's need for reassurance had triggered his knot swiftly - unambiguous, definitive proof of his promise.
," each time, before beaming at them both again, looking somewhere between joy and worry, happy tears beading in her eyes. "But you look six months along with one!" she scolded, "How long have you been keeping this a secret? I swear I saw you just the other day and you looked perfectly fine, not a change in sight!"  "Just a few weeks," the Alpha answered, "We've been able to keep it hidden under most of his clothing until now, but just yesterday he had quite the growth spurt... We wished to wait to tell everyone until the evidence of the pregnancy was visible." The landlady smiled in understanding. "You are allowed to touch my Omega, if he chooses to give you permission," Sherlock said gently, kissing Mrs Hudson's cheek and putting a hand on her shoulder, "Though if he agrees, I would ask that you make certain it is still fine with me on later occasions. I am not sure how I may react in the future, especially as he draws close to his due date."
Technically, yes," he hummed, "My mother is responsible for myself and my elder brother Mycroft, our pack leader. And my sire's second mate, Catherine, has a son named Remington who is nearing university age. But there are no young pups besides our own thirteen and the three on the way."
, his instinct supplied,
as an Alpha, felt that if he was 'just another pack member' that somehow reflected badly on his Alpha status. I have no idea why. The measure of an Alpha isn't how many people they control - it's how happy their mate is, how well their pups are provided for, how they treat others."
With a few more erratic, frantic thrusts, Sherlock followed him over the edge with a primal bellow, rutting and working John's cock until they were both moaning with oversensitivity. Sated and exhausted, the Alpha weakly rolled off his mate and flopped on the bed next to him. He wrapped his long limbs around the Omega and gathered him close, the rumblings of a low, sustained purr growing louder in his chest. Lapping the sweat lovingly from his mate's jaw, he took a moment to press a smiling kiss to the skin. "That," he hummed, finally able to manage a few words, "was incredible."
he growled.
"Yes," Sherlock breathed, kissing his mate's neck, his jaw, his cheek. He shifted his Omega's body, helping John turn to lie on his side, the full girth of his belly supported by the nest. "Safe," he intoned, tugging the warm cocoon of blankets over their naked bodies, pressing himself up against his mate's back. His erection pressed hotly between John's legs; he only had to cant his hips backwards a little before his cock was breaching his mate's wet entrance. He gasped as John's tight heat engulfed him, the Omega's internal muscles clenching eagerly around his enormous member, already attempting to milk his pleasure.
"Mmh, John-," Sherlock panted, working John's cock to amplify the Omega's pleasure. His pupils dilated further as he felt John's stomach expand, his own enormous member still pulsing inside his mate with little sign of slowing. The Alpha groaned deeply, rocking his hips even as his knot locked them together, John's middle pressing firmly against his hand. "Going to give you everything," he affirmed, shaking as another, smaller climax made his nerves crackle and light with ecstasy. "God- you're incredible," he gasped. "Love you so much- John- Love you- Mine-" He found John's lips and kissed another whine from them, beginning to smile. When he pulled back, he laughed in bliss, and lunged forward to pepper John's face, neck, and chest with giggly, breathless, passionate kisses.
"Delicious," he complimented Sherlock, his breathing heavy and harsh. "You must be pleased to have such a willing little slut. And you, Ms Howard," he added, inclining his head towards the blonde Alpha fucking her birthing Omega. "She's right on the edge, isn't she?"
Sherlock granted the Omega's request eagerly. He wanted to show his mate his power, his strength, wanted to awe him and earn more of his praise and fawning. The rumbling growl that vibrated from his chest resounded throughout the nest, shaking the windows and doubling in volume as it echoed back to them. Downstairs, the Omegas and Mrs Hudson gasped at the sound, Beatrice's surprise immediately breaking into beaming pride in her son. Sherlock took his mate harder, his heart beating faster, baring his teeth and snarling in feral triumph at the writhing Omega beneath him.
, he practically cried in frustration, for once saying what he wanted.
He could feel a burst of eagerness from his mate, spurring him onward. He increased his pace to harder than before, so close to the edge, his half-swollen knot now filling John's mouth more and more with each passing moment. He swore, the bed creaking furiously with their motions. The sight of the Onega underneath him, hands sensually caressing the full globe of his belly, breasts leaking and bouncing, mouth dripping and stretched wide around his cock, had him coming within minutes. With a roaring cry, he thrust deep and felt his knot inflate, growing rapidly, filling all the available space in the Omega's ready mouth.
"Oh, girls," Catherine tutted softly. At a pleading look from Sherlock, she opened her shirt with practiced ease, revealing two plump and leaking breasts for the unhappy pups to suckle on. She picked up the squalling babies and held them to her chest, and soon all was quiet except for the sounds of cooing and contented feeding.
"Dearly beloved..," the registrar began. Sherlock gave John's hands a gentle squeeze, the Omega's gaze cast shyly downwards.
The redheaded Omega let out a louder, almost animal moan, her straining womb contracting tight. Her belly had clearly dropped, and her breathing was becoming more laboured as she rubbed and cupped the underside of it desperately, torn between pleasure and preparing to whelp. Her Alpha thrust deep again and again, taking the pleasure of being fully inside her mate while there was still time. "Going to be magnificent..," the Alpha grunted, her knot beginning to swell, "Christ... She's so responsive already... Imagine when things
" he finished with a growl, thrusting minutely into his Omega's mouth. Unlike the younger Alpha he wasn't chasing his pleasure; over years of attending the club he had learned to appreciate the merits of allowing his Omega to bring him to his peak by suckling on his prick for as long as it took, even if it was half an hour.
"I came to Sherlock willingly, so you can both shut your mouths," John snapped,
"Alright love, if you're sure," he said, kissing his cheek and making a mental note to order too much food accidentally-on-purpose just in case. "I'll see you at seven." He stood and walked to the door, putting on his jacket and tying his shoes, fighting the Omega side of himself that wanted to stay and please his Alpha, submit to whatever his Alpha wanted. That part of himself wasn't useful, he thought irately. It just wanted to writhe naked on the bed and have its belly rubbed and praised.
"One of your larger jackets," Sherlock suggested, "Your more fitted ones will be growing tight around the middle already, and we don't want to arouse suspicion before we have the chance to reveal the news ourselves." He frowned a little at John's request regarding the pathologist, uncomprehending and slightly hurt. "Why Molly alone?" he asked, his brows knitted in confusion.
Sherlock growled, John's pleasure made obvious by his words and actions. His fantasy had been a little more appealing, to be certain - John contracting tightly around him, crying out as Sherlock's cock kept his passage open despite his body's best attempts to squeeze down - but the Omega's description of the reality was enough. He gripped John by his shoulders, and in one swift move, flipped him onto his back with an animal snarl and began to take him hard and fast.
The Omega whined happily as his Alpha's possessive display, tugging at his wrists to try and get him to move to his front so he could see him. He mewed as Sherlock shifted, nuzzling into him when he moved to sit in front of his chest. John gazed up at him, still lying on his side - the only position his massive bulk would allow - and panted as his hole softened and dilated further. Omega births progressed much more quickly than Beta ones, and John quickly felt the first contraction grip him. He cried out and reached desperately for his Alpha's hand, panting as he rubbed his massive womb, trying to soothe the ache that came with trying to expel thirteen full-size pups. He grunted as the first pup pushed further down into the birth canal, spreading his legs as best he could.
Sherlock stared at the two swords before him, before raising his eyes. He regarded his brother - proud, bleeding, battle-scarred. The young Alpha suddenly felt five years old again, cowering behind Mycroft as their sire raised a hand, his small body shielded by that of his elder sibling's, who once again took the full force of the strike, bearing stoically the brunt of their father's rage. He recalled being eight, clutching painfully at Mycroft's school blazer, his knuckles white as tears streamed from his eyes.
His eyes widened and his heart sank just a little, but only for fear of the future his pup would face because of her secondary gender. The Alpha father would have to keep a close eye on her, to keep away any unwanted suitors or predators, but even so, he would never be able to rest completely until she was bonded to a trustworthy mate. Sherlock hummed lowly and nuzzled the pup, affectionately licking one of her chubby, rosy cheeks. He scented her sister as well, finally looking to his mate and raising a hand to cup John's face. Purring, he pressed a gentle, grateful kiss to his mate's forehead, pushing love through their bond.
Sherlock hissed as John pulled off his oversensitive cock. As the Omega lay down beside him, he pulled him closer, draping an arm over his shoulder and resting one hand over his mate's full belly, pleased, content, and utterly well-fucked. He hummed into John's hair as the Omega spoke. "I'll help you there and run it for you - you should rest," he murmured, "I can clean up while you soak - or afterwards, if you want me with you." He kept his mate in his embrace for a while longer, at intervals nuzzling into his hair or lapping the milk and sweat gently off his face. His fingers idly smeared the mess around John's belly, making the swell glisten, then trailed along his side and down the curve of his spine to his abused hole, tracing around the swollen flesh almost apologetically. "You're gorgeous," he breathed as John gave a soft moan, "And very, very forgiven."
Beatrice gets a boyfriend
"Sherlock," he whimpered again, barely audible. He couldn't walk out of the restaurant like this, but if Sherlock got him off they might be caught. "Can't we... couldn't we just wait a few minutes? It... oh, god," he moaned softly, Sherlock's scent pervading everything. There was no way his arousal would dissipate with Sherlock looking at him like that, lapping at his scent gland and rubbing his exposed navel. "Please... I'll be quiet. I'll be good," he promised, his eyes desperate and pleading, trembling under Sherlock's touch, putty in his hands. He was pretty certain that if Sherlock ordered him to strip and lie on the table with his legs spread, he'd almost do it.
At eight months and two days pregnant, he couldn't come out of his Omega when Sherlock asked him to, and whined unhappily at the feeling he was disappointing his mate. They had realised they would reach a point where John wouldn't be able to come out of his Omega even if ordered, so had switched to requests as time went on, to stop John having a breakdown at disobeying a direct order. He gazed at his Alpha with big, trusting eyes, begging silently through their bond for forgiveness and approval, breath hitching slightly as the machine fucked him gently and the pumps rhythmically milked him. He whined and craned his neck, trying to nuzzle his Alpha, utterly in his Omega, incapable of speech.
John pressed close to Sherlock in the cab, trying to climb into his lap, rubbing against him insistently, mewling for skin-on-skin contact, to be knotted. The pups were kicking in his belly, sensitive to the danger that had just passed, and he wanted his Alpha's touch to calm them. He would never quite remember how they got back to the nest from the Landau, but later he would recall the way his mate undressed him and held him; desperate, needy, relieved. "Please," John breathed, wriggling in his arms, "please, you, safe. Knot."
"Ooh, yes," Mrs Hudson piped up, apparently delighted with the idea. "I'll go first!" John watched fondly as she made her way to the fireplace, where everyone could see her. Mycroft and Sherlock seated themselves amiably, Sherlock pressed next to John on their sofa, while the Beta began acting out clues for
Back in the kitchen, Sherlock set down his fork and knife, feeling his pulse quicken he made his way towards the other room. It would be quite awkward, he thought, wiping his palms on his trousers as he paused before the entrance, if John's surprise was not what he expected it was; his pants were beginning to feel quite uncomfortable, his cock already half erect from simply watching his mate stuff himself. He pushed back the curtain of fabric that tented the nest.
"Yes, we invited them," Sherlock reminded him, feeling his cock stirring in interest as he watched his Omega stuff himself. He made his way through his own breakfast more neatly, carefully cutting bite-sized pieces of egg and sausage, taking his time between each mouthful. By the time he was halfway through, he found himself helping his Omega to another heaping plate with extra beans and the rest of the eggs the Alpha had prepared. Perhaps it was his imagination, but it seemed as if John's belly was beginning to sit rounder and heavier in the Omega's lap, pressing further outward, the flesh seeming to be pulled even more tautly than usual over the gigantic swell. Sherlock swallowed another bite of beans, a blush rising on his cheekbones as he watched John easily polish off the second helping.
Sherlock's hand was paused on his cock in awe as the servant pinched both of John's nipples, sending jets of milk squirting strongly from them before latching onto one and suckling vigorously. He rubbed John's belly greedily, the feeling of it seeming to give him even more pleasure than the frantic nursing that was making his stomach swell and slosh with thick, rich milk.
Mycroft relaxed visibly when Sherlock entered the room and slipped away discreetly after acknowledging his brother. He knew they would scent each other, would probably want to have sex, and he didn't much want to listen. He left a note for them, informing them how to summon one of his cars for a secure lift home, and went back to running the country.
. Beatrice was almost always more than glad to do anything for her son, but as lazy as the Alpha had a tendency to be, Sherlock tried hard not to take advantage.
"Sorry, Sir. Please, Sir," John whined, eagerly accepting the semen-covered finger his mate offered him, sighing in contentment when Sherlock latched on and began draining the last of his milk. He carded a hand through the soft curls, idly hoping that a good number of the babies inherited Sherlock's hair. "Mmm, my Alpha. Taking such good care of me... love pleasing you," he huffed softly. "Love it when you take care of me. Love serving you," he purred, nuzzling his mate's cheek when he was finished nursing. "Please, Sir... may I bathe?" he asked gently, feeling sticky and sweaty, but perfectly willing to stay that way if that's how his Alpha wanted him.
Sherlock hummed, turning his head to nuzzle at John's cheek until he could see his face again. He peppered the Omega's neck and jaw with slow, sensual kisses that left behind purpling marks, and carefully increased the pace of his rhythm; he didn't want to force anything, didn't want to tip John over the edge in one glorious spike of ecstasy. He wanted to make love to him slowly, give him the kind of orgasm that built in gentle waves until one was pulled under, back arching and toes curling pleasantly, arms tightening around their lover. John's request required a little adjustment to satisfy, but it was small matter to Sherlock; he continued to build his rhythm, just a little faster just a little more firm, angling his hips so his cock slid continuously along the Omega's prostate as he found John's lips again and dragged him under into another kiss.
He ate the other Omega out with gusto, attempts at delicacy gradually losing ground to lust. His tongue probed deep, drawing more raw, more needy sounds from John with each circle and thrust, the other Omega's juices dripping down his chin. He worked the sensitive spot with care, paying perfect attention to what made John arch and moan, what drove him wild. Sherlock began to touch his own cock to the sight. "Work him well, but don't come like this," he growled. "I want more face-to-face when you're satisfied - more kissing, more rubbing, more arousal and sensuality. You'll both be even more needy by that time...," he smirked, then moaned softly.
, he whined softly,
John looked at him with big, trusting eyes, soaking up the praise. "So full," he breathed in wonder. "You filled me with so much... such a strong Alpha," he breathed, giving a breathy moan as it began to seep back out of him, pooling between his cheeks and dripping down the backs of his thighs. "I think... I think I've still got some milk left," he mewled quietly, wriggling closer to his Alpha's touch. "Need to finish being milked. Please." The sheer volume of Sherlock's seed inside him, the sensation of having pleased his Alpha, and his mate's gentle touches rendered him fully Omega and incapable of operating anything so complicated himself.
Later that afternoon they found themselves having a coffee, three large bags of nesting material at their feet. John had requested a break and a sit down before they looked at furniture and found himself unconsciously stroking some of the blankets they'd bought. He was particularly happy about the large woollen red tartan picnic blanket they'd found, which sat on top of the others; a forest-green eiderdown, a child's camouflage duvet cover set (it reminded John of the army), a large white tablecloth in a cotton/linen mix that reminded John of lab coats, and several large rolls of patterned fabrics from a haberdashery department (red crosses on a white background, a black fabric with a skull print, an earthy brown, and one that even John couldn't rationalise that was bright green with large fluffy sheep dotted across it). John sipped his coffee and looked across at his Alpha. "Just the beds to get, then... And I've got my first proper prenatal appointment tomorrow," he smiled shyly. He'd just got the confirmation by text.
Sherlock sunk deep into John over and over again, the renewed action on stage drawing his attention back to the show. He licked his lips, hardly able to imagine the number of pups the writhing Omega had conceived so far, only to be stuffed with more. His own knot began to swell further as Anthony worked his way towards release, and he nipped at John's neck, growling lowly, his body pressed flush against his mate's. He panted harder, his thrusts increasing in speed. "Come for me," he growled, his knot now too swollen to pull out. "I want to feel you, hear you. Loudly, now."  He gasped and groaned lowly, pushing in as deep as he could as his knot expanded suddenly, his enormous member flooding John with seed. The Alpha shook and trembled, his hand pressed to the lowest swell of the Omega's belly.
he asked curiously,
Miles blinked up at his father thoughtfully, sensing his unease; John felt it too and huffed a small laugh. "You think you weren't good enough?" he slurred happily, his voice lazy with satiation, "Sherlock, love... That was
, Sherlock growled, his massive cock sliding along the curve of John's heavy middle.
"And I think yours first goes better," Sherlock laughed into the kiss, before sobering under the feeling of John's affection and pressing his lips tenderly against his partner's. When he pulled back, there was a look of soft wonder in his eyes. "How you still manage to do this to me every time...," he murmured with reverence, his heart full of love for his mate. He kissed the Omega again, with passion, pulling away gently when both their cheeks were flushed rosy from their shared feelings and sensations.
"Just a living wage will be fine, dear, if you insist," Mrs Hudson was saying, "After all, I've lived all this time getting by on renting Baker Street, and I'll still have that income from you boys." Sherlock nodded, not wanting to tip into too much of an argument with the headstrong Beta. "We'll see - it will be that, at least, but we want to pay you what you deserve. It's not fair of us to ask more of you than we're paying you for." "Oh, Sherlock, being able to look after your little ones will be a pleasure. I wouldn't accept it if I didn't think so. And besides, you're already giving me more than I could ever ask for - I've always wanted to be a grandmother, but I thought I'd never have the chance." The Alpha smiled warmly and kissed the landlady on the cheek. "You'll be the best grandmother our pups could ever ask for. We're so grateful to have you." Mrs Hudson beamed at him happily, her eyes sparkling with tears. She waved away Sherlock's touch, pulling herself together, "Sit down, sit down, dear - let me fetch you something from the fridge. I'm sure John's been too tired to make much of anything lately. I'll have to start sending you boys up meals before you know it - god knows you can't live on takeaway alone."
"Oh fuck," John whimpered needily, Sherlock's words going straight to his cock. "Yes Sherlock, yes, make me beg, beg you to fuck me as I lie there huge and swollen with your litter of thirteen... everyone will know how often I'll be begging for your cock... at this rate I won't even be able to hide the bump for six weeks, you're making me swell and grow with your pups so fast... if you keep suckling from me like that my breasts will grow sooner too and they're much harder to hide," he groaned, blushing a little at the thought. He began to cant his hips gently to rub his small cock against his Alpha's stomach, unbelievably turned on, certain that by now he was so wet Sherlock would feel the fluid begin to drip onto his thighs. "So hungry for my milk, aren't you?" he purred, squeezing his breast for Sherlock again, wanting to beg desperately for his cock right that second but wanting to see Sherlock as mad with need for him as he felt. "You love that you've done this to me... look at me already, only two weeks carrying your enormous brood and already looking four months gone... already making milk just because you wanted it..."
"Only because I wasn't really thinking about it. Subconsciously I was buying in to the traditional prejudice against getting married while pregnant but now... Now I've had time to think about it, I can't think of anything better than marrying you while I'm obviously swollen with your babies. And I don't want to rush something as important as our wedding for the sake of an easily fitting suit. I'm sure if you had your way I'd be waddling down the aisle clutching my best man for support but I'd quite like to
"Like I really,
him. There's just one. little. problem," he finished in a sing-song voice, tapping the other Omega's belly with each word. "You see," Moriarty continued, crossing his arms and resting his head on John's enormous girth, looking up at the other man through his lashes as he traced patterns on his bare skin. "He seems to be a bit hung up about you. Alphas are a bit silly when they're bonded - especially when they've got a few brats on the way. You've been quite a nuisance, Johnny, I'll give you that, but play time's over now. It's time for big daddy Alpha to be done with his little toy." The Omega reached into his pocket, pulling out a vial of clear fluid and a small syringe. He patted a pup as it kicked his hand in distress, "Strong little brats, aren't they? I don't suppose they'll fight nearly as much when they're on the outside, at this age."
John's whole body shook and convulsed as he felt his Alpha come in him,
John crooned softly into the kisses, rubbing his hands up his Alpha's back soothingly. "Yours, Sherlock... My perfect Alpha... So good to me, so protective... Nobody else could have put this many babies in me," he purred. "Shall we go and see your brother now? I rather like the idea of telling him we've bonded with your marks on my neck, my lips bruised with your kisses, still full of your come," he smirked, tilting his face up for more of Sherlock's kisses. "He'll be so jealous... Even more so in six weeks when we show him my bump and he finds out you've filled me with more than a dozen babies... Yours," he moaned weakly as Sherlock slipped out of him.
On the second tier of the trolley there was a decently-sized dildo with a flared base, designed to be stuck to the floor, the servant's choice of toy for John. The doctor felt a pleasant shiver run down his spine at the thought, but he stayed obediently still, not wanting to squirm in excitement in front of the club Omega.
subsided John released the pillow with a groan, panting hard, slowly coming back to himself. As Sherlock gently shifted them to lie on their sides the pressure of the knot forced another small orgasm out of John and he keened, pressing his face into his Alpha's neck as best he could. "Fu- fucking hell, Sherlock," John panted eventually, eyes fluttering. "Just... wow." He turned his head to lap at his mate's jaw, pressing eager, affectionate kisses to his cheeks like a puppy desperately trying to show approval. "You know, I'm starting to think it might not be so bad. Letting you keep me pregnant, I mean. We'd still have a year of full heats after my eggs run out..."
my name to be different, because now my life is different and I've got you and the babies and I'm not the same John Watson anymore and that's... that's brilliant," he smiled softly, stroking Sherlock's hair. "Were you leaning heavily towards one choice or the other?" he checked, nuzzling his mate.
But he had enough of a mind to make it to the shower, growing harder with each successive mew from John.
"Then I did my job perfectly," Sherlock murmured. "I told you, I believed I could never have you - what reason was there for me to act out of false hope? I kept you safe and I kept you close, and I left whenever possible in the face of your heats. The control I had developed in the presence of other Omegas still extended to you, the only difference being that I wanted you. As far as I was concerned, your wetness was simply reactionary in such close proximity to an Alpha, and so I put it out of mind. Your early heats, too, were simply anomalies triggered out of need, the combined factors that you hadn't been satisfied for years by that point and your body understanding there was a potential mate nearby. Bonding was beneath me, yes... but as I said, you were and are the exception. Having this with you," he kissed his mate and stroked John's belly, "having pups with you, could never be boring."
John's fertility, the scent of it wrapping invitingly around him, drawing him in. The Alpha panted and growled, his frustration growing with every thrust. This Omega was
Sherlock turned to where his mate lay on their nest. Something gleamed in his eyes as he smiled at the Omega. Instead of starting towards the mattress, however, he moved towards the wardrobe where they kept the pups' clothing. The Alpha's grin only grew as he quietly removed two more gifts, hidden behind a rainbow stack of summer outfits.
His cries grew in volume until they echoed off the marble walls, filling the bathroom; he was fucking himself vigorously on the toy, the bathwater splashing and spilling over the sides of the tub due to John's huge bulk.
, he willed desperately,
Tears streamed down Sherlock's face as he scooped Iris, plush toy and all, into his free arm. "We can go later today..," he promised, answering the pup as easily as if he were reading her mind, "I promise.. I'll let you see the bees for Christmas..." They'd be hard-pressed to find a bee outdoors this time of year, but Sherlock had been cultivating a few active hives in his lab. He showered his daughters' faces with kisses, neglecting his own meal in favour of the two babies, keeping Imogen cozily close as he whispered about bees to Iris and her toy.
He wriggled and made breathy little squeals of pleasure as Sherlock's tongue laved across his hole, the sensations shooting sparks of pure pleasure through him.
and I were wondering if you we could have the- ah- pleasure of your company in our home tonight." He swallowed hard. "Yes," he answered, his voice jumping higher at John's hand on his balls, his back arching, "Absolutely so. Do you really need a reason to visit your family?" He realized he was panting open-mouthed into the phone as his brother spoke, a suspicion and distaste obvious in the voice coming from the other end of the line. "No... just- just
good to me. He claimed me so well, left such a perfect bondbite... Takes care of me, rubs lotion on my belly, knots me so well when I need it... Provides for me, nests with me, nearly killed another Alpha who tried to take me away... Claims me and puts his scent on me when I need it, milks me when my breasts are full... Such a perfect Alpha, so attentive... Takes care of my pleasure. He loves holding us... Cups my bump, cradles us. He loves us very much... Mmmm. He lets me make my own choices, he never forces me or orders me, even when he doesn't like what I'm doing. So good to me..." he crooned to his pups, smoothing his hands over the swell, loving Sherlock's hands pressing into the sides of his bump, so completely Omega he didn't even notice when the doorbell rang. He pouted a little when Sherlock grunted in irritation and got up to answer it, watching him reluctantly tug a pair of trousers on, carrying a shirt out if the room. He stayed on the bed, still naked, loving being painted with his mate's seed, feeling utterly claimed. He kept stroking the bump, praising Sherlock to his pups.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" John all but screamed, breathy and squirming deliciously on Sherlock's cock, rocking back against the Alpha, loving the dominance and the rough way he was fucking him from behind. "Yours, all yours... oh god... Can you feel my belly swaying under me with every thrust? You've put so many pups in me it already nearly reaches the bed... Ahhh, fuck!" He moaned whorishly as the Alpha fucked him harder, feeling utterly possessed and owned. "Mmm, yes, keep me here, protect me and our pups, guard us... oh fuck... mount me again and again until I'm so full of your seed it gushes out of me when I move!" He panted harder, incredibly turned on, getting closer and closer to orgasm as Sherlock drove his enormous cock into his slick hot hole over and over, feeling more Omega and submissive than he ever had in his life, feeling Sherlock grow more and more Alpha through their bond. "You'd love that, wouldn't you? Keeping me in the nest constantly, fucked and fed, growing and swelling with your children... Only letting others see me when I'm collared and kneeling at your feet, so everyone can see how much I'm yours," he purred, using the traditional image of Omega submission, the kind still practiced by the most conservative couples. "Oh fuck, Sherlock... yes, yes, like that, oh god!" he screamed, reaching his peak and coming hard, clenching around his Alpha. "Touch my belly, Sherlock, the pups are moving, you should be able to feel them this time," he panted.
Sherlock groaned loudly at a sudden realization. "Well," the Alpha admitted, his cheeks blushing a dark, embarrassed red, "If... if Mrs Hudson has been home through any of this, then perhaps we should inform her a bit more formally. If she has not already guessed, we'll need to tell her that we'll be looking for more space soon enough..."
concussed."
... Having the whole pack -
John purred softly. "I don't want to take a pill really, I'd rather leave my body to regulate my hormones naturally. We can stock up on condoms just in case." The pups settled, stretching lazily before stilling, and John smiled, placing his hand on top of his Alpha's. "I love being pregnant," he murmured, "but I think next time I'd like to be able to move for all of it?" He leaned in and kissed his mate's jawline, suckling small marks into his throat, mewling submissively as he began to slide back into his Omega. "Love you," he whispered, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
"Oh god," John moaned weakly, arching his spine, "I can feel them, Sherlock... they're so low, I don't even know if I'll be able to walk through the club without support... Christ, I must be within a day or two at most if they've dropped this low... could even be tonight," he realised with a gasp, suddenly even more excited at the idea of having his Alpha parade him around as he was obviously within hours of birthing a new litter.
Mycroft gave the Omega a nod of grateful acknowledgement, and began to unwrap the paper neatly. "My...," he remarked, a genuine smile spreading across his features as the wrapping fell away. The Alpha lifted the bottle from the paper and held it to the light, turning it admiringly in his hands; the amber liquid within glowed warmly in the light of the flickering fire. "Lovely," he murmured fondly. He turned his attention back to the couple, setting the brandy back on his lap. "Thank you," he said, first to Sherlock as the Alpha, and then to John - a gesture which Sherlock noted with interest. It was not traditional to thank the Omega partner of a bonded pair, but Mycroft held a great respect for John Watson.
way to make sure we'd always be safe. There wasn't another option, if we were going to be safe, Moriarty had to die - and if you hadn't been the one to do it, it would have eaten away at you. This way, you've got closure. Is that what's bothering you? Or is it something more?"
he echoed fuzzily, more through feelings than words. Nothing could have made him feel safer or more loved than to have his Alpha curled up behind him, petting him, firmly impaling him, claiming him. The triplets kicked firmly against their sire's hand, vying for their share of attention.
, Sherlock growled, nipping at the Omega's scent gland at the image of John so heavily pregnant.
The exquisite scene before him, proof of Sherlock's devotion to him and their family and their pack, combined with his pregnancy hormones to leave him quite overwhelmed; before he quite knew what was happening the kiss had broken and his knees had buckled, his heavy bulk supported only by his Alpha's strong arms. John grasped Sherlock's hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze to let him know all was well.
"Perfect," he breathed lasciviously. Gripping the headboard to steady himself, he rubbed teasingly against his Alpha's prick. "Now you can fill me... from both ends." Without further ado he positioned himself over Sherlock's engorged cock and lowered himself onto it in one smooth movement, birthing slick still dripping out of him, and grinned playfully. "Cake, please, Alpha?" he breathed, begging prettily, "want cake please... feed me?"
"Perfect... unusual, but beautiful. Very fitting for a Holmes," John smiled, shivering with pleasure at the thought of Sherlock kissing him again and forcing another egg to attach. "Boys, now... Blake. Everett."
John rubbed his cheek against Sherlock's chest beseechingly. He knew he could get his Alpha to do anything for him when he played up to the
"John, really-" Sherlock began to protest, beginning to come back a bit too much to his regular self, "I'm feeling better. Overnight is hardly reasonable-" The Alpha grunted as Hugo plopped happily down on his chest, splaying his legs and beginning to use his father as a drum. Sherlock obligingly rubbed his son's back with one hand, raising the other to grip the guardrail and sit up when Selena grabbed it gleefully, flopping over and pinning it to the mattress with her chubby body. George curled up in the crook of Sherlock's neck, Lorna and Stewart settled against his stomach, Rupert grabbed his curls as he perched on the pillow above Sherlock's head, and Charlotte quietly sat on his knee and looked at him expectantly, as she always did when she wanted a story.
John stood by the door, unable to move. However much he wanted to go to work, he loved Sherlock more and couldn't stand to see him so agitated. He swallowed nervously. "Sherlock... Please. I... I need your permission," he all but whined, bowing his head, ashamed. "I know you don't want me to go, but I know it's safe, I won't go near anyone with an infectious disease, and it's only for a few hours," he said quietly. "I want to go, but... I need you to be happy more. My Omega won't let me go without your permission," he whispered, blushing red, embarrassed and pleased in equal measure at the strength of his impulses.
"I'm not concussed," Sherlock growled.
John screamed as he came, long and loud, knees buckling. He was only held up by his arms braced on the table and Sherlock's thick cock impaling him, his Alpha's hands keeping a tight grip on his hips as he clawed at the table top, the sensation of his mate's seed filling him sending him spiralling into a second orgasm - or was it a continuation of the first? He couldn't tell, the pleasure was so spiked and muddled. By the time it finished he was almost sobbing, a mess of want and lust and satisfaction, mindless in his need for his Alpha. He tried to stand up, to turn around to burrow into the safety of his mate's chest, and whined in confusion when he couldn't, still full of Sherlock's enormous pulsing member.
Lucy and Miles nursed quickly, barely having to do any work to draw out John's milk; he burped them gently and laid them on top of their father alongside their siblings, scooping up Adam and Viola next and holding them close as they mewed and pressed closer, latched on and suckled happily. John gazed down at them, smiling and purring quietly, both to reassure the pups and to show his mate how happy he was; feeding two babies, two babies with their father's dark curly hair, made him feel fulfilled as an Omega and was a lovely reminder that he was Sherlock's mate, that the Alpha had fathered the litter John was nursing. On the bed, Benedict and Enora burbled happily at each other while Alistair and Blake flexed their tiny fingers, holding hands and dribbling. Arthur was still fussing a little, obviously disappointed by the loss of the marvellous nap he'd been anticipating, so John carefully balanced Viola in the crook of his elbow and reached out to stroke the little Alpha's face gently. "Yes, you were looking forward to a nice sleep, weren't you sweetheart? Don't you worry, we'll have a nice bath with all your brothers and sisters and Daddy soon, and that'll be even better, and then you'll get your nap after, I promise." At John's touch the baby stilled, cooing softly and pressing into his mother's warm hand; by the time John had stopped talking, Arthur was trying to purr and waving his arms in apparent enthusiasm for the new plan.
"I like it, but I think you're right. The location is wrong, and it feels a bit too... posh, for me. The one from yesterday felt like a home... this is just a house." His breath hitched a little. "That settles it. We've found it, Sherlock... we've found our house," he gasped, suddenly overwhelmed, pregnancy hormones kicking in and making him
Sherlock blinked, daring to look up at his mate through his lashes. He could feel it - how could he not? John was so wet on top of him that his slick was dripping from the Alpha's cock and soaking the sheets below. He could feel John's need, too, oddly contrasting with his mate's serenity; John was still being so mothering - it wasn't exactly encouraging the hesitant Alpha back into the mood.
"Mmm... my Alpha's ready to give me what I need, hey?" John purred playfully. "On your back, gorgeous. I want to ride you," he murmured huskily, "I want to see you. Want you." Sending a pulse of lust and love through their bond, the Omega gently encouraged his mate onto his back and with some difficulty he shifted himself to straddle Sherlock, sinking onto his massive cock. He mewled in pleasure as he felt the Alpha's hands on his plump hips, placing his hands on top of his mate's and clasping them. "I love you," he whispered, gazing down at the detective, "I love you so much, Sherlock. My gorgeous, clever detective. You've always been my Alpha, right from the start."
John mewed prettily at the praise and affection, his hands rubbing over his bulging belly compulsively. He began to pace the room as best he could, making sure to stay where his Alpha could see him from the armchair. The effort soon showed; his breath was coming in shorter huffs and grunts, his knees bowing just a little, one hand pressed to his spine to support his back. No sign of discomfort entered his scent, but the weight of his belly could not have been more obvious.
"Good boy," John purred gently, leaving him with a soft kiss on his cheek and striding back to the living room. He sat down briskly, adjusting his dressing gown, and levelled a steely stare at the two Alphas who were squirming uncomfortably, feeling like naughty schoolboys. "Right," he started, "I'm ready to listen to your apologies now."
Sherlock drew John closer, until the Omega's ample form was nearly in his lap. "I do," he rumbled, "You know I do, my Omega." His hands stroked John's low belly reassuringly. "I
"Oh, I'm sorry princess," John soothed, reaching for the wailing pup and lifting her to his breast, cuddling her close. "There now, that's better, isn't it?" Eleanor whimpered and burrowed into his neck, clinging to him and settling with a soft huff. Her brother was settling in Sherlock's arms as well; Alistair had relinquished his grip on his father's arm and was trying to grab the droplets in his fists, cooing and giggling as the water splashed off him. He turned his face up to his father and burbled happily, beaming widely, as if to say look Daddy, this is brilliant!
He remained asleep as Sherlock shifted their position so they were spooning, lying on the bed, groaning softly and trying to say his husband's name. He slept until morning, dreaming of his mate and their pups, the power of speech slowly returning to him as he slept. Shortly before morning, he managed to huff "husband" without waking himself.
"Good evening Mister Holmes," Mr Eastlake said lightly, casually unzipping his trousers and freeing his cock. His Omega gave a delighted breathy little squeal and nuzzled into his erection when he gave her permission, humming contentedly as she sucked him. He stroked her hair as if petting a cat and took his whisky sour from the host. "I don't believe I've seen you here before?"
Sherlock sighed,
when I birth the litter after that... and the one after that... Tell me, my Alpha, how many more pups do you think I can give you?" He leaned in to lick and nuzzle at Sherlock's throat, whining happily as he scented his incredibly virile bondmate.
only going to get bigger- going to grow- swell- because of me- birth my pups- you'll be in labour for an entire
Sherlock laughed at the thought, "Yes," he said, composing himself, "Yes, of course we can wait. But we will have to tell him immediately after we make the announcement - you'll look as if you are carrying triplets by the date we've set, and he will need time to prepare. You'll probably have to have several extra fittings quite close to the day, if we are to get you into something that fits properly. I have a feeling he will be glad to see the back of us by the time we are done." He studied his future wife carefully, "I would have expected you to have chosen the earliest date possible, since you know the difference a mere few weeks will make on your size. You were not amenable to the idea of being married while showing at all, when I first asked you."
By now John's small cock was hard and pulsing and he gripped the sheets to stop himself reaching needily for his mate. He keened loudly as Sherlock kissed his belly, licking his lips and panting, begging through their bond for
John purred and crooned, cuddling his mate closer and stroking his hair, holding him tightly, smiling down at him with adoration in his eyes. The snuffling, quiet suckling noises Sherlock was making grew slower and calmer as the new scent relaxed them both, creating their own little cocoon of love and warmth. John rubbed his mate's back, murmuring to him. "Good boy... Mmm, hungry today, aren't we? That's it darling, nearly finished." The Alpha nursed for another minute before John felt the last of his milk leave him and he swiped a thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone tenderly. "All done, sweetheart," he murmured softly, planting a soft kiss on his forehead.
The milk shot easily from the servant's breasts, the man letting out a long breath of relief as he eagerly squirted the warm liquid onto the other Omega, squeezing his overfull teats desperately and soaking John thoroughly. Liquid ran in opaque white rivulets down John's gravid form, highlighting the fullness of his breasts and belly, making him drip richly with fluid.
"I'll mount you as often as you like," Sherlock purred, "Every time, yes, if you allow it. I love seeing you like that even more than I originally thought. Love how much pleasure you get from being pumped while my cock is in your arse." He nipped and suckled another mark into John's skin. "Mmm, you'll be waddling even before you get that large. You're doing it already, but it will be delicious to see you with your legs nearly bowed under the weight of my pups, your hands at the small of your back just to keep your balance. You'll hardly be able to stand much longer than to walk down the aisle. We'll have to put a chair at the altar for you to rest on, your legs spread underneath your dress to accommodate your gravidity." He hummed in approval at the thought, kissing along John's neck. "You have no idea how sexy it is to me that you'll be so large as to need a dress to cover up because of how full I've made you."
The Omega gave a needy, keening whine and grasped the fork with shaking hands, panting as he shovelled food into his mouth, barely chewing in his haste to clear the plate. Soon he was trembling, his thighs shaking, his panting louder as he neared his limit. "Sherlock... I can't... need it... want to... want to - for you, clear... ngh - I can't... food... please," he moaned stupidly, trying to push back, but kept at the mercy of Sherlock's thrusts by the momentum of his swollen stomach. "Can't... for you, make it - not food - want... want... plate, no... I need... please!" He cried out as the Alpha's thick cock brushed his prostate again, nearly screaming in pleasure every time his mate was fully seated in him, right on the edge, tears beginning to stream from the corners of his eyes as he became ever more incoherent with need.
John swallowed what he could before letting the rest of it spurt across his face, drenching his cheeks, lips and chin. He gazed up at Sherlock lovingly, rubbing his belly against his leg, crooning happily. "My Alpha... So much come... No wonder you gave me thirteen babies," he purred, too dazed to move for tissues.
Alpha, and you are my sweet, perfect Omega." He kept up his rhythm, rolling his hips in smooth but firm thrusts. "It pleases me immensely to see you like this, so...
Last weekend owlish (slowshows) and myself (captaincumberbitch) had a lovely weekend in Lincoln and went sightseeing to all sorts of wonderful places and one visit took us to Tattershall Castle. It's an absolutely gorgeous building owned by the National Trust, a red brick castle with a double moat, and there's an audio guided tour handset you take around with you. It was fascinating to look around and it's so pretty it was even featured on an episode of Don't Tell The Bride (which we happened to catch on TV the day after we'd been!). The castle sometimes welcomes school groups and as we walked in there was a dressing-up rack in the parlour which was adorable.
John let out a high-pitched giggle at the question, nodding and grinning as he caught his breath.
Catherine and Remington carefully took the pups from Mycroft's chest and cuddled them close as the pack leader rose and crossed the room in two strides, sinking onto the sofa and pulling both his mother and brother into a strong embrace with a desperate, low whimper. "You couldn't have known," he whispered shakily into Sherlock's curls, nuzzling him as tenderly as if Sherlock were his own pup even as tears continued to stream down his cheeks, "I made it my business to ensure you wouldn't know. I didn't want to burden you. It's alright now,
he whined petulantly,
knot into my eager little hole... So what will it be? Are you going to give in to fantasy and take me? Or shall I get my boys to help you?" he taunted, rolling onto his back, naked, and fucking himself with three fingers again, moaning a little, his body responding to the strong Alpha and doing everything possible to make him come closer, fuck the Omega through his heat.
, he commanded, hefting his Omega to his feet.
Sherlock gathered John up again and helped him over to the sofa, trying (and failing) not to be too pleased that his worked had evoked such a reaction from his mate. The soft sounds of Christmas music floated through the room as he lay the Omega back against the cushions, and pulled his mate's favorite fur throw snugly over John's shoulders. Sparkling tears fell from his own eyes at his partner's praise and love.
Sherlock nodded in agreement. He, Mycroft, and their mother had been the only members of Siger's pack - until Catherine and then Remington, which only added to the collective misery of the group. Sherlock's childhood had been lonely - with no other pack bonds, he'd only felt close to his mother and Mycroft, and had floundered when those connections grew weaker. "Everyone deserves to have a decent pack," he murmured honestly, "The larger the size, the more bonds you have available to you. It's stabilizing and reassuring in a way that nothing else can be for an Alpha and Omega."
he hummed, one hand still splayed over the swell of the Omega's middle as he tore a large piece off one of the slices of cake and raised it to the other man's lips.
Feeling Sherlock's shame through the bond, John softened a little; he hadn't meant to bring out more guilt in his mate. He should have let his Alpha take their children to the nest after affirming the pack bonds. "I think the little ones want their nap now," he murmured tenderly, "why don't you take them to the nest, love? We can pile them on you like before." Privately, he sent more love and affection;
On John's chest, the pups cooed and grunted as they suckled, wanting more, and the Omega sighed happily as he felt his breasts swell a little to meet the demand. Miles's hands flexed softly against Sherlock's bare chest as the baby mouthed for milk in his sleep, his little tongue darting out searchingly and wetting Sherlock's skin with drool. The Alpha sighed fondly.
he read, running through the entry once, then twice - and then a third time, just to be certain he hadn't missed anything, storing the information easily in his mind palace. "Oh," he murmured quietly. An embarrassed blush rose on his cheeks as he realized that he had indeed, overreacted.
Beatrice's grey eyes finally snapped their undivided attention to her son, widening in a moment of painful recognition. Her face crumpled immediately. A sob escaped the Omega's throat as she began to curl in on herself. Sherlock dropped his head to her shoulder, burrowing his face against her neck. "I'm so sorry," he breathed.
... with my litter..." As he spoke his words became more strained, his voice cracking with lust, his hands splaying over his mate's swollen belly. "My treasure... my sweet one, oh, I love you," he chanted, beginning to lose himself while he thrust more firmly. Sweat beaded on his brow and pooled in the hollow of his throat as he grunted his pleasure, the room echoing with the slap of his hips against his Omega.
Sherlock's hands found their way under the hem of John's jumper and shirt; he caressed the Omega's warm belly with a quiet purr of contentment, feeling small points of pressure rise and fall underneath his palms as the pups kicked and shifted lazily. "Mmm," he agreed, burying his nose in John's soft hair. "It will be perfect."
so good, so goooood, ngh, fuck, yes, like that... ah, I - oh god, you're - you're making me - gonna - ah, Sir - so close, ahh, haaaaah, ohhhh yes... God, that - ah! - just - your little bitch - your breeder - yessss, oh Jesus, ngh..." John whined, breathy and needy and wrecked.
He sat back, sliding his hands from around Sherlock's neck to rest lightly against the Alpha's chest, gazing into his eyes as he answered the next question.
, he cautioned when John whined loudly, watching as the Omega's body began to glisten with sweat from his efforts, John's noises rising in volume until -
John crawled back onto the bed, tugging his favourite silver fur throw over the top of them as Sherlock burrowed into him, seeking warmth. He carded a hand through the Alpha's curls, stroking his thumb over the sweet spot behind the Alpha's ear. "My precious Sherlock," he smiled, kissing his mate's forehead. "Do you want some milk, my darling?"
If the notices are to be valid they must be publicly available, brother," Mycroft explained patiently. "I am aware you do not want them near you or your Omega. Your wishes coincide with my own, I do not want them interfering in your life further than they already have. If we had the mind-control technology capable of causing them to forget I assure you I would use it but sadly we do
how it strained against my shirt as we left... they'd all know how
John arched into the touch, allowing it to relax him, feeling the stretch as the pup crowned, stretching him wide, feeling every little sensation as his hole opened further to allow the baby's head to push through it, stretched taut as he pushed and moaned, panting lightly. He let out a long, luxurious groan as the rest of the child slipped from him in one slick but slow movement, hearing his mate's purr as he cleaned and scented, clamped the cord, wrapped it in a towel, brought it up for John to see. He smiled softly, purring at the baby, sniffing delicately. Girl, Alpha. He kissed her tiny forehead as he brought her to his breast, carefully shifting the three pups he'd already fed to make room, while Sherlock located the tag for the second-born girl. Lucy Elspeth. John mewed quietly as she latched on and suckled, watching as his mate slipped a tiny orange hat over her dark curls. He felt almost relaxed, even as his body was telling him the next pup had engaged; he'd been in labour nearly two hours, and was only just beginning to feel the effects. He felt safe and protected, his Alpha guarding their nest and their pups, and purred for his mate as Lucy grunted softly around his nipple, pushing relaxation through the bond; time for a rest, we can scent these pups for a while before the next one arrives. He dipped his head and nuzzled Adam's stomach, his purring never ceasing as he scented each baby in turn, nuzzling and mewing.
to please his mate, wanting to feel like he earned the beautiful collar he'd been given.
Sherlock hummed, rubbing his cheek against the Omega affectionately.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, taking a moment to size up his companion before answering. "You're quite right," he said with a soft moan, massaging John's scalp in reward for a particularly clever trick the Omega had just done with his tongue. "This is my first evening at Pendleton's. I've had my eye on the club for quite some time. With my breeder nearly ready to whelp, I thought it an opportune evening to make my debut." He smiled as the Beta servant returned with a drink for his companion. "Cheers," he offered, and the two Alphas toasted cordially before taking a sip of their liquor.
Now alone in the quiet of the anteroom, Sherlock re-adjusted his tie a seventh time. Then an eighth. He turned on his heel and began to pace. The din of the gathering outside floated in from under the door, filling the sterile space with a vague hum, accompanied by the rhythmic clicking of a pair of patent leather shoes against the tile floor. The Alpha stopped his pacing. Took a shaky breath. Exhaled in a sharp, painful burst. Returned to his previous activities. He jumped three feet at the discrete knock on the door.
"Yeah, you did," John grinned, "and you're going to do it again, aren't you? Give me another litter of your pups to carry? Oh, god... that's... Sher- Sherlock," he gasped, "I feel - pressure - first pup is fully engaged," he finished shakily. "My waters will break in less than half an hour. Oh Christ, we - we're going to be parents to
The Alpha beamed back at his mate, even as he struggled to keep a hold on their enormous, squirmy newborn. The pup had been though quite the squeeze, and seemed intent on using the newfound space to writhe, stretch, and kick as much as possible. "It's a girl," Sherlock announced, chuckling proudly as he fought her flailing limbs to dry her, "And a hefty one at that." He kissed her forehead, pulling a cap over her fluffy auburn hair. "Mycroft will be pleased about you," he informed her as he brought her closer for John to see. The baby calmed as she inhaled her mother's scent properly for the first time, a soft little mewl escaping her as she opened her blue-green eyes. Sherlock's mouth fell open a little, the Alpha's gaze softening. "Well now," he whispered with a crooked little smile, "You match more than just your uncle, hmm?"
," John sighed dramatically, rubbing his belly with his free hand to emphasise his point. "I'm so full of babies that I'm
Sherlock grinned broadly, peppering the Omega's shoulders and chest with kisses before capturing John's lips again, this time more passionate and insistent than the rest. He kissed John deeply, lovingly, pressing his tongue into the other man's mouth and exploring until they were both breathless from it. "How many does that make?" he panted with a smile when he finally pulled back.
, but
. His eyes narrowed as he scanned John's body, deducing - and finding each deduction more arousing than the last.
"Oh?" Sherlock breathed, grinning in interest. "Then let's test that hypothesis, shall we?" His mouth found the bondmark on John's neck and nipped teasingly at the wine-dark skin as his hands roamed further over the gigantic globe of John's middle. The Alpha kissed at his mate's lips and jaw, then looked down between them both, watching lustfully as he touched his mate. "This is mine," he reminded John softly, whispering in the Omega's ear, "I did this to you..." His fingers found the nub of John's belly button and began to massage it, kneading the sensitive tissue gently. Sherlock purred as he watched John's reaction. His other hand moved low on the enormous mound, cupping and rubbing the underside from beneath John's navel to the light dusting of hair above the Omega's cock.
As Sherlock refused to enter without his mate, they paused for John to strip and don a protective apron at the door to the CT Scan room. "We usually don't allow pregnant Omegas in here, even when the machine is off, but you should be fine for just a few minutes while he gets settled on the table," the doctor informed him before they passed the doors.
, ohhh-" He could feel his orgasm building rapidly, his words dissolving into open-mouthed moans. His inner thighs were slick with fluid, John so wet that he was leaking around the knot, soaking Sherlock and the sheets beneath them. Sherlock's toes curled, his knees drew closer to his chest, and he came, arching his back and spilling into his Omega with a loud cry.
variation 18 floated into the air. The registrar nodded and the congregation stood, turning towards the double doors. As the melody crescendoed the doors swung gracefully open and John waddled through, clutching Tommy's arm for support, his face suffused with joy and a strange bashfulness. He kept his eyes fixed on his Alpha as he made his way up the aisle, his gait swaying, his massive belly threatening to unbalance him, until finally he reached Sherlock and Tommy gently took John's hand from his arm and placed it on Sherlock's. John peeped up at his Alpha through his eyelashes and let out a tentative little purr as the music faded and a happy silence descended once more.
Sherlock purred as he looked down at him, wrapping an arm around the Omega's side to draw John up so he could see the cake better as the Alpha revealed it.
"The time we took that case in Northumberland, so close to your heat," Sherlock grunted, continuing to slam into him, "Christ, I could
When they were dry and dressed again, curled up on the sofa, he pulled out a paint catalogue and began thumbing through it, pointing out the colours he liked to Sherlock, saying which ones he thought would work in each room. Greens and blues predominated, mixed with earthy browns and creams, with a soft pale buttercup yellow for the nursery. "I thought as a theme... Maybe bees?" he said shyly. "I know you like them, and our nursery will be a constant
John mewled helplessly, his breathing coming a little faster as the touch on his belly grew firmer.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, admiring the Alpha's method. "Perhaps I will try something similar with my own this litter. He's ... mmm... headstrong, but he does love his collar... Besides, it should help ease -
. With
John purred softly, so quietly only his Alpha could hear, and grinned cheekily at Mycroft before engaging Mrs Hudson in a long discussion about gardening and their plans for the flowerbeds. Mycroft gave John a grateful look and a nod of acknowledgement before turning to Molly, who had just finished her conversation with Lestrade. She was gazing at Sherlock and John with an odd expression, somewhere between longing and sadness and relief. "You needn't despair," he said gently, reaching for the cranberry sauce beyond her reach and spooning a generous helping onto her plate. "One day, you will be the one welcoming visitors to your home, your Alpha proud and protective. You are an extraordinary Omega, Miss Hooper, and I struggle to think of many I would deem worthy of you." She had opened her mouth to protest, to argue that she wasn't anything special, why would anyone want her - but she caught the kindness and truth in his eyes. "Th-thank you," she stammered quietly, a rosy blush tinting her cheeks. She sat up a little straighter, smiled a little more. Nobody noticed but John, who stored it away to discuss with his mate later.
"You're cruel," John whined playfully. "You want me whining and desperate, just an animal, needing to be milked, needing to be
Sherlock's eyes widened as his gaze whipped to the little girl. "Piss!" Enora declared brightly, giggling in delight. Sherlock shook his head in the negative, for a moment utterly speechless. "Piss," the baby insisted. "No..," Sherlock managed.
The club Omega stayed obediently still even as he began to feel wetness pooling between his cheeks; he couldn't help but be aroused at the show, or at the sight of the magnificent Alpha stroking his achingly hard enormous cock and looking like he might come at any second.
perfect," he murmured gently, tilting his face up, seeking more kisses on the lips. He purred when he got them. "And later, I am going to show you exactly how much I appreciate my genius of a husband." He kissed him again, warmly, smiling a little, fighting the urge to snuggle into his neck again and go back to sleep. He drew back and swiped a thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone affectionately. "Time for the rounds, I think," he murmured regretfully. "Although I'd much sooner stay in your lap." He struggled back into his wheelchair with Sherlock's help and allowed his mate to push him to the nearest guest table while the waiters brought out more champagne flutes and a string quartet began to play.
For just a moment, the youngest member dared to peep up. Barely twenty years old, Remington had spent all his life under Siger's hand, but had been somewhat shielded by his mother and by Siger's utter disgust with his secondary sex. Omega males were utterly worthless in the former pack Alpha's eyes, and so Siger had barely acknowledged him except to verbally deride and abuse him, when the young boy found himself so unfortunate as to accidentally end up in his presence. Remington had not even been worthy of physical beatings, in Siger's eyes - though as a young pup, he was kicked swiftly in the middle each time Siger found him underfoot, the contact lifting his small body violently from the floor and sending him sprawling in a heap several feet away. His education had been non-existent until he'd come under Mycroft's protection; Siger had seen no use for schooling - he'd never planned to release such a disgrace to his name, not even to be bred. Remington's curiosity - and personality - had blossomed slowly under the watchful eye of Mycroft's kind tutor, and of the pack Alpha himself. The waif-like, delicate ginger had been found to have a shy wittiness about him, and a latent genius that promised to equal those of his brothers'. Now, stealing a glance upwards, he'd met immediately with his half-brother's gaze, and froze in horror - but was surprised to find it kind. Sherlock had already invited Mycroft into the bed out of deference, but now he was to choose the next pack member to follow. "Remington, come," he rumbled with a smile, nuzzling John's neck adoringly.
Sherlock hushed him again, setting aside his whiskey sour with a delicate
Lestrade shook his head vigorously as he emerged into the clean air, like a dog emerging from a lake, trying to rid himself of the scent of heat. "Donovan, you're a Beta. Get in there and arrest Moriarty, will you? He's naked and in heat."
. He peeped up at Sherlock, trying to express this thought with feelings, unable to get very far past
"And then," Oliver was saying, wiping a tear of mirth from his eye, "she turned round and said
"We shall," John purred, smiling, kissing back. He kissed and licked his way down his mate's chest as he dialled, stroking his cock, dipping his head to lap at it with his tongue as Mycroft answered. John tuned out of the conversation, focussing entirely on giving Sherlock pleasure, using both hands and his mouth to make a tight wet tunnel around his growing erection, bobbing his head and humming quietly, squeezing with his hands and swirling his tongue, massaging his mate's sensitive cockhead, feeling it hot and heavy in his mouth, sucking eagerly, the thought of Sherlock showing him off naked with his seed massaged into his skin making his own small cock twitch with interest. He rubbed his hands up and down his shaft, taking as much into his mouth as he could, hollowing his cheeks, lapping at him, dropping a hand to roll and cup his balls, kneading gently, bringing it back up to join his mouth, running it over the base of his cock, grasping the spongy tissue that marked where his knot would form. He hummed in satisfaction as he worked, doing everything he remembered Sherlock liked, soon so horny he had to rub his belly and cock against Sherlock's leg.
They descended into silence, aside from the coos of the pups, trading gentle affections as John nursed the rest of their babies. Not long after, the pups were settled comfortably in their cots by their adoring parents, each baby sated and warm, snuggled up lovingly to their new teddy. Turning low the lights of the nursery, his arm around his Omega, Sherlock bade them all a soft 'Merry Christmas' one last time, before leading John away to sleep.
"Same here. Let's go and see the last contender then, shall we?" he asked, stroking his mate's cheek. He led them back out of the summer house and informed the estate agent that after careful deliberation they were unfortunately not going to be making an offer but were eager to see the final property. The man smiled understandingly and offered them a lift to the next place which they accepted gratefully, and a little over fifteen minutes later they were pulling up outside a smart townhouse near Regent's Park. It was spread comfortably over four floors, with large paned windows and the spacious rooms indicating the wealth of the original owners. It was decorated simply but elegantly; pastel wallpapers and thick carpets, heavy curtains and claw-footed furniture. It had a decently sized garden and a parlour on the third floor which could serve as a nursery, one floor below the master suite which occupied much of the top floor. It felt a little grand and imposing to John, but it clearly needed no structural work at all and he quite liked much of the decoration. That said, the kitchen was on the small size, it wasn't near a tube station and it only had seven bedrooms rather than their ideal eight. After the full tour he turned to his mate. "What do you think of this one?" he asked mildly, giving away nothing about his own feelings.
"I'm sure you'll find a way to do both, my clever boy," John cooed, stroking the boy's soft hair when he purred and nuzzled against him. "What about you, Iris?" John asked turning to his daughter.
and it was too much. He burst into noisy tears, launching himself at his mate and burying his face into his neck, suckling at his scent gland to ground himself, clinging to him like he had to check he was real, just sobbing, not even trying to get any words out.
Sherlock took a long few moments to recover, breathing heavily, his cock achingly hard; his astounding length jutted out proudly between his parted thighs, the head plump and richly dark.  The aphrodisiac and the general atmosphere of the club would keep the couple well keyed-up for the rest of the evening, giving them both an unusual amount of stamina and desire to enjoy every second of their time.
Not a chapter either, sorry! Both of us have been quite busy recently, but don't worry - we definitely haven't forgotten about the fic. The next chapter is just taking its time in coming.
The room was large and tastefully furnished, plush armchairs dotted liberally across half of the floor with a drinks table on the left and a leash clip on the right of each one. An enormous mirror covered the back wall behind the bar, which was fully stocked with champagne and the finest spirits and liquors, and the other half of the room was occupied with booths for groups of up to ten, providing space for Alphas to sit together and enjoy the services of one of the club Omegas. It was a busy night and the club was nearing capacity; a loud hum of chatter buzzed through the air, the Alphas already in the bar in full conversational swing. Several of them also had naked collared Omegas with them; some had a club Omega (distinguishable by their signature red collars) kneeling beside them, and some of them were perusing the guidebook. The Beta host waiting at the door bowed low as Sherlock entered and kept his eyes deferentially lowered. "Good evening, Mr Holmes," he said clearly, "May I fetch you a drink?"
ready to breed me again, aren't you?" He sounded lustful and breathless; the thought of Sherlock pounding into him and knotting him (bare, like always) during his micro-heat sounded like the best thing he'd ever heard and he could hardly wait. He sensed his mate's unease, however; after the last birth when the Alpha had been unable to keep his promise of wearing a condom he didn't blame Sherlock for feeling cautious.
He didn't argue with his mate, pliantly opening his mouth as he felt the hard, erect nipple drag sensually across his lips. The Alpha purred as he drank, idly wondering if this was the gift and completely unbothered if it were so. His hands moved down John's back to cup his round, lush arse as he suckled as a pup would, eagerly taking short pulls in rapid succession and mewing appreciatively to show his pleasure.
Sherlock dazedly nuzzled John's lips away from his jaw so he could return the affections, some part of him determined that John would not submit to him as if what had just passed between them was completely the Alpha's doing. He was beginning to feel himself again, slowly, recognizing his fingertips at John's shoulder and the curve of the Omega's waist, feeling the heat of the shower spray as it pattered firmly against his back. He pressed softer, shorter kisses to John's cheeks, nose, eyelids, forehead - and finally lips again, stealing a few more tender seconds as their mouths brushed against one another's. He grinned against his wife's skin, not yet capable of speech again himself, luxuriating in the warmth and wetness, in John and the softness of John's body and the gentle pulses of love washing between them.
His breath hitched a little as he rocked his hips, encouraging his Alpha deeper with a wanton moan of pleasure; Sherlock's increased size since the birth meant that despite John having given birth to thirteen pups, he still filled the Omega completely.
the confused detective cried through the bond, large tears spilling down his cheeks. He whimpered and whined, clinging to John as the Omega attempted to button his shirt.
As his Omega came and begged for the Alpha's release, Sherlock felt his own climax rush over him and gave a low groan; he filled John fuller and fuller, his seed spurting thickly from his enormous cock as John contracted around him. "My Omega... Mine... Mine... Mine..," he chanted as he came down from his release. He continued to kiss his mate, rocking them back and forth until they were both finished. He lazily continued to stroke his mate's skin, observing the Omega with adoring eyes, just revelling in the warmth of their bond as wave after wave of love washed warmly over him. "You are my only, no one could ever take you away from me," he murmured, "I want everything with you - the pups, the home, the domesticity. You are the only Omega I would ever want those things with. Only you matter. I love you so much, John."
John had gone back to staring out of the window, still closing his mind to the bond, not wanting to feel the agony he knew his mate was in. He knew how much it would have cost him to send that text, and he sank onto the cushioned bench in the alcove of the window, feeling his legs turn to jelly. He rocked Arthur gently as the boy nursed, not making a sound until the baby was full, and he walked slowly back towards the bed and lay him with his siblings. "I wanted my life back," he began quietly, his voice choked. "I wanted to be me again for a while before turning back into a pregnant animal. I trusted you to put me above your desire for more children, and I - I needed to know you'd let me make the choice, even if it went against every single one of your instincts, even though you know you could order me to carry them for you. I don't want the bloody pill. I'd
, god he wanted, Sherlock to mount him, fuck him roughly and knot him... wanted that even when he wasn't in heat. But Sherlock would hate him afterwards, free of the heat hormones, and he couldn't have that. He bit into his pillow and moaned a little louder, almost at the stage he'd have to resort to toys.
Sherlock chuckled, wrapping one arm around John's back while carding his fingers through his Omega's sandy-coloured hair, "If I had my way, your best man would be walking beside you while you were carried in on a litter, though I have to admit that your option sounds equally, if not more, enticing." Though John was his Omega, Sherlock did not play into the gender inequality that usually pervaded Alpha/Omega relationships; John was his partner, his equal - as possessive as the consulting detective was, he did his best to make sure John felt comfortable and had ample say. If his Omega wished to walk, then he would walk. "Perhaps Mrs Hudson - she's taken such good care of us over the years. We'll have to notify her that we will be needing a new home as well, though perhaps we can keep Baker Street as a secondary residence." He paused, considering how to reveal John's changing shape. "We can't exactly have you drop your robe in front of everyone we tell, however..." he said with a smirk.
Sherlock watched John with a scrutinizing, anxious gaze as the Omega inspected his gift. While he knew the collar was meant to show off John as an object, he still wanted to see genuine excitement and pleasure from his mate. The Alpha smiled as John's feelings washed over him. "Of course, my Omega," he murmured, lifting the gift from its silken pillow. The supple leather fastened easily through the shiny buckle, the silver glinting invitingly in the soft light.
Sherlock rumbled in pleasure, pushing his approval and agreement through the bond. The last two babies had all but spilled out of John's ready hole, the Omega an efficient birthing machine, bearing him pup after healthy pup. He already found himself wanting to watch John do it again, wishing he could keep him in labour with his litter constantly, John groaning and vocalizing like an animal, constantly nursing and pushing pups out of his ready entrance. His hand moved back to John's cock and began to stroke in a light, teasing rhythm. It was hard to believe there would only be one more pup, and then John would no longer be pregnant. The bed was filled with pups in the space the Omega's mammoth belly had previously occupied, the shifting, alien mass of John's womb now reduced to the size of a smaller beach ball, round and low with their last baby and the remaining afterbirth. He reached forward to stroke it reverently, feeling a little sad at the loss even as he was overwhelmingly proud of their pups, his heart filled with love for what he'd produced with his mate. He looked up to the Omega inquiringly, placing a gentle pressure on John's belly.
anymore - he needed a room that smelled of
want for the birth? I'll be so completely in my Omega it will make very little difference to me who's there other than you. I can't see you wanting to let an outsider into the nest, and even a pack Omega might be an issue - who would you have?"
Eastlake and a few of the other Alphas took their leave and followed Ms Howard to the birthing suite. They nodded and growled to Sherlock in respect, careful not to offer a hand to shake in case their proximity was seen as a threat to the man's Omega.
"I know, Sherlock," he breathed softly, capturing his Alpha's lips in a grateful kiss. "I love you. Normally I wouldn't be so distressed, I think the pregnancy hormones are kicking in. It'll be a bit haywire for a while I'm afraid but it should settle down..." he smiled. His heart swelled with love for his incredible Alpha and he couldn't wait to show everyone his bump, rub their faces in how virile Sherlock was. "I want to do something for you, Sherlock," he purred into his ear, kissing up his neck and sucking lightly on his earlobe. He leaned in close before whispering intimately. "I want to suck you."
John blushed and squirmed a little at the realisation that Sherlock was right; he simply wouldn't fit at the table. He smiled a little and licked his lips as an idea came to him. "Yes... even if I sit sideways I'd still have to feed myself with one hand. I'd need someone to cut up my food for me... or maybe you should just feed me yourself? You'd like that, wouldn't you, spooning mouthful after mouthful of food into me, feeding me up so I can nourish your pups in my belly and swell even larger... insisting I keep eating until the plate is clear, fattening me up and watching me take everything you give me off the fork, so pliant and obedient, just like a good Omega..." he purred softly in his mate's ear, nuzzling him as his hands continued to cup and stroke his gravid belly.
- he wanted his mate so badly and to be allowed to demonstrate his desire by rubbing against his naked Alpha seemed like a marvellous treat. He shuffled forward eagerly, vibrating with the need to please as he began to undulate on top of Sherlock, daring to purr a little while he rubbed the curve of his belly against his mate's thick Alpha cock and his lush breasts against Sherlock's lightly muscled, lean chest. His contentment was palpable; a lazy, sensual smile was spread across his face and his head lolled close to Sherlock's neck, scenting hungrily but not daring to nuzzle or scent right against the Alpha's skin without permission. Fuzzy, half-formed thoughts drifted through the bond;
After Mycroft returned to his place, Remington began to wring his hands, squirming uneasily. "I- I have something to say," he whispered to his lap, so quietly that the rest could barely hear him. But Mycroft, John, and the other Omegas perked up a little, being used to conversing with the timid young man. Remington looked up nervously for a moment, to be met with nothing but reassuring smiles from those who understood. He blushed deeply, and continued a little louder, his gaze flicking shyly over to John at intervals. "I've b-been offered a place. A-at the University of East Anglia, to study Medicine." He sat up a little straighter, a small, confident gleam in his eyes, "and I've decided to accept."
"What crime
"I will keep you all safe, John. I promise," Sherlock said, though he knew he was understood. He rubbed his Omega's back soothingly, John's submissive tone placating him. "I hope most are Alphas or Betas," he murmured, "If we have Omega children, I will love them just as well - but I will worry for them much more. Not all Omegas are as fortunate to find such a relationship as we have."
was entirely another. He took a calming breath and continued. "I'm pregnant." He smiled a little as he said it and lowered his coat, revealing his rounded belly to Lestrade. The inspector's jaw dropped. "Bloody hell! But... I saw you not two weeks ago, where the hell did this come from?!" He gesticulated at John's impressive girth. "What are you having, an elephant?!"
A familiar voice jolted him out of his reverie and he turned to see an old army mate standing next to him, a shocked look on his smiling face. "It IS you! Captain Watson! Bloody hell... never thought you'd breed! It's good to see you sir," the young former corporal grinned. "Can I touch the bump?"
The Omega shivered lightly, unbelievable pleasure coursing through him and sparking from Sherlock's every touch on his taut skin. He panted, dazed, completely at his Alpha's command; he had no idea what he wanted, whether he wanted to ride his mate's rock-hard cock until they both came or if he wanted Sherlock to make him come just by rubbing and praising his belly. Contentment coursed through their bond, John purring stupidly as if unable to think of anything else to do, and he slowly blinked as his brain came back online, gazing trustingly at the Alpha.
The additive must have contained a fair dose of Alpha pheromones, for Sherlock felt himself lengthening and thickening beneath then water in response to an unknown competitor. Everything was designed for his pleasure, he mused with a knowing smile; everything was there to make sure his Omega and the club Omegas would be eager and ready when he asked. He rinsed John, dousing him in the sweetly scented water, even such a simple act of care purposed to jump-start his mate's libido.
"We did have a cook growing up, yes," Sherlock acknowledged, placing an arm around John's shoulders, guiding his Omega to rest a little more in his Alpha's lap for the time being. "My mother knew a little of baking, though she rarely ever practiced her skills. My father did not find such activities to be appropriate." He drew John just a little closer, the Omega's warmth and presence grounding. "When my parents were away, and the nanny asleep, I would sometimes sneak down to the kitchens. Our cook was a grandmotherly woman, and she managed to teach me a few things in secret. But the rest I learned on my own." The Alpha carded a hand through his mate's hair fondly, his thoughtful expression transforming into a proud grin as he acknowledged how finely he was able to provide for his Omega, all on his own skill.
It wasn't long before Sherlock had availed himself of one of the pool showers and was cleaned up, a change of clothes provided to him by Lestrade. The ride to the safe house seemed to take too long, when all he wanted was to hold his mate in his arms, to scent him again and nuzzle him gently and just be together. He closed his eyes and focused on their bond, feeling the love radiating through it pulsing reassuringly in his chest.
"Shhh, shhh, it's alright," John soothed, his voice soft and tender. He reached out and wiped tears from his Alpha's cheek with his thumb, cupping his jaw. "They're just shallow, it's alright. I'll be good as new in a day or two, hush now, don't cry," he murmured, wrapping his arms around Sherlock as best he could and pulling him close, refusing to let go. "It was too much, wasn't it? Talking with Mycroft about your parents, two other Alphas in the room all day, and then I get someone else's scent on me... It was just too much for you," he crooned, rocking his still sobbing mate gently in his arms. "It's alright love, I'm fine. I'm not made of glass, Omegas are built to be claimed." He sent a pulse of love through their bond, forgiving and pure, full of reassurance. "Don't cry love, please... I should have realised I'd get his scent on me if I hugged Molly, I wasn't thinking... Look, see? Bleeding's already stopped."
. And actually quite interested to see this murder mystery, although I bet you work it out in about nine and a half seconds. You can tell me all your deductions after dinner but before the photographs, so I can gaze adoringly at my husband thinking how clever he is," he smiled softly, wheeling himself into the anteroom so they could wait for the guests to be seated and enter the room together, announced as Mr and Mrs Holmes-Watson.
, he promised,
A satisfied grin grew on Sherlock's face as his mate spoke, though it faded at the last questions. He furrowed his brow, remembering; John's scent had been so heady that the minor details were hazy. "It's possible that I did, but it's not what I was thinking about at the time - not at first," he answered honestly, "I smelled you in heat, and the rest of my concentration was bent on keeping myself from giving in to instinct. Even when my guard broke down, I wasn't truly focused on discerning the notes in your scent - not until you purposefully changed it, that is. That was when I knew - I could scent your desire, your honest need, how much you wanted me, that you'd dropped eggs for me." He inhaled, giving a small shiver of pleasure at the memory. "I knew I could breed you, I knew you wanted me to breed you..." The Alpha purred deeply, watching more lumps form in John's amorphous belly as the pups settled into place. "Christ, I bred you..," he murmured proudly, nipping at John's earlobe and dipping a hand down to press around John's slick entrance.
, and not be blinded by a good name. If he wanted to stay in London, he could go to Imperial or University College; if he wanted to spread his wings a little but remain close, Bristol, Surrey, Leeds and East Anglia were all within a few hours travel. The young Omega was truly starting to believe that he could do it, he could go to these places and have his own life.
Floating deep in subspace, John felt his Alpha's words and emotions wash over him without understanding them, the feeling flooding him with a deep sense of pride, satisfaction and fulfilment. His mate's claim being rubbed into his skin felt like a blessing, as if Sherlock was proclaiming to the world how very pleased he was with John, and to the doctor's Omega instincts it was heaven. He purred loudly when he was given permission to respond to the touches, writhing and arching in decadent bliss to encourage more of the lovely petting and to show his appreciation for the praises; the triplets pressed insistently against their sire's hands as if demanding to be acknowledged too before quieting, soothed by the Alpha's presence. John sighed happily, loving how the pups inside him instinctively responded to their father's touch, and lapped submissively at Sherlock's jaw and scent gland when he got close enough, lavishing adoration and eager affection on his Alpha, thrilled that he had successfully followed orders.
John smiled and pulled the gift towards him, shredding the wrappings expertly. He paused when he saw the tea and lifted it with shaky hands, breath quickening. He'd avoided decaffeinated tea because it simply never tasted as good, but this... Sherlock wouldn't have bought it unless it was the same. He beamed at his Alpha, kissing him deeply, then pressed the box into his hands. "Tea. Now. Please," he begged, not having had a decent cup of tea since October. Everything else could wait. "It's brilliant, Sherlock," he breathed, just in case his mate had missed the joy on his face.
Sherlock was already awake; the Alpha had kept vigil most of the night, guarding his sleeping mate. He knew Mycroft had quadrupled their security since the incident, but instinctually the Alpha was on edge, trusting no one but himself to protect his Omega. Running a hand soothingly through the Omega's hair, he replied with surety.  "He is dead," he paused briefly, the next words tasting sour in his mouth, "I shot him in both kneecaps and snapped his neck myself. Lestrade saw him dead. Mycroft has seen him dead. He is gone, I promise you. He will never touch you again." The Alpha's expression shuttered as he remembered the kill. Sherlock was no murderer; until the previous day, he had never taken the life of another, even in self-defence. A muscle worked subtly in the Alpha's jaw even as he stroked John's belly in reassurance. Sherlock had wilfully extinguished the life of another, deliberately chosen the method of death. Moriarty was vile and dangerous, and had nearly committed the ultimate crime against his mate; instinct had dictated that he remove the threat with his own hands - but Sherlock's stomach still churned uncomfortably at the thought of the act.
Sherlock purred loudly at the praise, and the sound was echoed faintly by a few of the pups in their sleep. He rubbed his erection slowly against John, taking pleasure along with the creamy, warm nourishment flowing from the Omega's plump breast. He clung needily to his mate, his suckling increasing in energy as John praised him.
John wriggled his hips, trying to get more friction on his cock, whining prettily as he begged. "Please, Sherlock, please, I'm so close... please let me come, oh god, please, please touch my cock, just a little, I'm nearly there... oh fuck, so good, ohhhhh, please, Sherlock, I need it, just a little faster, mmmmh, oh god, right there, yes, yes, please, please let me come!" He whimpered as Sherlock smirked and continued his pace, pushing him agonisingly slowly to an explosive orgasm, his Alpha's mouth on his neck sending fizzing jolts of electricity through him. He kept begging, becoming incoherent with need, until finally Sherlock relented and brushed his fingers lightly over the head of John's cock. That ghost of a touch was enough and John screamed in relief and bliss as he came, spurting a little against the shower wall.
Sherlock held Miles securely in his arms as the baby cooed and waved his arms about excitedly at the sight of the water burbling over the rocks and flowing beneath the bridge. "No, it's not bathtime again," the Alpha informed his son with a broad grin. The baby didn't seem any less put-off by the information, flailing one pudgy fist with such enthusiasm that the knitted mitten worked itself off his hand. Luckily, the knitted accessory was tethered securely to the pup's puffy jacket, or the pack would have found themselves needing to do a bit of fishing in the river. Remington immediately moved forward to catch the tiny limb and pull the cherry mitten on snugly once more.
"Hmmm," John agreed happily, cupping the back of Sherlock's head and drawing him in to another lazy kiss, giving a soft cry as the Alpha's knot deflated and slipped from him with a wet slurp. He shivered pleasantly and grinned, pressing another affectionate kiss to his mate's lips before allowing Sherlock to help him to his feet and reaching out to turn off the shower spray. Grabbing towels for them both, he sent Sherlock off to fetch their pups while he busied himself with the logistics of their return. He ran a shallow bath for them all, no more than a few inches; they'd chosen a truly enormous tub for the bathroom next to the nursery, knowing they'd need to wash thirteen babies in it, and it would easily fit thirteen baby baths as well as two fully grown adults. John began to place the plastic baby baths in the tub, complete with their padded waterproof supports, and arranged them at the end furthest from the shower head. He switched the room's heating system on, purring as he felt the temperature change in the nest next door as well, and flicked the water circulator on (to keep the bathwater constantly warm) before sauntering through to the nest, knowing it would be easiest to feed the babies on the bed before taking them to the bathroom. He towelled himself down quickly and crawled onto the cool sheets, propping himself up against the headboard as he waited for Sherlock to return with their litter.
John clucked sympathetically, cradling him closer. "Don't worry, love. They can't hurt us now. We've got each other, your pups are growing stronger in my belly every day, we've got this house and they can't take any of that away from us. We can keep them away from our babies. We can keep them away from the wedding. I don't know what they did to you to make you so afraid of them, but it's enough for me that you are. You can tell me the rest when you're ready," he murmured, his voice low and gentle as he stroked his Alpha's hair. "Speaking of which... I've been awake for nearly a whole hour," he breathed seductively, "and you know I always need it in the mornings... please, Sherlock, let me have it... make me take it... fill me up," he begged, almost whining as he pressed hopeful kisses to his Alpha's hair.
"Oh, yes, well, I mean there are more murder victims because it's Christmas and families are at each others throats..." Molly trailed off and bit her lip, remembering how badly she'd done at conversation last time. "Is that generally a trend you notice?" Mycroft swooped in gallantly, "More murders towards Christmas? That's very... perceptive of you. Is there a change in methodology as well as number?"
"Yes, mine. I love you," Sherlock rumbled reverently, his eyes sparkling bright and sentient as he met his Omega's gaze and pulled his mate into a sweet, tender kiss. "I love you so much." He was not prone to such sentimental phrases as his mate's, but he knew John understood just as well. Coupled together like this, he could feel his mate's emotions with absolute clarity, as if they were indeed of one soul, John's bliss radiating through him even as Sherlock's deep, quiet love was transferred to his partner, the intensity of it overwhelming yet comforting. "Let me take care of you, my love," he said gently, moving to take one of John's swollen nipples between his reddened lips and beginning to nurse. "I know how much you wanted to show them," he said in agreement during a pause, "There's no way of hiding this, my Omega" His hands cupped the sides of the swell as he drank more.
Viola and Lucy decided to protest this loudly, their eyes immediately filling with tears as they simultaneously let out two loud, wailing cries. The pups often took turns well, but when their feeding needs clashed the atmosphere could turn from peaceful to chaotic in a moment. The female pups plopped down on the floor, sobbing loudly, and it seemed as if the others would be soon to follow, the other nine sensitive to their siblings' emotions.
bliss, I don't think I'd have dared to hope for that." He smiled at his mate, stroking Eleanor's cheek as she cooed and began to slow her suckling. "Would you have believed it? Would you have believed that I'd ask for your collar, already carrying your triplets after birthing your first litter?"
carry more of his pups, flushed and smiling at the honour. "Thank you, my Alpha," he panted breathily, bouncing himself desperately on the knot, his keening noises rising and merging together as he neared his peak, the Alpha's hand on him tipping the balance. He moaned loudly as he came, release spraying onto Sherlock's belly and coating the underside of his own gravid curve. "How may I please you, my Alpha?" the Omega purred, still fucking himself on his mate's cock, rubbing his belly the way he knew the Alpha liked. "How may I bring you to your pleasure, Sir?" He licked his lips and smiled, so utterly Omega he didn't even notice the name slipping out, the traditional name used between Alpha/Omega couples signifying the role of Omega as nothing but a subservient vessel to carry pups and look after the home.
And then the wedding: John arriving at the altar, the vows, the couple sharing their first kiss, the couple sitting happily at the dinner table. He watched the rest of John's pregnancy unfold until suddenly the Omega seemed tiny, just a little thing compared to his previous size and surrounded by wriggling, wrinkly newborns. And he watched their thirteen babies grow, a wobbly smile growing with each successive photo.
"It was too much!" Sherlock half-shouted, "You - you were too much! You were begging for it, John - doing everything you could and every time I resisted you pushed harder and I was under before I knew it - I
For a split second, Sherlock stopped his struggle, his eyes wide in shock at the unquestionably authoritative Alpha on top of him; Lestrade had been as good as a father to him - his command carried weight. The DI pressed his advantage. "You can't just run in there with guns blazing! You have no idea what kind of trouble he's in, Sherlock - you could get him
Lestrade huffed a small laugh. "God, yeah. We've been swamped. Dunno what it is, something about Christmas just gets everyone at each other’s throats. If Sherlock hadn't solved that one with the twins and the football scarves for us I'm pretty sure I'd be out of a job right about now. I mean, I'd have got there in the end, that it was some twisted scientist doing experiments on twins and wanting the recognition, and the football scarves were just to throw us off the scent a bit, but only your Alpha could've found him before the next lot bought it." He downed his whisky just as Mycroft walked stiffly into the room, nodding curtly to him before turning to John. "Merry Christmas, Doctor Watson," he said resignedly, seating himself next to Lestrade. John nodded back, biting back a smirk at the look on Lestrade's face; one which clearly said
"What is your mate's name?"
When John woke it was to the soft glow of dawn filtering through the green fabric across the window, warm and snuggled cozily in clean sheets. He was alone, but the dip Sherlock had left was still warm, so he hadn't been gone long. He yawned and stretched, vague memories of being very Omega flitting through his mind, and a small stupid smile spread across his face as he remembered being praised by his Alpha. When Sherlock returned with breakfast he accepted the food gratefully and ate with gusto, his bellybutton finally inverted again. "What happened last night?" he murmured, chewing a piece of toast. "You know I only have the fuzziest idea what happens when I'm completely in my Omega." He nuzzled Sherlock's cheek as his Alpha swooped in for a morning kiss.
Just the sight of his mate was more than enough to get the Alpha off. True to his word, Sherlock had kept John plump and round, even more so following the birth of the quintuplets, when they'd been so certain John's Change had occurred. Now, their unexpected twins added greater weight to John's already generous figure, and the Omega only needed to enter a room to make the Sherlock hard.
. The Omega rocked his hips to meet his mate, quivering with arousal and satisfaction, blissed out on the feeling of the happy, wanting Alpha inside him, of Sherlock completely present and gazing at him with such love.
"I'd like to think so," the Alpha picked up again with a grin as he glanced in John's direction, Iris now burbling happily and giggling in her mother's arms. He turned back toward his old friend. "Consider yourself forgiven. I believe I understand more now the pain you must have gone through - and I apologize again for it. I was only doing what I believed was right for you, what I thought would keep you safe. And it has." There was compassion and vulnerability in the Alpha's gaze as he looked steadily into the large brown eyes. His heart ached just a little. "It is good to see you smiling again." Back in the prams, several of the babies began to squeal in delight as Beatrice snapped a photo of them. Sherlock chuckled, then dropped his eyes. He knew what he wanted to ask, but not his own mate's reaction.
not to. He'll never love you like he loves me - he never did. You're only making it worse for yourself you know, if he finds you here - he will kill you. If he finds out you threatened the pups, he'll kill you
Once they had got to the bedroom, Sherlock quickly shut the door behind him and pulled John into a deep but restrained kiss. "You already had me hard back there," he murmured, "If you're not careful, we'll never make it to the club." His hands roamed carefully over John's ample form, and he smirked. "Let's get you sitting down again. You'll be on your feet a lot tonight, I imagine." A plain black string bikini was already laid out on the bed; the triangles of the fabric were minuscule, silken, and paper-thin, barely able to do the work of covering John's nipples without serious strain. A tiny, matching thong lay next to it. John would spend most of his time at the club utterly nude, but his Alpha wanted him in
Sherlock nodded and grinned, "We shall." They followed the agent into the house, a large Tudor, lovely from the outside but needing rather a lot of design work in the interior. To the Alpha's horror, all the walls were papered over with hideously coloured patterns, with ugly, fabric-covered window cornices to match. However, it was spacious - the bedrooms and garden were large, the sitting room big enough to easily accommodate a family of thirteen all at once. There was a play room on the second story that he could easily see becoming the nursery, conveniently just down the hall from the master bedroom. It seemed like it had the potential to be a wonderful family home, but everything would need to be completely stripped and redecorated first, and the Alpha wasn't sure they wanted to wait as long as it would take to do so before they could nest. "How do you feel about this one?" he asked, rubbing John's back. The real estate agent had stepped out for a minute to take a call, but Sherlock still dropped his voice, adding "And where shall I milk you?"
as Moriarty pulled something from his pocket. "Oops! Safety's off," he grinned, tilting his head thoughtfully to the side as he considered the gun. "Oh, John, John, John," he tisked, as the other man froze, "I thought you'd be more careful. Keeping a loaded weapon around children - there could be an accident." The criminal removed his hand from John's belly just long enough to snap his fingers, "There now," he said after a moment, "it's just you and me, Johnny - and, well, these little ones." He began to stroke John's belly as he drew closer once more, knowing his rival would not risk the consequences of throwing him off, "Don't you want to see them before you go?"
John's scent demanded. The Omega was ready. One precious egg had already dropped - it shouldn't be wasted. His mate had dropped it just for him, inviting him to fertilize it, to make it attach and grow until the Omega's belly was round and heavy again with child. Sherlock gave something between a growl and a whine, shaking his head more weakly, the knowledge that
only made it better. His mate frequently complimented the way he looked, his plump thighs or round belly or ample backside, but it was rare for Sherlock to vocalise the thought that John turned him on.
be pregnant."
We are aware that many of you found the previous content in this chapter deeply upsetting, and we are incredibly sorry for any emotional distress it may have caused you. Upon further reflection, we decided to write an alternative; we have since decided that the alternative is truer to our characters and narrative, so we have removed the original version.
, when you claimed me, your knot was so
"Nnh," John grunted noncommittally, his focus entirely on the tea. He waited for it to cool a little, blew on it, and took a large sip. "Oh, come on, that's lovely," he sighed happily, some tension bleeding from his frame as he drank, groaning appreciatively. He drank the amber liquid quickly and set the mug down lightly before snuggling further into his mate, purring loudly and nuzzling into his neck. "That may be the best cup of tea I've ever had," he grinned. He pressed a soft kiss to his Alpha's cheek then drew back, eager to open his final gift but trying not to look expectant.
There came a light knock on the kitchen door, and the sound of the key turning in the lock as the DCI let himself in. "Sherlock?"
. Sensing his mate's unhappy memories, John nuzzled closer to lick his cheek and purr softly, reminding the Alpha that he was loved, so loved, had fathered an enormous litter of healthy, happy pups and had another brood on the way. As if on cue the triplets began to move and John tugged his mate's hand to rest on his belly, letting him feel the movement.
John squealed breathily, tightening his hold on his Alpha. "Ohhh, oh yes... I can feel it, feel how much of your seed you've put inside me..." He leaned in close to Sherlock's ear, still rocking his hips, and whispered to him in a low growl; "Next time you breed me, I want you to swell me with your come. Fucking fill me, inflate my belly with it." With a teasing nip to Sherlock's ear he dropped his head back onto the pillows, panting and moaning."Ohhh, Sherlock, I can feel it, so ripe for you, please,
Tears fell freely down the Alpha's face. He knew John could have had his pick of anyone he chose, had he wanted them - it was no secret that he was a very desirable Omega: healthy, nurturing, fertile. Sherlock was sure that he could've found someone to breed him well in his younger years, and now that he was older, he would be seen as a fitting partner for an Alpha who wanted a stable mate still capable of providing several litters. Even if he had not wanted to bond, he would have had a wide pool of Alphas to choose from during his heats, those who were just looking for a brief fling with an eager Omega. But yet he had waited, had ignored the urges of his biological clock - and, up until their first mating, suffered through the pain of full-blown heats without fulfilment - just because of Sherlock. The Alpha had no doubt that his mate would have kept on waiting, too - even if they never coupled, even if Sherlock would never have given him children - John would never have been able to stay with anyone else for long. Sherlock had never, in the course of his life, known anyone who loved him so ardently, so completely; it was almost overwhelming. He breathed deeply into the Omega's jumper, trying to steady himself, nearly sobbing as he watched all their pups moving at once inside John's round belly. Fierce love bloomed within him and he rubbed his hands over the sides of the swell, beginning to kiss along John's neck. His breath caught at the Omega's admission. "We can find a way," he muttered sincerely, "If you mean it, we can find some way-"
John hummed and relaxed under Sherlock's tongue, nuzzling into his Alpha's hair as he was kissed, clenching a little around the huge knot that still filled him and sighing in pleasure. He could sense his mate's guilt through their bond and stroked a soft hand over his cheek to absolve him. "It wasn't your fault, Sherlock. Nobody could have predicted he'd act like that. You saw Lestrade and Donovan, they were as shocked as you, and they've known him much longer. Mmm... I really do want to get the nursery started," he admitted, blushing, stroking his bump proudly. "I can wait for this weekend. You've got important things to do and it will give me time to do the research into the areas, the schools and the local shops and the transport links." He kissed Sherlock's lips tenderly and let him go back to kissing and licking his scent gland, giving off a
to eat more just by being around his Omega. Sherlock had let his belt out two notches since they moved into the house; he wouldn't keep gaining, certainly, but it was something of significance. His cheekbones no longer stood so sharply prominent on his face, and a soft glow of health had replaced his previous pallor. He watched with a fond smile as John served and cut his food, rewarding his heavy mate with a sweet kiss to the cheek.
The rest of the babies looked on, interested, realising that this was a new way to get attention and storing the information away for later. Arthur shook his rattle and Molly obligingly returned to fussing over him, the gentle chatter of conversation slowly returning to the table as Imogen settled in her father's arms. Benedict finally consented to be put in his high chair and busied himself with his new foam blocks, drooling enthusiastically on them to demonstrate his approval.
Sherlock started awake with a soft snort. The Alpha kept his eyes squeezed shut and grumbled something incoherent, pressing his face further into the pillow of John's breasts and tightening his arms around his mate's soft middle. As the quiet sounds of his pup's fussing, however, his eyes flew wide open. Suddenly, his memories came flooding back: what age he was, where he was, and what had just passed before he'd fallen asleep. The Alpha's face was bright red as he gently detangled himself from his mate and went to retrieve the pup from his cot in mortified silence.
John frantically texted Mycroft, breathing a sigh of relief when the reply came through.
John mewled at the attention and pushed closer, a lazy grin spreading across his face. "It won't be so bad when they go to nursery," he mused. "We'll have a few hours of peace during the day then." He felt sleep begin to pull at him and he rested his head against his Alpha's chest, tangling his fingers in the light dusting of downy hair as his eyes slid closed and he felt the tension drain out of him, utterly relaxed by the comforting scent of his mate which promised security and protection. He could hardly wait for Christmas day to arrive, when he could give Sherlock his gift and they'd have a few friends over for drinks; he was thrilled to have an excuse not to go home for the holiday and Sherlock seemed equally pleased to be able to avoid his family. Which was a shame, he thought vaguely, since the pups might only ever know one set of their grandparents.
