Phillips gave a nod, pushing himself up from his chair as the first of the X-302s began rolling into the hangar.
Family, not work, like Howard, and definitely not his social life, which, while occasionally fun, had really brought Tony more pain and embarrassment than anything.  The amount of times Tony had been fined or arrested for getting too drunk and causing damage at some chintzy nightclub out in Jersey was not something that he enjoyed remembering.
Natasha smiles.  “Don't you mean, ‘when’?” she says, quickly adding, “no, no, don't answer that.  I’ll let you get to work now, hmm?”
"Oh?" asked Peter, fighting against the urge to scowl. "Why doesn't your dad want you to apply? Stark Industries is one of the best tech companies in the world and it's practically in your backyard, so… what's the problem?"
Steve scowled, his hands clenched into such tight fists that his fingernails were digging into his skin, leaving behind little half moon-shaped indents in his palms.
Steve sat back as the waitress arrived with their drinks, running his finger along the rim of the glass that she set in front of him and trying to ignore the thundering beat of the music that filled the pub. He'd never been one for such loud music, but the location hadn't been his choice. That had fallen on Sam's shoulders.
Gwen smiled as she popped a piece of popcorn into her mouth. "You don't have to thank me, Peter. Just so long as you don't try to hide stuff from me."
"And after this Johann Schmidt went on a murderous rampage trying to take down the Meridian government and ended up destroying millions of credits worth of tech and equipment, both sides secretly came to the agreement that there would be no more pursuit of any super-soldiers, and that all remaining doses of the serum had to be destroyed. We've uncovered some video evidence that verifies this."
"Steve, Thor and I have secured the biological," Nat said, just as Rumlow aimed a hard kick directly at Steve's face. He managed to get his arm up in time to block the kick, rolling up onto his feet and crossing his arms as Rumlow advanced. His shield still several metres away, Steve dodged and twisted as Rumlow continued to swing, leading him away from most of the onlookers and hoping he would eventually tire himself out enough to make a mistake.
"No, not a goddamn thing," Sam said angrily. "I was up there sweeping the skies while Clint and Bucky covered the entire perimeter of the lake, but we didn't find anything out of the ordinary and neither did the reconnaissance suits. Plus, all the ice is completely gone now and the air temp's back to normal, so it's like it never even happened."
"Hoo boy," answered Rhodey as he and Sam immediately broke off their formation, flying towards Tony. "I am really hoping this doesn't mean what it used to mean."
"Yeah," Steve murmured, swiping at his eyes as he glanced back at the tunnel, shaking his head at how something so incredibly technological could be locked inside such a simple ugly brown van. "That was—that was—"
two more times, the 100-metre freestyle is announced.  Steve stays put in his chair as the rest of the swimmers file out of the room, rubbing his aching shoulder as soon as he’s alone.  He knows he’ll be asking a lot of it over the next couple of days, but with how much he’s been babying it for the last three months—and how much that babying has cost—he’s hoping that it will come through for him this one last time.
"Oh yeah, me too!" Peter said with a grin. "And my dad's gonna be by later today too, so it's been a great day for me."
Like Dr Erskine had told Papa when he selected him for the SSR, maybe what they needed now weren't the big, strong heroes.
Peter's round cheeks immediately flushed a deep pink, causing both Tony and Bucky to smirk. "Um… it's coming. I was telling Uncle Bucky some stuff about it while you were talking to the Damage Control people."
Papa thought for a moment, his fingers tracing patterns on the back of Dad’s neck.  “No, it’s more than that, little guy,” he finally said, shaking his head.  “I’m not only relieved.
"Very well, if you are absolutely sure," JARVIS said. The UI still sounded unconvinced, but thankfully didn't bug him about it. "Would you like me to turn on the rain sounds?"
“Don't you mean three by three there, Iron Man?” Clint says, smirking as he tightens his arrowhead.  “You know I've been itchin’ for a chance to try out these new arrows you made me.”
"Shh, buddy, none of this is your fault." Dad pressed a kiss to Peter's forehead before tucking him close again. "I just… I just wish we weren't on our own out here."
"Steve, you know the stones are destroyed, so this could be our only chance!" she exclaimed. "You know we have to try!"
"I could use some help searching the building," said Natasha. "If HYDRA's going through all of this trouble, then I'm guessing there's still something here that they want."
"If not tomorrow then definitely the next day, okay little guy?" Papa finally said. "We just want to make sure that Dad and Uncle Bruce have enough time to figure out where the glitch came from."
"Nat, Thor, there's two of your guys trying to sneak out of the side there, hiding behind the cloud of teargas they've just unleashed," Sam said as Steve scrambled to grab his shield.
Pepper shook her head some, but she smiled at him and said, "That dress looks amazing on you, by the way."
"See! I knew it was me," he said and looked to Steve for confirmation. Steve just raised an eyebrow at him but said nothing, and Natasha rolled her eyes and headed for the elevator.
Rhodey just laughed as he sat at the island and watched Tony mix the pieces of cut up hot dog into the macaroni and cheese mixture Olivia had requested for dinner that evening.
"Get back here! Are you kidding? Babe, if I had my way, it would be just you, me, and now her—" he motioned to the baby, "—for the rest of our lives. So, no, I don't mind you hanging around. In fact, I want you hanging around. I want you
"Oh," Barnes said, seemingly for lack of anything else to say, and Tony stood there as Steve hummed and nuzzled into his neck a little more then stood up and said to Barnes, "Come back to cabin with us — just for a little while. You don't have to stay, if you don't want."
"No one has to say anything. It's pretty obvious. I'm the life you're stuck with. I'm the person you're stuck with because the one you wanted — the people you wanted — were all taken from you, and now you've got to make do with what you've got. Which clearly isn't worth shit based on the fact of how easily you can walk away from me."
He smiled and rubbed his hand over Steve's chest, tracing the contours of his pecs and thumbing his nipples through his shirt. "You have to come with me."
It still hadn't sat well with him, but as Rhodey later admitted, that might have been because he wasn't explaining it all that well, and he really wasn't sure
He reached up to brush at the corners of his eyes and hoped no one saw, but he saw several confused sets of eyes glancing at each other and a few concerned ones stare right at him. He shook his head and waved off their concern and said, "So, what do I do then?"
Steve shot a pointed look at him, though there was a tinge of sorrow and apology there behind blue-green eyes.
Steve's hold on him had slackened just the slightest — like he was steeling himself for an unwanted reaction from Tony and was preparing to pull away should Tony decide to strike — but Tony just nodded once before he swallowed and said, "Make love to me."
Ella frowned and looked between them. "She's not?" she asked Bruce before she turned to Tony. "You're not?"
"They both sound fine," Tony said at the same time Steve said, "'Sarah Maria' does sound better," and Tony rolled his eyes.
"Why? Does it embarrass you to hear the truth? He's your pal? Yeah? Well, I'm your fucking husband that's masquerading as your mysterious
"Oh, I didn't need to know that," Bruce muttered from the kitchen. Tony was currently getting dressed in the broad, open space of the living area, but it was still Bruce's own damned fault for eavesdropping. Rhodey didn't seem to have a problem with it. Of course, Rhodey had caught him doing some pretty nasty shit over the years, so nothing — not even the thought of what Tony and his super soldier husband might do to each other on their wedding night — fazed him anymore.
"To people that don't know you, maybe. They just see Captain America, and they assume certain things about him. They're not interested in the Steve Rogers underneath. They couldn't care less about him. They only care about the guy in the red, white, and blue costume. Who you are as a person is inconsequential to them. And honestly, look, it's not that you have a shitty personality or anything, it's just…you're not this perfect automaton that these people that only see you as 'Captain America' think of you as or want you to be. You are an ornery, devious, stubborn, opinionated, snarky, crafty, pain-in-the-ass that is too smart for his own good sometimes. But you're also a sweetheart and a huge dork. Seriously, the finger quotes thing? That was hugely dorky of you."
"Well, you spent nearly all of your life in a body designed to impregnate not be impregnated. To now experience life as the one that's been impregnated—"
walking over to the door and staring blankly as someone just about to enter the shop stopped and stood back, holding the door open for him to exit. He blinked and said a somewhat confused, "Thank you?" before he stepped back out to the street and went back over to the car.
"You better hope nothing like this ever happens to you because I will not be nearly as kind," he said and then
He closed his mouth and swallowed, his throat choked with emotion, and Steve had set the fork down and was resting his arms on the table, gazing thoughtfully at him. He reached up and brushed away some of those stupid tears that had collected on his eyelashes, and Steve reached out and brushed a few dark tendrils of hair away from his face.
a familiar look, but damned if he could figure out who it reminded him of. "But I wanna watch the 'vengers!"
"No," she said and stole a glance at Steve before she turned back and gave his knee a playful slap. "Just try to stick around a little longer. For Steve's sake, at least."
— that Peggy had caught him with, and there was that fellow… So, Steve hadn't done much kissing in his life, but it was apparent that Tony more than made up for what Steve lacked, and he went with it, wet and bruising and somehow the most intimate thing he'd ever done. He dropped his arms and put his hands to Tony's hips, grounding Tony just as much as Tony grounded him. It felt familiar somehow, like he had done this numerous times before, and he only pulled back at the sharp 'rip' that came from the corner of the room.
"No such thing as it," Tony said and shook his head at the bacon proffered by Thor. Thor shrugged and snatched up the remaining slices. "Made-up bullshit to sell romance novels and romcoms."
— fill me up even more, make me take all of it, and you'd do it again and again, fill me up and plug me up until you were ready to—
were soul-bonded to someone else and whenever one of them got married, he was going to repay them ten-fold for their treachery.
"No," he said and turned around, "that's exactly how it works." He put his hand up in the air like he was measuring. "The current hierarchy of my concern runs my old man and my baby," he lowered his hand some, "Pepper and Rhodey and, by extension of Pepper, Happy," he made a motion like he was bottoming his hand out, "the rest of you losers."
He shrugged again but didn't say anything to that, instead telling Rhodey, "Sorry. About tonight, I mean. Didn't we have plans to—?"
"You're one of the richest men in the world!" Barton said and dumped the scrambled eggs into a serving bowl. "What do you need fifty bucks for?"
He reached down and scooped her up, and she laughed and allowed him to before she settled against him, her arms wrapped around his neck and her cheek pressed up against his.
He swallowed, his breath hitching in his raw and abused throat, the leather of the collar pressing into his neck. "Ye—
She lost her composure for a moment, laughing like she knew she wasn't supposed to before she said, "Well, that's one way of putting it."
He went to step into the room, but at that exact moment, Tony stood up and turned. He smiled when he met Steve's eyes and motioned around him. It looked a bit like Christmas had thrown up all over the downstairs.
He stood back, smiling a little, watching as Thor, with Jane and Darcy flanking him, mimed something seemingly surreal and heroic to a clearly unimpressed Rhodey while Pepper and Happy stood with their plates of food and chatted with Natasha. Barnes and Wilson were having some battle of wits — Barnes still decked out in that stupid party hat but seeming to have recovered from his earlier moroseness. Barton stood between them, a plate in hand and a look on his face that Tony knew was the asshole making some comment that would do nothing more than egg him on. Bruce was over at the bar mixing up something for Hill, both of them deep in a discussion about something.
Steve just exhaled a short breath through his nose as he looked through the folder. "That's not a valid reason for choosing her program," he said, his eyes scanning over printed request after printed request.
This was what was on his mind as he got ready for bed a few nights later, going through his usual routine of popping antacids and peeing right before he climbed into bed so that he hopefully wouldn't have to go during the night. He switched off the light and came out of the bathroom, screeching to a halt when he saw what his dear husband was up to. Again.
start, you might have to do it here, as uncomfortable as it may be. I don't have any other place to put you."
He looked out over the amassed crowd of journos and photogs, the journos with their recording devices at the ready and the photogs snapping pictures left and right. He purposely avoided looking to the cameras in the back and instead thought about how he'd stood and looked out at a similar crowd at the start of his superhero career, when Obie — fucking Obie — had gone off the deep end and tried to kill him once and for all. He thought about how he stood up there as Tony Stark and proclaimed to the world that he was Iron Man, and he couldn't help but think that if it hadn't been for Iron Man, he wouldn't have been there at that very moment poised to tell the world that the woman — the
The last of his concerns about this being a Hydra trap evaporated. Perhaps he had come to accept the truth, or perhaps he was just giving in to his most shameful desires. Either way, he didn't care. Tony — and just what was his last name? — had gotten him beyond that. He'd saved him.
"Probably the usual," Bruce said and ate his bagel…plain. Weirdo. "Develop an army. Take over the world. Hey, did anyone ever stop to ask these guys what they plan on doing with the world once they take it over?"
"Wait, whoa. Are you implying that I'm thinking about Cap's trouser snake?" "I swear to god you're proving my point and you don't even realize it."
"Hmm? Oh, well, before I nearly had the life scared out of me, I was coming down here to get my phone so I could text you to get me something to eat. I haven't eaten since I found a turkey sandwich down on my worktable earlier."
She folded her arms on the granite top and leaned her weight onto her elbows. "You remember who I work for, right?"
He did, and Tony grabbed the mugs in one hand, piled the flatware onto the plate with the bagels, and nodded his head toward the living room.
: I actually debated whether or not to post this chapter because Tony has a dream in this one where he's, for all intents and purposes, raped. It's just a dream, but it's described in part. Also, I'm not sure Tony's method of dealing with the squicky feelings it leaves behind is the healthiest.
Steve had to admire the passion that Tony put into his words. He could almost believe they rang true for him.
He ignored the line about the drama. He assumed it was a joke. "Superpowers?" he asked instead. "What, like flying?"
But Tony ignored him and continued his point. "The problem is we can't agree on what should be the first and what should be the middle."
"So, he wasn't mistaken," Rhodey said as Olivia cried out, "Unca Rhodey!" at him and held out her arms like she wanted him to pick her up.
"I tried," Tony said with a shrug and dropped the sandwich back down onto the plate. "Did she actually get anything opened yet, or has she just been ripping the ribbons to shreds?"
"So, that's why you did this to us?" Steve asked but didn't lessen his grasp on Tony's shoulders any.
body I did have that whole thing with palladium poisoning, which I did not see listed as an option anywhere on any of the forms, and I had an arc reactor jammed into my chest for about five years, which, again, I did not see listed as an option anywhere on the forms. Then the various surgeries associated with that, etcetera, etcetera, which I didn't list because, again, different body. I don't seem to
"Jane? No," Tony said then jerked his head at Darcy. "That one? Yeah, wouldn't have been my first move."
They exchanged glances before they both shrugged and uttered some variation of sounds in the affirmative.
"No," Bruce said and waved off his concern. "I'm ninety-nine-point-nine percent sure you're fine. I just want to make absolutely certain you're fine."
Oh, Jesus. This was it, wasn't it? This was the whole reason for Steve's insistence that they call everything that they did — from the soft, tender movements to the light Dom/sub stuff they dabbled in — 'making love.'
now, but still. He was Tony Stark. He was a certified fucking genius. He'd built a fucking suit of armor in a fucking
He pulled his hand back from the bookcase and tucked it around the toddler again, holding her as though he was the only one standing between her and pure evil. He squared his jaw and, though he was already taller than Tony, stood to his full height and said, low and with as much grave warning in his voice as he could muster, "Who are you?"
"Whatever," he said and watched as Steve continued to play with his belly. "Seriously? Are you done yet?"
"I figured as much," Cap said. "I'm sorry. About what happened to your parents. No one deserves to die like that."
She rolled her eyes and waved off his concern. "Oh...of course not. You're more than that. It's just... You are the defender. Your bonded is the creator. Now, do you want me to make it easier to kill you, or don't you?"
He stretched languidly in the bed, working out muscles and kinks he hadn't realized were in such desperate need of relaxation.
Steve just nodded at him, and Tony put his finger to his lips to shush him then motioned him over to the nursery. He pushed the door open slowly, cringing as the hinges creaked, but he still motioned Steve in behind him. Steve followed, taking his steps as quietly as he could, and they crept over to the crib.
Steve caressed his belly some more. "As long as it's healthy, I don't care. A little boy. A little girl. I don't care. I just want him or her to be healthy and happy."
Steve shook his head, but the chuckles emanating from his throat seemed to disagree with that. As did the shaking of his shoulders that went counter to what his head was doing.
Tony pulled himself up the stairs, holding up the skirt of the dress with one hand so he wouldn't trip on it, and he went over to the bedroom and let himself in only to see that Steve was
"Not at the expense of getting yourself killed," Natasha said, a slight tinge of anger to her voice.
"OK, babe?" He reached out and settled his hands at Steve's waist. "Don't promise me anything you can't fulfill, all right? You're reckless. It's in your nature. I knew that going into this. I'm not going to ask you to change. If you want to change for yourself, that's fine. That's the best way to change. But don't feel like you have to change for me. Don't change for me. Don't be something you're not just for my sake. You'll just make both of us miserable. Yes, we're a family. We're parents. We have a daughter. Yes, I would like you to live to see her grow up and be successful and maybe even get married and have a family of her own. But don't try to change who you are because you think it's something I want or something you
Steve looked up from where he was about to stab his fork into the cake to break off his first bite. "Butter pecan?" he asked, his voice going up into a hopeful little lilt.
there, and he gasped and nearly dropped the baby when a tall woman with long, honey-kissed blonde hair turned from the broad, floor-to-ceiling window, her gossamer gown swishing with the movement, flecks of something glittery catching in the soffit lighting above.
"Look, Buck, it's not anything you—" he started to say, only slightly ashamed at the fact that he was drawing some sense of grounding from his infant daughter.
"I know," Tony said and went over to one of the older models that weren't sensor operated. "Just give me a sec—"
Tony just hummed again, and he lifted a hand and waved it lazily at Steve like he couldn't be bothered. His legs were open, one precariously close to slipping off the table, and Steve couldn't help the flush that spread over his face as his gaze took in the mix of fluids that appeared to stain the sheet right below Tony's slit. He thought he spied a little pink or red mixed in with the clear and milky-colored fluids, and he again remembered Tony's comment about taking his virginity, but Tony didn't seem to be in too much — if any — pain, and Steve, still hesitant, swallowed and reached down and wiped Tony off with the towel, cleaning up as much of the mess as he could.
"I didn't even get to talk to you at your birthday much!" she said, sounding saddened by this but like she was trying to hide her disappointment. "How are you? Is it OK to remark about how big you've gotten?"
Tony twitched his mouth, trying to keep himself from smiling. "Yeah," he said, thinking back to the way the other Steve Rogers had run soothing fingertips against the nape of his neck, "I guess you could say that."
It wasn't all fun and games. They still struggled through the occasional sleepless night when Olivia just wouldn't settle down, happiest those nights to be cradled in either Tony's or Steve's arms, and they both spent their share of staring at the television at three o'clock in the morning and watching mind-numbing infomercials or really, really bad movies. On one particular night as they sat on the couch in the living area and stared at the TV that was airing some bad '80s historical sci-fi horror- thing that seemed to be doubling as a low-rent, soft-core porno, Tony mused to Steve, "You know, when I was a kid, the stations used to sign off for the night."
fascinated by 'reality TV.' Barnes hasn't been here long enough for me to get a feel for what he does in his spare time. I…flip houses."
He flipped some switches and readied the plane for takeoff, and Steve just shrugged at Tony like he wasn't sure what the aim was but he wasn't about to fight it. Which was weird for Steve because Steve was the very definition of a fighter, but whatever, he'd worry about it later.
An audience that was at rather apt attention, now that he looked behind him at the row of seats filled to the brim with to-be-marrieds.
Tony nodded and returned the hug, and Olivia strolled into the kitchen and looked up at Tony and said, "Papa, 'm thirsty. C'n I have somethin' t' drink?"
"I am not helping you make a pie," Barnes said and made to pull the apron off, but Tony caught him in time, and he snapped his fingers and glared at him then pointed to the fridge and said, "Eggs are in there, Jacques."
She grabbed the carafe, a none-too-pleased look on her face, and made her way back over. "You're going to be a pain in my ass tonight, aren't you?"
"Are you?" Natasha asked without even bothering with the courtesy of a glance in his direction, her tone so neutral Tony didn't know what to read into it.
Tony took her into his arms, checking her over and looking for bumps or bruises or anything that would—
"It's not. No one is going to lock us away in a lab and breed us until we're past our expiration dates — not Hydra or AIM or any other group that might be hiding out there in the shadows."
Barton shook his head and laughed a little. "You're gonna wish you hadn't said that," he murmured in a sing-song voice, and Wilson turned to Steve and Tony and said, "You figure out a boy's name yet?"
But Tony put a hand up to silence him and said, "Don't worry about it," nestling the baby closer to try and comfort her through her tears.
"You do know there's enzymes in saliva that break down food, right? So we can digest it easier? Oh, but please, spit into my jar of jelly."
"No," Steve said with a slight shake of his head. "Not that— I mean what was that about bonds severing and family passing?"
He gasped but didn't lift his head as he felt Steve push into him again, and he felt the warm release of Steve's seed as it spilled into him, his fingers digging into the headboard for purchase and to work through his own desperate need to just fucking
"You know, I'm really starting to re-evaluate the way I've treated women over the first forty-three years of my life. It's…like a completely different experience on this side of the gender divide. I almost think every man should live as a woman at least once in his life, just to see how the other half really lives."
"Am I that predictable?" Steve asked, sheepish, like he'd already been formulating his speech in his head.
"I'm lookin' right at him," Wilson said, staring at Barton, who just rolled his eyes and stabbed at his breakfast.
He was stopped from saying anything more by Natasha, who put her hand over his mouth and said, "You can argue later. We have to stop and get you something appropriate to wear before we go."
Tony wasn't sure that's what should have been her main takeaway from what they were telling her, but he still said, "Yeah? How?"
"Sure," he said and rolled his eyes. Whatever the nutcase believed. And then, because he was a glutton for punishment and not above contradicting himself in record time, he said, "Everyone was telling me Steve was dead, but I didn't— It was like I could still
"Yeah, but this year, I actually called up the mayor's office and asked them to make it extra nice for you."
"Hmm? Nothing. Bullshit work," he said, letting Steve kiss him but not acknowledging anything beyond that.
"Look, can you give me, like, five minutes to get some underwear and a bra on? Not that I'm really all
He laid the comforter down over Tony, and Tony only realized then how chilly he was covered only by the thin sheet that had come with the gurney. At least the shaking had subsided for the most part.
." He exhaled a breath. "I don't even want to think about what might have—" He clamped his mouth shut and shook his head, but he was unable to hide the shiver that afflicted him presumably at the thought of Tony falling into the clutches of Hydra.
"Twenty minutes tops, babe. And then the world will know the truth, not just a bunch of people at an art gallery."
"Never too early to start planning the next meal, Steven," he replied with a waggle of the eyebrows.
Wilson sniffed and folded his arms tight across his chest. "Yeah?" He nodded at Natasha. "I'm sure your girl would love to go with you."
He heard Steve take a sharp inhale of breath through his nose, but he said nothing beyond that. "Which apparently is a pretty open secret amongst Hydra. Also, he's not the only Winter Soldier." Steve let out the breath with a bit of a disgruntled grunt.
"Well, don't worry," Tony said and reached out to pat his arm. "That serum you've got flowing through your veins will beat the ever-living shit out of it if it tries anything."
Steve closed his eyes and swallowed, and Tony grinned again at the power he held in his hands. Steve could drive him crazy with lust no question, but Tony had a few tricks up his sleeve when it came to Steve. He'd only gotten himself off in this body a couple of times so far, but he was pretty sure he knew all the tricks of the trade — or at least the ones that were certain to satiate Steve's desire to watch him pleasure himself. Steve really wasn't all that picky when it came to that sort of stuff. He was easy to please in that regard. So long as he was assured that Tony was happy, he was happy.
Peter scowled. "I was just trying to help," he said, far too petulantly. "Seemed like you guys needed it."
'Cause maybe if he would've been there, Tony wouldn't be so damned determined to shoulder the entire burden of his grief alone. Maybe he would be willing to let Steve in, to help him, so they could help each other. Lean on each other.
To Tony’s shock, Obie actually looked chagrined.  “Okay, okay.  I’ll admit that was a little low, and I apologise.  It’s never polite to talk ill of the dead, and especially about Maria.”  He straightened his shoulders, setting down his glass.  “But I stand by my statement that the pharmaceutical division was only a drain on our resources, and as your Chief Financial Officer, it’s my job to make sure that Stark Industries does not tolerate any such thing.”
"Steve,” he finally said. “I don't—I don't understand how… you've never even seen him like this, so—" He broke off, a single tear trailing down his cheek as he locked eyes with Steve. "Pete's not sick in this picture, honey. You've drawn him like he's—like he's just a normal kid."
But it seemed that the closer Steve and Carol flew towards the barrier, the more intense the barrage became, repeatedly forcing them away from their exit points. Sweat dripped from Steve's forehead into his eyes, his hands gripping his controls so tightly that his knuckles ached as he noticed more aircraft being launched from the Meridian side.
Steve gave a nod, breathing in deep, ragged breaths as he listened to the comforting sound of Tony's heartbeat soothe his frazzled nerves. It was a bit funny, he'd always thought, that both he and Peter could be on the verge of an anxious breakdown, and Tony's first instinct with them both was always to bury his fingers into their hair and rest their ear against his chest so they could hear his heartbeat. Tony had told Steve a few times over the years that when Peter was a baby it'd been the only way he could get him to sleep, and lately Steve could understand why. The sound was almost magical, and nothing else could chase the demons away faster.
"Whoa!" Peter said for probably the zillionth time since they'd arrived. "You guys have Star Trek down here? That's so cool!"
"Please, don't think like that," Steve murmured as he brushed his thumb across Tony's nipple, earning a gasp in response. "Tá tú chomh taibhseach, agus tá an oiread sin grá agam duit."
"Yeah, 'cause you certainly spend most of your time slacking," Tony muttered, rolling his eyes as he stopped next to him. He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, tipping his forehead against his arm. "Didn't we just talk about you putting too much pressure on yourself? Or was that just me talking to myself again the other night?"
"He dies," Tony continued, as if he hadn't even heard Steve. "Right there, in my arms. And I can't do a single fucking thing to stop it."
Dr Strange rolled his eyes, pulling hard on his set of shimmering ropes. "Whenever you're ready, Stark!"
"I will," Steve said with a nod. He attempted a smile, one that Tony eagerly returned before pecking his lips in another kiss.
"Oh my God," Steve breathed as his heart started to thud. "Aren't those the same words that Bucky kept mumbling when we first brought him to the Tower?"
"It's not weakness, you know," Ma suddenly said a few moments later, startling him. She must've been seeing the others out.
Steve's hands paused and he leaned over, trailing his lips across Tony's cheekbone and down to his mouth. The kiss was sloppy, wet, and desperate, with Tony moaning in protest as soon as he pulled away.
"Ma," Steve said, cutting through the fog inside Tony's mind. He curled his arm around Tony's waist, giving him an almost imperceptible nod. "This is Tony."
"It was because he was really, really small, Captain," Pietro cut in, just as Tony noticed that he was holding some kind of clear container in his hands, the kind that Steve liked to store his leftovers in. "I only noticed him because we were still outside, and I saw the snowflakes jump."
Thor glanced down at his axe, twirling its handle in his hand. "I understand that, Captain. But if I can somehow make up for what I failed to do the last time, then I would hope you would allow me the opportunity. I am the strongest Avenger. It should be me."
If they were able to make it home, that is. At this rate, the only thing keeping Tony from pouncing on Steve as soon as they got back to the car was how mad Pepper would be if they got caught.
He couldn't afford to worry about that now, though. Peter was strong, despite Tony's uncanny ability to forget that particular fact, and clever enough to help defend himself if the need would so arise. Tony just had to trust in his son, and try to focus on the task at hand.
Steve huffed, shooting Bucky a scowl as he ran his comb through his hair, trying to smooth that one stubborn cowlick into place. "It would help a lot if you'd hold the light in the right place. I can't see anything when you're shining it right in my eyes!"
"As long as Iron Man here can acknowledge that under no circumstance can we bring the Time Stone to Thanos," Strange said in a low voice.
"I can't imagine ever getting used to seeing your child like this, sweetheart," Steve said, draping his arm across Tony's shoulders. "I know I'm sure not."
"And I've told you that you have no reason to be nervous," Steve said. He tugged on Tony's hand, pulling him up to his feet and wrapping his arms around Tony's waist. "Ma's gonna love you, sweetheart. There's nothing for you to be nervous about."
Apparently Mags wasn’t kidding when she said that swimmers are lean, if lean actually means cut from the finest fucking marble that’s ever existed.
"Dad, please, don't you think you should eat something?" Peter asked. "You know Papa doesn't like it when—"
"You're not gonna hurt me, honey," Tony pleaded, nearly growling in frustration. "Please, I need you right the hell—"
But, unlike Tony and Peter, HYDRA was supposed to be dead.  Gone.  Quashed when Steve defeated the Red Skull only minutes before he crashed his massive plane into the Arctic ice.
Beck looked taken aback. "Um, I'm an R&D Supervisor, sir, so I didn't require authorisation. Why? Is it a problem?"
The corners of Ma's lips twitched. "I figured that was the case when you brought him over," she said. "Your father proposed to me only a couple of days after he introduced me to his ma and papa."
"Huh?" Peter blinked as he shook his head, his eyes so scratchy and raw that they felt like they'd been coated with sand. "Sorry, I was just… I'm just kinda tired, and—"
"Yeah, it is, since the big guy and I will need it to make similar suits for the rest of us," said Tony. "I'll have JARVIS start on a couple spares right away."
Tony thought as he took a big sip of his coffee.  Then he leaned back in his chair, folding his hands behind his head.
"Colonel Phillips also called me this afternoon, Tony," said Sam. "As soon as Steve was airborne. Told us the whole thing."
Steve watched as the corporal disappeared behind a door on the opposite side of the ornate room. He stood at attention while he waited, his hands at his sides as he tried to keep his expression neutral. That morning had been the first time he'd been able to run again after the attack, and he'd practically ran himself into the ground trying to work through his nervousness. Steve had never been skilled at hiding his emotions, but it was going to be an absolute necessity now.
“Here.  Maybe biting down on this will help?” Tony says, handing it to Steve.  “Isn’t that what they used to do back in your day?”
Unfortunately, that same old-fashioned wall clock was now telling Tony that he needed to leave in about five minutes so he could pick up Peter from school, and he had absolutely no earthly clue what he was going to tell him.  There was no way he could hide what he knew.  Peter was far too perceptive, and had always had the uncanny ability to read Tony like a book with just one glance.  He was also missing his papa badly, and in the past few days had taken to asking Tony almost every hour on the hour if there had been any news from him.
Olivia looked up at the ceiling, face pinched, and muttered, "Friday woulda gotten it," and Rhodey snorted a laugh and said, "I can do a run. What kind of juice is it?"
the child of the Steve Rogers he knew in spirit and his in appearance. She was from another time and place. She wasn't his. She never had been.
The wait staff came into the room after that and began to bus their dishes, and Tony didn't miss the lingering looks of one of the waiters, almost like she was trying to figure out just what was going on and what she was seeing. Her coworker unceremoniously elbowed her and nodded at her to get back to work, and Tony quickly averted his gaze when it seemed the inquisitive one was about to look in his direction.
Tony was an egotistical jerk that was in it for himself and himself only. He was smarmy, manipulative, and took absolutely
He settled back against the headboard and folded his arms as he waited for the telltale signs of sleep from the little ball of energy laying there on what had once been Pepper's side of the bed (what that little ball of energy thought of as her Daddy's side of the bed), and in the quiet and the dark, he felt his eyelids droop a few times. He stubbornly fought to keep them open, but he figured a few minutes' rest wouldn't hurt him.
But the doors closed before Barton could get his plea out, and Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's head and said, "Want me to hit the emergency stop? We don't have to do anything. They'll just think we are doing something."
Hey, yeah, there was an idea. Rhodey. He should call Rhodey and see what he was up to. Maybe he could—
Tony snorted a laugh. "I'm just that good a bullshitter," he replied and wiped off excess sauce and juice from Olivia's chin.
, but it still meant something to him to hear it. Good as he felt about himself and as much as he'd come to tolerate what had been done to him, there was still that part of him that was unsure of everything, that thought perhaps people — and not just Steve (though that was…yeah, that was probably not the case now) — were repulsed by what they saw because Tony might have the appearance of a woman, but he had been a man and a pregnant one at that.
…out of you. It's about finally getting you to do what I wish we'd done six months ago. I'm not getting any younger, either, you know."
you don't meant that," he murmured, brushing his fingers from one hip to the other. Before Tony could say or do anything, he broke away and gave Tony the sweetest, most innocent smile he could muster.
She smiled then, though it sent a shiver down Tony's spine. She put a finger to her lips and kissed it, and horror dawned as Tony remembered what came next from that.
"I mean, you have everything that Howard had from what he'd built up or from what he'd gotten from his parents. You've got what
He went to reply that it was because it hadn't been anyone's business prior to this, but before he could, Steve said with a bit of wonder and realization, "That wasn't a TV in the background."
All three jumped and turned to see Natasha standing on the other side of the security desk, her makeup a little worn from a full day of wear, but the scarlet waves that cascaded past her shoulders looked like they'd just been set an hour ago. She braced her hands on the dark granite desk then leaned over and kissed her fiancé 'hello,' the silk of her royal blue dress reflecting off the warm lights from above, the diamond pendant necklace Bucky had given her on one of their anniversaries catching in the light, which matched the sheen from the tasteful diamond on her left ring finger.
She just glared at him. "Again, I am not your cosmic personal assistant — although," she said, and the annoyance on her face cleared to be replaced by a sort of wonder, "if you and your captain were interested, I do know of a way that you could see what sort of lives have come before—"
"And I will continue to be perfect, and a fucking large Coke isn't going to change anything overnight."
"Your rather overt hedonism of those years does not detract from your inner nature. After all, you are the one to have provided your friends with a home, are you not? You are the most concerned for their welfare and well-being. You ensure that they have all that they could possibly want or need: necessities like food and clothing and shelter, the tools of their trade to ensure they can keep on acting as protectors of this realm you call 'home,' a place to gather and a reason to be. You need these people around you — you wish them to be around you."
Natasha just snorted a laugh at him, and Rhodey called out from the hallway, "OK, they're not doing anything weird in there, are they?"
Tony watched him a moment then thrust the bottle out at him. "Fine. Then you can feed her the bottle."
Tony shrugged and extended his arm back down over the arm of the couch again. "I'm sure I can think of something you could do."
"Tell him to come up here," he told Natasha, not tearing his eyes away from the table. "I don't have stirrups, but I have a table we can use."
"Because this is a lot different than fucking around in the lab with your robots," Steve said, their squawking infant cradled in his arms. Even he looked beat, though Tony could tell he was trying to hide it. "Babies are a lot more demanding. They can't just power down or hang out in their charging stations."
Tony breathed out a laugh. "Jesus, if you think this is me 'handling it,' I'd hate to see how you'd actually deal with it."
He was actually able to get all three slices of toast down along with a full mug of orange juice, and much as he wanted to scurry on down to the lab and hide out there, he found himself instead curled up on the couch with Steve and watching the first
Steve was silent again, and there was some stupid, fucking Olivia Newton-John song playing quietly on the radio. Tony went to change the station, but Steve started talking again before he could, and the thought went right out of his head.
"And again with the 'L's," he murmured and stuck a slice of bread in the toaster. He turned his attention back to the pan and saw the butter was melted, and he took a breath and said, "Please be better than Pepper's. Please be better than Pepper's. Please be better than Pepper's," and cracked an egg into the pan. He seasoned it and began to scramble it up, and he grimaced a little as he tried to judge when it would be done. Was it already done? Was anything still running? Was it firm enough? He didn't want to feed some other Tony's kid undercooked eggs. Fuck, if she got sick, that other Tony would probably repulsor the shit out of him when he found out.
"It would explain Tony Stark's disappearance, for one. It would also explain how you happen to have all of his information. What it doesn't explain is why you wouldn't have had
Tony sighed yet again, but there was a hint of a smile on his face, and he sat back further, pulling his arms away from Steve so he could more fully look at him in the face.
She smiled in what counted as 'mirth' for the Black Widow then went off to join Bruce to talk about…something, and Tony rolled his eyes because he might have the voice of a woman and the body of a woman…and he might have been pregnant…but damn it, he was still a man, he still considered himself Steve's fiancé with only one 'E,' and yes, he'd been a shitty boyfriend in the past, and no amount of Natasha telling him he hadn't been would change that.
want to even begin to wonder if there was something more nefarious — or demonic — about this child, especially given the…unique circumstances of its conception.
"He told me I was his first," Tony said. "But I'm not exactly sure what Steve considers 'sex.' Much as I explain to him that it is, I don't think he considers getting sucked off 'sex.' Or eating out, for that matter."
"Alone?" she said with a slight laugh, her tone warm and teasing, and Tony groaned as he realized he'd said that aloud. "What makes you think you're alone? Are you ever alone? Is there ever
She reached out and put her hands to either side of his belly, and a wide, happy smile broke out over her exquisite face. "I can feel her moving… Wow! She—" She looked up and met Tony's eyes. "Does it hurt? I mean, she's really active, isn't she?"
So, channeling what he'd seen Jarvis do time and again in his younger days, he mixed up the batter as best he remembered it, dipped the bread, and set it to cook on the flat griddle pan he'd found in a cabinet somewhere. Funny how well-stocked and organized a former SHIELD safe house could be (so
Tony just eyed over the sleeveless dress with the scooped back, and he pinched the fabric between his fingers and said, "Is this a joke?"
Steve just nodded, and Tony could tell he was still fighting with himself over whether or not to believe, and Tony watched Olivia slurp on her bottle a bit more then said, "So,
is why it was you, why it has always been you. It could never have been your bonded. You both fight for life, but he does not give life; he merely takes it away. You give life, you create life, and now—" she nodded her head at the infant cradled in Tony's arms, "—you bear it with your own body."
He set the phone back down on the table and stretched out, and he lay there a few more moments and thought about waiting there until Steve got home and then making Steve sit on the coffee table and just feed him right where he was. But that would mean the potential for jelly and powdered sugar all over the couch and the carpet, and he groaned out the rest of his sleep and struggled to sit up, glaring down at his abdomen and wondering how much worse this could possibly get.
"Half-price cosmos," Pepper explained with a shrug, and Hill nodded her agreement then grabbed her purse and said, "I've got first round. What do you want?"
hanging around. I don't want you running off to missions or taking down governments or fighting off invaders. Leave that to the other guys.
that I need a second lover, obviously. It's just— Look, you'll understand in about, oh, eighteen years, though if you're anything like me, you'll be subsisting on this stuff by the time you're thirteen, and it'll stunt your growth, which is probably a good thing 'cause if you really do have that super-soldier serum in you — which you probably do because I think it's pretty apparent that even I do now — then no matter how intimidating it might make you, you don't want to be seven feet tall."
"Maybe so," Steve said in that annoyingly diplomatic way, and Tony rolled his eyes and stifled a groan because Steve was in too fucking deep here to see the forest for the trees, "but he's ready— He's not running any longer. He— He's ready to come home."
He huffed a little and said, "Because Steve and I are 'soul mates.'" Again, he used finger quotes on the expression. "And as 'soul mates,' it is our job to 'be fruitful and multiply.' Can't do that in my other body without some help so—"
The guy put his hand to Tony's abdomen, and something harsh and cold seized him and screamed through his veins — almost like the exact opposite feeling to when Steve put his hand there. He shivered and pushed past it and said, "You seem like just the kind of man for us."
"Daddy needs to clean up after himself," she said definitively, like it was the last word on the matter. "I clean up after myself! I put my toys away!"
"So…we're friends?" Cap said like he was trying to find a silver lining for some gray loud that had come over him. "I mean, beyond you evidently sending me through a hole into an alternate universe past to rescue her, that is."
Pepper muttered something under her breath. He couldn't make out what it was, but something told him he didn't want to know in any case.
It took a moment, but Steve seemingly mustered the courage to meet Tony's gaze, and Tony took a quiet inhale of breath at the heartbreak and fear that stared back at him. His eyes did a dance with Steve's for a moment before he said, "Just tell me. 'Yes' or 'no' will do. But just tell me, are you afraid that if you…if you let yourself be happy — with me — that you're going to lose me?"
"I just do, all right? It's just— She was talking about things that made no sense. People we'd never heard of and things that had never happened like— She was surprised that I still had my arc… reactor…"
"Why am I adopting more of his habits than he is mine?" he muttered then said, "Be a little more vague about it, J, would you?"
. You're not the one that was turned into a woman, you're not the one that got knocked up, you're not the one that has to go through with it under pain of death. You're not the one sitting there having your entire identity screwed with because you happily identified as a male for the first forty-three years of your life and suddenly had that taken away from you, and you're now a woman — and a pregnant woman at that. I'm scared, Steve. I'm fucking terrified because I'm starting to not even know who I am, and the longer this goes on, the harder it's going to be to figure out."
Bucky just shrugged, moving from the bottom 'E' string to the 'A' string. "She should have options, don't you think?"
"You're embarrassing yourself. Just act like yourself. Stop pretending to be some goofy frat boy hipster."
"Are actual real-life superheroes that take on the bad guys from every realm in the cosmos on a regular basis? Yeah. And you and me?" He motioned between them. "Captain America and Iron Man? We lead that bunch of misfits and freaks. Think of the Avengers like your Commandos except with more advanced weaponry and superpowers. And probably a lot more interpersonal drama."
Steve shrugged. If Tony didn't know better, he'd say the move came off as sheepish. "Just a little…reading up on pregnancy."
"Prisoner in my own goddamned Tower? Yeah, Steve, I am. Whatever. It's not like I can do anything about it. I should just take the word 'choice' and the entire meaning of it out of my vocabulary. Would save me a lot of trouble in the long run."
"Yeah, well," he said and shrugged. "It was kind of easy. Both wanted our best pals' names. Luckily for us, both of them are named 'James.' Flipped a coin for the middle name. I lost that one."
Tony just made a 'hmm' sound and rocked a little in the chair. "Nothing to it, really. My body seemed to know what to do more than Bruce did. I listened to my body more than Bruce."
Tony nodded and rubbed his belly some more. "Huh. Guess it was an alternate universe after all," he murmured.
"You do. I know the cocky bullshit is just for show. You are probably the most insecure person I know, and man, if I had the chance to go back and belt Howard one, don't think I wouldn't take it."
"Nah, I'll just have dry toast. The thought of that doesn't seem to send my stomach into somersaults."
Tony snorted a laugh. He went to tease him about being 'old,' but remembering their discussion in the car, he simply said, "Sure, why not? What time is it, anyway?"
It was hard to say that for certain, though. He didn't talk much, and Tony got the feeling that Steve was expecting more of Barnes than Barnes would be able to give — at least yet — but he was good for a look or a crack every now and then, and later that afternoon, as they packed up their stuff to take back to the city, Steve scratched the back of his head and said, "Uh, honey?"
Steve's brows drew together, and before he knew it, he was pulled against Steve's broad chest, and Steve was holding him and rubbing his back and shushing him and telling him it was going to be OK.
Pepper, oh, dear, sweet Pepper, in a fit of curiosity befitting her inebriation at that club they'd gone to back in the spring, just said, "Does it
Steve considered this for a moment, fork poised to dig into a container of pork fried rice. "My ma wouldn't know what to do with herself."
Steve shot Tony a concerned look over Peter's head, one that Tony volleyed right back at him. Both he and Steve had noticed a few clingy tendencies in their son over the summer, but with how aloof he could sometimes be and how grumpy he still was about not being allowed to do his patrols, Tony just assumed it was just yet another part of his wonky teenager mood swings.
“I found this when I went digging for more information on the bullets,” he said.  “Dad, Obie hid Regina’s employee file and replaced it with these documents on the bullets ‘cause he thought there’d be no way in hell that you’d ever go back in there.  That's the only reasonable explanation for why it’s there.  And since you ordered it encrypted, then—”
Tony huffed out a sharp breath as he snuck a glance over at Steve, who was pacing back and forth about five metres away, his gloved hands gripping his belt and his jaw so tight it could looked like it could cut through vibranium.
"You're welcome, of course," replied Dr Cho as she began removing the leads from Peter's head and packing up the machine. Then she adjusted a setting on Peter's IV pump and tucked his blankets up, her soft touch and concerned expression only reinforcing how much she adored Peter.
"You are an absolute saviour," Tony whispered to Rhodey as he handed him the phone, cradling the precious coffee cup in both of his hands as he practically stuck his nose down inside it, inhaling the delectable scent. It had been far too long—weeks, in fact—since he'd been able to find any of his favourite beverage, and after the horrible couple of days he'd just had it couldn't have come at a better time.
“No one said that you're going to die, Captain,” Doctor List said quietly.  “But, unfortunately, I cannot promise that you will not come close.  You see, Dr Erskine was actually a very selfish man.  He never saw fit to write down or record his secret formula, and so for years, decades really, scientists have been forced to start from scratch in their attempts to replicate it.  But none of them have been successful.  None of them have really even come close, so, pardon me, but I’m sure you can understand just how difficult it must be.  To have so much potential sitting right there, just barely out of reach.”  His sneer transformed into a smile, a wide, leering grin.  “But now, Captain, now that we have you, well… dare I say that finally, victory may very well be within our grasp.”
"Yes, sir," Steve answered, raising his eyebrow in what he hoped was a clear message that no, everything was
"No, I'm not," Dad stated, his jaw doing that funky twitching thing that it always did when he was extra mad. "Howard's had way too many chances to not screw up over the years, and he's wasted every single one of 'em. I'm not giving him anymore."
Hand-in-hand, Steve and Tony headed down the hallway to a conference room, one that had been freshly cleaned from the looks and smell of it. The infirmary floor at the Compound, while as well-stocked as any major hospital and even sporting its own operating room, didn't really get all that much use. In fact, Steve was fairly certain that aside from some minor laboratory mishaps and the occasional illness, Dr Cho and the other medical doctor who rotated through the infirmary didn't see all that many patients, leaving them plenty of time to pursue whatever research projects they were currently involved in.
Tony whimpered a few seconds later, rolling his hips against Steve's and pulling a choked gasp from his throat. Steve nodded against Tony's neck, curling his arm around his waist and rolling them so he was almost on his back, with Tony half on top of him. Tony had told him months ago that this was his favourite position for making love, his back against Steve's chest with Steve beneath him, and while it was a bit harder for Steve to see Tony's face this way, he loved that it allowed his hands to roam freely across Tony's incredible body.
Too overwhelmed to speak, Tony simply nodded, tilting his head back to capture Steve's lips in a sloppy kiss as he clenched down around him, the coil in his gut winding tighter and tighter and tighter as Steve suddenly went rigid behind him, crying out his climax into Tony's shoulder.
"Take that, you ugly piece of shit!" he muttered as the missile embedded itself right below the neck of the suit and exploded, shearing the suit's head clean off before the rest of it impacted against the wall.
"To us," Steve said. "To celebrating one of the happiest days of my life, and for the lifetime to come."
“Uh huh.”  Replacing his goggles, Peter ducks down under the surface and pushes off the wall.  Butterfly was always his favourite stroke during his lessons, but also the most tiring, leaving him huffing and puffing by the time he gets back to the wall.
And then Papa finished, handing Dad the tablet with the exact look of resigned horror on his pale face that Peter had both predicted and dreaded. His fingers tightened every-so-slightly on Peter's shoulder as Dad read, almost as though he was afraid that Peter was going to be snatched away from him if he let go.
"Oh, no, little guy, that's not what I'm thinking at all," Papa assured him. He curled his arm around Peter's shoulders, pulling him into a tight hug. "I'm just… well… before I met you and your dad, I just never… I never allowed myself to even think about getting married or having a family because I didn't want to torture myself with thoughts of something that I'd never have. And now… in about ten minutes' time, I'll have everything that I ever wanted."
of her head slamming into the concrete floor, then she wouldn't go, and that wouldn't be fair to her. Gwen was brilliant, and she deserved the best opportunities that she could find. And if that meant taking one that took her across the ocean from him, then Peter would just have to learn how to deal with it.
"Stop," Tony said, brushing his fingers across Steve's lips. "Stop that right now. You stayed by my side in the hospital for weeks while I was out of commission, so now it's my turn. In sickness and in health, right?"
"Oh God, Pete," he sobbed into Peter's wild curls. Peter let out a grunt as Tony tucked his head under his chin, gliding his palms up and down his boy's back.
"Of course I do," Tony said firmly. "Which is exactly why you ever-so-bluntly informed Nick that there was no way in hell I was going to accompany you guys on this mission. Or Barton, for that matter. Us househusbands have to stay home and look after the kids."
But since he couldn't, he simply tensed his abs and sat up, his arms curling around Tony's body as he buried his face in Tony's shoulder, gasping as Tony shifted on the bed so his knees were pressing into the mattress, trapping his cock between them.
"Oh, no reason, just asking," Ned answered, clearing his throat. "Ah, thanks, Liz, for the invitation! I should be able to come."
“All right, little guy,” Papa said softly.  He sucked in a deep breath and glanced over at Dad, who gave him an encouraging nod.  “Let’s do this.”
"Guess Flash is trying to show off his new car," Peter said. He swung his backpack over his shoulder, shaking his head.
"Yeah, I—I draw stuff in there sometimes, but… you sit in front of me in most of our classes, so… how do you know all of this? You got eyes in the back of your head or something?"
"Who the hell are you?" it asked in the most evil, bone-chilling version of Dad's voice that Peter could possibly imagine, only amplifying the nearly-continuous shivers bolting down Peter's back.
Three strokes from the wall, Steve takes a breath, hitting his flip turn on an absolutely perfectly-timed downstroke.  His left shoulder twinges again as he pushes off from the wall, but he barely notices it, too focused on that painted black line leading him down the stretch towards home, and the gold medal he hopes is waiting for him.
"I did. But Tony, he's… Peter needs a heart operation, one that he should've had a long time ago, and the government's been holding it over Tony's head for years while they practically work him to death, and—"
Gwen gave a shrug, smirking as she popped the rest of her apple into her mouth and reached for a French fry. "My dad says I have good instincts, says I get it from him, which is pretty important if you're a police officer." She leaned closer, whispering, "And he's always had eyes in the back of his head. He says that his instincts are one of the things he relies on the most for his work, so…"
"Uh huh," Peter said. He flinched as yet another reporter called out his name, burrowing down behind Tony's arm. "Daddy, I don't—I don't wanna talk to them. Too loud… it's too loud… I can't… I don't wanna—"
"Then we snap our own fingers," Tony said firmly. "And we get rid of all the Chitauri and all the Thanoses in all the universes. We finish this whole goddamn thing once and for all."
So tired of shivering all the time, so tired of being so weak, of the constant coughing and struggling to breathe, so tired of his blue lips and fingers and his pounding heart that was like a tire spinning in the mud, making a huge mess but going absolutely nowhere.
And even though Steve had been the one to ask Tony to sleep apart the previous night out of tradition, he had ended up sleeping so poorly without Tony in the bed next to him that he'd already decided he would never, ever do that again.
And when he didn't, when he came home completely empty-handed after getting dumped from both of the relay teams—and having to watch those relay teams fail to medal—Ma simply hid the unused box away with her things and never mentioned a single word about it.
"But lowering his body temp would help him not need as much oxygen," said Peter. "And it would lower his metabolism a bit too. Maybe they could tell Papa to—"
"No," Steve said as he jerked away, so softly that he knew there was no chance that James would hear him. There was no way he could look up into the face of his husband's oldest friend, wearing armour that his husband had made for him, all while not knowing if—
Carefully, Steve trails his fingertips down the expertly folded ribbon and across the raised markings on the centremost medal.  A knot rises in his throat as he recalls how proud he felt that day, when he leaned down so the Olympic official could drape the medal across his neck, congratulating him on his world-record win in the 100-metre freestyle.
The general eyed Steve up and down, finally nodding once as she resumed her guard position. "Very well."
"Yeah, I've actually got one more," Bucky said. "Why are we even thinking about going into space in the first place? Just for the hell of it? To show the Meridians that we can?"
Steve grinned, knowing all too well the kind of trouble the three of them tended to get into when they were bored. "Yeah, I do. I'll be down in a minute."
Sam leaned forward, lowering his voice. "Well, if it's any consolation, it's happened to Bucky too, and not just once. He's dreamt about falling from the train too many times for me to count, but lately he's been telling me he's been seeing me in those dreams too, along with you and the rest of your Howling Commando teammates. And that he knows that we're together when he falls."
"Don't, Tony!" Rhodey hissed when Tony took another step forward. "You know he's just trying to bait you, don't give into it!"
As soon as Fury exited the office, Sam tapped Tony on the shoulder, his arm still firmly wrapped around Bucky’s waist.
To Peter's surprise, Steve's cheeks immediately flushed a deep pink. "Actually, I didn't do a lot of tree-climbing when I was little, Peter," he said, clearing his throat. "But I don't mind trying to draw the perfect climbing tree now if that's what you'd like."
"What the hell is that thing?" demanded Clint as soon as he jumped from the bike. "It looks like a really fucked-up version of the abominable snowman!"
"Ah, yes, Mr Stark and Dr Banner," said T'Challa. "I have heard of them both as well. My sister would be very eager to meet such a group of well-renowned geniuses, as she is one herself." He cleared his throat, nodding towards Thor. "I am guessing that you are about to inform me that you believe there is something of great importance hidden somewhere inside my country. Is that correct?"
"I'd say this has been a pretty hectic day, don't you think?" Steve said. "I'm really looking forward to taking you and Peter home."
“Then that includes this.”  Steve jerked his head, referring to his uniform.  “Tony, I haven't worn this since I got out because I was trying so hard to forget I’d ever served in the first place—”  He broke off, swallowing against the rising knot in his throat.  “But now… knowing what I know… I feel like I owe it to them.  I owe it to all of my teammates that got hurt or were killed over there in Sokovia because of the pathological greed of the very people who should’ve been trying to protect them the most!”
"Yes, that seems to be a common trait among geniuses. Or at least among the geniuses that I know," Steve said, curling his arm around Tony's shoulders. "It was nice to see you again, Mr Stacy, I hope you have a nice rest of your day."
He did at least manage to work some more on his shoulder exercises, and can now raise his arm above his head with only a slight amount of pain, rather than the raging firestorm he forced himself through earlier.  He’s still not planning on getting into the water today, especially since he has no swimsuit or towel with him, but maybe in the next couple weeks he can start thinking about it.
“The printers are more important, Obie,” Tony said firmly.  “Ms Roberts’ team has already been robbed multiple times, at the cost of thousands of dollars.”  He didn't bother mentioning the poor aid worker who’d gotten killed, as he knew Obie wouldn’t’ve given a damn anyway.  “Being able to manufacture their own medicines on the spot as they need them will save the Foundation a ton of money in the long run.  The printers are cheap, and the chemicals are cheap.  They are worth it.  And our assembly lines can more than handle the workload.”
If anyone was a true hero, it was Peter. The military could gloat all they wanted about how long it had been since the last successful Meridian attack or how much safer Langaran citizens were under their protection, but Tony knew that it was all just a bunch of propaganda.
"Tell me what you want, mo grá," Steve murmured as he slid Tony's loose shorts and underwear down his tanned, toned legs, tossing them over his shoulder. He traced his fingertips down Tony's temple to his jaw and across his full bottom lip, in absolute awe of the beautiful man lying beneath him. "Tell me how I can pleasure you."
And Dad did call Papa out sometimes on what he coined, "his 1940's mentality" and how ridiculous he could be about certain things because of it, but for some reason Papa was absolutely refusing to see that he really needed help, and Peter knew it was causing Dad a whole lot of stress, which Dad really didn't need on top of everything else that he was already stressed about. Papa wasn't the only one who worried about Dad's heart, slightly enhanced genes or not.
"Yes, eventually he did. Especially since Mrs Barnes never had to go to work even after her husband died," Grandma said, with only a touch of bitterness. "She still got a monthly allowance even though her husband wasn't killed in action. He died of a heart attack when the boys were teenagers."
The tip of the arrow penetrated the ice only about a centimetre or so, a testament to its strength. Tony braced himself as best he could, but the resulting shockwave was still strong enough to knock him sideways, sending him skidding across the surface as Clint leapt forward to start removing debris.
There had to be a way for Peter to take some of his dads' burden from them without overtly disobeying them, there just
“No, it’s not that so much either,” Steve cuts in.  “It’s not about who’s the smartest, it’s…”  He pauses, tugging on his scruffy chin whiskers as he remembers old Coach Phillips, and how most of his instruction seemed to make absolutely no sense at all, until it did.
"The only kicker is that we'd need to use up almost the entire supply of vibranium in order to build the casing system," Peter said. "Which would mean—"
The fact that he didn't have to worry about not being able to see Gwen much over the summer was pretty awesome too. Since she had been offered the summer internship position at Stark Industries, Peter was planning on meeting her in the SI cafeteria every day for lunch during the weeks when they weren't up at the Compound, and they had already planned a movie date for the following weekend, accompanied by Uncle Clint and Auntie Nat.
To Steve, the distinct, sharp smell represents the sport that saved him from a life filled with nothing but inhalers, breathing treatments, and the occasional hospital stay when even those couldn't keep his airways open enough for him to breathe properly.  If it wasn’t for the overworked Emergency Department doctor who offhandedly suggested to Steve’s ma that he try swimming, thinking that the humid air and controlled environment might help his asthmatic lungs rather than injure them further, Steve firmly believes that eventually one of his severe attacks would’ve ended up killing him.
"Yeah, but the timing doesn't work out. He was still standing in Pepper's office bitching at the HR guy when the server was accessed."
And yet, it still managed to hit Steve like a freight train every single time one of them didn't make it back to the barn.
Ned shrugged. "Some kind of signal scrambler thing-a-ma-jig. Apparently it's supposed to disrupt targeting signals if something's aiming at you. I tried to tell her that that's not really how that stuff works, and even if it was, if this is coming from those same aliens who attacked us before it probably wouldn't help anyway. But ever since she saw it she's been bugging my dad about it, which means we'll probably end up getting one."
"Yeah, I know," Tony said against Steve's chest. He glanced at the clock on the wall, noting that it was time to pick Peter up from school and grabbed Steve's hand, interlacing their fingers.
Steve's reply got caught in his throat as Tony's hand slipped beneath the elastic of his pants, his nimble fingers curling around his already aching erection as he caught Steve's lips again, his tongue slipping into Steve's mouth to taste him. Sensation flooded Steve's body like a wave as he met Tony's tongue with his own, chasing away the throbbing, fiery pain, and he wrapped his arms around Tony's middle, shifting him so he was straddling Steve's waist.
"Ah, yep," said Bruce. "And it was a good thing that he did, since one of the guys trying to steal the particles ended up being exposed as a HYDRA mole."
Whether or not he would get to all of the items on his list remained to be seen, but just as he did every other day, he would take things one list item at a time.
"Oh, really? Well, you'd be one tall-ass hobbit, that's for sure," Sam said, laughing as he tore off a chunk of his blueberry scone. "So, how many breakfasts have you had, then?"
Steve laughs.  “Yeah, I’m sure you are.  And you might be sore tomorrow too, but that’s completely normal, okay?  Just try and make sure that you’re getting enough sleep, and soon enough your body will adjust to the new activity and you won't even notice it anymore.”
“Hey,” Steve replied as he buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, inhaling his musky, coconutty scent.  He closed his eyes as he breathed it in, letting it wash over him like a warm summer rain as he started trailing kisses along his boyfriend’s smooth skin.  Like Steve, Tony was shirtless, as they had found that Steve tended to sleep better with more skin-to-skin contact, and he couldn't help but let a soft moan escape his lips, desire welling deep inside his gut.
Tony yelled, shoving Steve backwards so hard that he stumbled backwards into the fence, with Tony taking advantage of his momentary disorientation to aim a series of repulsor shots at the creature to distract it just before diving down into the frigid water.
A knot the size of a bouncy ball rose in Tony’s throat.  Leave it to Peter to be more worried about Steve than his own injured self.
Tony's heart fluttered. The restaurant in question was not cheap by any standards, and to add a fifty percent tip on top of the cost was…
"Yeah, but that right there's the same kind of thinking that got us into this whole damn mess in the first place," said Sam. "It's not a matter of who shot first anymore, it's all about who keeps shooting."
his father, not you! You're just… you're just an old drunken liar who doesn't have anything better to do than torment people!"
"Yeah—yes, sir." Peter held out his hand, biting his lip to keep from cringing when Mr Toomes took it. "I'm Peter. Peter Stark-Rogers, and I'm on the Decathlon team with Liz."
"Okay, JARVIS is right, but can you tell me what these drones will be able to do?" Steve asked warily. "Because if it's what I'm thinking, then this sounds an awful lot like Project Insight, and Tony, I'm not sure if—"
"No one's gonna get you, buddy," Tony said firmly as he ran his fingers through Peter's hair. "No one's gonna ever get you, not while any of us are alive."
“You just thought you’d try and help out a guy you barely know,” Tony said.  He reached over, patting Peter on the knee.  “‘Cause that’s what you do, yeah?”
Besides. Who better to help Bucky cheer up a bit than Peter, who despite his illness was literal sunshine in the form of a human child. Steve was convinced that if given the chance, Peter could probably even charm the socks off of old, crusty General O'Brien himself.
And then, three strokes later, Steve glances ahead and sees the wall.  Instinctively, he increases the bends of his elbows slightly, trying to ensure that he’ll touch the wall with his arm outstretched as he increases the speed of his kicks.  Phillips had Steve practising his touches on his very first day of swim practise, before his freshman year even started, and kept it up through all four years of his college seasons.  Every single practise, no matter how exhausted Steve was or how much he tried to beg it off, the last fifteen minutes were always devoted to touches.
It doesn’t escape Steve’s notice that even despite the mind-numbing pain that he’s in, he was still able to notice how much he liked having Tony’s hand on his hip, for however brief a time it was.
Tony’s stomach was churning so violently as he helped Peter out of the car that he was surprised he hadn’t yet puked his guts out all over the floor of the garage.  He had managed to push most of what had happened out of his mind as he comforted Peter through his nearly three-hour stay in the Emergency Room, but now that they were almost home it was all rushing back with a vengeance.
Peter shrugged, earning a deep frown from Gwen. "Not like I was hurting anyone. I wasn't even making any noise."
"Well, I'd like to say that I'm sorry, guys, but… I'd be lying," Sam said as the final Mets batter struck out to end the game and the entire stadium erupted in boos. Steve watched as the frustrated batter slammed his bat down onto the plate as the entire Nationals dugout emptied onto the field, the players all celebrating their playoff win.
"It's just not the same, Peter, okay?" Uncle Bucky snapped. "It's not—I can't even hold him the same way anymore!"
“Absolutely.  You know Pete can’t wait to see ya.”  Tony pulled out his phone as Rhodey said goodbye to Steve, running a quick check of the news reports.  As he had suspected, right there on the front page of just about every major outlet was a photograph of Obie getting led out of Stark Tower in handcuffs, the headlines reading,
"I ran out and got them some more, but it has been awhile since we've been to the grocery store, so I was thinking we could go tomorrow night after dinner," added Papa. "As long as you're done with your homework."
"No, Tony, it's not," Steve said firmly. "There's no excuse for anyone who deliberately neglects their child, I don't care what the circumstances are."
"You are?" Peter had asked, as the biggest smile Steve had ever seen spread across his sweet face. "You really love him?"
"Is there no way to move it away from the lake?" Steve asked. "If it's drawing its power from the water, moving it away might help."
Tony glanced over at Peter's monitor, at his son lying there motionless while his mind tried to repair itself yet again. "What about the other names on the list?"
"No, of course it isn't, but… I just don't think Tony would appreciate people talking about him is all."
After double-checking the locks on the front door and getting a refill on his coffee, Tony pads down the hall to his bedroom and boots up his computer.  But instead of immediately going to work on his program, he double-clicks on YouTube, his fingers hovering over the keyboard as he tries to convince himself that what he’s about to do isn’t akin to stalking or something.
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking too," agreed Tony. "Which is why it's even more important for you two to stay as vigilant as you can. We've already discovered that Meridia was copying almost all of our tech, and—"
Tony shrugs, but Steve can’t help but notice the gleam of pride hidden in his eyes.  “Yeah, well, you're not exactly one of my holograms, right?  So I’m just triple-checking a couple of things here before I…”
After all of that, falling in love with Tony and adopting Peter had seemed almost too good to be true. A reward, perhaps, for overcoming all of his previously un-overcomable odds, one that paid dividends every single hour of every single day.
“I agree.”  With how busy the three of them had been in the last few months, at work and at school, it really was the perfect time for their inaugural trip to their new upstate home.  Stark Industries had expanded rapidly in the last year, forcing Tony to start converting some of the old warehouses that used to house weapons into laboratories, office space, and condos.  And one of those condos, located at the very top of one of the newly renovated buildings, Tony had developed into a second home for the three of them, presenting its floor plan and deed to Steve as a gift for their first wedding anniversary.
"Yes, yes," Thor said once he'd downed most of his glass of lemonade in three huge gulps. "It would be my honour to escort young Starkson and his sweet lady friend to the revelry you people like to call hockey. Especially since Starkson has informed me it is that much more exciting to view these sporting events while they take place in the arena than on the viewscreen."
They had also held a press conference the day before, attended only by journalists hand-picked by Pepper, where Steve laid out his entire story in what Peter called PG-13 detail, starting with his arrest following he and Tony's anniversary dinner and ending when he was finally released from the Atlanta hospital to come home. Images that Tony recorded from his HUD along with several documents that Bruce had been able to capture from the prison's computer systems were also released to a few selected news stations, further corroborating the growing pile of evidence against not only many of the men and women holding high positions in the government and other agencies, but also various news outlets.
Steve's face fell, enhancing the deep worry wrinkle between his eyebrows. "Tony, we've talked about this multiple times. I said that I didn't—"
“Yeah, I know,” Steve chokes out.  He’s seen enough severe war wounds to know when one is bad enough to require intervention while still in the field, and his leg is definitely one of those.  Already he can feel the telltale pins-and-needles sensation as the serum goes to work on his injuries, which means they don’t have a lot of time to get his bones back into place before they become fused in their improper position.
“Because unless I am working with incomplete information, no military branch of the United States currently has any official business in Sokovia,” said JARVIS.  “Which means that—”
And there, in their luxurious shower, for the next thirty or so minutes Steve showed Tony just how precious he was to him, and how much he loved him, bringing him to climax twice by the time they were too waterlogged to continue. Not to be outdone, Tony then ordered JARVIS to initiate the sauna setting in their bathroom before pushing Steve onto the wide bench lining the wall of the shower so he could suck him off for the third time, leaving Steve so wobbly by the time he was done that he could barely walk. He only managed to regain some measure of strength when JARVIS sternly announced that Sam had been waiting for him in the kitchen for the last fifteen minutes, and that Colonel Rhodes had just arrived from D.C.
Glancing up at the clock, Peter braced himself as the bell rang, announcing the end of the lunch hour.
"No, probably not, but it seems like something new has come up that's got you upset," Gwen said. "'Cause you didn't seem this melancholy last night on the phone."
"It makes sense," answered Tony. "The conversation that Pete overheard at that party, the attacks on the convoys, and Toomes' refusal to talk, it all makes sense. And part of Hammer's company is based in New York City, which just happens to be where Beck's renegade server was accessed from."
"Well, I s'pose for someone who's lived all her life in Hawaii, New York sounds kind of exciting," he said. "I bet it's a lot busier than where she lives."
"Oh you are, and you know it," Bucky said. "And look, I know I kinda gave you a hard time about it before, but if you really think this guy is worth it, then I say go for it."
did it feel amazing. Steve was not only inside him he was all around him, their bodies and souls joined together so perfectly that tears sprang to Tony's eyes.
Digging his heels against the wall, Peter leapt onto probably the last intact chair, pausing only long enough to catch his balance as he jumped towards the broken wall next to Chief Stacy, grabbing onto his arm and hauling him up across his shoulders into a fireman's carry. Peter could feel the man's breath on his neck, so he knew he was at least still alive, but Peter also knew that the air was getting dangerously thin with the continued fires, and his mind was still sluggish from the unfinished trigger words.
"Yeah, I'm—I'm okay," Peter said, flinching as something he could only describe as a giant wearing a space suit suddenly skidded to a halt about ten metres away, connecting its massive right fist with some weird alien's chin and sending him flying into a pack of what looked like really bad-CGI versions of the wargs from Lord of the Rings. "But—but what—? What
"That's right, hot stuff," Tony said, over and over as Steve shuddered and trembled, their interlaced fingers still curled around Tony's cock. "Fuck, you're just so gorgeous when you let go!"
“You seem a bit tired there, buddy,” Tony says, taking the swimming bag before Peter can hurt himself with it.  “Should probably hit the sack as soon as you’re done with your homework, don't you think?”
"Well, it sure didn't seem like she thought you smelled funny back at the school," Uncle Bucky said. "She seemed pretty smitten, if you ask me."
"Phoenix Three, standing by," said Carol, her voice alight with barely-contained excitement. Out of the corner of his eyes Tony saw Rhodey smile, his pride momentarily overcoming his own nervousness.
"Yeah, and he can concern all he wants, but she's still gonna end up going," Peter said bitterly. "'Cause once she gets in, not even her dad's gonna be able to say no. I mean, how could he? It's Oxford!" He sniffed as the waitress set their overflowing floats down in front of them, his eyes burning with tears as he tried to unwrap his straw with shaking fingers. Apparently he was still a lot more upset about it than he'd thought.
Peter let out a soft chuckle at Dad's words. "Packs a wallop" was something he'd heard Papa say a ton of times over the years, but he'd never heard Dad say it until now.
"It is my theory that three of the six infinity stones are currently housed here, on Midgard," said Thor. "One inside Loki's sceptre, one inside the tesseract, which is currently in the possession of New Asgard, and the third in Wakanda."
"I mean, I know they probably don't have the same appetites that you and your papa have," she said once they'd sat down in the kitchen's eating area. "But they still eat a ton."
But at the same time Peter had to admit that it gave him a bit of relief, even a small measure of peace. His dads were superheroes, as were all of his extended family, his aunt and uncles, and so far they had proven that they could defeat any evil that had dared to challenge them. Whether it was space aliens, disgruntled former Stark Industries employees, or secret embedded Nazi organisations, as long as Dad and Papa were together and the Avengers were a team, they were pretty much unstoppable.
“Thank you, Colonel.”  Clearing his throat, Tony handed Rhodey the papers and took Steve’s hand, looking Obie straight in the eye.  “Mr Obadiah Stane, allow me to introduce Captain Steven Grant Rogers, U.S. Army Special Forces, retired.  During his twenty years of impeccable Army service, Captain Rogers graduated from the Army’s Officer Candidate School with the highest marks in his class, and, due to his outstanding leadership ability and a tactical mind that was second-to-none, he was then given the command of one of only six operating Special Forces units.  As you can see, he is the recipient of the Bronze Star medal, which, as you may or may not know, is awarded to members of the United States Armed Forces for either heroic achievement, heroic service, meritorious achievement, or meritorious service in a combat zone.  Although, with regards to Captain Rogers, he received his Bronze Star for all four of those exemplary qualifications.”  Tony paused, sucking in a lungful of air as he gauged Obie’s expression, which had turned a bit stone-like during his comments.
Huffing out a sharp breath, Tony opened his notebook and quickly got to work, making a few minor changes to his notes for the upcoming class. The X-302s weren't too much different from the X-301s operations-wise, but Tony wasn't about to tell the pilots that. Better for them to believe that they couldn't fly the things without Tony's guidance than to allow their collective heads grow any bigger than they already were.
Heat burst across Steve's body at Tony's proclamation, so strongly that for a moment he feared that he'd actually burst into flame, right there in their bed.
Steve's belly swooped, and he reached for Tony's hand, intertwining their fingers. "All right, Sam. Tell us."
"It's—it's not—" Steve said, breaking off as he sucked in air, his lungs rattling just like they had after he was shot by the Winter Soldier, during the Malibu house bombing. "Tony, you—you're real? You're not just another illusion?"
"Yeah, but in front of the general himself?" Dad asked. "Don't they usually have a committee that does that kind of stuff?"
"Exactly," Stacy said as he offered Tony his hand, nodding as he shook it. "Why waste the words when you don't have to, hmm?"
Tony felt his blood pressure spike.  This was exactly what Obie wanted, to get him all riled up until he just agreed with whatever Obie was tantruming about.
Tony gave a sheepish shrug. "Well… yeah, it kinda is, but it also makes sense when you think about it." He shifted, poking at his left foot which had fallen asleep. "Look, I can understand why you're confused since I don't remember Thor's ship having this capability. But the ship that took Pete and I to Titan did, 'cause Pete recognised it. It's why Strange couldn't use one of his portal things to get us off it before we landed on Titan. Or crashed, if you feel like getting specific."
Hulk cuts him off with a booming roar, one so Earth-shatteringly loud that Steve has to fight the urge to clap his hands over his ears.
And for Tony, who after witnessing the destruction of his parents' marriage and most of his mother's sanity in the years following Howard's trial had completely sworn off ever falling in love or having a family, it had only taken one long look at his new baby boy for him to fall head-over-heels in love with him.
"I'm pretty sure Phillips hasn't been excited about much of anything in almost thirty years," said Tony. "But yeah, I get your point." He pulled back, ruffling Peter's curly hair. "You told me over the phone that you named the channeling program, yeah?"
“Yes, I do,” responded Pepper.  “There’s a local news van who’s parked down the block waiting for my signal, as well as two photographers stationed in the lobby and written releases set to go out to CNN, AP, and the Daily Mail just as soon as Mr Stane’s rights have been read.”  She paused to take a breath.  “It’s all in place, Mr Stark.  We’re ready.”
"He knows that, and he said he's really sorry about what happened," Peter cut in. "He told me he's even quit drinking because of it. Said he dumped all the whisky down the drain after we left the house."
"We'll come with you," Natasha said as she hooked her arm through Wanda's. "Gotta make sure that you stay out of the kitchen."
As if on cue, Tony came barely three strokes later, crying out his release into the warm African air as Steve buried his head in Tony's shoulder, his broad body shaking as his own climax washed over him. They laid there, with their sweaty, sated bodies intertwined, for a long time afterwards, exchanging soft kisses and caresses until Steve carefully lifted Tony into his arms and carried him into the bathroom, cleaning him as carefully as if he were made of glass.
"Your Highness! Are you—are you all right?" Steve forced past his dust-coated throat as he quickly scanned the wreckage for the rest of his team. His heart gave a leap when he saw Sam crouched down a few metres away, his wings covering Natasha like a huge carbon fibre umbrella. Bucky and Thor were both curled behind a tipped-over couch, a bit dazed like he was, but seemingly unharmed.
Tony gulped as Steve's radio signal went dead, trying to distract himself with Barnes and Carol's readings as he waited for Steve's aircraft to get through the turbulent atmosphere. He had set JARVIS to warn him if Steve—or any of the pilots—had somehow missed his mark and while no such warning occurred, he wouldn't be absolutely sure until he heard Steve's voice again.
The trip had even helped him to relax a bit more about that, or more specifically, about George Stacy. So far there hadn't been any indication from Stacy that he suspected that Peter really was Spider-Man, and while Steve was still wary, he was also immensely grateful for it. There were already plenty of suspicions and rumours floating around as to the real identity of the Spider-Man, especially since the Daily Bugle owner J Jonah Jameson seemed to enjoy publishing outrageous new theories on almost a daily basis, but like Tony enjoyed pointing out, rumours were a long ways away from the actual truth.
look. "I'll make sure that she's well aware of the risks, but I still think she'll help us. Call it an... instinct."
Steve's heart lurched at the desperation in Tony's tone, and the guilt he'd managed to stamp down earlier came roaring back with a vengeance. How could he have not thought about how badly the incident at the lake had affected Tony?
He was just leaning down for another kiss when Gwen's door flew open, so hard that it bounced off the opposite wall. Peter let out a squeak as he jumped back, whipping his arms from Gwen so fast that she stumbled forward.
"So… are we s'posed to just stand here and stare at each other now?" Uncle Sam asked a few seconds later. "Like they did in the olden days?"
“Thank you!” Steve says as the announcer calls out Schmidt’s name as the silver medalist.  But, unlike how he was hamming it up to the crowd before the race, Schmidt barely acknowledges them, gathering up his towel and tracksuit in a huff before stomping off the deck, no doubt to some colourful television commentary from Dan Hicks and Rowdy Gaines.
Then again, it was obviously important to Peter that he check out this bookstore, and he supposed it couldn't hurt to get a good look at this Steve person too.  Just to make sure he wasn’t up to any funny business with the heir to Stark Industries.
"Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off!" cried Quill as he activated his Flash Gordon helmet. As soon as it was in place he took off, aiming for Thanos just as the building covering him exploded into a huge, purple fireball. Thanos' indignant roar echoed across the desolate plain, forcing Peter to slap his hands over his ears until his mask was able to modify itself to better block out the sound. As soon as he freed himself from the rubble, Thanos raised his left arm, the glowing stone shifting purple to red as he launched pieces of the building—that somehow had turned into giant evil bats—towards Dad at the speed of a rocket.
"Whatever. Look, I don't actually need one of those doctors. You've read our files. You know us better than any of those other quacks in the outside world would. I just need you to do a quick workup for me."
Steve stared at him, and Tony could tell his pride had been wounded just the slightest, his lips pursed and his eyes slightly squinted in a defensive manner. He blinked several times and darted his gaze around the room, flexing his hands a few times as he took a deep breath presumably to calm himself. Finally, he seemed to resign himself to whatever it was he was thinking, exhaling the breath and ducking his head some so his chin nearly touched his chest.
Tony huffed out a sharp breath, burrowing further into Steve's side. "Yeah, well, I will be very glad when all this Damage Control stuff is over. I might even throw a party to celebrate."
"What?" he asked and bent down to check under the bed, joints cracking painfully. "Fuck," he muttered under his breath. Again, just shy of forty-two. He wasn't
"You know," he said as he spotted tiny little baby clothes hanging over the sides of the bassinette where there hadn't been any before, "it's kind of weird that the rest of the city's supposedly the setting for a dystopian novel, and you guys are clearly able to get your hands on things I bookmarked weeks ago."
Steve's face went paler and paler the longer he talked, and he cut off and made a face and said, "They're really not that bad."
"JARVIS can do everything Friday can. Maybe even more," he said as he led her out of the workshop and over to the elevator.
"Not in the important ways. Howard was selfish. Howard was always in it for himself. That's what… I thought you were the same way when I first met you. I thought you were in it for yourself the same way Howard was but you didn't even have the humility to know pain and suffering. Howard had worked his way up. He was selfish, but he'd made his fortune himself. I thought you were just his spoiled brat of a son that had just had the fortune of being born into the right family. But I was wrong. You're not like him — not in those ways. Yes, you're both flashy, and you both love attention, and you both love to build. But you care. You care so much. You only want to do what's right. You want to be more than just the…Merchant of Death. You want to give life, create life, build life, sustain life. And you already have. Look at JARVIS. Look at DUM-E— Don't even start with picking on poor DUM-E. You love them. They're like your children. You watch out for them, you care for them, you protect them. You rescued DUM-E out of a scrap heap and rebuilt him — not
Tony exchanged a look with Steve, who maneuvered so that Tony could get in on the cake- cutting, and Tony sighed and put his hand atop Steve's where he had a hold of the knife and said, "Will this suffice?"
"I'm fine, Steve. Besides, this way you can have the bed to yourself. Don't need me in there grossing you out."
He got to his feet and reached down for Tony's hands to pull him up, the change in his appearance even more apparent now that he was standing upright. The under armor was maybe just a little loose on him but still clung, only in a different way now, the material showing off what was a perfectly proportioned hourglass figure with slender legs and pert breasts, and Steve felt interest stirring within as his gaze focused in on erect nipples poking through the material.
He rubbed his belly and went into the adjacent bathroom to do his morning business, and once he finished, he padded out to the kitchen where he found Steve clattering the cookware as he attempted to do…something.
"Are we placing money on that?" Barnes said before he turned to Steve and said, "And back to what your little princess said—"
So, once his birthday finally rolled around a few days later he wasn't exactly surprised that the most he got from anyone — including Steve — was a cursory 'Happy Birthday' said without much thought. Granted, in the time the Avengers had been together, they'd never made much noise about birthdays or holidays period, but Tony was in a funny mood this year, and he wanted…
Tony stared at him a moment before he said, "You know, maybe it was a mistake not getting you to sign that prenup?"
"Hey!" Barton called out. "You said you'd take full responsibility for whatever shit we did or said!"
is worth it. Because when the shit hits the fan and our backs are against the wall, there's no one I want in my corner backing me more than you.
There was a brief pause, and Tony would argue it was JARVIS trying to decide how to best break the news to him.
"Well, I know that now," Tony said and went back to rolling out the dough. "At the time, I just wasn't prepared for how...well, kinky you could be. It was kind of a surprise. Not a bad surprise just...a surprise. For someone that only learned what I knew about you from movies and books and...certain parental figures that shall remain nameless...yeah, definitely wasn't covered in any of those books just how much of a kinky little sex pervert Steve Rogers really could be."
Steve just exhaled a breath, but there was a smile on his lips and a slight crinkle to his eyes. "You want doughnuts?"
With the sparking cake in front of him after the customary chorus of 'Happy Birthday to You,' Steve just laughed and shook his head, and Tony pointed to it and said, "Seriously, can you get any more American than that?"
"I know what we agreed," Steve said, "but I'm just saying. It's not… It's not supposed to be possible. You're a fella, and here, fellas don't have babies."
But he couldn't stop the tears, and instead, he let them flow freely as he rubbed his belly — an action that made his libido sing when Steve did it but he was beginning to find merely gave comfort when he himself did it. He cried, and he lay down on the couch and curled up on himself and pressed his face into the pillow, soaking it with tears of remorse and tears of worry.
"No— I mean maybe you are, but not about that. You're very… You must have had a good example to follow."
Christ, wasn't that the defense of every person ever in an abusive relationship? He…really didn't want to travel down that road.
But he didn't stay working on it long. Instead, he found his gaze drifting over to the Cap, who was staring down at one of the napkins that he hadn't torn up, and Tony saw he'd gotten his hands on a pen and was busy sketching something on it. He watched him a few moments, first the sketch, which was too abstract for him to make out at the angle he was sitting at, before he glanced up to Steve's face and followed the line of his profile — his forehead, his strong nose, his full lips — and then over the side of his face — his firm jaw, his cheekbones, and those ridiculously long eyelashes that would be the envy of anyone.
Tony turned to glare at him. "Oh, I'm sorry. Did you really think anyone was asking for your expert input?"
So, as he came to find out, sharing silence with Steve was not the nerve-wracking endeavor that it had once been for him. It was actually kind of nice, safe, comforting. He didn't feel the need to perform or pretend with Steve, and so he could sit there and work and wallow in his thoughts, Steve's quiet presence a study anchor for him to latch hold to. It was OK not to have to fill every single void with sound. Steve wasn't going to get bored with him just because he wasn't entertaining him constantly, and Tony knew that Steve, sometimes, just enjoyed knowing that Tony was there with him, too.
"Yeah, I don't know if I buy that. When the fella-slash-gal you've just made love to starts giggling at the end—"
He shook his head to rid himself of those thoughts and went over to the shower. He turned on the water and stuck his hand under the spray, waiting for the ice cold water in the pipes to pass and the warmth to make its way through. After a few moments, the water warmed to a pleasant temperature, and he stepped in and closed the door behind him, steam already enveloping the stall and wafting out into the rest of the room. He stood under the showerhead and let the droplets pummel his face before he turned his back and let the water run through his hair and all over his body, the steam and the warmth of the water enveloping him like a blanket as the water ran in rivulets from the crown of his head down his neck and over his shoulders and breasts to his belly and down his legs. He looked down and watched the water puddle at his feet before it flowed into the drain, and he though he missed Steve and wished Steve were there, it was still nice to—
Hill shook her head. "This isn't like that. It's much more widespread, and it looks like it has several origin points."
Tony made a contemplative 'hmm' sound then said, "Well, it's not the worst thing I've ever done. I guess it's worth it to see how excited you get about things. And how weird you get about other things."
Not until Steve himself showed up in the lab, and Tony glanced up and said, "Uh, J, what'd we say about letting in just any old riffraff off the street?"
Tony's concentration was on the raw cookie dough he was rolling out, carefully adding flour when needed but not too much so as to spoil the recipe. His hair was a little mussed and his face a little flushed from the heat of the kitchen and the exertion, dough and flour covering his hands and a determined concentration on his face as he rolled out the dough to a thin enough consistency. Steve was sure he could have stood there for five minutes unnoticed, but Olivia had been, for all intents and purposes, a noise box ever since she'd realized she could make noises, and she squealed and babbled and smacked a hand against Steve's face, and as Steve jerked his head back in slight surprised from the smack, Tony looked up, a disgruntled twist to his lips.
"Rhodey could be Secretary of State. Natasha could head up the CIA. I think Hill would have to settle for vice. Pep would settle for no less than Commander-in-Chief."
"Uh, it's weaponized armor designed to withstand, I don't know, alien hordes. It's not made out of aluminum."
Being pregnant at least helped stem some of the desire — not because he craved it any less but because he knew he couldn't have any. He was not that awful a human being that he would chance fucking this kid up before it was even born, no matter how…unorthodox its existence even was. Plus, Steve would outright kill him if he ever did anything like that. OK, Steve wouldn't
"Oh, you know, logically I know you're still our Shellhead, but it's kind of funny hearing you talk about yourself being a 'boyfriend' with that voice and that, uh, body."
"Nothing," he said with a despondent sigh and patted Steve's arm. "Just…" He motioned at the photo he'd been staring at. "The only thing I can think of when I look at that photo is how
They walked the way back to the Tower, Steve with a firm hold of Tony's hand, the spring sunshine setting beyond the buildings to the west, and Tony was pretty sure he saw a couple people shoot pointed looks their way, but like earlier, no one really, honestly seemed to care. They stopped at a cross-street and waited for the traffic to clear before they continued on their way, though the most they had to contend with was some older lady smiling at Tony and saying, "When are you due?"
Steve just grinned, either not hearing or ignoring the hesitance and slight disturbance in Barnes's voice. He put a hand on Tony's belly and rubbed it.
He watched as Steve contemplated this, his gaze a little fuzzy and distant, before he shook his head and said, "Gonna have a lot of people that won't believe it regardless."
But Barnes turned to him and gave him that look of muddled and distant confusion as he said, "I thought you had a fella now."
And then Natasha was there, pulling him into her arms and murmuring in Russian, soft and soothing words as she rubbed his back and tightened her embrace of him.
Her voice never lost its calming tone. "Honey, that's what's going to happen whether you want it to or not. Tell me now. I'll go get Steve. I'll tell him exactly what's happening, and he will come storming off that 'jet and scoop you up and find you the nearest bed and make you stay there until this is all over. And he'll pace and worry because the baby's not coming yet and there's a dangerous Hydra cell out there that's taking out power plants left and right."
He gasped a little, struggling to get oxygen in. He put a hand to his chest and gasped a few more times, and it was only after he felt Pepper's hands on his face that he realized he'd begun to panic, unable to breathe, unable to think — fuck, it was like those attacks he used to get right after New York, when he couldn't even
Steve nodded again, and he tightened his arms and said, "You know, I just— I can't stop thinking about— If anything like what happened to Bucky ever happened to you, I don't think I could live—"
Tony hummed and said, "Customarily, you would tell me how fetching I look, and I would smile and blush a little and tell your how handsome you look. You'd ask if I've been here before, then I'd say yes, I love this place and I recommend you try the veal — but not really because eating veal is just cruel. Do you know what they do to those poor calves? Chain them and break their legs. It's horrible. How can people conscionably eat veal in this day and age? And yeah, that makes me a hypocrite because holy shit could I go for a thick porterhouse right now, but—"
Christmas Eve dinner, as it turned out, came from a local Italian joint, and Steve said a silent apology to his mother for happily chowing down on meat-filled ravioli and chicken Alfredo and chicken parmesan and any number of other meat-filled dishes. His mother had been reared in Catholic teachings and traditions, meatless Christmas Eves being one of traditions, and she had continued on these teaching and traditions with him. He could still remember the fish of his youth and how it would stink out their small apartment when she would make it for them after coming home from a long shift at the hospital.
Tony grumbled and snatched the box from him, and he ripped the paper off and tossed it to the floor. He examined the small, plain, white box, turning it over in his hands, before he opened it from the top and slid out the protective Styrofoam insert, handing the empty box to Steve, who just set it on the coffee table. He pulled at the tape to unbind the two pieces of Styrofoam then separated them to reveal a small and delicate little keepsake Elsa from
Steve was still talking, still laying out his reasoning for why he didn't want to take Tony out for breakfast, and Tony sighed and said, "Fine."
"What do you want me to say?" he asked and continued to wait for the doors to open. Damn it, what the hell was JARVIS waiting for? He scowled at his temperamental AI and turned back to Bruce and Rhodey. "Look, she was cute, and yeah, it's kind of…nice having someone that thinks you're the best thing since sliced bread, but we all knew this was nothing more than what it was. It wasn't permanent. It was never going to last. I knew that. You knew that. We all knew that." He turned back to the elevator and jammed his finger against the button several times.
For his occupation, Tony snorted another laugh and put 'team captain.' Hey, it was technically true.
Steve exhaled a breath and shook his head a little. "What did I say about the language?" he murmured disappointedly to himself.
Tony nodded and rather noticeably rested his hand on his abdomen. He rubbed it a bit and said, "OK, I'm going to ask you this again, and I want you to think
Of course, now that it was out and collected in bottles that Steve could use to feed the baby when Tony was sleeping or showering or just wanted a break — and Steve, as it turned out, loved sitting in the rocking chair and giving the baby her bottle…so long as he was wearing a shirt — that brought up a whole other issue. Namely, what did it
He rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Whatever. Fine. Can't believe I have to go chase my own fucking phone down because the assholes I live with think they're funnier than they are."
As far as Fury's team went, there was a red-headed agent — an attractive woman, he could admit — named 'Romanoff,' who was ex-KGB (he'd had to look up what that was). There was a miserable-looking agent (maybe he just photographed poorly?) named 'Barton' that was a master archer and had unfortunately been compromised by the trickster. Then there was a fella named 'Banner' that…had a condition, of some kind, as far as he could tell. There was intel included about this trickster's brother, named 'Thor,' who SHIELD had determined was not a threat but could potentially come in handy when it came to rounding up the trickster.
— sinks! Marble sinks, of all things! Pendant lamps with frosted shades high above, a window of beveled glass that looked out over a backyard, a mirror large enough to reflect the entire room at once…
He felt the change in the air as soon as he stepped into it. They were trying to hide it, but he could tell something had changed in the time that he'd been in the bathroom. The TV was off now, which was odd, and Barnes had that kind of haunted look back in his eyes, standing as he was with his arms folded as he rested against the back of the couch and stared at some nondescript spot on the floor. Natasha sat at his workstation, looking for all the world like she was just keeping track of things on her tablet, and she was doing a good job of pretending like there was nothing wrong, but Tony could tell
"He's actually not that miserable," Natasha murmured, her voice laced with traces of tenderness and knowing.
Bruce shrugged. "Don't know. She's not too pleased that her room is gone — it's the one next to yours in case you were wondering."
"Why are you embarrassed?" Tony asked. "You should be shouting that shit from the rooftops. In fact, maybe I'll go do it for you."
"Yeah, you keep saying that but, uh, weren't you doing philanthropic medical work in Calcutta when Romanoff here dragged you into our little freak show?" Tony asked, but Bruce leveled him with a flat look.
Tony shrugged his agreement and watched as Olivia polished off the rest of her bottle. Steve set the bottle on the table and then made to rest her on his shoulder to burp her, but Tony held out his hands and said, "Let me do that. You haven't had a chance to eat anything yet, and it's getting cold."
Steve shrugged, and Tony pressed close to him again and said, "Come on. Song's almost over. Don't want to waste a moment of it."
the man behind the image, all right? Actually, at that time, the man behind the image was sort of, kind of
Steve sucked in a breath through his nose and nodded. "You did," he said, exhaling the breath, and Tony finally found the courage to meet his eyes again. "Nat may have mentioned something," he said by way of explanation, "plus, there's audio on the footage. You didn't say much, but what you did say… I really wish you'd asked me to stay. I would have stayed."
“I think you need to be taught a lesson,” Steve said, still using that same low octave, leaning over Stark, reaching up and bracing one hand on the raised hood of the car while the other rested on the fender next to Stark’s hip. “Think you need to be brought into line.”
"What? Getting hit on by every douchebag in the tri-state area? Having to think about how to actually hold my arms when I fold them?
"Are you sure you're OK with it?" Steve asked, pulling his pants up and tucking his shirt into them.
He brushed his hand over the top of her head then bent down and kissed her forehead, and when he sat back up again, Steve leaned in and captured his lips and kissed him hard and fast and maybe even a little desperate. Tony put his hands to Steve's face and deepened the kiss, Olivia gurgling between them. Steve put the arm he wasn't holding the baby with around him and pulled him close, his hand warm and firm on Tony's back, his arm strong and possessive, and Tony just
Also, women's bathrooms, as it turned out, a lot cleaner than men's. Still a mess to be had, he supposed, but in a different way.
Jesus, it was almost enough to wish he was back in that cave in Afghanistan with a car battery attached to his heart. Almost.
The witch merely shrugged like this bothered her not. "Nothing lasts forever," she said simply and as though there was a greater meaning behind it.
“That was completely uncalled for!” he yelled at the sinewy man bent over the engine of an old roadster, his tight, black tank riding up and giving a flash of tawny skin set above the waistband of tight, dark jeans.
, but that's not how it worked where we came from. And honestly? You know, at first — when this all first happened — I…I think I was afraid. I don't think I did want to. I would have been happy staying in another room and letting the nurse come out and tell me it was a girl or a boy or even twins—"
Tony grumbled and pulled away, brushing his fingers at the corners of his eyes to fix whatever had been messed up and muttering a, "Shut up," that didn't have much heat behind it.
She didn't say anything, just shifted a little to get more comfortable, and he murmured to JARVIS to lower the lights and put the shade at 75%. As JARVIS complied, he went over to the door and went to let himself out. Just as he was about to cross the threshold, he heard Olivia murmur, "When's Daddy comin' home?"
Tony rolled his eyes and swallowed the bite. "Look, can we drop the whole me-and-Cap talk?" He grabbed a shitty paper napkin and wiped the grease from his fingers and chin. "Maybe alternate universe me was that desperate for a ring, but I like to think I have more taste than that."
"No," he said, believing that she hadn't...done to him what she'd once done to Tony. "No, I just... I thought maybe I could feel that I was—"
He pushed the door open, expecting to have to wake her up, but she was already sitting up in her crib, babbling to herself as she played with some of the plush toys in her crib, and Steve stood over her and smiled and said, "Hey, uh, kid. Your, ah, other dad wants me to grab you, so…"
It was one of the main reasons why Papa had been so insistent on working with Peter, so he didn't have to go through anything like that.
"Um… well, that's probably even more reason to try and get those words out of your mind though, don't you think?" Peter said. "Then they won't be able to control you anymore. You'll have your own mind back. And we can do the same for your brother too, but you gotta let me out of here first, okay? Please?"
After storing the corsage in the refrigerator and checking in with Dad in the lab, Peter headed to his room to start on his homework. He had fallen a bit behind on his schoolwork since Papa had been gone, and while he wasn't in danger of his grades being affected or losing his status as the top student in his class, it still annoyed him that he had allowed himself to slack off as much as he had.
There was even a tiny flicker of something else in there. Something that, if Tony hadn't known any better, could've almost bordered on admiration.
"Gotcha, babe." Turning in his seat, Tony grabbed hold of both the steering wheel and the engine lever. "Here we go!"
Peter was so exhausted and drained once they pulled into the Tower parking garage that he didn't even try to argue when Papa lifted him out of the backseat like a baby and carried him the whole way up to the penthouse, with Peter resting his head against Papa's chest so he could hear his heartbeat. The pain was still intense but at least his stomach seemed to be okay, although at the moment Peter couldn't imagine ever being hungry again.
"Yeah, well, that doesn't surprise me. Pete's always bending over backwards trying to help. He gets that from Steve."
"Nah, I'm fine," Peter said automatically, choosing to ignore the fact that he sounded just like his dad. "Dr Cho took care of me on the chopper flight to Atlanta, so… I'm good."
"Nah, it's okay bud," Tony said as he undid the crooked knot and retied it. He had been taught how to tie a tie by none other than Edwin Jarvis himself, a master of proper formal British dress, and while it might've been silly to pride himself on such an accomplishment, Tony still enjoyed it whenever Peter had to ask for his help.
Steve huffed, giving a reluctant nod. He really had no right to be begging Tony anything regarding Peter. As much as he loved Peter, Tony still knew him far better than he did, and Steve needed to trust his judgment.
"Peter!" Dad yelped again, causing the guy holding Peter to flinch. Dad held up one hand, his eyes as wide as pie tins as a huge weapon formed at the end of his other hand, pointing directly at Tattooed Guy's face. "Goddamnit, you idiot, I told you he's just a kid! You're really gonna hurt a kid?"
Because not a second later a huge purple being stepped through the black hole, his left hand and forearm covered with a golden gauntlet embossed with five coloured stones.
"It is to me." Steve slid his fingers underneath Tony's chin, tilting his head up to meet his eyes. "I want you to feel comfortable here, Tony, so if there's something you need in order to feel more at home then I hope you'll let me know."
More guilt welled up in Peter's chest, and he mentally kicked himself for being such a jerk. It wasn't Gwen's fault that everything was going to hell.
"Thanks," mumbled Peter, ducking down into his hoodie until he had closed the bathroom door. He dug his hand into his jeans pocket, fishing out the earplugs that he had forgotten to put in before Mr Stacy had picked he and Gwen up from school and quickly inserted them, breathing out a short sigh of relief when the noise dulled down to a more manageable level.
"Oh, Pete," he whispered as a single tear snaked down his cheek. "I really wish you could've met him. He would've loved you so much."
" Tony yelled as the thing swung its massive fist, hitting Steve square in the back and sending both he and Tony careening towards an old rusty fence near the far bank of the lake. Tony managed to turn just in time to prevent Steve from being slammed against one of the metal posts, the impact allowing Steve to escape from Tony's grip and immediately launch his shield at the water monster.
A sudden and complete blackening of the sun over Wakanda cut him off, and Tony gasped as he looked up to see a massive ship, large enough to hold hundreds of the circular ships like the one that had appeared over New York City, exit the wormhole.
"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir," Steve said automatically as he stood to attention, offering a salute that Colonel Phillips nodded away with a barely-suppressed eyeroll. "It won't happen again."
Steve's flight suit was plastered to his body with sweat as he pulled the aircraft to a stop and opened the canopy, handing the groundsman his helmet before jumping down. His legs wobbled a bit as he landed, not too surprising since he hadn't eaten anything since breakfast, but also because Anthony Stark was still standing on the observation deck next to Phillips and staring directly at Steve.
"Something like that," Steve said with a nod. He looked down at Tony's hand, trailing his fingertips down his index finger. "Once I met Peter, though, I usually couldn't wait to get to the hospital so I could see him. I limited myself to just three times a week because it was hard having to lie to my teammates about where I was going, but… I would've rather been visiting with him. He's a pretty remarkable kid, Tony."
"Well, I think you just might be a bit biased," Steve said as he sat down on the bed, pulling Tony into his arms and burying his nose into his hair. "I love you, sweetheart."
He found Dad sitting cross-legged on the floor surrounded by about a hundred different notebooks and papers, which Peter recognised as some of Uncle Bruce's notes on the HYDRA files. DUM-E beeped a soft greeting from his perch over in the corner as Peter approached, a lot more melancholy than his usual.
"Stop," Steve said, covering Tony's mouth with his fingers. "You make it sound like you're the only person who's getting anything out of this relationship."
Tony thought, the Steve-influenced, optimistic part of him peeking its head from behind the iron curtain that had dropped the day that Peter died in his arms. Because he supposed if he could look at their task from the perspective of it being a course correction instead of fix, then maybe—
They stayed there for over an hour, intermittently dozing and exchanging the occasional soft kiss, but went no further than that.  With the all of the stress of getting Steve started on his recovery and accumulating the evidence against Obie, sex had fallen by the wayside.
"All right, here we are," Tony said, pulling up to the curb next to their restaurant, a nice Italian place that he and Steve liked to frequent on their date nights. He glanced into the rearview mirror, giving Peter a wink. "You remembered your wallet, didn't you, Pete?"
"No, I don't, little guy," Steve murmured into his son's wild hair. "But you don't need to worry about me, okay? You just try and have a good day today."
Too bad JARVIS was offline, or Tony might've had him try and catalogue the design for future reference.
"Just… patience, I think," Tony murmured. "Which I know isn't your strongest suit, but… I'm thinking you're gonna need quite a bit of it, and enough for the both of us while you're at it. This might take awhile, honey. As much as I'd like to, I can't cut any corners here."
"Uhh, you sure you got enough fuel to be doing that, Joe?" asked Tomis. "Thought you said you were getting low!"
After returning Tony’s tentative smile, Steve focused his attention on the board.  So far it was almost surreal how well the evening had progressed, especially since Steve had been so nervous before Peter showed up at the store that he’d actually thrown up, nearly scaring Ashes half to death in the process.  He’d then proceeded to annoy the snot out of her when he decided to change his shirt about twenty minutes before Peter arrived, trying on three different ones before settling on his favourite light blue button-down.
"Mr Wilson's vehicle will arrive inside the Tower garage in approximately three minutes, sir," said JARVIS.
Papa's lips twitched at the question, nearly causing Peter to burst out laughing. Once again, "okay" was a very relative term, with such a fluid definition depending on the circumstances that it was pretty impossible to quantify. And it wasn't only that way for Peter and his dads, but for the rest of their family as well. In fact, Peter was shocked that some psychologist or psychiatrist hadn't yet tried to have the entire Avengers team committed after all the crap that they'd been through, not the least of which was dealing with the very same Chitauri aliens who, if Peter was guessing correctly, were trying to come back.
Slumping back against the booth, Tony lets out a heavy sigh.  He should know better than to go toe-to-toe with the world’s leading expert on perceptiveness.
“Please, sweetheart,” he said, panting as he rolled his hips again, his cock already so hard it was aching.  “Please, I want you to fuck me.  I've never—and I want you to be my first.”
Doctor List took another step forward, his upper lip curling into a sneer as Steve instinctively tried to back away, bringing a fresh wave of pain washing across his body.
over and over and over again.  Despite being aware of exactly what was going to happen, he found that he couldn't seem to escape, could only watch in horror as the ice formed over his head, sealing him in.  By the time Tony had been able to wake him, he could barely remember where he was, writhing and panting and covered in sweat, his lungs like frozen blocks of ice in his chest and his hands full of the tattered remains of the sheets.
Clint frowned, glancing at the screen as if he just realised the rest of them were still there. "Um… well… that one morning I was going to, but—" He broke off, scowling fiercely at Steve. "You know, I was in the middle of a perfectly good nap—"
"You are?" Thor said in surprise. "Pardon me, Your Highness, allow me to introduce myself first. I am—"
Steve was quiet for a moment, his fingers tracing idle circles on Tony's back. "You know, way back on the night before I got the serum, Dr Erskine visited me in the barracks with a bottle of peach schnapps that he'd brought from home, asking if I was nervous. When I told him that I was, he poured us both a shot of the schnapps, but then took mine away before I could drink any of it because he said that I couldn't have any fluids before the procedure."
"Honey, why're you still watching that stuff?" Tony asked as he emerged from the bathroom, ready for bed in Steve's favourite bright blue sleep pants and a black tank top that was probably older than Peter. It wasn't at all unusual for Steve to be watching the news before bed. When they weren't on a mission there was always at least one television on in the house while Steve was awake, tuned in to his favourite news station. He liked to call it minding his surroundings, and while it made sense to Tony, it didn't mean that he particularly enjoyed it.
"So… um… do you think he's from HYDRA?" Peter finally asked, his throat tightening when Papa flinched.
"Well… how 'bout how you were sitting when I first got in here? he said. "When you were being all contemplate-y and stuff? That's how I got Papa too."
"Do you want anything else?" Steve asked once they'd polished off all the food and the entire bottle of wine. "I'm pretty sure there's a couple of mints floating around the bottom of the bag somewhere."
"So, uh, should we bow?" Steve heard Bruce ask James as he stepped onto the ramp, with Natasha a half-step behind.
Steve huffed out an annoyed breath. "Yeah, I guess so. JARVIS, can you please turn off the television?"
"And you know Bucky's not gonna let anything happen to Peter, Steve," said Sam. "And with the police station just across the street it'd be pretty idiotic to try anything anyway."
"Nah, I'm sure it'll be fun, sweetheart," Steve said. He shot Tony a wink as Bruce, Bucky, and Sam stepped out of the panic room, with Peter leaping into Bucky's arms as soon as he'd cleared the doorway.
okay, at least physically. I mean, I haven't seen him eat like that in years, and both your ma and Sharon have said that everything looks good, so… why? Have you noticed something?"
"Leave it to Stevie to nail it on his first try," Bucky said, not without a hint of envy. "Course you managed to distract me so much with all of your yammering that I missed my window, so I guess I'll try to catch the next one."
" he whimpered, clinging to the toilet bowl with clammy hands and squeezing his eyes closed as the shivers started to take over his body. He hadn't had an accidental peppermint exposure in over a year, ever since Dad had banned the substance completely from the Tower under the guise that Peter had developed a severe allergy to it.
"I'm so sorry," he whispered as he settled himself over Tony, gently kissing his way down the scar. "Tell me what you want, sweetheart. Tell me how I can make you feel good."
that evil, sinister voice that Peter knew haunted both of his dads as well suddenly whispered. All three of them were terrible about sharing certain things because they didn't want the others to worry, even when all it ended up doing was making everything about a million times worse.
"He's just having some bad dreams, Peter," Papa said, rather despondently. "Nothing new, just… a bit more often lately. I'm making sure that he's talking about them with Sam, though."
"Yeah, okay, Dad," Peter muttered. This day wasn't supposed to be about him. "Stay just like that, all right?"
“Uh huh,” answered Peter, not even trying to suppress his triumphant smile.  “And I won’t be going there and back, I’ll just hang out until you get there.  You know how much I love bookstores.”
He waited until Steve gave a nod, then lowered him slowly into the water, his heart cracking with every tiny whimper and gasp that Steve made until he was fully submersed. As soon as he was in up to his neck, Tony stepped out of his armour and slid in next to him, pulling him onto his lap.
"Well, as long as he makes you happy, Dad," said Peter. "And I don't need any details about how he does it, just in case you were wondering."
Inside the base, Tony kept watch as the satellite deployments continued without a single hitch. While Steve still tried to insist that Tony take frequent breaks, even going so far as to suggest that he spend the nights at Sarah's house with Peter, there was no way that Tony could tear himself away from the Control Room longer than a few minutes at a time. His need to stay there, to be able to react the second that something potentially went wrong was so great it was almost primal, much like Steve's need had been to conduct the Phoenix One mission himself.
There was a three heartbeat or so pause while Mr Harrington glanced between Peter and Papa, his face finally drawing back into his exaggerated
He breaks off again, his lower lip trembling like it’s trying to escape from his face.  “Goddamnit, Steve, just give me a minute, yeah?”
"Большое спасибо," Bucky said with a nod. Then he gave Peter's head a final pat and excited the bathroom.
Steve's belly gave a nervous swoop as he glided his hands down the smooth skin of Tony's back to his still-clothed ass, pressing him against him. He knew Tony would gladly give him anything he asked for, but it was still sometimes difficult for him to be specific, especially when it came to sex.
Steve shook his head. "Don't know what you're talking about. The Dodgers stopped playing in 1957. I think the Giants moved to California— I still don't understand that. But the Dodgers?" He shook his head again. "Sorry. They haven't played since 1957."
"I am? Fuck," he muttered. "God, you want to know how bad I'm getting? Steve and I had probably the hottest sex I've ever had in my life last night, and I burst out sobbing afterward. God, it was so good, and I just started blubbering."
Tony felt some emotion begin to well up again at that, and he groaned a little and rolled his eyes and tried to blink away the tears, hoping that Rhodey and the others wouldn't see. OK, hoping Bruce and Hill wouldn't see. Rhodey had already seen him at his worst, and, strangely, he was OK with Natasha seeing him this way, too.
It was from Sam, and Sam was usually a little less cryptic and a little more detailed than that. He sighed and dropped his phone and his keys on the table by the door. He didn't really have time for this. He'd run the class a little late if only to torment those seniors that thought they'd be able to breeze through the class with no effort, and he didn't have much time in between that and heading up to the museum for his evening security shift.
"The point remains. Your first name sounds better with my last name. Wait, is it too late to change?"
He shivered and pushed the entirety of the last five minutes out of his mind, and he walked down the hallway just a tad to see that, true to every stereotype he'd ever been aware of (or anything he'd ever heard Pepper say), there was a line out the door for the women's restroom. Of course not the men's room, but the women's room? Oh, sure, he was going to be waiting here a good twenty minutes probably. Fuck, he hoped his bladder could hold out that long.
He shot a wary glance at her hand and said, "You're not casting another fertility spell on me, are you? I literally just gave birth, like, a month ago, and I love Steve, and I love my daughter, but I am
"Could you two really not do that?" Rhodey asked from somewhere in the distance, and Tony blinked and pulled away from Steve to look at him.
unfortunately absent from a lot of the team building exercises forced on them by Steve, though even Steve missed out on the laser tag tournament, which was supposed to have been Team Awesome versus Team Magnets-Are-Our-Greatest-Weakness but evidently became, over the course of it, Team Kick-the-Asses-of-Those-Fucking-College-Kids.
"Yeah," she said around her last mouthful of food. "But Anna Tasha promised she'd show me how to beat up bad guys the next time I stayed over!"
Bruce snorted another laugh. "Papa has a way with words. And don't say that word, Olivia. It's not nice."
He stood there and folded his arms and glared at them, daring them to make him try to reconsider his decision.
The entire time, Tony was typing furiously onto his phone, and Steve — if he was understanding this 'texting' thing correctly; Tony had explained it as sort of a personal telegraph — had a feeling he was sending a message to this 'Barton' about the present he'd got for their daughter.
"It's going to have to do," Bruce said then frowned at Tony's clothes and said, "Do you have something to cover yourself with?"
"Hey! I thought I was supposed to be 'Natasha' in here." He looked at the doctor. "Isn't that what you said? He's not following the rules!"
It was coming up on the end of May, which meant the annual Foundation gala was only a couple weeks away, but more importantly, it was coming up on an even more momentous occasion — even if, unbeknownst to the public, Natasha Carbonell was scheduled to make her first 'official' appearance at that event.
Well, Bruce had probably intended them to be certain, but Tony was nothing if not a master at twisting other people's words around to suit his needs.
Barnes shrugged, but he had that look on his face like he really wasn't sure what to make of the situation, like something halfway between a sneer and a grimace.
He set it down and picked up the next one, one of the two remaining that was in a little pocket folder of some kind. He unfolded the two flaps and took in the serious yet soft look of what could only be Sarah Rogers. She was in uniform, a nurse's cap and blouse, light hair pinned back and barely the hint of makeup visible on her face. The photographer's name was scrolled in gold at the bottom right corner of the folder, and Tony brushed his thumb over it as he looked over the picture of the woman that was Steve's mother. She was pretty, a little serious-looking, but with a presumed maternal quality about her that came through a ninety-year-old sepia-toned matte photograph.
"I still feel like I missed something," Barton muttered, and Wilson said, "Yeah? Well, I'm gonna be missing my lunch if I have to keep watching this."
Steve stroked his hands over Tony's face and murmured a soft, "I'm sorry," and Tony shook his head and said, "
He glanced over and watched as Steve pulled the sketchbook a little about closer. "Uh," he said, hesitating, "I don't know if you want to."
"Honestly? Probably not. But like you said, that's all in the past. It doesn't matter. What matters is now, and now is you and me, and that's that."
It was almost comical how quickly Peter scrambled up off his couch, diving onto his dads' bed so hard that Papa let out a muffled grunt as he pulled Peter tightly against his side. He felt Papa kiss the top of his head as he laid his head down onto his chest, his eyelids already heavy as the strong, steady pulse of Papa's heartbeat started to work its magic.
Peter breathed in, meeting Gwen's exquisite green eyes. "After I broke into the building and managed to find Papa, well, he was in really rough shape. He could barely walk, so I was trying to drag him along with me so we could get out of there, and then—" He broke off, sniffing as another tear snaked down his cheek. "And then the entire room suddenly flashed red, and I got hit with this… vision. It was Wanda. They—HYDRA was forcing her to use her powers to make all of their prisoners see horrible things, as a way to control them. She'd already done it to Papa a bunch of times, it's why he didn't hardly recognise my dad when he first saw him. And then—all of a sudden, I heard you. You were screaming my name, screaming for me to help you. And I could still hear my papa in the background, but it was like he was under water or something, 'cause he sounded really far away and all I could focus on was you. And you were standing on some kind of ledge, and I was trying to get to you, but then—oh God, Gwen, I watched you tip over the edge, and I tried—I tried to catch you. I shot out my web, and it caught you, but I—I wasn't fast enough, and you—you—"
"Ancient?" Steve exclaimed. "I'm already ninety-four! If he thinks twenty-five is ancient then what does he think of me?"
"I thought I'd give you a little rubdown first," he whispered into Tony's ear as he placed his hands on Tony's shoulders, carefully digging into his worry-tightened muscles. "Just try and relax, sweetheart. I'm gonna take good care of you."
His web fluid carefully packed into his backpack, Peter headed next for the kitchen, and the large vent cover behind the stove that led directly into one of the main ventilation shafts of the Tower. For some bizarre reason Uncle Clint seemed to enjoy climbing through the vents in the buildings sometimes rather than taking the elevators, which usually drove Dad bonkers, but the upside of it was that Uncle Clint had had Peter shadow him on his excursions more than once, so Peter pretty much knew how to get anywhere he needed to get in the Tower without having to use the elevators.
"Yes, it is, Quill," said Tattooed Guy. "You were afraid to speak to him because he threatened your manhood."
"I haven't thought of a good enough name for it yet, naming stuff always gives me trouble, so I've just been calling it MAUDE in my project notes," Beck began. "But basically what I've done here is combine these holographic generating glasses with an old drug that I found in the Stark Industries archives, and voila. We have a cutting-edge holographic system that allows the user to imagine any number of possible scenarios in any possible location."
"Ha, ha, ha," said Dad. "Have you always been this funny, or is that just for today?" He shot Peter a wink as he tightened his tie, grinning when Uncle James retrieved his suit jacket from the bed for him to put on.
"Goddamnit, Thor, I want a beer!" Uncle Clint called from the back of the line as Uncle Thor stooped down to smile with yet another one of his "adoring fans," a little boy who looked to be about six or so. "Can't you do all this some other damn time?"
"All right." Tony's hands were shaking as he poked his head out of the bedroom, finding Steve standing down the hall with his ma.
"Well, I think it's just gonna be you and me for the school run this morning, little guy," he said as they stacked their dishes in the dishwasher. "As long as that's okay with you."
But aside from that, there was apparently something going down that night, and not too far from where Peter was at that very moment.
"And I'm pretty sure that you're not allowed to be the judge of that particular attribute," Dad stated. "Now, I only have about ten or so minutes before I have to be out of here, so why don't you bullet point for me every exciting thing that happened today before I go, yeah?"
want to be traipsing through the common living areas and hallways in his current state of need. Thanks to JARVIS, Tony's suit flew them directly up to their private door, with Steve grabbing onto Tony's undershirt just as soon as his armour started to dissolve.
Steve thought as he gritted his teeth and threw another punch, this time a hard left jab, the pain that he felt upon impact driving him to punch again even harder. Over and over again, Steve slammed his fists into the tough canvas and leather, pointedly ignoring his rapidly increasing pain level until he realised that he could no longer feel his fingers. He stepped back, shaking out his hands as he squeezed his eyes closed, breathing in deeply through his nose. He knew that he ought to stop, maybe take a day or two off from punching to give his hands a chance to recover a bit, but he just couldn't bring himself to stop.
"Well, I'm sure we could get something brought here before that if you need it, Pete," Tony said as he meandered around the suite, running his palm along the polished wooden furniture and bright linen fabrics. "We wouldn't want you passing out in front of a king, would we?"
"That," Tony said, waving his hand at the air. "That thing you do where you read my mind. Make me feel like I'm walking around with a cartoon bubble above my head or something. I've seen you do with it Pete a bunch of times too, and I don't remember ever reading anything about telepathy being one of the side effects of the Project Rebirth serum, so,
, causing Joseph to wince as he watched it begin to climb directly towards the sky. He quickly pulled up, swooping into a wide arc so he could backtrack his course in case it was planning to try and dive towards him.
Bucky's eyes went wide and he raised his hands, slowly backing away. "Okay, okay, Stevie, no need to be so touchy about it."
"The whole team would decide," Peter said. "My papa is the Captain, but something like that they would all decide on together, as a team. That's how they work."
"The incident involving the Avengers that took place here in D.C., at the Triskelion," Davis began. "What can you tell us about that?"
"Steve?" Tony said, laced with concern as he hurried over to him. Quickly tapping Steve's compass, Tony reached for his face before Steve's helmet had fully retracted. "Honey, what is it? You look like you've seen a ghost!"
Here’s where stuff gets a bit technical.  Please understand that this is researched to the best of my ability, but while I am a medical professional, I am not a physicist, so if what I discuss in this chapter is not completely correct physics-wise, please don’t come after me 😊.
"Yeah, sure, I can take a look at 'em, no problem," Tony said. "What kind of discrepancies are you noticing?"
It also had been one of the most terrifying things he had ever done.  But as he went about the rest of his day, coordinating aid for the Sokovian team and working on the various non-weapons projects he was developing, he had deliberately chosen to focus on the liberating part rather than the terrifying.
“Nah, Pete.  You know you don’t have to worry about me,” Tony cut it.  “It’s nothing I haven’t done before.”
"Please," Nebula insisted. "The three of us need to fix the ship and get off of this rock. Quickly."
"Really?" Steve blurted, his heart thudding. He had guessed that she'd liked Tony well enough during their dinner, but with everything going on he had been too afraid to ask her point-blank what she had thought of him.
It was the same old argument they'd had a hundred times, and Peter just didn't feel like getting into it yet again.
"Not sure that they're much good for anything without the suit," muttered Lang. "But yeah, I think he does."
"I thought that by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive. But you've shown me that's impossible. And as long as there are those who remember what was, there will always be those who are unable to accept what can be. They will resist."
"Oh, Christ, Steve, you always please me," Tony whispered. "You don't—you don't have to do anything—"
And now he had not only a home, but also an incredible husband and a son that he adored beyond reason to share it with.
"And you know it's never a true Thanksgiving dinner without the pies!" shouted Clint. He winced as Natasha elbowed him in the arm, eyeing his left ear.
"Not critical yet, at least," muttered Steve, softening his words with a quick kiss to Tony's forehead. "Now, if you're going to insist that I not take you to a hospital, I suppose I can let that slide for the time being. But if I sense that you're getting sicker, or if your temp spikes up much higher, I'm not going to wait, sweetheart. I can't—I just can't take the chance."
Peter squeezed her hand again, passing her one of the napkins just as a grenade landed inside the Rogue One ship, and proceeded to explode right in Bodhi's face.
Which was basically code for, 'Phillips wants to make absolutely sure that the condition of the two remaining space-faring aircraft is as good as it can possibly be'.
Steve reached for Peter's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "Absolutely," he said. "We can come every single night if you want us to."
“Huh?” Tony said, catching a drop of orange juice before it could trail down his chin.  “What makes you say that?”
“Papa?” he said, his sweet voice laced with such awe and wonder that tears instantly welled in Steve’s eyes, spilling down his cheeks before he even knew they were there.  “Is this—?  Are you—?”
Steve instantly smiled. "Yeah, I do. I just… I didn't know if maybe I'm trying to push things too fast or something. I don't have a lot of experience with this kind of thing."
"No," said Tony, fighting the urge to look away. Since the room was almost completely dark the fact that Steve could even see the scar at all was surprising, but Tony wasn't going to ruin the mood by trying to figure out why.
