Now it’s Dean’s turn to catch Cas’ jaw in his hand. “Hey.” He angles it toward him, his fingers warm and gentle on Cas’ skin. “It’s forgotten.” Dean leans forward and kisses Cas, his movements long and slow and deliberate, and Cas relaxes into his touch, linking his hands together loosely behind Dean’s neck.
“Lyrics are right in front of you,” she shouts through the glass. They each grab a copy, and Dean scans the words quickly. He remembers the song itself well enough, a number his father used to hum on those same warm nights when they were young and things were normal. As hard as he tries to school his emotions, though, when he looks back up at her, his face must betray the nerves he’s feeling, because she just laughs. “Ain’t you the ones who told me I should get ready for a hit single? Come on, boys,” she says, tapping on the glass with two fingers, “shock and awe me. Billie’ll play you in. In five, four, three, two...”
The second Cas pulls a salad and bottle out of the bag, making it clear that he won’t be switching seats anytime soon, Dean feels himself thrown face-first into a feeling he hasn’t experienced since his own high school days—he’s fucking jealous. Rowena’s close enough to touch Cas, smell his musk, grab him by that stupid backwards tie—why the
“Okay.” Another pause, then a quick, muttered “Bye” and Dean hangs up.
Cas fumbles with the bags in his hands, struggling not to drop any as he shifts his weight. “One: don’t laugh at me.”
Dean grins fondly. “You’re cute when you’re shocked.”
the case, they only kidnap love interests.”
, keeps Dean’s eyes glued ahead of him as he desperately tries to soak in every single part of the musical. Hell, he doesn’t even look over at Cas once during the first act for fear of missing even the smallest moment, and that’s saying something.
Cas nods, feeling like he should apologize, but before he can, she saunters behind the counter, and all of a sudden, a giant bell clangs, and Cas jumps.
supposed to overthink it now?”
His legs dangling down off the edge of the truck bed, Dean stares down at the road moving slowly under his feet. It’s a whole lot of nothing around them, just fields and corn and wheat as far as the eye can see, the world looking just as blank as Dean feels. Sam’s talking about something, some part of their plans and what steps to take next, but Dean can’t comprehend any of it.
Cas can feel his cheeks burning with embarrassment, and silently curses Dean Winchester in his mind. “No,” he says again, more firmly this time, and his friends erupt into groans around him.
“Anna, I
Castiel’s next running session with Dean arrives faster than he would have liked, and as he and Anna make their way up to the Winchesters’ porch, he starts genuinely expecting Dean to answer the door, realize it’s him, and then slam it in his face.
sprang this goddamn thing on me out of nowhere!” Dean snaps, jerking his head up and glaring at his brother. “Don’t you dare, Sam. Don’t you fucking dare.”
When he looks back up, Garth’s gone, and Dean can feel himself getting tense again. This shit just became a lot more real without him. He tightens his grip on the railing, listening for any kind of acknowledgement from the show’s host, a smarmy British chick named Bela Talbot who Dean finds equal parts hot and terrifying. They probably could’ve found a more personable host, but she’s some kind of ballroom superstar, so nabbing her was probably a Herculean effort in and of itself.
A few moments later, someone squeals from across the beach that they saw something shoot across the sky. Cas and Dean look up immediately, and their faces are lit up as the shower begins. Streaks of white light flash across the inky blackness of the sky, and Cas knows right then that this is
He accepts the call and puts it on speaker before navigating over to his email. “What’s up?”
Cas smirks. “Maybe I just have a different definition of what ‘the fucking best’ is.”
“Can I get your number? Just in case he comes around?”
Dean’s halfway through a comic book when Cas drops the magazine on his lap; his boyfriend looks up at him in surprise and a bit of confusion as Cas sits down across from him.
"Wait, is Gabe
"Listen, Cas," Dean says, his voice tight, and Cas can tell he's trying hard not to snap, "wanna trust me on this? I know what I things I can and can’t do, and cutting shit is one of them." He remains silent for a moment, and Cas is about to apologize when Dean repeats, “So, like regular fries?"
Dean pauses, and Cas can practically see his mind trying to piece words together in the right order. “Ah...
. Dean taps the screen twice, and the book he was listening to pauses. “Hey,” Dean says, flashing Cas another one of his patented crooked smiles.
“Oh, well, we don’t want to inter--” the husband begins, but Dean cuts him off.
Dean purses his lips thoughtfully before finally nodding. “I’m trusting you not to kill me, Cas,” he says. He holds out his hand. “Potato me.”
Before Dean can finish his sentence, he notices Crowley’s eyes dart over in Sam’s direction, and he gives someone a nearly imperceptible nod.
The nice thing about budget cut chic, though, is that no one gives a shit about him or his basement studio classroom, so Dean’s got free reign to do whatever the hell he wants to the four walls of room 617.
He sighs, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes as he tries to pull himself together.
He finally comes with a gasp, hands going lax in the restraints. His chest is heaving as he starts to even out his breathing, and he can hear Dean jerking himself off with one hand as he pulls the tie away from Cas’ eyes with the other. Cas watches as Dean finishes himself, and tries to ignore the aching feeling in his gut at the desire to do everything for Dean that he had just done for him.
Dean gives him an unamused look. “You told me the sky was the shade of shit people buy for a baby shower when they find out the kid’s gonna be a boy,” he says, “and all I get about your eyes is that they’re blue?”
“That’s it?”
Cas had already been having second thoughts about this whole thing, but he starts having third, fourth, and fifth when his oldest brother emerges from the liquor store with three oversized bottles of tequila at ten-thirty in the morning.
Goddamn it, Dean, you don’t have to—
No. No, no, no.
“Well, I for one, can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather be. And I hate to break it to you, but
The rest of the night goes well enough. Dean manages to coax Cas back to the fire, and the three of them trade stories before heading to bed. Dean’s exhausted, and by some miracle, he manages to fall asleep before Sam’s bear-snores take over the night.
“That’s for thinking I couldn’t cut shit on my own,” Dean says smugly.
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s brief bio, but scrolls through to his photos. They’re not as high-quality as he had been expecting, clearly selfies taken without the advice of a professional photographer, and are free from any of the ads or paid promotions that plague one too many of his fellow bachelors.
Dean was firmly tipsy by the time Cas was about to leave to get ready for his final number. He seemed slightly hesitant about something.
“Thanks, I think that went even better than rehearsal.” Cas said with a wink. “That was alright? I didn’t scare you too bad?” he asked.
“Mmm, watermelon is my favorite flavor.” Cas said after pulling away. Dean blushed and glared at Charlie who winked at him in response. He rolled his eyes in response then looked back at Cas.
Dean sat there, slightly dazed and desperately looking forward to the Cas’ second performance. He made his way to the bar after a few minutes, getting multiple pats on the back on his way there.
“Why?!” She asked.
“I can be anyone you want me to be, but I’ll let you call me Lucy.”
“Oh shit, a shovel talk is definitely in order.” Charlie said, her eyes widening.
Dean paid the 5 bucks at the door and headed towards the bar. The bartender took one look at him and poured Dean a shot before he even reached it.
Cas smirked. “Thank you Dean.”
Den of Iniquity looked like a normal enough club. Unassuming from the outside but fairly loud and packed on the inside. It was just a club, same thing as the Roadhouse but a dance floor instead of the restaurant section. Although Roadhouse had a rustic western type feel, while Den of Iniquity was dark, moody and filled with reds and blacks.
Cas was wearing a typical school girl outfit, a basic white shirt, a loose short tie and a pleated skirt that cut hardly three inches below his ass. His hips and knees were slightly bony but his black heels made his legs look miles long. He turned back around and Dean swallowed heavily. “You look great.” Dean practically croaked before clearing his throat.
Dean smiled and pocketed his phone. He had a good feeling about Cas.
“Just a beer, I still have to perform tonight and I don’t love walking in heels while overly tipsy.” Cas said with a smile.
“Short for Lucifer, my parents were fond of angel names.”
Charlie frowned. “Dean, I would never talk to anyone else about your sexuality if you didn’t want me to. You don’t think I’d respect that?”
“People tip us.” Said a rough voice behind him, a very familiar voice. Dean turned around quickly to confirm.
He uncrossed his legs as the first beat hit and turned towards the crowd, sitting with his legs spread wide. Dean could see the heels had straps across the front and his legs were bare. He moved his knees in and out in a fluid motion, keeping himself moving to the beat.
“Oh that.” Dean flushed. “I don’t actually know for sure.”
Cas would be the death of him. Dean was going to die from dating the sexiest accountant alive.
“What did I miss?” Cas asked, eyebrows raised and glancing between the two of them.
“Why the name? Shouldn’t the idea be that it isn’t shameful to be here? Doesn’t that imply that the point of the Den is wrongness?” Dean asked.
Dean sipped at his beer, peeling at the label and trying not to look nervous.
The room went dark again and Dean just sat in awe as the cheers were deafening around him.
“Just try it, loser.” Charlie said while rolling her eyes, watching his reaction closely.
“That and my roommate is your other bartender.” Dean said, nodding his head towards Charlie who was serving what looked to be a few drag queens at the other end of the bar.
He looked to the end of the bar and waved at Charlie when she saw him.
“What?” Dean asked defensively.
During the second repeat of the chorus he used a bit more dance moves, moving his hips and making Dean sweat. He walked down the steps into the crowd to take tips as the second verse hit.
“Wait, Ann Jealous? Oh my god, are you Ann?” Dean asked.
Dean considered that for a moment then shook his head. “I can’t think that hard man, I didn’t come here to be posed with philosophical questions.”
“Westerns are so overrated.” Cas exclaimed. “How can they be your favorite?”
“Dean, you came!” She yelled over the music, coming over to him.
“I’ll have a beer after this, I’m not picky.” Dean said, taking the second shot.
Dean came through his door, trying to be as quiet as possible. Charlie was on the couch, playing some game or another with her headset on. Dean tiptoed behind her and almost made it to the stairs before she caught him.
“You’ve never been to drag night, I take it?” The bartender asked with a raised eyebrow as Dean thumped the glass on the bar.
The MC announced the first performer before Dean could defend himself so he settled for glaring at Charlie. She just blew him a kiss and flounced off to another patron. Dean rolled his eyes and turned back to the show. One of the queens was already lip syncing to Teenage Dream and walking around the crowd to grab one dollar bills people were holding up.
“No problem, sorry I was late. I had to stay a bit late at work.” Cas said, leading Dean to the booth. “I’m gonna grab a drink, don’t move.” Cas said and was off towards the bar before Dean could say anything.
“Yeah, I would love that.” Dean replied, trying to not spontaneously happy dance. “Does Friday work for you?”
Dean walked up to the bar and ordered a beer, looking around. Cas hadn’t had many pictures on his profile, most of them without great views of his face but he looked nice enough. He also had full sentences and punctuation in his description which was a point in his favor in Dean’s book.
Dean sighed in disappointment but got back to work finishing his last job before leaving for the day.
“Charlie, no shovel talks, we’ve been over this. And I’m not telling you who. It’s… Just let me keep this one to myself for a bit.” He mumbled.
“What did I just tell you?” Dean snapped.
“Yeah, she’s gonna kill us.” Dean said with a chuckle. “Drink?” He asked after a moment.
“I’ve been running this place for over 15 years, I know the look.” He said with a small smile. “On the house.” He said, pushing the shot across the bar to Dean.
“Yeah, yeah I actually am. I just had a decent date.” Dean said, still in disbelief.
Charlie looked genuinely upset. “Why couldn’t you tell me you’re into guys too? Dean you know I’d be supportive, I work a gay bar for Christ's sake.” She said, crossing her arms and pouting.
Cas came back fairly quickly with a beer in his hand. He sat across from Dean which helped his comfort level even though they were still close in the small space. “So tell me Dean, what is it you do?”
“Yes, male strippers. The best kind.” Cas said matter-of-factly.
“You guys met! Didn’t I tell you dean? I knew you guys would get along.” She said, beaming.
Dean got so used to texting Cas in between jobs at work that he didn’t realize how often it had been happening until Cas noted that he would be radio silent.
“You’re right Charlie, I gotta woman up.” Dean muttered. He ran a hand through his hair and walked in the door.
“Charlie, she said I should meet her friend Ann. Thought we should date or something.” Dean mumbled.
Dean looked down at Cas’ feet and his eyes widened. “Jeez Cas, how tall are those heels?” He squawked.
“Oh, we should watch it together.” Cas said, his eyes lighting up.
started up. A cheer rose from the crowd and there were quite a few wolf whistles.
Dean took a deep breath and turned around, held out his hand and said “Hey, I’m Dean”.
“Exactly! You’d probably throw me a fucking coming out party or something!” Dean said indignantly.
Cas came out from behind the curtain as the song started at the chorus. He was now wearing fingerless gloves of some sort and a wide leather collar that had ribbon lacing it up the front was peeking from the neck of the sequined coat. He dropped the coat off one shoulder and slowly unwrapped it in a clear mirror of a strip tease.
Dean froze for a moment until Cas lingered by his ear and whispered, “Thought you might need a little help.”
Dean took a deep breath. He was gonna get out of the car. Now.
“Ah, you must be the mysterious Dean. Well then, welcome to my Den of Iniquity. We encourage you to explore your most sinful desires and be utterly yourself.” He said grandly, holding his arms wide.
“I’m a mechanic. I practically run my uncle’s shop these days. What about you? What kind of job keeps you until 8pm?” Dean asked, actually curious about the answer.
“Yes and no. It’s mostly pointed at the religious group in this town who gave me a hell of a time getting this place open, they said a ‘den of iniquity’ would be a horrible business venture. They didn’t realize they gave me the perfect name until later.” He picked up a glass and started polishing it. “I dislike the thinking that sin is inherently wrong. If there was a God, he gave us free will so we can choose to do things when we want. He gave us that choice, so if he does all good then are they really wrong choices? Furthermore, if the big guy doesn’t like that, I hear Hell is warm year round.” He said with a grin.
Dean picked at his beer label. “Well for one he’s a guy, and I wasn’t ready for that conversation with you. And the other reason we already talked about, it actually feels... Real.” He mumbled.
Cas winked at him and made a show of climbing off his lap then smacking his ass in front of Dean. He walked back through the crowd, continuing to move his body in absolutely sinful ways as the chorus continued. He made his way back on the stage as the S&M section repeated. At the final beat he sat and straddled his legs wide, hands on his knees and head thrown back as if he was in the midst of absolute pleasure.
admitting, by the way—but even if there is, I don’t need your help snapping out of it.” Cas loves his brothers, he does, but he can barely handle them on a good day; there’s no way he’s paying $3,000 for the fucking privilege of spending two weeks trapped on a ship with them, birthday or not.
“Nothing.”
“Care to elaborate?”
“I guess so. Yes.”
His eyes study Dean’s, hidden away behind his sunglasses, and after a second of hesitation, Cas leans forward and removes the glasses, setting them down on the Impala’s dashboard. At first, he’s nervous that his actions would’ve upset Dean, but he smiles in relief when he feels Dean’s teeth press against the back of his hand as he grins, too. He watches the way the skin around Dean’s eyes crinkles as he smiles, and it just makes Cas smile wider.
“So...why are we here?”
She’s full-on
Cas squints past all the runners in front of them, and after a few hundred yards, he can see the finish line. He wants to start smacking Dean with excitement, to draw his attention to the fact that they’re actually going to
it’s not as b--”
“Ha! He’s excited, too,” she says. There’s no response, so she continues. “Aren’t you, quiet guy near the back reading...
Dean stares at him, one hand on his hip. “Why the hell would I want to do that?”
She smiles again, unsurprised, and leans over so she’s eye-to-eye with Dean, who awkwardly closes his sketchbook without breaking eye contact. “All right, then.” She taps him lightly on the nose before adding, “Get out of that lovestruck haze you’re doing an absolutely abominable job of hiding, and get going.”
“The infamous Dean Winchester,” Alistair says, studying Winchester with his arms folded across his chest. To his credit, Winchester stares right back, apparently not at all intimidated by the lieutenant’s icy eyes.
Dean starts at that and looks around, his heart leaping up to his throat. He can feel Cas’ eyes on him--he knows his name is Dean, but not that he’s
, his mind supplies helpfully, just as Cas approaches. He’s got a hunger in his eyes, a devilish little smile playing at his lips that’s got Dean feeling some kind of way, heat building low in his belly. He reaches up to grab Cas, draw him closer, but before he can, Cas grabs his wrists and pins them down on either side of his head. He puts all his weight there, and Dean’s hips spark with want when he feels Cas settle his weight over them, bracketing them with his legs.
“Where’s Alastair?” she asks, glancing up over Dean’s shoulder to see if the other man had been following him.
“Gabe, seriously, this is getting rid—oh.”
Cas nods. “I think it would make him sad, to come back and know that he can’t read anymore. He was just telling me the other day how upset he is that he won’t know how that
She’s already heading for the exit, but stops to flash him a brilliant white smile that
She waves her hand dismissively. “Pretend you don’t. Is there anything different-feeling about my face at all? Would you be able to pick me out of a crowd based on what my face felt like?”
Cas rolls his eyes, but nods anyway. Dean purses his lips together, wondering if he could get away with a tiny amount of contact, then decides to take the plunge. He leans over and nudges Cas gently with his shoulder--it’s barely even a nudge; but Cas makes Dean hyper-aware of, well, everything--and grins. “Intermission’ll be over before you know it.”
“C’mon,” Sam says, squeezing Dean’s arm once more as he starts to lead them out of the saloon. “We won’t go far, but we can’t be here.”
“Jesus Christ,” he mutters, jerking back.
They’re not interrupted by any more families wanting a photo, which is just fine with Cas, and apparently Dean, too. The next half hour is spent exactly the way Cas wants the next ten years to go, kissing Dean every so often until they settle on lying comfortably in the grass, Cas nuzzled up against the crook of Dean’s neck, Dean’s arm curled protectively around him as they stare up at the sky.
Dean watches as Cas’ eyes slide shut as he licks and sucks at the other man’s fingers, the groan that escapes his mouth enough to have Dean reaching for his own dick. Cas, though, Cas is somehow still on high alert, because he wraps his free hand around Dean’s wrist and pins it back against the ground without so much as a glance.
need. “Dean, you can’t, you shouldn’t, Ben needs you.”
"I don't need you to hold my hand." Dean pushes the door open and gets out without looking at her.
“What is it? What is it, Ash? Is it my Christmas present?” Ben babbles, his voice high with excitement. He wraps his hands around Ash’s face, covering his eyes and making the man laugh.
Ash bows his head. For a moment, Dean thinks that maybe Ash gets it. He imagines that Ash understands and realizes that things can’t go back to the way they were, that he’ll rip them apart if he tries. He cautiously takes a step toward his friend, raising one hand.
Dean shakes his head weakly, then dials Meg’s number again. “He’s not pickin’ up,” he says when she answers. “I just need to know he’s okay until I get there.”
The only thing that helps is the music. Dean listened to every playlist on his phone twice and then went through random genres in his music app. Classical orchestra, piano standards, folk, and blues, he’s listened to it all. His hands tap out the rhythm of every new song and he wonders if he really can play them all. There is an easy way to find out, but that’s something else Dean has been avoiding.
Dean’s breath catches. That sounds really, really good. “Yeah, go ahead and do that.”  He leans forward, intending to brush his lips against Cas’.
Dean grimaces. After last week, sitting in parent night is the last thing he wants. “I doubt it.”
“You need me to stop?” Bobby asks gruffly.
Dean just shrugs. “I was makin’ one for me, so it wasn’t a big deal.” He doesn’t mention that he was up an hour early this morning pacing the house while he anxiously cleaned to take his mind off their trip today.
Dean feels a little jerk of movement and then the muffled sounds of Cas trying to hold back his laughter again. He tightens his grip on Cas’ hand and pulls it up kiss his knuckles. Cas stops laughing.
“I really wish you would stop calling him that, Meg. You’re the one who convinced me to go out with him,” Castiel retorts, slamming the lid of the copier after clearing a misfeed for the second time. The rest of the team is already in the conference room and Ben’s father will be arriving any minute.
Dean nods, another laugh escaping. He brings the car to a stop behind a line of cars at an intersection and chances a glance at her. Her lips curl up into an annoyed pout.
Cas rolls his eyes and lets out an annoyed huff. “How is this any different? Just because I’m not aroused doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy being with you and sharing those things with you. We do other things together. I like watching you play video games and helping you work on the Impala, even though I don’t want to do it myself. I don’t see you pushing me away when I offer to hand you your tools.”
Dean blushed and took the offered napkin. He wiped it off as best he could, looking in the mirror behind the bar. He still looked like he had been thoroughly kissed but his mouth wasn’t as obviously pink as before.
Over the course of the week Dean and Cas texted every day, Cas expressing his exasperation with his brother and his questionable business decisions.
“Sounds great.” Dean said with a smile. Cas looked to be hesitating slightly before walking away so Dean took initiative. He grasped his face with both hands and kissed him goodnight. Cas inhaled a gasp through his nose then deepened the kiss. He grabbed the back of Dean’s neck and his waist. They were both slightly out of breath when they finally slowed to smaller kisses.
“Shut up.” Dean muttered.
“Hell yes! You can’t back out, you know what it would mean.” Charlie told him.
“Because we met before you introduced us.” Dean answered.
Dean nodded. Charlie was silent for a moment, studying him carefully.
Charlie just smirked. “No reason.” She looked behind him and smiled. “Welcome back Ann.”
A single spotlight lit up a chair as the slow opening to Taylor Swift’s
“C’mon, don’t be like that, I just wanna chat.” Lucifer said, starting to follow him.
Dean furrowed his brows. “No I’m not.”
He could practically hear Charlie’s voice in the back of his head, “Woman up Dean. Get over yourself and get in there.”
Cas came on the stage and smiled at Dean, winking as he started his number.
“Accounting huh? You don’t exactly look like an accountant.” Dean points out, gesturing to Cas’ outfit. He was wearing black skinny jeans which were artfully ripped at the knee, a black V-neck tee and a thigh length deep purple coat which had to be personally tailored but the way it hugged his body.
“Oh, you’re not Cas.” Dean said, pulling his hand away quickly.
Dean was filled with nervous energy even though he was lulled into a slightly calm state from the alcohol. The stage got completely dark this time, although he could see movement on the stage before the music started.
As the lyrics slowed again Cas made his way back towards the stage.
“Hey-” Lucifer said, suddenly sounding angry.
“Not interested.” Dean said over his shoulder. “So get lost.” He muttered under his breath.
He made his way over to Dean as the S&M section played.
“I want you to come by the Den Friday night though, I still want you to meet Ann. Plus it’s drag night and you have been promising to come to one since I started there over six months ago. No more excuses.”
Charlie just snorted and muttered something under her breath that sounded a lot like “Yeah right.”
“Plus shovels are boring, I’ll definitely make it more creative if it’s serious.” Charlie said, smiling at Dean. He huffed a laugh and relaxed.
“I’m busy Friday night. I’ve got… I’ve got an event. I could do Saturday though.” Cas offered.
Dean got ready for the night, which took him longer than he would like to admit. After his fourth failed attempt at something more fashionable he decided to give up and put on his usual flannel, leather jacket with a tight black t-shirt and his amulet necklace. He did switch into the slim black jeans Charlie had bullied him into wearing and figured that would have to do. Whoever this Ann was, Dean wasn't interested. He had come to terms with the fact he was really into Cas and wanted to see where they went.
“What?” Charlie asked, her face falling.
“Sonofabitch” he muttered. Checked his hair one more time and got out of the impala. Baby was his comfort zone and he was now outside of it. He could do this though. It was just a date. A date with a guy, who Dean had met on a dating app, but a guy all the same.
“I didn’t think you’d be that predictable, dude,” Sam says, casting Dean a look of feigned annoyance over his shoulder.
There ain’t much else to do during the day, so he spends his time wondering what it’d be like—to tangle his hands in Novak’s dark, messy hair; to feel Novak’s lips against his own, nipping at his throat, his shoulders, his chest, before slowly making their way down his body; hell, to just get him to crack a goddamn
Over the course of the next few days, Cas takes it upon himself to scan through the rest of Dean’s Instagram—on his laptop, of course, to avoid any other accidental “like” mishaps. He goes back far, long before Dean had been chosen as a contestant, and gets a glimpse into Dean’s life before he had shown up on TV.
“You look upset,” Cas says, studying the photo.
Gabriel throws his head back and laughs once, a loud, piercing sound that reminds Dean of a carnival barker. “You like this, friend, just wait til you see the ones I've got in the commode.”
However, Gabe and Balthazar have no plans to explore that day’s port, and that’s how Cas finds himself deboarding the ship onto San Juan alone, trying to decide if 9:30 in the morning is too early for whiskey. Before he can come to a decision on that, though, he hears a far-too-familiar voice from behind him.
Winchester is silent at that; Cas can practically see his mind turning over the words in his head, trying to configure the best response. Finally, he just shakes his head. “Fuck you.”
One more pause, a longer one this time, so long that Dean assumes Cas has hung up, and is about to do so himself when he hears,
“Really?”
fixate on the way his lips look wrapped around the bottle, the way his Adam’s apple bobs as he swallows. He doesn’t.
“Castiel.” Her voice is stern and unwavering, and Castiel is suddenly struck by how much Anna sounds like their mother in this moment. “It’ll be easier to explain in person, and I can answer every single question you might have, no matter how idiotic.”
The walk to the Ansin Building is just as long as it always is, but to Cas, it feels like it’s going by much faster with Dean by his side. His head is swimming as they walk, wondering if what they’re about to do is the audio equivalent of getting your lover’s name tattooed on your chest. He knows they’ve got to do it sometime, but he can’t help but wonder if it’s too soon, too brash, too final.
Anna purses her lips. “That’s rude.”
Lisa is standing in the middle of the room wearing a maroon sheath dress, studying all the books in the shelves lining the walls, and looks up at the sound of Dean’s shoes tapping against the freshly polished floor. She beams at him and laughs when he whistles.
“If you could make it out to Dean, that’d be great.”
expression on his face.
Cas doesn’t think twice about dropping his plates and bowls in the sink without rinsing them first, leaving Dean to scrub and scrape off the dried food with more elbow grease than he puts into the fucking Impala.
“I don’t know. Maybe. If what everyone keeps saying is true, it’s worth a shot. Assuming I can make it up to him for today,” Dean answers honestly. “I mean, it’s scary as fuck, you know? I think I could really fall for the guy if I let myself. I’m just not so keen on gettin’ my heart ripped out again.”
A short bark of laughter escapes from Sam and Dean shoots him a dirty look before kicking him under the table. “But Aunt Jess is a girl.”
Dean tries to stay focused on Charlie’s laps, on watching the way she moves—critiquing her strokes and the alignment of her hips—but his mind keeps wandering. The tune is still there, distant and faint. If he doesn’t focus on it, he can almost ignore it. Every time his attention wanders, though, he finds himself bouncing his leg and tapping the rhythmic beats on the bleacher.
“Okay, so you did some running on Saturday and had a five-minute dizzy spell afterward. Blurry vision and headache with it?”
Ben wriggles an arm around Bobby’s back, making the man grunt. “I’ll sleep here with Uncle Bobby,” he says, resting his head against Bobby’s chest. Dean has no idea how Ellen came to be grandma while Bobby is uncle when neither of them are actually related to Ben. The boy reserves grandpa for John, but Sam, Benny, and Garth are all uncle. Strangely, Ben never calls Ash anything other than just Ash. Dean has long since given up trying to figure out Ben’s reasoning.
Dean shakes his head, his whole body vibrating with anger. “Her dream, not mine. Hers. I’ve let you push me until I was ready to break, but it was never good enough. She’s dead. Nothing I do will ever be good enough to change that.”
Dean’s cock twitches as he imagines it, and he moves a few feet before the reality of what Castiel said hits him. This isn’t a one-night stand to Dean. Castiel isn’t a guy he picked up at a bar, whose name he doesn’t know and who he will never see again. Dean won’t be throwing away the number he’s slipped. There’s no way John won’t find out and ruin everything.
He’ll just get this over with, give Ash one last chance to see reason, then go over to Cas’ tomorrow night and tell him. Hopefully by then, there won’t be anything to tell because he’ll have talked Ash out of it. A minor glitch they can ignore.
Dean makes a noise low in his throat and leans in to brush his lips over Cas’ temple. “You seem tense.”
Dean blinks, eyebrows shooting up. “Your mom bought you a freaking house as a gift? Holy shit, my old man needs to step up his game.”
She shrugs nonchalantly. “You just about bit Bobby’s head off,” she points out.
“Charlie, I was just—”
“Dean, it didn’t, the car is fine,” she tries again.
. He smiles at the thought, memories of the night before flooding his mind now that he’s fully awake. He rolls over, reaching out for the warm weight of another body but the bed is empty. Before he can wonder where Cas slipped off to, he hears a small noise, like a sigh, along with a faint scratching sound from the other side of the room.
“Shut up, di . . ., uh, jerk,” Dean catches himself before cursing in front of Ben. He usually does pretty well keeping his language clean around Ben, but Ash has a way of making him forget himself. “Our lights are freakin’ awesome, ain’t that right, buddy? You’re just jealous you gotta string lights on a palm tree in Cali.”
Cas taps two fingers on Dean’s forehead and gives him a cheeky grin. “You in there, or did I lose you again?”
“Gabe would have called, but he can’t, he just, I’m so sorry, Cas.”
Castiel steps to the back of the room, away from the students. “What is it, Meg?”
Talk around the table eventually turns to more planning for the picnic tomorrow. “Benny and Andrea are bringing the kids. I can’t wait to get my hands on that baby,” Ellen says with a wink at Jess. “She said she has some clothes for you that the little one has already grown out of.”
Dean is tired of people asking him that. “I’m not gonna be at Santa Clara,” he says, ripping the band-aid off all at once. “Charlie and Dad are going, but I’m not going to make it.”
Once the need is out of his system, Dean lets the Impala slow to a more sedate speed and flicks another glance at Cas. He shouldn’t have waited to talk about the party—or rather, the guest list for the party—but there was never a good time. He can’t put it off any longer.
Dean walks up beside him and touches him lightly on the arm. Ash doesn’t startle, but he takes a deep breath and blows it out slowly before turning to look at Dean. “Come on, man. I’ll take you back to the Roadhouse.”
Bobby’s lips twitch like he wants to refuse, but he huffs out a breath. “Fine. Get out. But whatever’s going on, you gotta pull your shit together.”
The house is quiet. Sometimes, even after Ben goes to bed, there is so much to do that it doesn’t seem like sleep will ever come. Tonight, that peace is just as elusive, but it has nothing to do with the laundry piled at the foot of the bed or the load of dishes still in the dishwasher.
Dean frowns. “I didn’t ask you to come along today just so you could help with Ben. You’re not a babysitter or something,” he says quickly.
It’s still Dean’s knee-jerk reaction to defend Ash, but she kind of has a point so he just shrugs. “I didn’t have to drag Cas into the middle of it, though.”
Dean nods as encouragingly as he can and braces himself.
“Well, yes,” Castiel concedes with a small swallow. “You have a very particular scent that is probably comforting to Ben.”
The rumble of the big V-8 engine does little to calm Dean’s nerves. Normally, he loves any chance he gets to ride in his dad’s Impala, but today is not a normal day. Dean wasn’t able to move up his appointment with the neurologist, so John insisted he go with Dean to see Jody today.
The discussion topic tonight is managing meltdowns around family members. Listening to some of the horror stories about meddling family from the other parents, Dean is grateful that his family has been understanding and helpful with Ben. Even before they knew what was going on, they were supportive and never judged or criticized Dean for Ben’s behavior.
A genuine grin creeps up, replacing the smirk. “Oh, I’m sure I’m exactly how they described me. I could promise to behave, but I won’t ‘cause everyone would know it’s a lie,” he says with a wink, then adds conversationally, “Dean tells me you got an old Camaro he’s gonna fix up,”
He opens his mouth to suggest it, but a sudden wave of apprehension crashes over him. What if Dean misunderstands? What if he expects things Cas can’t give him? Cas has made a mess of explaining what he wants in the past. He could mess things up again. He turns away and closes the door behind him with a firm tug.
When Dean moves down his body, Cas closes his eyes. Firm pressure starts at his feet, then moves up, kneading his shins, then around his knees and up his thighs. Dean’s fingers dig in, finding every knot and massaging them until they release, leaving Cas quivering. He moves higher, fingers skirting the juncture of his hip and his knuckles graze Cas’ balls. He works up Cas’ hip, moving away from his groin, and Cas opens one eye. Dean’s gaze darts to where Cas’ cock lays soft against his thigh, then away again, as if looking is a crime. Sudden brazenness overtakes Cas, and he reaches for Dean’s hand. Dean startles when Cas grasps his wrist, eyes widening and breath speeding up when Cas holds his eyes while moving his hand to press firmly over his cock.
Someone has obviously been keeping up with clearing the driveway because even though Castiel parks near the street, there is a clear path up to the wrap-around porch. Gabriel wrenches the large bag of presents out of the back seat while Castiel balances a casserole dish filled with a peppermint and chocolate ice cream concoction. If asked, he’ll admit that Meg helped him make it. Kali carries a brown paper bag containing four six-packs of Winterfest Pale Ale from the microbrewery Dean had enjoyed before. Although the path is shoveled, Castiel goes first so that Kali can follow in his footsteps through the dusting that has continued to fall.
Ash flinches, just slightly, and Dean knows he’s hit closer to the truth than Ash expected he would. At first, Dean is sure he’s going to brush it off, so it’s like a punch in the chest when Ash retorts, “Why? Do you want me to come home?”
“Then what were you—”  Something in Dean’s expression must have given the answer away because Sam is suddenly flustered. “Holy shit, Dean, you guys were fifteen. It started that early?”
“He misses you,” she says as they follow at a more sedate pace. “He’s been going on about this trip for weeks.”
Dean stops–jeans and briefs pushed halfway down his thighs—and raises one eyebrow. “You got a problem with that?”
Dean winds one hand through Cas’ hair, petting and soothing even as he tries to come up with the words to tell Cas that it’s okay, that it wasn’t his fault that children are cruel. Cas’ voice is strained, holding back emotion, so Dean lets it go.
“Only if you think it’s something that will impact his health and safety at school. Of course, if he’s not feeling well enough to make it in tomorrow, he’ll need an excuse.”
“Sweet tree, man,” Ash exclaims, walking up to take a closer look. Ben excitedly points out different ornaments, explaining where each one came from.
“I’m glad to hear that, Castiel. It’s always been my belief that art should be enjoyed by everyone, not just rich socialites.” She inclines her head toward the photo Dean had been admiring. “As I was saying earlier, he’s here, the photographer, if you’d like to meet him.”
“So you believe he is only interested in friendship but you would like something more?” she asks astutely.
Dean meets the doctor’s eyes. “A little, yeah.”
he likes the sound of that.
“We’ll go out and test-drive some stuff,” Dean offers, determinedly ignoring the little voice in his head whispering that maybe Cas’ new boyfriend, or whatever he is, might want to take him car shopping. Cas barely mentions the guy, but Dean knows they’ve been on a couple of dates. Thankfully, Ben’s groggy voice from the back seat distracts him before he can continue down his usual nauseating path of wondering if they’re fucking.
“I’m fine. We don’t need to leave. I want to see the fireworks your father has been bragging about all afternoon.”
Dean wastes no time testing the boundaries with his tongue and Castiel opens to him willingly, warmth and wetness invading him and sending electricity singing along every nerve. He sucks Dean’s tongue into his mouth, drunk on the little groans that Dean is making low in his throat as he presses Castiel backward until he’s half reclining on the front seat.
“Well, there’s clearly history between them, but he was flirting with you. Then your man-crush put the kibash—”
“There’s a bathroom downstairs,” Dean says pointedly, as Sam is leaning against the wall clearly waiting.
“I’m not a saint, Castiel,” Will says with another of his boyishly charming grins. “I’m going to think about you in ways that are pretty much the opposite of going slow if you know what I mean.” He tugs on Castiel’s hands so that they step together, mere centimeters separating them, then releases his hands to slide his palms up Castiel’s arms.
Ben laughs, throwing himself onto Dean’s lap. “Daddy, you’re silly. There’s already robots that vacuum. I saw it on TV. I need to invent a robot nobody has.”
Dean is murmuring words that aren’t really words, just nonsense sounds and affirmations. He presses his face against Cas’ hair and holds him while he cries. Now that he’s started, he’s afraid he’ll never stop. It’s like a healing fire burning through him, but he’s terrified the blaze will burn him up from the inside. “I miss her so much, Dean. I didn’t think anything could hurt this much.”
Dean holds him, hands running up and down his back, leaving feeling where just moments before there was aching nothingness. “You’re not alone, baby. You’re never going to be alone again.”
Though it’s been years since he’s felt the back of John’s hand, he remembers the sting too well.  “He didn’t,” Dean starts in a panic, but Castiel cuts him off.
The adults shake hands and exchange pleasantries until Dean seems to realize that they’re still standing outside. “We don’t normally keep guests shivering on the porch,” he says with a chuckle and pushes the door open again. “Come on in.”
Ash follows him to a booth along the wall, animatedly talking to Ben about the robot he built. When Ash slides into the booth he pulls Ben in after him. Dean wants to argue, to say that Ben should sit with him, but he can’t think of a justification that doesn’t sound childish.
When Castiel comes back out of the house, a familiar Star Wars character is making his way up the driveway. Instead of the handsome man Castiel expects, there is a pretty blonde woman dressed in scrubs holding his hand. Juliet sits calmly next to his chair, but she begins to wiggle when the boy yells out, “Juliet! Mr. Novak! Trick-or-treat!”
“And Malachi wasn’t capable of having a relationship with anyone but himself,” she adds, more than a little cruelly. Cas gasps. He remembers Malachi standing right where Meg is, hand balled into a fist, and Malachi slouching insolently when he confronted Cas at the gallery. No, their relationship was never about Cas at all.
Dean shakes his head slowly, hands sliding in so that his arms are pressed against Cas’ hips. “You are strong, baby. You are so strong, but you don’t have to do it on your own. We’re in this together, Cas. Please, let me help you. I can’t,” Dean’s voice breaks, one tear sliding down his cheek. He takes a shaky breath before continuing. “I can’t stand not being here for you. Please, Cas. Let me in.”
Vibrations move from the floor up through the soles of his high-tops and reverberate in his chest. Letting himself move with the music was easier when he had a few beers to loosen his hips. It takes longer without the aide, but the music eventually shakes loose the tension he’s been carrying since they left Mesa. One song flows into the next, the rhythms grinding with racing beats and swaying with slower melodies.
A low growl is torn out of Dean as he rolls his hips again, driving his hard cock against Castiel’s erection, and Castiel’s eyes roll back in his head at the sensation. He drives his hips up as Dean tears himself away from his mouth to leave a trail of wet, warm kisses across his jaw to his neck. The moist pressure tells him that Dean is sucking a mark in the little space behind his ear, but Castiel can’t find it in himself to care.
Dean nods, making their noses bump, and he smiles. “I feel like I’ve been waitin’ years for you. I can wait a little while longer.”
Without saying goodbye to Garth, Dean shoves the heavy door open and escapes.
Dean throws on his clothes and forces himself to walk confidently down the spiraling staircase to the foyer even though he wants to slink down the back stairs. He isn’t doing anything wrong. Either way, it doesn’t matter because no one stops him. The door to John’s office is shut and Charlie is at her weekly game night.
“Fine,” Cas finally relents. He hangs up before Dean acknowledges his surrender.
John shrugs. “You don’t know what’s good for you. Willing to get on your knees for any guy who shakes his dick in your face. Your mother—”
Not all the songs Dean hears these days are ones he’s heard before. Though they’ve tried, none of the band members can identify some of the melodies Cas transcribes. Eventually, Cas writes lyrics for the unknown ones and turns them into songs for
“Resigned. But yes, I did.”
Donnie’s voice is friendly, but the words are a challenge. Dean forces his smile to stay steady when he says, “Yeah, well, I’ve been busy. Things are picking up at the shop.”
“Had to. It was pretty clean but I upgraded to TRW forged pistons, so I needed the clearance.”
“Dean,” she says again, her voice softening. Charlie glances up at John. Dean follows her gaze and John looks confused. “You weren’t under the water.”
“John’s an asshole,” she says in such a dry, matter-of-fact way that his answering laugh is more genuine. Charlie raises her hand to stroke her fingers against his face, the pads scraping across his evening stubble. “You had an off weekend. It happens. Your ranking is fine and you’ve got plenty of time to recoup before the national championships.”
That ache, the overwhelming sense that Cas sees more in him than is really there, is back. “Is that really how you see me, Cas? I’m just a guy. I’m not some freaking savior, plucking falling angels out of the sky before they meet their doom. Ben is just a boy.”
Dean heaves a shaky sigh. “You better be careful, sayin’ all the right things, you’re gonna make me fall for you.”
Dean gives in to the resolve in Cas’ voice and leads Ben to one of the round tables. He’s only half listening to Ben ramble about the space station and the Mars rover because he’s watching Cas as he waits in line. They rented a locker so they could stow their jackets and Dean has a clear view to appreciate the way Cas’ jeans hug his hips. Rather than his usual button down, Cas had chosen a fleece pullover in dark red. Although his hair started the day in some semblance of order, he has run his hands through it so many times that it is endearingly messy again.
There are a few minutes of tense, uneasy silence while Dean tries to figure out what he’s supposed to say. Finally, he decides on the truth. “I’m tryin’ really hard not to be pissed at you for fuckin’ everything up with Cas.”
“Jo isn’t his girlfriend? But I thought, well, she came to the meeting for Ben so I thought they were involved.”
The smile Cas gives him is a slight, shaky thing that is nothing like the smiles Dean is used to seeing. It breaks his heart. “Hey,” Cas responds. He reaches out and puts his hand in Dean’s, then responds to Dean’s slight tug by rolling over so that his head is pillowed on Dean’s chest.
Puttering around the kitchen, pouring milk and dishing up cookies, then laying out Ben’s pajamas and his clothes for tomorrow, Dean never thought he would enjoy domesticity. Even when he and Ash lived together, they were more like two bachelors. Take-out food most nights and running their laundry to Ellen’s wasn’t exactly the same thing as taking care of a house and child.
“That’s kind of freaky,” Dean teases.
“And that’s the important thing, right?” Cas retorts dryly, pulling the door open. Dean grabs the door with one hand and holds it open for Cas to enter the bright, airy storefront ahead of him.
. It’s about giving up, laying down and letting the dark take you. I thought for a while that’s what I’d end up doing.”
“You need to relax,” Cas says, bringing up both hands to squeeze Dean’s shoulders.
Dean’s first reaction is to get angry. “What the hell do you know about it? You weren’t here. It was just me and dad while you were on the other side of the country. I had to make the hard choices while you got exactly what you wanted.”
A quick shower and a full basket of laundry later, Dean grabs his phone out of his jacket pocket before falling into bed. Three missed texts, one each from Sammy and Benny, and a picture message from Ash. Dean shoots off a quick response to Sam’s wish for Ben to have a good day at school tomorrow before opening Benny’s text. Jesus, when was the last time he even saw his friend in person? Three months? Maybe more.
“Luck of the draw,” Sam says through a mouthful of whatever meat’s currently on the table in front of them. “It had just been my brother’n me for a while, then seven or so months ago—”
In a wordless gesture of permission, Lisa stays where she is, and practically melts into Dean’s touch when he rests his hand on her cheek. He presses his lips to hers and they kiss, long and loud and just a little bit sloppy.
“The train wasn’t our only way out.”
“Always.”
“Dean…” Sam’s voice is hesitant, warning, but Dean ignores him.
The barn’s filling up with flames fast, and Dean coughs as he tries to squint through the smoke. There’s a sickening crack from above them, and he looks up just in time to dodge a beam that’s broken loose from the barn’s structure, falling to the ground with a crash and a crescendo of sparks.
Cas stares at him, his mouth opening more to gape than to actually provide Ed with an answer. “I, uh--” He’s saved, though, when Charlie throws her hoodie at Ed and clucks her tongue disapprovingly.
Dean throws his hands up in exasperation, half because of Novak’s stubbornness, and half because of the fact that he just used a word like
“What’re we doing, Sam?” he calls out instead.
When Cas brings his head back upright, a stupid smile still plastered across his face, he catches the eye of a girl across from him, a few seats away. She's staring at him, and even though she gives him a small smile, it's tight and uneasy, and Cas can tell she's freaked out by him, this random guy smiling to himself on the train. Weirder stuff has happened on the T--Cas has seen it firsthand--but apparently not to this girl.
Pulling in a breath through his teeth, Dean shakes his head slowly. “No.”
friend.
Dean chuckles. “She’s always had a flair for the dramatics.”
“Pick that up and put it on your knees.”
“Do you guys see this?” Charlie’s voice crackles through the speakers.
Cas’ eyes go wide. “She did this?”
opinion count toward
“I can’t believe you’ve never been to Bova’s,” Dean says. He’s leading Cas down one of the narrow, cobblestone streets of the North End, and clearly judging Cas’ life choices, or lack thereof.
Castiel Novak. Not only Thompson High’s resident history nerd, but the hottest piece of ass in the entire Berensville school district, according to an expert panel made up of one (1) Dean Winchester. He teaches history two floors up, but as far as Dean’s concerned, he’s more than qualified to teach art, considering he may as well be hanging in a museum himself.
“You think I don’t know that? It is, and they deserve it, but you really think prison guards’re gonna be the ones to dish it out? You think
“You catch on fast.”
“Calm down, prettyboy. Nobody’s getting hurt tonight unless you give us a reason, got it?” With his free hand, the man holds up his middle finger in front of Dean’s face. “How many fingers?” The man holding Cas laughs, and Cas watches as Dean grits his teeth. “Let’s start with you, huh?” He runs his hand down Dean’s body, bending down until he locates Dean’s wallet in his back pocket. He fishes his hand inside, but before he can grab it, Dean lifts his knee and slams it up underneath the man’s chin.
Dean hasn’t been able to stop thinking about him for just as long.
Dean’s eyes lock on Sam’s in a silent question. If the woman’s blind, how the hell can she—
,” he breathes, and Dean hums around him in acknowledgement, his tongue moving slow and deliberate along Cas’ shaft. When he lifts his hips up into Dean’s face, Dean slides his hands underneath him, cupping his ass with a squeeze. He’s not going to last much longer, he knows he’s not, and he tilts his head back, swallowing hard as he alternates between mental images of Dean sucking him off, then glancing up at him with narrowed eyes and that little smirk again.
“You’re in my shot, man.”
Dean’s eyes brighten at that, and he tilts his chin up toward her. “Yeah? Appreciate the vote of confidence."
“What’s, what do you miss seeing the most?”
“Hi, sweetie,” she says, taking a few steps forward before closing the door behind her. “How are--oh, is that from Wildwood?”
Later that day, Dean is ready for his two-on-one with Lisa. The makeup team has worked their magic on his face, concealing the bruises and swelling until they’re practically invisible, and with the date theme being “winter wonderland,” they’d given Dean an extra thick scarf and hat, as well. Alastair had been escorted out of the mansion, but according to the producers, Lisa hadn’t yet heard about the altercation.
“What are these?” Cas interrupts.
“I’m putting
Dean lets out a low whistle. “Let me be the first to say that I, as an illustration and animation major, feel particularly useless hearing that.”
Cas shrugs. “Your conversation was entertaining. I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“And bleed out when he actually does hurt himself, but we just think he’s faking it,” Cas mutters, and Sam laughs.
“Fine, fine, have it your way.” He rolls his eyes and grabs a couple of cheese fries. “But really, Castiel, I know you practically
Cas can practically count the freckles dusted across the bridge of Dean’s nose, can see the way the photographer’s flash makes his green eyes spark with mischief, and he wonders for a second why he’s putting himself through this. His fingers slip a bit on his screen as he zooms back out, and suddenly, a red heart pops up in the middle of the photo.
Dean crosses his ankles on top of the coffee table and leans back, shaking his head and taking another sip of his beer as he tries to forget whatever the fuck happened over his lunch break. “Yeah, yeah.”
“I didn’t even want to come to this stupid concert, Gabriel!” Cas seethes, watching as his blood drips down into the already-disgusting sink in the bathroom. As he takes in the rust stains, yellowed blotches, and weird fuzzy mold wrapped around the drain, Cas decides that his blood is the least of this sink’s worries, and shifts his focus back to berating his brother. “And now I have to go start school tomorrow with this?”
well.”
“It’s appalling that you have
“For the record,” Cas, who had somehow snuck up beside him and is now pointing at his own likeness on the page, says quietly, “I think you captured my bone structure perfectly.”
But it’s making the guy smile, and that’s making Dean smile, and everything is just
“Listen,” Hannah says, resting her hands flat against Cas’ chest. “At the best, you’ll get a meal out of it, and at the worst, an awkward conversation you can tell us about later. At least
From the way he catches his bottom lip in his teeth to the quick glance he casts in the camera’s general direction, it’s clear that Sam wants to say something else, but instead, he just asks, “Does she make you happy?”
“Gimme that,” he grumbles, holding his hand out for the phone.
The likelihood of this whole scenario not happening would normally be good news, except for the fact that Castiel can’t get Dean out of his head.
Castiel nods. “Probably.” He bites back the urge to add
” he’s not entirely sure, but he thinks he may’ve pulled Cas close, judging by the way the man goes stiff under his arm, “—I never expect to see you again. For I’m bound to ride that northern railroad—”
Dean grins back, tongue darting out to lick his lips. “Gotta make the most of the time we’ve got.” With that, he tucks a loose strand of hair back behind Lisa’s ear, leans in, and kisses her once more.
“What happened?”
“So?” Dean asks. “What d’you think?”
At least, that’s what he hopes.
Another guy, sitting on the bench and chewing way too much gum, laughs. “Yeah, because you’ve got nerves of steel, Garth. Need I remind you about spring training last year?”
Dean smiles without looking at Cas. "He won't admit it," he starts, "but yeah, I think so. Hell, I miss him."
,” Dean breathes as they take their seats, staring up at the stage. For all the grandeur and glamour of the theatre, the stage itself is pretty sparse; a simple, two-story wooden walkway lines the sides and back, with a couple of ladders strategically positioned around it, presumably in order for the actors to get up to the second story.
“Dean, I’m--”
“I, uh, I gotta...work,” he stammers, rubbing the back of his neck uncomfortably.
Anna’s face brightens immediately. “Really?”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
Dean nods. “And the way you can hear its melody in the background of ‘Hurricane’? Fuck that shit, man, honestly. It’s insane.”
Dean barks out a laugh at that. “Oh, good.” He pauses, then adds, “But seriously. I know you’re not exactly houndin’ for the spotlight, so I’m, uh, I should’ve thought that night out better.” Cas opens his mouth to respond even though he doesn’t exactly know what to say, but before he can, Dean continues. “Like you said, the picture’s pretty shitty, though, so I really don’t think anyone who doesn’t already know who you are would be able to recognize you, and even then, it’d still be tough to—”
“I hope I’m not interrupting, the door was open—”
, Dean’s now antsy to keep moving. He finds himself an out when Cas starts helping Sam clear away some brush, and he hops on it faster than flies on shit.
