This chapter is taking place near simultaneously to the last one. Tony can’t be the only one to get a shovel talk.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. So this is something different but I think you’ll like it.
Cuddle fiancé: You know, if we hadn’t been doing this long-distance relationship for a year and ½ your threat would be threatening. We haven’t even been in the same country since Valentine’s Day. I love it when we get to be physically intimate, but I can go without it for a long time.
Madeline Rice is an original character, but I consider her a mix of former Secretaries of State Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell, and Condoleezza Rice. And maybe a dash of Susan Rice as well. I’m probably going to go the “no celebrities were harmed” route for a lot of the other cabinet positions of the Ellis administration.
Me: Okay, it’s boyfriend withdrawal. Not sure if I can sleep without you tonight. I didn’t do very well yesterday.
I’ll see you in DC on the 16th. Until then, I promise to call more and actually look at my email at least two or three times a day.
“I am not. The board is making him miserable and I think Tony is better working on saving the world. I’m looking forward to working with James Leopold in the future and I think he’s really going to bring the company forward. At least this way, I’ll know Tony will sleep more.”
Me: I have serious plans to mess with him. This section of our conversation is currently being replaced with a detailed description of me giving you fellatio. It’s filthy enough to make any person who finds it really uncomfortable.
“I think it was the happiest day I had since the snap. So what is your most treasured memory?” Steve asked.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. While Tony and Steve were eating stuffed blueberry French toast and “frolicking” on the beach, Tony got some responses.
Me: In the letter and again in person because I should have told him myself. I really am sorry about that. It wasn’t right for him to find out from TV.
BITC: It’s OK. The idea of MJ, Benji, and Flash being in a relationship together is just ridiculous. I mean, Benji is straight.
Venom: Why didn’t you tell me the truth?  Did you not tell me the truth because you were afraid I was going to tell the entire Flash Mob about it? Because you know I wouldn’t do that. Especially after you kept the truth about my ridiculously fucked up family and the fact that I’m gay to yourself. You haven’t even told your BFF.
Actually, Leo wished Daisy wasn’t there. Leo wasn’t planning to bring Daisy along because she was supposed to be in Mumbai right now, participating in the final negotiations and signing the agreement will replace the Sokovia Accords. It took more than a year, but the document that will become the Mumbai Agreement for the protection of Enhanced and Gifted Individuals was becoming something much better than the Accords that preceded it. Leo also made sure that no one could use the document to create the dystopic reality that the Doctor was responsible for in the framework. His ability to associate with various Senators and other government officials in his capacity at SI made putting those safeguards in a lot easier than in his previous role.
The new consultant: That explains why we brought groceries in addition to pizza and bagels. Good pizza. Your favorite white pizza with sausage. You're going to have to explain the family awkwardness when I get there.
Tony: Yep. Talbot was engaged to Elizabeth sometime in the late 90s and daddy dearest wrecked things with his military connections. Even though Talbot went on and found the love of his life in someone else, it’s obvious he wants revenge and now he’s powerful enough to get it.
Purple arrow: I have so many questions. Am I allowed to have access to these reports? Also, why was Bruce with Thor?
Me: Technically three. If we were not friends, I would poach Dr. Fitz. Your new exoskeleton is coming along nicely, thanks to his input. It should be ready for you next week. Now you’re only installing new elevators into the Playground for the sake of ADA compliance.
Football Hunter: Well, focus on fixing it without the boss making a deal with the devil to kill the evil bitch that will eventually kill him. You’re good at this. You already fixed the Avengers by just convincing your secret billionaire BFF to send a bloody apology text message to Captain Paragon.
Me: And if you take out that second human it spells shield. I don’t think anybody’s caught that yet. I bet Jeffrey change the E to Enhanced Human from just enhanced, solely to throw the media off.
I also really wished Endgame would have spent more time exploring the emotional effects of the decimation. Still, I realize there's only so much you can put in a three-hour movie. The first story in this series was 150+ chapters. We have time to dig deep into the characters' psyche.
Anthony love: Honestly, they did me a favor. After Coulson was kidnapped by my number two, I sent a Shield team to her loft led by Davis. They found her 16-year-old daughter locked in her room. The team is still looking through things, but it’s not good. Although with her dead, that investigation will take a backseat as we deal with time travel and impending alien invasion, but we’re still going to have to have the PR team spin things around.
Although this is labeled as an interlude, it does start with an actual in person conversation because that was added later when I realized we haven’t had enough Tony Steve lately interaction. Also, because it was added later. The first part did not go for the beta process.
Me: I’m flattered but I assume that we would have to be publicly together at that point for it to really be a good idea.
Counselor Laura: Maybe. The notes that Tony does have don’t make a lot of sense. He can’t ask Simmons because she’s mostly been in the framework since she threw up on my shoes. She’s also mad at us for hiding the liquor.
The new consultant: Because it wasn't negotiated in bad faith this time. Do I want to know why your father is meeting with the president?
Tony Potts: Steve texted me and yet neglected to mention his alternate timeline houseguest before making up some weird excuse to end the conversation.
“Also not selling my life story to the tabloids. Or making sex tapes behind my back. Which is apparently a whole lot easier now. You can even leak your own dick pics.” Tony joked.
The Mechanic: Point. I’ll deal with it when I get back. It would be nice to have another non-Shield Avenger. I’m so lonely.
“That’s why the Princess told Dr. Suarez the truth. That’s why she wants to keep you here for observations, even though you’re no longer in the containment room.”
So, yes Tony is now up and being relocated. However, he’s being kept away from his precious phone. The horror of having to write a note in hard copy. How long do you think that’s going to last?
Me: She should thank Monkey Lover, it was his idea. Also ask Monkey Lover if he wants to come with us to Malta and make sure Agent America is still coming. I guess we have to ask the Princess, if any of the team Shield members can come with us.
Ana Jr: Deke inquired about what program Flash utilized to reach the 10-month sobriety mark. He needs advice on how to deal with his Nana’s alcoholism.
The Mechanic: Hey are you still going to be under General T? Now that President Ellis is getting another four years, does this mean that Talbot will be dealing with a confirmation hearing?
Counselor Laura from 2023: During our last all-hands Avengers meeting, Simmons drank vodka out of a water bottle. It wasn't even good vodka, just strong vodka. She also has alcohol stashed everywhere. I haven’t seen her not drunk or crying since I’ve been here. Although maybe knowing Deke is okay will help. I'll tell her she can talk to him to get her there.
Tony: No strangling of any type, even the safe word variety. I’m not sure either of us would be up to that anyway.
This chapter takes place only an hour or two after the last one. I apologize to those reading this story and not watching Agents of Shield. This one might be extra confusing. Some of the events are adapted from AOS episode 4.6 and 4.7 of the Ghost Rider arc.
Tony: This is from somebody who is letting her husband punch his ex-boyfriend and likely future guest party member.
Anthony: I needed to come to terms with a few things and maybe read through the Howard diaries. That requires 3 pints of Ben & Jerry’s since Jack and Jim are off-limits. Also vast quantities of pizza with the junior archers.
Counselor Laura: Talking to my daughter made me cry. I didn’t come to you in person because I’m still fixing my makeup. She’s scared and terrified. Connor is angry at everyone, and I want to get home so badly.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all fabulous. For those that were confused in the last chapter, “Clint’s sister” is code for Natasha. She did consider herself Aunt Natasha to the kids.
I am OK. Some bad people tried to hurt me, but I'm OK because Ms. Pepper is really smart. It's not the first time and I always manage to bounce back. I’m not going anywhere. Really, if I didn’t get so hurt that time in Afghanistan, I probably wouldn’t have spent so much time in the hospital this time.
Tony: That would be nice. I really don’t feel like talking to the not so reformed doctor and Monkey Lover must be text messaging the girlfriend. It sounds like the type of conversations we have. Although, I don’t know why he refers to her as football Hunter in his contacts.
“It is your favorite sandwich. It is your favorite sandwich?” She asked taking a seat on the couch in the room. It didn’t feel right sitting on his bed. He may look exactly like her boyfriend, but that didn’t mean she knew this person in front of her.
Me: L would suggest anger management and couples counseling. I would have you talk to her, but it’s too dangerous and I don’t think we’ll be taking another trip to the island of Dr. Anthony anytime soon.
OK, I think we already did 28 with the positive qualities but OK. I like your artwork, I like the fact that I have to explain pop-culture references to you. Sometimes it’s fun. I enjoy that I get to expose you to things for the first time. Your face just lights up so much. I love that you’re passionate about things even when I want to punch you in the face. I love your voice. I love when you’re silly as well as being serious.
“I only showed you the most important ones. I will answer the rest.” Ana replied. That makes sense because he has 285 unread messages between his two accounts.
“Fiancé actually," Steve said as he placed his phone in his pocket. He also made sure to let James see the ring. It was a simple band with diamonds inlaid. Although the inscription inside, 'love always, Tony’ was his favorite part.
Counselor Laura: I understand. Also, as long as I'm here in 2023, I'm changing the contact to Tony Potts.
Me: You already know that one is safely with the Princess. I was only called a colonizer once, so I take that as a good sign.
The new consultant: Afia is happy to be his daughter. She’s a person. She just came into the world a little differently.
PSS: Sometimes parents fight but it’s okay. I think your parents will do better once they’re in the same country.
Me: Also, Agent Scary completely beat my ass in no armor combat. I’m sending you video footage of that since you now know who Agent Scary is.
"You know I'm not even surprise that you convinced Cuddle Bunny to let you give me the shovel talk." Tony said as Sam handed his phone back to him. He would really love to know what Sam said in his message to Steve, but knew better than to try to read it right now.
Me: That’s a technicality. At the same time Rhodey thinks things out. He’s not a blind yes-man. He’s going to consider everything before he makes a decision. I trust his judgment. He signed the accords because he believes in the need for oversight, but not draconian regulations that only hurt people. He would be a good balance to enhanced people are just weapons Ross.
“I totally understand wanting to text your family. I wish I could talk to my Nana right now. I’m just so worried about her. She probably went right to the wine when I disappeared. It’s her answer for everything.”
Venom: We came out to the kitchens to text BITC because he kept sending text messages. We didn’t want to wake you up, and we were hungry. We slept through breakfast.
The mechanic: I know it’s important to Steve, so I will try to make it happen even if we have to get married in a different country. Although we are planning to wait until Steve can be on American soil without getting shot or kidnapped by the DOD.
Agent 13: I'm aware you don't care about your safety, but you care about his. Don't make the situation more dangerous for him when he can't even defend himself. Right now, your presence would just make him a bigger target.
Me: Actually, after you left it got rescheduled for tomorrow which is why I had the meeting with various officials in Malta this morning. I’m glad it is tomorrow so I can sleep and get my body use to the time difference again. I hate jet lag.
Tony: Better than earlier. I think I found somebody, but I’m like 99% sure Benjamin has a crush on her, despite the fact that he’s brought his new debate team captain Michelle with him to the interview for reasons only known to him. I would think it was kind of adorable if not for the fact that Ms. Watson is literally twice his age. She also shares her first name with Benjamin’s biological mom which could totally be Freudian. Who knows? Coulson is doing the background check.
“Good boyfriend,” Tony said, still in another kiss. “I’ll go ask Friday if there have been media reports on a prison riot in the LA area yet.”
Me: Not really. They just need to know if in the bad old days, SI ever tried to create a biological weapon that would make people hallucinate ghosts and tear each other apart when exposed. I’m now happy I told Obadiah hell no when he proposed going into that shit.
Happy Bear: I don’t think he will, considering that things fell apart because Virginia and I caught him with the other person in a compromising position on his couch.
May: She’s currently at Empire State after a recent stent at SWORD. She quit because the new guy was a “Xenophobic anti-inhuman ass hole.”
Ms. Marvel knows some of what’s going on but not all of it. She doesn't know what happened to Uncle Phil. Let’s try to keep all information related to alien invasions in house for the moment. Although she does know your mom went missing. She doesn’t know that your mom is in another timeline. If you tell her that, make sure you use the Young Avenger line, not regular text messaging. There’s a reason why you and your BFF have a separate line; use it.
Just so you know, I'm not a complete masochist. I did take his name off of my medical power of attorney and I removed him from the Friday protocol. And you know, it hurt more to take his name off than yours. Which should have told me something right then. Afterwards, I proceeded to work my way through most of the liquor collection at the upstate facility. That's when I drunk texted him.
Dealing with the death of a parent is hard. Honestly, I don't think I've really dealt with my parents’ death until recently. But working with Peter has also helped me deal with a lot of things that I ignored for a long time. I’m glad I could be there for him. It gave me something to focus on with my boyfriend in Johannesburg doing charity work. (That’s another thing I trust you not to leak to the tabloids.)
“That doesn’t mean I actually like doing that. I prefer action.” Now that he did not find surprising.
“Okay, I am completely done sending all necessary emails for at least the next 24 hours,” Tony said, putting down his Stark pad.
Anthony: They are heart shaped. You're kind of a romantic. A very kinky romantic, but still a romantic.
Blue phone: Unless there really is an emergency, you shouldn’t text me when you are supposed to be paying attention to her.
Francis: Because no one told me otherwise until he was dead, again. Therefore, in a fight between May and Simmons, I’m going to be team Simmons all the way.
Counselor Laura: My fingers are crossed that you’ll actually get a boyfriend. Potentially Steve, especially if he tried to send you sexually explicit text messages while high.
"I've been studying how Friday 2023 managed to transmit all the data to us, along with your research. Although I think we would need the Pym particles that we don't have to send you back, I think we can send a message without them.” The Princess explained.
Tony: At least Clint being back will distracts Ross for a moment. Did I tell you that the ass is not coming to this anymore? It makes me even more upset that I must leave early to do damage control press. But hey at least it keeps me from the wrath of Spidey’s aunt for a few more days.
“OK, we both have made some very bad hook-up decisions and have learned from it,” Tony remarked just as he received a pop-up message on his Stark pad. It was from Friday. She’s communicating through pop-up messages because he has her on silent mode right now. She’s also not completely installed in Pepper’s house because she won’t let him. He wasn’t expecting to read that message.
MayMQ: Actually, that would’ve been in the text message exchange. I left before he could say anything else and took the wine with me.
TMNS: I started changing out of my costume before checking to see if I was in the room alone. But it’s okay. He’s not going to tell anybody.
The Melinda May from the “bad life choices timeline” will also be referred to as May-Rogers and sometimes just Mrs. Rogers or Melinda. I just realized I now have three Mays in this story. Why do I hate myself? Will there be a fourth? I am not telling yet, but I will try to be as clear as possible with which May I’m referring to and will try very hard not to write something where I am referring to all of them at the same time. I’m not that much of a masochist.
D Fitzsimmons: I take that back, sometimes she's with Hunter. He's my boss's nanny. They have an understanding.
“I have no idea why they are not together. I think the only reason why we ended up together is because she thought he was dead.” Steve tells her, honestly.
Lily bear 2016: Connor is mad at you. It’s why he wouldn't come to talk to you when Afia got us. He said he would watch Nate.
The Mechanic: I thought about it once I realized that he was 15. But there was the urgency of Germany and maybe at that point, I did not completely realize that this was not the time to bring a teenager in at all.
Red phone: My bodyguard, Deborah. There was a kidnapping attempt the year before and Peggy wanted someone there to watch my back so she chose Deborah from a private security company. Although, now that I know where Peggy really worked, Deborah was probably SHIELD.
MayMQ: You love my new tactical suit. It’s easier to deal with the consultant when I can actually hit him or when is at least busy. But he’s still recovering from the assassination attempt we did not prevent.
This chapter we switch to it being from the perspective of Tony’s cell phone, and of course he uses different names in his contact list.
Football Hunter: Most of what was going to happen, won’t happen because of things you’ve already changed. No LMayD or nightmare in the Framework and Jeffrey will probably live to retirement and not cause a PR nightmare by the world finding out that he’s not actually inhuman.
“And that may be years from now. Besides, she did sleep with hog face when she thought she was never going to get off that planet. She would understand. It would only be fair.”
Me: The press still hasn't figured out that Pepper and I are no longer a thing. Maybe that’s because they’re more focused on the demise of the Avengers than the fact that Pepper and I haven't been photographed together since the Stark industries Halloween costume ball last year. Things were falling apart before then.
Lily bear 2018: Dad came to New York with Nate. He got here really early yesterday morning from California. Although before that, Uncle Tony picked us up and brought us to the lighthouse. He stayed with us until dad got here except for when he was in that emergency meeting. Then Simmons stayed with us.
Red spider: My girlfriend disappeared with two Asgardians, and Stark won’t tell me where she is. Or he doesn’t know where she is after one hell of a fight yesterday with another alien.
Me: Yes. And since my official involvement has already been tweeted out in a press release, I thought I could tell you.
SimmonsJA: I see that you have finally come to me directly instead of asking Fitz to do your dirty work.
Steve heard knocking at the door of Sam’s suite five minutes after his last exchange with Tony. Or rather with Sam because he knows that last message was from his friend. He totally expected his boyfriend to come to him instead of talking to Sam. But he at least wanted the two to try to clear the air. He was starting to feel like something big is coming, and they needed to be together on this.
CoulsonPJ: Then someone else will argue that Tony is really of super villain/still the merchant of death and then it all starts over again. It’s a never-ending cycle. I had to stop for Tylenol.
Me: So if Rhodey survives the UN vetting process, things will be a little bit better. We might be able to meet up in person to hug it out. Laura wants that.
Tony: Yes. It is not just a training simulation. More like an entire virtual world. I mean, essentially, we were both working on it independently. I think I told you about my showcase at MIT when I was accosted by the angry mother of the kid I murdered due to stupidity.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You have all been absolutely wonderful. Your encouragement keeps me writing.
“Do you really think it was the best time to ask Tony those questions? He was in a wheelchair and hooked up to an IV at the time, looking very emaciated. I know you just went through a crisis, and half the world population was gone, but time and place.” Laura asked after watching the first part of the video.
“May pointed out that I never cuddle her like that. Pepper sent her pictures from this morning.” He’s not even surprised Pepper did that.
Tony: You know I have a new AI because Friday had to save Coulson’s ass and that requires her to be a real girl. So now I’m training Ana, who team Monkey Lover, the Princess, and Skye Quake created for me. She’s based off of Friday but with some modifications.
Red phone: Yes. Actually, I think you would probably be good at that. They usually work with children too. Maybe when everything is straightened out, you could go to therapist school. It would be a way for you to help people in a less likely to get you killed way.
"Because if I didn't do it, Shield would've got the blame and Agent Agent is trying to build a not-evil version of the organization. Since my BFF has taken over from him, I have extra incentive to build up the brand." Tony defended.
Blue phone: A lot of days, especially now that everybody is so scattered, but for a while it was better at the compound at least.
It’s time for another letter chapter. This time from Steve. Of course, because he’s on the run he can’t exactly email these himself, which is where FRIDAY comes in. Bless her for putting up with all of this.
Cuddle Bunny: I would too. I trained with her a couple of times. She even caused me to work up a sweat.
FRIDAY: Possibly. But I am uncertain because I still do not have access to the documents, despite the fact they been recently digitized.
Tony: I was kind of trying to make it into a Transformer, and I miscalculated. The cartoon just came out, and it was a thing. Howard gave a massive donation to the robotics department or rather what became the robotics department, and suddenly it became a sanctioned activity.
Anthony: I have to get the babies to the townhouse for a pizza lunch that has already been reheated at least twice.
In the 2016 election Matthew Ellis is running against a qualified female candidate that is similar to Hillary Clinton, but not necessarily her because I want to play around and it’s easier to do that if you go fictional. However, this candidate is using the “I’m with her” slogan anyway as per Runaways. I hope all of this makes sense at least a little bit.
“I only watch what I say around the kids and over the comms. Curse words should be reserved for when things really go FUBAR.”
Counselor Laura: I thought that was a possibility. Also, Friday just changed your name in my address book a little.
"Yep. We would totally be living together by now, or we would’ve strangled each other and maybe not in a sexual way. It is really complicated with us. But I’d like to think we were getting to a good place anyway. I sincerely regret not taking you into the bathroom for a blowjob that day. I think it would have went over better than the pen. I should’ve took the Lysistrata approach to this thing."
Agent Laura: It’s not the first time you’ve shared a bed with Steve. Boundaries disappear once you have children together. Even when you’re dealing with your spouse from another timeline.
Tony: Yes. They survived Mrs. Purple Arrow’s alcoholism, so I think they’ll get for this too. They just need time and space to work it out.
Several individuals have asked for a guide to the code names Tony and others use in this crazy story. After receiving several requests for this due to the confusing nature of Interlude 22, I decided to finally do it. I’m giving you one as written by Princess Shuri because even geniuses can get confused when reading the cryptic messages of Tony Stark.
“Our teachers are being told will be out for a SI intern project, but there’s a 50% chance dad told our principal the truth. He knows that Laura and I are ATCU.” Afia explained.
However, Laura and May have conspired to put Tony and Steve in a car together for nearly 2 hours. Friday 2023 has suggested an activity that helps Steve and Tony Stark-Rogers work through their issues.
Even if Tony is mostly a stay-at-home dad, I feel like he would still need a nanny, mainly because in this verse, Pepper is still working. Extra adult supervision would be required if Tony got into the creative zone or was forced to spend quality time with the board. I love the idea of nanny Hunter from my Hydra lullaby story. Part bodyguard, part driver, and occasional babysitter. With Happy gone, Tony’s going to need someone else. I always believe Tony needs more friends.
Anthony: I’ll think about it if Happy will turn the thing over. Hey, I’ll talk to you later, Sugar Baby. Snookums just called to talk about last night so I should go, Babycakes.
“This means I won the bet. I knew the Captain, and the man of Iron would eventually become lovers. I will have to come back for the wedding.” Thor agreed.
Venom: Which is understandable because rumors about our Inhuman heritage got us targeted by terrorists.
Person my boss is in love with: Can you make sure that Tony doesn’t see the rest of this conversation?
Actually, a few of the other young people hiding at the facility are also working with a tutors so that would probably be best. We can start our own little young Avenger school. Will teach them how to be champions for justice early on.
“Of course there was. At least before, when we were trading text messages, I could say what I wanted to tell you out loud, then look at it on screen and realize maybe if I want to avoid a fight, I should not send that.”
Steve: I'm just making lunch. Which you should join us for. You can't work on an empty stomach; you must leave Bruce's lab sometime. You've been there since you've got here. Have you even slept?
“Five more minutes.” Tony mumbled sleepily. But Steve wasn’t having it and pulled the blankets off of a very naked Tony. Steve was going to have to draw the scene later.
Pepper pot: Mr. Hunter is an excellent nanny, but even I don’t think he wants to do two overnights with our children completely alone.
Agent L. Barton: Especially after getting pregnant with Nikki by accident. I love my baby, but that was not a planned pregnancy. That was a post “oh God, Hydra didn’t kill you” accident.
Tony: I’m not sure about that. I was keeping her safe. But now she doesn’t need me for that. So even less people in my life.
Welcome back to the “terrible choices were made” timeline. This conversation takes place about a day after the last one in this timeline.
SimmonsJA: I won't argue that point, but you know I'm right. There is nothing wrong with a little actual dating.
“I don’t see why not. Don’t you want us to rescue Fitz and Coulson?” Simmons asked, trying to grab the back from him. At that moment Leo pulled out an ICEr and the Princess activated her nano tech gauntlets. Hunter pulled the bag away from her hand.
Also they didn't mess up my mind the way they did you. There's no trigger words in here, just lots of waterboarding. I'm surprised that Obadiah didn’t think of employing brainwashing techniques. That way he could've kept his golden goose good and compliant.
Red phone: That webbing he used to lasso your shield, he created it by himself. We are currently trying to find a way to put it in cell phone cases and protective clothing.
“No, although General Talbot with like you to sign some of the reprint Captain America cards for his son George for his birthday. By the way, he blames you for his son choosing the army over the Air Force,” Agent Piper said just as Davis pulled up a holographic image of Director Rhodes.
Francis: Are we sure it was the compound? It didn’t look like any room I recognize there. Also, Laura has never been there. Ever.
Morgan’s dad: I'm afraid to ask too many questions when Deke is involved. Plausible deniability is always best with him.
The new consultant: You watch way too much Star Wars. Which is why I don't trust what you just said at all right now.
Me: No, you’re right. Do you think that maybe it would be easier if he was a full-time Avenger? No more dual life.
May: I don’t trust them at all. Once Rambo died, the organization became complicit with Ross’s orders. I think I can build something better. Other Tony is making the ATCU less spycraft and more superhero social work. I want that. I can finally make Phil Coulson Academy happen. Pepper even said I could stay with her for a while. I’ll be okay.
StarkAE: He's wearing the pajamas suit. Dammit. Also, did Spidey actually take Sexy_Flash’s Audi? That kid is a dick. Seriously, only a dick or somebody who really loves that CW show would use that as their twitter handle.
Me: Probably no team that involves me could be doing anything considered black ops. I’m too flashy and well known. But there’s hundreds, maybe thousands of people with powers throughout the world right now and I’m sure not all of them are underage. Maybe some of them have your good doer energy.
Me: I don’t think certain parts of the population could take the blue-eyed blonde in office with you as his husband. We would have to be married right? Just living together would be way too much?
Tony Potts: We kind of need to. We need to come up with a map of where all the other stones are when we drop you home. It will be fine. We have already hidden most of the liquor.
Nomad: Because she realized that you're just as human as everyone else despite how much money you have in the bank?
Of course, this is an MCU story, so you know what that means. (Except for AOS 5.22 and Endgame but those were the ends of the story, and this is just the beginning.)
“We weren’t really speaking to each other at the time of the invasion.” Laura looked up to see Steve walk into the room, holding a Stark pad.
“If you care about her, then make a move. Don’t let your fears hold you back. Nothing in this world is guaranteed. But you can’t live vicariously through Tony Stark any longer. Tony has moved on. He is in a good place. He is happy. Even with everything going on in Washington with the Accords and registration, he’s happy. I don’t think I’ve seen him like this before.”
Anthony love: Unless he’s referring to Ross as the devil. That explanation would almost be viable. You know he was using State Department funds to do who knows what before he got kicked out. Platypus and the new M are still trying to figure out all the ways he misappropriated funds.
Red phone: I know that. There was only one electronic Jarvis and he's gone. Now, Friday tells me when I have to take important meetings. Kevin too, but mostly Friday.
Me: Good to know you got the new TV. Did they show Agent 13 as being the one dragging him out in handcuffs? She really enjoyed that. That’s my new moment of Zen.
“Crying while driving is the absolute worse. I try to avoid it whenever possible.” When in doubt, joke.
Me: Shield’s bad publicity was caused by accidentally incubating a terrorist organization. You can come back from murder bots or infighting but not accidentally incubating a terrorist organization.
I'm OK. Please stop climbing the walls, possibly literally. I’m not allowed to go out in the suit for a few weeks, but I’m good. As soon as my handler lets me go out in public unaccompanied, I am coming to Queens to teach you not to listen to anything the media says when it comes to me. We will have to work around your new class schedule since you are going back to school next week, but it is happening.
Tony Potts: Invite him to the all-hands meeting we're doing tomorrow. Steve said he will make brownies, the turtle type.
Jemma: I don’t know. Reading Deke’s words and knowing that Fitz could move forward hurts. It made me realize that I wasted everything wallowing in my own misery. What have I done? Nothing at all. I am either drunk or in the framework all the time.
“This is true. I think I know what question this is. The one about what death hurt the most?” Steve asked.
D Fitzsimmons: I'm getting to the point just in a roundabout way. The story of how I ended up here involves my grandparents and how we thought one of them was dead but, in reality, was just shacking up with Hunter. That's just going to send Nana off the deep end and straight into the bottle. Or more like keep her there. Like I need that.
However, things are very different in this timeline because of the butterfly effect. The Princess is there for one thing and she brought back up. Also another thing, everything is happening at the future West Coast Avenger facility. ADIA is also long gone and Radcliffe is behind bars. For those of you that have watched these episodes, you’re probably wondering how things will go without them there. Well, Leo and the Princess have a plan.
“He would hate us if we did." Although May would love for him to be back, she would respect his wishes.
“Obviously, he is your nephew since we’re sleeping together,” Hunter said, kissing Leo. “Definitely a Fitzsimmons kid,” Hunter whispered against Leo’s lips.
The new consultant: Benji is going to kill you. Although knowing her, she's just going to tell them to be safe. May 2 already offered to get me female condoms. She is okay with him being with both of us.
Anthony: That was Steve Rogers. Stefan Carter wants to punch him for taking advantage of his stepdaughter when she was emotionally vulnerable.
Tony Bear: Friday did successfully delete all the images from that one woman’s phone. Although you do have a point.
SimmonsJA: No, but I feel like I need to rectify that since most people keep forgetting that I have not had more medical training than your average military medic. However, Dr. Suarez also agrees with the orders and she has an M.D.
For those of you reading this on A3O, I’ve uploaded two chapters within just a few hours of each other. The first chapter is a package of art that Steve sent to Tony in hard copy. Thanks to him, we had to raise the rating of the story. I always thought it would be Tony that cause the rating to go up but it was Steve.
“That’s not a problem because I’m one of the few people Robin will actually talk to. She knows I’m broken just like her,” the Sergeant told her.
“Not at all. I have a 12-year-old who draws visions of the future, some of which have been of my death. So yes, I have a hunch about when I will die.” Steve reply darkly.
“And Lily bear. You know she is still mad at you for disappearing for over six months with nothing more than the one card to let her mom know that you were okay. That kid has some serious separation anxiety.” Tony remarked.
Counselor Laura 2013: I don’t know if you need to go that far. Talk to her grandson. I think he would know better than I would. Although we haven’t been telling her anything about Leo. I’ve been afraid to.
HSBF: I already did. The good guys win. The bad guys don't and Sulu never did get to kiss his husband on screen. So let's talk about Pepper.
Tosha: I knew I shouldn’t have taken Simmons with me to get you from Japan. What did she say to you?
Me: Tony is not ready to see him in person yet. He’s working through what happened, both of us are, but there needs to be more time.
Let me know what you think and if you want more. You may inspire me to start writing more immediately
HSBF: You still didn't drink the moment you got back to civilization. That shows you have real willpower.
“Not only that, he’s done a lot at Shield these last few months. And I think he’s right to keep it a hidden part of the ATCU. The new name is also a good idea. Superhuman, Inhuman, and Enhanced Liaison Division actually makes sense as a name. It sounds almost like a social work division of the agency.”
Blue phone: It kind of fits. Although I think those pants are way too tight, but the color scheme is okay.
Tony: Oh yes we’re saving the kink negotiations until we can see each other face-to-face. Along with other conversations that may or may not be cathartic.
Ana Jr.: Your hypothesis is correct. You would only be allowed to access the files that Stark would want you to see. Although your Friday may have different protocols than I do. Dr. Stark Rogers is not my father, but rather my grandfather, although I do call Afia my big sister. I was built by Leo and the princess after they gave Afia her body.
Anthony: And that was before the possibility of me waking up with you under said sheets. I can't wait for that to come to fruition in Johannesburg on the 24th.
“I know that. Friday is actually blocking me from Twitter and Tumbler right now. I’m looking at what Yo-Yo sent me. I’m having at least a few of these my wall of Steve.”
Me: Well it is in Stefan’s name. The burdens of a super secret relationship when your boyfriend is a fugitive.
Tony: Other contenders for worst memory would be when Anna died, when I was told about my parents dying, when I watched Jarvis die slowly of cancer, when Yinsen died, and of course watching my parents die on close circuit. OK, I have more than a top three which is probably why I’m having trouble coming up with my happy memory. I have issues.
Me: By the way, when were you going to tell me that you got shot again last week? I mean, I just tried to get you to tell me on your own, but you didn’t, so the world now gets to see you be adorable. Also, hey, maybe it will put pressure on the government to pardon you and I can get my boyfriend back before he gets himself killed being the hero.
This is the first time I've written anything from his perspective, so I feel like it's going to be fun.
Me: I just really want you to like my boyfriend. We have been friends for a really long time and I value and trust your opinion. I don’t like fighting with you.
Love: Only after the fact. We should've just locked them in a room with each other and a box of condoms.
There’s only so much flagellation anyone can take sober even when you’re a masochist and Tony is pretty sure that his therapist would classify him as such. Or narcissist, probably a masochistic narcissist. Is that a thing? If anyone could be both, it would be him.
Cuddle bunny: Along with showing me video footage of a very much alive Agent Coulson at a conference on how the alien contagion triggered metamorphosis/inhuman situation in Taiwan in February.
Me: Yes. Mostly from small children. Many are written in crayon. Oddly enough those are the ones that get responses because they’re heartfelt or so my liaison over there tells me.
MJ: Also, apparently, Loki and the CCO of Stark industries just disappeared from the streets of New York. James Leopold is also now trending.
Interesting piece of trivia, in an early IM2 script Tony propositioned Rhodey for a three-way at his birthday party. The line was cut from the movie, but it survived in the novelization. I’m counting that little gem cannon.
Ana Junior: I am the new AI running all Avenger and SI functions. Possibly also the ATCU too if Dr. Stark chooses to accept the position.
Sorry you’re just going to have to use Tony’s word pictures for Steve’s artwork this time. However, there are plans for more artwork in the future.
Red spider: Not all of us can get away with dating a fugitive. Daisy already has enough of an image problem. No need to add to it right now.
Red phone: Lila punched me, multiple times. It's all my fault that they didn't get to go waterskiing.
“I didn’t send it. You actually hit the send button instead of the cancel button on your Stark watch. I would’ve made sure that message did not go through. But you opted to use Philip for your watch, and he’s currently searching for Daisy. Therefore, the standard watch AI is currently running your device.” Ana answered him.
“This life that we lead as Avengers, isn’t for everyone. It’s hard to be in any type of relationship, including romantic relationships. You need to be someone that gets this life. There’s not many people that do. Clint was lucky and even then there are still problems. Steve gets it. Steve gets him.”
Anthony: It was Red. Yes, you saved 30 people from their captors, but if it wasn’t for the new spider fabric, I would be flying your body back here right now. You barely recovered from your wounds from before, but you can’t help yourself from running into the metaphorical burning building because in your mind, this is how you make up for not saving Bucky. Would he want you to keep doing this to yourself?
HSBF: They were with the others. I’m glad there together. I think this is the first time I’ve seen May smile.
Anthony: I also didn’t like her using you as her new coping mechanism to deal with her aunt’s death.
anniversary of mission report December 16, 1991 a.k.a. the day Tony’s parents were murdered by Hydra, the bastards.
Me: Absolutely, because who wouldn't want to make out with Captain America. Perfectly kissable lips and cerulean blue eyes with just a hint of green which makes them even more perfect. He is an absolute dream boat and my only companion right now is my toy box.
Friday: She actually did survive. She is now a professor of psychology at Empire State. She recently worked as a therapist for SWORD but left two years ago when the new director took over.
Linda Bear: The school can’t have a guidance counselor who is married to an internationally wanted fugitive. It’s okay. I already have a new job as a live-in private life counselor for an emotionally stunted superhero.
“Friday, sweetie, can you send agent May-Rogers a message asking if she’s OK that I’m sharing a bed with her hubby because Hunter is gross,” Tony asked as he switched her out of silent mode.
Warning: Discussion regarding a questionable consent situation. Remember, enthusiastic consent is always necessary. Never do something you’re not 100% comfortable with. Also, this chapter approaches the high end of the T rating for a brief moment, maybe even getting close to M.
Me: That horse is out of the stable and halfway to Brooklyn at this point. Snookums, Agent Agent, Agent Scary, and Agent Carter Junior all know that I am in regular contact with you. Snookums is counting this as negotiations.
Boss: No. I want someone from that motley crew to be able to get a hold of me when Cuddle Bunny does stupid shit. He has the self-preservation skills of a slug.
Red phone: That’s probably for the best. Since you haven’t figured it out yet, because you apparently respect my privacy too much to Google me, I’m bi or more accurately a Kinsey 2.
Me: Probably because somebody at the UN realized that Colonel Rhodes is on the short list of individuals Tony Stark will actually listen to.
Red phone: Having enhanced people evaluated by trained psychologists used to be standard SHIELD procedure pre-implosion.
Tony: And this is why I usually come up with an acronym and then try to accommodate it. It’s what Dad did.
I asked FRIDAY to deliver this note to you because we need to talk as much as you and Tony do, even if it can’t be face-to-face for the moment. I’m hoping circumstances will change that soon, but I might be working in various countries in Africa for a while.
Nomad: I wish I could tell you her name, but I can’t. I think it is covered under our national security honesty, exception. I really want to, but it’s not safe.
“Or bring takeout. I adore your aunt, but she can't cook at all," MJ added. The whole exchange made Peter even more mortified. They were not freaked out at all about his mom… Aunt mentioning condom usage. Also, what did she mean by “negotiationed”? What were they supposed to be negotiating?
Me: Yes. Hey, as much as I want to keep talking to you, Rhodey just arrived, thankfully without his competition. Which means it’s time for Agent Fitz and Agent Coulson to give us the grand tour.
Tony: Yes. See you in Mumbai in a couple of days, my snuggle leopard. I might even have a surprise for you if you’re well behaved.
Me: Your fiancé is fine. Lots of hugging and crying. Nobody’s punched anybody yet. Although Steve has been called a punk repeatedly. Steve is currently getting to know Barnes’s new friend Polly. I would love to know how those two met.
Anthony: Again, I’m not mad at you. I am furious at a lot of people who are no longer with us because they lied to me.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are so wonderful. I really appreciate your comments and kudos. Please remember to feed your writer; she’s needy.
Tony: Because Deke tipped her off that you were coming, and he thought things would go better with her there.
“Actually, that was the plan. Our plan, anyway.” Simmons explained, and May’s eyes became filled with concern.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. Also thank you to everybody who has left kudos or added the story to your alerts. Every little bit keeps me happy and writing. This is another long one.
“Of course you were.” Tony sighed. “And yes I’d rather have you watching Steve’s back now that Wanda decided to go get married or whatever.”
“I have a headache from reading these reports. I know stuff is missing. We only have a readout from someone named Nebula regarding what happened to Peter Prime.” Afia told the group.
Genius Princess: Where is your dad? I'm trying to alert him that I am en route to the Lighthouse now, but he has yet to respond.
Please note that the next set of chapters is out for proofreading and it may be more than a week before I can start posting. Along these lines, I am looking for additional betas and proofreaders. I have a great team that I’m working with now, but with the weekly updates on two stories I could use some additional help. Maybe with additional proofreading assistance, I can update more than once a week on a few stories. This is one I would really like to wrap up before Infinity War comes out. Please let me know if you can help. Due to circumstances beyond my control, I’m going to have some extra writing time so I can really use the extra help.
Agent L. Barton: Psychiatrist/psychologist because we could use a medical doctor, especially one for the mine. Honestly, we could use one of each. They can help with treating Simmons and apparently Thor. Why does Thor need my help?
Red phone: Yes it is. Peppers not coming back. I can’t look at Rhodey without thinking that it’s all my fault.
Me: The next best candidates are the recently powered Jeffrey the PR guru followed by your ex and that’s only because we have good blackmail information on him to keep him in check.
“Friday is currently on a mission with Dr. Leopold. However, yes both Fitz and Simmons are naturalized U.S. citizens. Although they both maintain dual citizenship, now that their identities have been reestablished. Dr. Leopold J. Fitz also has Wakanda citizenship granted personally by Princess Shuri. Dr. Simmons is head of the tech/science division, and will retain that position, after the restructuring, but for the greater ATCU instead of just the Shield division.”
Laura was now 100% sure she was in a different timeline. For one thing, her May and Steve started talking to each other again in 2016, not 2018. That’s not even mentioning Tony and Steve burying the hatchet the same year and getting engaged. Phil is alive and well in her timeline for another. Laura began to wonder if this was the timeline that James Leopold, a.k.a. other Fitz came from. Yes, she knows about the other Fitz as well as some of things that happened in the other timeline. She knows that Tony and Steve never reconciled there and Tony was about to marry Pepper before Leo was pushed back in time. Phil Coulson was dying. She knows that James Leopold mostly had a psychotic break because he was trying so hard to prevent the events that led to his terminal illness. Laura is also pretty sure she heard Simmons say that her Fitz died in a monolith explosion. That would be way too much of a coincidence to happen in two timelines.
Me: Can you just tell them to fuck off? You know I don't really care what they think about this. At all. It’s my life and if I want to have a boyfriend, I will have a boyfriend. Really, you can’t do better for PR than a boyfriend who helps the sick and needy all over the world.
Tony: But see, you would be the Paragon of Virtue trying to tame the evil asshole. I would be the guy ruining the Paragon of Virtue.
: Early nickname for Captain Steve Rogers when Tony was still in denial about his feelings for the captain.
“We also need to get Laura an even better gift basket considering the next three questions.” Tony sounded concerned.
What happens in season five was detailed in the Princess Annotations part two. This time the universe separated Fitz and Simmons by time not just distance. Leo rescues her and they come back to the present to try to save the world. And they do in the canon timeline, but the cost is steep (I tear up just thinking about it) and the finger snap still happens. But hey at least the Avengers are still alive to actually fix things. Others, not so much.
“Good and I’m going to try to make it as easy on you as possible.” The director said with half a smirk.
“He’s one of those Inhuman freaks,” Evil puppy number five said. It was about that time that Romanoff knocked him out. That was probably for the best because Tony was 30 seconds from at least shooting the guy in the leg.
The new consultant: Actually, I think that he’s been less careful around you than other people so he was hoping you would find out by accident.
“But it’s not all bad. It’s a good start. Better than what I have. Although you misspelled Wakanda. Yes, I’m reading over your beautiful shoulder. That is a town somewhere in the Midwest.” Tony said grabbing the pen from Steve and correcting the typo.
Anthony: They were all in Howard’s private collection that did not go to the Smithsonian. I think that he felt that you wouldn’t want something so personal public. It’s why I kind of recognized her.
Tosha: Obviously, someone is still bitter. Simmons is starting to talk. According to Simmons, you were in on her plan to bring your wife and Leo back to this timeline.
Genius Princess: I'm the one typing. I'm trying to push some code to Friday 2023, so she will Change the name of who you're speaking to, even if everything will be coming from the same number. Afia went to get Clint. He is anxious to talk to you.
Me: OK. You’re starting to know me too well. We talked for five minutes and most of that was during a 'family photo' for the various social media feeds. Apparently we need to publicize my good deeds right now to reassure everyone I am alive and kicking after the foundation scandal.
Anthony: So questions about everything you’re doing day-to-day is out of the question and I’m sure Friday can find the good stuff for me on Twitter. Social media has taken over the world and you have quite the following.
Melinda: We are going to need him to get Laura back to her own time at a minimum. We already screwed up once on our own.
Me: As well as $10,000 shoe baskets. However, Friday sent her the clean version of our answers for her to approve. The next thing I know the interview is off. In response, I sent her the champagne gift basket and the chocolate truffle gift basket.
The new consultant: Okay, we are on our way there. It's for the best anyway. I don't think we can all squeeze on that one bed. Like you guessed, Afia did send us a picture of you guys in bed together this morning. I see working out together is paying off.
May: I can read on the ride there. I know you’re actually a good driver. Besides, I don’t think anything in here is mission-critical. I was just using this as an excuse to make my husband confront his Tony issues. I believe our plans worked.
HSBF: Are you really over your ex-girlfriend? Because I kind of remember you making the same snide remarks about Sharon.
The new consultant: Yes. Oh good, the apocalypse is starting right on time to take away our spring break.
“She would probably enjoy that. As well as keep Thor well behaved. However, I still rather come up and look at the Lighthouse venue in person. Maybe we could have a picnic. It can be our first date, celebrating me being back home permanently. The wedding is still a month out.”
Nomad: You are so ridiculous sometimes. I’m glad you’re making friends. I think it’s what you need right now.
Me: I mean writing to my James. Also, there is nothing in the wastebasket because apparently nano paper is self erasing.
I also asked about pronoun preferences. Loki prefers that I use the masculine pronoun in private, but the female pronoun around the Grand Master.
Tony: Baker just choked on his $200 champagne. I hope the paparazzi that snuck in got pictures. I want that to be my new home screen.
I know you're worried about what happened in Siberia mostly because I didn't explain what really happened. I decided to go along with the Accords, not because I trust Ross, but mostly because I don't trust him and I believed that if I was part of the system, then I could make sure the man didn't create enhanced person internment camps. There was also this other part of me that thought if I managed to create some limits, maybe you would be willing to come back. I’m trying to decide if thinking you would come back was more wishful thinking, assuming Ross didn’t screw everybody over. I’m still torn.
The Mechanic: Maybe you’re afraid that they will react badly. That they’ll kick you out of the house or hurt you physically. Maybe you’re afraid that they’ll stop loving you. That was always my number one fear with Howard.
This was another chapter written during the WandaVision episodes. They made me want to work on the story, even though I probably should have worked on my Star Trek stories. I’m finishing off the next batch of Star Trek stories before working on the next batch of chapters for the story. Which I’m going to be working on during what if. That’s going to be fun.
Anthony: Well, that would’ve been an option if I wanted to kill Agent Agent again or get you killed by him. I like you both alive.
“He’s watching my daughter right now. Robin, not Kamala. She’s a junior at Brooklyn Vision Academy. She only gets to come home on the weekends. However, Robin is homeschooled, and we thought it was safer for her not to be here.” Steve explained.
Me: Barring aliens falling from the sky. I’ll have a really big Suite and I would love some company.
Peter does not just see you as a role model, he worships you. Did he ever tell you that you saved his life at the Stark world fair? That kind of made an impression on him and me. It’s so easy to fall from grace when they put you up on a pedestal.
Cuddle Bunny: Why would you suggest Agent May? Why do you think that I would be able to work with her?
“You’re going back to America? You haven’t been back that long. Are you going back to check up on your friend?” James asked.
“That wasn’t just me protecting Bucky. That was me protecting you. You wouldn’t be able to live with yourself if you actually killed him.” Tony can hear the sincerity in Steve’s words.
Me: Glad to always give you another reason. I’ll talk to you in a few days. Okay, Mary’s taking the phone now. Bye, got to go. Love you
Tony: Keeping quiet about Hydra murdering my parents or at least your suspicions about Hydra murdering my parents. I wasn’t ready to know the truth. But accidentally finding out the way that I did was worse so here we are. So, I can understand her anger. At least it’s more focused than mine.
“That seems plausible. But if things were different, you wouldn’t have Morgan.  I wouldn't have Robin and Kamala. I wish the decimation didn't happen, but…”
CoulsonPJ: You didn't tell him that you survived the Hydra infiltration until you almost left to take care of your dad by baby shower gift, no less.
“I’m not sure how much to change incase that tech could be used for something useful in the future.  I’m just trying to make up for the things I did wrong.”
There will be one more trailer before I start the next story. That I will upload via Text Messages From the Edge,  closer to when I start uploading the new story in case my Valentine's Day release date falls through. I'm currently in the middle of trying to buy a house, and that process is going to affect my writing time. It's why I'm releasing the story now in February instead of January as initially planned. 2020 will be a fantastic year for us.
Thank you to everybody who left comments for the story. Thank you to everybody who left kudos or added the story to your favorites or alerts. All of you have kept me happy and writing.
Anthony: I had you at a disadvantage. I knew that Captain America wasn’t the guy from the comic books before I met you. Aunt Peggy made sure I knew who Steve Rogers really was which helped when I started appreciating male anatomy. You had no idea that the Tony Stark from the tabloids and Fury’s dossier was just as fictional as the comic books I read as a kid.
OK, you know about Howard catching me having private time with your propaganda poster. I don’t think it’s possible for any moment in my life to get more embarrassing than that. It was pretty mortifying. And considering I have a sex tape that people still watch, that’s saying something.
I’m not going to hold him trying to kill me against him. I can’t, considering what I did. I’m sorry about that. I really am. The doctors keep explaining to me that I didn’t have control or choice in what I did, but that doesn’t make the nightmares go away. I don’t think they ever will. Maybe they’ll just come less often, or maybe the doctors here will teach me more skills to deal with it. We’re working on it.
Me: Actually, she was just one of a handful of Shield therapists that did not turn out to be Hydra. Most were because therapy sessions were a good way to see who would be loyal to the cause. It turns out some Hydra flunky was the one who really did my profile which explains the recommendation.
"I realize that now. At the very least I have Monkey Lover wanting to help me. I feel like it's his life mission to prevent an apocalypse. I wanted to bring him but apparently he has to spend some quality time with Dr. Suarez which is good because I worry about the kid sometimes."
“I guess you would consider Artie that," Steve explained. “We were close friends, maybe more than that. He was the first person I had sex with, at least. I was barely a teenager. But the times didn't allow for us to really be together. He died not that long before I was defrosted. Thankfully he found a life partner, though, which I'm happy about. He was a comic book artist named Grant Roth. He even kinda looks like me, so I guess Roth had a type.” Tony snickered at that. He also made a mental note to look up this Grant Roth.  “That wasn't something I thought either of us would find back then.”
Anthony: Not really, Gumdrop. That particular Friday fantasy is not happening outside of a contamination incident because we are both dating other people. And I’m so happy I’m dating you my yummy Bunny even if your friends are betting on us getting together.
Tony: And you’re right, Osborne would be an awful head of a government agency, any government agency. The guy is a dick.
Me: Okay. She said no the first two times I suggested it, and then I framed it as a settlement for the Germany fuck up. Then she said yes.
Purple Princess: I’m working on it. Maybe if I’m lucky, I’ll have it together before our meeting in 45 minutes.
He doesn’t even want to think about the specifics right now, but he knows Leo needs him because his counterpart is trapped and will die if they don’t rescue him. All of them really. They also have a crazy power-hungry villain to take care of. There is always one of those.
“They will probably sell more tickets, if you’re not a war criminal.” Tony explained, neglecting to tell Steve it was part of the movie deal the lawyers negotiated.
Me: No, still at an undisclosed location, but I can talk to you again which is nice. I was hoping it was Laura keeping you abreast of what’s going on.
Iron Dad: Officially to celebrate the finalization of the Mumbai agreement and to do damage control regarding the untimely traffic accident death of my number two. Unofficially to tell the president that he almost put Hydra in charge of Shield, again.  I owe Mack a hundred dollars because she turned out to be Hydra. I personally thought she was a Watchdog sympathizer.
Counselor Laura: He won’t. I think this Steve wants to support you as much as the other Steve supports my Tony.
“I understand. Tony still called me Jarvis occasionally for the first six months. The name I chose means a daughter born on Friday. I thought it would be appropriate,” Afia replied.
“I like it but let's focus on the wedding before we work on more kids. We already have Afia, and I assume Miles will be with us for at least a few more months. We might as well count  Peter too."
Me: For the sake of quid pro quo, I don’t rehearse what I am going to say when making a phone call, most of the time. This has led to disaster. This is also why I prefer text messaging. I’m less likely to stick my foot in my mouth that way.
“That may be possible. May said they had to completely erase themselves afterwards to stay off of Hydra’s radar,” Steve explained.
Red phone. They absolutely hate all the pornographic conversations they’ve been intercepting from me. I think that’s why they kept me there at least five hours longer than necessary.
Counselor Laura: So not to alarm you, but a version of my estranged husband just popped up in my living room with a new tattoo that covers most of his arm and midlife crisis hair. He also says that he is from the year 2023.
Steve: All we did was talk. Which was good and needed. Maybe the situation isn’t as dire as I first thought it was. Did you know about the actual status of his relationship with Pepper? You’ve implied that it wasn’t what I thought it was, but you never outright said it.
Nomad: Before that he called me Captain Tight Pants and sometimes he refers to me as his text message boyfriend. Actually yesterday he said that I was the best boyfriend he’s ever had. Even if it is not real.
Red phone: That explains why you can make a decent drink even if it takes Asgardian homebrew to get you tipsy.
BITC: He was planning to tell you when we are in Europe. He was saving up to get you a black Dalia necklace.
Anthony: 1) Its nude art. They need to get used to it. I have a digital screen over the prints so PG-13 art is reflected when anybody else steps in to my bedroom, which mostly consists of the cleaning crew, Yo-Yo, Happy, Lily Bear and Mama Bear. Again, Happy is mad at me, so he won’t be coming up to the room anytime soon.
Steve: Nothing happened despite what you packed for me. Also, you would kick me in the head if I tried. I know you’re not a cuddler.
Tony: That’s the American football team. I’m going to watch soccer with two guys from Glasgow, so it’s real football or at least that’s what I’m told I’m supposed to call it.
Blue phone: He had a good life though. Arnie even married his partner of 40 years in 2010 in DC after it was legal there.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last section. You’re all fabulous. Kudos to Duchess, bladeandroses, and Dophne for figuring out that the 15 minute break was between this bit of dialogue:
Tony: Things are precarious with her parents at the moment, so I’m being the indulgent pseudo-uncle. I really was planning on brioche French toast.
TMNS: Your daughter is fine. She just doesn’t remember the last two hours. The good news is Flash is conscious again. Piper is taking care of him.
“You like not wearing shoes.” This got him a glare from Davis this time. Maybe it’s best if he returns to actually texting Tony. Less people noticed that.
“It doesn’t work. Mom disappeared, other daddy too. They didn’t know each other there, though. They need more help.” Robin said as she continues drawing. This time a picture of another wedding. At least some time she got to see happy futures.
Laura would like to argue otherwise that she didn’t lose consciousness while reading that message from Friday, but she would be lying. Wouldn’t you pass out too if you found out you were trapped in a world where your kids were dead?
“We didn’t actually fall asleep until 3 AM and some of us need a little more sleep,” Tony complained as he kiss Steve again.
When will you be back from DC? Connor is being an emotionless prick. I know mom is stuck in another timeline, but that’s no excuse. You should know we made contact with her this morning. I got to speak with her. She’s safe. Which is good.
Ana Jr.: A Stark pad has been prepared for her when she arrives. I have made one for both you and Spidey. Your father was adamant that the data stay off the network. Therefore, you will have to hand-deliver one to BITC. If you remember correctly, he is with his mom this weekend.
“Yes and no. I’m kind of dreading the rest of the set. Apparently, phase 3 is where the real intimacy begins allegedly.” Steve remarked. Tony scoffed.
I'll be honest, I've been staring at the screen for at least the last 15 minutes figuring out what to write to you with everything that’s been going on lately, including the attempted murder. Actually this happened last time when I wrote to you which is why you got that tiny email. I thought that I would be able to talk about it by the time we would be posing together at the Children’s Hospital, but it didn’t happen. I was almost relieved that Kevin and Happy were keeping us 10 feet apart at all times and Yo-Yo kept coming up with things for me to do away from you. Yo-Yo is great because she understands the other part of my job. I’m sure by now you understand why she gets that part of my other day job, she did keep you from punching that reporter a second time.
Anthony: Yes. It means that not everyone in the universe thinks you are a paragon of heterosexuality. Although, stay away from the E fanfiction on freakingcool. It will just be too weird for you.
“Was a disaster. A lot of stuff happened there that all parties regret. More than we will ever really know about. Only three people know what really happened. One of those three is in long-term treatment for literally decades of torture. So you’re going to have to talk to Tony and Steve about that. If they’ve moved past it maybe you should as well.”
Football Hunter: Being the incoming new CCO of Stark Industries means your picture is everywhere and even with the nano mass projection of more facial hair and different eye color, your mum still knew it was you.
Anthony: You need to look extra edible. I want you in something that will make me want to climb you like a tree. Which won’t be that hard.
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You’re all beautiful and keep me writing.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re keeping me in the happy writing place. I’m sitting down to work on the first drafts of chapters 11 through at least 16 (maybe even more, if your reviews make me really inspired) this weekend but I need your help. At some point, Tony and Steve will be playing 20 questions. I want your questions. I have some but I would like more.
Me: I get that considering where I am now but I have still made contact a few times with Linda. What about the Heart?
Agent 13: Your boyfriend gave it to him in case of an emergency and apparently someone trying to kill him is an emergency.
“And falling in love with someone else doesn’t mean that you loved Andrew less. And falling in love with your best friend can be the scariest thing in the world, but rewarding,” Leo tells her.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are also wonderful. It’s time for another in-person discussion between Tony Potts and Steve May-Rogers. Those two have a lot of stuff to work through and little time to do it. We have an apocalypse to undo.
DILF: I've wanted to ask you why you made him chief creative officer for years. How did that happen?
Friday: They will contact us at 2 PM their time, which will be two days and 18 hours from now for us.
Me: You do to. I’ve lost count how many times you have lately changed the subject or not even responded to something that I’ve said.
For those of you reading this on fanfiction dot net, you’re going to want to check out Tumblr or the version of this story on Archive of Our Own to see the art by Misaky0. However, alternative text below.
Me: Okay, probably you and the Princess are going to keep the world from ending and I’m here to help.
Anthony love: I’m not entirely sure. I’m planning to read through all the files from 2023 sent to us from Friday. I feel like it would be a more reliable source than anything that Deke would put together.
: Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) designated codename for Dr. Anthony “Tony” Stark - Carbonell. He uses his Mother’s maiden name privately not publicly. Goes by Anthony Carbonell on twitter. Only a few SI staff members and celebrities such as Chris Evans knows this. Does not like to be referred to as doctor unless he hates you or you are being a condescending asshole.
Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2 took place in late 2014 so those events have been incorporated into the story even though nobody realized it, including me. So this is going to be a spoiler free zone for that movie. Figuring out MCU timelines is fun.
Tony: So maybe you start your letter there and then bring up the fact that it’s me your dating. I’m going to have to apologize for falling for a villain trap and completely losing my shit in Siberia.
Me: Good news, Benji now has decent blackmail material on that Flash fan boy. I think I mentioned this earlier.
It was mostly because of the teleportation aspect of it. One minute Laura was alone, and the next, he was standing in front of her and attempting to hug her. It was very disconcerting.
Tony: I have the honey butter chicken sandwich from Roaring Rooster and shakes from DJ’s so I’m ready for the emotional pain that will surely follow.
Director Snookums: And you have no idea how proud I am of you for doing that. You're getting yourself together and that makes me happy. You're a good guy Tony, and you’re even better when you’re sober.
Me: Agent has a different theory. He believes Mrs. Windom-West wasn't happy that I was bringing someone else on to oversee the SI charity foundations and not just because that person was my new BF. No one knew that was going to be a name only thing, so Agent thinks that was what scared her into taking drastic/homicidal action.
Me: We are a block from the hotel right now. We’re stuck in traffic. I’m tempted to get out and walk. I wish I could just fly to you.
Thank you for deleting any evidence of my aunt threatening to kill you. I corroborated the lab accident story. I’m still upset and a little angry and it’s probably best that you’re going to be in South Africa for a little while. Maybe I’ll go to homecoming since my evenings will no longer be filled with saving the neighborhood.
Venom: Except I am ridiculously obtuse apparently, and he literally had to take his mask off in front of me for me to get it.
MayMQ: In Clint’s case, he had the kids to think about, which is the same reason why he’s going to play Talbot’s game now. But he cared about you greatly as well. He was as big a mess as me after New York and it wasn’t just because of the mind control.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. You definitely keep me in the writing zone.
Red phone: So far they already fired Laura from her school and they’re following me around 24-7. I think I might have to hire an actor to play Cuddle Bunny just to throw them off.
No costume designs or toaster schematics, although her drawing does give Thor a new weapon that kind of looks like a giant ax. A new weapon that Thor is trying to plant into the chest of what looks like a giant purple raisin. Tony knows that the figure is Thor because of the muscles and colors being used, although the long hair seems to be missing. Instead, it is shorter and spiky. Next to it was a drawing of a blonde lady with a cat (with tentacles?) and a guy that looks like Patches before he became Patches. They are on a plane of some sort. The unknown blonde is also sporting a lot of red and blue.
Me: I am only drunk on cuddle bunny. I would explain why but you told me not to give you details. Mary W managed to get you, the counselor, and the red Russian a suite down the street. Although you, spider lady, and the counselor will have to share. But there are separate bed rooms for everyone.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. It is interlude time again because Steve is still working on his listening to Tony thing. It is a work in progress. You have all been asking where Clint is and you're about to find out. He is the "me" in the first section.
“Also, I feel like pre-parent me was an idiot. At the time, I did want to publicly acknowledge Peter as an Avenger. I even threw a press conference. Thankfully Peter was smarter than me and said no. But as Morgan's dad, I realize that was stupid. I'm glad other Tony figured that out sooner. Incidentally, that's how Pepper and I got engaged because Happy always carried an engagement ring.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are absolutely fantastic. This is another conversation between the two timelines. I decided that the Barton family conversations needed to be in their own section.
“That she was no longer cursing me out at doctors' appointments. I said some really stupid stuff, including accusing her of sleeping with someone else because I thought I was really sterile. I didn’t want her to completely cut me out of Morgan’s life, so I was very careful for the first two years.” Tony explained. “You?”
Anthony: So I don’t decide to make murder robots again because I’ve managed to convince myself it’s the best thing for mankind. I agree with that, which is why I haven’t tried to undo their super villain watch that they have me under with Friday’s help.
You’re forgiven. You remind me of my mom. I think that’s why I like you. I do like younger men, but I have this rule about not dating anybody born  after 1984. Also, my boyfriend would not be happy.
We will work out details when I get back. It should only be a couple of days. Although I think I might have to go to DC first. POTUS awaits.
D FitzSimmons: We’re hoping to do that again with these messages. This is why I'm using my phone. We think we are currently in a window, but monoliths are finicky little things and were using their particles for this.
Girl Friday: That’s all I got from my dad. A quinjet will pick you up at 7 AM and bring you to the Lighthouse.
Tony: Actually, it wasn’t me, it was Yo-Yo with my account, my Tony Stark account, so it might as well be me. Besides I can get away with that. Yo-Yo can’t. Although, Anthony C has been very active against Senator Hateful. That account has like 10,000 new followers in the last two days mostly because Chris Evans keeps retweeting him along with Mark Ruffalo. He’s leading the charge against superhero registration.
Director Stark: Along with Lily bear and the big brother. Also, I had to send Yo-Yo to tell Purple Arrow about what happened, and that’s not going to be a pleasant conversation. But it’s better than one of the kids video calling him. Lily really wants to talk to her dad right now.
Me: Therefore, please get your head out of your ass and arrange for him to meet you on a desert island somewhere so you can fuck out your aggression (message not sent)
Tony, what the hell happened in Mumbai? I tried calling but Friday said you have the apocalypse filter on which means that unless I’m dying, she won’t even forward my calls. I hate the apocalypse filter.
“Don’t feel guilty about that. Especially because apparently there is already another you there.” Hunter feels awful for being so happy about that, but there was another Leo, so he could keep his.
Tony: Between everything else. I’m letting Steve drive the rest of the way here to read through reports and send text messages.
Actually, I was afraid you were never going to send a letter. It’s just like with your art. You were never satisfied and you would hate whatever you did, no matter how good you really were. I guess that hasn’t changed since the 40s. It’s comforting to know that not everything is different, even if I wish your self-esteem had improved in the interim.
Also, if I didn’t love James platonically, things in Siberia would’ve went differently. Then again, maybe not that differently because I love you and I wasn’t going to let you have that blood on your hands. So I think love plays a big role in my decision making.
“I think she is warming up to coming with us. Maybe we will make her and Coulson kiss under the mistletoe. Friday-- sorry Karen, can you please make sure we have mistletoe?” Tony asked the AI.
“I don't think there are answers to these questions," Tony added after a quiet moment of reflection.
Nomad: It was an idle threat. Let’s just drop it. I don’t want to mess up your friendship reconciliation.
Tony: Simmons can stay at the cabin for a while once we get all of this done. And I’ll be her sponsor.
Number one May: When Tony asked me if I could take care of Miles for the weekend, he said that you would all be doing science stuff at the Lighthouse. However, I just saw him giving a press conference with the President from the rose garden officially pardoning Capt. America.
The new consultant: It worked for Afia’s parents. They were publicly fighting in an airport before they started texting each other. Now they’re getting married in a month. I know she told you how they work through their issues. If it can work for the future Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers, then maybe you should try it, Eugene.
This conversation takes place immediately after the last one. It short, but there’s some big stuff in here.
“And when exactly will your dad get back from DC?” There was a hint of worry in MJ’s voice that just made Peter place an arm around her. He knew she was scared.
“I think you can choose names after you rescue my boyfriend, if you’re capable of such,” Simmons remarked.
Chief mechanic: Be ready to conference in at 2 PM eastern time. I don’t think we’re going to be able to do video or even voice. Actually, I’m not sure how that will go since we’re conferencing with our alternate timeline counterparts. It should be fun.
Counselor Laura: That could work. It’s something to work on before the next call or, rather, text message session. Friday, are they trying to get voice? I really would like to hear my kids.
“They are together?” Steve asked, surprised. But he really shouldn’t be. Steve knows Hunter comes to the compound on his day off most weeks. He just didn’t realize they were more than friends.
Red phone: I was planning to hire her on as my full-time life counselor/assistant eventually because Kevin is moving to California with the wife due to the Pepper relocation. I just moved up the timetable a little bit.
Someone in the Senate, along with the help of a disgruntled individual of inhuman ancestry, were responsible for the Watchdogs getting the information. Because not all the information was fake, we have been relocating certain individuals on the list. The Purple Arrow family have relocated to the compound because thanks to the wording of the Accords, if you’re staying at an Avenger facility you don’t have to be on the list.
"I totally should've known better. At least he called Laura or rather had his friend do it. Of course if Happy would have listened to anybody, this would not have happened."
“90% probability, but I need to talk to Pepper first and possibly Peter." Tony said before kissing him again. He can’t get enough of this. It was addictive.
Tony: I’m sure you have a lot of those. Afia will be getting the full teenager experience unlike Vision who came grown up and ready to avenge. Afia however will be coming in complete with legal identity and cover story. I’m still trying to decide how much Jane is going to know, but probably everything because she’s Jane and she probably knew about the original LMD program, but Afia is in a completely different category.
Venom: Fine, I'm not entirely against this plan of yours. We just need to make sure Benji is on board.
Red Malibu: Don’t worry, Talbot is still happily married. Apparently, edible arrangements can get you forgiven when you accidentally mistake your wife for a Hydra operative. They also work after Hydra kidnaps your son for blackmail purposes.
Chief Mechanic: Agent Scary survived, but lost most of the team, buried Phil again, and married Steve. That May also adopted a bunch of Inhuman kids to keep them out of the system and probably away from whatever evil things Ross was trying to pull off. Who knows what that man could be doing? Perhaps something just this side of super-villainy.
I just want to let you know that the final chapter of the story has been written and is now off for proofreading. So the chapter count is final (unless some get split up). Including this chapter, there are 15 chapters remaining. If we stay on schedule, everything will be posted before Endgame comes out.
Love: Probably. Only Nomad could ever make him go to medical. Wait, what happened before the bodyguard arrived?
Anthony love: I’m still trying to figure out how to explain the time-traveling grandchild of Fitzsimmons. He isn’t even from the dimension or timeline that he came from. Apparently, he is from another bad timeline because our life is weird.
I absolutely love season seven of AOS, and it’s probably my favorite. (Sorry UK fans who haven’t got to see it yet.) That being said, not that much will be used in this story. Mostly what I’m planning to use is related to additional guidance on how the rules of time travel work in the MCU multiverse. As well as some of the background information that can still apply to the current timeline. This is because that season is in a different branch of the multiverse than this story. Somehow this story takes place in a timeline where Hydra didn’t kill Daniel in 1955, and somehow, he found his way back to Peggy. How did that happen? What does that mean? (Other than I can’t have my new favorite ship in the story.) You’re just going to have to sit back and enjoy.
For those of you who did not watch season five of Agents of Shield, the Blues is a nickname for the Kree that enslaved people at the Lighthouse.
There was another drawing that actually looked like she just drew the current situation of him standing behind her, looking at her pictures, except the Princess was with them. That just seemed weird, but then again he knows a soon to be seven-year-old that can make himself invisible. So really nothing should surprise him at this point.
Anthony: Congressional hearing with Senator Hateful. Allegedly, I’ve been colluding with unregistered enhanced individuals.
Purple arrow: Overnight. She’s at least three inches taller since I was here in February. It seems like I’m missing so much with the separation.
The Mechanic: I understand. I was the same way when Jarvis died a.k.a. my real dad. Apparently this is what emotionally distraught teenagers do.
“Let him in and please try to keep him from causing an international incident,” the director said before flickering out.
Anthony: Exactly. I wanted her permission to tell you first. But then little Miss Marvel this over here decided to press the send button on that particular text message because she ships us. Mostly platonically because she’s 11, but she still does. And I don’t even want to know how she figured out Cuddle Bunny is you.
Me: The Princess is willing to help with making the lighthouse less susceptible to a hostile alien take over if we don’t stop the world from cracking apart.
Anthony: See, with you that wasn’t a problem because all your muscles are real. I kind of want to lick whipped cream off of all of them.
Counselor Laura: No, she dumped him after she walked in on him, fucking around with some young adult movie starlet. I can’t even remember which one. Her and Happy have been dancing around each other for the last year and ½.
Me: It’s probably going to be that way because you have the super strength and you can like split a log with your bare hands. Did I ever tell you how hot that was? I wanted to climb you like a tree.
Me: The Coulson protocols were initiated and agents were watching the entire time to keep things from getting really awful. That’s how we discovered the operation to take stuff from the DODC East Coast storage unit. The FBI’s handling it.
“My Tony and Steve realized that too eventually, although it took a lot of text messaging and open and honest communication to get there.” Also, therapy and antidepressants, but Laura felt like that would violate doctor-patient confidentiality or, in this case, AA sponsor confidentiality.
"You think the All-Father would’ve told us anything? Do you think he really cares about this planet or anything other than himself? You didn’t even care about it until your banishment.” Loki remarked.
This begins immediately after the last section, so it’s still September 23. The first few moments happen concurrently. Also remember that we’re ignoring the “eight years later” from Spider-Man:  Homecoming because it messes up the timeline of my story (and the MCU as a whole).
“We definitely have to make sure the snap doesn’t happen there. I am interested in seeing what a wedding between us would look like. I bet there will be stars and American flags everywhere.” Tony joked.
Steve: Or they’ll be upset that she was raised for the last five years by a lapsed Catholic and his nonreligious wife.
“I’m the one who dropped the KY bottle in there. I also neglected to mention that the couch in my office is now a convertible. I told you I would make you share a bed with Steve.” Pepper smirked at him.
Anthony: That's the point or it can keep her from being a target. I'm starting to regret that the world knows that I’m the guy beneath the mask.
Counselor Laura from 2023: If she is, it's probably really early. She's not ready to tell people yet, so respect her privacy.
Stephen C: I hope it doesn’t. It would be easier if we were in the same country, but I think some distance has helped us work a lot of things out.
Okay, spring in the French Riviera it is. I look forward to seeing you at Thanksgiving. Bring your pie. I will make sure there is not a strawberry anywhere.
Chief Monkey Lover: Is Simmons dead in the other timeline? Did she disappear during the Decimation? A lot of my friends were wiped out of existence, including Daisy, Bobbi, and Mack.
Anthony: So Agent Carter Junior just showed up at the Tower to whisk me off to some undisclosed location. I hope a bag is not going to be involved. I hate kidnappings that involve a bag over my head.
Melinda: She asked if Tony stopped being an Avenger because you married someone else. She also asked Friday how your engagement with Tony ended.
Me: And then Friday can you text me and let me know what you decide. It’s your call. I will support you.
Also, a quick note about updates, I am probably going to be posting every two weeks for a little while as I wait for the next batch of chapters. I don’t want us to have a really long break, so I am trying to spread things out.
Tony: If you get blasted out of this plane of existence, I’m going to count that as dying and so did the person administering the pool. Platypus was mentally preparing himself for next of kin notifications, as soon as he was done dealing with General T.
Me: I don't think so. She did risk her career to help you before because she thought it was the right thing to do. I don’t think that’s going to change just because you don’t want to make out with her again.
“Why didn't you just destroy the Infinity stone?” Flash asked. “If it’s gone, the purple ass hole can’t use it to wipe us all out. We know that Wanda can destroy it. She did so in the other timeline before the purple one reversed it.”
Monkey lover 2: Still working on getting power back in DC. I’ve almost triangulated the location. You’re going to need a compass and a slide ruler. I’m sure you know how to make one. Even with the shielding, Friday won’t be able to do what she normally does.
I’ll see what I can do about cooking lessons. College at age 15 is not as glamorous as the movies make it. I kind of wish I waited. At least now kids get to do both simultaneously. Your AP calculus class should take the edge off. Once you have your class schedule and your Laura required stuff figured out, we can work out lab hours. Actual lab hours and no other training. Laura gets to work out that stuff now.
Cuddle fiancé: Apparently, Afia is still Friday in the other timeline, so maybe the other you don’t have those constraints.
PPS: I don’t blame you for the great sunflower assassination incident. That wasn’t your fault at all. Self-flagellation is not a good look on you. What happened was not your fault.
Nomad: I like it just fine, maybe because I'm not completely attached to the old versions because I was frozen when they came out. I've only watched half of the TOS episodes and have even gotten to the newer stuff.
I did get to see Spider Verse in a special showing last week and it was just the best. Please go see this movie. It’s fantastic. Normally, I would not enforce a 30 day no spoiler discussion moratorium for a non-MCU movie, but this is one of the few places where we’ve seen Miles on screen. Also, this story does utilize the multi-verse. So if you want to know how this movie may be influencing some things in this story, feel free to PM me on FF dot net. But I will be using a few things.
Me: It’s not good. He cares too much about what other people think about him to be a good leader. I’ll talk to your old doctor. She’ll make a recommendation and since you were a patient, you’ll be covered under doctor-patient confidentiality. The new leadership at Shield will respect that.
“OK, we are skipping question 18. I feel like we accidentally covered our terrible memories with our regrets earlier,” Tony said as he showed Steve the pad.
Me: Yes, although I am still technically in Virginia. We just touched down 15 minutes ago. We are making our way out of the airport now. Mary was waiting for me. I’m glad we were able to get a spot at the private airstrip at Reagan. Of course, if we took a Quinjet, I could’ve landed directly at the Playground, but whatever.
“We’re just going to have to take it one thing at a time. And you can’t fix everything." Steve reminded him. "But knowing you, you’re going to still try.” Tony snorted.
Tony: Dr. Monkey Lover. There are moments where I think he’s keeping something big inside. Maybe secretly he’s a clairvoyant inhuman.
“You realize that Tony said those things to you because he was scared and worried about you? He didn’t want to lose you too after losing everyone else. It’s pretty obvious to me that none of you were thinking very clearly after what happened.” Laura tells him after watching the grainy security footage. Note to self ask Tony about the build a bear thing. She should probably text him again. It’s not like anyone else is going to talk to her. Clint was still avoiding her, and Natasha was with him.
Tony Potts: I also just told him that I figured out that I was not that heterosexual masturbating to his propaganda poster. Remarkably Steve didn’t freak out at all. Although he might still be blushing, and it’s been 45 minutes and a stop for drinks.
Purple Princess: What we kept off of social media was they went to Norway and got their asses handed to them by someone who may or may not be Thor and Loki’s long-lost sister. Then they disappeared into the biosphere.
So Tony and Steve’s time in the same country is coming to an end. Because unfortunately all good things must end. But at least we have hope now that the situation will be resolved, thanks to the new people in charge of negotiations.
“Acknowledgement is the first step. We can stop for now, and I can ask you more questions about your time as a bartender at an underground gay bar. That seems fascinating.” Tony really has so many questions about that.
Me: Shit! I bet he went back to the old plan, just because he’s mad at me for dumping you for Captain America, the old Captain America. I need to go make some phone calls.
Red phone: All of them still want my tech, especially the one that showed up at the DOD yesterday. Although, if I die, everything just goes to Pepper and Rhodey and neither one of them is going to rollover.
So I asked that you please do not include any spoiler comments for Thor 3 until at least December 3 for my sake and that of your fellow readers. I’ll let you know when it’s safe to PM me with questions. Thank you for being considerate of others.
Yes, this is the reason why IHYHUTM has been the only story I have updated in the last two months mostly because I wrote about nine chapters before I disappeared into my writing cave to write a 34,000 word story in two months. I'm working on the next chapter of Hydra lullaby right now. I'm hoping to get it up to the beta today.
Steve: I know. I’m just starting to realize how problematic it will be bringing people back after 5 ½ years. Where are the Khans even going to live? We sold their house. We put the money in a trust.
Nomad: I was hoping to find an exclamation on why one of the Jedi looks exactly like my former boss.
"Yes. At the time, I thought it was because he loved or at least cared about Bucky more than me. Now, I know it's because he cared about me so much that he didn't want that blood on my hands. I get that now but not at the time. I have a lot of unresolved issues related to my parents' murder that I'm just now starting to work through."
Red phone: It went better than I thought it would. I calculated an 85% probability that Laura would strangle me on site for contributing to her current status as a single parent.
Agent L. Barton: From my Robin. She knew that her mom and Mr. Barnes were going to get together months before they did. We chose not to tell him because he needed all the help he can get.
The clues have been subtle, but Steve is not 100% okay as evident by the fact that his therapist asked Shield/Dr. Simmons to work on antidepressants that his body wouldn’t metabolize immediately. The PTSD is just the tip of the iceberg here. Steve’s reaction to the assassination attempt was more than just a boyfriend wanting to be with his lover and we will explore that as we continue. Clint and May made a very hard choice, but they made it out of love and compassion, not control or malice.
Genius Princess: We would really like that information as well. We can start getting the stones while we figure out how to get you back. We are trying on our end.
Hunter: I don’t know why you need me to do that. She’ll be happy. There's something else, isn't there?
Counselor Laura: The Genius Princess likes your idea, and I think she's going to convince the others to run with it. Although you probably already knew that because you were reading those messages.
Me: Lunch was scheduled, but then I got pulled into a meeting with the forensic accountants. Thankfully, Yo-Yo managed to slip me a protein bar at some point. Happy was not happy that he’s been sort of replaced with someone with superspeed
Nomad: You can still watch Episode I with me. For some reason, we skipped that. Actually, Clint had us start with Episode IV and V then we watched II and III before going to episode VI and VIII.
Although it probably helps that you have a boyfriend. Ms. Rodriguez mentioned that repeatedly. I think he might think that I was just your beard and I am not correcting that assumption yet. Apparently, he’s way too young to remember when the Tony Stark gay sex tape came out. If you say anything about me dating a guy who’s too young to remember that, I will remind you that you’re with a guy who’s only been conscious for about 30 years.
Red phone: You grew up during Prohibition, so maybe you were a lookout for an underground speakeasy. How close am I?
“I’ll ask. I’ll go call the principal in the other room so I don’t disturb you.” Steve said as he leaned over to kiss Tony.
“May is going to kill you when she wakes up,” Okay, now Hunter really wants to know what happened to Agent May.
Me: I’m sure it would have been a very different headline if they did. Tell Aunt Natalie to send me a copy of that paper, especially if the picture was flattering.
“Not at all and he definitely owes me an apology. However, I’m already coming up with a list of not evil people to put in charge of the government front covering Shield. Do you think that they’ll be willing to appoint Simmons? I think she has dual citizenship, because Fury thinks of everything. I think. Although, she may have lost it during the Hydra/Shield fall out.”
: Current codename in the Avenger message system/database. Currently, the only member of the U.S. government outside of shield that realizes Nomad and Captain America are the same person is General Glenn Talbot.
Anthony: We've reached an understanding, but that doesn’t mean I want to hang out with her, especially in heels. She’s already an inch taller than me barefoot.
Tony Potts: You do have a point. You’re right, I did not react well to Steve getting married even knowing that it was a semi platonic thing to get children. Like I had to schedule my own trip to rehab the day after the ceremony. Pepper left.
“Not lying per se, but not relaying pertinent classified information which we have always agreed was permissible,” Fitz argued and Leo just sighed. He would have assumed his younger self would have learned not to dig the hole deeper by this point.
“Never. Although say the word, and I’ll create a virus that will attack anybody sending those pics around. I can’t get rid of it, but I can make people not want to share it,” Tony said seriously, which made Steve smile.
Melinda: There is also an ATCU badge in the bag along with a faculty ID card for Midtown School of Science. She’s a guidance counselor there. The Midtown badge was issued in September, and the ATCU one was issued in October of 2016.
Nomad Okay, I don’t think we have to go that far because these conversations are encrypted. They are encrypted, right?
Iron Dad: I feel like this is something you can’t tell the president in an email. I’m not even sure how to begin talking about it in person. At least not without ending up in a mental hospital again.
Tony Potts: No. Also, baby girl Friday decided to send everything to your 2018. Apparently, Steve's baby girl Robin told her to because, of course, Robin is calling the shots right now.
Morgan’s dad: On the other hand, Clint is avoiding her, and it's tough to talk to somebody who is actively avoiding you. Although Laura said she would try.
Tony Potts: Not until after Morgan was born, because I’m afraid of becoming Howard, I finally started therapy again. I should've after we lost, but I didn't. I'm glad the other me got treatment sooner.
Nomad: I wish we had time to do something like that but you’re busy doing good things such as trying to make sure people like Senator Nadeer do not round up everybody who is different.
Me: And we celebrated by gorging ourselves on milkshakes. If it wasn’t for the extreme physical training regimen that Agent America has me doing, I would’ve gained 10 pounds with all the extra food I’ve been eating.
I’m talking to your BFF again. Did he tell you? I’m sure he tells you everything because you’re his best friend that he chose over me. I have this really screwed up tendency to fall in love with people who can never love me the way I love them.
To celebrate AOS getting renewed, you’re getting this today. I’m ridiculously happy that you’re not seeing my condolence message that I pre-drafted just in case. The show definitely help me keep the story grounded in the MCU.
Me: I spoke with her a little. She sent me a picture of Phil and Melinda kissing. She also apologized for what happened last time you guys met.
The Mechanic: I do. You’re my oldest friend. You also punched Tyler in the Dick after the sex tape incident which I will forever be grateful for.
Me: Monkey lover is getting his wish and Aida the LMD is getting incinerated at noon. I’ve ordered appetizers and cocktails for everyone else. Turns out, it is possible to get catering delivered to a place that doesn’t technically exist. At least in the DC Metro anyway.
“Because you don’t think she would ever go for someone like you. Her last two boyfriends have both been billionaires. You feel like you can’t compete with that. So why even try.”
“No, because he already hated Stefan because you’re keeping me from my one true love, Pepper. At least that’s what Happy believes.” In reality, Tony is pretty sure that Steve may be the one. Which is weird because they haven’t even had sex yet and they still have so many issues to deal with, but somehow Tony just feels it.
TMNS: Us being together is not completely impossible. Also, you saying that makes me even feel worse about the idiot boyfriend, like it’s my fault.
Of course you can invite friends to the compound. Some may need to go through a background check and if you invite your husband’s brother, he’s going to need an armed escort, especially if he goes near any of the Avengers tech. But your son’s BFF is always welcome. I’ll have Mary arrange a Young Avengers play date on the calendar.
Boss Tony: According to Friday, this is your phone number. Strangely enough, it was never assigned to another member.
Anthony: I feel like we’re due for at least a regular villain attack soon. Maybe just watchdog level and not Loki level.
“We were happy. Now everything’s going to change. What if May takes Robin with her? Polly left Robin to her. I'm going to end up alone, and I don't want to be alone again.”
You know there are days when I deeply regret leaving the Air Force. Like today when I was forced to make an unscheduled diplomatic visit to Norway. I’m pretty sure I’m the distraction, so the King of Cats and his team can do their thing. The life of a Deputy Assistant Secretary is exhausting.
Steve: Waking up in the future and realizing everybody you love is gone can be quite disconcerting. I think we’re going to have to prevent Friday from telling her anything else. I think she needs to be eased into it.
I have a new partner because Rhodey has a brand-new job and maybe subconsciously I am still a little pissed off at Vision for paralyzing my BFF. Yo-Yo is cool, at least now that we understand each other. Basically, we are both members of the 'our family members were killed in cold blood' club. That sort of thing helps cut through a lot of cultural and socioeconomic differences.
Anyway, I’m sorry I’ve been kind of in the boyfriend bubble for like the last week. Yes, adults do that stuff too. Or maybe I just do that sort of stuff because I kind of skipped high school. I’m starting to think high school is where you learn actual survival skills for the real world. I feel like I’m missing most of those. I’m sorry I did that. You don’t deserve for me to kind of go into the love bubble. I will try to be more responsive, even when I’m with my boyfriend.
Tony: Today, I found out in the other timeline Happy is kind of with Pepper because the May Parker Riley there ended up with Professor Olivia Octavia.
Red phone: Don’t say sorry unless you’re really planning to make sure you don’t test out the new suit in that way. Did it arrive from Palau? Rich guy fugitive Ian Quinn is now being extradited from the country, so I assume the mission is over.
Anthony: Because I’m a masochist with a ridiculous guilt complex who has two therapists and an alcohol problem. No one should measure themselves against me when it comes to good mental health. I’m sure I told you that we’re trying medication.
Tony: So I did the math and Benjamin’s uncle Riley was killed in an armed robbery two weeks before the first clip showed up on YouTube.
Stephen C: I’m not sure we are actually friends and I kind of feel bad for getting him involved. It wasn’t his fight.
“Oh Honey Bear, you love my chatter and my mouth,” Tony said dodging a shot from evil puppy number eight. Thankfully, he was promptly taken down by Sam. Of course, that was the moment that a few more Watchdogs ran into the room. Okay, they sent at least 15 goons to kill him, when they thought he was by himself. He had definitely pissed some people off. Although not enough to send people in that actually stood a chance against that many Avengers. He may have shot a few in the leg just on principle at that point.
PS: I think it is best of Happy comes back to New York. He’s joining me for the Labor Day event anyway. I would feel better if he was there with you after what happened. Really call him and stop pushing us all away.
Reminder, the only thing I’m not drawing from for this story is the Inhumans TV show. Everything else is fair game.
Melinda: Friday took over the conversation when Laura arrived here, letting her know that Tony was no longer part of the Avenger network. Although apparently, he’s kept that number for Morgan to make phone calls on.
Nomad: He never told me that, but I'm not surprised. I don't like the idea of them using Tony to get to me.
Red phone: I guess that answers my question. It also answers my question of if you have been with anyone since being defrosted. It also makes the Sharon thing 50% less creepy since you did not move directly from aunt to grandniece.
Tony Potts: I don’t know. Stevie bear works as a counselor at a community center somewhere in Brooklyn. Although I doubt that he’s gotten help himself. He’s too busy trying to save everyone else to save himself.
Yes, I want an update on your life. So yes, always feel free to email me. It may take me a moment to respond, but I will always respond.
Counselor Laura: Anyway, Steve didn’t want to be in a position to keep something from you again, so he asked Friday to look into his suspicions. Friday asked Leo, not the original timeline Fitz but the Leo that came from this time to look into it. Because of his time in the framework as Hydra's head, he knew where the bodies were buried.
“Most people would’ve had a venue chosen like six months ago. Of course, we didn’t set an actual date until last week when we realized that the Mumbai agreement was actually happening. Because of that, we have to choose a location immediately, or Julie, our wedding planner, will start hurting people, starting with me.” Tony explained.
Agent M: I’m not even surprised. Keep him wherever you are. We don’t have time to keep Liberty from being picked up when we are trying to figure out who attacked Red Malibu.
Counselor Laura: As soon as you found out I wasn’t your Laura, you can’t even be in the room with me. I’ve been trying to talk to you for days, and you keep avoiding me. How am I supposed to take that?
Anthony: I get why you did it, but I don’t think Pepper is ready to talk to you yet. Okay, I’m pretty sure she hates my new boyfriend. Which is fine because Happy hates you and he doesn’t even know that it is you. I can’t wait to listen to the most likely angry five-minute long voicemail waiting for me from Pepper Pot. I don’t know if she’s going to be madder at me canceling or about you.
Look, strategy, and fluff. That needs to be a tag. See progress. Tony and Steve are better when they work together. Although the denial continues. Now taking bets on when they will actually get a clue.
“He volunteered,” Simmons argued. “And since Stark won’t help us, maybe Fitz will when Deke brings him back.” Okay, who is Deke? Laura thought to herself. “If anybody can reverse engineer the Pym particles, it’s him.
TMNS: Hey, they are letting me and Afia leave because apparently, the grown-ups need to keep talking.
Red phone: And I now have a new needle to look for in the haystack. It was kind of a heat of the moment thing after another almost kidnapping attempt. I’ve had a lot of kidnapping attempts and actual kidnappings.
So let’s see how many of these questions I can get through before the Counselor forces me to sleep for the night. I tell him I need less sleep than a normal person but he doesn’t believe me.
Red phone: Probably. Which means I should go regardless. Anyway, I have work to do so as much as I want to keep talking to you I have a R&D meeting in 10 minutes that I have to go to.
Nomad: I hope I am too. I’m happy that you sent out the release because this means you’re moving forward. I’m proud of you.
“To get you back, I would have done anything, anything. If I’m going to make that sacrifice, then spending the rest of my life with you is the most simple thing in the world. Leopold James Fitz, will you marry me?” She asked almost scared of the answer. Yes, he got her a ring, but maybe he changed his mind.
“If I’m going to talk to Clint or more likely text message my alternate timeline husband, then I want you and Steve to have another conversation. May I suggest breakfast tomorrow morning?”
“Jane wanted to publicly announce Peter as an Avenger after the Vulture incident. Unfortunately, that still happened in the other timeline. Happy was upset about your relationship with Steve and ignored the ATCU sanction plan to move the weapons upstate away from the kids.
Me: Don’t. And of course I remember because I’m not vividly describing in graphic detail what I want to do to you as soon as I make it to the room.
Nomad: Did you do anything that could result in you needing to hide out in Wakonda for a couple of months? You know, vengeance isn’t always the answer?
Purple Princess: Not at school because it’s not secure. Your house is also out because it’s not secure. But, unfortunately, your dad won’t let you come to my house because he doesn’t want to make your mom mad.
“You did turn it into a PSA against cyberbullying,” Tony said instead of giving his praises for Melinda. “It’s better than those videos you did before. Why did you do those videos?” Tony has been curious about that since the first time Peter mentioned it.
If there are any other important names that I forgot to include, please include them in the comments and I can always do a follow-up list later.
HSBF: I know. I think I'm going to need your assistant’s phone number if I need help dealing with you. I think Laura is a little too mad at me to actually respond.
“I never understood why it was so random.” Tony wondered out loud. “From a math perspective, I get it, but from a human perspective, I don’t.”
: Daisy Johnson, Former alias Skye. Referred to in the media as Quake. Former Rising Tide member. Former Shield agent. Currently tracking the terrorist group known as the Watchdogs. Technically wanted by the U.S. government but they’re not looking that hard.
Director Snookums: Just keep those conversations under heavy encryption, I beg you. You're like a brother to me. Because of that, I never want to read your sexual fantasies in a professional capacity.
Tony: She’ll probably throw the money over a cliff but I’ll be dead when that happens, so I rather her do that than the board. You know I hate the board.
“Karen, thank you for stepping up. But what could be that overwhelming?” Tony said out loud, realizing per the emergency protocol created after the Princess and the Fitz twins turned Friday into a real girl, Karen was now the main Avenger AI. Avenger Ana was a separate system for Secret Avengers use.
“Although keeping you out there is not the only reason why I’m not arresting you. Because Shield is a federal agency again, there’s some things we can’t do that you can.”
Me: Radcliffe brought up the asshole father while he was pleading for mercy/leniency. Or maybe it’s because Monkey Lover felt like he was being stabbed in the back by another father figure. It was probably a lot of things at once. It’s always the quiet ones, especially if the quiet one is also a spy.
“That’s understandable, because if you get this done now than we can have more naked time later.” That got Tony a glare.
“Coulson told May, and she told me. They were best friends, and they told each other all their secrets.” Steve explained with a sad smile. That told Tony that Steve was well aware his wife was still in love with the fallen agent.
Counselor Laura: I can’t tell you most of it because it’s classified, but Flash and Peter are sort of friends now.
However, after 15 minutes on the road and halfway through his milkshake, the awkwardness was getting to him. Sure he can text message Steve, but he doesn't know where to start in person. From what he got from Laura, it took his other self getting totally drunk to begin talking to Steve again. That wasn't an option. So Tony will have to go with the other thing his counterpart used to work through his mountain of Steve Rogers bull shit.
Tony: Which probably means that you’ve been in Eastern Europe recently. I’ve heard rumors of possible Inhuman internment camps. That’s a mess I would like to avoid. So I have more lobbying in my future.
Tony: However, tell flaming head that his brother is coming with us and doesn’t completely hate him. He is also bringing the soda that Mockingbird requested.
Agent M : Former boss now. War Machine is in charge with the Heart heading up operations. I’ll keep you posted.
At the same time, I know there were people who loved me like Aunt Peggy, Jarvis, Anna, and Mom. But at the same time, I always had to be Tony Stark which makes for a really awful childhood. It wasn’t until I was an adult that people liked me for me.
Tosha: Also, Fitz was killed about a month before the decimation, sort of. It’s complicated. Although I don’t think she knows how complicated yet and I’m not going to be the one to tell her.
Agent Johnson: As planned, I did follow. So the Bifröst is nowhere near as much fun as I thought it would be. Mainly because it shattered mid transport because we had a weapon tossed at us.
Tony: Unfortunately, the next question is take four minutes to tell the other person, your entire life story in as much detail as possible. See this is why you should be careful what you wish for.
Red phone: They really want to know how Nomad ended up with a super suit that could stop a bullet from penetrating his heart. I really didn’t need to see that footage.
There’s also the fact that this Clint was covered in tattoos and had ridiculous hair. She hasn’t seen Clint since he picked up Nikki for his time with the baby back in February. Laura is pretty sure one of the kids would’ve mentioned dad’s new tattoos after their numerous video calls with their father. They talked to the man almost daily during their trial separation.
“Which leads to your second good quality; you’re very mission-oriented,” Steve said, ignoring his Freudian slip. Bless him.
Tony: BTW, the not so reformed doctor based Aida’s body on that of his former girlfriend. She left him last year right before he started working for the founder of the cult of the squid. Which makes this afternoon creepier and reminds me of a couple of Buffy episodes.
“He knows that it happened under duress. He understands that. You will see when you read the letter. I’ll get you something to drink and you just read the letter.” Shuri said getting up to make tea.
Morgan’s dad: I know and no. Although, I understand why he prefers to work here as opposed to the SI lab space. Which is entirely understandable. Also, I doubt the Zima thing is true. If she’s this far gone, you need to worry about the hand sanitizer. I would know.
Tony: If you were around, it would be easier. Also if I take the deal, while things are being negotiated, you and the team could move into the Malta house. I could come visit every couple of weeks when you’re not on missions, without the subterfuge. We could call each other.
Me: Because she realized we’re not that different. Less than six months ago her cousin was killed by dirty cops when trying to stop illegal weapons trafficking in Colombia. That puts us in the same boat. Also, now I completely understand why she didn't want to hang out with the Merchant of Death.
So the purpose of this letter is to reassure you that I do care for Tony deeply and genuinely, all parts of him. That I intend to be with him to the best of my ability and I will do my best not to hurt him again.
Agent Johnson: My cousin. She has independent study right now, and I don't want his aunt's girlfriend to take his phone again. It must be weird having her as his professor. Anyway, we think we know where we need to go.
“Okay, the next question is ridiculous," Steve said, avoiding his question. Again Tony let it go because they still had a while before they got to Manhattan.
Anthony: Apparently, Freudian slips are forgivable. The footage of her visiting me in the hospital also helped until she punched out the reporter. That made the stocks go down. I don’t care because Pepper brought chocolates. The good ones.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if Ross was suggested to be Secretary of State by the guy who ordered Manhattan to be bombed. Hydra would want to keep the world unstable,” Steve argued.
Me: Really good, although he’s mad at me being back in DC this week. Also his aunt is willing for me to foot the bill for Benji to take a few college classes during the spring semester. Normally, she won’t take charity but she considers it reparations for Germany.
Pepper pot: There’s no point of you going all the way back to Queens. Just stay here. Besides, I would like to go over some work stuff with you since Deke is unavailable.
“So interestingly enough, the next question is we‘re supposed to share an embarrassing moment with each other. You go first,
Red phone: I also still have meetings with DOE and ATCU tomorrow. I'm still surprised a congressional hearing is not on the docket.
Monkey lover 2: The bomb blew up three monoliths. They better be in separate countries by now. I’m almost positive that’s why the world broke apart.
“Okay, I love it here. The oven thingy perfectly reheats a breakfast sandwich in 90 seconds. I made yours too.” Flash said as he walked over to the kitchen counter to see MJ, who was now crying. MJ crying just scares the hell out of him. She’s not a crier.
Me: Or rather Captain Oblivious just thinks that it's a school yard crush and is in denial about the fact that Shellhead is kind of in love with him, despite their fuck up.
Me: Because Mace is as fake as the muscles in his suit and an icer didn’t work because of what was in my system. It’s fine. I’m okay now.
“There’s so much I have left to teach you about this wonderful world.” Tony said kissing Steve one more time before leading him into the hallway to get his bags.
The cookies are store-bought. I told my aunt you are afraid to eat her cooking because you had a tiny allergic reaction the first time you visit. So the good news is you’re never going to have to eat anything at our house again. Do you think you can hook me up with some cooking lessons? Otherwise you should just bring take out if you want to come over Saturday.
Tony: Yes, she’ll technically be in the security office. However, she will be assigned as Pepper’s personal bodyguard. When I go to the wedding in Mumbai in four weeks, she will be my personal bodyguard. And my new assistant, if I have one by then, will stay in New York and handle everything remotely.
His wife is sometimes referred to as Mrs. Purple Arrow or counselor Laura. Sober companion to Stark as well as case manager to under age individuals with powers. Newly minted Shield agent.
Me: I wouldn’t want to be ridiculously wealthy but having enough money to always have food on the table and not worrying about rent would have been nice back then. You have no idea how much I love central heating.
Me: I was talking about bringing the counselor with me. Last time I could leave him with Red but that’s not an option this time.
FRIDAY: No, they moved you into the apartment next door to Agent May to entice her to leave human resources to return to fieldwork. The goal was for her to be your partner, but because of your sexual relationship with her, they assigned Natasha to work with you instead. And she was assigned to assist with Agent Coulson’s reintegration. Now Agent May is in charge of training new recruits at the reform SHIELD.
Cuddle Bunny: You still could’ve told me. I’m not the public and I’m not going to pick apart everything you did wrong.
Genius Princess 2018: You're right. We have a better chance of completing things on our side, mainly because we have most of the notes. I'm going to have Dr. Fitzsimmons work on it this morning. She's our best chance of understanding the work of her drunk counterpart. Dr. Pym is still alive. However, the record of that incident is incomplete because most details came from someone named Luis. He tends to go on unrelated tangents. The notes from Agent Woo  were missing a lot.
Me: He is not drinking again, if that’s what you’re concerned about. Although I really can’t say more than that. Don’t you usually ask Friday these questions?
Tony: Hunter is definitely getting a raise. Not that I’ll ever actually be able to pay him enough for all he does. He’s a child whisper.
Anthony love: I have a 10 AM with the president where I’m going to have to explain everything that’s happened in the last 24 hours. I’m already two Tylenol in for the day.
In the original story, I said that our timeline diverged from the main MCU in mid-May 2016 when the main timeline 2018 Leo Fitz went back in time and created this new timeline. His absence was the reason why things deferred from the prime reality/main MCU timeline. Which is how we got May married to Steve and Tony and Pepper pretending to still be together in public for Morgan’s sake.
The Mechanic: Well, that's what happens when you turn my AI into a teenager who is surprisingly well-adjusted and not traumatized by walking in on Steve and me.
Me: She did. Those are the ones I need to at least read. I'll probably only respond to a few. I miss the old days when I paid people to read the boring stuff for me.
Me: Yep. Ross’s now former assistant has been so helpful. The lawyers are working on it. Also Pepper agreed to add herself to the emergency foster parent list in case all of us get arrested. The children kind of fell in love with her when she was staying at the tower during my hospitalization.
“Yes. He was dying, slowly because of the sacrifice he made to fix my mistakes.” That doesn’t surprise her. “He didn’t tell us. He never told us before I was sent back. I only knew because somebody else told me.” She felt like Leo was holding something back. She was too afraid to ask.
Tony: You too because well I know you don’t want to touch SI with a 10 foot pole and you’re better off being in charge of the foundations.
The new consultant: That explains why you’re texting me on the Avenger channel. Why is my cousin on another planet?
“Sending a message to Laura. Ana is letting me see a conversation between her and her husband in real-time I'm trying to intervene."
Iron Dad: I know you’re scared about what happened in the other timeline, but that’s not us. We’ve been preparing for well over a year, and we won’t lose.
“That’s good to know. And maybe it would be good for the Reyes brothers to be in separate countries for a little while. By the way, I didn’t read them. So I had no idea that happened until you told me,” Phil explained.
Me: Well as long as we both realize we’re taking the easy way out, I guess it’s okay, despite what certain new teammates may think. That’s another thing Yo-Yo said about me. Apparently I do take the easy way out too much. It’s a side effect of wealth privilege, apparently.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all wonderful. So, Spider-Man: Homecoming has just premiered in North America and I watched yesterday. I really did enjoy it. I will be incorporating some elements from the movie in upcoming chapters, but not for at least two weeks. (This chapter was already written prior to me watching the movie). Okay, some things from the movie have already happened in this universe, essentially the bank robbery that was in all the trailers.
Me: To avoid hundred degree heat. I am good. It is just me and the counselor now. I’m sure that you’re aware that Red
Me: I brought them into a world of spies and craziness the moment they were created. I tried to keep them out of this, but they’re in the crosshairs again and I can’t even be there to keep them safe. I need to be there and, unlike some people, I can’t shrink myself and hide in my daughter’s dollhouse.
Counselor Laura: Hey, this is Laura. If Tony comes to invite you and Steve to go with him to visit the kids, can you please let Steve go alone? I know you probably want to see your daughters, but they need to work out their bullshit for the love of humanity.
“Yes, which actually goes to the next question, which is, is there anything too serious to joke about? Even though it should be obvious at this point that I use humor as a defense mechanism. However, joking about my desire to work things through with you is not something I would do. I want to fix us, and I have for the last seven years.
The constant crying also makes her extremely suspicious. That alone is why she text messaged Tony. Ok, the fact that he said he is from the year 2023 and asked why she is not at the farmhouse made her message Tony and send out an Avenger alert. Her real husband knows full well that she hasn’t been back to her former home since Ross arrested (kidnapped) her from it almost 2 years prior. Something was obviously wrong.
Tony: Because your wife arrested her with the help of Silk and the other Spider-Man two months ago. I think the name Doc Ock is more memorable.
Anthony love: Your adventures with the Confederacy are also going to be on the list. I’m not exactly sure how to start that conversation with the president.
Anthony: Although you’re planning to make my life outside an absolute madhouse. The media is going to pounce on the fact I’m gay and they will see it as gay because apparently there’s no such thing as bisexual or pansexual. Pepper’s boyfriend still thinks that she was just my beard.
Red phone: I'm a genius. Don't you think I figured out a way to use my regular phone to send these messages by now without being tracked?
Me: In accordance with our promise to not lie to one another, I need to tell you that Poor man's Coulson was a dick and Sharon was the one who had to read most of the messages. The real irony is he didn’t even know it was you. He just thought making her go through stuff like that would be a horrible assignment under regular circumstances.
Me: If I was really brilliant, we wouldn’t be in separate countries right now because I would’ve realized what was going on earlier. Also, I wouldn’t be sharing a table with baby Robert. He’s being so sweet right now it’s making me nauseous.
Also the note below was not beta because I didn't realize we were going to get to put this up so soon. All of my betas are absolutely wonderful. So all typos on me.
HSBF: Of course, he didn’t realize Spidey Dad had some issues in this regard. He is not exactly a fan of “vigilantes with superpowers”. He’s gone on multiple rants about the hooded hero of Harlem.
Anthony: If I have a pulse, I'm up to making dirty jokes about you. Or expressing my desire to do dirty things to you. Although if you want to send me an NC-17 get well card feel free.
But despite all that baggage on both of our sides, and I know Tony had his own ghost to contend with, I kept writing. Even when it hurt, even when it’s painful, I kept writing because we can’t be like this. The world can’t afford our man and Captain America at each other’s throats. The bad guys won last time because of it. We destroyed each other or nearly did. If we do that, then who will be around the next time aliens invade New York or apparently, Utah.
Me: Probably when I helped put Lily bear to sleep 20 minutes ago. She still wants me there for her bedtime routine. Although, that might be because her daddy disappeared again because he was being a jackass.
Me: I am to and I probably should stop texting you because I sort of just ran into the elevator door. It’s the nervous energy. I miss you so much. Only like another minute until I get to kiss you.
Anthony love: You off-planet would concern me if the flaming head didn’t possess the ability to make portals. I’m still trying to come up with a scientific explanation for him. No, I don’t believe the “devil” gave him superpowers.
“You didn’t tell him it was really me beforehand, did you?” Steve asked. He was glaring. That’s not good.
“You want to fight, fine.” Natasha said grabbing Happy’s arms, “But you are not having this fight right now in an unsecure hallway that hasn’t even been swept for bugs yet,” Natasha said as she actually dragged him away.
Chief Mechanic: I would’ve handed the Hunter diaries to you personally in the morning if I thought that reports from Hunter would be on there. He really should know about the server. I didn’t want Leo to stumble upon it accidentally like you did. Ana already told me about the kids freaking out about finding out all of them were victims of the Decimation.
“The first few years after arriving in the present, yes. Not as much now, although I am careful when I talk to you.” That confession doesn’t surprise Tony.
I have been in this strange place for 22 hours and 18 minutes, according to Avenger Friday. That’s about the only thing she’s allowed to tell me now. May has ordered her not to tell me anything else due to her last major revelation causing me to lose consciousness.
Jemma: I know that Deke is safe in 2018 with Fitz, not that he calls himself that anymore. Although I am surprised he’s using the alias he filed his patents under instead of going by Mr. Leo Hunter.
Wasn’t the Infinity War trailer fabulous? I know where I’m going with this story. I’m going to try to have everything drafted before Infinity War drops. I’m worried I may be too emotionally distraught to write for a little while so I want to have as much banked as possible. I don’t think the movie will change the actual ending of the story, but it might change the post credit scenes. We will see if that is still the case as we go forward.
“Only Ena, she is the only one still alive. I don’t think Daisy could take seeing Dugan’s daughter at the wedding.” Because she was also Agent Triplett’s mother.
“Or nephew. He could be Fitz’s grandkid.” Leo remarked. “Did you and Capt. Patriotism elope in the last 24 hours?” Hunter’s comment caused Tony to realize he referred to Steve as his husband. He’s not going to call attention to that slip.
FRIDAY: There is a 72.3% probability that your hypothesis is accurate. However, statistically speaking, Clint is the most likely to assist you because you are protecting his family.
D Fitzsimmons: You mean she drew a picture telling them not to. She's not exactly the most verbal person.
We’re trying to rebuild our relationship and maybe things will fall apart once we see each other in person. Maybe the scars are too deep to be fixed by copious amounts of text messages. I have to try though.
“Then I can be honest and tell you that the future Dr. Stark-Rogers can’t get confirmed because he’s fucking a guy, although up until yesterday that man was a wanted fugitive. I hope the Mumbai agreement was still signed yesterday in light of my disappearance.” Steve responded with a sigh. Thankfully he didn’t ask about the Mumbai agreement.
Anthony love: So where exactly are you oh fiancé of mine? I haven’t heard from you since we found out Coulson was being kidnapped by my soon to be very former Deputy Director.
“You are freaking out again. The last time you freaked out during this research exercise, you discovered that your aunt was dusted in the other timeline. I had to check.” MJ told him from his left.
The plan has always been for this story to diverge from canon after the season three finale of AoS/the Civil War tag. I want to adapt something from the Civil War comic book that I know cannot happen in the MCU due to silly little things like contracts and production time.) That being said I may be borrowing things like I’ve done with Hydra Lullaby.
Me: I don’t know for sure because we didn't really talk about you. Too many armed agents around for a private conversation. I mostly shared embarrassing stories such as that time Michelle changed Agent Carter Junior’s diaper in the middle of the library during study group one time.
Me: OK. We’re just moving on to the next question because I’m done talking about him. What’s more important; having the body of a 30-year-old in your 90s or having the mind of a 30-year-old?
As stated earlier, Friday is now banned from telling me anything else about what I am mentally referring to as the ‘Thanos wins’ timeline. I’m only aware of this order because I woke up to Natasha berating the AI for telling me too much after May told her about the information ban. I get the impression that Natasha might oversee this timeline’s Avengers. I, unfortunately, I can’t get any confirmation regarding that because Friday is banned from telling me that.
“No we’re here to talk about your relationship with Stark. Although, it’s nice to know that you’ve actually dated someone else in the century. It makes me a little less concerned,” Natasha tells him.
TMNS: What I’m trying to say is the door isn’t as closed as I thought it was last year. Maybe that’s also why I’m not sure about operation Black Dahlia.
“You don’t know if that’s what she’s going to choose? Have you talked to Kamala about what you’re planning?
“I thought Potts broke up with him months before it went public?” He heard Davis whispered to Piper in the background.
“OK, 20 feels like a rehash of 16, especially the way you answered it, so let’s move on,” Tony suggested.
Tony: Also, I wanted to give Mr. and Mrs. Purple Arrow some privacy. They’re still working some things out. I would have brought the kids with me, but they have school.
Me: You are still convinced that the future is finite, even though Stark and Mister America are making googly eyes at each other this time around?
Also, I’m sorry that I did not finish the story before and game came out. Life gets in the way sometimes. I’m still processing. However, just remind yourself that Leo Fitz arriving created a separate new timeline where Tony and Steve managed to get their shit together.
Chief Mechanic: I wasn’t trying to keep the truth from Leo. I wanted to have a conversation in person about it. It was going to be tonight until Jeffrey decided we just had to do a bunch of talk shows in the morning. We need the world to love us since we are about to go up against a genocidal purple alien.
Purple arrow: You just confirmed it. Can you tell me what happened with Thor? Since obviously last time around, Daisy wasn’t with him.
Anthony: I know that. It is just a lot of bad memories are being brought back up. I’m having trouble dealing with the realization that very little of my childhood was what I thought it was.
“You don’t get that many second chances and maybe it does seem like sometimes the universe is against you, but you shouldn’t use that as an excuse to keep this to yourself.”
Steve: I was glad she found somebody even if she lost him to a heart attack nearly 2 decades earlier.
Counselor Laura: Trust me, I know. I was an agent’s wife for a long time, but my Clint can’t stand to be on the other side. It’s why he served me with divorce papers the time before. In my timeline, Ross kidnapped me to find out where the Secret Avengers were, and my Clint completely blamed himself.
Me: But we really didn’t do movie night, just hunting down Hydra and aliens together. Also, you have a lot of people in your life, now at least.
Me: They did, but they don’t know because he died. And then undied and didn’t tell anybody. Also, I think Laura is still married to Purple Arrow as far as I know. She was just saying they were divorced because Ross is a bastard and kidnapped her once to get to him.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. Thank you for your well wishes on my moving. I survived. I just have a bit more unpacking to do. This conversation takes place a few days after the last one.
StarkAE: Or if Ross shows up and carts Stefan away. Or the watchdogs could try to kill me again or any number of enemies that we have. This could be our only chance. I don’t want to miss it due to medical orders.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last section. You are all fabulous. We are now back in the Good timeline.
Also let’s be honest, you prefer food over flowers. You never eat enough when you get into the creative zone. The cookie bouquet will be waiting for you when you get back from where ever you are. No, Jim wouldn’t tell me anything. (Or Happy for that matter, who you really need to call.) Why did you decide to put him in charge of a spy agency that technically doesn’t exist anymore?
Nomad: I didn’t notice a lot of things like the fact most people are now terrified of the fact I can bench press a Buick. Anthony being serious with the flirting was the least of it.
Me: It really wasn’t that much of a compromise because I really am not looking forward to watching every media outlet psychoanalyze why things fell apart. I’ve already done enough of that in my own head.
Agent L. Barton: She’s not. Even though a lot of weird stuff has happened in the last decade, she can’t go to a traditional treatment center. Regardless of the fact that Tony is willing to throw enough money at the institution to get her a spot instantly. Time travel monoliths are still a bridge too far.
Tosha: I think it’s still better than the one where the Earth cracked apart, and the Kree enslave what was left of humanity.
"I agree with you there. At least that way I could track him. I know I can’t put him in bubble wrap, but I’m thinking of making him another suit. Something closer to my suit. Anything to cut down on the cuts and bruises.”
Melinda: Lots of people get married because they need emotional support and have survived drama together. We’re together to hold each other to reality. You would be an even bigger prick without me.
Anthony: Hey I just wanted to let you know that I decided to go to Johannesburg early. I managed to move things around and it just made sense to start things on the 23
Friday 2023: According to my database, Ana Jarvis's cause of death is still listed as a Home accident involving a lightbulb. Although Ana 2018 has sent me a file describing her death as Hydra collateral damage.
Friday: Mr. Stark has programmed me to run facial recognition on any individual who attacks him in the nude. This is why he usually wears sunglasses.
Did I mention that your girlfriend’s ex-husband used psych profiles to kill his fellow inhuman because he was worried everybody was a threat.
D Fitzsimmons: According to the wizard, I didn't go 5 1/2 years into my past. The past that I landed in is another timeline created by Bobo getting thrown back in time and making a dam. Which again shouldn't surprise me because I thought I was going to get blown up by the monolith landing here.
Anthony: Okay maybe we should go to less filthy ground, which means I can’t ask you about your time as a pornographic cartoonist so just tell me one thing you did today.
“He made a deal with President Ellis to get you or rather other Steve a pardon and the accords renegotiated in exchange for taking over the agency. They just came to an agreement, and the signing was happening when I was brought over to this weird place. At least this is better than that time I got kidnapped by Ross.”
Francis: I didn’t have anything to say before. I’ve had Hunter’s cookies before. They’re not that great.
with monkey lover and the trying-not-to-be-evil doctor. You know, to celebrate his pardon. I got a box.
Anthony love: But if I found out you were taken to another timeline by my alternate timeline double, I would probably break a wall too. Mainly because the Fitzsimmons kid is awful at delivery.
I am sorry we did all night science. We just had to finish the project, but we're done now. Actually, I’m emailing you now because we're all going to go to sleep. Even me because apparently, I do need rest now. I think Wanda is slowly making me a real girl. I have mixed feelings about this. She better not make me have a period. This is her revenge for Obadiah's treachery leading to her parents' death. Never suggest classic Dick Van Dyke for Avenger movie night.
“You’ve been around Piper for about a week at this point. You should know that there was no way to stop her from walking into our bedroom this morning. Although, she should’ve known that I would’ve been balls… “
Tony: So final question, you have the magic inhuman gene and had a bad reaction to the fish tacos, what power do you hope you’ll get?
The following, is artwork created by Steve for Tony’s eyes only (he really hopes SHIELD does not intercept). In real life our artist is Misaky0 who was willing to do the artwork in character. Give her an extra round of kudos and nice reviews.
"I didn't bring you here to help me scout locations. You're just standing there with me as I try to talk Steve into it, as we wait for Leo to show up to explain why he called an all-hands meeting here and not at the compound."
Me: Although if Clint is by you tell him that his wife wouldn’t let me tell him and I’m a little afraid of her. That doesn’t warrant taking your phone. Also tell him that Lila loves him and misses him and he owes her toys.
The Mechanic: Although, this way you don’t have to be under General T, so it is a win-win for you and maybe the President will just name you the head of the ATCU instead.
Me: I wish that was the case. However, about 15 minutes after I stopped texting you, Agent Scary showed up at my Arlington house at like 2 AM and didn’t leave until 7 AM. Needless to say my original morning meeting has been rescheduled which is good because I need at least three more hours of sleep before I can deal with Agent Scary again.
After the movie drops if you want to ask me questions about how the movie will influence this story, you can either PM me on fanfiction dot net or send me a DM through Twitter. Please don’t put anything in the comments section until August.
“Fine, I will watch the wedding. Like a good boy.” And Tony did stay quiet until they moved on to what appeared to be the next part of the ceremony. That’s when he got another text message. He only looked because of May being sick. Really, that was the only reason he had the phone on at all, otherwise he would have asked Friday to hold all of his calls. He’s definitely doing that Tuesday when he and Tony have breakfast with Sam and Natasha. Steve will not let Tony spend another social gathering on his phone the entire time.
Maybe the consequences are not as high for you and Tony, but you still have a company that you have to run together. It’s not just about the money or people’s jobs. Tony wants to be friends with you again. He misses you terribly. He has been lamenting for months about losing your friendship.
Anthony: However, Pepper saving my life, made them go up. Apparently, if she's willing to save my life, that means that things didn’t fall apart because I did something ridiculously stupid like screw someone else while we were still together. That means she is not likely to jump ship anytime soon and that puts everybody’s minds at ease because nobody wants me as CEO of my company ever again, despite some of our recent diversification.
Chief mechanic: OK, I did not have a sex life at MIT that involved other people. That was a prototype, BTW. I was going to sleep on the flight back to the lighthouse as I snuggled against Stevie bear. However, I was an idiot and checked through my urgent emails first.
Me: I’m sure part of her is relieved that he won’t be subjected to some of the harsher penalties of the accords a.k.a. spending the rest of his life in a gel matrix on the raft. They are even talking about tracking bracelets for the rest of us. I’m going to have so much fun messing with that.
Blue phone: Most people didn't know. Back then, it could get you arrested or killed. Still can in some countries in the world which I hate. I never really told anybody, Bucky didn't even know. Although, apparently Peggy did.
Okay, now let me back up in name my five favorite things about you, my little kumquat. Although first, let me say how much I enjoyed your gushing. It’s kind of cute. It’s always good to know that my boyfriend can say positive things about me. Now let me say positive things about you.
Tony: Probably, especially if president in four years is what you strive for. I don’t know if the world is ready for a first husband in the White House, especially if the president is a guy. But senator i s totally a possibility.
Steve: Tony, if we remove the mind stone from Laura’s timeline, does that mean that Thanos 2018 cannot complete the gauntlet? Therefore, he won't wipe out half of the universe there.
Counselor Laura: I don’t think anybody would want that. I mean, it wouldn't just be Morgan. It would be any baby born in the last five years. That would be repeating what Thanos did. That wouldn’t be right.
“Obviously.  We would have to wait until I can at least legally step foot in the US again,” Steve joked.
The Mechanic: But hey, that means you will definitely get the job, which means better Accords for everybody.
TMNS: Maybe I was afraid of how you were going to react. I either get fear or hero-worship. Tony compares coming out as a person with superpowers to coming out gay or bi. Tony said he announced to the world he was Ironman because he wanted to come out the second time on his own terms.
“Because he looks more like the old you now then you do right now. They’re going to start shooting the Captain America story soon. Don’t worry, you’re getting a percentage of the gross profits.” Tony explains.
Venom: So, if you were not worried about me telling the entire world the Spidey truth, why did you never tell me? I think we're friends now.
Me: Although, do we really want to lose our guide? She’s been drawing this crazy big purple alien/raisin with a shiny glove, and I think his green daughter. That he hurls off a cliff, I think. Baby bird never really explains things well. I’m trying to decide if that’s an improvement on the world cracking apart.
: Code name assigned by Stark to José "Joey" Gutierrez. Inhuman with the power to manipulate metals. Need to see if this means all metals. Standby member of the UN Avengers. Currently functioning as Spider-Man’s babysitter.
“Can I speak to Tony while you’re setting that up?” Steve really wanted to know what was going on with Bucky.
“So do you think you can stop talking to your boyfriend for 30 seconds to hug me?” Steve heard James say as he ran out of the house to greet him.
Nomad: Except it’s more than empty threats behind a keyboard. A group of them blew up a federal building in the name of getting rid of people like me, using Howard’s secret and dangerous tech to do it.
“Especially, because I’m going to go make you French toast while you shower. I will even stuff it with blueberries and goat cheese.”
“They are currently trying to create a trans-dimensional communication device.” With those words, Hunter knew there wouldn't be any more sex that night.
Anthony: Oh look, there's two dozen roses, a gigantic box of chocolates, and cookies waiting from Stefan. He sent the good stuff. Best boyfriend ever.
“Laughter is necessary. This is one of those too absurd not to laugh situations. Also, I am totally open for a threesome.” Tony remarked.
Nomad: Now what I don’t understand is why you created a cover for me that involves me being the stepdad of someone I’ve actually kissed. Why did you do that?
“Things are already not looking very good for her. The Russia thing would just be the cherry on top. I love that she’s going down so spectacularly, even if I’m not in the country to see it. This gets me off almost as much as you,” Tony said pulling Steve over to him for one of those earth shattering, can’t really think, type kisses that Steve was way too good at. It probably has something to do with the fact that Steve doesn’t need to breathe as much as everyone else.
Anthony: Of course, my cuddle bunny. They have referred to me as narcissistic so many times during this that I think I could make a drinking game out of it. According to Friday, they’ve used the term six times in the last five minutes.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last section. Really, all of you keep me in the happy zone. This is the final conversation from the last batch of fully proof read conversations. Don’t worry. I currently have seven conversations with my beta and two more that I need to be proofread before sending to someone who is not dyslexic to go over. However, we are on hold until I start getting chapters back.
Also, there are media reports that you proposed while in Mumbai and I would love to know how much of a rumor that was. Just so I can figure out if the paparazzi are going to start following me again. And yes, the person who fucked my boyfriend behind my back, also, sold the story to the press or rather her publicist did.
Friday told me you are safe, but refuses to tell me where you actually are. That’s understandable since someone tried to kill you yesterday. Why do you still have the apocalypse filter up? Is it because of the attempted assassination? I’m going to leave another voicemail.
“What's the point? This isn't going to work, and I'm going to be stuck in another timeline. I'm not going to end up at SI this time because I am not gonna work with him. Although I'm sure Pepper is still as lovely as always.” He really would like to meet this timeline’s Pepper
“Daisy, don’t antagonize him. We’re here for a reason.” Leo tells her. They need to secure (or possibly destroy) the stone before Thanos finds it.
FUBAR stands for Fucked Up Beyond All Repair. Since this military acronym originated during World War II, Steve probably knows what it means.
Me: I’m so glad you got real food, for once. I was going to cater a very Stark Thanksgiving but Rio and Muneeba a.k.a. mommy Ms. Marvel said no. It was the least they could do. So turkey with Puerto Rican rice without the normal pork products included. But there are also fried plantains.
Anyway, I miss you and I can’t wait to see you again. I’ll try to, soon as I’m able to, if you want me to come. It’s your choice, though. I’ll try to give you whatever you need to rebuild or recover.
Melinda: There are also some anger issues. Leo barely kept him from burning the last member of the gang that put his little brother in a wheelchair alive. And there’s video footage of that. New SHIELD is being watched too closely right now to function in the gray.
Counselor Laura from 2023: It is good to know that Tony came and got you. I’m glad your dad is with you. I’m sure your Uncle Tony, Fitz, James, and the princess will get me home soon.
Me: And we were all really happy about that until the UN decided to name Jeffrey Deputy Director. Mr. Patriotism makes me nauseous. He’s still trying to put forward mandatory lie detector tests and his color code of security.
However, before he could pull up the video, the suite went dark. Now, Tony has traveled through enough of the world, that the occasional blackout doesn’t surprise him. Although the fact that the hotel’s emergency power does not kick on does. His phone also starts beeping because apparently, it’s being continuously bombarded with an EMP every few seconds.
“Glad I could help. And, of course, you are going to cry at a moment like that. Anyone would start crying at the end of their marriage. Even if it was a friendship marriage. Maybe even more because it’s a friendship marriage.”
The Mechanic: And now I’m okay with Talbot being the new National Security Advisor. Definitely an improvement over a Vice President that tries to kill you, and of course Ross. Not that it would be hard. Although please tell me that the Homeland Security lady doesn’t end up anywhere in the cabinet. I really should’ve paid more attention to reports about the new cabinet.
Anthony love: You have a point. Also, DNA tests don’t lie. Deke is the grandchild of Fitzsimmons, even though he’s about half a decade older than the couple. So, unless that timeline has perfected the ability to age someone up 30 years in 5, I am inclined to at least believe the time travel aspect. As well as us getting our asses handed to us and half the world getting dusted.
But he didn’t need the man. He did save May with the help of Fitz and Simmons. Yes it feels weird saying that even in his head, but really nothing about the last few months has not been weird. At least May was safe. One more good change. But was that enough to save the world? He had no idea.
Girl Friday: Hey, I just got out of the meeting. Dad let us leave early because he caught Peter texting Flash when he was supposed to be paying attention to the essential briefing. He mumbled something about the end of the world being no match for teenage hormones.
Me: Which is sad because I really would like to call my boyfriend Captain Sexy Pants. You have the sexiest pants anywhere. You also look good in a shirt that is at least a size too small. I really want to set my tailor loose on you.
So to make up for the ridiculously long stretches of the story from everybody else’s perspective, we have more in person Tony/Steve interaction. This conversation takes place a few hours after the last one. It’s midmorning in Johannesburg.
Timeline wise the events of the Defenders occurred before Civil War, so about six months before the current point in the story. That is part of the reason why I haven’t been incorporating too many things from the other TV shows. Shield lines up closest to the movies, but even they play in their own world. It’s a fun world though. I’m not going to do gratuitous crossovers for the sake of gratuitous crossovers. If people are here, they are important to the story.
"Because he was so disappointed that I couldn’t make things work with Pepper. I wasn’t even joking when I told you that he got a ring. He’s been carrying it around for forever in case I wanted to propose."
The Mechanic: I don’t know. I don’t think it’s fear, but rather love. I think maybe he wanted to protect you. You’ve seen the news coverage of the watch dogs. They are a terrorist group purposely targeting people like your nephew and their family. It’s a small miracle they didn’t kill that family in Jersey City.
Agent Johnson: He tried to hug me, and I quaked him. Hunter is staying behind to deal with his husband and the mysterious Deke person. I am following the brothers to find their father in Norway.
In my version, when the monoliths explode (episode 5.11), Leo is sent through time and space with two more years to fix things and prevent the end of the world and the finger snap of doom. That’s good. What is bad is Simmons already has Fitz. Yes, I am horrible but we still have more hope than canon. Sometimes, hope is the only thing we have. Anyway, I felt that this background that will help for the next few chapters, especially this one.
Me: And he underestimated how big of a dick Ross was in the process because he is an arrogant asshole.
Anthony: New Shield put together a team of enhanced people or at least tried to put a team together, but their leader ran away after getting mind fucked by the big bad and watching her boyfriend die for all of humanity.
“Well, it looks like we are getting a new answer to the crying question," Tony remarked. “Which is not surprising because I think these questions are designed to make everyone cry. I hope the other Tony sent Jane a really nice apology cookie basket.”
Me: I guess that’s one advantage of Operation: Get the Avengers Back Together Before the World is Cracked Apart and Aliens Invade. Although, I am surprised that all the bickering was actually sexual tension.
HSBF: That is not as bad as some of the other questions. I really wish I could go back to college and actually finish.
"You’re so sweet.” Tony gave him another gentle kiss. “Now, I didn’t date before Pepper. I’m sure this can all be traced back to my deep-seated Howard issues. It also didn’t help that my first boyfriend made a sex tape that is making its rounds through Twitter and Tumbler again right now. Which is totally reminding me why you are my second real boyfriend."
Anthony: That I would call out your ex on twitter? Of course I would because he is a hypocrite. He doesn’t want to live side-by-side with enhanced people, but he has no problem fucking one or most likely being fucked by one.
“I read that in your report, and I still find it highly implausible despite my husband having a teammate that makes my Ferrari flame,” Tony replied.
Venom: Also, you let me down gently for the same person twice. A person you have yet to make a move on.
Tony: No. I’ve only talk to her a couple of times recently, mostly to make sure you’re not, you know, killing yourself. It’s probably going to be even less now that Vision is planning to move out. Honestly, I prefer not to know.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all wonderful. I’m sorry for the wait between chapters. It’s been so long we now know that AOS is getting another season, even if it won’t premiere until after Avengers 4. Real life was evil and due to the circumstances, I had to switch betas at least temporarily. Ursula was kind enough to do this chapter and the next one so I could start updating again.
Tosha: Not these cookies. He brought the Heath bar version too. You can’t avoid Laura forever, you're the one who brought her here.
Nomad: That's going to make your stocks go down, isn’t it? I haven’t seen the news since Ms. Potts tried to punch out the reporter. Actually, I’m not allowed to. Therapist orders. I’m actually surprised she’s letting me talk to you.
Blue phone: I won't say sorry again because you don't want me to. Although, now I know why Peggy was best friends with him.
Friday: I don’t think Mr. Stark is ready to acknowledge that yet. However, I will keep pushing him in that direction. I have several male engagement and wedding ring designs already on file.
Nomad: You contributed 30% of the money for Culver University to rebuild their library and provided the Robert Banner endowment for survivors of domestic violence. That’s not public knowledge. Actually, you made that donation under the pseudonym of Antonio Rogers.
“Changes are not always bad. You're not going to be alone. You'll be at the cabin with me.” Tony said, placing a reassuring hand on Steve's shoulder.
Spoiler warning: The next few chapters are going to draw from things from Agents of Shield up to episode 99. I’m vague and I’m going to provide you all you need to know eventually, but these chapters are probably going to be extra fun for AOS viewers.
This also seems odd because there are many similar beats between this story and season seven of AOS. Daisy even has a long lost family member and a crossover love interest that came about only because of timeline shenanigans. There were even more similarities if you could see my planned outline. I love it. However, I’m going to keep traveling in my own timeline. We are in our own part of the multiverse now. This also applies to what we see now in WandaVision.
“Only temporarily or so I was told. Fortunately, I was already working on re-creating the treatment I created last time. Thankfully, the three of us were able to finish it in time,” Leo explained as he looked over her chart.
Girl Friday: Agent America dragging you out of bed to parts unknown is never a good sign. I would ask if they went on a mission, but right now, everything’s a mission. I hate active apocalypse mode.
Me: At the very least they were obsessed with keeping me from getting married, to Cuddle Bunny anyway. Thankfully, the Supreme Court took care of that.
Me: About as safe as me emailing you from anywhere else. Also, I’m not exactly at the ATCU facilities. Actually, I can’t tell you where I am, but since you can’t tell me where you are, It’s only fair. I’ll talk to you later, lover bunny.
