When tests came back, it matched up to a Paul Jago. He inherited a farm from his family, even though he lived his life trying to get away from farm life.
John had moved back in and helped with cases alongside his job,which had now promoted to a higher level. They still got along in thier habits, and still had different ways of doing things, whether that be using the oven to cook with,or using it for a thermal, reactive expirement that had to keep temperature changes well timed and documented to keep the testing steady.
He was now beyond that as well. He even got back to using sex and favors for himself now, and not just a numb means towards anything else.
Irene must have set plans to drug him in a way that can still be effective long after it works through someone's system. The way she was acting, and the way it fit what he knew of her, still connected as too well fitting.
"How is that so THIS time Sherlock? What is all the hell going on outside now?" John said as more thunder rumbled through.
John and Sherlock walked in, and soon saw where the elevator was before walking over and inside it.
"Not in the least,the samples came from a woman and a boy. Not related, nothing to do with each other. Thier bodies were not found either,so what do you make of this?" Lestrade walked closer and asked.
Yes! Distanced fighting! He knew where he kept the spare practice swords, even though many in the military only wore real dulles ones for decorative occasions.
By morning,the bed had been remade and the bedroom was closed off with the bedroom window open. Sherlock was in his bathrobe with wet curls tuning his violin while John was dressed for work, making coffee and the last plate of scrambled eggs before getting his white Doctor coat and a winter coat over that and heading out.
He bent down and picked it up. There was something heavier underneath.
"It's morning, and I am almost always up before you are" Sherlock said,a little to monotonous.
The freak even knew how to chemically reverse it back to red, and how to get bits of DNA from a fringe of jacket that missed the spray cleaning.
John looked back at the door he had locked and the shop,which had a few young customers which apparently had gotten there through the elevator and had walked along the path of taped arrows.
Getting the necklace (with a boring ring hanging from it) was easy to get from Dada. He didn't move, even when she unhooked the chain and slid it off of him with the ring. She had learned long ago not to touch him while he was asleep unless he was quite and she wanted a cuddle.
"I'm up now" John said, standing up and stretching." The pressure from snowing outside doesn't help, but to get through this last nightmare,and to work my shoulder back in place.... I'm going to the downstairs pool. You can join me if you want, no need to swim or anything. You can go over the case in your mind palace and never leave...I think they have a hot tub here too"
Now having to leave home again, and both parents going away with another one of those case things,she held the ring necklaces in her pockets and smiled, thinking of a way to keep them here!
"There isn't much time to get what's likely on small drives, that I do not see reason for having been 'accidentally' destroyed as the suspects put it. There was a footprint trail from the office fire at the workplace," Sherlock said.
"The co-ordinates to the cliff side hideout were in the texts we recovered in messages between perpetrators. I've known where Mycroft's hiding places were for so long I'm surprised he has not changed more."
Moriarty looked up to see John's eyes changing,like a storm starting to clear before the hands felt something sharp and lined up parallel to Moriarty's shin.
"Noooo.. " John said softly, burying his head into Sherlock's chest.
And Sherlock could keep up with things like having the ideas with a mind that rarely slowed down, and those fingers that knew what to do even when his mind was lost in thought.
"I'm coming along, I'm his doctor and it's pretty clear to me what happened. Can you run the lights without the noise?" John told the ambulance crew as he stepped in.
"Just a few socks and underwear with the soap you like,I threw it in with my clothes" John said," I don't touch your dry clean fancy wear" he rolled his eyes and said with a smile.
"Much of that is muscle control, and unless you choose this to be over, I'm not done yet" Sherlock said with a seductive grin, looking John in the eyes while moving his head lower.
"Can I read off some of these texts?" Sherlock asked with raised eyebrows at a red Matthew.
"It could've been any of the staff at this hotel. You're not looking at me or a mirror and it's almost time for you to leave" Mycroft said smugly.
First,one night Sherlock was looking through evidence left behind a case. He was getting frustrated, and was going on about how no detail was small,no matter what others thought.
Sherlock pointed towards the tea and John took everything,coffee,tea, and mug into the kitchen as Sherlock curled on his chair.
"I found what I could of yours that should be better to wear for this. It's on your bed, including some steel toed boots that I hope are more than simply water resistant. Don't bring the belstaff if you want to keep it," John said, pointing down at Sherlock's saint laurent's, "those shoes will not work for this either, so change into what I put on your bed and we can see what we do next."
At least here's links with the chapters they go to
He used his copy of the key to step inside and closed the door. He looked up to the largest,main (and original) staircase that went up to another door.
He studies further down,below the lines of cars to see one of the grounder cars driving up to his door.
Sherlock had made a point to stay in his mind palace,or chase any unnecessary or unneeded feelings or visions with more sleep. By the time it got closer to noon, it was warmer and John blew the candles out before returning to a preferred source of steady heat.
John measured and stirred both teas carefully. Trying to take calming breathes he had learned to rely on more and more since he had moved back in to live with Sherlock again.
But others can't be made to notice
It took him far into the back lawn,with more rocks, tree branches,then the line he was following stopped.
https://www.fraseryachts.com/en/yacht-for-sale/luminosity/
Who was he to argue with someone who couldn't listen? This wouldn't mean much to him, and if John didn't move the towel knot out of the way,there would be no signs that would lead to a clash of interests.
The coffeemaker dinged as it finished,and John made cups for both. With one in each hand,he walked over and set his on the table near his chair.
Sherlock looked around as if looking for reference points before climbing up, then downward inside of this 'well'.
John suspected Sherlock was back around 221B, but he was hesitant and went up the stairs slowly.
The warm shower almost had him nodding off as he soaped up, but hearing another crack started up that familiar prick of adrenaline.
At least both of them were not always getting onto Rosie for being a lot to handle! Poplock,the skull, and Dada knew better than to tell her that!
John did not want Rosie too far from the apartment or the park, and not too close to any strangers.
"Not Anthea" Sherlock said, looking towards her.
"That ruins the flavor" Sherlock said in a whine.
Have to get a few things handled once it's midnight anyways so... I'll see what kind of a mess I'll spit out ahead of time!
Ok, I'm ending it here. There are plans for 2 more chapters, and I'll be re editing tommorow before I add. Let me hear any thoughts or impressions, yes butt inspiration will be in this story, just not this chapter. I'm still a bit worn out right now,but any more will lead to other storylines I have planned.
With a loud *crack* John covered his ears until he saw solid rock. Moving the torch over, it was solid, symmetrical rock that had no algae.
John looked around him, then saw what looked like a covered well. He followed Sherlock as he stepped closer to it, then looking down as Sherlock unhitched, then took a concrete cover off the well. Were those uneven steps going down inside of a well?
" I admire your precautions and discrepancy" Sherlock said, " I should still get with Lestrade and try to backtrack where an underground operation lab was set up. Maybe there's anything left to arrest this medical worker on" Sherlock said, holding John closer." You are right to suspect a trap,I should call my brother to run an errand for us"
John walked, then started pacing beside Sherlock keeping a low, calm voice, "That is very much outside of London, he has his hands tied too. Not much is kept track of about Lundy, but there are enough tourists and visitors we can't really start an investigation without interfering. I have most of this part of the week off, but there's not even a hotel to stay in Lundy! We cannot chase anything this remotely."
Sherlock wasn't sure if he should be scared,or wanted to see where this went,but soon John had his hands at the bottom of Sherlock's undershirt.
"The isolation has made some too lazy it seems. Many serial numbers match, one doesn't, and a few are for games only. Seems we're coming up to a house that may not be used often, but it looks good to tourists. Let's keep going. If it goes where I'm sure it does, we can take a quick look before finding a way down to a quick walk to Mycroft's holiday house on the coastline.”
John soon had him push his sleeves up after help had finally arrived, and had checked him before closely as he could with a medical bag,an improvised lamp, and his flashlight.
He had been staying away from using strong smelling cleaners,but with it looking to be right before sunrise he knew waking Sherlock up to the smell of coffee would be welcomed now.
After leaving the MET office, having found the right suspects and signed the right paperwork,they left for Molly's to get Rosie.
He then folded the knife and put it on the table by the tray of tea before turning back and slowly unbuttoning the collar of Sherlock's stylish shirt and the two top buttons with the gleaming, smiling look.
"It is, depending on how this goes, I've already called Molly and told her you may be there two nights,we can't be sure" Sherlock hated not telling her the whole truth, but it would lead to more questions than he had answers for,and he had a sense it would upset John.
The idea of texture lead to Sherlock sensory testing to not forget about using more than his eyes on cases. You feel a lot with fingers and toes, even when covered.
Except the oddly dressed,pacing one.
Sherlock had pulled John close and resumed talking quietly before running ahead to get a ladder tucked away in a spot by the dumpster and thoroughly pushing it to full height, snap by snap, leaning to show it being several floors high.
This was soon met with impatient thrusting until Sherlock started licking behind John's balls. This started with slow,long licks until Sherlock really found small spots to quickly use his tastebuds for friction.
What's left of the firewood now was closer to kindling than much solid wood, so this should work, Sherlock thought.The leather would give a bit of a chemical smell when burned, but now was the time to test and see how much is real leather, and how much it was treated before it became a stool seat.
Rosie was asleep, and went back to sleep when buckled into her car seat.
My mind palace is diamond
"Get some sleep Sherlock, just old things that won't forget. Even when they should stay gone"
They ate everything (with this be further hard thinking made AFTER a case, Sherlock found his appetite) and finished the juice. John took the room key and wheeled the cart with the used dishes on the elevator, and to the front desk before returning to the room.
"Because he is human and an engineer, that's why he is in yellow. Your character works more medically,so you are in blue, and have Vulcan ears because who your going as is not" Greg explained, before giving them thier folded outfits.
What kind of objective science is not open to testing results and many possible reactants, even with your own blood?
He tried working the farm,to chip away at the debts and stay off the streets. He kept business above water,but his anger and frustration only grew.
"Why....thank you Sherlock" John said, getting the sandwich and carefully taking a bite over the plate, so he wouldn't get anything on his shirt. Looking up slowly at Sherlock as he chewed, he watched him walk over and take a bottle off of somewhere towards the back on top of the refrigerator.
His and John's anniversary would be here soon, and Sherlock still could not believe much of it.
They saw a well suited driver when they reached the first floor that looked at Sherlock and waved them over.
"Our possible serial rapist is this Jessica Bailey,who won a set for life earnings with the English lottery two years ago, and has been finding and drugging victims at different conventions throughout London?!"
John's anger was still there,but by now it was all tears.
"This is stressing you, but seems to be different from your usual nightmares. Yes...I know"
Sherlock was quick to reaserch the place,the founding of it, and the quickest route there and back when John told him the name of the place. He also did his own reaserch hearing the name of the date and found her information. From time to time a small smile crept up on Sherlock's face when he knew John was not looking.
John had talked Rosie through one of her nightmares upstairs, and tucked her back in.
"We have a few q tips and a small bag in the corner here" he mentioned,as he handed Sherlock the q tips and dug further for the bag.
He opened his eyes. His mind palace was his,and only his property! It could not be changed in anyone's favor but his!
John was heading to a very different date than the ones he had tried before.
This had left Sherlock restless. Pacing through the apartment at odd hours, shooting the wall until John had fussed at him to not use up all of their ammo on something inanimate.
"People think what they want,IF they think at all. I gave Lestrade a direction to look into,and told him to meet us at the station by Tyler street. He shouldn't be too long,then we can track a few places to see if a solar meat dehydrater is still set up in one of those,or if it has been moved!" Sherlock ranted before grabbing the plastic and going into his room.
Sherlock found a large size explosive in the room, and nodded to John in a way that was silently understood. Sooner or later, shoot the IED to kill all 3 of them and end the underhand destruction Moriarty had once again,set up under many legal noses.
"He knows where to go and no one should be disturbed. He just wanted to return the house key before we left for our trip. Many here know him. You must be new. Where's Anthea?" John rambled. He didn't know what to say, but wanted the guard to keep his eye from being solely focused on Sherlock.
"If you could do your job completely, I would not have to be here" Sherlock said. He sighed papers,then passed the pin to John who signed as well.
"Evening Sherlock! Just getting a shower,then you can tell me if you found anything interesting there" John said, nodding at the laptop across Sherlock's legs before turning to close the door,"or in one of your experiments before I head out later" he said before hanging his jacket up, and giving Sherlock a grin before grabbing his work bags and heading upstairs.
"It doesn't look or sound like either of you ate much,if anything while you were there." Sherlock said as John took the bowl.
"There will be a small charge for plastic," the cabbie said as he took the card.
Sniffing it,he topped off the pot he had before taking what was mixed into one of the stove burners.
Sherlock looked to the floor again, and John just had to ask.
This either turned out somewhat good,or I screwed up totally. Let me know!
*Sigh* "I know your tendencies with pants Sherlock, and I am certainly not done there either! This will be a learning curve both of us"John said calmly, looking up and over as he reworked the laces of the boots on Sherlock's feet before tying each bootlace to opposite feet of Sherlock's chair.
Travel continues in the storm. Really,with the things I have written in multiple tales, something needs to be done to help with the weather there around the British area
The small light by the bed John had flicked on as he came in the room, but Sherlock had already closed the door and had appeared to be nearly tearing all of his clothes off. Only stopping long enough to deal with an occasional buckle or zipper with stiff fingers wrapped in a bandage on each arm.
Now,back at Baker Street, Sherlock grabbed sweets. Cookies,scones, chocolates,but would not stop pacing.
John sighed and ran his fingers through the curls behind him. He had just finished getting the blog and case details out of his head.
He looked over at the bedroom door. No telling how long Sherlock would be out.
" You don't go up with him" Irene said,with a hand on Kate's arm. "We'll see if he's frozen to death,or fell off trying to get to his man in his state. Lightning will suddenly be something harder to handle for some time as his state progresses."
The shirt was a bit big, but the pants fit.
"I'll eat when this is over and I get something else entirely deducted first. You just got off work, and need to get something more solid than the bland hospital fare if you really want to help"
And this still fits the prompts 😋
"You should know I can't answer that" Sherlock said,giving a blank look that gave to confusion ."I don't join those games, and never cared what society thought of me,so why should I care what's thought of them?"
He didn't have time or a lab on hand to test what all was in the child's system,but he looked through his bag for what could bring the boy's non response back to something that would be less possibly lethal.
He sighed, before opening his eyes and looking directly at Lestrade. At least it was just him, John and Lestrade in Lestrade's office.
That bed had unruly sheets and obviously had been used.
Important when experiments had to be kept out of reach of someone who only gets bigger, and has been walking,and running when they went to the park earlier.
and worn from the dodging,darting,and running they had been doing. Furniture in the kitchen and elsewhere had been moved around, and smaller chairs were laying on thier sides,but nothing had been broken. The skull was still untouched, and looking from the mantle piece, and Sherlock in his drearyness had not even started any experiments during the long spell of no cases while snowed in.
"Will do" said the driver, and slid the dividing slate shut to give them a touch of privacy. Soon they were on thier way.
============≠======≠======≠≠==
Walking to the door and swiping the key, he opened the door,John turned the light on, and they looked inside.
The wife waved her husband to the side so she could look directly into Sherlock's eyes.
"By the time she was promoted to work under me,she was still too young and immature. I made her work harder before I could trust her. I joked that she was like having a little sister around, and though she did get around the barracks, I made it clear she and problematic soldiers like her were never allowed near mine. Now can I get a quick shower or do I have to make you move?"
Ends in chases, case closed
Let's hope I don't make this too bad... now I'm back home late from a night of gaming,so this is way later than I meant again... This will be another I'll probably edit to death
He had tried to settle. Found someone he married because they could give him everything he thought he wanted.
"It could've been,but they were told not to. It's getting past time for you to be here. The do not disturb left on the doorknob was not just a suggestion for you. Go work your job waiting for you in your office" Sherlock told Mycroft with a wave as he stretched back on the ground.
Kate walked over and patted him on the back, and held the cup to his lips until the entire cup of tea was down.
They were soon screeching to the restaurant. John paid the amused cabbie again before the driver grinned and drove off.
"I'm far from through" Sherlock grabbed the piece and let it fall beside him and was on his knees moving closer to John.
The case was pretty difficult,as documented people were found soon after reported missing dried up and found in playground sandboxes.
"I could not part from my assistant" Mycroft said,then pointed at one of his guards."You! Gerald! Your background said you were the oldest of 5. An infant is not too hard to handle for you?"
Later the next day,they watched through the curtains at a parade going down Baker Street.
Sherlock uncovered the tray to show a variety of hot scones. They both tore through several before John amusingly got up, got spoons, stacked the plates in the sink and walked back over with oatmeal for both.
" You know, historically in some parts of the world,eunics had the most affairs because they led to no pregnancies" Sherlock said calmly as he sipped his tea.
"Tempting as it may be, there's too much rain, and no one will come for us in this storm" Sherlock said,moving closer and wrapping his arms around John's middle." There's metal all in the walls,and at this point, if everyone jumped ship and fled as mermaids,it would not surprise me"
" Well then,to the couch" Sherlock said as he got up and set his cup on the table.
John didn't think it had taken him that long to get down with the bags. That would mean Sherlock had dressed rather quickly. After undressing at a speed of-
"It looks like we should be started home Watson!" Sherlock shouted up the tree,only seeing a dangling pair of leather shoes hanging from branches further up.
"I'll keep this up every Wednesday evening under one condition" Sherlock said,rising from the kitchen counter and coming closer,with his practice sword behind his back and tucked into part of his belt.
He kept walking, keeping at least one foot brushing along the feel of a held up fishing line.
John soon had the fire going, and the door to the oven closed, only keeping the bellows puffing to keep the fire and heat spreading at times.
"In that case,since we won't need to pay for a cab, let's take the stairs!"Sherlock said, using the hand grip to pull John towards the stairs in the opposite direction.
"Of course not!" Sherlock smirked, "we are just going to borrow a helicopter."
Sherlock leaned into the stroke until he stiffened and slowed his breathing as John's hand went over some now sensitive areas.
In the kitchen,he got one of the large dishtowels with what's left in the small jar of coconut oil, and walked back to where Sherlock was sitting and looking at him.
This one was far from Baker Street, and took a few bus changes to arrive at,but perhaps different could mean successful he hoped.
The picture was a close up of Sherlock wearing the suit he had on this morning,glassy eyed and nearly out of it with his hands tied over his head.
John leaned back into Sherlock's chest, and without moving his eyes he adjusted his hands and arms to allow room for John.
"I cannot make anymore descendants to chase after Sherlock, it's already too much now. After a few hundred years" he held Sherlock's head to steady his gaze."After the first few weeks, when we finally started... I've been ruined for anyone else, and nothing they can do will even make me blush. We both seem to have...." Then John wiped his eyes and gave Sherlock a hungry glare. " You're stuck with me,and we both built up a lot to work through. Now let's get away from the paperwork, and see to it what needs to be done NOW".
Ok,this came out huge again, and I'll likely edit and trim it later
Sherlock was sent to a room below deck, third floor down,lead by Kate,who assured him she had nothing to hide.
I've been wanting to play with futuristic Sherlock. Squeezed the prompt in, and hopefully I didn't make a wreck of this. Let me know if this is screwed up entirely! Like everything else on this list of writing,this may go through many re edits before it's halfway decent
Artwork for this story was done by  Rachel 1337 on Tumblr, look khagra@gmx.de if you want to see if she's taking commissions
"I was brought here without anyone overlooking this property noticing,if you didn't give up after the first night,and I am not leaving without him coming" Sherlock pointed at John. " With all of this going on down here, I don't want our daughter to wake up scared and alone"
"I've been very busy finding you two, and between the cloaking, and online invisibility that almost leaves a trail on its own, I haven't been in need to eat for a while." Sherlock said "Very clever, but I do not think it was purely your doing at all,if any. I do not mean to be rude, but where is your 'captain' at this moment?"
"Do you mind if I wear these for a while and sit by the fire? You don't have to pretend or hide or we can start here" Sherlock said, sitting,then laying on the floor stretched by the fire.
The husband had been working later in his office,but had been bringing home and,(as he claimed) paid the same checks.
It didn't take much stirring before the coals spread and caught the new material. With a bit of stirring with the rod, and blowing on what was red and heated,small flames were soon surrounding the disc of the seat, and bits of leather started curling and popping as flames licked it.
"I want to start this dance,so will you let me lead it for the same 2 hours you've given me?"
"The new Ethiopian restaurant right by the Tybern, you heard of it?" Sherlock asked,still seemingly jittery in his seat as he buckled his seatbelt. He gave John a quick glare as he flattened his palms against his thighs, still unsettled.
He wrapped the towel around his chest, then walked over to his shirt and the chair he was using to let clothes dry on. He took off his boots, hiking bottoms, and wiggled his pants down and off before adjusting the towel around his waist, and walking to the bathroom, picking up the folded, selected nightwear on the way.
"You know I won't! So for a place you've never been to, you know right where the matches are," John joked, too tired to be irritated at Sherlock for much.
"Mr. Nercalor was intent on killing his son out of revenge on his ex wife. He had already set the child up to freeze and not make it on very high altitude air. Drugging him senseless only helped in those means, and you saved him before ambulance could get stuck in London traffic, anyone would wait on results...I think you are the lifesaver John"
"That was.... beyond amazing. I could feel every bit of...I never thought you cared about....." John quietly said,all the words seemed to want to rush out at once.
The spare room that would be later marketed had only one bed.
___________________________________________________
======================================
It wasn't long before he got to the small cliff face John was standing and waiting for him on.
"What was the reason for that? What did you get in the end?" he whispered harshly.
"I did not mean like that! I've needed the same break for some time! I just don't want to see you sad if it can be prevented" Sherlock said as he took the few steps over to the stairs and crouched in front of John who was quietly crying.
John stayed silent, but then slowly walked over and climbed in. "If you change your mind,I can go to my room and..."he said.
"HmmMmm yes, I'm here. Will this storm end?" John said, sitting up and rubbing his face.
"Here" John said, handing him a cup with the sugar in it,and pulling him over for a kiss and a hair ruffle.
Sherlock had not left a trace behind. The skull watched as he had gathered John's bottoms and underwear that he had ripped and apologized to John who could not stop grinning or cared to move much.
Chapter 9 – Rock’n’roll Suicide [TLD ½]
Molly was looking at him, concerned. John broke the gaze he was holding with Sherlock’s mother and turned back to her. “Thank you, Molly. I’ll try to look out for him.”
“Not really. Just thinking.”
“You are not showing my eleven-month-old The Nightmare Before Christmas, Sherlock.”
John nodded, and Sherlock knew he really did. John nuzzled his face into Sherlock’s chest and they held each other close. Tomorrow was the start of a new life, but for now, they were together.
Blue. Blue is the colour of Sherlock’s mind palace, but this scene ties it firmly to the Conservative party. The dark blue of Sherlock’s scarf nearly matches Welsborough’s jumper, which is in fact a better match for the mind palace aesthetic generally. Thatcher unsurprisingly wears blue as well. If blue is the water that Sherlock is drowning in, how interesting that it’s being tied to the most homophobic prime minister of the last 50 years. There was absolutely no need to make this guy a cabinet minister, dress him in blue, even make Thatcher replace Napoleon – I would actually argue that Churchill is a figure who matches Napoleon’s distance and stature much better for our time. Thatcher is an odd choice, and therefore significant. To tie this to the mind palace further, we then get a shot of Sherlock reflected in the picture of Thatcher as he analyses it – a reflection of him reflecting. In case we forgot what this was actually about.
Sherlock had frozen.
Rosie. He could hear John trying to shush her, panicked, not wanting to wake him. A wry smile came to Sherlock’s face unbidden. Well, he was awake now, and he knew Rosie well enough to know that shriek. That was a shriek of joy, like the one she had given when she saw Father Christmas on the tube a few days ago. Whatever was causing it must be similarly momentous. He slid out of bed and wrapped his dressing gown around himself, the deep plum shielding his lanky limbs from the cold morning air. Walking out to the kitchen, he saw exactly what was making Rosie so excited. Out of the window, beating against the Victorian panes, was more snow than he had ever seen in London before. Being up so early helped; even on the snowiest of days, the blanket of white soon turned to slush under the London footfall. This early, however, most of the snow remained untrodden. Baker Street looked like another world.
Wow, that was about time. I hope you like it. <3
They were almost finished when the doorbell rang again. John opened the door to see Lestrade, looking like he had been running all the way from Scotland Yard.
“Sure, Sherlock. Christ! Do you really think I would go up to him and ask him how it’s
John already felt the first signs of orgasm build in his belly and his mind go blank. Sherlock’s labored breathing indicated the detective to be in a similar state and made him decide that it was ok to let go. He crossed his legs behind the detective’s thighs and rutted hard against him, chasing completion while mumbling incoherently.
Lestrade looked at him but didn’t ask if he had missed something. There was enough lying ahead of them that he would have to accept as a part of his reality, now.
A mistake. Such a horrible mistake with which he had very likely destroyed the only thing that had kept him wanting to be alive for two consecutive years.
“Good night, John.”
“What is it, Sherlock? You know. Tell me.” John fought the urge to come on the spot when Sherlock leaned over his dripping cock and took a deep breath of his scent.
He cast a look around only to find the living room looking as if nothing happened at all. Everything was back in it's place and Yorrick stared accusingly into the kitchen. Just as John started to doubt his memories, he saw two aspirin and a glass of water on the couch table, right beside a folded note with his name written on it. With trembling hands, he took the pain killers, spilling some water in the process. Cautiously, he eyed the note before lifting it to his eyes. His vision was still blurred by alcohol but the message was clear to him anyway.
“Sherlock, can I ask you something about Omega-Heat?” John eventually tried after some seconds of silence.
He stumbled into the narrow corridor leading to the toilets where he stopped dead, leaning against the dirty wall and taking a deep breath to sort his thoughts. He could feel warmth on his face and an extremely foreign feeling of…..happiness?
“It takes a lot of energy, doesn’t it?” Sherlock asked, leaning back and indicating a hand at all the foot on their coffee table.
They stood outside and waited for their eyes to adjust to the darkness. John was idly listening for the sounds of animals or steps in the dark.
“An Omega, yes.”
"Mycroft is going to stay here with Mrs. Hudson but we will keep contact through the walkies and if we need help he will send it." Help meant the pilot that had brought them here and the technician that had been doing maintenance work in the bunker when all went to hell. Both of which John knew nothing about and had never talked to aside of some uttered words of reassurance when he saw the wedding bands around their fingers on the second day. He doubted that they would be of any assistance in case of an emergency. Their personal tragedy had taken over their lives and had drained them of every ounce of energy until only hollow shells remained.
That was better. Lying on his stomach, John didn't have to worry about embarrassing himself and managed to enjoy the warmth spreading through his back and shoulders. The nimble fingers manipulating his muscles were as skilled as Sherlock had promised. Above all, his lower back had needed attention. Of course, the massage wasn't actually meant to relax but nonetheless it did.
He'd already forgotten about eating in general when the surprisingly affectionate man above him stopped his assault to look into his eyes.
Apparently, he has lost the ability for speech so he pulls Sherlock up and kisses him forcefully before he attempts to position him upright on his lap. Sherlock chuckles above him before he produces a bottle of lube from under one of the pillows. He spills a small amount of the lube into his right hand before he moves it behind his back and shivers. John watches with rapt attention when Sherlock starts to speak again. His voice his hoarse and he is slightly panting.
“Sherlock? Do you need anything?” John whispered in a hushed voice.
“How could you’ve been so sure?”
He forced his eyes to open. Light was coming from the kitchen and illuminating the floor around him. His hands pushed into the soft surface of the carpet beneath him as he took a quick inventory of his physical condition.
“Tell me, John…” Opening his eyes, Sherlock concentrated on the doctor’s expressive face. “Why did you decide to move in with me?”
“Sherlock! I am sorry. Again.”
For a few seconds he was at a total loss on how to proceed. His eyes darted around between his hand, Sherlock’s naked groin and the grey eyes watching him as his hand was pulled forward and tentatively splayed out over the detective’s slightly engorged cock. Automatically, John closed his hand around it and spread the lube in a most practical fashion. Longer than necessary, he moved his hand up and down Sherlock’s shaft and watched the lean body relax into the mattress. As soon as he took his hand away, the detective continued on his own. Pleasuring himself unhurried and without modesty.
Steadying the shaft with one hand, John licked over the tip where pre-come had already gathered. Sherlock’s hand found his head again, pushing lightly to encourage him. John hollowed his cheeks and sucked the head into his mouth, eliciting a groan from the Omega. Looking up, he saw that Sherlock was watching him with dark eyes and slightly parted lips. His own erection was throbbing heavily by now. Trying to find some friction, he pressed his groin hard into the mattress below him while he took all of Sherlock as deep in as he could manage. Careful to not choke, he established an easy rhythm, sucking when he pulled off and breathing deep before he took it in again. Sherlock was squirming beneath him and moving his hips in tiny, shy thrusts. John watched him throw his head back in frustration and lifted a brow at him.
Upon his father’s begging gesture, Sherlock stepped closer to the throne, stopping right beside their guest and looking up expectantly into his father’s eyes. A disapproving glare swept over his rumpled clothes.
“So, how is my brother then?” Sherlock asked bluntly, interrupting them harshly as he stepped into the parlour.
“Our dreams…” John tried to be attentive and keep their conversation going but his mind kept on wandering. “I thought I’ve been fantasizing because of these.” He said, letting the limp slip through his fingers. The thumb of his right hand began to draw small circles on the silky skin over Sherlock’s hip bone. “But I didn’t?”
Sherlock pushed back into every thrust. He doubted that he would ever stop wanting John deeper. He wanted everything John could give to him. Looking up at the concentrated face and glassy eyes, he dug his fingers into John’s buttocks.
“You are still here.” He stated stiffly.
“Are you a virgin, Sherlock?”
“Good.” John just remarked before licking up Sherlock’s soft length.
John crossed the room without hesitation. Sherlock felt the hair in his neck raise. Panic making him falter in his movement and his jaw clench. But the shorter man just came to a halt right in front of him, pushing his hands deep into the pockets of his half open dressing gown.
“No, she never experienced it herself but she saw her father when he was in the middle of it. It disgusted her to see him so weak and needy. So reduced to baser needs. At least that’s what she told me.” Sherlock sat up, taking another scone.
“Who?” He asked suddenly intensely focused on the DI’s face.
John opened his mouth to deliver a cool explanation for his choice of tattoo but didn’t get far enough to utter a single syllable. With a firm shove, Sherlock pressed him against the counter and kissed him hard while his hands slipped under John’s woolen jumper.
“Fine?” Sherlock asked in a bored tone of voice before he saw John smile at him, making him regret immediately.
“Formerly known as Jane?” He asked raising an eyebrow at his helpful conversation partner.
“Labradorite. Not native to London.” Sherlock said, moving the stone in his hand to show John how the light got caught in it, making the surface shine blue and yellow before letting it drop to the ground again. “I'll leave you to yourself.” Quickly, the belstaff vanished out of John's sight.
Sentiment. He could recall thousands of times where he had heard this word coming out of Sherlock’s mouth with disgust. John could hardly believe that this was the same Sherlock that was currently sleeping next to him.
“John Watson, do you think I am already demented? I know, I didn't seem to be very resilient but it is very offending that you don't think me strong enough to endure the truth.” Her expression was offended indeed.
He knew he should be worried, but it just felt too good. He felt too desperate. Too on edge to stop from lightly stroking himself. Every few strokes, he pressed the root of his cock and felt that same shiver again. Only it was growing in its intensity by the minute.
If Sherlock hadn’t been so caught up in his own desire to come, he would have basked in pride, being the one that had done this to John. But as it was, it just felt like the permission to finally let go. He took a stronger hold of John’s hips and thrust up into him. Violently and in a punishing pace he neared his own climax. John was splayed out over him, seemingly blissed out, and Sherlock definitely did not expect him to, voluntarily, clench around him. He came with a shout, burying himself deep in John’s body.
Sherlock had been at an absolute loss. When he’d entered the flat it was obvious that John had made up his mind about his attraction to Sherlock and then… Well, then the consulting detective had basically acted on autopilot.
“Actually, you may not. I am waiting for someone.” The men’s voice was even but carried a clear tone of incomprehension.
“Here, your laptop.” The Consulting Detective ignored the attempt at humour, handing John what he'd come down for.
The trembling lips formed only one word without making any sound.
“O…k…” He muttered, unerringly choosing the jam and a toast. He shoved the bacon a bit further away in order to not smell it while eating his toast. Sherlock devoured all of the biscuits with his tea. John hadn’t yet dared to take a sip of his cuppa. The tea looked a bit too milky and there was no steam rising from it. After he’d eaten his first toast his stomach kept growling at him angrily. Silently, both of them ate almost everything Sherlock had put out for breakfast. With interest John watched Sherlock’s attempt to eat the bacon. After two cautious sniffs and a hesitant lick the Consulting Detectives throat had constricted and his eyes had watered as he fought the nausea.
John grinned before he looked at the alarm clock beside his bed and started to feel annoyed. “Sherlock, it’s 7 am! Why did you wake me?” He emphasized his point with a huge yawn.
“Should I turn around, now?” He asked with false casualty.
“I am sorry. The last two times…” He stammered but Rosen interrupted him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but began to talk none the less. “What do you think is happening out there and in here?”
“Come on in, Greg. Can I get you something? Tea? Biscuits?” The DI looked at him suspiciously until he understood.
“Would you like some tea?” He offered in his most sympathetic voice.
Tesco was the only shop that wasn’t closed down due to a shortage of staff but it was vastly deserted. John entertained the idea that he might have woken up in a post-apocalyptic alternate universe while he made his way through the aisles. His stomach was growling angrily, making him wonder when he’d eaten last. While he had been watching over Sherlock’s eating habits like a hawk, he himself had probably not eaten for days. He didn’t know. Everything seemed like a haze when he looked back now.
Sherlock took a few steps in his direction before he hastily started to undress.
out between his lips. He was trying very hard not to miss the dependant sleepy version of Sherlock while he was waiting anxiously for their client to arrive. He wasn’t very keen on telling the young woman that her husband was either dead or had left her for a weird obsession with old gods. Sherlock’s restless pacing and contorted maneuvers to scratch his back only served to make him more agitated. It seemed as if the room was filling with an atmosphere of restraint though John wasn’t sure why.  The moment the door bell rang, John sighed in relief and went to welcome their guest. Her steps were heavy on the stairs while John stood awkwardly in the open door.
His pained coughing was interrupted by an insistent rattle on the front door.
“Say something, Sherlock.” John demanded, uncertain.
Sherlock was still calling him, his voice already hoarse by all the screaming. Hastily, John crossed to the bedroom, chucking his few clothes on the way.
John tilted his head to the side and cocked an eyebrow. “So…?”
This was much safer terrain for him. Being a doctor and all. But still… This was Sherlock offering himself to John in a pretty romantic way.
Damn him. Today of all days, John really seemed to have a luminous night.
“A very educated guess, considering that you are a doctor. Symptoms?”
“Speak!”
John has his back turned to him, standing under the jet of hot water. He doesn’t turn towards Sherlock and in spite of his unsteady breathing, he continues through his washing routine. Sherlock doesn't worry about it. He can handle John’s excitement. It even serves his purpose.
Sherlock heaved a big sigh and sat down on the coffee table folding his hands under his chin.
He broke the moment the car pulled up in front of 221B. Sherlock was just about to open the door and hurry out when John gripped his hand harder and made him stop mid-motion. With a smile, he bend over and pressed their lips together, just to see if they still fit.
Grinning, he continued to drag John along.
Fortunately, when the door opened they all stumbled backwards. Nobody had expected the door to open of it's own accord. But because of that none of them had to be dug out from underneath the pile of rocks that immediately came tumbling in. When John saw the rays of light through the dust he narrowed his eyes.
“Don’t worry, Dr Watson. Probably, it’s not a problem that turns up every time.” John rolled his eyes inwardly at the unintentional pun.
With nine more sessions ahead, John mentally thanked the doctors that they hadn't left him in coma any longer. Nine more sessions he could do. He hoped.
Before John remembered how to open his eyes, Sherlock lay down on his back with his legs on either side of him, assuming his former position with ease.
Laying his hand on John’s hip, Sherlock pulled him closer and pressed their mouths together. Suddenly, he felt nervous. It was John’s first time and he didn’t want to screw it up. He was a bit worried after almost having come into his pants at the sight of John fucking himself on his fingers.
So waiting it was.
“Will you spend my heat with me?” There was only one logical answer to Sherlock’s furrowed brows, tight lips and slightly trembling voice.
Lauren was a nice girl, but she wasn’t desperately in love with him. That’s perhaps the reason that it ended sooner than with Amy. He doesn’t have to replay their fight. He’d had it too often to have problems remembering her accusations. It all came down to:
Without a word, Sherlock walked off to the hospital ward.
“I imagined what I wanted her to see.” Sherlock stated detached.
This time it was well after dark when his captor entered the chamber. Sherlock had always been amazed that common decency applied to domestic abuse, too, considering that most people waited for the night to hit their victim. Who would want to disturb their community with such unkind things, right?
Tap, tap, tap against his wrist.
Forcing himself to focus, John began to tap his finger against Sherlock’s wrist.
“God, I am knackered. Well, see you tomorrow.” Looking back at Sherlock, he saw a troubled expression cross his flatmate’s face.
John was pretty sure he was right but the way the words were said was clearly meant to soothe Martha who was fighting back tears as she tried to make the maniacally laughing man drink a few sips of water.
“Why did I never even hear about this whole Alpha-Omega-thing?”
*****
*****
“I love you.” He whispered into the dark curls above him as he formed a tunnel with his fist for Sherlock to push into. Just slightly, he created a counter-rhythm with his wrist. Exactly as he knew Sherlock wanted it.
“Don’t care.”
“Don’t tell me that’s normal!” Lestrade managed to sound relieved and embarrassed at the same time.
John had grabbed the man's shoulders. He knew he was leaving bruises but he was sure that the man wouldn't mind. He felt the sudden give before he heard the loud crack of bones.
It wasn't the first time this realisation hit him but he'd never before felt it as strong.
Beneath them London fell to pieces. The helicopter wound it's way through pillars of smoke and ashes. Through the dust, John could see the dome of St.Pauls as it rapidly sank deeper into the ground. He felt as if the earth itself had come to life and was about to swallow up the entirety of human existence. Mrs. Hudson's voice was a constant murmur, accompanying the downfall of civilization like rain falling during a thunderstorm. Sherlock said nothing during the flight. Just like Mycroft, he watched silently as they overflew the river and, just like his brother, he didn't comment on the monstrous disturbance that moved against the waters drift. John felt numb to his core. Now and then he exchanged glances with Greg, both of them needing confirmation that this was actually happening. That they weren't drugged with nerve gas or trapped in a horrible boundless nightmare.
“Ok. What about the tall one at the fireplace?” Something was unusual about this one. It took Sherlock all of three seconds to pinpoint exactly what it was.
A shudder ran down John's back. Instantly he decided he'd seen enough. With another movement of his hand he signalled to go outside.
John ordered while falling back on the bed. Uncertain, Sherlock raised his thighs and watched as John pulled his legs up only to push them into the space beneath his pelvis. Sherlock held on to his shoulders, his cock brushing John’s hip bone and reminding him of his own desire.
“Give me six minutes!” He demanded before vanishing into the bathroom. John let his body fall to the side in frustration, muttering
“Why wouldn’t I be?” He said, turning towards the counter to pack food and supplies. Everybody was staring at him with faces conveying a mixture of worry and concern.
Now that John was standing in the open door of Sherlock’s bedroom there was no realization that the moment had come, he just pushed the door wide open and stepped into the next chapter of their relationship.
“Wow, you are hungry aga….” Sherlock was standing naked in the kitchen, bent low to peer into the vegetable cooler. A choked “God!” fell from John’s lips.
“You know Prince Sebastian, he’s been a guest at our annual ball for 4 years in a row and I found the occasional conversations with him pleasant and intriguing.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at the blatant lie.”However, he came here today to ask for your hand in marriage.”
It was almost overwhelming. After such a long time of suppressed emotions and forced denial, John had a hard time allowing his feelings to run wild. That didn't stop him from glancing every minute at the man he'd longed for for almost unbearable long years. Or from smiling so much. He assumed that he looked like a maniac. Still, his heart didn't calm down. Didn't get used to the physical contact and lingering feeling of Sherlock's lips on John's.
Pulling Sherlock by his arm, John drew the man in a tight embrace while beginning to rock up into the tight heat.
“Sherlock, are you serious? That doesn’t sound like you at all. Did you actually listen to yourself? That is ridiculous!” John stared at him wide-eyed.
John looked at the exposed flesh taking up most of his field of vision and, pressing his left hand against his initials on Sherlock’s skin, he used his right to prod at the fresh tattoo beneath Sherlock’s hip bone which was covered with so called ‘second skin’.
“I want to bond.” John said out of nowhere.
*****
Sherlock marveled at John’s tightness and how wet his preparations had left him. The slow movement was almost unbearable to stand. It was teasing him just enough to make his cock ache, although it was definitely not enough to make him come. He felt John changing the angle of his thrusts a few times before he understood what he was trying to accomplish and grabbed his hips just a bit tighter. John stilled and looked down at him, questioningly.
“God, Sherlock.”
sex and horror, beware
“Hello. I received your message. Why don’t you just ring and come upstairs.” He said coolly and hung up right after.
The only answer he got was a nod before Sherlock’s head fell back again and his eyes closed. John struggled into a sitting position, leaning back on one arm while letting one hand wander over the other man’s chest and stomach. With care he pulled Sherlock’s hand away from his cock and closed his own around it. This was familiar territory to him. It wasn’t the first time he’d touched another man with the intention to give him pleasure but on these few occasions there had never been any romantic intentions on his side. This time he wanted to see and feel every reaction of his counterpart so he could repeat what he’d done if the chance arose again. After the first few strokes he established a rhythm and, having gained a bit more confidence in his actions, added some moves he himself enjoyed.
But now three months were over and in a few hours the automatic lock would allow them to visit the surface after 92 days of white noise through the radio set and endless days of boredom and sleep.
That was not what John was getting at but the thumbs rotating underneath his collarbones were beginning to distract him.
Usually, John would worry about that, he knows, but frankly he is too horny to care. He wants that deep voice to scream his name until it breaks under the force of orgasm. He stares wide-eyed at Sherlock and feels his breath hitch. Sherlock pulls his hand away from behind him and starts smearing lube over John’s cock, being careful not to use too much pressure in order to make this glorious experience last.
“I don’t know who you are talking of.” John answered, raising his chin and tensing the muscles in his stomach in preparation for the hard kick of one of Moriarty’s men. He didn’t have to wait long for it to come.
Instead of answering, John just braced himself against the mattress, turning his head far enough to the side to watch the taller man move against him in careful trusts.
Sherlock nodded up at him before he pointed into the general direction of the bunker.
The doctor picked up pace. His movements turning harder and more abrupt in strength and depth. He made the tentacles tighten even more on Sherlock’s body and one wind around the Detective’s cock where it formed a tight tunnel. The doctor, too, began to pant now.
During the following days, John's mind was blissfully occupied. Not that he didn’t have an immediate idea who the author of this note was, but every time he thought about this new puzzle he felt … alive. He tried to push the last part aside for his sanity’s sake and concentrated on the things he should doubt. There were at least 7 possibilities who the author was but only one he truly believed in. That one option. It gave him hope but scared him, too. John tried to concentrate on the other six options although he didn't have much conviction in any of them. He knew that that small glimmer of hope would destroy him if it was disappointed in the end.
Forever.
“No.” John shuffled in his chair. “Even if it’s just the pheromones….I am happy. YOU make me happy. You can be an annoying prick, don’t get me wrong, but you are also my best friend. The way we live is exciting but also comforting. I don’t want it to end. Ever.”
look like office workers nowadays. And yes, the wife was killed while he was in a pub with some friends. And yes, she had an affair.
“I am not sure this is a good…”
When Sherlock opened his eyes they had come to a halt. The carriage had stopped in a thick forest, in front of a small hut that was even more chipped than their transport. Sherlock looked around himself, scanning the area but seeing nothing except for trees and heavy brushwood. Prince James’ men immediately began to laugh upon seeing his wandering glance. Their voices sounded rough and nasty. James still refused to say what he meant to do with Sherlock, now that he had tricked him into following him. He turned an evil grin at Sherlock.
But the pain and mental turmoil weren't the worst thing. Nor was the exhaustion.
“Sod it, John. This heat gets increasingly annoying!”
Sherlock furrows his brows about what exactly is happening and has to take the picture twice to make sure John can’t decipher his expression just by the wrinkles around his eyes. But he sends the picture. Naturally. He is already waiting for the next message.
There was obviously a pattern to the swelling’s appearance. It only showed when he was relaxed, in his own bed and at home. He would have to ask Sherlock the next time it happened. A genius would be a good enough amateur-urologist and even if Sherlock wouldn’t immediately have an answer, he would be eager to solve the medical puzzle.
“Shit. How long have you been walking around with that?” He asked accusingly when he saw the angry red and purple around the wound in the artificial light of the torch. He sat on the table bending low over the Detective’s leg.
“I….I wish we’d never met! There! I said it.” He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. The sky above him was blue with a single bird flying around, searching for prey. John's gaze was fixed on the engraved letters.
Japan might have been an interesting place to spend a holiday at but, as it was, Sherlock and John didn’t see anything else than Shikoku Airport and a close by water reservoir where the detective assumed he'd find a corpse.  Sherlock had insisted that they'd stay there for a few hours and, again, he did turn out to be right. What he hadn’t accounted for were the old rotten steps by the lake side that, if John hadn’t grabbed his wrist and held him in an iron grip, probably would have cost his life. Dangling between the fourth and fifth step, a thick darkness beneath him, the detective managed to be rather annoyed than actually worried. As the initial shock wore down, John thought he saw a glimpse of something… shapeless moving in the darkness but before he could think about it Sherlock demanded to be pulled out of the hole and John did what he always did. He followed his order and waited for the next one to come.
made him worry and rush into the bathroom.
“I got this book when I turned fourteen. It was a gift from my mother. She was an Omega and she wanted her son to know what would await him if he ever managed to find his other half.” Sherlock said, calmly.
“But I controlled them.” John established while winding his left arm around Sherlock’s torso and pulling him up. Slowly, he turned him around to look up into his eyes.
The Passionate Pilgrim, XXI
“Non, jamais!” Sherlock’s mind was racing to drown out the booming that seemed to be coming from the scaffolding beside him. He didn’t want to know. Didn’t need anyone's pity. Wouldn’t be able to bear pity if it came from John.
“If you understand what I am saying come out. We don't mean any harm unless you attack us.” The only answer Greg got was prolonged silence. Questioningly, he looked at John who only shrugged in response.
“Sherlock! I don’t know how much longer…” He wasn’t able to finish.
The worst thing was the intense feeling of contentment and the guilt that came with it.
John felt oddly thrown back as he cleaned the table. The same old routine in the same flat with the same people. People who were more of a family to him than any blood relative had ever been.
and now… Christ. Now Sherlock had him here. In his bed. Eager.
into the sheet.
“I want to know what we are getting ourselves into when we enter the ruins. Don't look like that! We are not doing this for fun.” John's own excitement and Sherlock's intrigued face made it hard for him not to grin so he ran to catch up with Greg, Sherlock on his heels.
“Fair enough!” The other man leant back in his chair and nodded for Sherlock to sit down. In spite of his obviously sociable personality he didn’t try to drag Sherlock into a conversation about topics that usually bored him to death. They sat in comfortable silence, both watching the other guests of the Inn going about their business what mostly consisted of drinking, talking and ordering more to drink.
The weight that had pressed against his lower back and arse was lifted hesitantly as he felt Sherlock move off of him.
Harry found him through the student register at Bart’s when he was 19 and she had been 21. Her already existing addiction only reinforced his decision to join the army. Since the day his parents died and all he managed to do was taking his sister and flee the house, having no power to protect his family, John had felt useless and helpless.
“Not a rare name. Are you looking for a specific John or do you just happen to like the name?” Sherlock tried to be annoyed by the inane answer but he couldn’t help feeling a little amused.
Immediately, Sherlock surged forward and sucked it between his lips. As his tongue touched the small slit at the tip, John’s left hand pushed into his hair. From the corner of his eyes, Sherlock saw the right one clutch at the blanket. Wanting John’s pleasure probably more than the man himself did, Sherlock relaxed his jaw and slid down around the length in his mouth. Without any suction, he just let it rest there while he explored the silky texture with his tongue.
John was trailing kisses down Sherlock’s neck to his left nipple. He sucked the nub gently into his mouth and slid a finger over his Omega’s flat belly. Goose bumps were blooming all over Sherlock’s lean torso. With his other hand, John pressed Sherlock’s wrists onto the floor over his head.
“No really. I know I’ve been more than thick. It’s a bit embarrassing, especially for a doctor.” He crossed his arms behind his head leaning back and sighing in defeat. “They say that it is everywhere. How can it be everywhere? If it was in Japan, London and the few places the other passengers on the flight went to… But it is not. This is not a disease, is it?” Sherlock shook his head in response, surprised at John’s sudden calmness.
“I thought you might want to use the other bedroom for your experiments so I….moved in. Is that ok?” The words were said cautiously and hurried.
John felt glued to the sofa. The sound of the TV was a constant presence in their parlor while he attempted to take his mind off of the fact that he had nowhere to go and nowhere to be.
As soon as Sherlock noticed that John’s hand was gone, he felt knees on either side of his thighs. He looked up into John’s eyes. There was a short moment of absolute silence before John positioned himself over Sherlock’s engorged q cock.  He held it against his entrance and, with a self - assuring nod sank slowly down until the head of Sherlock’s length slipped behind the tight ring of muscles.
He nodded miserably and wiped the tears from his eyes before he got up and threw the bacon into the bin, not bothering with separating it from the plate first. “I think the parlour is more suitable for this, though.”
It happened too fast to have been a conscious decision but suddenly Sherlock started to talk.
“Sherlock! Let me finish! There are a few other questions I want to discuss.” John had raised his voice but there was no rage in it, he just wanted to be heard over Sherlock’s screaming insecurity.
*****
“For the massage?” John added with narrowed eyes.
.  Whenever she had felt unhappy or frustrated or really, really, really happy so that she couldn’t hold back the tears, her wealth had grown. Knowing that there were places in the world where she would probably need money unlike at her father’s home, she began to store every single coin away.
“So…”  John prompted.
“But if something’s coming up through the ground, chances are the bunker’d get destroyed. They wouldn’t have a use for it if it was, right?” Greg’s voice was incredulous as he looked at Mycroft.
“I wish I could tell you.” Sherlock admitted quietly, a familiar stinging in his eyes.
Picking up a faster pace, he thrust into the confining heat with more force than he intended to but there was no complaint coming from below him. John was moving viciously, feeling the need to push deeper and deeper while he used both hands to steady Sherlock’s hips.
“Isn’t there something you’d rather do?” The smirk in Sherlock’s voice was audible but John could only discern the short staggering breaths throughout.
Sherlock felt sick at the sound of his voice remembering the days he’d spent chained to a wall having to endure Moriarty’s moods and insane perception of reality. However, he didn’t dwell on his disgust and instead focused on the fact that John was
He took him deep, trying to swirl his tongue around John’s cock and rubbing small circles on his thighs with his thumbs. The tentacles moved lazily on his back. They weren’t even half way extended when one moved past Sherlock’s shoulder blades. John watched nervously as the tip of it squirmed over his lover’s shoulder and brushed the small part of his shaft that was still outside of Sherlock’s mouth. It wound itself gently around his cock but didn’t do anything else then holding it steady. Sherlock’s head moved up and down with confidence when the Consulting Detective looked up to observe how John followed every move of his additional limbs. Slowly, the tentacle around his hard arousal unwound and rewound again.
Writing the note for John took him 15 minutes and three attempts. When he was done, he folded it neatly in half and let his fingers slide over it.
“How can I help you Dr. Watson?”
“What?”
John walked around the DI and opened the door looking at him, demanding and resolute.
Prince James’ carriage was outworn and it made Sherlock wonder if it would bring them to their destination, at all. When he first entered, there were already two men sitting on one side. They looked at him with disgust and annoyment. It was the first hint for Sherlock that something was wrong. He’d thought that James had chosen him for the game, too. That maybe he’d heard of Sherlock like Sherlock had heard of him. On the carriage ride he attempted a few times to find out what the Prince was playing at but James was only sitting beside him, smiling manically at his minions. He only talked to Sherlock in the short breaks they made every few hours on their trip, telling Sherlock jokes or overly dramatic stories that had occurred in his kingdom.
So, that it. It's been a long way. i hope you like it and had a good time.
“John.” Sherlock sighed, sounding unhurried and content right where he was. The doctor neglected his own desire finding the small ripples wrecking Sherlock’s body much more satisfying. He leant forwards, balancing himself to be able to use his other arm to pull Sherlock against himself. He felt his own fist move against his belly as he continued to stroke the Consulting Detective’s cock. John brushed his lip over Sherlock’s collar bone before he lightly nibbled at the side of his neck. Goose bumps spread over the pale skin and the movement against his stomach grew more urgent.
------------------------------
“Hm-hm.” John nodded while chewing on a thick slice of bacon.
It was called “The Alpha: One half of a whole”.
John. And John would want proof.
The six of them cautiously made their way towards a door in the back, stepping over broken bottles and glas in the bar area while trying to stay close to the light from the transom.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, taking in John’s expression and every nuance of his voice before he made to walk over to him. Cautiously, he bent over his groin and gazed down.
Standing in their parlor with almost no space left between them made John painfully aware of his own dressing state. He was pretty sure that reciprocation was in order but that would have meant to take his eyes off of Sherlock. Something he wasn’t really able to do. So, when he felt lean hands on his shoulders and saw plush lips drawing tentatively closer, every thought about clothing deserted him.
That certainly explained the bulky back but what John hadn't seen from their earlier distance were the man's claws. One was now dangling loosely from side to side in an obviously painful angle.
Forcing himself to smile, Sherlock sat down, noticing how close the chairs were positioned to each other.
It was surprisingly difficult to convince his father to not marry them on the spot. Sherlock had been so eager to accompany Prince James to his realm that the King had mistaken his enthusiasm for love but Sherlock managed to talk his way out of this idea. If Sherlock was honest, he had to admit that he didn’t know what love was. If it was something that included a feeling of excitement and curiosity, he probably was in love with Prince James. Not that it was important. Sherlock’s sole interest was focused on the game.
He finally finds the phone and holds it over the one open eye to read the message before both eyes fly open in utter disbelief.
The Omega was completely blissed out, he didn’t move a muscle when John tried to lift him from his lap only to be reminded of his new biology. The movement had renewed the pressure on his knot and he held Sherlock close to his chest as his second climax hit.
“What did you do?” He asked curiously.
“Who?” John said false incredulity.
And that’s exactly what Sherlock does. He retreats back to his bedroom, swallowing the lump in his throat, knowing he did the right thing.
“If you weren't dead already…” John threatened uselessly.
*****
“I will go out for 5 minutes now. Please make sure to have an erection when I come back.” With that, Rosen left the room.
“John?” The grave was in the far right corner of the meadow 'marked’ with what seemed to be a pebble.
Mostly, he marvelled at the way he had redeemed Mary. Making her a saint instead of a cold-blooded murderer was such an obvious display of self-loathing, it gave him the best therapy lesson of his life. And that without a paid helper.
Immediately, John’s attention was focussed solely on the vibrant lilac
John pulled Sherlock’s arms down and made the detective fall forward, landing on his chest softly with the assistance of the tentacles. Unhurried, the limbs unwound themselves from between them, gliding over their skin and adding a whole new sensation. John made them spread out to Sherlock’s sides before they began to curl all around their bodies. John felt them against his back, two on each side pressing themselves between him and the mattress. Two were still bonding them on thighs and calves but the singular one John let squirm against Sherlock’s pelvis where it also brushed his shaft on every thrust.
Four tentacles wound themselves around their hips, pressing them harder against each other while still allowing their hips to move.
“Aren’t you going to sleep? The case is solved, after all.” John was fidgeting and staring at his hands, while he repeatedly licked his lips.
“Not important. You were brave enough to say it. That’s the point. Your heart rate was elevated. The room seemed brighter all of a sudden because your pupils dilated so much with that simple touch. He meant it. At least in that moment. And if you hadn’t been so drunk you would still know how often he licked his lips that evening.”
Imitating what he’d often observed on strangers, he did what would hopefully feel good and followed his body’s demands. Even before he could make the decision to follow through with this he pressed his lips to John’s as his hands found their way to the doctor’s shoulders where they started restlessly roaming the offered body beneath them.
London awoke reluctantly from it’s forced cessation. Phillip Anderson was one of the first to make it back outside after everything had fallen quiet. The shoes felt strange on his scalloping feet but he’d managed to press into them on the fifth attempt. Like everyone else, he tried to appear as unchanged to the outside world as possible. Sally Donovan didn’t have that much choice. Her diversification was much more apparent to an outside observer. At first she had loathed them but encouraged by the media reports on certain mutations she decided early on not to hide what was a part of her now. She probably would have been able to hide the small lucent wings on her back beneath a wide jumper but the second pair of arms was definitely too much of a challenge. And frankly, she didn’t see a point. Almost everyone had changed and if they hid beneath clothing they could but cowardice had never been one of her traits.
Sherlock watched his companions before he pulled out his walkie and pressed the TALK- button.
“Where did you go?” John asked puzzled.
“I am going to ride you, John. I will feel so tight and hot around you. My muscles will clench when I come over you. It’s going to be delicious.” He bites John’s neck and shoulder to emphasize his statement. With a groan John takes hold of Sherlock’s hair and pulls him into a kiss. Their first one, the doctor realizes. Sweet and soft, they let their lips just brush against each other at first but after a few seconds John takes Sherlock's lower lip between his. He sucks lightly and suddenly the kiss turns passionate and hungry. Sherlock licks over John’s upper lip, demanding entrance which is immediately granted. The doctor’s hands wander over his back and pull him down hard. They thrust against each other, panting and moaning with every glide of hard length over hard length.
John wanted to run. He wanted to leave before Sherlock found out what he’d done and they both felt miserable. There was a bigger problem at hand, though. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed and he was still not moving anything else but his mouth. The restless mumbling had set in again and this time John didn’t understand a word for Sherlock had switched to French. He knew John was there.
“I am sorry you are bored, Sherlock, but I don’t think there’ll be anything to do for either you or me. The only ones busy at the moment are doctors and nurses.” He drawled but in contrast to his words gestured for Sherlock to follow him back inside.
Heat is coming.
“John! So close….Please!” Sherlock threw his head back into the pillow pressing their entwined fingers tightly together. John let go of his cock just to bend down and push his belly out so that Sherlock felt every thrust against his throbbing member and got enough of the so desperately needed friction. Now, John finally dared to let go. With Sherlock so close, he started to thrust in earnest pushing in as deep as possible. He felt his climax build just as Sherlock started to clench around him, moaning his name constantly.
He felt one hand on his back before he saw John shifting his gaze between his legs again. The tentacle that had been lightly touching him seemed to harden now, its surface becoming blunter but still yielding like something alive. The narrow end of it wound itself around his cock and even though it didn’t move it gave him the drag he desperately needed right now. John’s hand slowly descended downwards over his buttock and thigh.
“You will not leave. You will eat breakfast here with me and afterwards you will answer every question I have. Is that understood?” He firmly demanded.
He lost it. Dots were forming behind his eyes as his body spun out of control. Distantly, he heard rumbling moans and felt Sherlock's weight on his taught upper body as it was bowing under the force of orgasm.
“It’s a Tim Burton movie.”
He did not count the prayers he had learned by rote in his schooldays. He did not remember them now; they had never carried any power for him. Even when he was shot in Afghanistan, he had not reached out to a god. Please, let me live. He knew that his fate lay in the hands of the man who had held the gun; he had never deceived himself that there was someone watching over him. John Watson believed that life was hard, and that you made your own way.
, but it is Steven Moffat. This ties together really nicely at the end and gives us hope that Sherlock isn’t at a complete dead end – Jim Moriarty, who was always back, representing the threat to John Watson, has now taken a much more concrete form in the form of Mary. Mary is the reason John is in danger. Sherlock knew this already, but going up nearly to heaven in the form of Ella, he thought there was nothing he could do – here Sherlock’s subconscious is once again in this episode prodding him through Mary as it will through Eurus, pointing out that he can change things. Mary’s DVD is intercut with Sherlock’s visit to John’s house – is it a coincidence that there are inverted hearts on the railings? (Invert being a euphemism for queer that this fandom is long used to.) Sherlock’s subconscious is crying out to him!! The anyone but you stuff is much more relevant to TLD, so we’ll leave it for then. Mary’s video continues in audio overlaid over Sherlock – others have pointed out that she repeats lines, but the inflection is different – it’s like a dream memory, not a recording, where using just one recording would really have been a lot easier for the editing team. Again, the show is playing with inconsistency, unsettling us.
Mary drugs Sherlock, and in case we needed another reminder of what that represents and what is stopping Sherlock from progressing, we get a shot of Redbeard and we hear Eurus singing the riddle. See chapter 13 (X) which explains why this is symbolic of gay trauma and needing to fully come to terms with your queerness. When Sherlock wakes up, the transition sound from Redbeard back into grown up Sherlock is a gigantic wave followed by rain. Although Sherlock and Victor have been playing by the water, that wave is far too big to come from that image. When we move outside, there is a dripping sound, and our entire visual is coloured in the dark blue of the promo pictures and that really characterises the underwater aesthetic of s4. This scene has shown us a series of blockages to Sherlock solving his current conundrum, and the wave washing over him is the sound of him being pushed deeper into his mind, not climbing out. We’re a long way from a pirate sailing the seven seas here.
, so if you already know this bit you’re ahead of the game.
Molly couldn’t stop herself from cracking a smile. Sherlock took that as an invitation to continue. “Do you have a Christmas tree?”
, Moffat use Twitter rather than Tumblr to comment on fan reaction to
“If you’ve found somewhere, please don’t worry about me. Rosie should be somewhere stable.” His voice, always gravelly, had a forced quality, the deep vibrations masking his tremulousness. He still did not turn around, did not look at John.
) so there’s not a great need to go into Sherlock’s therapy session here. Instead, let’s note a final few things – although Sherlock is tempted to let it all go, thinking there’s nothing he can do to save John from his loss of Mary (Ella therapy scene) he can’t stop his heart from reflecting – John walking around a room with a reflection of dark blue curtains on an immensely reflective table.
The ambulance people coming into Baker Street (seemingly without the door being unlocked?) is, I think, the real world blending with the mind palace world here – although not paramedics, there are people currently trying to restart Sherlock’s heart, and this scene shows us that he’s trying hard inside his brain, he’s working with them – he really doesn’t want to die. The idea of the outside world taking on a physical form in his MP is not incredibly hard to believe – I really recommend watching s02e02 of
Between the time travel and Jenny, then, TNoTD is probably the best framework we get set up for TAB. This came out only a few months before s3, in which EMP began, so it’s safe to say that these ideas are well-formed in Mofftiss’s heads at this stage. However, if we jump all the way back to 2010 and
The title of the episode is
“John?”
more confusing; it’s often cited as one of the most complicated films ever made even just in terms of surface level plot, before getting into anything else, and it certainly took me a huge amount of time on Google before I could approach anything like a resolution on it!
Not so long ago, Sherlock thought, a much more volatile John would have been swept up in anxiety about Rosie saying his name, the inevitable guilt that Sherlock had seen wash over his face every time he realised his daughter knew Sherlock better than she would ever know her mother. But not today. Today his face was bright with paternal pride, and Sherlock felt sure that he was beaming back. He sat down with them by the Christmas tree and put his finger in Rosie’s tiny hand, pretending to shake it. She gurgled with pleasure. John reached over to pat his back, a sort of half-hug. Sherlock’s chest tightened, scared to betray himself. The distance between his face and John’s was narrow, so narrow that Sherlock could feel the heat of his breath, smell the vague mixture of chemicals that hung over him after a day at the clinic, see every pore on his weather-beaten face –
She’s not your daughter.
I’m going to talk about water a lot more in the chapters on TFP, because of John in the well and pirates and
normally tie together so nicely, this is a section which has absolutely no bearing on the rest of the plot other than to look a bit silly. But fundamentally, we’re talking about the superfluity of style and image here; we’ve been talking about it for a long time in relation to previous adaptations, but TST brings it in in relation to
“You mad bastard. You hate Christmas.”
, the flesh avatar/dream person threat doesn’t just go away. These words of Madame Kovarian are extremely important:
That’s it for TAB, at least in this series – next up we’re going ever deeper, to find out exactly who is Eurus. See you then?
will know that the magic doesn’t last long – it’s pretty much an introductory way in, and most of the rest of his important deductions will all be made in dreams. This is one of the most famous scenes in the whole programme, because it introduced the world to the weirdness of what had been set up as a straightforward cop show, and despite Cooper rarely (possibly never?) mentioning Tibet again, it’s still highly quoted and recognisable. As a watershed moment in bringing dream worlds into normal detective dramas (something highly frowned upon according to any theory of storytelling!) this is a gamechanging moment, and I don’t think it’s a stretch to point to
I toyed with the entirety of HLV being in EMP, because parts of it are weird (think Magnussen pissing in Baker Street, or the fucky MP glasses), but I ultimately dismissed it, though I’m willing to be challenged on this. I dismissed it as being a part of Sherlock’s post-wedding drug abuse for a few reasons. The first is that we only see Sherlock wake up from his drug abuse, not go into it – EMP is something that’s going to be hard for viewers to swallow, and Mofftiss are actually quite good at dropping big hints and drawing attention to the important bits along the way. That’s really not the case in the crack den, which is well integrated into the plot and has no traces of Sherlock’s mind palace. The second is that, actually, the premise of HLV is far too integrated into the main plot of s3 to be entirely MP – the CAM stuff and Janine at John and Mary’s wedding could be Sherlock extrapolating, but it seems like a bizarre extrapolation to make given how much fuckier the s4 mysteries are (London aquarium, Culverton’s drugging, the entirety of TFP) - the only MP fuckiness we get in HLV really takes place after Mary shoots Sherlock, like the restaurant scene with CAM or the Appledore Vaults being his MP. Mary shooting Sherlock also has far too many throwbacks with Norbury and Eurus in s4 to be completely irrelevant. So, with that in mind – let's go.
’s ending is a lot sadder than TAB’s – the fact that, unlike
– twice, it mentions the elephant in the room, and so I feel I have to do the same. The first time, you could blink and miss it – the Doctor calls pregnant Amy ‘elephanty’. But the second time, we get this exchange:
I don’t know if I’m right about the partitions, but there’s only one thing they remind me of, and that’s a closing door. It’s a trope in an adventure film – I first saw it in
And still he heard the word that Sherlock had used. Parents, plural. John had not reacted – they had only recently patched up their most recent spat, and John was not sure how Sherlock would take him pointing out the ease with which Sherlock seemed to be referring to himself as Rosie’s parent. He suspected that Sherlock himself had not noticed, and if it were pointed out, would back off. John was slowly realising that he did not want him to do that.
So, in MP terms, why does Sherlock gravitate towards his family home instead of Baker Street as the location to unravel John’s relationship with Mary? Bearing in mind that this is a continuation of the interrogation of their relationship, it seems interesting that he chooses to juxtapose them to the only loving couple we see in this television programme. Like a lot of parallels in EMP, this is something that our dads choose to draw our attention to; Daddy says to Mary “you’re the sane one”, as though every happy relationship has a sane one and a mad genius. And they draw attention to it again – Mary points out that Sherlock brought them here to see a fine example of happily married life.
I don’t think the importance of Molly in particular here has been mentioned before, but forgive me if I’m retreading old ground. However, Molly always has importance in
. That’s why she’s different, and this is actually a vital line. It suggests that the programmed canon that we know these boys follow, because they have to – that’s not what this show is about. Our characters are agents, and for the first time in history, their lives are dictated by free choice. John chose this Mary, not the Mary of canon – and Sherlock himself makes explicit the comparison between John choosing Mary and John choosing Sherlock. The heart of the story is the choices that can be made for the first time. How incredibly exciting.
And how could he not? The pale laugh lines etched into Sherlock’s face, middle-aged now, though John could not believe it, spoke to happier times than John had known with anyone else. The aching tenderness with which he planted a soft kiss on Rosie’s brow was paralleled by a soft ache in John’s own chest. Even the ridiculousness of showing a baby science experiments brought a rueful smile to his lips that he could not shake. He loved Sherlock.
He did not want Rosie to think that he had not loved her mother, because he had. The feelings he had for Mary would never evaporate; he knew that, but he also knew that he had found something bigger, a love that threatened to envelop him and upend everything he thought he knew about himself. He knew he had to tell Sherlock, but it didn’t feel right somehow without her permission. Saying it aloud still felt like an infidelity. He had loved them simultaneously, after all. How could she forgive him that?
), but let’s remember the initial mention of it. It was heart!John who spoke those words, not real!John – because we never get real!John in this series, except through Sherlock’s memory – and so his interrogation of Sherlock’s hypothesis of Mary is where he starts to realise that the problem is one of happy families rather than chess, and that it’s a lot more emotionally complicated than the supervillain arc gives credit for. It’s important that we’re told this story in reverse, because Sherlock is slowly picking up the clues for it but only putting it together late. We’ve seen all the signs that John might be unhappy but haven’t elaborated on them – now Sherlock’s mind is noticing that the Mary problem is something to do with John’s emotions. He can’t work out what, so he hypothesises – this meta chapter (
wants Sherlock to get involved in that situation, although God knows why – the Janine-is-Jim's-sister theory feels like it might work here, but I don’t think there’s enough evidence for me to unravel it. If Janine genuinely does open the door out of affection for Sherlock, regardless of her relationship with Mary (the two aren’t mutually exclusive), Janine knowing Sherlock is gay doesn’t make sense
Chapter 4 – It is always 1895 [TAB 1/1]
scene in TLD -
This episode opens, as so many have pointed out, with doctored footage, as though deliberately showing us how stories can be rewritten. However, we only get glimpses of the footage at the start of the episode – the extensive old footage is not security camera footage, but recap footage from s3, and specifically the end of HLV. The idea that there is something classified, hidden, that we don’t have the full story, is meant to be associated with the actual show
[we’re going deeper]
It wasn’t entirely a lie. But it wasn’t the whole truth.
“You’re in your dressing gown!”
John had never prayed before tonight.
Fast forward past the face-flicking, and Sherlock shoots Magnussen. This is the culmination of the metafictionality of the episode, and I think it’s really fantastic. The simulation that Sherlock has run to prove that Mary loves John has failed, because the only way to save John is to kill Magnussen and he’s the only one who can do it – so in short, Sherlock becomes the housemaid, not Mary. He takes on the role, and it breaks canon completely. He’s supposed to be above that, disinterested – but instead he becomes the woman who kills out of love for her husband. He is no longer filling the traditional role of Sherlock Holmes in the narrative. He has disproven the point he needed to make – and so, as brain!Mycroft seems to suggest, deeper waters still. The cut to little Louis Moffat screaming in the firing line instead of BC is another hint that this isn’t real – we might just about accept it here as showing Sherlock’s vulnerability, but given that the entirety of series 4 is about childhood trauma coming back up, the resurgence of a screaming child of Sherlock as he recognises his new place in the narrative is brutal. (Yes, Sherlock has a lot of gay trauma – we’ll find out more when we meet Eurus.)
) goes into much greater detail about how his queer trauma (Eurus) is prodding at his hypothesis of John here, forcing Sherlock to masquerade as a woman in the form of trauma!Eurus because trauma!Eurus will not let him truly accept queer desire and the possibility of reciprocity. It is why we get a story which rings so false about John here. However, I’m running the risk of repeating said chapter, so we’ll move ahead.
“She will,” John insisted. “And she’ll kill me for letting you.”
John shrugged. “It’s okay. She’s not your daughter.”
This Christmas was their Christmas, theirs alone to share. And Rosie, of course. Rosie did not seem to notice the difference in the way her fathers behaved around each other. Perhaps she had always sensed their love, a primal infantile understanding that both of them wished they had a long time ago. Nevertheless, they knew now.
Craig’s quote about people being weird for missing the olden days is, of course, crucial to this reading of
) how the Victorian costume and the continued use of the deerstalker in the present day are images of Sherlock’s public façade and exclusion of queerness from his identity. It’s true that pretty much every Holmes adaptation has used the deerstalker, but the strong Rathbone vibes that come from Ben’s TAB costume ties the 1895 vibe very strongly into Rathbone. To have the final scene – and hopefully exit from the EMP – tie in with Sherlock and John running
We move into brain!Mycroft’s interrogation of Lady Smallwood. The setting is once again focusing on reflection – the mirror behind Lady Smallwood reflects Mycroft, and of course there is the larger mirror structure of an interrogation room, where a mirror from the inside allows Sherlock to watch what’s going on – an obvious metaphor. Lady Smallwood’s opening lines, that Mycroft can’t accuse her again, are really important – in HLV, right before he went down, Sherlock thought that Mary was Lady Smallwood. He’s playing through this mistake – why did he make it? What stopped him from seeing the obvious about Mary, just as he is missing the obvious about Norbury? Both, after all, have been ‘hiding in plain sight’.
John bit his lip to try to keep back the retort. Sherlock’s attempts to tell him he was in the wrong were infuriating at the best of times, but this was pushing him to the limit. “I’m doing my best,” he forced out.
“Sherlock –“
I don’t truly buy that (in this scene, at least) Mofftiss are critiquing their own show in a straightforward sense, because they have dealt with technology better than this (words on screen, technology as useful within mysteries), drugs better than this (John’s, Mycroft’s and Molly’s reactions to Sherlock’s behaviour as well as Sherlock’s own difficulties) and clever quips far better (pick any episode). But in deconstructing this show to its instantly recognisable elements, and making them worse to hyperbolise the point, that scene strips the show of its heart. Interestingly, it’s also stripped of John, who will be the metaphorical heart of Sherlock through the EMP, but is also the part of the show that is missing when it is caricatured as the Benedict-Cumberbatch-being-clever show. This is also a critique of most people’s perception of Sherlock Holmes as a character through history in the sense of the reductive cleverness – Mofftiss are showing us that this is completely empty.
We’re still with Sherlock’s imagined John as we move into “the Watsons’ domestic” in 221B – but, as so many have pointed out, for a domestic between the Watsons, they feature very little as a couple! The core emotional dialogue is often said to come between John and Sherlock, but despite Martin Freeman’s
. It’s pretty on the nose for a show whose protagonist is idealised in the Victorian age – and sums up Mofftiss’s feelings towards the Vincent Starrett
Eurus and Mycroft are parallel oppressive forces in Sherlock’s brain, but they’re oppressive in different ways. Having family members and childhood trauma be the psyche’s symbols for repression is particularly poignant in a queer love story, for obvious reasons. However, I want to take you through my reasoning behind Eurus being the most secret and troubled part of Sherlock’s soul.
Sherlock had met the cat at least five times up to this point, and deduced his existence from the hairs on Molly’s clothing on the daily, but had never managed to remember his name. Toby. He made a mental note to log it, but already knew his brain had given it up as a bad job. Some things just weren’t important.
Sherlock rolled over in bed, groggy. What ungodly noise had pierced the veil of his unconsciousness at the ungodly hour of… he checked the clock. Six oh five AM. Ungodly indeed. He wrapped the duvet a little closer around himself and turned himself over, thinking he could still get back –
“And a Christmas tree, of course, if you have space for one with all the mess.”
“Alright then,” John finally whispered hoarsely. He nodded again, as though unsure of what to say. “Thank you.”
“Ready?”
As well as that, tweets from Arwel Wyn Jones (production designer) and Douglas MacKinnon (TAB director) here
The positioning of the aeroplane problem in relation to the John-trapped-in-a-well problem is also pretty important. I’m of the firm belief that Eurus represents queer trauma, and this is the trauma that throughout the entirety of series 4 is both pushing him towards John and blocking him from him. Sherlock needs to wake up to save John, and has to push through the trauma to recognise this – but the trauma is blocking his way. She’s stopping him from helping John – it’s a terrible moment when Sherlock is telling John that he’s busy whilst John is drowning in the well – but it’s also pushing through the aeroplane moment that allows him to save John in the MP. This is the paradox of queer repression, right, and the paradox in Eurus’s behaviour – she’s simultaneously blocking Sherlock and leading him on to the solution.
Yet there was affection in John’s eyes, real affection, the first genuine, untainted amiability towards anyone that Sherlock had seen in him since Mary’s death. The sentiment was echoed in Sherlock’s own as John went to pick up his daughter, cooing at her as he carried her to each decoration one by one, introducing every character in the crib to the blissfully uncomprehending infant. Sherlock quietly hooked the holly back onto the mantle. Perhaps he would do Christmas this year after all.
He thought back to the Christmas decorations he had placed around the flat the previous afternoon. In the glow of the fire, the room had seemed like a home for the first time in many years, lit up not only by the wintery flames but by John’s laughter, the first time he had laughed in months. The decorations felt premature now, thinking about the sombreness of the day. He hadn’t considered that.
The room had taken on a pleasant haze in the minutes since John had drunk it. He was not drunk, merely in that pleasant between-state, where the world seemed to curve around his perspective. He felt warm and vaguely cosy, although it was a cold December evening.
“Joint cleverest. Both my boys.” Sherlock laughed at Mummy’s exasperation; the fraternal competition would never cease. “But neither of you is a patch on the cleverest woman –“ she gestured towards herself – “so come on. What’s going on?”
Sherlock got tired of the silence. “I need to speak with the journalist.”
“Death was the easiest place to do that.”
“It was two hours ago.” Sherlock repeats.
“Look.” Lestrade jumped in, seemingly the only one aware of the weird heaviness in the room. “You need to take us through it from the beginning…”
“Why did you go back?”
“Describe it to me.” Sherlock demands.
“That implies you think I’m going to jump?”
“A pattern?” John asks.
Sherlock found that he was, in fact, sitting in the armchair that Moriarty had so recently vacated. It had been the closest available perch as Sherlock had retreated into himself, reviewing what had been said and processing everything he’d learnt.
“John?” Her voice again, sounding lost. He’d been expecting a curt response, an insult, a shout. Anything but this broken emotion.
“So your mind would be able to supply those details. Even if they weren’t present.”
“That’s not exactly what happened.”
“Well, yes, you have a point.” John has to pause. That does seem a little odd.
“Yes, you…” Sherlock paused. Noticing something. “I’ve got post?” He asked, spying the writing desk, probably for the first time.
“Yes.”
“You couldn’t be further from wrong if you tried,” Sherlock says with rising impatience. “Open your eyes,”
“Right,”
“Made me realise a lot of things about you. Things I thought we had in common.”
Sherlock contorted his face at her in a mockery of a smile.
“Not at all,” Sherlock peered over the banister beside him, down towards the dim hallway beneath him, then started to make his way down the stairs,
“Oh.” John concedes, mentally cursing the technology he’s yet to understand, “What can I do for you?”
“Do you have a room available?” The stranger asks as he reaches them.
“Yeah. Wasn’t going to call you, pretty open and shut. Suicide. But we found this,”
Fit they did however, and once they were stacked neatly outside, John’s final task was simply to slot the note he’d penned in haste into the correct pigeonhole in the writing desk, turning then, to close the heavy front door behind him.
“Three murders, two bodies,”
“A genius?”
“It was always you, John Watson.”
“No, no, I’m glad you did. Thank you.”
“Look,” Sherlock urges
“Perhaps.”
“Interesting enough to pass the time.”
“Leave a note when?” John’s words are in equal parts bewilderment and heartbreak.
“Where am I?” John plucks from a dozen possible questions.
“We’re good at our jobs, Sherlock,” Lestrade protested
SHERLOCK
“I know you put up more of a fight against Moran than he could ever have expected.”
“But it is a science?” John asks,
“I didn’t know, I saw.” The stranger says, his stare level until he lets his eyes flick up momentarily to the luggage rack above their heads. John understands:
“You did,” John laughed, his face carefree, either from the company or the beer, Sherlock couldn’t be sure, “You also said I’d be showing it off outside.”
John feels faintly like he’s going down the rabbit hole as he follows Mike Stamford into a building that he used to know so well and has since changed so much.
“You do.”
“You, Mary over there,” Sherlock replied, nodding in her direction, they were stood with their backs to the makeshift bar, surveying the room of partygoers. “And Griff, if he shows.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies coolly, moving forward toward them. Mrs Hudson rises from the chair as he does so, as if offering him his rightful place.
“In the shoulder,” John remembers, “But my leg.”
“I hear Edinburgh is lovely this time of year.” Sherlock replies in a voice that belies emotion.
“I have absolutely no idea…”
“Lie,”
Sherlock goes very still: “Harry’s your sister.”
“No, I…”
“Sit in bars and
John followed her through the room of people and all the way out the door,
“You can’t blame yourself for that.”
“Lived here all my life.” Sherlock said, not quite answering the question, then, wanting to provide some confessions of his own: “Except for that short spell in rehab.”
“You look well,”
Lestrade said nothing, instead he fished his police ID from his jacket pocket to show to him. The receptionist offered it only a cursory glance.
John thinks both of them may be supressing the urge to roll their eyes.
“No.”
“Well quite,”
So now John is standing alone on a roof, somehow completely at the centre of the incident without meaning to be at all. Or perhaps he had. He can’t quite remember.
The man uses them as a tether, pulling John closer, curving and capturing John’s mouth against his own in one movement.
“I wasn’t,”
Did he plan it that way?
“Good luck, Watson,” One of his companions said and Sherlock realised that until that moment he hadn’t known John’s last name.
“And how do you know that?” John is hovering on the edge of being insulted.
SHERLOCK
“Oh, I’ll be fine dear. I’m on the ground floor…” She starts and John is pretty sure would continue if the door didn’t suddenly open before her, revealing a tall energetic figure in a long coat and blue scarf.
“Eighteen twenty.” She says again, nodding to the full glasses now waiting for him on the bar. “Eighteen pounds twenty,”
“More to the point, what was a stranger doing at my wedding?”
“Plans?” Sherlock asked incredulously.
“Your pulse…”
“In a way,” John says.
And hits him.
This man who is sitting at his bedside, cool fingers encased around his in a manner too comfortable to be unfamiliar. John’s first drug-addled reaction on waking had been to kiss him, after his subconscious had dreamt up more than one vision of how their meeting could have resulted in their practically tearing each other’s clothes off.
“No.” John confirmed.
“He’s a soldier
“A well planned one!” The man fussed with the place settings. “Tell me: why the wait?”
SHERLOCK
“Yes.” John confirms.
“The card,” Sherlock demanded, once he’d taken it all in. Lestrade handed him the evidence bag he already had in his hand; he’d known this would be the first request.
“But you have an idea?”
“Would it have made it easier?”
saved my life.”
“Not even close.”
“I spoke?”
John nods, resigned. He had been pretty sure that that would be the kind of answer he’d get. He tries a different tack:
John watched the street outside, focusing intently on each face as it approached.
“Parents however, are another matter entirely.” Sherlock continues as if he hadn’t spoken.
“They?” John asks, before his mind supplies the detail: “The people, the bystanders.”
“They know you’re meeting them?”
That was what he had wanted to see. He had even asked for it once. Right out loud. Standing beside a gravestone.
“I thought we weren’t making jokes?” Sherlock replies.
“You don’t know them.”
“Of course, yes, enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
“Oh boys,” She says, her voice shaking, eyes casting about finally: “The mess you’ve made.”
“Well, that’s fantastic news!” She laughed, “And I guess you have your answer,”
“You’re not using again are you?” Lestrade asked in a small voice, looking him dead in the eye.
But John had been angry. He’d not been back. He’d not given Sherlock the chance to say the words.
The woman extended a hand to Sherlock, still wearing the shy smile. He looked at it, then at her,
“I’m not sure I’d choose 2005 John though, maybe 2008.” He started, as if he'd just plucked the year out of the air, “I was deployed then,” He added, justifying himself.
“You often have a beer when you’re editing.” Sherlock’s words are calm; he’s still peering through the microscope.
A pause. John begins again:
“You’ll stand wherever I sodding well tell you!” Anger. There it is. It draws him up. Off the seat. Back onto his feet.
“I’m not going to ask about the cuffs…” Lestrade said, pointing them out to him some way away, half submerged in the grey. Sherlock studied them from a distance.
John’s first shift wasn’t turning out to be a great success.
“Yes, warned me.” She crossed her arms, clearly she was trying to look more intimidating than her stature allowed, “You’re bored?”
“Yes.”
Minutes later and he’s sitting back in his chair, taking his first pull on his beer as he looks over the discarded papers.
“Mike,” The figure in the room address’s John’s friend without looking up from whatever it is he is doing on the computer, “Can I borrow your phone? No signal on mine.”
“Hmm?” John says in response, giving in to this bizarre turn of events now,
“Socially?”
“How do you know I’m not some kind of serial axe murder on the side?” John asks playfully.
“You interest me John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John was aware his hand was shaking as he refolded the letter and started his reply:
He’d left his cane behind.
“I…” Sherlock begins, again John doesn’t let him continue.
“She doesn’t have the power to fire me.”
“I’ve been writing to you, John,” Sherlock said very quietly, eyes on John’s closed eyelids. “You’ve not been replying.”
“Thank you,” He rasped out with effort, when he finally held them in his hand. There must have been dozens.
“She’s claiming she’s Vanessa Stephens.”
“Yes.” Sherlock doesn’t explain. “We were watching you too.”
“Not really, I…”Sherlock starts, looking lost.
A thousand possibilities sprang up behind his eyes simultaneously and for once he couldn’t deduce an answer.
“No,” Sherlock looks baffled. “Why would it be?”
“I’d agree with that.”
“What I was to you.”
“That’s not what people usually say.” The stranger says calmly.
“Attractive.” Sherlock summates,
“Your receptionist is an idiot.”
“Yes.”
“Did you think you were dreaming?”
“Who indeed?” Sherlock agrees,
Sherlock huffs out a laugh.
“Could be a woman…”
“You think it’ll be the same with Mary?”
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock asks,
“I’m sorry,” John continues, as if reading from a script: “You’re aware that this is a doctor’s surgery?”
Sherlock continued to look upward.
“He is a terrible liar.” Sherlock said as they left the interview room. They were barely out of the suspect’s earshot and Lestrade glared at him.
John continues “I just told you I thought I’d lost you. You accepted that.”
“You seemed interesting,”
“Since I was a teenager. Off and on.”
It takes a long time for Sherlock to pull his stare back to John’s, his eyes cold and full of steely resolve, defences raised. It takes a longer time for them to realise they have nothing to defend against and begin to soften, the surrounding skin un-tensing.
“There’s a kidnapper?”
“You’re a police officer?”
“I hadn’t realised.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” John says.
Lestrade regarded him for a moment.
“I…” John starts but finds himself completely adrift with what he could possibly offer as a response.
“Bored.” Sherlock says succinctly, reaching out for his glass. “Mrs Hudson was growing tired of me shooting at the walls.”
“Don’t be silly.” She replied in a tone that make Sherlock look up at her.
“No.”
“Just wondered,” Now it was her turn to prevaricate.
He sighs as the memories threaten to overwhelm him, closing his eyes to savour them.
“How could I?” John asks. “We never…” He blinks, “We never spoke about it.”
“You’re meeting them here?” John motions with his eyes at the cafe.
“You’re keeping a low profile.” John answers.
But instead of saying the words balanced on his tongue in response, he sighs:
“I am,”
They looked at each other for a long time. John hummed a little in acknowledgement but didn’t say anything, he moved his gaze away again.
“There’s beer in the fridge.” Sherlock cuts in through the chatter.
“Of course I did.” John says, confused, “I’m here.”
just like the rest of them.”
“Molly invited me.” Sherlock offered in reply.
“I thought he was dead.” John says, half truthfully.
"Mm,” A wordless agreement from behind him.
“Yes,”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, sounding a little like he would go on if John didn’t cut back in:
“How long?” He asks, eyes slipping from Sherlock, nervous of the reply.
“Is that the kind of thing best friends do?” Sherlock asks.
“Should that mean something to me?” John asks.
“No.” The word takes a long time to say.
“It is,” John starts, “And it isn’t.” A pause, “But I deserve something too,”
“Oh?” John was aware that he was smiling, softly.
“Shoot at walls?” Sherlock asks, a gentle air of amusement in his face. John can’t help but notice that he hasn’t looked away.
“I think I…” He starts to say, eyes heavy, mind sluggish and full.
“Yes, like that.” John doesn’t miss a beat.
“On the pavement. With the blood. The people that wouldn’t let me touch you.”
“He didn’t die.”
Sherlock’s eyes dip away from John’s, his mouth slanting in a smile. John is glad to have raised it. He watches as Sherlock finally takes the seat by the bedside, feeling a little like the world has realigned itself in a very fundamental way.
“I thought we weren’t going through the deductions again?”
“What do you remember?” Sherlock asks another question without answering John’s.
“At the moment Sir the best thing for you to do is allow us to gather as much information as possible.” Lestrade placates, in much a similar tone as the uniformed officer had used before him. He offers her a nod as he speaks, dismissing her from the sofa and back to the blank press of uniforms currently stationed in John’s hallway.
“Molly, she…”
“Sherlock…” There’s a voice over the man’s shoulder and a figure comes in to view: Lestrade, the officer from earlier. “I won’t have you badgering the witnesses.”
Sherlock looks back at John with a kind of open wonder that makes affection rise like a flush across John’s chest.
“What?” John asks, unable to form any other kind of question.
“Oh?”
“It wasn’t yours?” Lestrade asked.
“I’d like that,” John’s reply.
“She’s not available.” He repeated, looking back at his monitor.
John lets out a laugh. Partly out of surprise, partly out of fear, but mainly because of his sheer good luck. “Really?” He asks,
“Er, I… Yes, it’s…”
“Look, this is ridiculous.” John cries in exasperation “Is there really any need to do this again?”
“You don’t strike me as the kind of person who makes casual conversation over sugar.”
“You stood out to me.” Sherlock turns his level gaze on John’s face.
“I am full of them.”
“I consult.”
He held up the scarf to the light: blue, soft, good quality. It would go well with his coat.
“I don’t like to dwell on the fact.”
“Yeah, you wanted to have a barbecue.”
“Mr Osborne!” The receptionist’s eyes widened, her awkwardness obvious at the fact that the conversation was being overheard by Sherlock and Lestrade.
“Thank you,” The patient’s voice is as dark as the bruises of his eyes.
“You are sulking.” John tells him, vaguely amused.
“I didn’t know that! I woke up. You weren’t here…”
“You have that glow about you,” She turned back with a smile, but sensed his unease at discussing it, “No cane?” She asked instead.
“Moriarty.”
“Yes,”
“Yes thanks,” John turned back to his friend and raised his beer in acknowledgement, “Doing OK,”
“I…” Sherlock started to say, then stopped, casting around for something to say.
“How are you feeling?” John asks him, reaching the bedside.
Footsteps and her front door opened.
“You always use a lot of syllables when you’re worried...” She said in a thick voice, smiling faintly. He regarded her properly for a few moments, he’d not seen her for too long. The corner of his mouth ticked up.
“Don’t remind me.”
“No.”
The angry contusions of track marks are obvious even in the darkness.
“How can you still be here?” Sherlock asked.
He’d given in. Eventually.
“When he arrived he was perfectly calm,” The trauma nurse calls back in response from her position just a little too close to the patients flailing left arm, “We have no idea what set him off,”
“Baker Street.”
“Ahead of you again. Only one known distributor in southern England. Guess who runs it?” Lestrade said with evident glee,
Before the stranger can reply a petite woman enters the room.
Sherlock shot him a wounded look and abruptly paused his pacing. Lestrade continued.
“What can I get you sir?” It is the waitress that breaks the quiet. Addressing the stranger opposite John. She has pink hair.
“And not that I don’t appreciate the man power you’ve assigned to this, I do” John says, looking around at the truly staggering amount of people currently stomping around in his living room, “But,” He looks back to Lestrade: “There’s something you’re not telling me.”
“No.”
Later the party came together in the kitchen to sing a spectacularly painful rendition of Happy Birthday to the man of the hour. Cake was cut. Mike thanked John for being there in the embarrassing speech that followed, showing his not insignificant amount of pride at his friend.
The words hung heavy in the air, exactly as Moriarty had intended them to.
“My landlady,” Sherlock takes a sip of his water “Not my housekeeper.”
“Do you really care?” Sherlock asked and John looked back up at his face, seeing the gentle smile there, “It saved my life.
“You are?” She asks him.
“What?”
Another pause.
“Jumped,” Sherlock corrects again.
The female uniformed police officer with the delicate face and green eyes has the decency to look affronted.
“I thought I made myself clear.”
“I know you’re an Army doctor and that you’ve recently been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother with a bit of money who’s worried about you  but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife.” John says nothing as the stranger continues, “And I know your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly I’m afraid. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
“I have no idea.”
“My mind isn’t usually very good at telling me what I should be feeling.”
SHERLOCK
“Prepared for if the damage is permanent.” There’s a finality in the words that ups the rate of John’s heart marginally.
“This is getting confusing.” The roll in Sherlock’s eyes is implied.
“Yes.”
“But…”
“You mean you haven’t already made them?”
“Yes.” John confirms, already turning “Yes I definitely should. I’m sorry.”
That question again.
“In October, foolish.”
A car swerved with a squeal of breaks and John’s attention was drawn to something going on in front of the hospital building. With a jolt of fear, he realised that the raised voices he could hear were being directed upwards, toward a dark figure, standing on the roof.
“There’s no evidence at all that this is linked with your murders, Sherlock.” Lestrade said calmly. “No card, nothing complicated.” He leant forward again and it was his turn to poke at the headline, “And we’re not ‘mystified’. The case is on-going.”
“How are you doing?” She asked simply, directly. It wasn’t a question he heard often and it wasn’t one he had a ready answer to. He grunted a little in response.
“Shut up.”
“Yes.” John confirms.
“Yes,” He stopped. “A lot better. Just recently, I think,” He paused, unsure if he wanted to continue, “I think, well…” He started again, stopped, then: “I’ve met someone.”
Above him Mycroft stilled completely, his concern hardening in his eyes.
“If the weather holds up,” Said another.
“The last piece of the puzzle.” Sherlock replies, “Since I left I’ve been tracking the people that worked with Moriarty. Moran was, for all intents and purposes, Moriarty’s right hand man.”
“Yes, S…” She starts and stops herself, “John.”
“Are you attempting to relate to the subject?” His voice is like velvet.
“It’s over.” Obvious. Sherlock’s words are obvious. His tone: obvious.
“Then, ok. Then, how you did it.”
“Exactly?”
“There’s no need to create unnecessary worry,”
John sighed again, looked away. Of course. He braced himself.
John heaves in a breath and lets it out slowly.
“Is what a case?” He asked.
July.” She said, walking away from him. She closed the front door behind her with calm finality.
He led John across Regent Street and into Soho.
The coat is on the floor now. Sherlock is all angles and sinew beneath it. John has to wonder idly how much that shirt is worth as he begins to push at it, desperate to see whether the immaculate skin of his face continues across his torso. He wants to feel it, to run his fingers and his lips across the contours and plains of it, tasting the differences in tone and texture.
to us. To them, we are kings…”
They meet on a tube.
“Go get ready?” Molly supplied when he didn’t finish the sentence.
make no sense at all.” He was aware of the catch in his throat.
“But you asked about my brother.” John again,
Lestrade turned to go and Sherlock stood slowly, eyes on Vanessa until the moment he had to turn to follow him.
“That’s cheating.”
He said.
“Shortly,” Sherlock mollifies,
“Who?”
“Ah,” John nods, reading the sentiment beneath the logic as if it were the only thing Sherlock had said.
“I thought you suspected.” Sherlock says out toward the street.
“Possibly a kidnapper.” Sherlock points out.
So why am I writing this letter? Because I know you. Because I understand you and adore you and am terrified of you. But perhaps I am more terrified of who I am when I’m with you. Saying these words out loud would make them real, writing them down on paper makes them live. I’m not sure that I will ever send this.
With a nod of thanks to Molly, Lestrade did.
“I’m on my way.”
There’s a pause. John tilts his face to look over at him, studies his dark profile against the murk of the room.
At the sound of the door opening John turns to assess the figure that has just entered: a bear of a man who seems to struggle to fit himself in the doorway. The man moves forward confidently, pulling his stethoscope from around his neck:
John looks at him.
Sherlock turned, almost knocking into Lestrade who was standing close behind him with a small smile on his face.
He turns and pushes himself away through the crowd.
“And because if you didn’t blame yourself for this then we wouldn’t both be here.” Sherlock continues, “You think you could have stopped me. But you didn’t. You don’t remember coming up here because you never did.”
“He’s been dead. For three years. He did that for you. And when he thought that it had caused you harm, you should have seen how he was. There was no consoling him.”
“Who?” Sherlock asks innocently and John is lost. Head falling back into his hands, this time in laughter, back heaving with mirth, gasping for air.  Sherlock is right there along with him, his throaty laugh a warm rumble of joy in John’s chest. And as Sherlock laughs his hand falls against the back of John’s neck, long fingers brushing across the short hairs there and sending shivers down John’s spine. An acknowledgement. An understanding.
“Are you going to make me beg?”
Sherlock flew from the police car the moment it pulled up outside, fist banging on the front door. It was 10:30 on a Thursday morning, she had to be home.
“The thought had occurred.”
“I meant it,” Sherlock assures.
“Punch?” John ventured,
“Then no.”
“I expect he’ll be asking for our protection.”
John wakes slowly.
“I’m waiting for a letter.”
For a long moment all three simply stare.
“That I’m back!” Mrs Hudson states, that bright melodic voice. “Back already, I know! So soon!” She’s looking away from him to fuss with her bags, “It seems I just can’t keep away from the place. Baker Street! Who would have thought? What was it Sherlock said? ‘
John had immediately rushed to her aide. Helping her scoop things back into the bags hastily provided in replacement and then, because seemingly this is the sort of man he is, he’d asked if she needed any help carrying them.
“And these other women, they’ve been found?” John asks,
“Yes, not your housekeeper,” Sherlock filled in automatically as he unwrapped another object from it’s cocoon of bubble wrap.
This time it is Sherlock that lifts his hand to John’s face. John wonders whether he can remember a time when Sherlock has been this expressive to him; he’s stilled in the face of it, unable and unwilling to offer anything in response.
I haven’t told you all these things.
“For a dead woman?” She answered, not looking at him.
John looked around himself, at the street, the blue sky above, the unseasonably warm weather and 2010. Very clearly 2010.
“You didn’t think to just knock on the door?”
Sherlock stands, slowly, an air of something to say:
“I’m not a normal person.”
Then a voice from the other end of the bench:
“No.” Mr Osborne jumped in quickly. “You only asked me about the card. Before. I didn’t know anything about a card.”
“Probably because I’d just seen you come back from the dead.” John cuts him back down.
Bolstered, Sherlock squared his shoulders and leaned a little closer,
And looks away.
“Mr Osborne.” Sherlock identified calmly.
“Did about as much as you would if you were alive.”
“That last mug was a practise shot,” John raises his cup to Sherlock in a mockery of a toast.
John moves to write it down on the chart.
“There’s no way someone changes…” John starts before stopping himself mid -sentence with a thought.
“Is there a point to this John?”
With that she’d gone and Sherlock moved to peer with more interest at the pigeonhole in the top right of the writing desk, marked simply “B”. A single sheet of paper was tucked there, no envelope.
“John,” He repeats.
John raises an eyebrow.
Though he knows he’ll only do it exactly the same way next time.
John was tanned, Sherlock thought, but no tan above the wrists. Sherlock paused mentally to analyse the thought: deduction or defence mechanism? He wasn’t sure.
“She’s alive.” Sherlock says. “I got to the surgery too late for Moran, but in time for her.”
“How many flights of stairs?”
“Yes.” John can’t think of anything else to say.
“I did think he was aiming a little high,” The first said,
“There must have been another way.”
“From other people? Not from you.”
John answers them all as well as he can. Being honest, giving specifics where he knows he would need them if he were the one asking. They’re all about his current state, but John is expecting the last question when it finally comes:
“He said you scared ‘a few people’,”
“No,” John takes a drink again “It’s just, well, no one expects the Spanish Inquisition.”
Mike, clearly confused by the non-sequitur, turned to look at him.
“The memories. Of you. Here.” John pauses. “I kept expecting you to walk through the door.”
“They look good on you.”
The way Sherlock says the last word makes John turn to look at him properly. He’s finished scouring the room now and instead stands calmly in the middle of it, hands buried deep in the pockets of his dramatic coat: overkill for July.
“Wouldn’t I what?”
“You’re a doctor,” Sherlock says again.
“Well, if you ever fancy bringing some of that sunshine down to my dark corner of the hospital, you know where I am.”
Drinks were poured and purchased and he took them back to the table.
“Just specifically?” The volume of John’s voice is still rising. He can’t stop it.
And now there was a single blue note in reply.
“You have explained. Cause and effect right?” John is lost. “Cause: me, effect: you.”
Their gaze locked as their hands touched and they stood, just a little too long, palm to palm.
Lestrade stared at him, blinked, decided it wasn’t worth it and continued. “You think this M is a person?
A noise downstairs. He pauses, mug in hand. Key in the lock, front door swinging open. Feet on the hallway floor.
“What cleaner?” Lestrade asked, standing just behind his left shoulder,
“Then who are you?”
“She’ll just turn up again with no memory of it all?”
“Yes.” He tells her, stating the obvious.
Teabags. Two – one for each mug.
Finally, just at the point that the train was almost too far away for Sherlock to see him properly through the window, John looked up.
“No,” John decided he couldn’t tell him he didn’t have his number. Why hadn’t he asked for his number?
“I’m not a journalist.” The cold voice of the stranger knocks John off course a little.
“Tradition.”
“Difficult,”
“Yes. I can do festive. When asked.”
“When was that?”
“Greg!” Sherlock’s voice stopped him and he turned back, “You’re the only person in my life that carries handcuffs.” Sherlock said heavily, eyes full of meaning, “Look after yourself.”
“Mycroft?” John has to pause, that can’t have been an easy thing for Sherlock to admit. “What did he say to them?”
“I’d just finished my shift.” John says to him slowly, placating. “The nurse.” He stops again. “The nurse told me there was a jumper on the roof.”
“It wasn’t my body John” Sherlock looks up at him, continues as if he hasn’t spoken. “It was a dummy, a decoy, the likely effect to your witnessesed cause.”
“But you…” John searches for the word “…consult?”
“We both did.”
“Perhaps this would be easier if you sat down?” She asks pleasantly, with a pale smile.
“You…?” He starts a question he’s not sure he can ask.
“Just do as I ask,” The man turns back from his shoulder and looks out again into the emptiness, adding: “Please.”
John looks at him.
“This is ridiculous!” The man cried the moment he was in ear shot of the receptionist. Her gaze immediately sprang up to him with an edge of panic, “I cannot deal with this any longer!”
“Our victim’s brother.” Sherlock clarifies.
It took John a full week and an embarrassing amount of aborted drafts to finish the reply. From the moment he’d been reminded of that strange encounter from all those years before, there had been something niggling at John’s subconscious. The whole experience had been too weird, to incongruous with everything else in his life.
His route back however had taken him down this painfully familiar corridor, one he usually avoided at all costs. He’d spent too much time here, not long enough ago now, but the door had been open as he passed and for some reason in the mood he was in he’d been unable to stop himself from venturing inside.
“Yes,” Sherlock lied. He stooped to pick up his bags.
“Yes.” He replies, remembering that sweet version of her he had helped with her shopping.
She didn’t reply.
“Yes.” Sherlock says blankly, as if confirming his drinks order.
“Yes, quite a few times.”
“Even when you came back.”
“Though actions speak louder…” Sherlock lowers his voice and clutches. John moans.
“I’m sure.”
“I believe you,” Molly joked, “Let me get you a drink.”
A phone, ringing.
“I should…” He started,
The receptionist sighed. “Hasn’t showed.”
“Get someone to Baker Street, Mrs Hudson is in danger.”
“That means you’ve tried to get clean before?”
John does as he’s told. Allowing himself to be offered a seat in his own living room.
“Puncture wound.” Sherlock confirmed, bending toward it,
A breath, three paces and a turn.
Tea, John thinks. As he does most mornings. Those without Sherlock in them. Those with.
“I did.”
“You too, Mrs Hudson,” He turned to give her a kiss on the cheek before letting himself out into the bright summer day.
“I’m sure it was. As far as these things can be meant politely.”
“’Do’?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, partly.”
“They don’t really encourage personal visits,” John doesn’t qualify that they don’t encourage personal visits from Sherlock, not since the time he took it upon himself to diagnose the waiting room while John was busy with a patient.
“Did you think that by doing that I wouldn’t believe you were really dead? I wouldn’t care enough, to see, what I did?”
“Walking fifty extra yards isn’t going to hinder my recovery, Sherlock.”
But it’s Mrs Hudson that’s sitting by his beside when he wakes again.
“Not directly perhaps,” Sherlock clarified. “They’re the puppeteer, the man behind the curtain….”
“Yes.”
“Well there’s no need to take that tone…” She started, not coming any further into the room. A pause, “Is this what you’re looking for?”
“I’m normal.”
John sat at the small dining table of his dull new flat, the pool of light from a desk lamp illuminating the contents of a shoebox spread out on the desk in front of him. He sifted through it all, searching for something.
“Well,” She smiles, “You do that.”
John could ask what had happened, what he’s doing there. Why his ribs hurt and his head pounds and the monitor at his left elbow is tracking each leap and bump of his heart rate.
“It’s good to keep them occupied.”
John exhales slowly.
They stare at each other. John is studying the disconcertingly familiar slant of a stranger’s features.
John pauses.
The noise he makes on the stairs makes her look up, surprise on her face fading into that sing song smile.
“I’ve been… I’ve been half out of my mind. I thought….”
“I haven’t told you that.” John cuts him off.
“In fact it’ll probably just make it worse.”
“…that was necessary…
“You like it?”
“But you did know.”
“Thanks.”
“Sherlock?” John asks him, surprised.
Sherlock stepped through the door with not a small sense of foreboding and found himself lingering on the threshold, uncertain. Up until this point he’d known only that he had to come, not what would happen once he was here.
“Before…. Before you…?” It’s as if they each only have a certain quota of words on this night. John is running out of his.
“The first time I woke up.”
“Okay.”
“Misdirection John.” Sherlock continues.
“I will,” He called back.
The phone continued to ring.
“Not technically or physically.” Sherlock corrects as he shuffles himself under John’s duvet, lying on his back and reaching for John as he slides in beside him.
John stares. At a man, standing on a ledge, asking John to talk about his day.
“You worked that out from the way I blow my nose?”
“You see a lot of this?” Sherlock asks, referring to himself. He’s still shivering.
Perhaps I would have stopped before I told you that I love you.
“When we spoke to you previously Mr Osborne you claimed you knew nothing about the business card we found with your things,” Lestrade said to the man sitting opposite them over the interview room table.
John smiles against that mouth, inhaling the deep warm smell of something purely Sherlock.
“Now we’re arguing semantics?” John’s hands are in fists at his sides. “You died!”
“I thought we’d get Chinese,” Sherlock confirms,
ask. I wouldn’t have, before I met you. But if I had. If I had known to ask for help; even if I’d done everything as I did. Moriarty was clever. He still managed to lure me into a place where I thought that jumping was my only option. And I might have done it. If it hadn’t been for that last letter.”
“Mrs Hudson is out of her mind with worry,” Sherlock continues, his tone softening a little but his eyes never losing their intensity, “I can barely deal with her. You need to come back, John. You need to come back and deal with her.”
“Not think is behind this, know is behind this. I don’t guess.”
He moved to sweep past her, starting up the stairs.
Back to the story: for any of you that know the film you’ll know that most of the events in this chapter are lifted almost directly from the film, with a Sherlock spin to them obviously. For the time being I’m sticking very close to the film, so anyone who knows it will know that exciting things are coming in the next chapter!
Putting it all in order had seemed like a good idea all those weeks ago, when he’d started to sift through the objects in the flat, the books and the papers and the notes, sheet after sheet of sloped handwriting that seems to sing with personality: here it is careful, structured; lines following ordered steps of logic, turn it over and find wild ideas, scribbled haphazardly in margins and pushed up against other text – as if it has no real idea of personal boundaries.
“I don’t give a one iota of a damn what you’re telling me…” Sherlock cuts in.
“But you know, I…”
Sit tight, it’s coming soon.
It was some time after that that Sherlock, half way through his third beer of the evening, realised he’d not seen John in some time. He went in search.
“I don’t know, did you?”
“It’s always been confusing.”
“She’s not here? Or not available?”
“So busy he can’t stay with his brother in hospital?”
It was empty.
“No, it wasn’t.”
“Yes.”
“Nothing.” He answered quickly, hoping to placate, but instead her door opened and she appeared.
“Not in the slightest.”
“Where?” Sherlock asked instead.
“She helped me, despite everything. Despite who I was, despite what I did to her.”
“And that makes no sense at all.” He smiled, wryly. “
“It’s not that dark.”
SHERLOCK
A figure had emerged onto the landing. John craned his neck to see, but they’d already begun to descend the steps; out of sight.
“It was this morning.” John answers her question, “We had breakfast, as usual, said goodbye, as usual. She went off to her job, I went off to mine.”
“When?”
“Yes.” His voice is deep and somehow befitting of his features – pale and dark in equal measure. “An unfortunate consequence,”
“What dear?”
“Drugged?” John asks.
“People are idiots.” Sherlock answers succinctly.
He had his head down when it happened. He wasn’t watching.
Finding he is still holding the mugs John sets them down amid the papers on the table, leaving his hands free to automatically pat at the non-existent pockets on his hastily constructed outfit. He realises the futility quickly, leaning to sift through the papers instead. He finds it beneath a stack of memories.
“Yes.” He says very slowly.
“Hackney marshes, Victoria Park, London Fields.” Sherlock says from behind him.
“You never used to go in there,” Sherlock says slowly, speaking quietly upward at the ceiling in the darkness “Not at first. After you’d moved back. The curtains were never drawn nor the light ever on, not any time of the day or night. Oh at some point you must have been in there: to move the chair, it’s not been in its place in the sitting room for some time, it’s obvious by the way you move around the room, you’re used to its absence. But then you closed the door. You worked. Not quite to the same desperate level you did when you were in Islington, but still long hours. Until something made you go back in there. Obvious. Removal men. Either they were moving something in or they were moving something out. They opened the door and you found my papers. You’ve barely left the flat a day since.”
“Sherlock, I told you to stop badgering the witness,” Lestrade says threateningly from above them.
“Thank you,” He repeated softly, “For being my nurse. And for telling me.” He was aware that things were rising up that he couldn’t handle, he coughed to cover it. “Can I get you a drink?”
“Pleased to meet you,” John says,
“Only comes once a day,” She offered brightly as an answer. Sherlock took this to mean he’d already asked that day.
“You and everyone else here,” John said, referring to Mike’s speech.
“What can I get you to drink?” He asked as a cover, rising back up from his seat,
“Added to it.” John corrects.
“You were bleeding…”
“I remember you from the party.” Mike’s eyes were narrowed in distrust.
“What was that?” Mrs Hudson asked.
A silence, this time Sherlock’s agreement is more tentative: “Yes.”
“When I kissed you.”
“Well how about we focus on this case for the moment?!” John’s voice is rising again.
(See the end of the chapter for
The door had barely closed behind them before Sherlock had surged forward, any uncertainty dissolving, catching John’s face between large hands and pushing him back, fitting their mouths together confidently.
“But subconsciously, you were supplying those details.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Sherlock immediately mimics the same sentiment that John had offered previously, as if parroting emotion he isn’t familiar with.
“Oh, inconsequential.” Moriarty waved a hand, “I’m disappointed in you Sherlock, the old you wouldn’t have worried about that.”
’?” Sherlock asks “The time? For the odd word.”
“Believed in you?”
Smoothly she dipped into the handbag held at her elbow and produced a small bundle of letters, holding them out to him.
It didn’t take long for John to realise that his facts favoured the macabre: the burial grounds, the crimes, the murders and unsolved mysteries of old.
“Know.” Sherlock cut in.
“Starting to look like Spring,” She continued,
It’s a slow trudge that takes him back down the stairs, to the sitting room: to the books and papers and notes, to Mrs Hudson’s nice wood floor and to memories and to death and to rage and to secrets and agreements and experience and things unspoken and broken promises and no broken plates.
At the bar he gathered his thoughts.
“Laurel and Hardy?” John offers.
“Yes. I can’t speak for that other Sherlock, the one in your time, but my instinct is that he wouldn’t have asked for help, he wouldn’t have had anyone
John can’t help but laugh in wonderment.
“Far too much,” John responds with feeling.
“I don’t believe you.”
I haven’t told you to come back to me. Not so you could hear me.
“He means,” Sherlock replies from behind him, “That most have been found. Others are still missing.”
“Yes, I have been informed.” Sherlock replies.
“He told me you’d probably do this at some point.”
“Sherlock, you’re not wearing…” Lestrade started as he watched him reach forward, but it was too late. “…gloves.”  He trailed off.
Was this a date? John asked himself. Of course it was. He was on a date. With a man. A man from the future.
Sherlock continued to take cases through the Met, to play his violin by the window at Baker Street. He updated his blog and started to get requests for his services directly, mainly via e-mail, most of them so easy they could be solved via e-mail too.
They fall quiet.
Back to the notes, and the memories. His tea half-drunk by the time he surfaces from them: consumed automatically from the mug in his left hand while his right holds on to the past.
“You have a point.” John says, “Perhaps I recognised you from the paper.”
“You jumped?” John got stuck on the word, cutting in.
Inside, the house was crowded. They were led through into a large back room, which served as both dining room and kitchen, though the furniture had been pushed back to allow more room for standing. Once drinks had been offered Lestrade and Molly fell immediately into easy conversation with Mike and an attractive, age compatible woman that Sherlock assumed must be his wife. Sherlock took the opportunity to slip away.
Once home, Sherlock crossed immediately to the desk.
John rose from his seat, he wouldn’t wait until they kicked him out, he had some dignity.
He tailed off, thinking about himself. About 2008. The same year that Sherlock was living.
“Yes.” Sherlock sighed, “What do you find more surprising? That I was wrong or that I admitted it?”
“Or then?” Sherlock asks again.
“And hope I didn’t punch you?”
“Are you sure of that?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“Where’s here?” Sherlock asks
“You were.”
It wasn’t until that moment however, blinking up at Mycroft, that all those strands of information started to coalesce. A single thought remained, and with it the tentative start of a plan.
“And asked about why I’m not wearing my hat.”
“I should tell you how I feel.”
“Generally.”
The whole thing was ridiculous. The last note had found him tumbling down a hole of google searches, the answers he’d found making him look around his small room with new eyes.
“You think you did.”
John is sat at the bar, pint resting on the eighteen inches of wood between himself and the owner. They’re laughing about something one of them has said.
“Molly has it under control,” Sherlock informed him, marching toward the door and expecting him to follow.
“Molly is in good hands,” Sherlock nodded, an acknowledgement, “I need to check on Mrs Hudson,”
“Good luck with the tour,” He says with gravitas, eyes catching John’s momentarily.
“Well,” For the first time Sherlock seems a little ruffled around the edges.
But there was no one else here to hear that.
Hanging up Sherlock found himself standing on the landing outside his sitting room again. He paused, looked back over his shoulder, and then turned, heading back down the stairs.
“Anything interesting dear?” She asked, mildly, “I’m not sure that there’s been any post, but I always pop it there when it comes.”
Zoe Clark met them at the door with a handshake.
“I wondered whether you’d be wanting to come back…” She was continuing, but he had tuned her out, pulling out his mobile and opening the text. It was Lestrade.
Finally the cab drew up beside the blue lights of the police cars parked along the river front. Lestrade waved him over the moment he saw him.
There’s an expectant pause.
“So you’ll answer that question but not the other?”
“Good evening Molly,” Sherlock said in his most cordial of tones as he entered the morgue, “I’m told you’ve something new for me?”
Sherlock moans quietly under his touch and John feels a little like he might pool into the floor at his feet. Sweet taste and soft tones and the growing tide of their desire.
“I think it’s time you explained that to me.”
“I’m sorry.” John says automatically.
“This is your making.” Sherlock says confidently, ignoring the question. He’s still standing at the edge, but somehow the threat of that plunge is being forgotten.
“Of our kidnapper.” Sherlock tells him.
John can only look back at her.
Raised voices across the room. John lifts his head to study the table beside them: a harassed looking mother with her three young sons, none of whom seem to want to sit calmly at a table and drink milkshakes when it is more entertaining to playfight with their brothers. The woman sees him looking and flashes him a tired smile.
Moriarty raised his eyebrows, waiting for him to go on.
“You sure you’re not just finding connections where there aren’t any?” Lestrade cut in.
John was sitting in the dim hallway of 221, perched on the second step of the staircase that led up to his (Sherlock’s) old flat. In his lap was the most recent note.
“No, it wouldn’t.” Sherlock seems to understand. “Not after the army.”
“No, no cane.” He didn’t explain any further.
“Right.” Sherlock responds uncomfortably.
“I know. It’s a shock,” She declares.
John turned quickly, feeling caught out and guiltier than he would have admitted, she took this all in with a glance.
“You know my methods.”
“What kind of a name is Sherlock?” John asks finally.
“So,” John begins as the drink is placed before them, “Are you going to tell me how you do that?”
“But you didn’t?”
So, spade, these are the things I haven’t told you:
SHERLOCK
“I think I scared him.” John says.
“You know what Snapchat is?” Lestrade asked.
John turns to find the barmaid smiling at him.
“You have post,” Mrs Hudson called from the hallway downstairs. Sherlock, absorbed in sorting through his final box, took the excuse to immediately drop the task, moving instead onto the landing.
“Yes,”
“Back to London, or back to…” He wants to say ‘me’ but the internal censors are having none of that “…here?”
“Of course not.”
“So do I,” John admits.
“Look,” John starts, “I’ll level with you. I have no idea.”
He had imagined it before. Had told Sherlock that.
“I wasn’t happy about it.”
Sherlock’s mouth moves, whether testing out responses or the effect that the punch has had on his face John can’t tell, doesn’t care, continues at a shout:
“Why?” John repeats. “Why did I ask you to stop being dead? Which is, by the way, the first and only time you’ve actually done what I said when I asked you to ‘stop it’?”
getting fat. You look like you’ve not eaten in weeks.”
A thought occurs to him.
It was over twelve hours later that Sherlock stepped from the cab onto the pavement outside his brother’s apartment.
John read the letter again as he finished his coffee. He was due to take over on the night-shift in an hour but had arrived early, his mind more on the letter than it was on his future patients.
“Never thought of being a nice comfortable GP?”
John speaks: “I don’t need to believe in you anymore.”
“Do you know where she is?” Lestrade asked instead.
Then a tinny rendition of “Stayin’ Alive” by the Bee Gees starts playing from the other side of the room.
“My name.”
“I was?” Sherlock isn’t following.
“I wanted this.” John says in response to it, squeezing their clasped fingers minutely. “I dreamt we were… more. Than we are.”
“Oh.”
“Yes.” Sherlock offers succinctly.
John suddenly felt a little out of his depth, completely unsure how to answer.
“It’s… It’s. How.” John looks at him desperately. Where to start. “If it was, as you say, necessary. Then.” A blockage, in John’s throat. “ Suicide Sherlock. Suicide is never right”
“Though I think you have some explaining to do.”
“A case?”
“Yes.” John agrees finally.
“So after,” John says instead, straying back, pulling his mind from those memories to others, impossible others. “After I blacked out. I saw you in a crowd.” John pauses, studying Sherlock’s face, a face seen so many places. “Then in a shop…” A pause, John fights against the feeling of the ridiculous: “And a cab… and a train…”
