“Certainly got that idjits attitude.”  Bobby grumbled to himself.  “Well then, yah know the drill.  Arm out.  Sam, hold him.”
Dean couldn’t have been more confused, what the Hell did that even mean?  “That’s it?”  He asked.
“In case of what?”  Bobby asked suspiciously.
“Dean, are you listening to me?!”
“Mm?”  Dean responded, lips around a cup of coffee already.
Dean stepped confidently outside the room and put his hands on his hips.  Now which way?  He better make sure he could find his way back to his room first.  He nodded to himself before walking swiftly down the hall the way they had come.  He took a couple wrong turns initially, but after a few minutes he was back to his new bedroom.
“You hadn’t given me a ton to go on, and to be honest I was so angry with you at the time that I didn’t really focus too much on what you were saying.  Sorry.”  He looked sheepish now.  “But!  Giant bird in the forest was somewhere to start!  Obviously, the first place to start was with the thunderbird legends.”
“Bobby-”  Sam said in an attempt to intervene.
“Ok. How and why?” Dean said simply.
He snickered to himself at the thought.  If Bobby could see him now, his head would likely spin completely around.  Thinking of his family brought a twinge of sadness to him but he pushed it aside.  He was going to try and be in a good mood today.  He’d had a good night, slept well enough, and he’d decided to try and make nice with his roommate, he was doing just fine.
Dean watched her go in silence while Bobby preceded him into the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose.  He was being maudlin.  He still had work to do before Castiel came.  Dean grabbed an old hunting bag from the bottom of his closet and began to systematically fill it up with his traveling essentials.  Who knew if Castiel would even let him take this, but it gave him something to do with his hands.
Sam padded over on his socked feet to start putting away the groceries that Dean was unpacking.  They worked in silence for a while, moving around the kitchen together almost rhythmically.  They’d been doing this together for years, it made sense that they worked so well together.
“Sam… You could ask her-”  Dean started.
He was lonely.  Cas was fine company if he had to admit it, but he missed hopping in Baby and driving to the local bar. Missed flirting with waiters and waitresses and getting lucky.  Missed just sitting around in silence with other people and watching television. Fuck, maybe he was REALLY lonely.  He shook his head to clear it.  The sun was almost below the horizon now and he needed to get his game face on.
An indeterminate time later found Dean sitting on his bed morosely.  He must have spaced out at some point, because the sun had set significantly since he’d entered the room.
“Go back…”  Sam said in disbelief.
“Dean!  Sam!”  Bobby’s gruff voice called out from the entryway.  “Get down here, idjits!”
“Just a minute.”  Bobby finally spoke.
As expected, Dean didn’t get much sleep that night.  He’d not only gotten used to whatever presence settled him so much in the clay mansion, but knowing that his father was here and absolutely FUMING didn’t help.  He awoke the next morning, groggy and with a massive headache.  He knew that he probably looked like shit, but that matched how he was feeling, so it seemed appropriate.
Castiel frowned at him but didn’t seem to understand that Dean hadn’t meant that seriously.  To his credit, the large bird plowed on regardless of Dean’s little pity party.
Sam shrugged, but Dean knew that he was just as curious if not more so.  He still hadn’t forgotten Sam’s little presentation on Thunderbirds.  The three men had a quiet breakfast together while they waited, and avoided the topic of Dean’s departure.
Bobby rolled his eyes and stood from the table as if that had been too sentimental for him.  “Of course you do.  Now, help an old man make breakfast.  I’ve been catering to you ladies for the last week.  Time to pull your weight!”
Dean nodded to him without meeting his eyes.
A clatter down the hall drew his attention.  He was on guard immediately, but it only took a moment for him to recognize the sound.  “Cas!”  Dean called in excitement.  The bird's talons clicked against the floor, though the pattern sounded a little different than he remembered.  He hurried down the hall, eager to see his companion.  A turn here, a twist there, a sloping hallway and then he was there, standing in front of Castiel’s large feathered form.
Living here was going to be a fucking experience.
No answer.
Castiel had absolutely no opinion on the matter, he was just happy to be included.  He clicked his beak at Dean in agreement and watched as the man pulled his laptop out from under the bed.  He had a box that was attached to it, though he wasn’t sure what it’s purpose was.  Dean settled himself on his bed, in the spot that Castiel slept, though Dean didn’t know that.
Dean blinked stupidly at the creature. What had it done? He glanced down and did a quick inventory of his body. Feet, check. Legs, check. Stomach and chest, check and check. He flexed his fingers and noted absently that his finger didn't hurt anymore. He spared a look at the arm that had been covered in blood only moments before. Only… there was no blood now. And in fact, the deep gouge in his finger was gone as well.  Actually, the cuts across his face felt like they had disappeared as well.
He thought to himself in irritation.  He tucked his hands into his pockets and attempted to look casual.
“I-I want to see you do it.  I want to see you heal Sam before we go.”  This was going to be non-negotiable for Dean.  He would go willingly, but not for nothing.  He wanted assurances that Sam was really going to be okay when he was gone.
“I’m just saying, in case you need it.  And I’ve got the number for the garage written down as well.”
He kept his comments to himself and walked towards the indicated archway.  Sure enough, there was more in this room.  It looked like it was meant to be a bathroom.  There was a sink and what he assumed was a toilet in here, but no shower.  He groaned in dismay.
He thought to himself with an eye roll.
“Ever since your mom… Ever since we lost your mom, I’ve done everything in my power to take care of you and your brother.  It may not have looked like it all the time, but I tried.  I’m not a perfect man, but I did my best to raise you to be a man.”
The boys had grown up in British Columbia for their whole lives, so seeing totem poles dotting the landscapes were as common as the trees.  Frequently topping the giant hand-carved monoliths were native depictions of thunderbirds.  Dean wasn’t all that familiar with the teachings of the First Nations, but the image of the creature itself was one he knew quite well.
Dean followed suit and stood as well.  Honestly, this whole conversation was RICH coming from Sam, who had made ignoring John Winchester an Olympic sport.
Bobby raised an eyebrow at him as he chewed on his burger.  He already wasn’t buying it.  Shit.
Bobby stepped closer to Dean and rested one of his large, rough hands on the man’s shoulders.  They stayed like that for a moment.  Neither of them was very good with words, but they understood each other perfectly.  Dean appreciated the comfort his surrogate father was offering and he relished the feeling of it.  Bobby clapped his comfortingly a few times before stepping away.  He nodded to Dean with an uncomfortable half-smile before nodding his head towards the stairs.
Irritation made an appearance on Sam’s face now.  “Don’t be an ass!  I thought you’d left again, or I’d dreamt you were here or something.”
“It’s been 6 months, you little shit!  We’ve been worried sick!  I’ve got the Hunter network from here to Juarez looking for you.  Hell, John has been driving across the country like a maniac looking for clues on where you ended up.  And then you have the nerve to just pop in like ain’t nothin’ happened?!”
Bobby cleared his throat awkwardly and stared at the three Winchester men in front of him.  “Maybe, we should call ‘er a night?  It’s too late to be screaming at one another, we can save that for breakfast tomorrow.”  The last was added as an attempt to lighten the mood, it didn’t work.
The movie mentioned is called Airheads, and while it's absolutely ridiculous, it's one of my favorites!
Dean thought cruelly.
Cas tilted his head curiously and clicked his beak once at Dean.  He repeated himself word for word while watching Dean’s face with a frown.
Dean blinked suddenly and felt himself blush at being caught.  He waved awkwardly to Cas and trotted towards the entrance to the courtyard.  Cas pulled his wings back against his body and shifted them a few times to get comfortable.  He was still a large bird, but he looked less imposing, and perhaps less beautiful, with his wings pulled in.  It put Dean back at ease as this was the Cas he’d gotten used too over the last few weeks.
“Come on, let’s get going.  I’ll even let you play with the dials on the radio on the way to the hospital!”  Dean said with false cheer.
Dean took the stairs two at a time and landed on the first floor with a thunk of his heavy boots.  A large shadow was cast on the wall from the window set into the front door.
Dean’s thoughts were foggy this morning and he was having trouble concentrating.  And he hated to admit it, but he was missing the simplicity of living with Cas right now.  He always woke rested, cooked healthy (whether he wanted to or not), and the air there was always peaceful.  He was disgusted with himself for missing that damn bird right now.  He was HOME, with his FAMILY!  This is what he’d wanted since the minute he’d left here.  And now… well, it was hard to wrap his mind around.
The wind continued to pick up until the dirt made its way upwards and into his eyes. Dean snapped his eyes closed with a soft cry and covered his face with an arm. Finally, a gust smacked into him so hard that he had to spread his feet quickly to keep his balance. There was silence then and Dean tensed.
Castiel spoke but made no move to leave or even turn around.
“Why don’t we start with something with a simple plot and good music?”  Dean asked once they’d reached his room.  “This movie gets a bad rap because it’s so goofy, but if you just watch it for what it is I promise it’s hilarious.
He nodded to himself in decision before setting back down the hall he’d just come from.  After fifteen or so minutes, a steady clacking sound started drifting down the hall towards him.  He frowned at it in confusion but chose to ignore it for now.  It wasn’t close yet. The longer he walked, the louder it got though, and the more it seemed to pound against his migraine..  Just when he thought that he may have to defend himself against something or someone unknown, he picked out the pattern of the sound.
. Despite himself, Dean smiled as he remembered the conversation he and Cas had had after watching that movie together for the first time.
Dean allowed the feeling of warmth from the statement to settle over his heart.  He would take all the comfort he could get right now.  Tomorrow was going to be one for the books.
They reminisced on things from their childhood and Sam shyly told Dean about the beautiful blonde he’d started seeing from school.  Dean managed to keep his teasing about the whole affair to a minimum.  He was truly happy beyond belief that Sam had finally gotten the courage to ask Jess out after pining away for her for so long.  It was a loud and joyful dinner and Dean’s heart felt lighter than it had in months just being back around his family.  A distant part of his mind tried to remind him that this was only temporary but he buried that for now.  He wasn’t going to let that ruin these new memories he was making.
“Fine.  Food?”
“Is it today?!” He asked, all bright eyed and happy.
Dean felt his brows slam down. To stay with this thing? Where? For how long? To do what? He had a lot of questions and it didn't sound like his buddy Castiel here was going to be giving answers.
Dean inhaled deeply and let the breath out from his lungs slowly.  Finally. Air.
“Ok, great!”  Sam enthused before pulling out a large stack of notes from under the table.
He continued to lay on the ground.  Whatever that had been had shaken him badly.  And whether it was real or in his head, he didn’t know.  He rested his hands on his chest and felt the air entering and leaving his lungs.  He must have had a flip out, nothing was happening out here.  His fucking brain was cracking into pieces, he needed to get it together or they’d be throwing him into a padded room.
Castiel continued walking, not waiting for Dean to follow him.
Sam, like a coward, didn’t offer further explanation.  He simply stepped aside to reveal Dean’s smaller form from behind him.  Dean shot an angry side eye at his brother before offering a sheepish wave to his surrogate father.  “Hey, Bobby.”  He said weakly.
Her form dissipated as soon as it came into contact with the metal.  Dean regained his feet and spun in a quick circle.
Cas finally answered.
“¡Tu presencia profana este lugar!”  She shouted in fury.
When he finally trotted back down the stairs, he had around 2 hours left.  John was sitting silently in the armchair in the living room and Dean gave him a tight smile but didn’t greet him other than that.  John scared him, he always had.  And despite his warnings and threats about Cas, Dean really didn’t want to have a problem today.  Once he was back at the clay mansion he’d have plenty of time to consider his next move.
“Good to have you back, feathers!”  Dean said with a broad grin.
He thought with wide eyes. He didn't give the thing a chance to recover. He followed his first shot with another five. Three to the chest and two to the head. The fucking bird didn't even have the decency to ACT like any of them had an effect.
“Pam...hurry up, I'm not… getting any younger.” Sam wheezed at her from his bed.
He inhaled a deep breath and exhaled slowly.
“Fuck… you…jerk”  Sam mumbled between breaths.
Dean grit his teeth in anger and reached blindly into the trunk for something else. His finger caught the sharp edge of a knife and he ignored the pain that bloomed in the digit in favor of gripping its handle.
Dean seated himself across from Sam at the dark kitchen table.  The two sipped their coffees silently for a few minutes, both lost in their own thoughts.
“No, I’m not.”  Dean answered tersely.
He yawned again and kicked the duffel under the bed.  He crawled unceremoniously onto the large feather mattress and nearly collapsed atop it.  It was so soooooooooft.  He shimmied quickly under the covers and pulled them up under his chin.  He shifted himself from side to side before he was comfortable.  He sighed happily just as the sconces around him clicked off.  The room was plunged into absolute darkness and Dean felt a slight bolt of fear shoot through him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded in response to that.  That was just as well, he hadn’t forgotten Cas’s terrifying request to not be alone with the Winchester patriarch.  On cue, Sam sighed loudly and settled himself down at the table.
“Yes, Sam, go back.  It was part of the agreement.  I could visit for a month, then I have to go back.”  Dean snapped.  He wasn’t angry, he was just so fucking tired of all of this drama.  His homecoming was supposed to be easy smiles, laughter and lots of junk food.  Not all of this melodrama.
An indeterminate amount of time later found Dean holding his position against the car.  He hadn’t moved in what felt like hours and he had no intention of changing that anytime soon.  He was feeling calmer, his breaths coming easier, his mind quieter.  It was a good thing he wasn’t going to work today since it didn’t look like he would be getting any sleep before it was time to head back to the hospital.
“What’s wrong with you…”  He asked suspiciously.
“We're not-” Sam and Dean said in unison before they were cut off with a wave from the doctor.
There was silence for another moment before Cas’s tired voice sounded in his head again.
The thing was still trying to talk to him and Dean shuddered at the sound. The creature's mouth wasn't moving but the sound was still coming loud and clear in his mind and on the wind.
And with that, Cas’s large wing wrapped around him swiftly.  The last thing he saw were Sam and Bobby’s sad expressions before his vision was obscured by large feathers.  Cas swept swiftly into that strange dark space that he used to travel.  Dean could feel the change in the air around them as they moved.  His bag and the box in his arms seemed weightless in this place and he was thankful for that at least.  He pressed his face against the warm feathers of Cas’s breast as they floated through time and space.  Dean could feel warm tears as they burned tracks down his frozen cheeks.
Dean let out the breath he had been holding.  “Fuck, that guy’s weird.”  He mumbled to himself before stepping out of the tub and pulling the plug from the drain.  He made quick work of getting dressed, putting on a pair of worn jeans, a plain t-shirt and his boots.  His clothes stuck uncomfortably to his still damp skin but he ignored it.  He clunked his way down the hall and towards the kitchen just as his stomach let out a low growl.
Dean just shook his head at him.  “I-I gotta go, Bobby.  I gotta get outta here.  I-I-I can’t be here right now.”
Dean thought frantically.  Sam’s coughs had picked up in volume and frequency.  That was what he’d been trying to figure out.  Normally, his breathing treatments made him cough for a while in the evenings but this sound was different.  This was strained and there was a note of pain under each of the gasping breaths he could hear coming from Sam’s room.
Please note that my Spanish is VERY limited.  So if you're looking for the translations and they're bizarre you can blame my dumbass brain.
Cas puffed his wings around him a few times before settling down again.  He looked pensive, which made Dean even MORE doubtful that he had good news.  Christ, was this bird trying to make a joke?  Dean crossed his arms over his chest and raised his eyebrows to urge Cas to continue.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes in irritation.  “Nevermind, it was just a joke.”  He set his glass down a little more firmly than necessary and looked over the available items.  “Alright, how does stir fry sound?”
Dean gave his brother a long suffering scowl, “Sammy…”
“Woah, woah!”  Sam said quickly and raised his hands defensively.  “I checked him out already, it's him!”
It had taken Cas the rest of that day and the next before he was able to move his wing without too much pain.  Dean had been worried that he’d dreamt the whole exchange and that this wasn’t actually going to happen.  He’d tossed and turned at night, having nightmares that Cas would tell him the next day it had been some kind of fucked up joke.  During those dreams, he would come into contact with some warmth next to him in the bed that would always settle him.  He was thankful for it.
Sam shuddered a little at the comment and the two stood there silently for another minute before Sam sniffed loudly and straightened himself.  He wiped fiercely at his eyes while Dean turned to face him.  He was still taken aback by how large Sam had gotten in such a short amount of time.  He looked up to meet his brother’s eyes and nod at him in understanding.
Bobby gave him a strange look but put his hand comfortingly on Dean’s shoulder.  “Of course I will, Dean.  I’ll take care of both of you, always.”
. He thought grimly.
A worn and faded rug lay beside the bed, likely in an attempt to warm up the surroundings.  Though it wasn’t doing a lot in that respect.  And on the opposite side of the room, there was a large copper… tub?  Dean frowned at the object.  He’d seen things like this in old-timey movies and he sincerely hoped it was for decoration.  He was going to have some problems if there wasn’t a functioning shower in this place.
Castiel approached him from behind and looked up at the building before them.  Dean wondered what the strange creature was thinking but he didn’t ask.
Dean thought. He knew that he had blood flowing down his hand and across his arm to drop off of him at his elbow. He must have cut himself worse than he had thought. He could worry about stitches later. Right now, he nee-
He wasn’t sure how to get the bird here.  Cas had just said to call out for him, but yelling the bird’s name into the dry desert air felt strange.  Oh well, the locals already thought this place was haunted so he doubted they would notice shouting coming from the building.  Might as well just go for it!
Dean smiled and sent Cas an image of himself doing a thumbs up.  Hopefully, he got that image.  Though whether he did or didn’t, Cas didn’t say.  But, he was silent after that so Dean assumed their conversation was over.
These thoughts of Sam kept popping up while he wasn’t distracted with making a mental blueprint of the mansion.  They were annoying him and he could feel his irritation itching under his skin.  Once Dean had settled himself in front of the stove, Castiel finally spoke up.
“So, big guy, what now?”
“Fantastic.”  Just what he’d expected but not what he wanted.  “Is there cable or something?”  Dean asked while stuffing his hands in his pockets again.
Dean whistled a jaunty tune to himself as he picked through the ruined structure around him. Cas had dropped him off outside a small village a few hours ago and he was currently getting the lay of the land. He was trying to keep a low profile because the locals spoke Spanish or Portuguese or something and he barely spoke English. Cas had assured him that no one would likely come to this place because it was haunted, so he should be unbothered while he investigated.
His stomach let out a particularly loud grumble the closer he got to the kitchen.  He was starving!  He hadn’t eaten all day and while it had been interesting to wander up and down the hallways and get the lay of the land, he should have paid more attention to his body's cues.  Once in sight of the kitchen, Dean scooted just a little quicker than he had been and entered the room before Castiel.
“So! After Bobby and I realized that you hadn’t like, died in a car crash or gone on a bender or been killed by a shifter or something, I started researching what you’d told me.  You know, after I got over the fact that you were literally missing and I was like Arnold Schwarzenegger overnight.”
“Samm-“  Dean’s question was cut off by a cold bucket of water thrown into his face.  He staggered slightly and blinked in surprise.  Honestly, he should have expected something like this, likely holy water.  “It’s me, Sammy!”
“Well, your savings won’t last forever…”  Bobby hedged politely.  “Besides, you never were one to lounge around needlessly.  You were always moving, always gettin’ into something, even as a boy.”
Dean blushed furiously at that description and rolled his eyes.  “Okay, well that sounded fruity.”  He said in an attempt to deflect attention from himself.  “Anyway!  Now you all have met so it’s probably-“
. He thought a little bitterly.  He ran his hand over his head and felt the tiny droplets of water splash against his cheeks and shoulders as they were displaced from his hair.  He was feeling a little melancholy, which was likely the reason he didn’t notice his father lurking near the edge of the stairs.
He could hear John inhale sharply, likely about to start in on him again, when an angry voice cut him off.
“I see you already got that talkin’ to then.  I’ll save my spiel for tomorrow.”  Bobby muttered under his breath to Sam.
The longer his brother talked, the further up his forehead Dean’s eyebrows crept.  He realized after a time that Sam had finally stopped talking.  He blinked at his brother and shook his head a little in an attempt to clear it.
Dean had only been asleep for what felt like minutes when a noise startled him awake.  It was soft, hardly more than a whisper, but his ears were tuned to notice any irregularities in his surroundings.  He remained still and waited.  After a few seconds, the sound came again.  It was hard to pick out, and if there had been any interference from cars outside or a television downstairs, it probably would have gone unnoticed.
Dean yawned loudly as exited the bathroom one morning.  He’d been a little groggy this morning, but he’d finally started to adjust again to sleeping in his bed.
Sam’s expression hardened slightly and he turned to face Cas.  “Bring him back again, okay?”
“Oh, give it a rest already!”  Sam had puffed up, he was considerably larger than John now, taller and broader, and it was a fairly intimidating display.  “You’re not going to bully him anymore, alright?  Christ, you’re something else, you know that?  Your son just told you he gave up his life and his freedom to heal me of an incurable disease and you want to fucking fight him?”
“Oh, uh, Jess.  Her name is Jess, Jessica.”  Sam smiled shyly and looked back down at his computer.
“Oomph!”  Dean felt the air in his lungs leave him in a rush as he rolled to the side and away from the ghost.  “Lady, chill!”  Dean shouted as he swung an iron bar towards her to protect himself.
Next chapter our sweet babes will reunite!  I wanna say we're about 2/3rds of the way finished with this but I won't because I can't be trusted not to add a shit ton of unnecessary details and dialog.  Love you!
Sam waved him off in irritation.  “Yeah, yeah, I know. Don’t start.”
He’d been here for almost 2 months now, as best as he could tell anyway.  And he was going stir crazy.  He needed to go out and DO something.  He’d been raised as a Hunter and a Caretaker, and now he was just a glorified trophy wife.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bobby huffed at him in irritation and scratched under his ball cap.  “Fine.  What do you want me to know?”
Dean wasn’t quite sure what to do to expend all of this excited energy inside of him.  He jumped up in excitement once and then gave Cas another brief hug.  “This is great!  When can we go?!  I need to pack!”
Castiel said and Dean was pleased to note that he sounded winded.
Bobby hummed thoughtfully at that and they lapsed back into silence.
!!!!!
Dean grinned wide enough that it hurt his cheeks and he practically threw himself at Cas.  The bird was surprised by the sudden attack and uttered an uncomfortable ‘oof!’ as Dean’s arms tightened around his neck.  Tears were still running happily down Dean’s cheeks and he buried his head into the soft feathers of Cas’s neck.
He left Sam to finish his few minutes with his vest while he brushed his teeth.  Sam would be hacking for the next twenty minutes and Dean would stay within earshot to make sure that he got everything out that he could.  Dean still wasn’t sure how Bobby had wrangled the damn vest out of that DME company.  He knew they weren’t cheap, at all.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek in irritation.  Just like the old man, to try and pretend that everything was hunky-dory.  “Super.”  He responded flatly.
“Of fucking course you are.”  Dean muttered to himself.  Castiel probably hunted unsuspecting lizards in the desert down below or something, his stomach likely wouldn’t tolerate bell peppers and tomatoes.  Dean poked around a few of the cabinets before finding the items he needed.
Bobby turned around with a hand on the counter and a coffee mug in the other.  “You know I’ve been tellin’ ya this since you was in diapers, but you gotta learn to slow down!  That instant gratification yer always lookin’ for comes with a price.”  Bobby lifted his eyebrows meaningfully, and Dean assumed he was supposed to read more into the statement than just a comment on drinking coffee too fast.
He’d found that the longer Dean was here, the more he wanted to spend time with him.  At first, it had been a chore to force interactions with the human, he was used to observing, not communicating.  But, Dean had quickly wormed his way beyond Castiel’s exterior and found a space for himself inside his thoughts.  Castiel frequently wondered what Dean was doing, where he was, what he was thinking; it was a strange experience for him.
“I ought to tell you, boy.  I called yer daddy this morning.”  Bobby said with a scratch under his hat.
Dean startled at the sound of Cas’s voice as it carried across the table.  He glanced up to see that the bird’s head was tilted to the side curiously and he was studying Dean like an insect in a jar.
He was held immobile for another few moments before Bobby turned to him expectantly. Right, right, no freaking out now.
Dean was finishing his flossing when he heard the first coughs from Sam ring out through the house.  Dean nodded to himself without thinking about it, right on time.  He moved around the upper floor of their house, where the bedrooms were, lazily.  He should have folded the laundry that had finished running that evening but he just wasn’t that interested in doing it right now.  He found that he was exhausted for some reason.
All eyes turned to the youngest Winchester and Sam gave them all a lopsided grin.  Sam trotted quickly back to the picnic table and grabbed the unopened case of beer with the large red bow on it.  Dean felt a warmth in his chest as Sam brought it back with him sheepishly.  They looked at one another for a moment before Dean took the case from Sam.
Dean rolled his eyes as he felt his heart rate slow down.  “Oh haha, bitch.  Very funny.”
Then Dean made a mistake. And it was one that was going to kill him. He realized it a half a second too late. He had tried to parry right but the wing came at him from the left. Before Dean had a chance to step away, that large first primary touched him gently on the forehead.
“Dean!”  John said with a mouth full of emotion.
Dean cooked himself something simple and savory, not really caring what it was.  Eating dinner without Sam still stung like a dull knife, but he was getting better at coping with it.  He was about halfway through eating when he heard the click of Cas’s talons on the floor outside.  He met the birds eyes levelly, and continued chewing the large bite of food in his mouth.  The two regarded one another for a moment.
They were close to halfway through their time together, though Dean didn’t know that.  It had been a little over 6 months since Dean had come here and they had gotten to know one another very well in that time.  Castiel treasured Dean’s company, the sound of his boots on the clay floors, the way he chewed with his mouth opened, the red/brown beard he’d grown since arriving.  It was all precious to him in a way he couldn’t describe.
He turned awkwardly and met the eyes of his father.  John was only an inch or so taller than him, but for some reason he always seemed to stand like a giant.  Dean eyed the man warily.  He’d been so good about steering clear of his father the last week and a half but now it seemed like he’d backed himself into a corner.  Hopefully, Cas wouldn’t find out.
“S-sure thing, Cas.”  He mumbled quickly.  If he had needed a reminder of the bird’s power, that had been more than effective.
Dean startled a little at the sudden voice in his head.  He was halfway through his burger and another bite was paused midway to his mouth.  He cleared his throat gruffly and set the burger back on his plate.  He wiped greasy fingers on his jeans and looked upwards with a frown.  There was no way this was going to go smoothly.  He shot a look at his dad from the corner of his eye and was disturbed to note that his father was watching him thoughtfully.
He felt his shoulders hitch upwards against his neck and he grit his teeth against the sound.  The ringing was so loud now that Dean was worried he was going to blow out both of his eardrums if it didn’t stop soon.  A scream ripped through his throat as the sound became unbearable.  He felt himself fall forwards and knew that he’d scrapped the shit out of his face on the gravel but that was a secondary concern.  His brain felt like it was fucking melting inside of his head and WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT FUCKING SOUND!
Cas inclined his head towards the man, but didn’t respond other than that.  Dean glanced briefly upwards and was surprised to notice that the sky was beginning to clear of the storm that had been brewing, apparently that HAD been Cas’s doing.  Sam stepped away and stood alongside Bobby again.  He nudged the older man in the ribs gently and Bobby finally snapped out of his solo staring contest with Castiel.
Castiel shuffled towards the door on his large feet.  He didn’t respond to Dean for he knew that Dean was just being dramatic and throwing a “tantrum” as they were called.  He would return soon enough and hopefully with good news for his human.
Dean’s temper snapped then.  Everything he’d been suppressing the whole day finally bubbled to the surface.  He whirled around to face the large bird behind him.  “Listen asshole, you don’t know shit.  You don’t know me, you don’t know my family.  I’m here because I made a bargain.  This isn’t fucking teatime with a bunch of blue-haired old ladies.”  Dean was seething, he hadn’t expected his anger to burn so hotly but he was in it now unfortunately.  “I didn’t ask to be here, so let’s call a spade a spade.  I’m a prisoner here, you’re my warden.  I’m not interested in your placations or flowery words.  I agreed to be here for my brother and that’s the end of it.”
He hurried back inside and tossed on the boots he’d toed off in the entryway when he’d gotten home that evening.  Luckily, he still had his sweats on so he had pockets for all the items he needed to snag.  He grabbed the pill bottles sitting on the kitchen counter and stuffed them into the pockets of his pants.  He grabbed a pair of socks sitting on top of the hamper near their washer and dryer, he doubted that they matched but that didn’t matter right now. Those went into his pockets with the pills.
Dean placed his hands on the arm of the chair he was in and leveraged himself upright. “Lemme guess, he inhaled too much of that product he puts in his hair?” Dean jokes casually with her.
“Ok, back the hell up. You're willing to cure Sam, right?”
He rubbed at his eyes in frustration.
“And how are we supposed to believe that?”  John snapped from his position near the house.  His hand was rested on a large gun sitting in a holster at his hip.  He finally approached them with a furious scowl on his face.  “You flap in with your pretty words and empty promises…. All I see is a monster I need to protect my sons from.”
“Hmm.”  Bobby responded noncommittally.
Dean ran a rough hand through his hair and sighed heavily.  He had been looking forward to bed, but it didn’t look like he’d been sleeping anytime soon.  He had too much to do right now.  He reached into his pocket as he made his way slowly out of the ER doors and to the Impala where it sat idling patiently.  First, he needed to call Bobby.
Dean smiled at her fondly. Pam had been Sam's doctor for the last 10 years and they'd grown fairly close in that time. It was no secret that she loathed John Winchester and Dean wasnt surprised to hear a snipe from her at his expense. He would be offended but… well, she wasn't wrong. They were Singers just as much as they were Winchesters and Dean wasn't ashamed of that.
Cas tilted his head thoughtfully and shuffled on his large feet.
“I’m bored.”  He said simply.
They were on top of a fucking cliff!  Or more accurately they were INSIDE of a fucking cliff.  The building was built into the side of a mountain, and Dean hadn’t even realized.  He peeked nervously towards the edge that he had almost stepped off of.  The drop down turned his stomach, it was over 100 feet down easily.  He slammed his eyes shut and attempted to ground himself against the building at his back.
“The good news is that we’ll be able to treat the infection.”  Pam continued in a cheerier voice.  “This won’t be your last visit with us, and frankly I’m glad for that.  How else am I gonna flirt with your brother and Bobby here if you suddenly up and keel over unexpectedly?”  She winked at Sam but Dean noticed her smile was a little sad.
Dean was about two seconds from griping at Castiel about their destination, when the large bird stopped.  In front of Castiel was a room, larger than the ones Dean had seen so far.  And surprisingly, this one WAS furnished.  Though, that may be a stretch of the term.
Sam couldn’t enroll in the university full-time, but he audited as many classes as he was able and he learned as much as he could.  He may not have time to become a lawyer, but he was insistent that he would do something to help.  So, he learned for now and he told Dean all about it.  Dean had never been more proud of anything than he was of Sam’s drive.
Sam mumbled something under his breath and rolled onto his side, facing Dean.
He brushed his teeth quickly and peed in the bizarre toilet.  It did flush though, so that was nice.  He wasn’t living in luxury but he definitely wasn’t roughing it here either.  He yawned widely and debated his options.  He was staring into his open duffel with a frown.  Did he change into sweats?  Or go to bed in his clothes?
Dean stepped around the bird and made his way to the large bed.  He dumped his duffel on the rug and pressed a firm hand against the mattress.  It seemed to engulf his skin and Dean was surprised to realize that there were feathers inside of the mattress.  Yet another old-timey item and he frowned at a disturbing thought.
“Going away party!”  They said in unison before laughing quietly.
“Cas!  Man, what the Hell!”  Dean snapped angrily.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen your wings totally outstretched before!”  He said with a grin.
“Cas!  I can’t believe this!  I get to go see Sam and Bobby?”
She pinned him with a hard stare. “Hold on, sugar.” She frowned at the paperwork in her hand before comparing it to the readouts on the large monitors on either side of Sam's bed. She chewed her lower lip thoughtfully before closing the chart and placing it gently near Sam's feet.
He never could seem to get a good deep breath in the city.  Van was a nightmare on a good day, that’s why they lived outside the main drag of the city.  He inhaled again and let the air settle into his lungs.  A cool summer breeze drifted in through his open window and he turned his face towards it.  The forest wouldn’t judge him for a mini breakdown.  He could let the wind soothe his fears, he could let the trees see his sadness, the birds and the insects could hear his shaking breaths and quiet curses.  The forest would take that from him so he didn’t have to shoulder the burden of it all alone.
“Same deal as usual?” She asked Sam evenly.
That shut Dean up pretty quickly. Was his freedom worth Sam's life? That answer was easy. An emphatic yes. And so what if this thing ate him later? If it cured Sam… if Sam could go on and live the life Dean always wanted for him. Dean would pay any price.
Cas’s pop culture education, as Dean called it, was progressing slowly.  He had no frame of reference for jokes or material and most, if not all, of it had to be explained to him.  Since watching the movie Airheads, Cas had been introduced to a number of movies from Dean’s teenage years as well as some of his favorite music.  Putting aside the historical inaccuracies of Encino Man, and the scientific impossibility of something like Biodome, Cas found that he was enjoying himself.  Dean seemed to enjoy the older slapstick style comedies, with simple plots and dirty jokes.  They weren’t difficult to follow and once Cas understood that he was supposed to just ENJOY them for what they were and not point out their inaccuracies, he decided he liked them too.
“Cas!”
Dean thought in irritation.  He hadn’t meant to let that slip.
It was a system the boys had devised with Bobby after a few near misses with John. Doctors were reluctant to tell Sam or Dean exactly what was happening, likely to try and spare them any fears as young boys, but it had nearly killed Sam more than once.
If he was being honest it was strange, but he assumed it was just because this was a wholly new experience.  He shifted his wings against his back and settled down further on his feet.  He was as comfortable as he ever got, he supposed, and it was nice being so close to Dean.  They were close enough that they could be touching if one of them shifted even slightly.  It gave him a thrill he couldn’t explain.
The creatures brow furrowed at his new stance and Dean prepared himself for an attack. The bird only tilted its head to the side though and Dean tightened his hold on the knife. “Would you just fucking attack me already!?”
“Yes, you were.”  Dean answered firmly.  “And I would do it again in a heartbeat.”
Castiel tilted his head at him as if judging him for a moment.
“You know why, Sammy.”
There was a long silence between the two of them before Dean broke it with a soft request.  “Promise you’ll take care of him.”
Cas shuffled his wings against his back impatiently.  There were no clocks in the mansion but he had a perfect sense of it within his mind.  He was going to pick Dean up today, and for some reason that filled him with a strange combination of emotions.  He hadn’t considered when he’d dropped the man off, that he would miss his presence so strongly.  He’d been alone for millenia.  He had gotten used to his solitary life long ago and had made a certain peace with it.  But after a mere six months with Dean he found that his solitude was almost unbearable now.  He frequently found himself wandering about the empty halls of the mansion, musing to himself about what Dean could be up too.
“Hey, buddy!”  Dean said, a little more enthusiastically than necessary.
“Well, I never asked you to do that!”  Sam shot back at him.
“Nothing, bitch!  I’m fine, maybe you can’t see with all that hair in your face!” Dean snapped at him defensively.
The sentence trailed off as if the creature was unsure of how to explain itself. Dean felt a lip curl as it spoke.
“Mornin’ old-timer!”  Dean greeted him with his rough morning voice.  He coughed slightly to clear his throat.
Obviously, he knew how large Cas was.  He saw him everyday, but he wasn’t sure he’d ever really seen him with his wings out like this.  They were beautiful.  Varying shades of black and grey, tipped here and there in white.  As he watched, Cas flexed the wings this way and that, as if sunning himself.  Dean could see that the feathers on the inside were white with dark bands of grey and black near the ends.  The small feathers around the tops of the wings fluffed up suddenly and Dean was surprised to see that Cas had suddenly become fluffy.
Castiel’s steps faltered for a moment and he blinked in surprise at Dean.
The bird's shoulders hunched upwards and it ducked its head down.
Bobby frowned at the paper, but looked it over and listened as Dean explained everything.  There was more to go over than he had realized, he’d been doing all of this for so long that it just felt natural now.  He’d spent hours compiling all of this information and he was hoping that he hadn’t forgotten to include anything.  But if he had, he didn’t doubt that Bobby and Sam could figure it out together.
Dean approached with his glass and looked at the table in confusion.  “What’s all this stuff?”
He and Bobby walked behind her quietly until she stopped by a closed glass door with “313” in large numbers on it. She gave them another tight smile.
Normally, she would laugh politely at his joke before escorting them to Sam's room. This time however, she simply gave him a tight smile before gesturing behind her down the hall.
Dean thought with an eye roll.  At least Bobby hadn’t managed to stab him first and ask questions later.
“We good?”  Dean asked him kindly.
“Yeah, you too!”  He snapped back.
Cas tilted his head in the opposite direction and gave Dean a bemused look.
Dean glanced at his father expectantly.  He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, “be careful, son”, “love you”, but none of that was John’s style.  Instead, John tilted his jaw upwards and looked at Dean and Cas as if they had personally both betrayed him.
“I’ve got all your paperwork and the doctor’s number here in this binder on the kitchen table too.”  Dean continued.  He could feel his throat tightening as he spoke.  This was going to be more difficult than he had anticipated.  Sam was ignoring him, but Dean plowed on regardless.  “There’s emergency money inside the tin under the loose floorboard on the stairs.  The keys to the Impala are here on the counter.  And-”
Dean had no idea what Cas did when he wasn’t around, he couldn’t even begin to speculate what a giant bird could have to do to keep himself busy but there must have been something.  Other than mealtimes, he didn’t see him too much.  Occasionally, he would ask Cas to recharge his computer so he could continue to watch the movies he’d saved to his external harddrive and play the games he could play offline.  Cas had been interested in what Dean did on his computer, but he was polite enough not to pry.
He swallowed anxiously and took a sip of his scalding coffee.  He focused on the feeling of the drink as it burned his tongue.
“You… look terrible.”  Sam’s wheezing voice called to Dean as he entered his hospital room.  Dean rolled his eyes at his brother.  Yeah, he knew he looked like shit.  He hadn’t managed to get any sleep before he’d come back and his brain was filled with thoughts of giant birds and miracle cures.
Dean gave him a bewildered look.  He hadn’t seen his dad for months prior to his leaving with Cas in the first place.  The chances that John would even be around during the month that Dean was there were slim to none.  If that was Cas’s only request, that wasn’t a problem.  Dean shrugged good naturedly and smiled.
The two of them tried to talk over one another for a few more minutes before the sound of the back door clanging open drew their attention.  Heavy boots and the wrinkling of bags could be heard from the kitchen and Dean and Sam looked towards the sound.
Bobby spluttered indignantly for a moment, still trying to gripe at Dean, before he gave up the macho act.  Hiis rough hands lifted quickly and he gripped Dean around the ribs tightly.  He buried his face into Dean’s shoulder and Dean smiled at the feeling of his rough stubble against his neck..  “You damn idjit!”  He muttered into the fabric of Dean’s shirt.
“Early afternoon.”  Sam responded without much inflection.  He wasn’t happy, but he didn’t have much reason to be.
“Yes.  I can only watch Detroit Rock City so many times.”
He glanced up with a frown at the creature before him. Confusion muddled his features and he forgot that he was supposed to be angry. “What-what ARE you?” He asked with a note of awe in his voice.
Dean snapped into mother mode immediately.  He side-stepped Cas and began to run his fingers gently up and over the muscles of the bird's wing.  Cas gave him a feeble protest that was ignored and eventually he settled himself and allowed Dean to look him over.  It took only a moment for Dean to pinpoint the issue.  The joint holding Cas’s left wing to his back seemed to be dislocated.  He prodded the area gently and frowned when Cas groaned in pain.
A loud sound split the air then. Dean startled suddenly before tensing and tightening his hold on his gun. It was coming. Whatever it was.
“Use that flashlight on your phone and do some searching at night when you’re back there.  Figure out what it is this creature is after and what it’s doing.  Then kill the son of a bitch.”  From his side, John pulled out a wicked looking blade.  “This should be easy enough to conceal, the blade is made of iron coated in pure silver and blessed by a holy man.  Whatever your bird is, this should do the trick.”
Dean smiled at him again and rolled his eyes at the bird.  He was a strange one, but Dean liked to think he was finally starting to understand him a little.  “Night, Cas!”  He said with a wave over his shoulder as he walked from the room.
There was a hum through the air, as if the thing was making a loud considering sound.
Eventually, he had the idea to stop by the courtyard.  He turned down a hallway and meandered easily towards the wide courtyard in what he assumed was the center of the mansion.  He realized it had been a good guess when he passed a window facing into the sunlit area.  He could see Cas standing in the center of the circular open-air room, with both his wings stretched out as far they could go.  It was an impressive sight and Dean paused to marvel at the sheer size of the bird.
“Why am I here, Cas?  What on Earth could you possibly need me for?”  Dean asked in exasperation.  The question had been burning through him for weeks and though he doubted the bird had a satisfactory answer, it couldn’t hurt to ask.
“Don’t JOHN me!  I ought to knock your fucking teeth in, Dean!  What were you thinking?!”  John had finally stood from his chair and was towering over Dean with a look of abject fury on his red face.
He heard his father’s weight shift forward and he glanced at the man anxiously.  John was sitting on the edge of his seat and watching Dean with calculating eyes.  He laced his fingers together and rested his chin on them.  Dean swallowed convulsively.
The feathers on the creature’s head fluffed slightly before settling again. It shuffled once on its disturbingly large feet and Dean eyed the razor sharp talons as they crunched the ground underfoot.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He said you’d been talking about a giant bird coming to miraculously heal him.  Which I would call bullshit on if he weren’t in front of me looking like he’d just competed in Mr. Universe.”  Bobby replied flatly.
Dean took a deep breath and released it with a huff.  This was going to be a fucking nightmare.
Dean was a little uncomfortable to discover that that firm command of Castiel’s voice had caused a shiver to run through him.  Goosebumps peppered his arms; he’d never heard Cas speak like that before.
Pam took another quick glance at the monitor’s around Sam’s bed before nodding to them all with a half smile.  “I’ll be back in a few hours to check on you, Sam.  You two,”  she turned to Dean and Bobby, “get home and get some rest.  Sam will be fine here, he needs some sleep too.  And I don’t doubt that you’ll be giving him a tongue thrashing about taking care of himself, but save it for the morning.  He’ll likely fall asleep half way through at this point and that takes all the fun out of reprimanding someone.”
He wasn’t nearly smart enough to debate that topic.  Which was why he was so uncomfortable with the position he now found himself in.  He huffed in irritation and slammed a fist down against his mattress.  What the hell was he supposed to do?!  Disgusted with himself, he threw his covers off of him and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  He rested his elbows on his knees and his forehead in his upturned palms.
“Tomorrow, jerk.”  Sam wheezed.
Dean eyed Cas in disbelief.  Considering the state of the bird’s health once he’d returned, Dean found it hard to believe that he could have any kind of good news.  Unless it was some strange Cas version of good news, like “the wild marmot population of New Guinea has moved out of endangered status” or something equally as bizarre.  It was hard to tell with Cas but Dean listened politely to him nonetheless.
The doctors had told them they were lucky...  Dean didn’t feel particularly lucky.  It was true that Sam’s life expectancy was years longer than what it could have been. But, he was 22 now and Dean had watched in dismay as year by year, Sam’s health deteriorated.  He knew that Sam wasn’t going to get to live into old age, he likely wouldn’t even get to touch on middle age.
Cas turned his large head to look directly in Dean’s eyes.  He studied him for a moment before the small feathers along his neck and head puffed up suddenly.  Dean blinked in surprise but Cas quickly shook himself and the feathers settled back down.
“Your classmate, what’s her name?”  Dean continued smoothly.
She turned an eye to both Bobby and Dean at that last part.  They all knew what Sam’s prognosis was, and no matter what doctor they had talked to, Sam never came out on top.  He was dying, it was just slow.  And from the sounds of it, Sam had been lying to them for the last couple of weeks about his health.  Dean had been so busy… he should have been paying more attention.  Shit.
He was in Sam’s room before he even realized he’d started moving.  He was at Sam’s side the next instant.  Sam was hunched over the edge of the bed, his vest still half strapped across his chest, and he had a hand pressed against his mouth tightly.  He had been trying to muffle the sound like an idiot and Dean filed that away so he could yell at him for it later.
“Going away party!”  Sam repeated and laughed as Dean tossed some of the soft powdered snow at him.  “You’re hard to shop for!  But we know you like beer and burgers.”
The trees seemed to shudder as the sound of flapping shook their leaves. Dean frowned at that. A bird? The sound grew steadily louder until the air was moving around him in a whirlwind. Dirt and twigs swirled around his legs and he had to squint his eyes to be able to see. What the fuck?
“Everything okay?”  Dean asked with a cruel smirk.
“Are you really okay there, Dean?  I mean, really?”  Sam asked quietly.
He needed a good lay.
He had shaken his head a couple of times to try and clear it before walking back swiftly to the ER doors.
He gulped against a painful throat and hung his head.  Mary had been gone for a long time.  John could be dead now for all he knew.  Sam would be dead soon.  Dean would cease living when that happened.  It wouldn’t be long before there weren’t any Winchesters left…
Dean gave his brother another stern look before he began pulling things from the bags and setting them on the counter.  Sam didn’t normally neglect his treatments like that, Dean wondered what could have distracted him.  He kept his peace for now though, Sam looked a little too weak to be dealing with an Inquisition at the moment, but he would be bringing it up later for sure.
Castiel responded gravely, as if they were scheduling plans to attend a funeral.
Dean hadn’t been able to sleep the night before.  He’d been tormented all night with thoughts of that stupid bird coming back and taking him away to be some sort of cryptid sex slave.  Worse than that though, were the thoughts that Castiel WOULDN’T come back and that Dean had hallucinated the whole thing.
His father gestured at Dean’s bed with a large hand and a calm smile.
“Bobby…”  Sam began quietly.  If Sam’s reaction to Dean had been violent, it wouldn’t be anything compared to Bobby’s.  Sam had a Hunter’s knowledge, but Bobby was seasoned in the field and wouldn’t be so easily won over.
“Cas?”  He asked cautiously.  Something wasn’t right.
Dean eyed the situation nervously.  Could he leave them all like this in some kind of high noon shootout situation?  John and Bobby looked positively murderous and Sam was looking more and more uneasy the longer Dean assessed the situation.  Dean apparently hesitated for a moment too long though because just as he opened his mouth to protest, Cas snapped at him again.
Castiel looked affronted from his position at the door and Dean watched in amusement as the feathers around his neck and wings puffed up in irritation.  “Guess not.”  Dean muttered under his breath with a smirk.  Castiel was REALLY easy to rile up, that would be entertaining if nothing else.
A high-pitched ringing entered his ears then and he shook his head slightly to try to clear the sound from his head.  The noise only seemed to get louder though and Dean frowned against it.  He looked around wildly for the source and clapped a hand over one ear in an attempt to drown it out.  That had little to no effect and Dean realized that the noise was starting to get painful.  He shifted his weight backwards so he could place his other hand against his ear as well.
“I’ve got to put this back in place.  Do you… are your bones like, hollow?  Am I gonna break one if I apply pressure?”  Dean asked seriously.  This needed to be set, but he didn’t want to make the situation worse.
“Remember what I said, Dean.”  John said levelly and without much emotion.
. Dean thought absently.
“Would you give me a minute so I can change?”  Dean bit out.
“You hungry, old timer?  I’m making burgers tonight!”  Dean said, a casual smirk on his face.  The change in him was sudden and it made Bobby more suspicious than ever.  He didn’t comment on Dean’s behavior though.  One of Bobby’s best and worst traits was that he didn’t harass you for information.  So, Dean marked another box off his to-do list and they ate a final dinner together as a family.
John seated himself in the chair Bobby had previously occupied and looked at his sons expectantly.  Dean gulped nervously but there wasn’t much to be done now, John expected an explanation.  He put on a brave face and smiled tightly at his father.  Fuck.
He reached over and adjusted the knobs on the side of the tub.  Water splashed immediately into the basin and Dean sat on his heels in surprise.  “Okay, so that’s not so bad.”  He muttered to himself.  The water was uncomfortably hot and he adjusted the knobs a little more until it was a reasonable temperature.  Thank God for small mercies, at least there was hot running water here.  He placed a stopper into the drain and gave it a minute to fill.  Dean would never admit it, but he was more high maintenance than he had any right to be.  He cast an anxious eye towards his open doorway and frowned.  Maybe he could tack up a sheet later or something?  But did he really need to protect his modesty from a giant bird?
“Where the fuck is that bird?”  He muttered quietly to himself.
A quiet shuffling echoed behind him and he started to turn around only to be stopped by large hands wrapping around his waist.  Dean froze in surprise, facing the sink.  Behind him, Sam had creeped up to wrap himself around his older brother and was squeezing him gently.  Dean almost cracked a wise comment, until he noticed the slight tremor in Sam’s arms.  He frowned and hung his head slightly.
“Sammy and Jess, sitting in a tree!  K-I-S-S-I-N-G, first comes love, then comes marriage, then comes-”  Dean stopped immediately at the bitter look on his brother’s face.  He frowned, normally teasing like this gave him a pissy look on his face and he’d throw a pillow at Dean or something.  The Sam before him now looked angry and worn down.
He tapped his foot in irritation at himself and crossed his arms in front of him.  He could work this out.  It was just a puzzle, like a temple in Zelda.  First, he needed to retrace his steps so that he could get back on the same floor as his room and the kitchen.  Once down there, he would make a judgement call.
Dean was brushing his teeth in the kitchen and eyed Castiel suspiciously.  The two regarded one another silently for a moment before Dean spit in the sink and washed out his mouth.  “What’s up, Doc?”
Dean frowned at that in thought.  “Is that why it feels so weird when you carry me places?  We aren’t flying, we’re like hopping between reality and whatever the other place is?”
Dean sat heavily in a chair next to Sam’s bed and he rested his forehead in his hands.  Sam was an adult and he knew better than to keep things related to his condition to himself.  He likely was just trying to save Dean some heartache, though the logic of that wasn’t completely there.  It wasn’t often that the brothers had these heart-to-heart moments.  But, with everything that had happened, Dean’s panic attack and his late night/early morning conversation with a possibly imaginary bird monster… He needed to be frank with his brother.
Dean was too excited to even notice the passage of time, only that it was taking forever!  He couldn’t believe he was being allowed to see Sam and Bobby.  He had all but resigned himself to living in that clay Hell for the rest of his miserable life.  But, if Cas was willing to let him out for playdates!  Well, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad after all.  Hopefully this wasn’t a one time thing.  He refused to even consider that actually.  Cas wasn’t so cruel hearted.  Actually, despite being a little odd, Cas was really tender hearted.  Dean had grown to like him and the evenings they spent together despite himself.
He finally lifted his head and met his brother’s warm hazel eyes.  This was more emotion than the two of them had shown one another in years and it was painfully obvious that both of them weren’t ready for it.
Dean thought bitterly.
Dean ran his hands over the area gently to assure himself that all was back in its proper place.  The feeling of his calloused fingertips running along the tender skin of his wing made Cas shudder involuntarily.  Dean stilled immediately.  “Did that hurt?”
The tears were flowing freely from him now and he hated himself for the weakness.
“Night, son.”  Bobby called out after him.
It took him a few minutes, but eventually he calmed himself down enough to respond to Cas’s question.  “I guess if those are my options, then yes.”  He finally managed to gasp out.
Bobby eyed the two brothers silently for a moment before throwing his hands in the air in defeat.  “Fine, fine, but if he turns into a lizard and eats you in the middle of the night, I don’ wanna hear about it!”
Dean opened his mouth to ask “where” but the creature had already spread it’s enormous wings. He was startled at their absolute vastness. They had to be at least fifteen feet across and Dean felt immediately cowed by their size. They pumped up and down a few times before the damn thing actually lifted from the ground. Dean used an arm to shield himself from the debris that was being kicked up by the amount of wind that was being generated.
“Home a day and already expecting to be waited on!”  Bobby groused but he was already rising from his seat at the table.  “Better let me tend to you there, princess.  If we let this one cook,” here he gestured in irritation at Sam, “he’s liable to just go get some grass clippings from outside and call it gourmet.”  Bobby overemphasized the word “gourmet” until it was almost a different word altogether.
Dean shifted in his seat uncomfortably.  “I’ll tell you everything I can.”  He said evenly.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  “I am.  Really.  I know it’s odd, but Cas is nice, I would even call him a sort of friend… I mean, I’m bored out of my mind most of the time, but I’m okay.  I’m safe.”  Before speaking with John, Dean could have said all of this with confidence, there was a seed of doubt in his mind now though.  But, Sam didn’t need to know that.
The sky overhead had darkened considerably and Dean frowned as he watched a bank of clouds roll across the sun.
“Cas!  This is great!  Thank you!”  Without thinking much of it, Dean nearly vaulted himself over the table to wrap his arms around the large creature.  He buried his face deep in the feathers around Cas’s neck and squeezed him as hard as he could.
Sam’s eyes narrowed at him.  “Are you having a stroke?  What the hell is wrong with you?”
“Motherfucker.”  Dean said quietly.  “Sammy, try to calm down, ok?  I’m gonna get some things together, we gotta go to the hospital.”  Dean ran a hand through his brother’s hair and took a calming breath himself.
He plated his food once he was satisfied that the chicken had cooked enough.  He may be angry, but he didn’t want to be angry and have salmonella on top of it.  He refused to look at Castiel as he stomped his way to the table and took a seat.  He bit into his food without waiting for it to cool, which burned his mouth and caused his irritation to double.  His lip curled and he took a large swallow from his water only to discover that it was now empty and he needed to refill it.
“Dean…”  Sam started but shook his head.  “Dean, what in the actual fuck are you talking about?  Are you being serious?”
They cooked and ate meals as a dysfunctional family, Dean and Sam played video games together on their old Nintendo, Dean helped Bobby with calls from the Hunter network.  It was lazy and peaceful, and yet somehow the time seemed to fly by.  Dean had even decided to shave after some relentless teasing from Sam, which only got worse when he nicked himself several times through the process.  Sam regaled him with shy talk of his dates with Jessica and Bobby told him about the screw ups that had taken his place at the garage.  It was wonderful and Dean enjoyed every minute of it.
Dean left his bag in the room.  He doubted he had much to worry about here.  The worst they were likely to get in here were other large birds, though not as large as Castiel he hoped.  He had a thought then.  His boots thunked loudly in the hallway as he followed after Castiel.  This place was HUGE.  And yeah, he’d only ever seen Castiel, but that didn’t mean there weren’t other creatures here.  Fuck, was there like a whole bird colony living in this thing?  Was he about to stumble across a bunch of them nesting or something?  Just because he doubted that Castiel would eat him, didn’t mean any other creatures would treat him the same way.
He was blushing, he always did when he was embarrassed.  He ran an awkward hand against the back of his neck.  “Thank you, Cas.”  He mumbled.  “This means a lot.”
Dean nodded to himself.  That was just as well, he doubted he could handle Sam’s tears right now anyway.  He clapped his brother on the shoulder lightly a few times.  It wasn’t much of a goodbye, but it was the Winchester version of one.
“Now you-“  John’s face turned an alarming shade of red and he took a furious step forward.
“Alright, Dean, I need to hear everything!”  John said with a grin.  “I’ve been all across the damn country looking for you!”
Dean perked up immediately at that.  “Burgers?”  He asked hopefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So… I’m not really sure where I’ve uh, been.”  He started inelegantly.  He was sitting with his shoulders hunched slightly and his head hung down.  Shit, he should have practiced this before showing up here.  He’d had like three days to prepare!
He watched the stars in silence for a time.  Just being out here was easing the pain in his chest and he allowed his thoughts to wander.  He hadn’t had a panic attack that bad in a long time.  Even now, his hands shook and he felt a little light-headed.  But, he was coming down from it and for that he was grateful.  He would have to come up with an explanation for Bobby, damn old bastard wouldn’t ever let anything slide.
The three men settled at the dining room table, groceries forgotten and abandoned in various states of unpacking.  Bobby and Sam were looking at Dean expectantly and Dean swallowed nervously.  He hadn’t really checked with Cas on what he could and couldn’t reveal.  It would obviously be best to err on the side of caution.  He could make something up, but he doubted Bobby would believe some bullshit, the man was like a human lie-detector.
“When’s your bird coming?”  Bobby asked unceremoniously as he entered the kitchen an hour or so later.
Dean wondered with a frown.
And with that, he grabbed his duffel and ducked neatly under Cas’s outstretched wing.  He was so excited to finally be able to see his brother that his only thoughts during their bizarre interdimensional space flight were of home.  As such, he was woefully unprepared for the change in temperature.
Sam grinned at him broadly.  “That’s James Bond’s car, right?”  Sam’s eyes grew distant as he thought.  “Man, I bet that was cool.”
. Cas asked as he shuffled himself down the hall.
Bobby sighed in exhaustion.  The fact that these boys hadn’t been the death of him years ago was a small miracle.  He watched as Sam crashed around the corner of the kitchen to chase after Dean for some sort of slap fight.  He rolled his eyes Heavenward and rubbed tiredly at a spot under his cap.
The voice said and Dean knew he was losing it now because the voice sounded almost… sad.
Dean jumped slightly but quickly moved to obey.  He ignored the part of him that shivered again at Cas giving him commands.  He bolted into the house and moved swiftly to get his duffel.  He was SO happy that he’d packed earlier.  He paused for a moment before grabbing the bag.  The knife John had given him sat on top, looking for all the world as innocent as possible.  Dean hadn’t packed it, but he hadn’t put it away either.  He was still conflicted on what to do…. He trusted Cas, right?  But, would it be so bad to have it, just in case?  Dean shook his head back and forth as he thought.
Dean waved him off, but proceeded to blow carefully on the mug in his hand.
After a short time, Dean realized that despite the strange and bizarre situation he found himself in, he was bored.  He didn’t want to think too much about Sammy right now, or Bobby’s reaction when he realized that Dean was gone.  Those would be painful, and he’d rather be bored than hurt.
“Front door.”  He answered gruffly.  He was feeling emotional all of a sudden and was doing his best to tamp it down.
Dean startled and looked around himself in confusion.  His heart pounded furiously and he tensed as he scanned the room critically.  He’d just heard Cas’s voice but judging by Bobby and Sam’s reaction, they hadn’t.  <>Fuck, I hope you’re talking to me and I’m not going bonkers.. Dean thought cautiously.
It was several hours later and Dean was staring out of one of the windows tucked into an outer wall.  This place had no business being this fucking massive.  He’d thought he had been going back towards the entrance to the building, not that he wanted to see the edge of the cliff again, but to help with his mental map.  Apparently, he’d missed a turn or something.  Since it was currently daytime, the sun seemed to light the halls well enough.  Though, Dean did notice sconces built into the walls that would likely illuminate once night had fallen.  Similar sconces had been in his bedroom and adjoining bathroom.  This place didn’t seem to have electricity, so what powered the lights he didn’t know.  Probably Cas’s mojo magic or whatever.
Bobby approached them cautiously, eyes watching Cas warily.  When he reached them, he finally extended a hand to Dean and Dean clasped it firmly.  “Take care of yourself, son.”  He said earnestly.  Dean smiled at him and nodded in agreement.  Bobby turned narrowed eyes back on Cas.  “We want him back, ya hear?  In the same condition he’s leaving in.”
Dean held still while Bobby performed a number of tests on him.  Cutting him with silver, dousing him with holy water, the whole gamut.  It was when Bobby started mumbling about finding some lamb’s blood that Sam had finally had enough.
Dean took another bite of his food and continued on with a full-mouth.  His manners were absolutely deplorable but it was charming in a strange way.  It was late, sometime near morning, and Dean had yet to go to sleep, which meant that Castiel had yet to go to sleep.  Sleep!  What a horrible concept.  He was a cosmic being of untold power!  And now he had to sleep.  It had been a novelty at first, until he’d learned that his sleep had rules associated with it.
“You shut your mouth, boy. God willing I'll be in the grave before that and the two of you can wear veils and cry at my funeral. Now, enough of the morbid boo-hoos.” Bobby said in his usual no nonsense tone.
Bobby frowned at that and tapped an agitated finger on the kitchen table.  “That’s all well and good, boy.  But, WHERE have you been?”
“Don’t start on me, boy.  We deserve some answers.”  Bobby snapped at him.
The creature pulled its wing back in a jerking motion before continuing its movement from before. Dean hacked and slashed upwards feverishly, once or twice he knew he came into contact with the meat of the things arm but it never reacted beyond a tilt of its head. Was this thing fucking immortal? What the hell!
He stood furiously and pointed an accusatory finger at his brother.  “I wasn’t allowed to leave and I wasn’t allowed to contact you!  There were rules and conditions to this healing thing.  And you know what, I did this for you, you little shit!  I had no idea what I was walking into, I was sure I was going to be some sex slave for Big Bird.  I’d resigned myself to that because he’d promised to heal you.  And you know what, I’d agree to it again!  Seeing you now, I don’t feel bad AT ALL!  So sorry your feelings got hurt, but you can use your fucking dinner plate sized hands and Hulk Hogan arms to wipe away your tears!”
She gave him a wry smile before her face became serious again. They had instituted a policy pretty early on in Sam's care with his healthcare providers and Pam specifically. They wanted good news and bad news, bad news was always first and always delivered with brutal honesty, no sugar coating. Good news was given after to soften the blow.
“Like I would ever.”  Sam said, mostly to himself.
The doctor laughed at him prettily. “You three are too much. I know the charts say “Winchester” but I have a hard time believing it when I haven't seen John here in over 5 years. Nope, sorry kiddos, you're Singer’s to me.”
They talked and laughed until the early hours of the morning.  Bobby had excused himself earlier to nap in the living room.  Dean didn’t comment on the fact that the old man had opted not to go home, but he was glad that Bobby hadn’t left.  He and Sam talked until Sam physically couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer.  Dean laughed at him but finally sent him to bed.
That surprised Sam.  He blinked at Dean in disbelief for a few times before shaking his head to clear it.  “Very funny, Dean.”  He said dismissively.
It hurt Castiel to keep Dean from his family, and he longed to tell Dean that it was only temporary.  He was bound by the terms of his curse though and he physically COULDN’T tell Dean that his confinement would be over in another six months.  He could only hope that they both could manage until that time.
“Uh, sure.  Whatever, Cas.”  He attempted to blow off the question.  He didn’t have the brainpower to deal with that right now.  He had no idea what time it was, how long they’d flown, where they even were.  When had he last eaten?  Was Sam awake yet?  Had he and Bobby realized that Dean was- nope, gonna stop that right there.
Cas blinked his large eyes and nodded his head at each of them in turn by way of greeting.
Dean rubbed a hand against the back of his head and searched for the right words to say.  “I uh, I’m not going back to the garage…”
He wasn’t sure what time it was.  Not that it really mattered in this place, with everything blending together inside the clay walls of his new home.  But, he liked to have an idea, it made him feel more in control of what was going on here.  He wasn’t feeling particularly hungry at the moment, he’d eaten just a few hours ago.  Cas had told him to find him when he’d gotten up so it looked like he was going on a bird hunt!
Dean looked up in irritation.  “Ok, I know this sounds crazy, just give me a damn minute.”  He snapped at the two men.  Both looked at him with pursed lips and raised eyebrows and he rolled his eyes in response.
But for right now, he would just listen to the trees and he would look at the stars and he would breathe.
“Okay, and get this!  So after I burned the bones-”  Dean continued recounting the events of the night.  He’d been going over it for the last few hours and Cas listened just as intently this time as the last few times.  Dean was happy, that much was obvious, and that made him happy.  If he had known something as simple as a ghost hunt would bring the look of joy to the man’s face, he would have suggested it weeks ago.
So, he took a deep breath and laid it all out for him.  He skipped the crying parts and anything else that he didn’t think Sam needed to know.  But, he gave him everything else.  The bird, the fight, Dean’s cut healing, and Castiel’s promise to heal Sam.  Sam’s face morphed between disbelief, anger, then back again during the whole thing.  Dean spoke quickly in an effort to get the whole story out.  Now that he was saying it out loud it sounded even more fucking ridiculous than it had to actually live it.
They all threw arms across their eyes as small bits of grit and chat from the yard were kicked up by the air generated by Cas’s immense wings.  The sound of them flapping was like being buffeted by a thunderstorm and Dean had a brief thought that maybe Sam’s suggestion of Cas being a Thunderbird wasn’t as far off as he’d imagined.
Bobby gave him a look before continuing as if he hadn’t spoken.  “He ain’t happy, but he’ll be on his best behavior.”
She was obviously still tied to something in the building, he just needed to figure out what it was.  Another shriek let him know that she had rematerialized.  He spun around quickly and whipped his pipe around again.  He had missed her this time though and she used her ghost mojo to slam him against a far wall.  He fell to the ground with a thud and a groan before rolling to the side and scrambling quickly to his feet.
Dean worked his tongue against one of his back molars to remove something that had gotten stuck back there.  “What is it?”
“Got ya in the solo room, eh? Maybe you can luck into a sponge bath!” Dean said with a grin to his brother.
Bobby huffed at her and nodded in agreement. “Ungrateful welps if you ask me. I ain't claimin’ em.”
Sam was exiting the shower when Dean emerged from his room and the two locked eyes for a long moment.  “Morning.”  Sam said weakly.
Sam smiled at him in appreciation and patted the man’s hand a few times with his own.
Dean was breathing heavily, rage coursed through his muscles.  Sam’s fury matched his own and the two regarded each other with fire in their eyes.  This was absolutely not how Dean had intended for their reunion to go, but he honestly wasn’t all that surprised.  He just should have thought this through a little better.
Dean had been wondering that himself.  How could he answer Sam without giving him too much hope but also not completely dashing that same hope?  He could hear Bobby turn towards them from his position at the grill.  “Honestly, Sammy… I don’t know.  I think so, truthfully, I think so.  But, there are weird… rules to this whole thing and I’m not really sure what they are.  And it doesn’t seem like Cas knows for sure either.”
Dean continued working with his stir fry, very aware of the pointed silence behind him.  Who gave a shit, let the birdbrain pout or whatever he was doing.  Dean had maybe overreacted but… dinner was kind of a special tradition between him and Sam.  Whether Sam felt that way or not didn’t matter.  And to have this fucking… ASSHOLE come in and start making sympathetic overtures when he was the entire reason that Dean was here!  No, he wasn’t going to be doing that shit.
He had rounded the corner of the doorway and was a few steps down the hall when Dean’s quiet voice carried over to him from the kitchen.
Castiel cocked his head to the side in question.  It was a motion Dean was already becoming familiar with.  Dean gestured around them as if that explained his question.  “You know, you’ve brought me here and all, so like, now what?”
Dean closed his eyes and looked back up at them with a frown.  “I’m not staying.”  His voice was a little stronger than before, though not by much.  “I can’t.  I promised I would go back.”
“Yeah, night Bobby.”  Dean croaked out as he stood stiffly from the chair he’d been in for the last few hours.
He shivered, but it wasn’t due to the chill in the air.  He refused to meet John’s eyes right now.  He had no doubt there would be disappointment and anger in them and he couldn’t deal with that on top of everything else.
Dean frowned and looked back up at his jailor.  Cas was staring at him with an earnest expression on his face and it was an odd thing to see on the feathered features he’d gotten used to.  Normally, Cas looked completely passive, unruffled and unbothered by everything around him.  He seemed genuinely concerned for Dean at the moment though.  Dean sucked on his teeth thoughtfully before setting his fork down on his plate and squaring his shoulders.
Dean rolled his eyes. Maybe it was an alien? It definitely sounded like it was from another planet. “Yeah, I mean, I'm sure you can see me. It’s only fair, right?”
Castiel gave him a strange look but didn’t comment on Dean’s behavior.  He hopped awkwardly around the room and towards the table closest to the ovens.  Dean finally noticed that that table was loaded with a variety of vegetables and what looked like a whole chicken.  Castiel settled himself at the table.  He shifted on his large feet briefly and fluffed his wings a few times before seeming satisfied.
His eyes zeroed in on the matches that he’d dropped.  They were about fifteen feet away from him at the moment and he needed to get back to them as quickly as possible.  He didn’t want to drag this out longer than necessary, especially if that rosary wasn’t her tie to the world.  He eyed the ghost of the woman as she hovered in front of him in mid-air.
Dean laughed at that. “Nothing personal, buddy. But, uh, can't say I've had good luck with disembodied voices promising impossible wishes in the past. You understand I'm sure.” This thing was unreal. It sounded surprised and sad when it said that.
He took a long pull from the glass of water at his side and grinned boyishly at the bird across from him.  “Thanks, Cas.”  He cleared his throat a little.  “I really appreciate this, really.”
Instead, he turned to look at his brother, who was still lying peacefully on his bed.  Dean exhaled loudly and watched in trepidation as Castiel extended that same long primary feather towards his sleeping brother.  Dean almost stepped forward to stop him, but held himself back through sheer force of will.  He had asked for this he had to remind himself.
Dean paused in his stirring but didn’t turn around.  “Well, buddy, I’m sorry but the feeling isn’t exactly mutual.”
“Hey, dad.”  Dean responded in an attempt at being jovial.  It fell completely flat.
He continued to wait, but no further sounds came.  Dean felt himself relax slightly.  He had just woken from sleep, maybe it was leftover from a dream.  Cas had told him he would be safe as long as he minded his own business and slept in the dark.  The instructions were pretty simple.  Dean didn’t feel like he was being watched, there was no malicious intent in the air.  He actually felt pretty comfortable all things considered.
He could tell by the defiant look in both of their eyes that the conversation was far from over, but they chose to let this battle end for now.  It was late and they were all tired.  The look on Sam’s face was absolutely murderous, his lips had thinned into such a tight line that they almost disappeared all together.  Silently, Sam grabbed the broom and dustpan and began cleaning up the glass on the floor.  Bobby silently stormed into the living room to sit in “his” chair and Dean rested his head against the kitchen table, weariness falling over him like a fog.
