"Wow, bed by 9:30? You crazy daredevil." Tony smirked into the phone, pointedly ignoring the part about Steve forgetting all about him.
“Well of course they do, I am Tony fucking Stark afterall.” Tony said with a faux posh accent, his smile big and bright on his face.
“Guess you found your date to the wedding huh. Good it’s about damn time. Should I send the wedding invitation to the Stark Mansion or do you just want to give it to him yourself?” She smirked as she took out a sealed wedding invitation from her backpack and carefully wrote Tony’s name.
“Here you are Tony, Stark mansion,” Steve said, pointing out the obvious, since he had pulled up to the driveway ten minutes ago. They had been deep in conversation and Tony hadn’t made the slightest acknowledgment of where they were.
Hiya, so this is the morning after with flashbacks from the night before. I hope you guys like it and that it's not to confusing :) Thanks again for reading!! ~(^.^)~
“Really?” Tony’s voice hyped up, right before breaking again. “I-I don’t deserve to have such-I’m monster aren't I? So-so selfish. I'm so shellfish. I don't deserve the starfish. Patrick. Patrick. I’m not a good Spongebob.” Tony said, water in his eyes once again as he continued looking up.
Steve was awakened by the smell of something burning. He blinked a few times confused if this was still part of his dream or if he was awake now. The sound of crashing pots and the muffled voice of someone swearing heavily, quickly woke him to a sitting position, he grabbed his bat and went outside.
“You did sign the waiver forms right?” She asked dryly, then seeing their faces added, “I’m joking. Ha ha ha. I’m kidding, they are seriously well trained, as am I. We have never had an incident. Come on over.”
“See I told you everyone else would be here.” Steve heard Thor’s voice boom from the hallway. He turned around in time to see him and Jane join the others.
“No. Ever since I drunk called him I’ve been nothing but a bother. Plus I’m pretty sure he’s at work right now. He’s a jo-” Tony said rubbing the back of his neck with his hand.
He grabbed Tony and kissed him. Pushing him back against the corner, thudding as they hit the wall. A picture frame— the first causality of the night— fell off the wall, bouncing off the floor until POP!
“We failed miserably,” Steve started laughing, “we nearly burned down the kitchen, we most certainly burned the pie… I’m pretty sure the alcohol consumption got in the way a lot, that and the talking and stuff...”
“Wait. Tony Stark built you a phone? One specially designed. Just for you?” Bucky said shifting in his seat, needing affirmation.
, Tony was screaming in his head, maintaining a wide grin on his face, while he watched Steve set the box on the table and begin to open it.
Tony passed Steve his phone in distrust of his own voice. Steve took it and inspected the photos, letting a smile and blush settle on his face as he did. He nodded happily and passed the phone back to Tony.
“Shit. Your not suppose to be awake Steve. Go back to bed!” Tony exclaimed quickly turning the faucet off to wipe his hands and push Steve away. He was so caught up with making sure the breakfast was perfect and that Steve go back to relaxing that he didn’t even realize what he was doing until he felt Steve’s bare chest being pushed by his palms.
And, as if on cue, his phone started singing again and his screen lit up with Tony Stark's name. Steve tried holding in his smile as he answered and brought the phone to his face.
“That’s no way to treat your guests Rogers.” A voice chided from the entrance. Steve spun back around to see Bucky and Nat enter his apartment, both tsking in disapproval.
“I’m just playing,” Tony laughed, unable to control himself, there was something exhilarating about the way he was able to make the tall, built, man next to him flustered and stutter and go red.
“It’s a surprise party of one. ME. Naked. We need to celebrate our sex more often. With balloons and streamers.”
“No, I mean it’s a lot harder than it looks. First time I tried, we almost burned down the apartment.”
“Wait…” Clint said slowly, “I don’t understand what that means.” Eyes darting back and forth between Natasha and Laura, finally settling on Steve’s to see if he knew what they were talking about.
“Jarvis. Open the car.” Tony said smiling at a bewildered Steve as the doors slid open and he plopped his big stuffed animal dolphin in the back seat.
Steve was jostled awake by loud metal music, someone screaming something about someone turning to steel and traveling through time.
"Different from all the other phones out there." She echoed, her mind sounding far away. "Yeah, I like the sound of that. Our investors will too. When should I set up a press conference?" She said as she pulled out her tablet.
“Yeah, I guess I would miss our morning talks, still… I don’t know Tony, the girls. It feels wrong what you’re doing, leaving them to wake up to an empty apartment.”
The lady on the speakers informed everybody that the show was about to start and that everyone should put away their electronics so as to not get them wet.
“I- I think dolphins are my new favorite animal.” Tony said looking at the dolphin then back at Steve.
“Mr. Stark!” He yelled rolling down his window and skidding his car to a stop. Tony was standing smack dab in the middle of the road, he looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
"Screw it. I'm just gonna call him." Tony finally shook his head, as he announced this to the world around him. He pulled up his hand, so his watch was once again across from his face. "Jarvis. Call
Yeah and so is my face probably, thought Tony as Steve carefully grabbed Tony’s hand from his chest to inspect it.
“You go by Nat anyways! Please Nat give me this one!” Jemma interlocked her hands and tried her best puppy face. “I’ll get down on my knees. Here I go. I’m kneeling. On this dirty greasy floor. In front of you. PLEAASSEE!!! People are staring Nat. PLEAASSEE!!” Natasha rolled her eyes and pulled her friend back up off the floor.
Pepper looked at him and opened her mouth, ready to snap at him for his attitude. But she stopped herself and put down her tablet. Her eyes softened as she took another hard long look at Tony.
“No. I don't know how to pronounce half of the stuff on the menu. It’s a review article. More on the hospitality of the staff, the cleanliness, the ambiance, the timeliness...you know that kind of stuff.”
"Hey I'm not anybody's. I'm my own man. Now, shoo. I have a lot of important work stuff to do." Steve said grabbing a random folder.
They stayed at the center for the rest of the day, talking with the three for hours. Then visited every following afternoon.
“Okay. Well, hold on, don’t open it now. It’ll distract me too much from the driving. We're almost there.” Tony perked back up a little.
on the caller ID. Just as Steve was about to flip open his phone to answer, it went dead again. His screen now read
“Sure!” Steve said remembering his days in review, though he always enjoyed the places he went to he could never help but feel guilty, it felt like the company was paying him to go out and have fun. “What are the places?”
“You gonna come in buddy? Or did you decide that that’s your new favorite place?” Tony heard Steve laugh from behind the door.
“Come on, let’s eat!” Nat took her feet off the counter and pushed her half-eaten sandwich aside. “Pie’ll be ready in 15 minutes. It’ll need an hour, or three to cool before we can fill it.”
“I mean golly Steve, you're moving our relationship to the next level, I hadn’t known we were at this stage yet. Should I make the wedding arrangements now or after I move in?” Tony joked weakly, hoping Steve would take the sass and ignore the blushing red cheeks.
"Oh boy." Steve swallowed hard, I mean it's not like he could leave Tony in wet clothes right? He could
“I don’t know, but last week you made it pretty clear it wasn’t what you have going with those girls,” Steve replied, his voice too rising in anger, he just didn’t get why Tony was so stubborn, couldn’t he see that Steve was just looking out for him?
whole minutes already passed by? Oh, what the hell. He grabbed a pair dark blue jeans, a white v-neck and a dark blue blazer to make him look more formal, but not too much so as to scare Stark away, making him think he was desperately trying too hard.
“Besides…” Tony whispered once Steve slid into his own seat, “I want to make a good impression on them, I know how the media conveys me, and how I tend to convey myself and--”
“Yup. See ya buddy.” Tony said settling back into his chair. He threw a sideways glance and saw Steve picking up the menu,
“Um and if you say yes then… we can like, have a midnight snack or something, fridge is fully stocked, lot’s of ice cream...also lots of pasta….and um...there’s tv...and, well other stuff, and, although… you’ll probably just want to go to sleep cause...work. Although, who knows, you may want to shower...you can borrow some boxers too, not like I’ve never borrowed yours, and actually we still haven’t talked about how you got those on me….anyways… yeah” Tony said, realizing the reason he kept ranting was because he was afraid of hearing Steve’s answer, which would obviously be a resounding no. He looked up at Steve with hopeful eyes anyways.
“OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH LOOOKIE!!! That’s the biggest star of all! I want it. Buy it for me Happy?” Tony said clamoring out of Steve’s arm and reaching for the rising sun.
“Tony that’s- amazing. Though I know if anyone can do it it would be you.” Steve looked back down at the phone in his hand. It was a perfect fit in his palm, not too big, like some of the new phones, but not as small as his old flip phone. It was so beautifully designed that words could not do it justice.
“We can do that?” Steve asked, though honestly if the zoo let you chill with baby tigers and cheetahs, what couldn’t they do?
Steve nodded, feeling awkward for seeming to have kept this a secret. Before he could say something else though, Tony spoke up.
"Okay, now with one hand grab the towel tightly and bring it up to your belly button, and with the other hand reach underneath and pull out your bo- you know what I can actually just leave the bathroom- um you won't fall right?" Steve said, semi regaining himself. He got up and with the one hand carefully removed the shirt from the toilet and closed the lid, the other hand momentarily left its place in front of Steve's own zipper in order to flush the contents of said toilet, then quickly returned to its guard position.
"But...I'm a sponge...only one sponge...you're not patrick...only one patrick..." Tony furrowed his eyebrows, determined to get to the bottom of the situation.
Tony stared into the steady eyes of the man he loved. “Your right.” He nodded. “And those kids adore you by the way.” He stated matter of factly. He looked back down at their faces on the files. “Your right. We can do this,” his hand clasped his husbands, “together.”
“Can I pay for this?” Tony asked, begging Steve with his eyes. “C’mon. The company isn’t going to care if you had popcorn or not.”
Tony held out his phone to take a picture of them as they stood by the railing, the dolphins starting to come out behind them. He brought the phone back to check their picture. Steve’s head was cut off. Tony grunted and stretched his phone back out to take another picture, this time actually turning the camera to selfie mode so that they could see themselves. Steve leaned his head down closer to Tony’s so that Tony wouldn’t struggle.
Steve swore quietly at himself, clutching the still unwrapped present in his lap, that's not what he meant. Great, now he had Tony thinking he was a bad Spongebob.
"Um...yeah just have a few more charts to get through." Pepper said quickly transitioning back into work mode and retaking the files in her hands.
“Good! Good, it was good.” Jane smiled. She looked up at her husband who was bubbling with excitement, she nodded the go ahead.
He opened the door slowly. Trying to give the guests time to find their hiding spots. He practiced his surprised face.
“Hey Mr. and Mrs. Odenson-Foster, are you guys just going to eat all my food or are you planning on getting your own at some point?”
“Uhh…” Steve said letting out a weak laugh as he buckled his seatbelt. He and Tony had decided that carpooling would be easiest.
“The stars look so happy” Tony mused, head leaned against Steve’s shoulders. They had been sitting on the roof of his car for the last twenty minutes. Tony was mainly rambling from one random subject to another, but the last couple of minutes he had fallen silent next to Steve and just stared up into the sky.
“Tha-that’s what I meant bro. But if your mind went to the other place then maybe that’s where you wanna be too.” Sam suggested. Everyone stared in silence at Steve when he didn’t respond right away. He could only open his mouth part way and stare at them as well.
“Uhh…” Steve racked his head for a moment, Tony could see Steve’s gears moving, planning out the best move. Tony liked seeing Steve work through problems, always trying to see the big picture before jumping into action, it contrasted Tony’s personality so well.
“Tony, why are you standing in the middle of the road? You could have gotten hit!” Steve was grasping Tony by the shoulders.
The rest of the gang filed into the kitchen and set the table. They figured they would be waiting for a while so they made themselves comfortable and settled into conversation.
Tony thought as his hands fiddled with themselves on his lap, his minds replaying over and over the way Steve said adorable and his smile just getting bigger and bigger as they started driving to Nat's house.
“I have it locked. The only thing he can do is take more pictures and make a fun video to watch later.” Tony explained to the worried Steve. Steve who had a baby tiger and liliger curled up on his lap. Tony had to remind himself that he had already taken about a thousand photos of Steve like this and that he didn’t need to rip his phone from the monkey’s hand to take one more.
“Aw c’mon you did great. And look, I still have both arms!” Steve said making his way around the car to the passenger side. “What?” He asked Tony.
Hiiiii!!! Sorry for such the long wait (Iv'e been traveling) anyways, here's the next part, later on the same day as last chapter, hope you like it.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows, who the hell was that? He clicked the notification box and was surprised when his and Tony's old messages opened up. He smiled as the whole thing was very Tony-y and scrolled down to read the new messages.
“We’ll have a large popcorn and soda, coke, easy ice.” Tony told the worker when it was his turn to order. “Large so we can share.” He then explained to Steve.
“I thought you were opposed to getting a new phone cause yours worked perfectly fine?” Bucky chimed in, “did yours break?”
"Umm...sorry I sir I was-" Steve stopped himself quickly looking for an excuse, "-I was just thinking about my next assignment, the uh-" he shifted in his chair, never one to be good at lying to his superiors, "the interview techniques I-"
“Wha-what- what did I do?” Tony asked. This incident had occurred before Tony had developed “feelings” for his neighbor so he was hoping that meant it hadn’t been anything too crippling like yelling “I love you!” or something.
Tony couldn’t stifle the whimper that escaped his lips. He almost sounded like a puppy begging his owner for a treat. He wasn’t ashamed of that.
“How was the doctor's visit?” Steve asked as she sat down. By the way Thor was looming over her with a big grin on his face, he was guessing everything was going well so far.
“Are you sure this isn’t just some rebound guy for you?” Bruce had asked him earlier that day after Tony had finished describing Steve’s adorable ineptness with technology. “I mean, you just broke up with Pepper last month. She introduced you to her new boyfriend last week. Are you positive that what you are feeling isn’t your way of forcing yourself to get over her? Or getting her to see she didn’t break your heart? That you can just bounce back up and find a new partner.” Bruce asked as delicately as he could. He didn’t want to offend his best friend but he just wanted to make sure that what was happening was in both Tony’ and Steve’s best interest.
“I haven’t seen any lady suitors sneaking out of your apartment lately...” Steve glanced up at Tony. They were halfway through the Pinocchio movie, Steve slouched down on the sofa, head resting on Tony’s arm behind him, feet resting on his little old coffee table in front of them.
“That’s a cute picture. I love the contrast between his casual clothes,” she said handing the phone back to Tony and pointing at Steve’s t-shirt and jeans, “and your black suit pants and white button down collar shirt.” She laughed then added, “and the cheetah’s just make it even better.
“This has nothing to do with Pepper, Steve is… I mean I know it sounds crazy considering I’ve only known for a short while but...” Tony finally answered not knowing how to end.
He lifted up the box, looking at it from every angle, forcing a ponderous look on his face, after a minute he said, "is it a towel? You owe me a towel."
“Alright Rogers. Just explain it to me one more time.” Clint said as he watched Tony off in the distance playing peek a boo with Nathaniel while Lila, Clint’s four year old daughter, was trying her best to braid Tony’s locks of hair. Clint smiled in adoration of the way she would inadvertently stick out her little tongue in concentration.
Steve purses his lips, before nodding no.  "I was going to tell him though. But then, time got away from me."
. I want to make sure you are kept updated on everything and vice versa." She finally said. "Rhodey said you went into the lab the other day?"
“Steve we visited literally every single place in that zoo. It’s a big zoo. And the movie starts in fifteen minutes and it’s the last showing. Steve. I’m so sorry.” Tony said.
He could feel Steve staring at him, trying to read his emotions. Damn it, he knew he should have left his sunglasses on, why did he have to take them off when he gave the gift to Steve? Ugh, the gift. Tony should have never mentioned it. Steve obviously didn’t want anything from him. Probably didn’t want to have anything to remember him by, the drunk bastard who took his bed. He quickly shut up the part in his head yelling
Harley looked at Peter, gaining courage from him. “We’re building a barn for the ponies.” He said, showing Tony some of the built pieces in his hand.
(texting stories, kind of excited to write some quick stories here, possibly even canon one shots paired to my fanfiction writing),
Steve was about to respond when he felt Thor poke his ribcage. Steve looked up at the table, they were all staring at him again.
“That was a hundred dollars?” This time Steve reached for the check with more conviction and was able to snatch it from Tony. He looked at the bill with wide eyes, “so that’s why they don’t list the prices.”
"Why- Uh- Why- Wha-What, what-?" Tony stammered, hand reaching up to scratch his neck. He took in another deep breath and refused to look Steve in the eye. "What um, what exactly did I do. Why do I owe you a towel Steve? Fuck, I hate the blackouts. I never know when to stop drinking, I always think I can handle it. I've got no fucking self control, I go around making a fool of myself instead, god why am I such a-" He was falling into a full-on hate speech and Steve was feeling helpless not knowing what to do to stop him.
An alarm blared off in his head. He brought his eyes back up to face Tony's, because apparently, at some point, they had fallen to rest on Stark's lap. Namely the upwards tent caused by the zipper being pushed up. The zipper.
Instead though Tony maintained the firm handshake and nodded in determination, as if the world’s most precious gem had just been handed to him and he was resulte in convincing the general that he would protect it with his life because he would.
“Okay, Mr.Stark-Tony- I need to know where you are. Was that music in the background, huh? You at a party? Do you know what neighborhood it’s at?” Steve was pulling on his pants and shirt as he grabbed his keys and headed for the door.
“Kay babe. You can stop gushing over Tony. We get it, he’s great. I’m right here.” Sam said waving his hand in the air. Jemma smiled and kissed him, snuggling into his arms.
He knew Tony had probably enlisted the help of their friends. Knew that Tony himself had probably been worrying about every little detail. Every possible outcome. Every possible disaster.
Steve was far too preoccupied with Tony to take notice in the movie. Not that he wasn’t actively trying to pay attention to the movie, not wanting to totally mess up his article, it’s just Tony was right there. Sitting next to him, laughing at whatever was happening on the screen. Their hands always ended up touching when they reached for the popcorn settled on Tony’s lap, neither one ever pulling away. They ended up sharing the two straws they had put in the soda because, ‘it’s too hard to tell whose is whose’.
"Why- what- um- um- um- what- I- shit- Tony- fuck- what- okay- uh here!" He said throwing the towel at Tony and began looking for another towel to cover his own growing bulge.
“Hi! I’m Peter Parker! But you can just call me Peter.” The brown haired boy across from them said. “Well, some people tell me I shouldn’t say Parker anymore. Because, well you know. But I like it. But if I ever get adopted I think I would just add the new name. You know like—have you heard of middle names? Yeah, well I think Parker would be my middle name. Peter Parker… do you know any last names that start with a P? I think that would be cool. My nickname could be P3. Peter Parker Perez? But I know, I can’t know what my new last name will be. If I get one. I was going to be Peter Parker Hill! But…but that didn’t happen.” He stopped and cautiously looked at the shaggy-haired boy next to him, Harley. Steve and Tony followed suit, looking at the quiet frowning Harley.
“Okay, no. We were in Europe for about two weeks, three-ish at most. You are telling me that in that time, you befriended
“Doritos?” Steve said snapping his fingers, Tony had never seen anyone this excited about Doritos. “I can order those cheeseburgers, and we can snack on the bag of Doritos in my room while we wait, I mean if you're really that hungry. Then we can bake the pies tomorrow morning and eat them for lunch?” Steve continued raising his eyebrows.
"Look all I know is that Bucky has been texting me nonstop this weekend to harass you at work to get on it. As for the why... you'll have to take that up with Nat yourself."
"I see you can draw a variety of things from cartoons and animations to nature and people." Coulson looked up as he set down the sketchbook. Steve glanced at the page Coulson had left open.
"No, not at all Steve." Tony said into the phone, as he shifted as quietly as he could out of bed, hoping Steve wouldn't hear through his lie.
“Um… it’s really nothing,” Tony finally remembered how to swallow, “probably won’t even leave a scar or anything.” He couldn’t break his stare off of Steve’s eyes, or more like his lashes since he was still looking down at Tony’s hand.
Steve couldn’t help the twitch and tremble that escaped his body. He curled his toes into the rug at his feet. Tony smirked. “Okay,” Steve said, voice a trembly whisper. His cheeks flushed as he turned and headed for the shower. Tony watched with a smile.
“Good. Listen, I have a favor to ask you. I know usually Hill is the one that covers reviews, but her kid got sick and she took a personal day. We need three review articles by tonight and since you already finished your article and used to work in reviews…” Fury trailed off.
“Umm… yeah, it’s in the fridge…” Steve mustered up. He hated fighting with Tony but he knew that sometimes Tony needed to hear these things, and Steve figured it would be best if it was from a friend, something he hoped he had become to Tony in there time spent together.
"Owww" Tony whined as he got out, "it hurts. Get this device trap off me!" Tony yelled pointing to the belt that was so desperately trying to hold everything around Tony's waist up.
A baby monkey crawled up behind Tony and grabbed his phone. He swung down into Tony’s lap and, laying on his back, started pressing at it.
“And I’ve got plenty of clothes you can borrow so you, you wouldn’t have to worry about the same day clothes tomorrow at work, and I’ve got a charger for your phone and I’m sure I have an new toothbrush somewhere that you can have.” Tony hastily added.
Tony weaved his way through the crowded kitchen, “one sliced and diced bowl of ham, just as instructed.” He handed the bowl to Thor who inspected it, he smiled up at Tony in a nod of approval. Tony found it interesting how his body tingled at the feeling of approval, that he got something right.
“Um…” Steve strained his neck to see what Tony was looking at. He was going through his sketchbooks.
It had been three years since they married. Three months since they bought their house with the large yard and white picket fence Tony had always dreamed of.
“You were right about the surprise party. Kind of. Everyone is at my place, waiting on the signal to come over and congrats us.”
to take those off of you," Steve said his voice coming out in a husky whisper. "You are drunk. And that would be me taking advantage of you." He said, trying to shake himself out of it. The water was raining down on Tony. It was sticking to his hair, running slowly down his jawline, delicately dripping off his nose, glistening his abs and six pack— and Steve knew it, that though Tony didn't show off his muscles he sure as hell had them. His jeans were heavy with water now, weighing down around Tony's waist, showing off his white boxers, now see through, dripping down too because of the water.
Steve tried to ignore the internal screaming going on in his head and said, “oh and you got breakfast last time, so technically it is my turn to pay, so ha.” He quickly closed his mouth hoping whatever words just came out of it had made sense. Apparently they did because Tony let out a small laugh and said okay.
! It would mean a lot if you could check out the articles and let me know what you think about them.
Steve stopped running, staring at Tony a beat before dropping to his butt and laying down, chest up, on the grass.  After a moment he could hear the grass flatten underneath Tony’s nearing footsteps. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see when Tony had reached arm distance, but he kept his gaze focused on the clouds above him.
“What embarrassing me in front of my crush? Yeah thanks a lot friends!” Steve whispered back, thankful for Thor’s loud introduction masking their voices.
“I’m bored. I’m gonna go now. Thanks for the meal. Bye.” He finally ended up saying and immediately began chiding himself, this is why he needed to have people like Pepper, Rhodey or Bruce around. To help him better communicate with people. Machines were more his style, didn’t have to worry about hurting their feelings. He looked around the quiet table and with a curt smile got up and headed for Steve’s table.
“Never mind,” Steve said, a fond smile creeping on his face, watching Tony’s eyes light up, his hand trying to get a hold of the sun.
and how your actions will affect it. Our relationship ending is not going to affect the stock." She informed him matter of factly.
Thank you to everyone who has read, kudosed and commented on this story. This was always meant to be a short story, so I think I’ll stop here (though I also said that four years ago...) (who knows I may write another separate story that continues where this one left off? Thoughts?) The proposal was daunting to write because it was my first one (this story has a lot of writing firsts for me) it has a few canon sentences parsed in too (just google Stony quotes). Let me know your thoughts on it! Also, in it Tony mentions breaking in, this is new backstory that I’m writing into
“Well,” the lady answered, “the couple that had them seemed to be warming to the idea of adopting them, paperwork had been requested. But, the wife got sick. They found a doctor that specializes in what she has, three states away. They decided that it was too much with three kids. So, they moved, and Harley, Peter, and Morgan were left behind. I think it hit Harley the hardest, he’s been more reserved. But I know that with the right people, and love and compassion, he can come out of his shell again.”
As always, the man looked perfect, even when he had been throwing up in Steve's bathroom, face contorted in pain, he was still the most precious thing Steve had ever seen, brown locks of hair making their way to those amazing-
Tony smiled and leaned further into Steve to respond with something but was cut off by the loud and abrupt music of the show.
"Why are we here again? I mean I went to the stupid meeting. Shouldn't that have been enough? Why did you drag me out here afterward?" Tony voiced his opinions.
“Are you kidding me? This is like a thousand times better!” Tony beamed as he set his ingredients on the counter. “This.” He looked at the busy kitchen and all the smiling faces, “this is something I haven’t experienced in a long time.”
This chapter talks about something I'm working on. Don't need to read for story, but would greatly appreciate if you did :)
“That’s not what it said in the report you gave to Fury.” Sam eyed him as he grabbed another handful of fries.
upset about since I am his best man. It's already confirmed that I am going, I've told him this a thousand times but Natasha - his fiance, and also a good friend of mine- insists that I don’t go alone, that I bring someone. She's not letting me turn in my RSVP unless it says it’s for two. And without my RSVP in I don’t have a chair for the wedding or the dinner and dance. And since I currently do not have a boyfriend - or girlfriend- I am kind of in a pickle.” Steve finished, at the end no longer having the courage to look Tony in the eye, the worst part was Tony just sitting there, looking at him.
He had spent about an hour trying to decide what to wear for when the great Tony Stark arrived to drop off his clothes. He was doing this of course because as a journalist he wanted to look professional among such a great businessman and innovator. That was totally the only reason why he cared so much about how he looked. But what was he supposed to wear for going out for breakfast with Tony? For appearances of course. No other reason, other than PR and, well you know, not wanting to make a fool of himself in front of Stark.
You're probably aware that many people on AO3, myself included, wish that they could leave a kudos more than once! Well on Medium you can “clap” as many times as you want. I wrote an article on my thoughts about that! I would also love to hear your thoughts about it, do you wish AO3 had something similar? The other article is about my reflections on my first story, advice for readers and writers, and my thoughts on the
Steve asked himself, not knowing whether or not to comment on or acknowledge Tony’s outburst. Tony opened his mouth to say something but was interrupted by the waitress who brought out their appetizers.
Point is, it means a lot to me that you’ve read my story, and I would love the opportunity to continue to foster that with you. But at the very least, I thank you for giving my story and me a chance and your time.
“I’ll have a coke, easy ice.” He told the waitress as he slid into the chair. She glanced at Steve, waiting for his confirmation that this was an invited and wanted guest. He slowly nodded yes, eyeing Tony with curiosity. The waitress wrote down his drink and with a polite nod left to get them their entree.
“This is what best friends do!” The whole room shouted back, well almost the whole room, Jane was busy eating an apple.
He crawled back into bed, bringing his phone and drawing pad with him. He opened his phone, the missed calls were both from Tony. One of the messages was from his best friend Bucky telling him to not forget to RSVP to his wedding, since he was the best man after all.
“Um...never mind.” Tony exhaled pinching his nose. Great everything he touched ended up getting ruined.
“I mean… If you don’t want to make pie that’s fine.” Steve asked getting up from the couch, Pinocchio forgotten.
(still working on figuring this one out, more like short one shots/poetry type format). I also recently started writing on
“Stark. We’ve been changing the subject for months” Steve forced himself to continue, “I just… I went along with this,” he said with a little wave of his arm, indicating allowing his neighbor from across the hall in his apartment complex to use his place as a secret hideout, “because I thought it made you happy, and I’d do anything to make you happy… but this isn’t what you want man, it’s just you filling a void.”
“No way you could turn me away Steve, you’d miss these morning talks too much” Tony smirked, “plus it would be hard to keep me out, I mean considering you got me a key and everything.” Tony smiled at the key sitting next to him. He thought it was all very adorkable that the man had gone out and gotten him a key and then had it painted red and gold, Tony’s favorite colors.
. Steve suddenly found himself struggling to swallow, and he was pretty sure it wasn't because of the food this time.
“That’s the second time you’ve brought me pie buddy, now who's moving our relationship to the next level?” Steve laughed getting up from the sofa. He wasn’t naked, which Tony told himself to be grateful for. Steve was in grey sweats and a shirt that felt oddly familiar to Tony.
"Okay. Tony stop." Pepper exclaimed reaching out to hold Tony's hand still. A burst of light quickly harassed them and Tony swore as they both quickly pulled their hands away.
I saw Endgame a few weeks ago. Cried. Died a little. Then I watched it again. Repeated the process. I can't even begin to express how much the MCU has meant to me. How much the OG gang has meant. The number of hours I have cried since then. It feels, at times, like I really lost some best friends, people I truly care about. Nat and Tony. They deserved so much. Tears are actually starting to form as I type this. So, anyways.
“You have to get all fifteen rings on these bottles in middle. Is hard, yes?” The man responded in a heavy accent.
“No, that’s not why I bring pie-” he cut himself off before he could say something along the lines of, ‘I bring pie whenever you make me like you again and I’m confused about it.’
“No!” Steve replied. “I mean,” He added with a gut feeling like he should still seem open to one, just in case. “I prefer this.” He looked Tony up and down, pleasure visible on his face.
Well, that is assuming the person ringing the bell was, in fact, him and not Ms. Sheryl from the third floor who forgot her key again. He finished the last of his toast and downed his milk as he walked to the answering machine.
“Mhm.” Steve smiled sarcastically as he got up and walked towards the front door. On his way out the building he called Bucky to see if he was free. Instead he ended up getting his ear talked off the entire elevator down about finding a date.
"Bathe me! Get these off!" Tony ordered pointing at his pants then twisting around to turn on the water.
He was tired, Steve could tell. But as much as he wanted to let his buddy rest, he couldn’t leave the subject alone. It was in Tony’s best interest.
"Thanks," Tony replied as he started it up, "it's an Audi R8. It has a 5.2-litre-V10 engine, ceramic brakes with brake discs made of carbon fibre-reinforced-ceramics, and quattro permanent all-wheel drive," he beamed, Steve just nodding like he understood all that was just said. Tony saw through it though. "Sorry, sometimes I can't shut up the engineer in me." He quickly apologized, scolding himself.
“Yeah, let’s have a family breakfast. We can make something together!” Jane said pulling Thor to block the door with her.
So instead he leaned back in his chair huffing and crossing his arms, wishing this work dinner was already over so he could go to Steve's.
"So uhh, is it just me or are you starving too?" Tony said, something flickering in his eyes... lust? No, Steve laughed at himself for thinking that. He looked back at Tony to try and read his eyes but they were soon covered by the dark film of sunglasses.
"What's going on?" Fury finally asked, leaning back on his desk. "You've been staring at your computer for the past 15 minutes like it was alien tech."
"Nice car," Steve said as settled into the seat suddenly feeling unwanted self-consciousness for the car he had been driving Tony around in the day prior.
He looked at the bedside clock. His friends had been waiting long enough. “But I’m hungry. I need some food in me before I can—” he tensed his jaw and gave Steve’s body a slow and devouring once over. He cocked his head, biting his lip before winking at Steve— “you know.”
"Go. Take a seat son." Fury replied nodding towards his office, closing the door after them as they went inside.
Steve looked back down at the phone then up again at Tony, confusion letting through wonder and awe.
Tony kissed Steve, melting his worries away. “Bedroom.” He said, knowing full well Steve was right. He would have told him they could reprint all the photos later. That the streamers and balloons didn’t matter. But they would be expecting people over soon. And though it wouldn’t matter to Tony that they see the state they left things in, Steve would be mortified. Plus there was the pie. Sitting on the table in its box. And in the pie was the ring. And now that Tony had more time to gather his senses he knew that soon he would not be able to gather them enough to make sure they left the pie out of harm's way. “Let’s go to the bedroom.”
“You dated sisters?” Tony asked, his brows raising, then added nonchalantly, “I've done that too. Triplets actually... at the same time.”
“Your vision?” Rhodey scoffed. Then thought about it and nodded, “Yeah. Okay. I’ll give you that.” He looked at Tony. “Well, we all know I deserve a slice because I’m going to be your best man.”
“Shit. You’re not supposed to be awake Steve. Go back to bed!” Tony exclaimed quickly turning the faucet off to wipe his hands and push Steve away. He was so caught up with making sure the breakfast was perfect and that Steve go back to relaxing that he didn’t even realize what he was doing until he felt Steve’s bare chest being pushed by his palms.
Steve cataloged Tony, observing every tiny detail about the man next to him, the brown lock of hair that curved in towards his forehead while the rest curved up and away. The shadows his long lashes cast on his cheeks. The way his eyes reflected the light of the stars and parking lot lights. How his thin beard so perfectly traced his jawline. His lips left partly open, his adam’s apple sticking out on his stretched neck.
“Round three then?” Steve said in between kisses as he pulled Tony on top of him, there on the kitchen floor.
“I distinctly remember you telling me last week that you were an old fashioned guy, you wanted the house, the picket fence, the kids running around and the perfect marriage, huh what about that?” Steve was eyeing Tony, “how are you supposed to get all that with one-night stands? Especially when you can’t even face the girl in the morning?”
Tony looked down at the screen. The polar bear was plopped smack dab in the center staring absently into the camera. Tony and Steve were to the right of it, hugging and smiling at the camera. Tony could see the shade of pink settled on Steve’s cheeks as he tentatively leaned into Tony. He swiped to the picture before it. It was a bit more zoomed in on them, though the bear was still visible. This was a candid shot, taken as Tony put his arm around Steve. He and Steve were staring at each other, their was a sparkle in both their eyes, their faces showing early signs of blushing. Steve was slightly biting his teeth, Tony hadn’t noticed, was too busy with the fact that he was about to hug Steve’s waist. They looked happy and at ease.
Tony stared at her. “True. They have you. Makes me feel better." He tilted his head, grinning, "Not a lot better. But enough. You're in charge.”
“No. We didn’t sleep together, Mr. Stark. And don’t worry I’m not a tabloids writer. I wouldn't exploit you like that!”
"Okay, welcome to casa Rogers," Steve said as he opened the door to his apartment, Tony leaning heavily against him.
“Yeah. I play.” Steve smiled grabbing the rings, then after a second of aiming threw the first ring. With a woosh it landed on one of the center bottles. He repeated this with the next fourteen rings, each one landing perfectly on it’s target.
“At least RSVP for two. Tell Nat you found a great date and then on the day of the wedding just say she got sick.” Bucky had pleaded him. Steve said no, that he would rather not lie to Natasha on her wedding day. The exasperated Bucky soon hung up, but not before reminding Steve that as best man, he was in charge of planning the bachelor party. Steve made it to his car really looking forward to the pickme up of today's activities. His stomach let him know he was going to visit the restaurant first. He pulled out the directions Fury had scrawled on a piece of paper for him and headed for the restaurant.
“I’m Bucky,” Bucky continued saying, “Steve’s best- one of Steve’s best friends. I’ve known him since he was a scrawny little kid who didn’t know how to back down from a fight. We’ve been protecting each other ever since. So, it goes without saying, that if you hurt my Steve I’m gonna hurt you. I don’t care who you are or how much power you have, if you mess him up, I’ll mess you up. Understood?”
It" being the plan he had. The plan of Steve walking up to him and seeing him in all his beach best glory. He was wearing a loose white button-down, rolled up at the sleeves, and a pair of fitted beige beach pants. Sitting will cause wrinkles and sand to go everywhere. No, that's not how he wanted Steve to see him. Not for their first date. First date. He hoped it was still happening.
Steve stopped and slowly turned to inspect Tony. He was in fact still wearing his pants. His chest heaving from being manhandled into a corner.
Tony nodded. He looked at the pie. Three blueberries lined both sides of the biggest heart on the pie. There. That was the slice.
There was a mess of bundled up blankets surrounding Steve, they were strewn away from Steve’s body enough to let Tony know that Steve did not in fact sleep with pajamas on, but enough to keep Tony wondering whether Steve went full commando or not. Steve wasn’t wearing Tony’s shirt but instead clutching it close to his chest, as if he had run out of pillows and he needed something to hug. Tony tried not to read into that since there were plenty of free pillows surrounding Steve. Tony lingered a few more seconds, admiring how calm, at ease, innocent, and delicate his friend looked while he was sleeping. Tony found his breathing easing and matching Steve’s rising and falling chest.
I've actually had what I'm uploading finished for months but never got around to finishing it. Decided to just upload it as a cliffhanger since today marks a year since my last upload. *ashamed face*
“Wow, let me be honest that movie was a lot better than I thought it would be.” Tony said coming out of the theater laughing, deciding that Steve’s arm was the best thing around to steady himself with.
Clint raised his eyebrow at his wife who had just sat down with them, she apparently needed no catching up because she quickly raised both of her eyebrows and sent Steve a knowing smile.
“You know—for future reference—it’s polite to ask someone before you start flipping through their things,” Steve said grabbing at the sketchbook Tony just picked up.
He had been in bed and asleep by 9:30, he had had a long day and had barely gotten any sleep the night before babysitting Tony. He, however, had
Dazed, Steve got out of his chair, forcing his work brain to turn back on and shutting out his personal life brain as he made his way to his boss's office.
“Hey T-am. Wha-what are you guys doing here?” Steve said staring at Sam and Jemma huddled at his door.
Matty doesn't mind that his neighbor Terry hides out in his apartment most mornings. In fact, it's something he has begun to look forward to. He enjoys the time they spend together, the friendship they have fostered. He would enjoy their time together even more if Terry wasn't hiding out to avoid his one-night standers who didn't have the "courtesy" to leave before morning. What Matty didn't know was that Terry had been coming over even on mornings where there was no one else camping out in his room. He enjoyed his mornings with Matty more than he was willing to think about.
"Steve?" Tony asked leaning forward in his seat to get a better view of Rogers. His pain, and worry, and self-loathing all replaced by concern for the man next to him, who after having spaced off - because no, he had definitely
“You know Tony, when you finally do choose someone to settle down with, you’re gonna make them very happy.” Steve said, patting Tony on the back, his hand lingering one second too long as his eyes flickered from Tony’s eyes to his mouth. Of course, this was just Tony imagining things right?
“Oh Stevie? Why yes darling come right up!” Nat gave back in her best british accent, which was scarily good.
“Peace offering.” Steve blushed as he sat on the counter opposite Tony, their knees once again kissing.
Steve tracked Tony’s eyelashes, once again marveling their impossible length. Both men soon found themselves unable to pull their eyes away from the other’s as a comfortable silence enveloped them.
"Yeah? What about my notes? Did you get a chance to look at those?" Tony asked getting up and going towards his kitchen, feeling like a midnight, or close enough to midnight, snack.
“Yeah, cause that’s a whole lot more discrete.” Steve laughed, though he was happy Sam didn’t take him up on his offer, that would have been a very interesting conversation to start with Jemma.
“What kind of a guest would I be if I arrived without presents?” Tony asked as he carefully settled the last tray of lasagna into the back seat of Steve’s car, careful not to slam the car door as he closed it.
Steve carefully opened the box to reveal a brand new phone underneath. It wasn’t like any of the other Stark phones he had seen advertised.
Steve knew he was walking into a surprise party. He was confident in that. He wanted to make sure it seemed like the thought had never crossed his mind though.
Steve sat there glued to his chair, like an addict watching flash drive after flash drive as Tony taped himself working in the lab, every once in a while looking at the camera to explain something to Tony or just make conversation.
“How was the doctor's visit? Are you feeling okay? It’s a girl? It’s a girl right? Do you want water? I saved you some fries.” The two girls rambled and spoke over one another following Jane as she went over to their table.
Hey everyone so my laptop decided to be temperamental and just suddenly stopped working :( So I was without a laptop for awhile but now it's been fixed and all is good again. But yeah, sorry for the long wait. Love you! *blows many kisses*
"Uh..wel-um..." Steve fell back on his bed, glancing towards his clock again. "I have work tomorrow morning and I can't miss it again."
“I -I was just admiring your new haircut” Tony replied forcing his face into the most serious one he could muster.
Steve wasn't the type of guy to stand someone up. Tony knew that. So there had to be a reason for his lateness.
Steve let out a small breath of relief. As much as he wanted to see Tony again he did have a deadline to meet and not enough sick days for both this and the wedding. He quickly sent Tony a text back to let him know it was no problem and that maybe they could meet up this weekend. He then carefully reset the phone on his nightstand and got dressed.
“Some fancy restaurant downtown. A comedy movie that came out today, the one with those five guys. And the zoo. Feel free to bring along a friend.” Fury smiled handing him the company card.
Sam nodded cheerily, “well not yet, I want to let Buck and Nat have their whole thing, then Jemma and I will have ours.”
Sam looked at the box centered on the kitchen table. “Just be sure to save us some of that pie okay.” He looked at everyone in the living room. Too many people. Not enough pie. “Or, at least just save me a slice.”
"Okay. I'm going to close that door and I need you to carefully take off-WHEN I'M GONE TONY NOT NOW!! Okay after I leave, take off your boxers and wrap a towel around your waist okay? You can sit down here if you want," he said patting the toilet cover, "I'm going to go get you some of my boxers and clothing."
“They're so beautiful. Everyday man passes beautiful things but never stops to appre-app- look at them.” Tony was almost crying again. Steve just couldn’t take it anymore. He wanted to curl up with the man and vow to destroy whatever had hurt him so much to make him like this.
"Stop changing the subject. You know I wasn't talking about that question." Sam rolled his eyes and lightly punched Steve in the arm.
“Right.” Tony said taking in deep breaths to drive away the tears. “I am pretty smart, right? I mean, I went to MIT at what fourteen? Right? I am smart-wow. Hap look up. The sky is so...wow.”
"It's mostly just my notes for building it. Sketches of the design and the hardware...that kind of thing. Probably won't be helpful in figuring the thing out." Tony said as he grabbed a bag of cherries from the fridge.
“I already had champagne over there and I’m trying to not drink so much anymore.” Tony explained as if that was what had confused Steve. “What are you doing here?”
Steve chuckled as he watched his friend retreat to his desk, then he turned back to his computer and turned it on, getting to work.
“The stars look so happy” Tony mused, head leaned against Steve’s shoulders. They had been sitting on the roof of his car for the last twenty minutes. Tony was mainly rambling from one random subject to another, but the last couple of minutes he had fallen silent next to Steve and just stared up into the sky.
Comments and kudos keep me writing, so if you are enjoying this story please take some time for those!!
’ flashed through his mind. It had been a quick and passing thought, but it had been enough to startle Tony up from his spot on the 'way too small for two people’ couch. He quickly excused himself as he bolted out of there, nearly doubling over on the dining room table, stating he needed a good night’s sleep to finish his new project F.R.I.D.A.Y.
Hey everyone, here is the next chapter, hope you like it! Sorry for the long wait, some family stuff came up. Anyways, yeah, enjoy :D
“We still have half an hour till the play with the babies thing.” Tony said shaking extra water off his hair as they walked out of the dolphin exhibit. “We saw most of the animals already, we fed the giraffes, pet the zebras. What we haven’t done is play any of the games.”
“Yeah.” He sniffled. “She was the brightest star of all. She was smart and witty and capable of doing
"So yeah... I still have the actual building part to do, but that's easy. I already have everything else worked out in my brain." Tony smiled widely pointing at his temple. Steve looked up at Tony's eyes (his nose was practically plastered on the screen where Tony's chest was), they were so wide eyed, full of joy and excitement, so innocent to anything wrong in his world.
“No, I do… It’s our thing remember? I was just getting uh- kind of hungry is all” Tony said eyeing Steve.
“We wanna meet him.” Nat replied innocently. Sam and Bucky though were not quite as convincing in hiding their smirks.
the great things Tony had done—he’d written about most of it—and that while Tony had gone through some hiccups, so had everybody else! What mattered was that Tony was trying his hardest to be a good person—a good... Spongebob. For some reason though, all of these words got stuck in Steve’s throat and he just continued to stare at the hurt Tony.
“Afterwards as in last Friday-I’m not coming into work cause I’m fake sick-afterwards? Or as in I had such a great weekend but I’m not going to tell you anything about it? Or the I didn’t get any sleep at all Monday night and for some reason that makes me act all goofy and happy at work? Or was it last night when you said that you didn’t finish getting all the things for your review article till like 1 am, which was weird because you’ve finished those things in four hours max, and you were all goofy today at work and in an even more hippy hurray attitude than usual” Sam finished.
“You-? You don’t?” Steve was gaping at Tony, how could the son of a bitch not remember the first time they actually bonded? Yeah, he was really drunk, but really, nothing?! That night was one of Steve’s fondest memories of their time together so far. And this guy doesn’t even have a clue it happened!?
“So should we postpone the pie?” Steve slightly moved away from the kiss, his voice was raspy and he was struggling to steady his breathing.
"I think..." Sam started, slowly, wanting to pick the right words, "I think that you have your heart in the right place and I love that you want all that and that you know you want it. I don't think it's old fashioned, I think it's sweet and a very legitimate reason as to why you are so careful in choosing a date. I'm pretty sure- no I'm positive if you told Romanoff all this she would let you off the hook...although yeah your probably right," he added at Steve's quirked brows, "she'll just start sending you on blind dates until you've found "the one"."
“Well you're here with us now Tony.” Natasha said softly as she pressed her hands around Tony’s back in a comforting squeeze.
They spent the rest of the time swimming with the dolphins, sometimes being led by their fins, others times being propelled forward on a waterboard and other times just swimming and petting them.
“N-no it’s- I- I meant- yester- I’m fine! Nevermind, it was stupid. Forget I said anything.” Steve said, eyes refusing to meet Tony’s.
Steve sat back down. He poured Tony a glass of milk, then himself one. He brought it up in cheers. “Here’s to 3 amazing years.”
In the few minutes Tony was gone Steve used all his will to force his thoughts on the movie and figuring out what it was about and what had happened so far.
“No it’s just- I guess I’m so used to you being in my apartment every morning, chatting over breakfast before I go off for work… I mean lately, you’re there even when there aren't any one night stands to hide from. I don’t know it’s just you’ve been there every morning so when you stopped showing up- well I- I got worried that maybe I’d overstepped my boundaries or something.” Steve finished, still staring at the pie.
“Come on, let’s get you in the car. Do you know where you live?” Steve asked carefully guiding Tony to the shotgun.
“Shit.” He said under his breath, eyes trying to memorize every tiny detail of Steve. Eventually, he realized what he was doing and reminded himself that Steve had not given him a key so he could watch him sleep like a creepy stalker.
“You want me to win you a dolphin?” Steve asked as they rounded the corner and saw a bottle ring toss game. The big prize? A dolphin half his size.
“Hmm?” Tony hummed back, slowly bringing himself to the present and away from his memories from months ago. They were once again on the couch (Tony hadn’t trusted himself for the bedroom), a Doritos bag was open in front of him and apparently the credits were rolling for the movie. Tony was pretty proud that this time he had managed to stare off into space instead of Steve’s face, thus making him look less like a creepy friend.
, I am sure you’ll be glad to know that I was actually thinking about the first time we baked pie together. Well, the first time that I was sober enough to remember…” Tony smirked, and though he was being honest, used the same teasing tone Steve had used.
“That’s good. Ponies need a place to live. Right, Steve?” Tony looked over at his husband, who looked like he was caught off guard.
“Hey, Tony, you tell me where you are and I’ll take you to this really nice hill and we can watch the stars all night. How about that?”
“Why are you standing in the dark?” Steve asked. He credited Tony as a much better ‘pretender’ than himself, but he was pleased with how genuinely confused his voice sounded.
"Okay but here," he said carefully reaching for Tony's waist, ignoring how hard his heart was thumping as he placed his hands on Tony's waist, they were half holding on to his boxers and half feeling Tony's amazing wet toned skin underneath them.
“Um no.” Tony let out in a small laugh. “But...I did…um…” He let out another laugh, more nervous than the first. “Well, I’m just going to go ahead and say it and hope you don’t get mad at me.” Tony said, taking a breath he rambled through his confession, “I may have accidentally-not so accidentally- taken home one of your sketchbooks.”
Steve, in his fright, accidentally bit Tony’s lip a little harder than intended. Summoning another loud noise, this time from Tony. “Shit. Sorry!” Steve moved away from Tony.
“Haha, well I figured this way I could eliminate any more chances of you waking me up at 3 am yelling, in a german accent I might add, ‘Mr. Rogers, oh captain my captain?! Mr. Captain please it’s wakey time, the world needs you, I need you!’ through the keyhole in my door.”
This chapter talks about something I'm working on. Don't need to read for story, but would greatly appreciate if you did :)
"I don't have much need for sleep. Getting it every once in a while, like when I was with you, is good enough. And if you saw my messages then why didn't you answer me? I told you to call me when you got home. You didn't. What are you too good for me Steve?" Tony answered and Steve could actually hear the false indignation and teasing smile through the phone.
“For the last time—we did not engage in any sexual activities!” Steve could feel the tips of his ears getting pink again.
"You can throw it away, I have many." Tony informed Steve pointing at the shirt held in his hand. Steve happily obliged.
Steve took in another shaky breath, reached for the towel next to him and readjusted his jeans once again.
“We just wanted to wish you good luck on your date.” Sam said striding into the apartment, ducking under Steve’s arm to do so.
And I wasn’t. I was a bad a Spongebob, and I let her slip through my fingers.” Tony said, eyes still glued to the sky.
Steve grabbed the papers from Tony, looking at the profiles of each child. Harley Keener, 10, Peter Parker 8, Morgan Rabe 3.
Hey so this takes place moments after the last chapter. Sorry for taking so long, it's just... life. Anyways, I'll update soon, I hope.
“Okay Tony, we should go-” Steve said proud of himself for getting the nerve to talk and stand up. Only, of course to be pulled down to the sofa by Jane.
"Yes you are, I'll be right back okay." Steve said, carefully backing out of the bathroom and partially closing the door, he didn't want to close it entirely in case something happened and Tony called out for him.
“It’s okay. I’m sure if we run back and tell them what happened they’ll let us in to look for them.” Steve nodded reassuringly.
"Uh, put the towel around your waist." He instructed when he looked back at Tony, hands still firmly glued to his boxers— which really were so see through they may as well not have been there — and the towel half covering his head and shoulder.
A quit null had settled into the room that Tony only now just realized. He felt everybody's eyes on him. He cleared his throat, only to find it completely dry; his mind impulsively started throwing jokes and sarcasm at him to spew out.
“Your, uh, your boyfriend Bucky must be pretty curious wondering where you are,” Tony said squinting his eyes at the phone in betrayal for portraying such information.
Steve sat there, listening to Tony talk, watching him work, he loved every single second of it. Once Steve finished watching all the flash drives he grabbed his phone and asked J.A.R.V.I.S,
“Are…” He observed Tony as best he could in the darkness. “Are you naked?” His eyes inadvertently widened and he swung to look around the apartment as he tried to cover Tony’s body with his own.
A coffee, a few hours, and three articles later, Steve got up to stretch his legs and made his way to get a drink of water.
“Alright enough gossiping you two.” Bucky said as he paced the kitchen, big bowl tucked into one arm, the other hand whisking away the batter inside it.
Ahhh hey guys, I know it's been a very long time since I've uploaded. Sorry about that. I know it keeps happening. Woops. Anyways here's a new short chapter. I'm getting back into the habit of writing and will bring you a longer one soon :D Thanks for reading and putting up with me! :*
“Wow, and now you guys are spending the whole day together tomorrow and, aww, stargazing!” Nat said from her place next to Bucky. Steve looked at her wide eyed, then at his hands, empty, then back at her. She was holding Steve’s phone up coyly in her hands.
Steve wanted to reach out and grab Tony’s hand, intertwining his fingers with Tony’s, and let him know everything was going to be all right. But instead he tightened his grip around the stool and gave Tony a tight smile as Natasha spoke for him.
"Cool...so uh...can you talk or do you have to get back to bed?" Tony asked, hand lingering on the chocolate ice cream box.
“It’s- he’s-” Steve continued trying until he was finally able to shut his mouth. He gave a warm smile to the waitress as she set down their food, politely ignoring the blush that crept on her face as he did so. He took a deep breath then looked back at Tony who was now scowling at the waitress.
“Come on, pick up!” Steve—phone pressed to ear—was almost on the block Tony had told him he was at; it was the eighth time he called Tony. He knew he should have tried to keep Tony on the line, but Tony had begun yelling and he missed a turn. When he told Tony to give him a second so he could double check the GPS Tony got bored with him and hung up.
“He was a little drunk and I picked him up and he slept at my place, jerk took over my bed and made me sleep on the chair” Steve said nonchalantly, not that he actually slept, more of stayed up the whole night to watch over Tony, make sure he didn’t do something stupid or choke on his own vomit, and since Tony didn’t, Steve used the opportunity to practice his drawing. He looked at everybody’s wide eyes and wished that they would just move onto another subject already.
“Any plans this weekend?” Sam asked Steve as they left work, they there way to a little diner to meet their friends.
“Doesn’t matter. It’s from you,” stated Steve, all matter of factly, and he saw a little light come back to Tony’s eyes.
"Uh I just finished watching your videos." Steve confessed, replaying his favorite parts over in his head, "I uh- I loved them and well I just felt like I had to call you...you know, to thank you for all that...." Steve raised his free hand in exasperation.
“Yeah if that were true then you wouldn’t be marrying her.” Steve countered pointing at Nat with the fry in his hand.
Bucky stopped laughing as he looked into Steve’s puppy eyes. “Well what do you want us to write? Come on this is your chance to say whatever the hell you want then blame it on us later.”
Jane cleared her throat. “Hi. I’m the mother of these babies. This tower over here is my husband. We are the deciders of the babies names. You know. Just in case you didn’t know.” The table smirked.
Once they were sitting down in a booth and had already placed their order, Steve tentatively placed the gift on the table, raising his eyebrows at Tony. The pure joy that had filled his eyes earlier was now fused with a feeling he was trying to mask, terror.
Thor set the last plate and sat down as well. Soon the kitchen and living room, were the folding chairs and makeshift elongated table extended into to, were filled with cheery laughter and excited conversations.
Which Tony was only able to respond to with a small laugh instead of the snarky remark he so desperately wanted to come up with.
“Tony.” Thor turned to Tony. His face portraying all manners of seriousness. “Brother.” This time both his hands went to rest on Tony’s shoulders. His big frame towering over Tony’s smaller one. “I have always thought of you as the brother I always wanted.”
fine, it’s just, Steve could no longer see it and not go stir crazy thinking about what it once covered a few days prior.
This is a liliger : https://www.google.com/search?q=liliger&espv=2&biw=1280&bih=595&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0CAYQ_AUoAWoVChMIyvaVzsvZxwIVyTOICh3mzwa2
"Umm... you wouldn't believe me if I told you." Steve finally answered, smiling at the memory of nursing a hot gazillionaire back to health, and making him breakfast, and then getting breakfast together, and then getting a personalized gift from him.
“This is Lucy.” The trainer said bringing out the first dolphin. Steve and Tony were able to pet her and, using the knowledge they learned, make her do tricks.
“Rogers how was your first day with the art side of the company yesterday?” Fury asked Steve as he came up to his desk.
"Yeah? I'm glad you enjoyed them. Where they helpful...did you get a better grasp on the phone?" Tony asked a smile on his lips, not one of those fake ones he'd been wearing all day, a real genuine happy smile.
“Well either way buddy,” Steve’s grin became more serious, “I want you to have it, I trust you.” He said it so earnestly that Tony couldn’t help but scream like a little girl on the inside, because this meant nothing! Steve was just the most generous and kind guy on the entire planet right? It didn’t mean he liked Tony. Just a friendship move. Guys being pals. Then, of course, the way Steve was looking at Tony... it made Tony feel like maybe there was something more to this.
-brown eyes. Steve assessed the man in front of him, and he had a strange feeling the man was doing the same to him.
I'm rewriting this series as an original work for Tapas and self-publishing reasons. So, I've been rereading this series a lot for inspiration and dialogue and whatnot. Well, today I felt like I owed homage to the gang. I could still pay tribute to this amazing wonderful family. And that's what fanfiction is for, right? To fix it. To help mend your heart a little. To do what you can to give the characters you love some of the life and happiness they deserve.
“Wow man, look at you, going all out for this. I’m sure Bucky would be happy with whatever you plan though. Even if it is just all of playing pool or something.”
Comments and kudos keep me writing, so if you are enjoying this story please take some time for those!!
Tony was wearing a dark green dress shirt, barely visible behind his dark grey blazer, and black dress pants. They both swallowed hard, too busy trying to hide the looks on their faces to notice the others.
“Yeah well…” Tony couldn’t think of anything to say, he hated how Steve had the ability to do this to him, “...you’d… you’d be a pretty great- boyfriend too. You know all caring and mother-henning,” he pointed at his burn, which thankfully was now not throbbing as hard, “you know you’d make sure that I never felt stupid about myself for messing up breakfast or anything else, you wouldn’t let me wallow in self-pity either. You- you make amazing pies, and I love watching you draw, you are such an amazing artist and you don’t even make a big deal out of it like how do you do that? I’m good at tech stuff and I make a huge deal out it, but you-you are just so humble- you humble me. I love listening to your stories, I mean you can actually get me to shut up and fully listen, I’ve never really paid that much attention to anyone else, ever. And then the way you can stand to listen to me, going on hours and hours about my life, and my robots and projects, even though they probably confuse the hell out you since I use engineering terms and you probably have a million other better things to be doing than listening to me drone on and on about drones, but you do it anyways. And then the other day I found a dictionary for engineers in your stuff and well, that just- you know, to know that you’re actually trying- you’re going out of your way for me, more than out of your way. Because you’re so selfless and so god damn amazing that you allowed me to be a part of your life when you probably should have slammed the door in my face, and oh my god you’re good with kids, don’t ask me how I know that I just do. And you’re an amazing teacher, you’re so patient and caring. I suck at drawing but somehow you’ve made me less sucky- and- and god you’re smart, like I mean you were basically Grandpa Rogers when we met, no technology knowledge at all- but now, you can code, grant it your still at the basics but do you realize how fast you picked it all up for someone who had never used a computer before? Your morals, oh my god you are a perfect little saint, you’re all stars and stripes, and a fucking hero basically- well at least my hero. I need you in my life you make me go straight- well not that- but you know what I mean, you keep me, I don’t know- sane. You’re just so perfect and there’s, there’s all these things that I love about you, and I just- I can’t put it into words- you know I’ve always sucked at expressing myself- the way you get so into whatever movie we are watching and how you always stand up for the little guy, or how, when you draw, you get this little crease in between your eyebrows and you stick your tongue out a little and- shit.” Tony shut his mouth when he realized he was rambling off things from his I love Steve notebook. Fuck, well that was a give away he hadn’t planned on giving. His eyes were darting everywhere, everywhere except for Steve’s eyes.
The knocking on his door started again. Steve looked at himself in his mirror one last time, giving himself an encouraging smile before heading to his door.
“Today is Thursday, I was over there Monday morning. It’s been three days Rogers! You couldn’t handle not seeing me for three days so you baked me a cake and came over?” Tony was wearing the hugest grin Steve had ever seen.
Once they were gone Tony turned back around and surveyed the apartment. He stared at the box in the center of the table. Adrenaline. Anticipation. Anxiety. All coursing through his body, stronger than a raging river during a thunderstorm. “Shit.” He whispered.
The ending, that additional jump, kind of came as a surprise to me. When I started writing this additional part 3, I thought it was just going to be the proposal, up until I started writing the epilogue to the epilogue! I hope the direction the story ended up taking is okay with you.
“Bucky is my best friend. He's getting married next month and I haven’t sent in my reservation letter. which he is
“Tony.” Steve sat up. “Who you are isn’t measured by what you're made of. It’s what’s inside, what you believe, and how you act on those beliefs that counts. And by that yardstick— I doubt anything could diminish you. I already know you're an amazing father. Ten times— no 3,000 times— the man your father ever was. You connected with those kids, right away. Faster than I ever could. You’re doubting your ability to be a father? I’m the one we should be worried about. But… I’m not worried. Because I’ll have you. And you’ll have me. We can do this, together.”
It had been about two weeks since Steve had gone to him with pie, and for the last two weeks Steve had definitely not been the only thing occupying Tony's mind, making it impossible for him to focus on any of his projects, or anybody else for that matter. Tony most certainly did not spend his time with Steve micro analyzing every little thing Steve did and said. And Tony, by no means, once so ever, had a ‘is it worth it notebook’ hidden underneath his third desk drawer in which he outlined every possible thing that could go wrong in a relationship with Steve, if he so chose to pursue one, which would therefore jeopardize their friendship. It also did not outline the possibility of Stony, yes Tony had created a couple name for him and Steve, ever becoming a thing.
He handed her his phone and walked over to where Steve was standing in front of the polar bear showcase window.
“Please. Not so loud.” Tony demanded, putting up his hand to block the sun. He took another look around.
He ended up falling on his butt and hitting his head on the sink as he tried to scramble away from the confused Tony.
“Oh, and you know what I want, huh!? What void, exactly, do you think I’m filling Rogers?” Tony’s voice was rising in anger, he had come here to hang out with his neighbor, the man who had become his best friend, not be attacked by him.
“Yeah, I know.” Tony finally said, then turned back towards the sink and began washing his cup, “I just like seeing you get all flustered and everything,” Steve could just about hear that grin in his voice.
"NO!" Steve said pulling in all his self control and smacking Tony's hand away from the faucet, "I don't think I can. Like I
Shivers ran down Steve’s spine. For a moment he didn’t care about his furniture. About the table stands he and Tony had made. The coffee table they spent months searching for. The sofas they had just reupholstered. He didn’t think twice about the photos on his walls whose frames would surely get knocked off. The delicate family heirloom vase that contained freshly picked flowers was forgotten. The inevitable breaking of the cabinets, drawers, and plates didn’t matter. The noise complaint that would get filled only an inconsequential whisper in the back of his mind.
“Tony, your address remember? You were going to tell me where you lived?” Steve asked again, as gently as he could. He had already been driving for about five minutes and he had no idea where he was going.
“Umm…” A little voice piped behind Tony as he snapped another picture of Steve. Tony turned around to face the bright red face of a young high school age girl.
“Now give Lucy a kiss.” The trainer told Steve, who placed a kiss on the dolphin. And Tony, never in his life, would have imagined the could get so jealous of a dolphin.
"Is...Is that who you decided I am?" Steve smiled as he set the clothes down next to Tony, he looked up to see Tony smiling triumphantly at him.
“You know one of these days I really should turn you from my door, make you go face one of these women.” Steve grabbed his own cup of coffee and sat on the counter opposite Tony, their knees practically kissing.
“Um. Thanks bro but you’re not the most covert guy I know. I was thinking maybe Jane could somehow sneak it in there or something, in between some science talk or whatever.” Sam shrugged.
“But no she’s right. He is...amazing. And dating somebody like that...well ... you don’t. Not that I’m saying I would want to date Tony, just, you know, even if I did…” Steve shrugged his shoulders.
Steve numbly nodded, head rapidly filling with thoughts. He pushed his way out of the circle and made his way back to his desk completely lost in thought.
off topic. "And- and well that's why chocolate ice cream is my favorite. And I know - I know you are probably just sitting there stifling back waves of laughter" Tony said to the camera, Steve nodded giggling, "but uh," Tony continued talking holding back a smile, "I was a very impressionable young boy so..."
“Tony your hand is red.” Yeah and so is my face probably, thought Tony as Steve carefully grabbed Tony’s hand from his chest to inspect it.
“What are you?” Tony asked as Steve gently shoved him into a corner, his back to him, arms protectively around his sides. Not at all the reaction Tony had been hoping for. “What are you looking for?”
“Mr. Stark where are you? Are you in trouble, should I call someone, who's Hap?” Steve, on the other side of the line, was already stumbling out of bed towards his closet.
Tony went on talking to himself on the floor for hours until finally the constant reminder of how important sleep was from J.A.R.V.I.S finally got him to get up off the floor and get ready for bed.
“Because you made them waterproof.” Steve continued, leaning into Tony’s chair. “I remember from your videos.”
He pulled down the zipper as fast as he could without snagging anything behind them. As soon as it was undone the jeans fell straight to the floor.
“I…” Steve could feel his ears burning, and it wasn't just from being sucked and nibbled by Tony. “I thought, that—”
"Well once I got you in bed — that sounded wrong, haha- — umm... once you finally settled down, you knocked out, it was pretty easy after that." Steve assured him, his mind going over the events of that night for the tenth thousand time.
Also, let me know your thoughts on the little epilogue and story as a whole! Thank you again for reading this story <3 I'm so thankful to everyone who has read it and commented <3
Nat rolled her eyes. “Come on everyone.” She got up from the sofa. “Steve will be here any minute. Let’s go hide at Tony’s.”
Tony thought about it. The proposal could be done naked, he supposed. But then he would have to convince Steve to get dressed and host a party. Knowing the two of them, there was a good chance they would fall into the temptation and just start round three. “You sure you don’t want to shower? Quick rinse? Put on some pants at least? So we don’t get your chairs all sticky and gross.”
“Ah yes. The ambiance.” Tony smirked taking a look around the restaurant. They were in a high rise building. Thirty five floors up with carpeted floors and window walls. There were chandeliers and tall mirrors. It was a nice place. He and Steve were currently sitting in one of the booths. They were soft padded and clothed. He looked at Steve. He was severely under dressed compared to everyone else. Faded blue jeans and a red tee. Tony smiled, he liked it.
Tony clenched his hands underneath the table before shaking them out. “Okay, so I baked us this pie.” He reached for the box.
Ten minutes later found them both showered (or at the very least rinsed off with a quick rub of soap) and dressed in the kitchen. Tony was back in the outfit his friends had seen him in earlier. Like Tony, Steve’s shirt had also belonged to his partner. He was wearing Tony’s old lucky shirt. The one he had gifted him all those years ago on his birthday.
“Are you finished talking? Because you have no idea how hard it was to keep myself from closing this short distance between us,” Steve stared into Tony’s eyes as he took a step towards him, chests touching now, “and cutting you off with a kiss, but I didn’t want to interrupt you, I liked what you were saying and I wanted to let you finish, let you express yourself and all that. But, if you’re done, I would really like to kiss you, if that’s okay.”
“Language.” Tony teased, before pulling his fiancé in for another kiss. Fiancé. Tony liked the sound of that.
“Yeah.” Tony whimpered back, equally wrecked as Steve. He moved back in for another kiss. “Pie can wait,” Tony said in between kisses, “this sure as hell fucking can’t,”
“I know I shouldn’t have,” Tony was saying, still rambling, “it’s just I don’t know. I woke up in a stranger's bed, was flipping through a sketchbook and saw one of me so when you turned around to serve that amazing breakfast, I pocketed it. Thought it might give me more insight or something.”
“Hahaha” Tony laughed, wrinkles forming around his eyes. He took a sip from his drink and shot Bruce a quick look that yelled
“Nat. No I forbid you from doing that! Jemma will you stop looking everywhere he’s not hiding in my closet.” Steve said, god it felt like he was an elementary school teacher.
. After having talked to the man well into Tuesday morning, he figured he should give him a break. Leave him alone. The only problem was that Tony couldn’t get him out of his head.
“Hey Sally.” Tony heard himself yell as he waved his hand in the air. She smiled at the acknowledgment and several people from the tables around them glanced over to see what the commotion was about. “Could you please not stare like that at my date and I?” Tony continued. “It’s rude. And it makes us uncomfortable.” Sally’s eyes widened in shock and embarrassment. Several more people turned to face their direction. He could tell when people recognized him, their faces would twist into shock and confusment. Wasn’t he dating Pepper? Was’t he straight? Isn’t he too famous to come out?  Thankfully they were classy enough to not rush them with pictures and questions, they just slowly turned their heads back to their meal and whispered gossip to those around them, glancing occasionally at their table.
"Hi," he smiled wildly as he opened the door, it took him a second to regain his thoughts upon seeing Tony Fucking Stark.
“You're a good friend Steve,” Sam threw his arm around Steve's shoulders. “That’s why I’m choosing you as my best man as well.”
For a moment, the world stopped spinning in and out of focus. For a split second, Tony felt himself coming back. He was Tony Fucking Stark, a billionaire super genius, he was not going to let himself pass out drunk in some random person’s backyard.
“Little engineers they are.” She took a second. “You two should go talk to them. I’ll give you a minute to talk about it.” She smiled at them, hopeful, before leaving to talk to another couple.
He rolled his eyes at her banter. “I’m just saying. It’s what makes sense. Tony and I, we’re brothers.”
I was hesitant to re-upload the first four chapters because I have had comments from readers (mainly on longer works) saying they love how they’ve seen my writing develop and better over the years. I don’t want to “erase” my fumbles and mistakes. But I also want to help future readers better connect with the story. I’m still keeping my original chapters saved as drafts. Anyways, sorry, my a/n's are getting as long as the story (I wish I had an easier way of talking with you). On with the story!
Tony took a second to collect his thoughts. “We,” he said slowly, “should go eat the pie. I baked pie. For us. For tonight. It’s in the kitchen. Are you hungry?”
Steve nodded eyeing the names Tony added to the list, Rhodey and Bruce. Steve relaxed, two well known
“J.A.R.V.I.S has been on the Fritz, which should not be happening considering I’m the one who designed him… Anyways I’ve just been really busy with that, I haven't left the house at all, or slept or eaten or you know… and I guess… I thought that maybe you didn’t want me back. I mean I am basically the opposite of everything you stand for right?” Tony said, suddenly finding the pie very interesting and refusing to look away from it.
“What? Why are you comparing me to a cartoon character?” Tony asked, settling back into his seat. “Are you-" a smile formed on his face, "did you drink this morning? Should I call Happy and get him to drive you back?”
"Seriously man are you okay? You weren't actually sick on Friday where you? Are you feeling queasy? Should I drive you to the doctors?" Sam was asking when Steve grasped his shoulder, giving it a quick tight squeeze.
"Yeah. I could tell you aren't a tech savvy person by your phone." Tony teased, trying to change the subject. "Which reminds me," his eyes lit up as he reached behind the seats.
Hi everybody, sorry it took forever to update, trying to get back into the habit of writing, thanks to everyone whose still reading it!! Love you :D !
bad, he shrugged as he pushed his fingers through his hair. He slowly walked down the remaining steps, trying to catch his breath, can't let Tony think he raced down the stairs like some crazy fan right?
Jemma nodded her head, “it’s definitely a one of a kind model. I’ve never seen another phone like that, this morning, after I got hired, they showed me the new tech releases and that phone wasn’t in there.”
Tony had been leaning in front of him, he just breathed onto his neck and ear. Steve shut his eyes again, wishing that if he clenched his hands and eyes hard enough he could turn invisible. Suddenly he felt Tony shift next to him, he tentatively opened his eyes and saw Tony resettling in the seat in front of him.
He felt the hair on his skin stand when he suddenly heard Tony very, very, closely whisper in his ear.
“Well,”  Bucky said, placing the bags of food on the counter, “turned out to be more difficult to try and order food for everyone without Steve finding out. Had to circle back after dropping him off. Smells good.”
"Umm..." Steve continued, having to physically shake his head to remember his plan, "hold these." He said squeezing the boxers, hoping that Tony would get the idea. He did.
“Right.” He nodded, looked down at the box in his hand— deep breathe— then reached for his red and gold key to turn the apartment door.
“Tony they already love you.” Steve said cutting him off, “I’m not kidding, ever since Saturday it’s been not stop talk about how great Tony is.” He stopped and looked at the wide eyed Tony, the ghost of a small shy smile appearing on his face. “It’s quite sickening really,” Steve said with a smirk, Tony returned one immediately.
"You sure you can't pull down the snake yourself?" Steve looked up, miserable, he should be getting some sort of medal for this, his morals and self-control being tested so cruelly.
can not, I will explode if I do, so let's get you put and dry okay?" He said carefully pulling Tony out of the tub, causing his jeans to droop even lower.
Tony took a seat on one of his lab's chairs, spinning himself absentmindedly waiting for the other man to talk. When he didn't, Tony spoke up, "So uh sorry for not having given you back your stuff. I'm not busy tomorrow, maybe we can go get something to eat again?"
Steve scanned the living room with his peripheral vision. No movement. He had to give props to his friends. He hadn’t realized they could go this long without making a joke or saying something sarcastic. “Good. I invited him up but he said he had to go to work.”
Steve, however, no longer looked teasing or playful, instead he just stared at Tony, which would have made Tony squirm away and find a hiding spot, had it not been for the small warm smile tugging at Steve’s lips, the way his eyes just seemed to reach out and envelope Tony in a hug.
"He was my best friend...well, aside from Jarvis. Though I guess neither of them really count..." Tony said turning his head back down to face the almost complete phone. "Anyways, I only kept him for like a week or two... my parents didn't like him, made me give him up." He seemed to be more lost in memory than concentrated on whatever he was staring at.
“And I wanted to personally give him the wedding invitation.” Nat said pulling out the envelope from the night before.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you're doing Tony.” Steve said as he observed the man in front of him.
Steve let out a small laugh, “yeah I'm gathering,” he said before racing up to Tony. Tony who let out an honest to god little girls screech before dashing just out of Steve’s grasp.
Steve looked down at Nat’s draft message. She had woven in what everybody had suggested and added a few things herself. Steve quickly deleted the message. He typed out his own response.
Tony remembered. And even then, sometimes he had yelled to hold on while he put something on. For all Tony knew Steve slept stark naked, he didn’t want to walk in on that...right? He ignored the feeling that idea gave him. He could feel his heart beating like a drum in his chest, he hadn’t been this nervous since his first day at MIT at the age of 13.
No, Steve must have read that wrong. Why would Tony Fucking Stark hate himself? He was one of the best things to have happened to Earth.
Harley shrugged, but Peter cut in before he could say anything. “Wow! You're a mechanic? What’s a mechanic?”
Steve forced himself to look down at his lap when it was his turn to be assaulted by Tony’s perfectly shaped, plump, ass because, that was the ‘gentlemanly’ thing to do. He cursed himself for it.
“Well… I thought we were making pie after this?” Steve asked, tone losing its playfulness as he rubbed at the bump where he hit his head.
Now, months later, he was used to the ZERO personal space they gave each other. He liked the tiny couch and how it forced the two of them to more or less “cuddle.” Though he would never admit this to anyone, even himself. Tony glanced over at Steve, now staring intently at Pinocchio. Tony remembered this feeling, it was exactly how he'd felt a few months before, when a tiny
He said, trying to keep his voice stoic. Jarvis complied right away and the Bluetooth in his ear started ringing.
“That’s what you said!” Steve laughed cutting him off. “But yeah, long story short, I was all mopey about her, halfway to getting as drunk as you already were when you knocked on my door. You noticed baking supplies on my kitchen table and moseyed on into my apartment. I told you that she was going to teach me how to bake pies so I could take some to the nursing home by my work. So I had bought all the materials thinking we could practice that day, but yeah we never got around to that...” His mind drifted for a second. “Anyways. You took it on yourself to teach me how to bake pie.”
“No, you can still take pictures, here’s the button.” He explained then swam back over to Steve and Lucy. They leaned against her on opposite sides and the worker snapped a couple of pictures of them.
"But....that was only water. You have to soap me down." Tony argued reaching to turn on the water again, and if that didn't do things to Steve then he didn't know what did.
towel without thinking of what it had once covered -- his hair was still wet, beads of water dripping off his blond locks and strolling down his bare chest to the towel. He made his way to the fridge, humming, his fingers lightly tapping rhythmically on the fridge door as he opened it and pondered what to make for breakfast.
“As for right now. We have to go to that Innovators lunch downtown. Yeah, I know, I don’t want to go either. But we have to.” Bruce said as he got up from the sofa. “Come on.”
"Yeah yeah yeah" Steve quickly said as he ushered in the drunk Tony into his tiny bathroom and to his toilet.
“Unlike the two assassins there...I’m a lot nicer. But, as you can guess, we all care a lot about Steve, so if you do hurt him, which for your own safety you shouldn’t, know that I will assist in the capturing of you for them two.” Sam said with a amicable smile as he shook Tony’s hand and patted his shoulder.
“I have really good aim.” Steve shrugged, smirking as he made his way to the booth and bought a turn.
“Um...here I’ll show you how-” Tony stood up and switched sides, sliding next to Tony. Carefully, he began explaining how the phone worked, what all of the buttons were, how to open and close apps and how to work all of the other exclusive features Tony had worked into the phone.
in your apartment." He corrected himself as he grabbed a pair of pants and t-shirt and headed back to the bathroom.
Hello! Thank you to everyone who read and especially thank you to those who commented and asked for more!! Sorry for the delay, something unexpected came up and I haven't had a chance to write. Anyways, here is Part 3! Also, I updated the past chapters with some minor edits! I recently uploaded this work on a platform called Inkitt. Here’s the link to
“We’re making pie.” Clint informed him, making his way into the kitchen from the living room, Rhodey following.
A flutter of panic passed through him as he saw his friends smirk. He knew that smirk. He ran to the buzzer but was stopped short by Thor’s big hands around him.
“Wait!” Tony quickly stood up. “Let me.” He took the knife from Steve and brought the pie closer to him, lining up
“Wow, eight missed calls…” Tony said when the new phone came to life buzzing with the information of the old one.
“Excuse me.” He heard Tony whisper as he made his way back towards their seats, butt sticking out at people’s faces as he held on to the chairs in the aisle in front of them to keep himself from tripping over people’s things and legs.
“Peggy Carter” Steve corrected though amused by Tony’s version. “Well, she broke up with me that night.”
“Three?” Tony asked, wanting to make sure Steve was on board and not just following along because of Tony’s visible enthusiasm.
I imagine Steve's sketch of Tony to be something like this (but with shorts and a tee) (not drawn by me) :
Sam tapped Steve’s back and whispered something that sounded like uncle. Steve quickly let go of him and eagerly awaited the answer.
The rush left him dizzier than from when he had fallen, the loud music and raging lights were bombarding his mind again. He needed to get out of there. Fast.
Steve’s brows furrowed. “Pie?” He stared at a frozen Tony. “Did you change our safe word? Or is that… like do you want to yell out
Steve chuckled while trying to feign offense, “You owe me another pie for that comment!” He made his way past Tony to get the milk. “It was a birthday present... from you!”
While these characters are my original babies, it doesn't mean they don't share a lot with their inspirations. Plus if you loved the awkwardness and giddiness of IHP, you will get a lot of that here too! Also, Terry works in a startup and Matty is a veteran. Also, they bake pies.
"Stay there. I'm going to get you a glass of water okay." Steve said as he stepped over Tony's strewn out body on floor and toilet.
Jane gave him a wide smile and whispered back, “we are more than just your friends Steve, we are your family. Not only is it our job to embarrass you but it’s also our job to make sure you don’t get hurt. And by the way, you just admitted Tony is your crush.” With a wink she got up off the couch and introduced herself to Steve, leaving out all threats and instead welcoming him into their home and saying she looked forward to getting to know him better in the future.
"I'm fine Sam, just tired is all. I didn't get any sleep at all last night." Steve answered with a smile.
Tony laughed, “really guys, it was no big deal,” he lied, not bothering in telling them that he had gone through about three dozen trays of burnt lasagnas in the past three days in an attempt to create something edible.
Steve was an artist, he explained to himself, he just drew stuff, it didn’t mean anything to him. Those drawings had just been exercises to keep himself awake while he made sure his sorry ass didn’t try to fly out any more windows with magic towels. The towel. He made a mental note to send Steve new towels, the good ones, the same he had in his bathroom. He risked a glance towards Steve. He was still staring at him.
the same as what Tony had put him through that night with the shower, but hey, he had to get back at him somehow.
"I honestly don't know whether to be jealous of Pepper for bagging Stark or jealous of Stark for bagging Pep." Another one chimed in and that got Steve's attention.
Steve stretched as he got up. Tony watched, admiring the way Steve’s muscles rippled in his back as he did so.
“Hey Steve. I mean if you want to bring Tony to the wedding that’s cool. And if not then that’s cool too.” Sam heard Bucky say. He felt Bucky hand clasp his shoulder. “Whatever you want to do, I’m with you ‘till the end of the line. Nothing’s going to change that okay. I'm your best friend-” Bucky stopped at Sam’s throat clearing, “I'm
"SQUIDward!" Tony happily greeted him with a dazed smile as he came into the bathroom. His underwear was still caught on his ankles.
Steve was still trying to get his mouth to form an actual sentence when the waitress arrived with their food. Tony solemnly handed Steve his phones.
“No really I can pay… I- I have the company card.” Steve said feeling a red warmth spreading in his cheeks.
Sam went to open it, greeting his boyfriend with a kiss on the lips before helping him with the bags.
Let me know what you guys think. The ending of the chapter was hard to write because I just didn't know how to end it, so I literally put the last 10 words off for like a few days, everything else written, except for the last line or two.
“Steve?” Tony ducked his head in through the door. He half expected to find him on the sofa already awake drawing some new sketch, all the while sporting Tony’s old shirt, just like Tony had found him so many mornings before. He crept his way behind the sofa, hoping he could finally scare the man and maybe even get a glimpse of what Steve was drawing. Steve was usually very sharing of his drawing journals but there was always one or two Tony would catch Steve hide when he walked in.
"The press isn't going to believe our break up if they keep getting shots like those." Tony hissed at her.
“No I couldn’t do that.” Tony grunted pulling away from the lady. He turned to say goodbye to everybody when his eyes suddenly caught something. A blonde being led by a waitress to a nearby table. Steve. “Actually Bruce is a smart guy. He can handle taking a cab home. Right big guy.” Tony said turning his attention back to those around him and a very confused Bruce.
Steve started doing a mental catalog of all of his sketchbooks trying to remember which ones had sketches of Tony’s half naked body on them.
"-And that. That's the second time you've said it to me," Tony looked up, distraught covering his face, tears threatening to fall despite Tony's best efforts to hold them back. Shit, this was not how he planned the day to go. He was going to go there to surprise Steve with a nice breakfast, and then surprise him with a nice gift. Hoping to somewhat return the favor for how Steve had cared for him. And then confess to stealing the art journal Steve had snatched from his hands before he could open it. But Steve would be okay with it because he had been wined and dined and gifted. NOWHERE in the plans did there include
“Stony! Stony! Stony!” The group of friends cheered as Steve and Tony popped their champagne bottle.
"Uhh, Mr. Stark. Sorry, I must have gotten the hours mixed up. I thought you said you were coming at noon."
"Yeah." Steve smiled. "So if I'm going to take someone to share in this big momentous... moment with me," he paused for emphasis, "I want them to mean something to me, and I want to mean something to them. I feel like this special celebration requires a special someone, not just any old friend. If I take someone, I want to-" he cut himself off and stared into space, trying to sort out his jumbled thoughts, Sam leaning patiently against his desk, "I want to hear Buck and Nat exchange their vows and go through their first dance and probably smash their wedding cake in each other's faces and I want to be able to look at my date and just...have everything feel...perfect and be overwhelmed by this sense of love and happiness- and and I know that I'm going to feel all that regardless of whether or not I bring a date, but you know if I do bring one I want to be able to look across the table and have hope of one day going through all that myself. And call me old fashioned but ..." His voice trailed off as he stared hopelessly at Sam who had a small endeared smile on his face, his eyebrows slightly lifted. Steve was grateful Clint was doing a story in Europe otherwise he would be laughing his ass off at him, thankfully Sam didn't have the same reaction.
“And the fact that you made it yourself…” Clint added when it was his turn to hug Tony goodbye. The rest of the group muttered along another series of
“Thanks.” Tony said as he retrieved the phone from her. He turned around in time to snap a picture of Steve leaning into the dolphin's nose. His forehead pressed against it, eyes closed, lost in the moment. Steve opened them, laughing, as he turned to Tony, who snapped another picture. Steve bearing a toothy grin as the dolphin kissed his cheek.
Tony gave one last look over the living room. Streamers and balloons were meticulously placed throughout. Photos and drawings of the couple were placed throughout. On one wall they were arranged to make a heart.
"We're still in my parking lot." He quietly exasperated, not because he was at mad Tony for not having moved yet-- though this how Tony took it-- but because if he couldn't even last getting out of the parking lot, how was he going to last a whole meal?
PLEASE GO CHECK IT OUT!!! It would honestly mean the world to me. If "I Have Pie..." made you smile please return the favor by bookmarking my new story on Tapas <3 Love you!
“Well. I mean it would be a big deal.” Piped up Simmons. “I mean because you know he’s Tony Stark, super genius Tony Stark who invented so much of the technology that I work with and the advancements he made in prosthetics and heart surgery, are essentially the only reason my aunt is still alive. I mean as kid knowing that Tony Stark started doing amazing things at such a young age, building robots, programming, inventing things, ecetera, ecetera, well it motivated me and helped me ignore all the adults and kids who mocked me and said I was too young to do all those things. He graduated MIT at such a young age too and he’s founded so many great programs, he started a scholarship trust and h-”
“This has been great. But I just remembered I have a experiment to finish and it’s time sensitive.” Bruce stated getting up from his chair.
"I love this song." He stated at one point, as the song in the background changed to a new one. He raised his arms, a wrench still in his right hand, closing his eyes lost in the music. Steve watched as the man began swaying his hips tensing his muscles in rhythm. Steve listened closely, wondering if this was another rock song. He couldn't believe it when "dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh" began coming from his speakers, Tony still completely lost in his amazing little dance. Steve rewatched that scene more times than he would be willing to admit.
“Um. Easy. Bucky,” Steve started listing, Tony suppressed his grin as he wrote Bucky down. “Um. Well, me. Thor. Sam. Clint.” Steve said counting with his fingers pausing for Tony to write them down, then with more hesitance, “and you?”
Here's what Steve told the guys, but with spaces! Sorry it's all smushed together up there, (and no commas!!) it's just poor nervous Steve forgot how to take breaths between words /.\
"Dialing You know who I am," Jarvis replied. After a few rings Steve heard a groggy hello from the other line.
Steve let out a soft yawn as he blinked himself awake. He smiled as the sunshine coming in from his window met his eyes. He turned to face his alarm clock, 6:25 am.
“I-I failed at making you breakfast.” Tony reminded him, his anger and frustration slowly dissolving, however, at the sight of Steve’s huge dorky grin.
him...we’ve just been... hanging out.” Steve said his face returning to the color he had thought was only activated when he was around Tony.
I'm planning on doing one more chapter, at least, were they actually get together. ;) pls let me know if you guys like it so far, do the flashbacks make it hard to follow? :(
"I was going to give it to you when I gave you your other stuff but-" he moved his head side to side still eyeing Steve anxiously waiting for him to open it.
Tony knew Steve was right, he had been showing up every morning for the last couple of weeks, replacing the usual once or twice a week thing they had going before that. Even when they had spent the night before together watching a movie, baking (they had gotten pretty good at it after months of nearly burning down the kitchen), or teaching each other new skills (Tony was proud to say that not only had he been able to teach Steve how to use electronics, they’d recently moved onto the basics of coding, Tony was also proud to say that his stick figures, though still stick figures, were not as crappy looking as before), he still showed up every morning under the pretense of needing to hide from the girl he had been with the night before.
Steve was trying to reassure himself as he kept a straight face and listened to whatever Coulson was saying.
"-nd so I am very excited to work with you this quarter and more so next quarter Mr. Rogers." Coulson ended handing Steve back his sketchbook.
Steve stopped walking, bringing Sam to a hurtling stop as well. He unhooked himself from Sam’s arm and turned to face him. “You’re gonna ask Simmons to marry you?”
"OKAY!" Steve yelled shifting his own jeans as he reached to turn off the water. "I- I think that was uhhh, yeah. You don't smell anymore."
Tony turned around to look at Steve. There was a prideful grin on his face that Steve was starting to resent.
He looked back up at his smirking group of friends and rolled his eyes. Jane grabbed another one of his fries.
“Okay you have one more minute to play with the babies.” A voice on the intercom informed them. Steve and Tony joined the chorus of aww’s that arose from the group.
When they went to the adoption lady she looked at Morgan, then at the men. “Morgan is a very sweet bright girl. However, I must tell you that she and two of our other children have gotten very close.” She pointed at Harley and Peter who were now sitting next to Morgan and playing with her. “They met each other in foster care a few years back, when Morgan was still an infant. They did well in that home. It was just the three of them and after a few months, the boys started telling everyone that the three of them were siblings. And now that Morgan can talk, she's been calling them big brothers. They lived there, together, for about two years. They aren’t related by blood, but they are by love. They don’t want to be separated. And if you can find it in your heart, adopting the three of them would change their worlds.”
bachelor party right? I wanna make sure he knows his customer and that he’s meant to let you do most of the work.” Bucky answered grabbing a nearby sketchbook to flip through. Steve lunged at him pulling it, and any other nearby sketchbooks, away. Since that night of nursing Tony he had been drawing him more and more and he no longer knew which sketchbooks were friend and family safe.
Steve considered this, wondering how Bucky would take to it. He looked at the bright mirth and hope in Tony’s eyes. This was all so resemblant to when Tony gave him the phone. Steve was scared of ruining it again.
Tony tried to answer but instead, the words just got stuck in his throat causing his voice to hitch, he resolved in just nodding his head. Steve was already cocking his head down towards him.
“Tony thanks again for all the food you brought. It was incredibly sweet, you really shouldn’t have.” Laura said as she hugged Tony goodbye.
“You didn’t tell me you were a food critic.” Tony said narrowing his eyes as a smirk formed on his face.
"Uh," Steve chuckled, "well someone took over my bed the night before so..." Steve grinned as he looked down to see what his hands had been drawing. Of course, it was an outline of Tony stretched out fast asleep on his bed. He quickly stopped his pencil and flipped to a new page, determined to draw something else.
Tony quickly cut him off. Then awkwardly laughing explained, “I was just teasing you. It was stupid sorry. Also I don’t really need car keys to work my car, it’s just sort of habit to carry them around and use them. Watch this.” Tony explained to Steve, then facing his dashboard said. “Jarvis, start ignition.” Then back at an impressed Steve, “I could even do autopilot, but I like driving.” He finished as he backed his car out then drove to the movies.
"No. It's just I'm not a very tech savvy person. You shouldn't have to shut a part of you up though, especially one that is such a huge role in who you are. I mean you love it right? So why not talk about it?"
“it’s Wednesday, you have work in the morning, and I’m like a forty five minute drive from your house. Shit why did I let you drive me home? It would have been faster if you’d just driven home and I called for a driver. Sorry, that was inconsiderate, that’s me though, the selfish basta-”
Steve was calm, rational, and always had the best interest of those he cared about at heart. Tony liked that about Steve, he could talk to him for hours and Steve would actually listen, not just nod his head and stare off into nowhere. Steve wanted to know about Tony’s life, about his childhood and what inspired all his projects. He put up with, and challenged, Tony’s brash, stubborn, hot-headed self and was always there when he needed him. He had let him hide in his apartment when he had every right to turn him away and call him a pig. Steve was somewhat of a hero in Tony’s mind, someone he admired, and though he knew he would never be able to be like Steve, he knew he still had a lot to learn from him.
“language!” Steve said as explanation in the most serious face and tone he could muster, before breaking into a grin that caused both him and Tony to erupt into giggles.
"Hmm. Whatever could it be?" Steve teased as he carefully turned the box around in his hand. He could see Tony jumping in his seat from his peripheral vision. He tried to hold in the smile that was creeping on his face.
“Maybe we can bake a pie for us there,” Bruce suggested. “There obviously won’t be enough here for all of us. I’m hungry. Tony’s got all the ingredients there. Let’s make our own.”
Yes, Tony had been sleeping, after a long irritating day of meetings and the fact that he hadn't had a single good night of rest the whole week, he gave in easily enough when Jarvis pleaded him to get rest. When his lights turned on and his phone started blaring Steve's ringtone, well sleep could wait, more important things had just come up.
Shirt - idk, some polo french tucked. Maybe that white one from the pants picture? But looser and french tucked, because yes, Tony and Steve are the hugest fans of Queer Eye (and yes, they insert all of their thoughts and opinions while watching)
Thought Steve as he dry swallowed the lump of food in his mouth and leaned in even closer, examining the dark blue fabric that hung loosely around Tony's smaller frame. The silver star, normally stretched tight on his chest, slightly drooping on Tony's.
“Steve how come you’ve never taken me to your special spot? Am I not special enough for you?” Bucky asked as Nat showed him the texts.
“Well we were already planning on meeting Saturday so I can give you back your stuff right?” Tony said as they came to a stop light, turning to face the man completely.
"The hell happened to you? You look like a zombie." Sam greeted Steve as he walked into the office later that morning. Steve held up a finger to get Sam to be quiet and he squeezed his eyes as he said:
“Oh good, so you are aware that my title isn’t your therapist. I was worried. Considering how many times you’ve sat me on this sofa and you laid down there.” Bruce bantered.
Steve looked at the wall clock again. “Okay you guys need to leave,” Steve said looking around his apartment, now overflowing with friends. “He’s going to b-” right on cue, his buzzer rang.
"Yeah, I was building something...I needed materials that I didn't have at home." He replied to her interrogation, still refusing to meet her eyes.
“Oh. It’s not as cold as I expected.” Steve said as he stepped into the water. Tony stifled a laugh as he followed him in. They were wearing blue and black wetsuits and were eager to start swimming with the dolphins.
That caught Steve’s attention. He stopped focusing on the details of things just within reach of his eyesight and started focusing on what was directly in it.
“Well, no this is different.” Bucky pointed at him. “I’ve seen Tony’s parties on tabloids Steve. I’d rather not end the night with a helicopter crashed in the swimming pool and a tiger roaming the house. C’mon, don’t shirk your responsibilities Steve, I want you to plan my party. Not him.”
“Okay buddy, just stay right there. It’s not that far from me, I’ll be there in a bit okay.” Steve said as he put in the address into his GPS, guess the damn thing wasn’t a waste of money after all.
And just as quickly as it happened he was gone. Tony was left blinking at the ground below him. His face was flushed and his body was apparently very excited now. He blinked a few times as he rebooted his brain. He looked around to see where Steve had run off to. Nothing. He looked down at his crotch to remind himself they were playing tag and to calm the fuck down. When he felt he was decent enough he went off to go look for Steve.
He rubbed circles in Tony's back, and massaged his hair, as the contents in Tony's stomach decided they would much rather be in the toilet.
“Don’t need a hill” Tony hiccuped as he began to try to climb onto the hood of the car. “I’m genius. I just made our own hill.” He declared once he was able to scramble on top.
Tony’s jaw tensed at the word stuff. But he reminded himself that could mean anything, like eating or watching tv…
"Well as a reporter you really oughta know that you have to clarify what you're saying." Steve smiled taking his coffee from Sam's hands and sitting down, spinning his chair to face his computer.
“Language” Steve teased, and if this whole moment wasn’t enough to completely wreck Tony and ruin him for absolutely anybody else, then feeling Steve smile into the kiss was.
Steve looked at Tony, checking to see the man’s reaction before he excitedly said yes. Tony nodded encouragingly.
"No. A new model. Different from all the other phones out there." He sighed not wanting to get into the details with her.
“Okay well first of all, that was once, and no one was injured. And I am going to be the one to plan your party, he’s just going to help me think of stuff. Buck, if I’m left all alone to do this then it’s going to be very boring and simple.”
“I don’t know Steve I feel kind of hurt that you baked a pie without me.” Tony joked trying to shake off the new thoughts he was having about his neighbor, okay maybe not new, but they hit him like a tidal wave all of a sudden and he didn’t know what to do with them.
For the allotted ten minutes Steve and Tony were allowed to pet the two cheetahs, who never really paid them much attention. Except for that time when one of the cheetahs kept licking Steve’s hand. During those ten seconds, Tony found himself unable to breathe and take his eyes off Steve’s hand, in fear that if he did it might not be there when he looked again.
He looked at the sketch of Tony lying nearly naked on his bed, he tried to not let the horror show on his face.
Tony took a second, because the way Steve growled that into his ear was damn hot. It left him stammering and melting.
“What was that?” Steve said, turning to the living room. Now that his eyes were fully accustomed to the darkness he could see all the decorations. Balloons, streamers, and photos taped against the wall. The frame that fell took with it a balloon, then shortly after, ended its life.
“...If… If you're not doing anything today, I also have to review a movie and the zoo...maybe….would you care to join me?” Steve said, mostly to the bread on his plate. He forced his gaze up, ready for rejection because of course Tony Stark would have his day filled.
“Are you sure you are okay driving this late though? I mean you’ve been up since god knows what hour and, and I’ve got spare bedrooms, you can even have my bed, you know, get even with me, and your workplace is like a twenty minute drive from my house versus what like thirty five from yours? Not that I’ve checked or anything because that would be weird.” Tony stopped talking and stared at Steve.
“Okay.” Tony cleared his throat. “Now that you have the basics down let’s plug in your old phone to transfer everything.” He reached for both phones.
“You went into your bedroom and came out with this shirt” he tugged at the one he was wearing, it was hugging his muscles perfectly, “you said something about how that shirt had gotten you through some hard times growing up and in college and how you were wearing it when you first got J.A.R.V.I.S to start working and that you wanted me to have it to help me get over the girl.” Steve ended with a warm smile.
with the knife. He gently placed the slice on Steve’s plate, grateful the filling didn’t fall out enough to reveal the box hidden inside. He cut his own slice and sat back down.
“Sowwy God. The-the man- the voice from the box told me not to move.” He said lifting up his phone. Steve noted Tony's other hand was clutching an empty wine bottle.
“Hey, before, when I said I can’t believe we're still in the parking lot or whatever, I didn’t mean it like in a bad way. I meant it like in a ‘
There were various quotes about freedom and seizing the day and doing the right thing and following your dreams and your heart. Quotes Steve had told Tony he had always been fond of reading. Tony, of course, had found it incredibly adorable but decided to tease the man about it instead. Steve read a few of them, his smile growing even wider, then he remembered the nervous man in front of him. He glanced up, his smile reaching his eyes as he took in Tony, who was, to Steve’s surprise, cowering in his chair trying to make himself smaller as his eyes just kept getting bigger and bigger, like he was no longer proud of the work he had done.
“Me too.” Nat piped in as she took a seat on the sofa. “I helped bake it.” She reminded the rest of her friends.
“Right.” Steve came back to him. “But. We’re gonna mess up all the hard work you put in. We’re gonna ruin the photos.”
“Wanna go talk with them?” Tony asked Steve, trying not to sound too hopeful. Steve grinned at him and nodded for Tony to lead the way.
“So this is a date then?” Steve said, or rather meant to say because all he was able to do was open his mouth and let out a “Uhh hehehehe.” Then to the waitress, “Can I get a cold glass of water. Please.”
Carefully, Steve began to read the beautiful handwritten engravings on the box, a smile tugging on his face and something else tugging on his heart.
. Steve closed his eyes and let out a deep exhale, the body next to him suddenly freezing. Steve quickly opened his eyes,
Tony smiled and shuffled back onto his back, simultaneously scooting infinitely closer to Steve. Steve remained still for a moment, looking down at Tony, his eyes intently focused on memorizing every little detail of Tony’s face.
Here is a drawing of Tony that I really love that the end scene with the stars made me think of : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BSDLhOOCIAAWmo2.jpg
“Yeah.” Steve nodded, biting his lip as he grinned. His eyes were getting more accustomed to the darkness and he was slowly able to better appreciate Tony in all his glory.
Now this story is a Stony story. So while there are many that deserve special tribute and the best world they could possibly live in, they aren't the focus of this story and may not even be mentioned. Know that they are still in my heart and are living happily inside this world, and other worlds that other authors have created for them.
As always thank you so much for reading! I really hope you guys enjoyed it :) Comments are always encouraged :D
"Okay." Steve let out a shaky breath as he went to undo Tony's belt. He was pretty sure that by now Tony could probably hear his heartbeat.
“So you really haven’t eaten in three days?” Steve asked pulling the milk out of the fridge and Tony out of his thoughts. “Guess it was a good thing I baked pie then.”
“Um I was, am, making you breakfast” he looked back towards the stove then back at Steve, “you know to say-” he swung his head back to the stove.“Shit!” he yelled pulling his hand away from Steve’s and, ignoring the searing pain, running towards the pan that now had flames spewing from it. Tony quickly turned off the stove, grabbed the pan and put it in the sink, Steve immediately turned on the faucet and they watched the breakfast Tony had worked an hour on be washed away.
I made for this story! Anyways, while uploading I reread and edited the past chapters. Nothing too big or story changing (since I’m doing that for the
“Two hours after the dolphin show ends and the meet a cheetah is ten minutes after that.” Tony said checking the pamphlet.
“You haven’t come over in a few days and I just-” He began explaining, upon seeing Tony’s confused face, “- I don’t know if I made you upset or made things awkward between us by talking to you like that so I just-”
"I drove Tony back to his place last night andendedupstayingthereandweslepttogether--butnotlikesleptslepttogether--welltechnicallywedidsleepsleeptogether--butlikeactuallysleptsleptlikesnoringslept--onthecouchandthenRhodeyfoundusanditwasawkwardbutIdidn'twanttomakeitawkwardsinceapparentlytoTonyitwasn'tthatawkward--andthenwehadbreakfastandhesaidIcouldpicksomethingoutfromhiscloset--andmanhisclosetisbigandweendedup--orIguessIendeduptryingonnearlyallofhisclothes--thoughIguessyoucouldsayitwasthetwoofussincehekepthandingmestuff--and it was a lot of fun causehehadJARVISplaymusicanditfeltlikewewerelittlekidsplayingdressupandwetalkedabunchthroughoutthewholething--ohanddidImentionwespentthewholenighttalkingtoo--yeahwetalkedtillwefellasleeponeachotherbutitsreallynobigdeal can you guys stop making it such a big deal? " Steve said, taking a much needed gasp of air.
“Hello Mr.Stark. I’m Jemma Simmons, it is a huge pleasure to meet you sir.” Jemma said bowing in front of him causing Sam to swipe a hand along his face.
"So why do I owe you a towel?" He asked trying to keep his voice light but managing to crack it anyway.
“Okay if you two can step into this room, there are some waivers you have to sign and be given instructions for after the show.” The worker replied signaling them into a room.
Well, aside from original characters with their own awesome personalities and backgrounds, this story will be a lot longer and include more backstory, more pining and more pie making!! Also, there will be more characters to fall in love with! Plus, Terry is Black and Matty, or Mateo as he lets Terry call him, is Mexican.
“Hap it ain’t good. Bad idea, why'm just a bad idea person. Listen... Hap, I need you to pick me up.” Tony said wandering further away from the house, the music was getting too loud, he didn’t know how anyone could hear themselves think.
“... It’s a pie” Steve mustered halfheartedly pointing at the pie, hoping with all his might his face wasn’t as pink as it felt. “I don’t know, I guess I was worried is all…” he mumbled to the pie.
"Yeah. I was actually meaning to call you today but you know... work and stuff." Tony shook his head in disappointment at his inability to sound suave and caring.
“Yeah.” Steve grinned. “You mentioned that but you also said that you could build anything, you were a mad genius and how hard could a pie be.”
It was as if they were frozen in the moment, peering into each other's souls and hearts, as the world kept spinning on, them completely oblivious to it. A shooting star streaked the sky above them, but neither could care less because they were already looking at something more extraordinary.
Steve felt his phone buzz in his pocket and he took it out. It was a new message from Tony. He smiled as he filtered out everyone’s voices and concentrated on his phone.
“Hey man, listen I really appreciate you not going to your newspaper with all this.” He said, voice growing sincere and serious. “Not that many people would do that, keep it to themselves. Especially with my home address. Even if I slept with them they prob-which I know we didn’t,” he added, upon seeing Steve’s cheeks go pink. “Just, really thank you, it means a lot to me, I’m sure that there were a lot of things that happened last night that would have been perfect for a front page story. I...just thanks buddy.” Tony said looking Steve in the eyes, unable to even begin to explain how much all Steve had done for him meant to him.
Steve pulled out his phone and sketchbook as soon as he got back to desk. For the second time that day he found himself staring at his new phone. He slid his finger across the screen as a button labeled contacts appeared.
“Aren’t you guys always saying you're my best friends? Huh what happened to that?” Steve pleaded once Sam’s finger was off the button.
“And I’m Natasha his fiance, ditto on the killing you part if you hurt Steve.” Nat said as Bucky released Tony’s hand. Her expression though was a lot nicer than Bucky's as she shook Tony’s hand.
“Tony!” Steve nearly shouted as he threw a finger up in the air, he hated hearing Tony say those terrible things about himself, no one should hate themselves that much. Steve looked at a wide eyed confused Tony,
Every second felt like a minute. Every minute an hour. Steve was only two bites in when he regained interest in the photos on the wall, eagerly standing to go look at them. Tony took a chug of milk, eyeing the slice of pie before standing to join him.
If you’ve enjoyed this story, I have another Stony story that is a lot longer and still being updated (it’s been a while, but I’ll update soon!). It’s called
Steve narrowed his eyes. Tony was rambling. One of the many things he adored about the man, yes, but not something he did in bed. At least not recently. Those first few months, okay year, he was a rambling stuttering red-faced mess in bed. Eventually, he was able to regain his “game,” as he called it, finally having his turn at turning Steve into the rambling stuttering red-faced mess for the following months. They still left each other muttering breathless moaning messes. But they had gotten pretty good at talking game.
“All of the above. Hey these fries are really good, don’t you think so Nat. We should order some more. I think I’ll take some home with me.” Steve said grabbing a fry and inspecting it, he turned to Nat with hopeful eyes. She smirked.
“R-right…” Tony stammered out before quickly turning on his heel and walking into his apartment. He heard Steve’s door close moments after his did. He couldn’t make it to his room or a chair, his heart was beating so fast and he was having trouble getting his breathing under control. Still holding onto the doorknob he let himself slide slowly to the floor.
Tony’s senses flared up. He had done a lot of kissing, but nothing had ever made him feel this way, even with Pepper, his only actual relationship before Steve. This was different, it was gentle but needy at the same time, like it was something they had both been waiting for their whole lives, it made him lose his mind and had him begging for more. He wrapped his arms around Steve trying to pull him closer, despite the lack of space already between the two. Steve’s hands were wrapped around Tony’s neck, caressing and memorizing Tony’s jawline.
THANK YOU FOR READING. I love you. I really appreciate all those that have kept with the story, and to all my new readers... I'll try to be more consistent with the updates... try being the operative word :D
After Thor gave him his next task he weaved his way back towards Steve and Jane. Jane had just about finished folding all the grocery bags, storing them in a nearby bin.
Tony’s chest swelled up with an emotion he wasn’t sure what to call yet as he tried to stop the huge open mouthed grin that so desperately wanted to grace his face. With a blink he slowly moved his gaze from the starry night sky to Steve’s crystal blue eye’s towering directly above him.
Steve chuckled, knowing what that text would make his friends, and anyone else prying through his phone, think. Just a Steve was about to text a response, he received another one.
“So you really drew these?” Tony was walking around Steve’s apartment, shake in hand, while Steve finished up washing the dishes.
Tony tore his eyes away from the pie and landed them on the man he loved. His pulse quickened. He tapped his glass with Steve’s. “And to 3,000 more.”
Tony nodded, then picked up his fork and started eating his breakfast, inviting Steve to do the same.
“So?...Do you like it?” Steve asked eyeing Tony, who was still intently staring at the key like nothing else in the world existed.
“Okay Tony, do you know what would be really selfish? Not telling me where you are. I mean you know, I woke up at three am, got dressed, ran down 8 flights of stairs, and am sitting in my car. And I just really want to go pick you up buddy; but how am I supposed to do that if you won’t share that information with me?”
“What I meant to say was- or what I’m trying to say is that you know, you’re an amazing friend so I can only imagine what a great boyfriend you would be.” Tony laughed trying to play it off, maybe Steve would see his speech as totally platonic. “Like you know,” Tony added, for good measure, “in general, you’re good at stuff and whoever the hell is lucky enough to... you know, uh-”
They both took long sips of their coffees, each trying to figure out a course of action to take. Sam opened his mouth to say something but was cut off by a resounding "Wilson!" that echoed across the floor.
“Cool! If you’re cool with getting wet we could sit in the splash zone.” Tony replied and was answered with an excited nod from Steve.
"It's cool to be able to see all this Tony -- your process, the way you work... thank you. It means a lot." Steve said as he thumbed through a few more pages. He could hear Tony chewing on something on the other line. The thought of food made his stomach growl. He stared at his takeout box, forgotten in the enchantment of Tony Stark. "What're you eating?" Steve said as he picked up the food and made his way towards his microwave.
“Cheetahs are the friendliest of the big cats.” The zookeeper explained to Steve and Tony. “So, remembering the training I just gave you, come up and pet them.”
never mind. Come on I made breakfast and a shake that should help with that hangover.” Steve said making his way over to the bed to help Tony up, ignoring Tony’s efforts to push him away.
"Yeah. You have one of your sketchbooks on you? Coulson wanted to take a look, you're already in but well you know..."
“Don’t. Don’t apologize Steve, not to me okay?” Tony cut him off, head snapping to face Steve. “ I love that about you, out of everyone I know you’re the only one- at least the only one that matters- who always calls me out on my shit. You’re not scared to talk straight with me, okay, I don’t want that to change, don’t- don’t be sorry. I needed to hear what you had to say. You know you’re right, the one night stands... they aren’t what I want, they aren’t what make me happy.” Tony stopped, he was staring intently at Steve and realized that he suddenly felt the urge to add ‘your what makes me happy’, but before he could figure out what his mind was trying to tell him Steve hopped off the counter and headed for the fridge.
(this story as a longer original work) I'm excited to explore how that scene develops once I write it!
Hey so.... it's been a year.... yeah I'm not even going to bother with excuses. Just sorry and here you go :)
"What? You have a huge dorky grin plastered on your face. You-did you- you find a date for the wedding?" Sam asked, eyes and smile widening in curiosity.
“Very well!” Thor beamed and, ignoring Jane’s no, carefully picked her up and set her on the couch with a gentleness that starkly contrasted his appearance.
Steve’s eyes flickered back and forth between Bucky’s and Sam’s each staring at him expectantly, demanding his answer.
early bird! I freaked when you didn’t open the door, and I didn’t want her to recognize my voice and come outside so the accent was my best idea, also I may have been a little-okay more than a little- drunk. Well buzzed at best. Well maybe more drunk than buzzed. So yeah. And I mean c’mon we had just finished watching Dead Poets Society-” Tony cut himself off from rambling even more and making himself look like an even bigger dork in front of the laughing Steve.
“Well,” Tony shrugged like it was nothing, “I mean I got the idea Friday night after I sent you that first text. I already had most of the schematics and general programming done, mainly in my head, before you even answered the phone, and by the time we had hung up I already had a rough idea of all of the steps I would take to realize the phone. So yeah, when we hung up I finished all that, then actually built it. It wasn’t that hard considering I own a tech company and can get any parts I want whenever I want. It’s-” he shrugged again, dismissively.
