She dressed down, jeans, tshirts, fitted plaid button ups and her hair was usually in a pony tail or in 2 braids.
Castiel made his way back to the bunker shortly after Sam, or Gadriel, had left, leaving Dean alone with Kevin's lifeless body.  Having stolen that other angel's grace, Cas had heard Dean's prayer to him.  Unable to zap himself into the bunker due to the lack of wings, he phoned Dean.  He wasn't too far and would be able to make it there by the next morning.
Dean grinned as he placed his left hand on Castiel's right hip and his right and wrapped around the angel's tie.
Cas swallowed, "Me too, Dean."
"I know, I know," Cas drove, into Cain's driveway. "I figured, if I could just talk to him...."
Dean ran his left index finder softly down the front of Cas's underwear, "Mmmhmm. It's where we met, Cas.  It's romantic.
Castiel was in the middle of dropping his pants as he listened to the hunter's worries, "What about it makes it homosexual?  We are not engaging in sexual intercourse.  I fail to see how dancing in shorts, that society deems as unmentionables, is an act of homosexuality."
Dean laughed harder, "This is how you dance, Cas."
anything different," Sam sighed. "Just get your Busty Asian Beauties and let's go."
Dean wouldn't let Cas help with anything tonight. Not the cooking, not setting the table, nothing.
Sam looked down at her hand in his and smiled, "Oh, he's a family friend.  KInd of my brother's boyfriend, but they don't know that I know.  I started going to the library to give them more alone time."
When they slept, he was the big spoon, leg draped over Castiel's legs and Miracle at their feet.
"You should be dead," Cas puzzled as he retracted his blade.
"We parked it here," Sam looked around him.
Cas stared down at his milkshake in disbelief, "It really does attract the boys!"
Cas leaned in and kissed the hunter's lips.
Dean took the ring out of the box and threw the box to the floor, "Gimme your left hand."
For some reason, he decided he wanted to channel surf the 5 channels his little television received.
Cas looked down at the silver band sitting so perfectly as tears began to well up in his eyes.  He bit his lip and pulled Dean's face to his as he pressed their lips together, "Of course I will, Dean.  Of course I'll marry you."
"My milkshake," Cas said as-matter-of-factly.
This worked out really well for them, because no matter what Dean did, he couldn't help but tackle his angel.
"Sorry, my brother's on his period and doesn't like changing his tampon in public bathrooms," Dean laughed as he grabbed his stuff, winked again, and headed for the door.
One particular early afternoon, Cas was sat in the library, reading one of the Bunker's many books, this one on Biblical mythology.  He wanted to see what they got wrong and what they got right.
"Shhhhh!" Sam hushed, grabbing the girl and throwing themselves into the roadside ditch as three cloaked beings walked by.
Glancing down at the screen, he sees it's Cas.
"I'm sorry, Dean," Cas murmured. "For going along with the spell.  I should have listened to your wishes, but Sam was so insistent and I just wanted you back."
To live alone with just me
Cas and Dean kept stealing looks at each other, occasionally making eye contact.
"What are you doing?" Dean, manly, wiped the tear away.
**********STAY TUNED**********
"Sam, don't be ridiculous.  Cas can't be my Colette.  I don't have a Colette," Dean winced and grabbed his arm as the mark burned hot.
"Patience, Sammy.  I may want to read something a little different today," Dean cracked a smile and a wink at the male cashier.
"Hi, Sam.  Eileen," Cas shyly smiled and politely waved at Sam and Eileen. "I was in Pontiac. I phoned your brother yesterday, not sure if he would respond.  But he did."
"I said to be here at six!" Dean scolded.
"Wha-?" Beth started.
"That would be me!" Dean grinned.
Cas was reminded of all the times that he had let Dean down and made stupid decisions.
"Yeah, well, you're still a demon," Cas snapped.
"Cas would absolutely love you!" he would tell Miracle at least once a day.
Beth tried to laugh, but upon realizing that Sam's facial expression was anything but humourous, quickly stopped, "So, vampires and shit?  They actually exist?  Edward is real?"
John and Mary finally get in contact with their sons and join the ragtag group of hunters and Men of Letters at the bunker.
"Cas is your Colette, Dean.  Your profound bond, it's what Cain and Colette had.  You two have saved each other time and time again.  You carried around his trenchcoat for a whole year, Dean!"
Clara was a cute, bubbly 27 year old, law student wannabe.
“We’re going to your room now,” Cas soothed. “You need a proper sleep.”
Dean spun around, manly wiping a tear from his left eye, "Yeah. 1967 Chevy Impala. It's from my dad."
Nothing much interested him, except for channel 5. A music channel that played all '80s hits, all the time.
Sax music began after a short commercial for Biggerson's and Castiel's ears perked up as a soulful George Michael belted out his emotions.
Dean sat on his side of the diner booth, thumbing at his orange juice glass, cheeky smile on his face, and just gazing at Cas.
Tell me how you gon' be without me
"I don't know, Dean," Cas glanced around at all the books. "I doubt we will find much information about the Darkness in any of these books.  Lucifer and Michael are still in the cage.  Gabriel is dead.  The only other angel that could help us is Metatron, and he's mortal, running around somewhere with the demon tablet.  And I'd sooner kill the ass then work with him."
About 5:30 there was a loud knock on the bunker door.  Dean raced up the stairs and threw the door open.
Coffee and study dates were fine, but, unlike his brother and Cas, his pants were staying on.
The two men climbed into the impala and drove all the way back to the bunker in silence.
It felt right.  Like their lips belonged together.  Like these were the lips he was meant to be kissing for all of eternity.
"Cas, what Sam said, about.....you know...you being....my.....um....." Dean stammered.
The drunken hunter proceeded to groove in time to the music, pointing his finger in the air and thrusting his hips wildly.
The two grandfathers meet....and it isn't exactly pleasant.
"His car is gone, too," Dean shoved his phone in his pocket and picked up his stuff. "We're walking home."
My heart won't move, it's incomplete
Dean was not about to have Sam walk in on him having a no pants dance party with Cas.
Dean starred at him for what seemed like forever.
“Oh, I don’t know, Castiel. I’ve heard you’ve gone soft in your old age.”
“Well, yeah.” Benny raised his axe to his shoulder. “Just makin' sure you kids don’t need rescuin’ again.”
“Cas? I think--” Dean’s quiet, ragged voice spurred Castiel into action. “I think I’m bleeding.”
"Really? It looks different with all these forget-me-nots." Cas placed a finger against his lips. "But that does explain it."
Dean blinked and some of the exhaustion in his face receded. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“This is a safe place,” Cas says. “I apologize for the brightness.”
“You’re not so ruthless these days.”
Ash shoved Sam onto the patient’s cot, piled high with warm blankets, and dug in the bags underneath his supply table. With a triumphant noise, he produced a waterskin and a small capsule. He held them both out to Sam.
“No,” Castiel said again.
“Give up?”
"I'm sure I could find one for you."
There were fighters, mercenaries, and knights in the audience but the majority of the eyes watching him were just plain old citizens. They were mothers with their children at their hips, fathers with tension in their shoulders, vendors with gold rings on their fingers, and elders with a stoop in their spine. They did not sign up to fight. They did not ask to be part of the War. They were just people-- everyday people who were trying to survive-- with hopes and dreams and families they loved. Dean asked them to trust, to work, to give their lives. Dean asked them to risk all they had. A prepared, hollow speech was not enough to convince them.
"You, of course, will be hitched to the front."
“Link?” Castiel’s realization hit him like a lightning bolt. “That’s how Metatron has been controlling the Creatures. Though you.”
“You promised me you would live,” Castiel said. “I will make sure you do.”
“Dean what--” Sam stained with effort, but his body did not move. “I-- I can’t move. Dean. What’s happening? I--”
Castiel nodded. The strange hollow sensation in his stomach surged. Castiel held onto his side and hunched over.
Before Charlie could speak, a new plate clattered against the table. Dean slipped into the seat opposite Sam. Sam jumped back from Charlie. In his haste, he slid off the bench. Dean’s blank expression never wavered as he watched Sam struggle back into his seat.
The wave drenched the Captain and hit the first few rows of soldiers, despite their quick action. By the time the army regained their balance, they realized it was only the first wave.
“Okay,” she said, her voice breathy, “uh, you know I’m not, uh, you know I’m--”
“Uh, yeah you do. I saw that bruise on your chest.”
"I suppose it is."
Dean leaned against the kitchen counter. Intellectually, he knew Celestials lived a long time. As a human who would be lucky to see old age, he could not conceive of a thousand years, let alone from the dawn of time. A year was a long time for Dean. A year had to pass in a blink of an eye for Castiel. Dean's fingernails scratched against the wooden countertop as he thought about it.
There was no warning, no call, no scream, before Dick cast out his arms. He hit Dean and Benny in the centre of their chests, hurling them into the empty pool. They sunk into the brittle dirt, too winded to keep from being buried. Dick’s eyes never left Castiel’s face.
“Vic?” Dean asked.
He wrapped the towel around his waist and exited the stall, bare feet slapping against the tile floor. He planned to apply the ointment to his tattoo and try out the new hair gel Sam gave him— it was supposed to help his hair stand up— but, instead, he stopped in the middle of the room.
A fresh current of air ruffled Dean's hair as he stood stock still, his lips slightly parted. "Uh, yeah. Good job, buddy."
Dean’s mouth dropped open at Castiel’s simple assertion. “Wha-- you’re not--”
Winter’s on its way. He’s been warned about the cold and the wet heavy snow. Betty even buys Dean a parka, citing her worry that it will snow early. He’s looking forward to wearing it.
Cas's light dimmed more, the halo around his body almost invisible. "I can't."
Castiel should have launched forward. He should have plunged his sword into the Metatron’s heart right then and there. He should have ended it.
“They’ll follow him.”
Dean closed his eyes. There was an energy around him. It was something kind and sweet and divine— like father, like son.
A laugh bubbled up from somewhere in Castiel’s stomach. He pictured Benny in a sailor's cap, long fangs dripping with blood and the laugh became a giggle.
Maybe he should try just saying it.
All the Creatures stared at Dean, their eyes glowing in the setting sun. Dean swallowed. Garth watched him. Lenore and Benny observed him from the porch. Dean looked all around the hidden village and he did not see monsters. He saw people, families, and friends. He saw hope.
The guards at Kevin’s door failed d to hide their surprise at the strange entourage approaching them. The Captain gave them an abridged explanation and, after a few short moments, Castiel entered Kevin’s room, alone.
“Course. You know, that room could be yours if you wanna give up the whole legend gig. I could always use another server.”
When Sam stood in the sea cave-- still reeling from the portal and his own exhaustion-- and watched Dean try to claw his way through the wall, he finally figured it out. A broken heart was hard to fix and Sam was not sure if Dean knew why it shattered in the first place.
Joshua clasped his hands in front of his chest. “Yes. I thought you would say that. You never could rest, could you?”
"Come now," the female vampire purred, "you think you're the first knights sent after us?"
Dean did not know any of this. To Dean, he looked like any other guy.
"No, no. I mean--" Dean sighed. "I mean back in Lawrence, like years ago."
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, quiet and simple, like Dean had not let his surprise get the better of him. The last time his voice went that high, he just hit puberty.
After everything with Walker settled, the Angel Task Force returned to their studies. Dean attended each lesson, as he always did, but he could not shake the unease he felt. He constantly checked the place his wound had been, expecting a growth or something equally horrifying, but he only found healthy skin. He was quiet in class and skipped his reading lessons. Castiel let him.
“I see,” Castiel said. “What is your first instinct?”
"No, I'm not." Castiel set the medicine aside and returned to his place at the edge of Dean's bed. "I don't want to give you medicine. I want to heal you."
“Someone’s gotta keep an eye on Aaron, don’t you think?” Dean gestured to the dancefloor, where a group of recruits kept checking the bar. One of them tapped their friend on the arm then pointed excitedly at Garth. “Your adoring public awaits.”
Dean tosses Sam the keys. Sam doesn’t comment, bless him once again, and climbs into the driver’s seat. Dean curls up on the passenger’s side, rests his head against the window, and doesn’t say a word the whole drive.
Dean had to wait. Dean hated waiting.
“It seems we have much to talk about,” Lenore said.
“What was Dean’s mission anyway?” Pamela asked. “No one told me.”
“You’ve been watching me?”
“A moment of weakness.”
The Mother consumed Balthazar's attention. “You seem familiar.”
“Whatever, dude. Same difference.” Dean clenched his jaw. He sat silent for a few moments before he spoke again. “It’s been a week and a half. I don’t know where Sam is.”
“Yeah. I’m not gonna ask where you’ve been the last few years.” Ellen leaned down to look Castiel in the eyes. “Just take care of yourself, okay?”
The pool rippled again. Counting the seconds between each occurrence, Castiel knew his time grew short. The intervals started at an hour, then half an hour, then fifteen minutes. Another rippled pulsed across the pool once Castiel reached ten minutes. Castiel waited at the end of Purgatory and began his count again.
Castiel looked down at those human hands. They should do nothing to hold down God, yet Castiel craved their touch. One day, He would have them. He knew that with the full certainty of God.
The doors swung open. Castiel leaned over Seraph’s stall, stroking his mane. Seraph nudged Castiel’s shoulder with his snout in what Dean swore was a gesture of comfort.
Castiel could not walk down the hallways without inciting whispers wherever he went. While he would much rather remain in his room, he answered the king’s summons. He answered them each time upon the first call over the past week.
,” Aaron said. “I mean, dating Dean’s brother?”
Rufus waved as Sam walked away. He heard the men bickering as he left. His next visit was not for a patient, not officially. She had a clean bill of health, only in need of rest, but he wanted to check on her anyway.
It should have mattered. It all mattered. Castiel could not seem to care.
“That’s because I had you with me.”
Wearing his new ripped skinny jeans and a black t-shirt with a white skull and the word "Misfits" across the top— Hilda told him it was a band Castiel should start listening to so he would not be a "poser"— Castiel returned to the bunker in the late afternoon. New leather combat boots squeaking other bunker’s tiles as he made his way to the kitchen, Castiel did not think to check the room before he entered it.
"Cas." The world was quiet. The only sound was Dean's voice, Dean's shaky breath, Dean's beating heart. "Why did you save me?"
“It’s actually Castiel.” Sam shrugged. “Most people don’t ask for his name.”
On the sixth day, Castiel showered.
“You are kind to me,” Castiel said. “I don’t know if I deserve it, but I thank you all the same. In return, I promise to reunite you with your brother and return you both home.”
"Witches," Castiel mumbled into Dean's chest.
In the middle of it all, Cas stood.
"Be you. Just be—" Dean closed his eyes. Heat rose to Dean's cheeks. His heart pumped faster with each passing second. Finally, he pressed their foreheads together, and whispered, "Cas," so sweetly against Castiel's lips.
“I can see that,” Castiel said, running a finger under Dean’s eye to catch the tears.
A few moments later, Cas was in Dean’s bed, wearing a soft t-shirt and sweatpants, holding a sick, sniffly, sweaty Dean in his arms. Dean snuggled up to Cas, not bothering to pretend he didn’t want to, and buried his face in Cas’s chest. There, Dean listened to the strong beat of Cas's new human heart
A ghoul, her ashen skin showing her hunger, lunged past Dean and Castiel and went straight for Sam’s bare neck. Dean rushed to Sam’s defence, severing the ghoul’s head before her teeth pierced Sam’s skin. The three werewolves Dean turned his back on stuck, their mangled claws still threatening in the colourless Purgatory sun.
"Great," Dean said. "You know I'm gonna be thinking about that all day, right?"
“Dean.” The doctor lowered his brows. “You
"Hello, Dean," Castiel said when it was clear Dean planned to remain in suspended animation.
Sparky jumps and lengthens in the air, becoming the same sword Cas wielded a moment ago. When it falls back into Dean’s palm, it's a cute little ball again.
On the bright summer morning Sam tended to his patients on the beach, the people were not worried about the reasons behind the Flash. They were busy trying to treat the effects. When the Flash occurred, many fighters were unable to shield themselves from the radiance. They looked directly into the light and, as consequence, their eyes burned out. Many of Sam’s patients had bands of cloth tied over their eyes.
"So," Benny said, "a couple of decades at least."
“Kneel,” the Metatron said.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean lay his hand against Castiel’s chest, feeling his heartbeat. “Can you promise me something?”
Dean rubbed his eyes and slapped his cheeks. “‘M fine.” Right after he spoke, he broke out into a wide yawn.
Dean’s release builds, threatening to take him over. All his muscles tighten and he goes taut under Cas. Heat pulsates throughout his body, converges between his legs and he can’t stop it. He can’t stop it even though he wants to hold on a little longer, to give Cas a little more.
"Hate to break it to you, Cas, but God doesn't give a shit."
“I-- I’ve never--” Castiel stopped there but Dean knew what he meant.
“We are in the sky,” Balthazar said, his steps assured as he approached the Gate.
Sam did not feel lucky. In fact, he felt sick. He leaned over the side of the platform just before his stomach decided to expel everything within it. Blood and bile. That was all he had.
“Oh, it’s not that hard,” Pamela said. “You just stand by the Captain and nod every once in a while.”
“I don’t know, Bobby, I think you’ll wanna hear this,” Dean said.
Sam said nothing. He saw Dean make the cake. He knew better than to say anything about it-- or even come into the kitchen while Dean was working on it-- so Sam pressed his lips together, a secret teasing smile sparkling in his eyes.
Castiel stood on the roof, his skin exposed to the cold. He watched over the city, his back to Dean. In the moonlight, the scars on Castiel’s back stood out in stark relief against his skin. Castiel inclined his head at Dean’s arrival and waited.
He found Sam in the diner next door to the motel. Sam waved Dean down when he entered, pointing at the other side of the booth. Coffee, a plate of bacon, eggs, and toast, fresh and hot, were waiting for him.
Sam resumed his walk around the room. He bit back his next question. Instead, he took the opportunity to observe John. The man hardly moved and his emaciated form gave him trouble whenever he tried. He appeared tiny, unthreatening, from his unmoving place on his slab. However, there were moments, when John looked Sam directly in the eye, that suggested there was far more to this man than how he appeared. It begged a question, one Sam knew he had to figure out.
No one could see Sam like this. Sam could not keep living like this. He told Dean he stayed behind to spend time with Jessica. He told Jessica he needed to return home early with Dean. He could barely make it through a day of his studies without something going wrong.
Dean eyed her, his head tilting in a very Castiel-like fashion. Her hair was close-cropped. The armour and sword she carried spoke to the many battles she both fought and won. Her brown eyes sparkled with undisguised amusement at Dean’s confusion. The expression stirred something within Dean’s memories but it still took him a few moments to reconcile the skinny village girl he remembered with the muscled warrior before him.
Sam chewed his bottom lip, then decided to just say it. “Jess is pregnant.”
“What do you need me to do?” Castiel asked.
“You met her.”
Nervously sipping at his second beer, Sam waited for Dean to arrive. The nighttime regulars filtered into Andrea’s Tavern-- mostly off-duty soldiers and civilian volunteers-- one by one. From his corner table, Sam kept his eyes on the door and watched each one arrive.
“Well, whatever.” The nurse reached behind his back, producing a gun. “If you see a creepy, floating woman, point me to it.”
The problem was what would happen around Dean. Castiel could not avoid him forever, though he was ready to try.
“I have learned that I am not the master of my fate,” Castiel said.
“Last clean glass in the place.” Ellen set the glass down and handed Dean the bread, shaking it insistently when he tried to refuse it. “Eat.”
Dean’s voice is casual, practical, nonetheless his words sink into Cas’s chest like a knife. He dips his head down, taking a step back, and only hears the man in front of him shift uncomfortably, before his voice grunts
"What? What's wrong? Do you need a doctor?"
"It's a two people mission, Lora and Jonathan are already out. We're not good. Some of the people are getting sick, we need antibiotics... I can't let them down... I don't want to."
He reaches for the half smoked blunt inside his jeans pockets. He started using drugs when he’d realized they numbed physical pain, made him sleep a little more peacefully, although it meant waking up in a cold sweat the morning after.
"You're late, we're all starving" John replies, getting up and pulling in the momentum Brian up with him. He stops, looking Dean up and down, and he feels compelled to straighten his white button down and his jeans. After a couple of seconds the old man huffs, walking to the kitchen with his grandson, who was oblivious to the tension that had filled the room in just those few moments and was still gurgling happily. Sam wasn't of course, his lips stretched thin in a forced smile, the silent
"How... do you know that?" he asks, carefully. The Angels had bailed long ago. He was pretty sure only Dean's closer circle knew about him; his grace had drained almost completely way long before most of all the people had joined them. And she was way too young to know him as anything else other than a libertine and a junkie.
– and music –
They did not say vows. Dean had forbidden them for two reasons. He knew he wasn't good with words. And he knew that Cas would've come up with some poetic dissertation about Dean's soul, and he had no intention of bawling in front of fifteen people.
“You are walking back in the storm?”
Dean brain buffers. He hadn’t used his insurance since the day of the accident. Who could have stolen it? A light bulb blinks in his head
Dean’s voice snaps him out of his mind, and Cas looks at the gps on his phone, one eye darting to the gas tank symbol on the dashboard.
"Where the hell have you been?" he demands, his voice raising, and he closes his eyes when he hears Cas sigh.
“Uh-Uhm… The person I was with has just been called in… I’d like to go… too”
Once home, at eleven pm, he’s not tired at all. He decides to do laundry, something he usually left for Fridays. He grabs whatever looks slightly dirty, picking up last the jeans with the coffee stain, checking the pockets and finding the black card the tiny English man had given to him. He goes to crumple it two times, stopping to stare at the red numbers, before deciding to pick up his phone and dial
“Right… How are you feeling by the way?”
When the black goo receded enough for him to see again Dean was standing in front of him, arms slightly outstretched, brows drawn together. Castiel feels the slick sticky ooze slide off his shoulder, arms, waist, legs, until nothing is left. He doesn’t turn his head, he knows he’s in the bunker, the dim light didn’t stop him from seeing the hunter’s red rimmed shiny eyes.
"I said are you alright?"
The line goes silent again, then
They stay silent for a while, for how long Castiel can bite down his tongue. Dean was clearly angry, and he couldn’t stand it.
“Hey? Green Eyes? Hey, c’mon stay with me… Dean? Dean!”
"Joyce!" the girl squeaks
"What...?"
Dean frowns
“What did you want to say?” he screams, realizing how vague it might sound, but the way Dean looks back tells him the man knows exactly what he’s talking about. To make it clear though, he waves the cassette tape, taking a few steps to get closer to the man.
"What...?"
"Uh oh, I am fine" Dean lies "just overworked myself".
"Collect as much as you can" he orders, peaking out of the window, from where he could see Team one firing and grabbing the croatoan’s attention, slowly retreating so that their backs were against the building in front of the hospital. All seemed to go as planned, until his eyes wander to the main street, and his chest tightens when he see three demons walking towards Richard's group, that seemed unaware of the pending threat. Even from that far and with so little grace he could see their distorted features, walking right past where Joyce was supposed to be posted.
Richard and team one move out and Cas’s heart sink when Joyce glances back at him one last time before disappearing with the others. He'd tried to convince Richard to leave her with his group, but for the man she was way too weak to carry out the antibiotics cases but small enough to be a good sentinel.
“No shit, dumbass. You threw up on yourself, I had to clean your mess”
It’s a whisper, but somehow it holds the power of a command.
Castiel scrunches his nose. Not for him.
Dean grins
It’s midnight, he’s setting his phone on his nightstand, already in his striped pyjamas, when the screen lights up. The number is unknown, and usually he doesn’t answer those calls, but something was holding tightly his gut, stirring his insides, so he picks up.
“He wasn’t your client. He was Michael’s”
He waves a hand, escaping to the bathroom to take a look in the mirror. Charlie was right, he did look agitated. Castiel thought he wanted to sleep with him, that’s why he kept going back. But that wasn’t true – yes, he was a beautiful man and yes Dean’s body and mind seemed to react every time he was in the vicinity. But that wasn’t the point. He splashes cold water on his face, wincing when his side suddenly stings, the familiar pulling of his ulcer showing itself again. It had disappeared for a while, and he’d almost forgotten about it.
"I... I'm gonna try to find some food... You need anything?"
"What the hell are you doing?"
A pause. Then
His finger is hovering on the red button when the English voice comes through the speaker again
He’s just stating the obvious, but he hopes that it would nudge Dean into leaving him alone. The man just huffs.
When he retrieves them a small vial is hanging from his neck, grace twisting and dancing inside of it reflecting the sunbeams.
“Yep. Goodbye green eyes”.
"Oh right your grace... the one I thought you consumed!"
"Dean, I commanded armies. I led an entire garrison"
Dean swallows and Castiel winks, walking out.
"Please don't be mad!"
Dean retort sound hollow even in his own ears. He absentmindedly grabs the offered can, sipping slowly and trying to ignore the pulling at his side.
"Using my grace..." he replies, wondering why he Dean was asking and hating the answer
“He was barely eighteen, and he was confused. He didn’t need that, he needed someone to talk”
"Wha-?"
"It was nothing... really"
"Maybe, but I don't think they would've stayed with me or called my family"
"If I had powers maybe I could have saved him..."
“Shake you?”
"I can't believe I trusted you..." Dean whispers, his voice hoarse "Just... go to Lana and get stitched up. I can't look at you right now."
They stayed quiet for a minute, after which Dean’s back at grumbling.
“Do you need something?” Castiel suddenly asks, and Dean almost swerves into the other, lane. Apparently, he wasn’t being so subtly.
"Dean! Dean what happened, are you alright? Did you get hurt?"
He walks to the bed, ignoring his aching muscles and the bleeding cut on his forearm. He still remembered the first time he got hurt after he’d lost his grace, when a flying bullet had grazed against his side. Instinctively he’d tried to reach inside of him, to mend the damaged flesh and sooth the pain, without results of course.
Friday goes smoothly, if he doesn’t count the three mistakes that have him stay till seven in his office, or the growing pain in his side. Maybe he should get it checked again.
“It’s the tv Sammy”
“Damn it Cas, what?”
"Night kid" both Winchester reply, watching Jack paddle away along the bunker hallway towards his room, his pointy party hat still strapped to his chin.
That night he doesn’t sleep well again, his minds refusing to shut down. He wanted to know more about Castiel – he couldn’t really come up with an excuse on why, but he was working on it. That’s why he stops again to the convenience store the day after.
Dean wasn’t exaggerating, the man was even paler than before, and a constant twitch shook his hands every two or three seconds. When he sits, moving like on autopilot, Dean is able to see a red patch of small bruises on his left pectoral before Castiel notices him peeking and raises his hands to button up, glaring at him. Dean can’t help but cock an eyebrow in an unspoken
“Why not?” Sam asked. “You said it yourself: there’s no time like the present.”
“How do you know that name?” The Captain asked, his voice low and full of urgency.
“Well, we
Sam doesn't speak with words as they follow Cas across the Empty. He doesn't have to. The Winchester brothers spent their whole lives together, creating their own language of eyebrow movements and significant looks.
The voice came from two mouths-- the vampires’ mouths. Their heads lay face up and side by side on the dirty, cracked, and broken floorboards.
Dean spins around and Cas is there, smiling, the sunlight shining off him like it’s his own personal spotlight.
“Garth’s our newest family member," she said. "He Awakened in record time. He’s shown such control.”
A few days later, Meg found him. She patched him up, gave him a place to recover, and shielded him when his enemies came looking for him. Once Meg's actions came to light, the Demons exiled her from Hell.
Sam stretched his arms over his head, attempting to ease the persistent ache in his back. It did not help. As he did every time he woke up, Sam patrolled the room, searching for an escape route. Usually, that action would prompt a comment or six from John about how Sam should give up hope. Today, however, John said nothing. In fact, John did not move-- not once-- from where he sat.
“But I don’t wanna hurt you.” Dean shakes his head and puts Sparky back on his shoulder.
Sam’s parting words echoed down the hallway. Alone in the library, Castiel shook his head and smiled.
Jessica would listen but she was busy with work and Sam did not want to burden her. Sam considered bringing Kevin to the Captain, to Frank, or to the king. He would have to sooner or later but Sam wanted to figure out if Kevin’s knowledge was reliable first.
"The peonies needed some encouragement," Cas said, coming up behind Dean, "but by next week they will be ready. Once we harvest those, it’ll be time to prepare for winter."
With no pretensions, no secrets, and no ability to dislike anyone, Garth was exactly as he appeared. He was the eldest of eleven brothers and sisters and the smallest. His father spent the first decade of Garth's life worried that his son would never find his calling but Garth's uncanny ability to have everything work out for him-- if sometimes in an unorthodox way-- eased his father's mind. When Garth decided to follow his whims to the Capital, his whole family wished him well, knowing he would be just fine.
"Well, here we are!" Dean hoisted his shovel over his shoulder and secured his grip on his plastic shopping bag full of seeds. "Your own personal Eden!"
“What?”
“Oh?”
"I rarely sleep through the night." Cas held up the hand not on Dean and wiggled the remote. "So I figured out what this does."
“Not a good one, I’d wager.”
“What happened?” Dean asked.
“All the higher-ups went into lockdown. Dear Saint Peter made the call. But, you know,
Castiel blinked and raised his head at the sharp tone. He kept his face blank. Unlike most people, the Captain never looked away. He held Castiel's stare, his face dark and shrewd.
“I have reports about all our recruits.” The nearby bottle was empty, but the Captain shook it anyway. He sighed and set it back down. When he looked up, Dean’s eyes burned with an unspoken question. “I’ll admit. The name Winchester caught my eye.”
"Cas!" Dean shouted, because he remembered now, remembered everything. He yelled to be heard over the vengeful spirit's favourite party trick: icy, howling wind. "Help Sam!"
He smelled Death.
“C’mon,” Dean whispers into the wind, “where are you, man?”
“Thank us?” Sam asks.
“Thank you,” Sam said. “I’ll have to talk to Jess. It’s a little soon.”
"Yes. All of them." Cas touched the smallest leaf on a tall elephant ear plant. "But the bunker doesn't have any windows." When Cas pulled his hand away, the leaf was noticeably broader. "They need sunlight."
Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s, pulling back as soon as they touched. He moved closer to Dean, until they stood chest to chest. One of Castiel’s hands slid over Dean’s shoulder to rest on the back of his neck, and the other held Dean’s chin. Castiel remained still, staring into Dean's eyes, and dropped his gaze deliberately to Dean’s lips.
and didn't tell me?"
Castiel sensed His Dean's longing. It was a familiar pull. Castiel waited.
Behind Dean and Castiel, Charlie looked at Sam. Sam looked at Charlie. In unison, they stood and hurried from the room.
“If you say so.” Garth stood from his seat. “Well, I don’t know about you, but I don’t like being late. See you later, Sam.”
The wind blows and the sun shines.
And Dean, easily, without a thought, went to Cas.
Dean's head felt like a helium balloon in a vice, but he sure as hell wasn't going to let that comment go. Dean had to cross oceans to reach out and grab Cas's shoulder, but he managed to do it.
“On our last mission,” Pamela said, “he drove us all to the point of exhaustion but he showed no signs of stopping himself. That’s not from endurance training. That was…” Pamela shivered. “Inhuman.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “About what?”
“Did you do it?” Sam asked when they pulled back. “Did you find him?”
Letting go of Castiel's shoulders, Dean gently pried Castiel's hands off his elbows— Castiel had not realized he had been gripping him so tightly— then closed the last of the distance between their bodies. Taking Castiel's face into both his hands, Dean pressed their foreheads together.
"Cas." Dean reached out, grabbing the lapels of Castiel's trench coat. "Cas, just come back to me."
“This is one of those worlds?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and stared at the floor. "I know how you
Dean held out a half loaf of bread. Castiel took it, passing it from hand to hand like a child’s ball.
The gesture broke Castiel's reverie. “What’s on your mind?”
Castiel would have given Dean a reply but he would not hear it. Dean laid in Castiel's arms, fast asleep. For the first time in a long while, Dean rested. Castiel was content to let Dean remain there for as long as he wished.
That smile never left him. He only realized it when he approached the throne room and Sam saw waiting for him, the expression on his face rather reminiscent of the cat they found digging in Sam's garden back when they were kids. That was how they ended up with a cat named Chamomile for a few years, after Sam treated her herb-induced stomach issues. That was also how Dean leaned cat fur-- especially when it was on his pillow-- made him sneeze.
“I went somewhere. Somewhere else. Somewhere I had the opportunity to speak to people in my past.” Castiel licked his lips. He still did not fully understand what happened. He was still unsure if any of it was real, but he did remember how Dean grabbed his wrist and asked him to stay. “I saw you.”
“Just tell me what's going on!”
"Then please trust me when I say that my intention is to help." Castiel sat straight backed in his chair, his face serious and his eyes far away. "But there aren't many Celestials who think like me."
"Yes." Castiel turned his head, looking into Dean's heavy lidded eyes. "Me."
Castiel pursed his lips and leaned back in his chair. Everything Meg had said up until that final word failed to make him lose his composure. Now that she had finally done it, she took a long drink before she looked at him again. She did not hide her face fast enough. Dean saw that flash behind her eyes, even if he did not understand everything it held.
The something in Castiel’s chest surged and threatened to burst when Dean brushed a hand across Castiel’s cheek. When Castiel looked down at that hand, Dean jerked back.
“I see,” Castiel said. He wrapped his arms around his knees. “I think, by that definition, I don’t have a home.”
Castiel approached the training dummy, the straw stuffing poking out from its cloth covering. It resembled a torso, with a circle representing a head attached to the top, and that was more than enough for Castiel to see a face. The face sneered at him, sneered as he did when he sat upon the Throne of God, a throne he never helped build, and stripped Castiel of his command. The face changed shape, changed to one of disappointment, the same expression on the face of the one Castiel thought he loved. The face kept shifting, changing to the late and current king, to the ones that died under his command, to the one that lived, and then, finally, to Castiel himself.
Yet another vampire crossed Dean’s path. Yet another vampire lost his head. Dean owed Garth a beer or six once this was over for grabbing his gear for him.
Baby Cas, wearing his new yellow onesie with a cartoon bee on his chest, proved to be the greatest attraction at the grocery store. Dean forgot that the first Tuesday of the month was the extra senior discount day. It seemed like everyone's grandmother and their cat came out to coo at Baby Cas. When Baby Cas pouted at all the unwanted attention, his chubby little cheeks were pretty tempting to pinch. Dean had to admit that.
“I never attempted to hide it.” Castiel scratched his chin, his stubble almost a beard. “Do you truly know nothing of the Angel?”
Dean’s anger faded away as quickly as it appeared. He saw the sad smile on Castiel’s lips and felt responsible. He was not, but he did not know that.
Dean doesn’t say anything. Dean
The King of Hell was dead. Ever since then, Castiel had more bodies, more evidence to follow.
He reached the training grounds amid a group of recruits. Each one tilted their head back to view the towering castle.
Realizing his arms were still hanging uselessly at his sides and not around Cas as they should be, Dean quickly rectified the situation. Next, he noticed that his and Cas’s lips were going very much unkissed and there was an obvious solution to that. Dean leaned in and kissed Cas exactly as he should have twelve years ago.
So, all Sam had to do was not get caught. Ruby stopped at the end of a long row of shelves hidden in the darkest regions of the library. She put a finger to her lips, making sure Sam followed her instructions, and pointed up.
The union of Dean and Cas— held in the meadow and officiated by a tearful Sam— became a day of legend. Hunters from all around attended the wedding. All of them had a story to tell when they returned to the road. Those stories spread far and wide.
“I have?” Castiel asked.
“Still, there are some advantages in taking the long way.”
Bodies covered the beach. Many were human, a lot were Creatures of the Night and, on the rare occasion, a Celestial with burned out wings turned the sands black. Sam picked his way through the beach, checking every corner, every shadow, for threats. The only life he saw were in the Creatures marching beside him.
“What do you mean?”
“That means you need to get to Purgatory.” Balthazar closed the remaining distance. “To do that, you’ll need me.”
Everything went white.
Castiel did not speak. He did, however, manage a glare.
“Who?” Sam stepped forward. His hand touched a wall made out of the same stone as the floor. “What are you talking about?”
“Nothing. I was up there”-- Dean raised his chin toward the sky-- “then here.”
“So’d I.” Dean lowered his chin, watching the toes of his boots hover in the air. “Cas kinda-- I don’t know-- freaked out, I guess. He ran off on me.”
Sam smiles immediately upon seeing his. Dean reciprocates. He'd been the one to raise him, after their mother had died in an accident, when he was four and Sam was just an infant, their father too preoccupied with drowning himself in work.
"So kid, a doctor uhm?"
“Dean...” Cas stops, looks around. Now even his ears are tomato coloured, and Dean is losing patience
Dean should just let it go. He knows he should just let it go. The man in front of him had shown him an act of kindness, helping him to the hospital, the least he could do was just let it go, let him live his life. Dean had tried for a whole week to avoid that man and finally it seemed like he was trying to do the same. Why ruin the moment?
He put down the leftovers, sitting in front of it, relaxing his shoulders, the domestic tinkling of ceramics and glass the only sound that filled the room for a while.
The car ride back is silent. Castiel siting back, eyes trailing lazily through the windshield, Dean trying to remember if he’d ever seen scars on the man’s body the few times he’s seen him half naked. But apparently his memory had decided that what was worth remembering were his firm forearms, the delicate lines of his jutted lips, the pink of his nipples or the spars hair trail that connected his naval to his crotch, and nothing else.
"Ok woah stop!" Dean shouts, and he obeys again, his breath coming out in short, sharp gasps, letting green eyes reach across him and do it for him.
Castiel tried to calm down, his chest raising and falling at an unhealthy speed. He realizes he’s grabbing the front of Dean shirt so hard his knuckles had gone white, when he let go the fabric remained wrinkled, and even at the faint light of the lantern he could see the dark, wet stain of tears were he'd pressed his face
He knows that he’s supposed to ask before doing something like that. He also knows that Dean rarely understand feelings if they’re not delivered with a little bit of force. They can work with that. Together.
He humms, swallowing the bile that was threatening to climb up his throat.
"Completely"
"No" Castiel replies, so loud and fast to force him to look down, ashamed at how needy it sounded.
"Kid what the hell!" he exclaims, helping her up
“What the hell happened? Who did this?”
Castiel doesn't answer, his eyes scurrying the lines before giving a small nod and bending forward in an attempt to stand up that is immediately cut off by a grunt and Dean's hand on his shoulder, that had moved before his brain even gave the order.
“I’m shopping…”
At being spoken to the girls hiccups, tensing up. Not exactly what he wanted.
Dean was too confused to be embarrassed, but before he can ask for clarification they arrive at their destination. As he suspected, the store was closed.
"Just so you know, for birthday humans usually eat cakes" he says after the first bite, needing to change the subject before his heart exploded, still feeling fuzzy and content, plunging the fork into another big chunk of food, finding the courage to look up. Cas’s head was tilted, the smile back on his lips
Without even looking up she hands him a form and a pen.
"Oh, I met your knew neighbour! Yummy!"
"Cas! Cas what's wrong?" Dean yelps, falling on his knees beside him, the hand that was on his shoulder now on his back, dangerously close to his scapula.
Dean felt like someone had reached into his throat and was trying to pull out his gut. Cas really thought that? He wanted to deny it, but Joyce talked first
Dean cautiously walks toward the sounds that were coming from the farthest part of the store. Castiel had his back to him and was talking to a very short man, who had to be the manager from the way he answered
Finally he gets up, stepping into the shower and trying not to think too much about it. Five minutes weren't a lot, he could still get to work on time, and the day would've just set back into its comforting routine.
Dean nods, then remembers he’s on his phone
"He's up now! And by the way good tip. Richard was about to get the truck"
"What will be my punishment? For ruining the mission. You know Dean Winchester... will he be really mad?"
He needed coffee.
“I’m here with Castiel Shurley… I was taking a phone call when he got call in”
She glares up for five seconds before he adds
“Just stop the noise already!”
Not without glancing back at Castiel, who sits still with glassy eyes focused on nothing, Dean walks up to the counter, where a very bored middle-aged woman was typing lazily on a keyboard.
"What?"
"I'm just saying you could do better..."
The angel clears his throat
“Is he going to be alright?” a thin voice asks, letting him know that Chucks is standing on the door.
That's why the words had come to him so naturally, as he followed the movement of his own fingers that tapped rhythmically on Cas ribcage.
But the man didn't let him finish, starting to stitch his side unexpectedly and ignoring the hiss that came from Cas lips since the area was still not completely numb yet. Dean already knew what he was about to say, 'it's ok Dean', 'it's not your fault Dean', and he didn't want to hear it. It was his fault.
And even though he knows better than letting down his guard Castiel does, raising his head to drown into desperate green eyes, bloodshot and puffed, but still beautiful, Dean’s smile pulled tight as his hands are back on the angel’s shoulder, gripping tight.
He thanks her, robotically walking up to the annoyed receptionist.
"Soon..." Castiel voice is a feeble rasp but they are close, so Dean has no problem hearing it.
The little man's eyes flicker on Dean, and immediately changes expression with a slick smile showing yellow teeth
"So... what's your name?" he asked, hoping to distract her.
Dean nods. He lightly scrapes the bottom of his plate and tries to initiate a conversation again.
Walking back to the waiting room he's holding in one hand a stereo foam cup filled with hot coffee, sipping like his life depended on it, and in the other a bottle of water and a paper bag with one of the muffins, the other already in his belly.
"Joyce" he says, trying to use his most soothing tone "you need to close your eyes"
Cas’s shoulders sag a little and Dean immediately stops, eyes flickering around the room.
Still the prospect of having something to look forward to until the end of next week makes his lips tug up a little, for approximately four seconds, until something above him crashes on the floor and grumpiness washes over him again. That was it. Pushing himself off of the bed he scrambles to his shoes, putting them on and marching himself out his door and up the stairs without lacing them up.
is beautiful. Cas’s breath catches in his throat at the words “If the sun refused to shine I would still be loving you” and curls on his side, holding the player against his chest, making sure the headphones stood into place, letting the chords of
“What’s up Cas?”
When he moves his head up Dean’s eyes are open wide, and Cas’s heart folds on itself when he sees how scared the man looks. But he has to push through. He has to know what Dean had to say.
Cas hears Sam’s steps in front of his door, probably directed to his room since the clock on the bedtable was blinking 23.45.
Dean hand darts in front of his eyes grabbing his wrist
As he walks out of the room Castiel could sense Joyce follow him, and was glad when she stopped once he reached his barrack, getting into the room and pulling off the trench coat and what was left of the shirt, using the latter to press against the wound on his side. He had no intentions to go to Lana. Grunting painfully, he let his wing out, the right one hanging pathetically in a weird position, and closing his eyes he slid on the ground, letting his head rest on the wall.
On the end of a child's dream, Castiel flew from the church to a rally held in a city centre during the near future. He landed in the middle of His people. At a woman's gasp, the throng of bodies turned to Him. Signs bounced to the ground, chants echoed into silence, and they stared at Him with widened eyes. They looked at him in awe, wonder, reverence, and fear. Castiel accepted them all. They would learn to love Him.
“A--” Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times. “A
Cas raises his hands and flattens his palms against thin air. The air shimmers in response. After taking a short, stabilizing breath, Cas begins to glow. It starts at his heart, the same blue white light of his grace, and radiates outward until it surges through his palms.
Dean yanks Cas’s tie. “No. No goodbyes. No goodbyes because you’re coming back.”
Every time, the light would bathe Dean in radiance, bathe Dean in warm sunlight. The light would wrap around Dean, gentle but firm, and, together, they would ascend.
“You and--” Ellen flattened her palms against the bar and sighed. “You and Castiel. What’s happening there? Why did you bring him here?”
After the day's training, Dean charmed two steaming mugs of apple cider from the cooks at the dining hall. With them, he made his way to the stables, careful not to spill a drop as he moved, and found exactly who he hoped to see.
Rosemary Winchester-Moore was born less than a month after Sam’s return to the Capital. Sam held Jessica’s hand through her labour, calm and rational the whole time. The first time he held his daughter, however, he cried.
Castiel shrugged his uninjured shoulder. "It will heal."
When Ruby turned around, Sam was nowhere to be seen.
Til next time!!
“What do you want?”
"Barnes?" Garth held his chin in his hand. "That sounds familiar."
Castiel made an amused sound and stood from his chair. He walked behind Dean and clasped a hand on his shoulder. When Castiel raised his hand, he let out a gasp. Dean looked down and saw a clear imprint of Castiel’s hand on his shoulder and Castiel watching him with a worried expression.
“Not all bad,” Castiel said.
When he saw Dean walking through the hallways, Castiel wanted to shout it so it would echo through the bunker.
. So many angels have fallen to Cas’s blade, or to his civil war with Raphael, or to his short stint as a god. Now, Cas has a chance to help them, to free them, and to put Heaven and Hell back in balance.
Castiel mumbled out a few sounds before he was able to form words around his sleep coated tongue. “Did we win?”
Captain Singer squinted in the bright sunlight. “Yeah, well, I get older. They don’t.”
“Because I went to her house!”
“I’m not gonna kill him. Yet. And this way you’ll listen.”
And in love, with Dean as…
“As I said: you met her. What does that have to do with anything?”
“Precisely,” Castiel said. “Humans are famed for their free will. I suggest you use it.”
He let the students sweat a little bit more, then broke out into a grin. “At ease.” The order was followed by a flurry of movement. “Nice job, all. Not one person broke. Unlike last time.” Dean whipped around, pointing a finger at a young girl in the front row. “No naming names,
“Aaron has it handled, remember? Relax, Dean, we’ll be fine.” Sam stepped forward and gripped Dean by both shoulders. “Now go find your Angel.”
The wind picks up late in the evening and continues into the night. The house rattles and creaks. It makes Dean a little nervous but his good workmanship holds up. Dean settles into bed and hopes like hell no one is out there. They’d need cinder blocks for feet to stay upright.
Joshua nodded. "He must care for you a great deal for it to still shine so brightly after all that time."
"Hey, now," Sam said, "don't underestimate the power of moral support."
Castiel jerked back from Dean, blinking as if he had just woken up. He broke away from Dean, backing away far enough so they could not touch.
The doctor shook his head but Dean saw that little smile and spark of amusement in his eyes. It was so cute.
Balthazar flicked his wrist. “Yeah?”
"Well yeah," Dean said, rubbing the back of his head, "you told me too."
Dean was turning into something, something demonic, something the world had not seen since Cain. Castiel did not say that. It did not matter. It did not matter because--
“Oh no.” Dean stood next to Castiel and bumped their shoulders together. “Ramble on, my friend.”
“Trying to!”
Jessica smiled when Sam did what she suggested. He liked it when she smiled. He liked a lot of things about Jessica. He liked the fact that her favourite colour was yellow because it reminded her of the cheerful flowers in her village elder’s garden before it was destroyed in the raid. He liked that her nose crinkled when she laughed. He liked how she would draw pictures in the soot when she cleaned the fireplaces and he liked the colourful art she made when he gifted her with proper supplies. He liked her calloused hands, her knuckles red and raw when she had a long day, especially when he could hold them. He liked Jessica-- all of her-- but it did not feel like a strong enough word.
Yeah. The cold.
What the fuck, Winchester? Not the time for that.
But Castiel heard those voices, did he not?
For a while, it worked. Sam thrived. He found fulfilling work. He learned more and more each day. He was in love. His face when he told Dean about Jessica was as adorable as it was disgusting. The autumn had been good to the Winchesters.
“Oh, nothing, really.” The Empty shrugs. “It's just part of our deal.”
“That’s it?” Dean asked.
Sam bit his lip and reminded himself he was no longer dwelling on the past. He continued forward.
Running his fingers down his cheek, Castiel narrowed his eyes. Dean mouthed Anael’s words and glanced at Castiel. Dean shook his head, not seeing any of it.
“Eat my--” Reflexively, Dean’s hand went to his sword. The Creatures hissed until he took it away. “Garth. What happened to you?”
"Have you seen Cas at all today?" Sam asked.
“Well, it was barely summer when I left.” Dean rubbed his chin, his steps slowing. “I hope Sam’s okay.”
“Dean keeps them off my back,” Sam said, “and, well, I wasn’t the one who studied under him or travelled with him or was given his sword. I was his friend, sure, but…” Sam tapped his fingers against the table. “Dean and Cas always had a different kind of bond.”
“Demon,” Castiel said.
“I--” Castiel's back hit the doors, rattling them. The horses whinnied at the disruptive noise. “Please forgive me.”
Castiel watched the king, watched the boy named Adam, as a veil of melancholy fell over his face. He did not appear as a king now. He appeared as a young man who could never ask-- could never know-- if he had a family. Sometimes it was easy to forget that Adam was only in his thirteenth year. Castiel ached for the boy, but he knew any comforting words offered by him would be met with a sneer.
“It’s official.” Cas cast his hands wide and did a little bow and oh no Dean was so gone. “I’m human.”
, then we will have a problem."
“Illustrations?”
In a measured tone, Castiel asked, “Did he?”
“A knight?”
“Yes, yes. I know you hate prophecy. But this is the one the Metatron wrote.”
And, because Cas gave him the wide, sad blue eyed plea and Dean was so goddamn in love, he leaned forward and let Cas spoon feed him the damn medicine. Dean even tried not to grimace as the liquid slithered down his throat. He wasn't all that successful.
"Wha--" Dean began.
Castiel came to a stop at a clearing that looked like every other one they had passed on their journey. He studied a boulder half embedded into the cliff face.
“No.” Castiel squared his shoulders and walked toward the doorway. “I suggest you start moving.”
, overdue chat with a certain blue-eyed individual.”
“Was necessary.”
Too tired to argue-- and perhaps a little impressed by Kevin’s boldness-- Sam lay back and slept for at least two of those hours in fits and starts. The rest of the time he spent worrying.
“It sounds as if you weren’t expecting me,” Castiel said.
“What?” Jessica asked, her eyes sparkling as she came to a stop in front of the maid’s quarters.
, Dean prayed,
Baby Cas huffed and rolled his eyes along with his head.
Castiel made a choking noise, but he managed to hold the secret back.
Dean raised his sword. He knew he was outmatched. Balthazar was a full-powered Celestial. Dean was a human. It did not stop Dean from surging forward. Benny grabbed Dean’s shoulder to stop his charge.
He was such a burden, Castiel let go.
“I’m aware. The recruits like to talk.”
Billie purses her lips, her stare unimpressed. The advance continues. Billie raises her scythe.
Meg scoffed into her drink.
The name caused Castiel to drop his gaze. Nothing else changed about his expression but, after knowing him for thousands of years, Balthazar read him easily.
When Dean opened the door to his motel room, he realized he forgot an important detail.
Sparky stays still a moment then floats just above Cas’s hands. It bursts, sending sparks out from its round body, crackling like fireworks.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean muttered against Castiel's chest. "That was—" He took a breath. "Holy fuck."
In the weeks leading up to the announcement, Castiel considered his options. He knew that, in his capacity as the Angel, his support would carry considerable weight. He also knew, from his history and experience, that considerable weight would become a heavy burden on whomever he chose to back.
It was weird. It was so weird. So, so, so, so weird. Weird.
“You ever run into a vampire-- she turned around forty-- with brown hair, green eyes? Name’s Andrea.”
Dean smiled. He grabbed a warm, wet towel and pressed it to Castiel’s face. Dean focused on his task, willing himself to not notice the heat from Castiel’s body or the slight hitch in his breath when Dean pulled back the towel and ran his fingers through the beard.
“What do you mean?”
Dean hit the wall behind him. The shock made him gasp and lose his grip on the blade. It clattered against the concrete floors, far out of his grasp. Castiel pinned Dean against the wall, intrigued by the way his eyes darkened when he looked up at Castiel. Dean's heart beat faster, his blood flowed to the organ between his legs, and his breaths became rapid and shallow. Arousal. Always arousal and never love. One day, Castiel would succeed in eliciting both.
Looking across at his three students, Castiel admired how they complied all the evidence. His lessons were effective--not that he gave himself any credit-- and Castiel learned to trust the instincts of humans.
“Inhuman?” Castiel asked.
If this place was a representation of his fears then who, exactly, was John?
Holy.
Dean rubs his shoulder. He thinks about handprints, one burned into his skin and the other painted with blood. One is a hello. The other is a goodbye. Neither are visible but Dean carries them both with him like a mark, a brand upon his soul.
“We boring you, Sam?” Captain Singer asked from the end of the table.
“Dean.” Benny’s interjection made Dean jump. “Listen to her. We’re not your enemy.”
He set his half-finished beer on the bar behind him, then continued his observation. His eyes wandered to Castiel’s table, as they had many times that night. Castiel rested his elbow on the table, his hand propping up his chin. He leaned forward and nodded as Kurbrick spoke. Kurbrick spread his arms high to the ceiling.
“You know, Cassie,” Balthazar said, “this would be a lot easier if you started talking.”
Over the years, Dean accumulated more than a few bumps, scrapes, and bruises trying to teach himself how to use a sword. Some of those bruises were a result of fights with the other Lawrence boys, more often than not over a girl, but Dean never told Sam that. Sam knew anyway.
She did not say anything else. She watched Dean, unblinking, grinning at his obvious discomfort. Dean shook his head, gave up on finding a final word, and went outside.
“Sorry, buddy,” Dean said.
“I serve a lotta drunk, chatty soldiers. Don’t worry ‘bout it.” Benny marched down the path, calling over his shoulder as he moved, “You comin’?”
Too late, Castiel lunged at the Metatron. His sword hit true, right at the Metatron’s heart, but the Metatron was already gone.
Dean waited until he heard the door latch closed before he launched into his interrogation, “Cas. What was that? What were you thinking? Why that? Why-- Why me?”
The vampire cried.
Dean grabbed Cas's hand and held it to his chest. "I'm here, Cas. I'm here."
“Who wrote this?” Castiel asked.
After that, Sam’s free nights were no longer spent in the library. He walked through the gardens with Jessica. He read her stories while she worked. He brought her flowers he picked from the garden, up until he was caught by the groundskeeper. Sam and Jessica spent all their spare moments together. There was no time for him to continue his perusal of the book. But the book was still there, waiting in the back of Sam’s mind, waiting for him to be ready.
“I’ve been to all corners of the Realm.” Castiel straightened the books next to the helm, not looking the Captain in the eye. “All one has to do is listen.”
Castiel covered Dean's hands on his torso with his own to loosen the hold, then turned around in Dean's arms. Leaning into Dean until their lips were a breath away, Castiel whispered, "Yes."
Cas ran his hands up Dean’s back, broad palms warm against the skin. After a few instant tugs on the collar of his shirt from Cas, Dean got the picture. He pulled away from Cas just enough to take off his shirt and threw it into some dark corner of the room. Fair was fair, so Cas’s shirt soon joined it.
“Oh. So he’s here because of you.”
“Watching you has taught me so much. To think I can do all this from some human’s body,” the Metatron said. “In person, I can do so much more! I’m so glad you took down Hell for me. It’s allowed me to
Dean nodded into Castiel’s shoulder. He feared that, if he were to speak, he would realize he was not-so-subtly snuggling Castiel or that Castiel did not seem to mind it one bit.
The Empty is the same all around them. It doesn’t change no matter how much they move, no matter how far they walk. Cas never slows, never stops, and Dean trusts him to lead. However, the longer they go without interruption, the more anxious Dean’s silent steps become. He keeps checking behind him, expecting to see Billie any second. Sam does the same thing.
"Of course I know!" Lenore jumped from her seat. "Is it any better to be killed by scared humans? To kill them in return? If we could free the Creatures from the Metatron then he'd lose his army. This War could end. And--" She shook her head and clutched her hands over her heart. "We could live."
“--when the town heard we had a guest,” Ellen said, “especially one of Dean’s--”
On his way out, Sam stopped at a familiar empty shelf. The book was no longer there. The first thing Sam did upon his return was to burn it out behind Andrea’s Tavern. It was the right thing to do but Sam had to wonder if it held the answers to the Realm’s current predicament.
The Captain walked back into his office, leaving the door open. Castiel took it as an invitation to enter. They sat at the Captain’s desk, a messy array of papers covering its entire surface.
There was only Emptiness.
“I already told you my reasoning.”
“I promise.”
“I’m getting you out of here. C’mon.”
The Captain shrugged. “Far from the first time he’s done it.”
"Then perhaps you need some time to think about it," Joshua said before flying away.
Castiel smiled and pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. "Okay."
Dean grunted with effort, struggling to free himself from Azazel’s hold. Azazel held out the sword in warning to Castiel, who had advanced forward in an attempt to help Dean.
"A shame." Castiel ran his hand down Dean's throat, feeling the heat on his skin, and rest his palm on Dean's heart. It beat for Castiel. He could tell. "I won't hurt you. You know this." Castiel flicked his eyes to the door. "Otherwise, you would have cried for help."
They reached the pediatrics ward. A tall man in green scrubs greeted them at the entrance.
“I’m telling you, kid, we’re not the enemy,” Benny said to the werewolf. “Let’s just talk.”
A flower peeked through a crack in the wooden floors. Castiel knew that, if left alone, it would turn into a bright yellow blub. It would be the first of many. The flowers would take over the church, changing it into something new, something green, something alive.
Castiel brandished his sword and aimed for the back of Dick’s head. Dick did not flinch. He raised his arm, catching Castiel’s wrist. Dick twisted Castiel's arm until the bone was on the edge of breaking. Castiel groaned in pain, trying to resist the immovable form before him. He failed, opening his hand before he suffered too much damage. The Angel’s sword dimmed when it landed in the dirt.
” The Captain clicked his tongue. “Fine. You’re right.” He pushed past Castiel and faced the Angel Task Force. “Alright. Listen up! We need to round up the civilians and get them out of harm's way.”
Castiel could not tell who asked the question. All his attention went to keeping himself together, to holding back the tide of angry souls ready to wreak havoc upon the world.
Dean could have ignored Meg. He could have walked through the door and went to bed without having to suffer another sarcastic comment. Dean did not like Meg. Meg did not like Dean. However, they needed to work together in order to help Castiel. Neither of them would admit it, but Castiel was the one thing they agreed on.
“Cas is going with you?” When Dean nodded, tension melted off Sam's shoulders. “Oh, good. That makes me feel better.”
"Yes." Joshua looked up from his work. "Do I know you? My memory for names and faces have been failing me as of late."
"That's—" Dean took a shaky breath. "Cas, you're not acting like yourself."
Castiel stood. He walked past Dean to the opposite end of the room, his bare feet sliding across the rough floorboards. It tickled. Castiel did not know he was ticklish. He laughed.
The guards nodded as Castiel passed, opening the doors for him without a word. Castiel nodded back in thanks and stepped forward to stand before the Throne of Gold.
“Oh, you’re no fun.” Pamela dropped her arms. She sat still and serene as Sam worked. “Jo, my dear, your aura is vibrating.”
“Screw him. You deserve better.” Dean finished off his mug in solidarity.
Castiel followed Dean but remained behind him, not daring to close in on the scorched land. He could feel the Demon’s influence, could smell the smoke in the air as if it were still burning, and knew exactly where he stood.
Ellen walked behind the bar and dropped her cleaning cloth on the counter. “Why do you ask?”
The small group made good time. The Creature’s enhanced vision allowed them to march past nightfall. Sam did not let his human sensibilities slow him down but he still stumbled in the dark. He did not look at the indistinct shape which tripped him, choosing to believe it was a large piece of driftwood. A hand gripped his arm to keep him from falling, then hooked around his elbow. Andrea’s green eyes shone unnaturally in the darkness when Sam met them. He nodded his thanks and held onto her arm as they continued across the beach.
“Pay?” Charlie balked. “I’m not making the freaking Angel pay. I usually do weapons but I am so down for this. Do you have any specifics?”
“From you.”
“It’s not my fault her dad came home early!”
Cas narrowed his eyes into slits. So, yeah. Not the right thing to say.
Rufus Turner, along with the no-longer Captain Singer, disappeared from the pages of history once they left the Capital. It is believed that they spent their last years in the village of Rufus’s birth in peace. It did not, however, stop them from arguing. It suited them both just fine. Neither one could live without the other. Besides, Bobby liked Rufus’s daughter’s cooking.
“Lawerence,” Sam whispered.
The Angel had returned in their hour of need.
Sam ran a hand through his hair. “Fair enough.”
weird.”
Dean knew he should not prod at the obvious wound but he had one more thing he needed to know. “He?”
"My…" Dean's throat was dry. He croaked when he said, "Love?"
“Good call,” Aaron said. “Thanks for your hard work.”
“Everything means something.”
“So get this: it says here that Celestials are ‘born in the Flame of Creation?’ I’m having a hard time understanding that.”
It scared Sam. His heart beat fast. He hardly slept. His mind opened, reaching its full potential, and all his peers moved so slow. He was changing, he could feel it in his blood, and he did not know what he would become.
Dean could not keep the grin off his face. This time, he did not fight against the compulsion. He crossed the room and wrapped his arms around Castiel’s shoulders. While Dean did not let his hands move any further, or press his ear against Castiel’s chest, he did bury his nose in Castiel’s hair. Dean breathed deeply, smelling the ocean.
Castiel felt Dean behind him, felt his gaze on the back of his head. Castiel had grown used to Dean's presence over the last few weeks. His company was a warm feeling, blooming like those flowers, in Castiel’s chest.
The peace made Dean restless. He would learn to appreciate it later in life but, as he approached his nineteenth year, his heart craved action, demanded travel, and longed for more. Wiping tables at Harvelle's Tavern and serving drinks to the same three drunks each night was no longer enough. While he never took Ellen's hospitality for granted, it was time for him to find his own fortune and provide his own roof for him and his brother. He no longer wanted to be the town's charity case.
If a human sat on the snowy roof of Andrea’s Tavern wearing nothing but a shirt, trousers, and sword belt, they would shiver at the bitter cold. While Castiel came close-- so close the hair on his arms stood at the gust of frigid wind-- he was still not human.
“We gave her back to her owners when Jack brought everyone back.”
“Yeah. Sorry you had to live through that.”
A sound comes from behind Dean, a sound he hadn’t heard in years. He'd almost forgotten it.
Captain Singer stepped forward and began the introductions. His words resounded over the crowd, full of life and hope and honour. The Captian had a lot of experience enrapturing a crowd and it showed in the people's faces. Unlike the weary old speech he used for the fresh recruits each year, Captain Singer's words were new and tempered with the steel of his conviction. He believed in his cause. The people could hear it.
When the army reached the shore, the sun was high in the sky and the waters were clear. When the army reached the shore, they looked around, watching, waiting, unsure of what they saw.
“Yes! Do you think I’d turn traitor and save your life just to try something now?”
With Dean away on the task force's first mission, Sam took advantage of his newfound freedom. He spent his nights in the castle library and read from the book.
“Don’t. I shouldn’t cover for you. I should be dragging you back to your brother.” Ash blew out the candle on the supply table and settled into his bedroll. “Don’t make me regret this.”
The washcloth came away black on the first swipe. Dean didn't let that stop him. He was in this for the long haul. Even if it took him the entire stock of soap in Lebanon and Hastings, even if he had to use every last piece of fabric in the bunker, even if he had to use all the water in the world, Dean would not stop until Cas felt clean again.
Chuck was a wrathful God.
But Ruby had the only source.
“Gotta see this one to the end, chief,” Benny said.
"Perhaps Dean should tell the next one," Castiel said. He stood and moved behind the brothers.
Sam led Jessica further down the hall to one of the sitting rooms-- neither were ready for the bedroom. Jessica claimed two glasses from the cabinet at the back of the room while Sam tried to slap the dust out of the couch. Like Castiel, Sam and Dean had refused servants. They hardly used the rooms anyway.
“Cas, you--” Dean can’t think when Cas looks at him like that. “Hi.”
“Hey, c’mon, buddy. Wake up. We gotta--” Dean cut off, the sound of many boots carrying across the silent beach.
“I really screwed up this time, Charlie.”
“And I sent him there, knowing that. I thought I made my peace but--” Meg closed in on Dean. This time, he did not look at her. “You better bring him back.”
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean said. “Can I come in?”
"You gotta pull it, buddy." Shoulders brushing together as he reached out to grab the handle, Dean opened the door for Cas. "See?"
Sam left the tent before Ash could finish his sentence. He walked with purpose from the healer’s enclosure. Usually, he headed to the library after his work with Ash but, instead, he headed to the blacksmith’s quarters.
Sam shook his head. “He should’ve listened to us.” Without warning, Sam wrapped his arms around Dean. It was too tight, too hot, and too sweaty but Dean would never break away. “So happy, Dean. ‘M so happy.”
One more day goes by, then there is a quiet knock on the bunker's entrance.
The Captain ran a finger over the edge of the map. “The closed areas are here and the way out is--” He looked at Dean in astonishment. “It just might work.”
"Your soul is disquieted." Castiel raised His other hand and cupped Dean's face. Dean leaned into the touch. "What can I do to soothe it?"
“No. Those who live here only feed on wildlife,” Lenore said.
He needed to stay in the here and now.
"Well, not
She flipped the blade over in her hand and let go of Castiel’s arm. Castiel unfashioned the blade’s sheath from his wrist and handed it to Linda. The Mother said nothing when Castiel walked by. She watched his retreating back with shining, ancient eyes. Balthazar lay a hand on each of their shoulders. They turned around and headed down the hallway, the opposite way of Castiel.
Benny gripped Castiel by the shoulders. Dean popped the cork on the bottle. He looked down at Castiel, looked down at the stab wounds which covered most of his stomach, and winced. Dean was pretty sure about this, but he really, really did not want to be wrong.
Dean did not go to his-- to Castiel’s-- wing. Instead, he walked down a different hall and knocked on the first door. No one answered, of course, as it was the middle of the night. Dean pounded at the door, using both fists, until he received a reply.
Sam winced, remembering what he read. “I’d rather you didn’t.”
Well, Dean enjoyed it when someone played with his hair. Maybe grooming feathers was the angel equivalent.
“Okay.” Dean rested his palm between Castiel’s shoulder blades, his warm hand easing the tension there. “First town we see, we’re getting you geared up. And you better not push yourself too hard.”
Yeah, the Magic Fingers knocked Dean right out after a long hunt, too. Dean took the quarter from Cas's hand then wrestled the comforter out from under his body. Cas huffed and wrinkled his nose, but otherwise stayed asleep as Dean pulled the liberated comforter over his body. He tucked it under Cas's chin then turned off the light.
Dean's heart thumped a rapid beat when he turned his body towards Castiel, his next question bursting out of him in his need to know the answer, even as his desire to know scared him. “Do you?”
Castiel shrugged and turned around, heading for the pile on the bathroom counter. He wiped away the steam on the mirror, then heard Dean gasp.
Those words made Dean look at the wings, look at the blackness dripping off of them, and look at the floor. The darkness came off. Okay. Dean could work with that.
Ruby smiled, her face rapturous. “It’s time.”
"That's not--" Captain Singer breathed deeply and forced himself to calm down. "It's not that. It's that you keep accurately predicting the enemy's movements each time. I was always told that they're just a bunch of mindless monsters. But then you come in and start telling me to do all these things. I've never had so many victories in my career. And I'm getting pretty old, let me tell you."
“I thought you’d be happier about that.”
Dean ripped off his sleeves to fashion a makeshift bandage. He dragged his hands across the floor, searching for something to help him out of his cell.
They had a ceremony to plan, after all.
"Great job, buddy," Dean said.
Dean had been doing that a lot lately: touching Castiel. He did it when he passed by Castiel in the library, resting his hand on Castiel’s shoulder on his way to obtain his morning coffee. He did it at night when he went to bed, bidding Castiel goodnight with a gentle touch on the back of the neck. He did it when they watched movies together, squeezing Castiel's hand when they reached for the popcorn at the same time. Every single time, Castiel savoured the pleasant shivers Dean touch caused.
Sparky is the last to go. Once the wings all make it through, Cas faces the portal and holds his cupped hands before it. Sparky hops up and, after leaving one final burst of fireworks behind, enters the light. Dean waves goodbye. Sam does, too. Dean catches him.
Dean and his brother, Sam, grew up on the road. Their father dragged them along on his quest for vengeance, his all-consuming need to find the thing which killed his wife. As he sought out answers, he discovered the truth: the supernatural was real. He learned of demons, ghosts, and monsters. He studied how to fight them and taught his sons how to kill them. He raised his sons like warriors.
A loud honk started Dean. Baby swerved out of the opposite lane that Dean hadn't noticed he drifted into, barely avoiding the semi-truck barreling towards them. The bright headlights seared into Dean’s eyes as he came back to awareness.
When Dean left the rose bushes and headed back through the field of irises, determined to rejoin Castiel and complete his mission, the flowers changed. Dean did not see it. The single rose Dean touched was no longer red, but white.
"I owe her my life," Castiel said. "I'm still not sure why she helped me. Or is still helping me."
The third time, all the flowers were white. Joshua stared at the star shaped petals and closed his eyes.
“They’re ready to move,” Cas says.
Once Charlie reached the end of her explanation about the different types of steel, Sam returned. Her words became a garbled mess when she noticed who came with him.
Dean groaned. “Look, I’m--”
Side by side, Dean and Castiel watched the snow drift onto the streets below. Dean pressed closer to Castiel’s warmth.
But that was okay. They had an eternity to catch up. Literally. The Roadhouse wasn’t a bad place to spend it.
, and Dean knew it was because of him. Dean didn’t want to do that to Cas, didn’t want to do that to the man he loved.
By the time they reached the stairs, all they found was a smooth stone wall.
“Curiosity. It’s musty in here, don’t you think?” The Metatron used Kevin’s arms to indicate the darkened room. “You think a castle would have better servants.”
“What a rip,” the Captain muttered.
With the sounds of wings, Dean’s patience was rewarded.
Dean never knew he was under attack. Castiel’s blade flashed, slashing the first werewolf’s throat and piercing through the second’s eye before either registered his movement. The third werewolf spun around, his golden eyes the only light in his overgrown face, and bared his teeth.
“What? Nah, I’m fine
The report came in that morning. Dean sent Garth’s platoon to a village in the eastern forest, whose elders pleaded for relief from nighty werewolf raids. Garth jumped at the call for help. He always wanted to help. That was why, when it became clear the village would be overrun, Garth launched a plan to help his troops and villagers escape. His plan worked but Garth had to stay behind. The village was overrun.
It was strange for Castiel to feel this way. Even when he was with Balthazar, Castiel did not hesitate to do what he needed. Castiel left without a word on more than one occasion. This time, however, Castiel could not do it.
Dean managed to step out of the way for Sam and Jack to move into the next room. Cas trailed behind them.
The stage was set. The high afternoon sun meant the time was ripe. The training grounds were open for all. The constant stream of people through the open gates made one wonder if the entire Capital jumped at the chance to hear the announcement.
Dean was in Heaven.
Sam did not doubt Dean would return. He could not conceive of another outcome. If Dean returned with no Castiel, however, Sam did not know how much of his brother would come back.
Sam did not give Dean time to reply. He pulled Dean in, wrapping his arms around his brother. Sam clapped Dean once on the back before releasing him and pushed him toward the gate. By the time Sam gathered himself enough to leave, Dean had long disappeared into the horizon.
“I bet. That light show must've taken off at least a couple centuries,” Dean said.
He was the capital ‘G’ God, after all. Omnipotence was one of the greatest perks. He could do whatever He wanted, whenever He wanted, however He wanted.
Dean blinked and he was in Meg’s kitchen. Meg turned around, the bottle slipping from her hand when she saw her three new arrivals. Glass shattered at her feet.
"Guess Metatron knows we're here," Dean said.
With those words, Dean stood on the floor, wearing his armour and sword once again. He checked his hands and feet. They were whole, as if they had never been damaged. The bare stone walls and floor were clean, not a single drop of blood marring the surface. Dean stared at his saviour, stared at his greying beard and dark eyes, and could not shake the uneasy feeling that he knew this person.
“Look,” Sam said, grabbing the Captain by the shoulders. “I talked to Kevin. He agreed to stay in his room. If he needs to leave, he’ll be escorted.”
Castiel reached out-- from Dean’s point of view, the movement was agonizingly slow-- and took the offering. “Why are you giving this to me?”
Just as Sam drifted off to sleep, a soft knock at his door made him sit up. He thought he imagined it but he opened the door anyway. Dean stood in the doorway, a sheepish grin on his face.
Castiel looked closer at the check-in book. An uneasy feeling swirled in his core when he saw his name. It was not his name as written in the language of humans but his true name in Enochian script.
He also didn't expect the soft, needy noise to escape from Castiel's lips, or the way he leaned into the touch like he starved for it.
“You don’t know me at all, do you?” Castiel scoffed. “Remember when I sent Balthazar to that canyon for one single Demon? It took him years to return.”
“Thousands. Perhaps more,” Cas says. “They don’t need vessels here. I suppose to you two, they look like white light.”
King Adam stepped in front of Castiel. He was still not as tall as Castiel but that fact no longer bothered him. He bowed his head in a humble plea. Castiel understood the significance.
Dean did not remember his pleasant dream because, when he awoke, all he knew was that he was alone.
“Okay. It’s settled,” Dean said.
"Colourful."
“Don’t worry, Cas. I am fully, completely aware that I burned away everything we had when I let you fall from Heaven.”
“Really? Why not?”
Somehow, Dean manages to lead Cas into the bedroom without letting go of him, without ending the kiss. Cas practically rips off Dean’s clothes when they get there. In the short distance between the door and the bed, Dean’s stripped bare.
At that point in time, Sam was not one of those people close to Castiel. At that point in time, Sam had no idea what the still silence that followed his words meant. At that point in time, he did not understand why Castiel turned away from him to gather up the rest of his books with excessive care.
“Don’t worry. We’re almost there.” Azazel waved Dean onward, his malicious grin hidden in the dark. “Almost there.”
“You asshole,” she said, hurrying towards Dean, “You could've told me you were coming. C’mon, let me look at you.”
The hollowed out Impala told Castiel everything he needed to know.
“No. I--” It was Sam’s turn to groan. Kevin had a point, so Sam’s refusal was weak. “I said no. You’re just a kid.”
Dean closed his mouth. Dean opened his mouth. Dean closed his mouth. He put the sandwich down onto the plate sitting on the counter and cleared his throat.
Castiel blinked and he was sitting on the cold, hard floor of the warehouse when it all began. He could not remember leaving Bobby's couch. The blood sigil which opened the door to Purgatory lay upon the wall, dried to the colour of rust. Castiel leaned against the table holding all the components to the spell: a jar of blood, a knife, the words of a spell written upon a scroll. The familiar voices of Sam and Bobby bounced around behind Castiel. He could not process the words.
“But don’t worry,” Alastair said, holding cold metal against the bare skin of Dean’s stomach. “I’m here for you.”
Castiel leaned back with a fond smile. Dean noticed he did not deny it. He also noticed that, when Castiel smiled for real, his eyes crinkled at the edges.
Dean licked his lips. He did not say anything. He knew what was coming. He stared into the eyes of the king and waited.
"The Men of Letters kept vast stores of household items." Cas gestured to the room. "These are all of the lighting fixtures."
After the king agreed to assist Kevin, he went straight to work. Sam was assigned as overseer and was quickly learning that, while Sam was a workhorse, he had nothing on Kevin.
“I don’t think so," Castiel said. “That’s your choice?”
“You’re back already?” Sam shut the book and hurried to her side to kiss her cheek.
The Mother smiled. She kept Castiel steady with a hand at his arm and joined Linda by the door.
Castiel's power buzzed through his veins, filling every part of him until he lit up the room. The power overflowed, spilling out of him like a wildfire out of control, and Castiel laid his hands over the void in Dean's chest.
“Hey, might as well make it three for three.”
Castiel could not provide Dean with any of that. Castiel had forgotten himself back in the stable. Back there, his body entwined with Dean, Castiel felt that something in his chest burst. The emotion overwhelmed him. It made him impulsive.
Dean did not remember sitting on Sam’s bed. Dean did not remember laying down. Dean did not remember falling asleep. He remembered dreaming of fire, of reaching into his brother’s crib to save him, and of seeing blood on his hands.
The crown slipped from the king’s head. He caught it but did not put it back on. He held it to his side. “I am glad to hear that?” His feet did not have an answer, even though he asked them the question.
“I--” Castiel ran a hand through his hair. “I never had the desire.”
The sound of Sam opening Baby's passenger door reminds Dean that the vampires in the barn aren't real. Dean would never let such a lowly monster get the drop on him, no way.
“I--I mean--” Dean clasped his hands together in his lap to still them. He licked his lips and met Castiel’s curious gaze. Looking into those eyes made Dean’s heart feel many things, many things that he could not name, but it also made him understand his own words. “I mean that, once this is all done, me, you, and Sam should visit Lawrence. I think Ellen would like you. Jo, too, if she stuck around.”
“Yeah?” The reply was too quick and coherent for Dean to have been asleep.
Dean approached the circle, drawn in by Castiel's gaze. He moved as close to the flames as he could, never breaking Castiel's stare. Sweat beaded on Dean's brow from the heat of the holy fire. The air shimmered between them.
“He is well. He misses you.”
Dean started to connect the dots but he asked anyway, “Which was?”
“Dean.” Castiel stared down at their joined hands, struggling to speak. “I--”
Sam dramatically rolled his eyes. “Obviously there’s bacon.”
An hour later, the villagers began filtering in. Dean busied himself with serving drinks to everyone in the rapidly filling tavern, falling back into the familiar pattern of his youth. He laughed off Kurbrick’s comments, slipped Victor an extra shot of whiskey, and respected Robin’s decision to ignore him.
A kind golden glow appeared in Joshua’s eyes. “I mean that you don’t need to worry anymore. I mean that I will guide the Celestials in their new way of life, Balthazar included. I mean that you can rest.”
Head held high and steps sure, Castiel approached the door. He knew, without a doubt, that the Metatron was behind it. The Metatron was far from a warrior. The Metatron would not pick up a sword and fight on the beach. The Metatron would be sitting on his stolen throne, watching the proceedings below like it was some kind of stage show.
Dean didn’t doubt that but, for the first time in a long time, he couldn’t close his eyes. He wanted to keep looking at Cas. He looked real good driving Baby.
Dean can't see Sam over the smoke pouring from the Empty's form. The throne is a floating seat now. Its body becomes black bones.
“You want to find her.”
“Dean!”
Azazel morphed from a triumphant, dangerous Demon into a worried, overwhelmed father. He even had tears in his eyes. The act was convincing enough that Sam stopped short. Sam studied the scene before him and kept a hand on Ruby's knife, hidden under his cloak.
“A whole lot happened, Cas.” Dean dropped another section of hair. “And I think what happened in Purgatory should stay in Purgatory.”
“Well, it’s cold,” Dean said. “You should get inside.”
The cold, biting air nearly blew them off their feet when they opened the door to leave the castle. Jessica and Dean exchanged grimaces then, together, stepped onto the wet, muddy snow.
“Only if they piss me off.” She sniffed, gasped, then tilted her head back toward the sky. “I forgot humans were so--”
Ice cold water coursed through Dean's veins. He wanted to dismiss the comment. He wanted to scoff at it. He wanted to be safe at Harvelle's Tavern, with Sam, Castiel, and the rest of his little family, laughing at the absurdity of the claim. He could not. Something whispered in the back of his mind and he could not ignore it.
So, uh, how about that episode 15x18 last night? I'm still kinda losing my mind over it.
“Hell was destroyed over five years ago. It is possible that made the wound fester and spread.”
dog things?”
Cas hummed. Dean felt the vibration through his body. They were so close together, one could call it snuggling.
Castiel lost him.
"This punk thing is very…" Dean leaned in, whispering the final word into Castiel’s ear. "You."
The voice shushed him. “It’ll be over soon. Just drink.”
“Well, first of all: Garth. Like, in general. He’s doing some kind of weird circle dance with his groupies…”
A door, intricately carved with golden trim in the shape of wings, took up the entire wall at one end of the hallway. The light of Creation radiated out from the door seams. Even from a significant distance, Castiel could hear the song of Heaven. Behind that door, the Throne of God awaited.
"Sam!" Dean shouted. He wouldn't be surprised if the employees opening the Lebanon general store this morning heard him.
Dean stared at the dregs at the bottom of his coffee mug. They didn't know what the hell Sam meant by that, either
“There is something I would like you to try,” Castiel said. “If you were willing.”
“I don’t mind.” Castiel dug through the bags, storing the food in their proper places. “This work is”-- he emptied the last bag, folding them carefully for future use-- “uncomplicated.”
“My, my,” Dean said, pushing off from the wall. “Who knew the almighty Angel could muck out the stables like us common folk?”
“I can see the battle, Castiel. It may comfort you to know your humans are holding their own.” The Mother gasped. Blood flowed out from between the finger of the hand holding her wound. “My children, not so much.”
“That must be it. Losing my mind is the only explanation for why I wouldn’t heal you. Why would I even listen to that?” Castiel stumbled over a buried piece of driftwood. He nearly lost Dean’s pack in the recovery, but he kept a secure grip on Dean's body. “My apologies. I’m a little tired.” He checked Dean’s bandage and sighed in relief when it looked clean. “I’m fine. We’re fine.” He walked. “I could heal you. You’d be angry but, well, you’re always a little angry. It wouldn’t matter how you felt in the long term anyway but--” Castiel paused, unearthing another hidden branch with his boot. He stepped over this one. “I want to respect your wishes. I don’t want you to be angry with me. I don’t want you to hate me.”
Kevin stood up straight. His presence-- one beyond his young age-- commanded the attention of the others. The air in the room crackled like a storm was about to begin. When Kevin opened his eyes his pupils were not black, but gold.
“Yeah, I know.” Dean held out a mug, still steaming, to Castiel. “Thought you might be cold. Wanna join me?”
Dean, on the other hand, doesn’t like being singled out. He's not special. He's just some guy. The hunters never get that memo, however, and keep asking him questions. They ask about Crowley and Rowena. They ask about the validity of Amara's identity. They can't wrap their heads around the fact that God has a sister. That's okay because neither can Dean.
“All I gotta do is convince the king.”
He stood at the front of the room. The servants set it up like a classroom: four desks pointed toward a blackboard. Castiel did not consider himself a teacher in any sense of the word but, in a few moments, he would have four expectant faces staring up at him. The thought of it made him sick. Or maybe that was the remains of last night’s binge. Likely both, Castiel concluded.
Castiel found Dean lying in a pile of moss, his armour scratched and clothes ripped beyond repair. Dark, black hellhound blood was splattered all over his body. Castiel checked Dean over, the hellhound blood making it hard to see properly, but his armour had taken most of the impact.
"Not much of a home lately," Cas said so quietly Dean was unconvinced he was supposed to hear it.
"Well, yeah, but uh—" Dean took another step. "You're buff, dude."
He focused on the life around him.
“She saved my life, you know. I wasn’t that grateful at the time. I think I am now. Maybe. I mean, I wouldn’t be talking to you like this if I hadn’t survived.” Castiel looked down at Dean. Dean still breathed, his heart still beat, but he never opened his eyes, not once, since the forest. “Perhaps I am losing my mind. Like Joshua. You know he never knows what era he’s in? That must be disorienting.”
Ruby screamed, her voice loud and terrible. Power radiated from around her, her hair writhing and twisting in the force of it, and the snow rose from the ground. Dean looked up in time to see Benny lose his battle.
“Was there anything else on the agenda?” the king asked.
“This-- this is--” Sam scanned over the page again, to make sure. “This is new. I don’t recognize anything here but it says I--”
“Your work has far exceeded my expectations,” Castiel said. “There’s no need to change anything.”
Azazel leaned over the chasm, nodding like he heard someone speak. He looked over at Sam, Dean, and Castiel. Azazel grinned, blinked, then disappeared with the sound of thunder.
Once the Angel reached the stage, the crowd scurried back into place. For many, it was the first time they had seen him. Most everyone in attendance had heard his legend, many more had grown up on stories about him. They waited, silent, breathless, to see what he would do.
“Here,” Cas says, “Sparky was your friend first.”
“That must be some blow to the head,” the man said.
Dean landed on the hard floor of the sea cave, his hip taking the brunt of the impact. He ignored the pain because he made it. Dean was back in Realm and he had Castiel beside him. With his arms still wrapped around Castiel, Dean scrambled into a seated position. He looked at Castiel then-- looked at his beard, the black ooze marking his skin, and his alert blue eyes-- and brought him in for another hug. Dean laughed, a happy sound of utter relief.
"Special occasion."
“I will not help you.”
Fuck yeah, Cas kept the cowboy boots.
high up.”
“You’re right,” Dean said. “Sorry, buddy.” The horse huffed at Dean, then turned his attention back to Castiel.
Fluffy clouds floated across the sky like something right out of a cartoon. Gentle sunlight warmed Dean's skin and the quiet babbling brook soothed Dean’s soul. He breathed deep, inhaling the sweet scent of flowers. The windmill turned overhead, casting shadows over the meadow. It made everything shimmer as if there was some kind of power in this place.
Dean carves out a place for himself. He builds the house he's always wanted. The television in the living room takes up an entire wall and the surround sound system blows his hair back. It's awesome. He buys a second-hand foosball table and puts it behind the couch because he doesn't have a place for it yet. The new stove in the kitchen lets him cook to his heart's content. The spare room is ready for Sam’s first visit. It's almost perfect; it's almost a home.
“Yeah. Call it experience.” Benny lifted the corners of his mouth in an approximation of a smile, revealing his fangs. “It takes a long time to come back from bein’ a monster.”
Cas chuckles. “It says it was your idea.”
There was an odd sucking noise in Dean’s ear, becoming louder as he wheeled his cart through the slow-moving crowd, searching for the cashier with the shortest line. On a regular day, Dean would've used the self-checkout but, since holding Baby Cas meant using both his hands, he'd need the human help.
“I’m Charlie.” She turned to Sam. “Why are you here?”
His attacker hissed, the sound fading as he backed away. Sam pursued it, knowing he needed to follow up on his attack while he held the advantage.
“Well, Jess,” Sam said. “Nice to meet you.”
“A few centuries,” Benny said.
"Cas?" Dean asked, his voice hardly audible even to himself.
“That’s alright. I know who does.” The Captain grinned but Castiel knew the Captian was still watching Castiel, still assessing him.
The pool rippled. There was no more time between each occurrence. The pool pulsated like a heartbeat. The dark spot writhed, sending grey waters onto the shore and over Castiel’s broken boots. The water receded and the spot became a black mass of fleshy limbs and wet scales.
"Oh," Sam said.
"You wanted to plant some vegetable seeds for Sam, remember?"
“Hey there, Doctor Sexy,” Dean said. “Nice boots.”
“That’s rather level headed of you.”
“Retirement plan?”
The boy gasped and scrambled to his feet. “You don’t understand! I must speak to--” The boy took a breath and wiped his nose with the back of his hand. When he spoke again, it was with divine authority. “I must speak to the Winchesters. If I don’t, the Metatron will kill my mother.”
Dean, on the other hand, had changed a lot. His hair was more grey than brown now. The lines on his forehead, at the corners of his mouth, and at the edges of his eyes had grown deep, the result of many days and years of peace and happiness. He’d got a little thicker around the middle over the years, Sam would say due to too much pie but Dean would say there was no such thing, and his joints ached in the rain.
He couldn't believe that he actually let himself go that much.
"Okay, Dean," Cas crackled on the other end. "Let me just go to the garage."
The men stayed like this, in silence, for a few minutes before Dean sat up, shaking his head and drying his eyes with his hands.
"Breakfast?" Cas smiled as he turned his face to look at Dean.
Dean walked over to his CD player and pressed play.
Dean groaned as he was helped to his feet.
"No Air" played as he slept.
"Dean, you need our help.  You can control the mark, you just have to focus.  I, we, can help you.  Just come back to the bunker."
“Good.”
The stairs rejected Castiel. As soon as Castiel reached the first step, as soon as he lost Sam, they disappeared. Hell did not recognize Castiel as one of their own.
Castiel tried to lunge forward, to pull the glittering Celestial sword from Sam’s chest, but he could not move.
Castiel could hardly hear the voices. Castiel could see little more than one door at the time. He was in a hallway. He was in a motel. At least, he thought so.
“I’m here,” Cas said, soft and serious and soothing Dean’s soul. “I’m not far out from the bunker if you wanted me to stop by.”
Charlie, under the excuse of moral support, joined Sam on his way back to the castle. She decided to visit Castiel when she saw the open door to his room. Castiel did not complain when she grabbed the desk chair and joined him by the fire. She hugged one leg against her chest and rested her head on her knee. With all the late nights and long days she endured to finish Castiel’s armour, she rounded out the exhausted picture.
Meg hummed, taking in Dean’s subdued mood. “He will, you know, if you ask him.”
Castiel was already gone by the time Dean’s brain caught up to his mouth. “Hold on. Week?”
“Admit it. You like dogs.”
“Wait. So you really are a Celestial?”
“Because I’d know!” Balthazar’s eyes flashed and the smell of rain filled the room. He turned his back to the group. “I’d know because you don’t spend a thousand years with someone without forming a bond, alright?”
“Oh for the love of--” Dean gripped the edge of the bar with both hands. “Is everyone in on this?”
“Stuff.”
Sam shrugged and sipped his coffee. Okay, yeah, Dean could be reading into things but that gesture was a little too casual.
"I-- No. No, you haven't."
“You’re right, but…” Castiel pressed the sword’s edge hard against Azazel’s neck. “Look at us now.”
At the rear of the group, Benny sighed.
“But-- but--” Sam raised his gaze, a wide smile overtaking his face. “I’m so excited. Dean, I am so fucking excited.”
“Fine,” Kevin said. “I think the quote is ‘when day bleeds into night, it will be time to strike. By the time the sun falls from the sky, the deed will be done.’”
“Um.” Castiel blinked, watching as the rest of the group moved further and further away. He settled on an answer. “Cas.”
"Explains what?'
Dean shook Castiel.
“Yes.” There was no need for Castiel to lie. The rumours had been swirling ever since Dean’s identity was revealed.
Sam tolerated Garth's pat on the head.
It was not a difficult question or, at least, Dean did not think it was. He was taught not to ask a lady her age. Maybe he was not supposed to ask men, either.
They called him the Angel.
Castiel fell in love with the couch late one night-- or, early in the morning, depending on one’s perspective-- when Dean and Castiel sat on it alone. Sam and Jack had long set off for bed and Heaven, respectively. Popcorn littered the carpet and there was a strange stain on one of the couch arms, thanks to Sam, but Dean did not complain. Instead, he tucked one leg under him, body turned towards Castiel, and rested his head on the backrest with his arm acting as a pillow. His eyes dropped but did not close. He sat quietly, just watching Castiel.
Yes. Yes, Castiel had their love. He had the love of many others— their respect, their devotion— given of their own will.
get you into Heaven, but only two of you.”
“Quite likely,” Castiel said. He leaned his head against the chimney and closed his eyes. “I cleared out a vampire nest.” He grinned. “Possibly vampire pirates.”
“Who cares?” Dean offered an exaggerated shrug. “It’s over now.”
“I know. Now
“Mortal enemies.”
Dean did not reply. He could see the entrance to the second floor when he peeked over Castiel’s shoulder. He needed to get over there. He needed to get to Sam. It was so far away. The door swirled down, down, down, into an endless hallway.
“That guy you were with tonight?” Charlie patted his arm. “Did he do anything to help? Has any of it helped lately?”
“No, I have a father,” Castiel said. “He just doesn’t care.”
“No.” Ruby stopped her pacing, her eyes glued against the clock face. She glowed in the light. “I did it right. Something is wrong. Someone is interfering. I have to go back and--”
“Balthazar will arrive.”
As Cas speaks, Dean finally notices that the white isn’t solid and still. It moves, shimmers, and shakes. Dean turns his palm over and holds it near his chest. A ball of concentrated light, about the size of a golf ball, hovers over his palm. It moves in a figure eight pattern, fast and excited, and Dean can't stop his giggle. The light’s little sparks tickle his skin.
“Cas. Cas. C’mon, buddy, wake up.”
In this light, Sam could not decide if the girl’s eyes were green or blue. He decided he should step closer to figure it out.
They said it softly, reverently, with wonder in their eyes and awe in their voice. They spoke of him in muddy street corners, in the deep dark before dawn, and in times when hope was short. He was a legend, a symbol of the common people, a story to tell children during the Long War. The Angel, they said, would save them all.
The old man raised his eyebrows. A gentle breeze fluttered Dean’s hair and, with that, they were gone.
Voices sounded from the door numbered 118. One voice belonged to an older man, the other a boy.
"Cas, why—" Dean swallowed, his entire being vibrating with nerves. "Why aren't you kissing me back?"
The Empty raises its arm. At the same time, like a puppet on a string, Billie lifts her scythe.
But Dean can’t hold on to all of that at once. It’s too much. It’s too much. It’s too much.
“What? No! We just gotta--”
“Are you
“Metatron told me that everything I’ve done has been his plan. I thought I was defying fate but now I wonder.”
“Hoping for?”
No reply came from Castiel. He stood from the chair and left the tavern, gone as fast as he arrived.
Two months later, Sam takes Dean to the grocery store. It’s a small thing, but it’s a way to get him around other people. Dean doesn’t like it. He appreciates what Sam’s doing all the same.
Directly across from Dean, Balthazar dropped Sam onto the snow-dusted cobblestones. He grabbed Sam by his cloak hood to force him into a kneeling position. Standing behind Sam, Balthazar rested his hand on the hilt of his sword. The jewels on the sheath shone. Sam gasped and his head shot up. He stared at Dean with wide eyes.
Ruby had told him the same thing. Promising to be there when Sam was ready, she invited him to the Capital to find out the secrets hidden in that book and beyond. Sam clutched it to his chest as he followed Dean out of Lawrence, intending to accept her invitation. He needed more knowledge. He found all he could in the village. He needed to understand why Ruby’s smirk and the dark glimmer in her eyes intrigued him so. He never spoke a word about her to Dean, not once. Sam’s claim that he won the book in one of the carnival games raised Dean’s eyebrows, but he never questioned Sam about it again. If anything, Dean was Sam’s biggest supporter in his pursuit of knowledge.
Dean opened his eyes. A man leaned over Dean, a man with blue eyes, messy dark hair, and full lips. He wore a white doctor's coat and Dean turned his head to see the guy’s feet.
"I... should probably go. I was looking for Richard because we need to raid another city, we are low on some supplies and the last city was empty... medicines mostly"
He turns around, ready to walk away, but stops immediately when the girl screams
Dean blinks.
He stares at his brother’s text, to try and recall what he had to check, his last messages being about the new girl he had slept with. Like Gabriel had read his mind another bubble pops on screen
Cas looked down at the rug, pushing it with his foot next the wall of the barrack, zipping up a pair of old and not so clean jeans. He was going to make sure to get a new one before the next orgy, that had certainly run its course. Maybe that night he was going to be able to sleep... although he had some weed left in case the nightmares started again.
"What's that?" Dean asks, proud of the fact that his voice didn’t crack and ashamed of the fact that he had to be careful about his voice cracking around the angel at all.
