be getting laid,
so proud of you, Claire, and we
, and turned back to the his work. Dean couldn’t help the dumbass smile that took over his whole face as he made his way back to the Impala, and fired her up. Though he knew there was no way he could, in good conscience, pursue anything with Gorgeous Barista, there was no reason why he couldn’t have a moment of normalcy before... Before.
‘Fine!’ he exclaimed, ‘Get one of the people here to see if we can put the chew toy and the pit bull in a room together without them killing each other, and we’ll take ’em both. Hell, we’ll take ’em all and turn the house into some one hundred and one Dalmatians home for the absolutely insane. What the hell, why not.’
‘Mr Winchester, I’m calling because we found your name listed as the emergency contact for Castiel Novak-’ the sheriff started, and Dean’s legs went completely out from under him, and he felt himself falling to his knees with a sharp pain that he barely noticed.
‘How are you even
‘Hey babe,’ Cas greeted him, handing him a dish towel to dry his hands on. ‘Thanks for doing the grocery shopping. It was starting to look like Old Mother Hubbard’s cupboard over here.’
‘Sure kid,’ Dean said easily. Claire passed the letter to him and closed her eyes. Dean slid his finger under the flap like Claire had done, and started to carefully rip it open. He pulled the letter out, and right at the top of the page in bright orange were the words
The only person missing from this picture perfect tableau was his
Claire just grunted in acknowledgment, and Dean braced himself for some sort of pushback, but when they got to the bottom of the stairs, she merely sat down and shoved her feet into her sneakers, and then swung her coat around her shoulders.
which did nothing to soothe Dean’s foul mood, but at least he felt a bit better about indulging in what was easily the highlight of his day.)
‘Alrighty, so I think it’s time for use to have a little bit of a ‘come to Jesus’ moment,’ he started, folding his hands in front of him, and looking at each of the kids in turn, ‘Cas and I got the feeling that something weird is going on around here, and we don’t like it. Y’all have been acting some kinda shady lately, and I wanna know why. It’ll be a lot easier to just come clean now, than it will be if we find out y’all are up to no good.’
Traffic, of course, was a bitch. He slammed his hand against the steering wheel of his 1967 Impala, and left fly a few more obscene turns of phrase, one eye on the row of tail lights glaring through the windshield at him in the early morning light, and the other carefully glancing at his phone to check the time. It was 06:52 already — he would have to skip the coffeehouse this morning if he had any hope of making it into the garage in even the most general of vicinities of being on time.
Claire looked at him one last moment, then gave a wobbly nod. Jack let out a whoop, like he was waiting for Claire’s okay before he agreed to anything, and he ran over to Cas, and gave him a huge hug.
at the top of Dean’s own (considerably impressive) list. It has never felt this...
about him that screamed ‘father figure’, because nearly his
‘Definitely,’ Cas said immediately, ‘Please do.’ Dean grinned again and a said a quick goodbye, and was gone.
, though he certainly hoped he could soon refer to them as ‘the family’. Cas set the table with their slightly-nicer-than-normal dishes, and lit some of his fruity candles (
in Cas’s bold, all uppercase handwriting. Dean frowned, momentarily concerned — Cas usually parked the bike for the season on Halloween — but when he looked out the window, he saw the sky was grey, but bright, and the weather was clear. Cas’s habit of parking the bike after taking his last ride on Halloween was really just one of his many weird traditions he’d started for himself than an actual safety concern — Cas was the first one to say that there were many safe riding days in November, he just liked the idea of putting Balthazar ‘into hibernation’ on his favourite holiday, and Dean found no reason to argue with him.
‘I thought I smelled a bitch,’ the alpha — presumably Nick, based on what Jack’s mom had said — sneered, and actually licked his lips, ‘Smells like... Apple pie, and — what is that? Something spiced... Is it
‘I’m his father,’ came a gruff voice from right behind Dean, and he turned to see Bobby standing there, levelling the woman with the same stern look that had always made Sam and Dean stand up a bit straighter when they were young, ‘Heard my boy had an accident with that motorcycle of his.’
‘No problem Cas,’ Dean said with an unhappy sigh, shifting uncomfortably, ‘Take care, alright?’
‘Well,’ Dean said slowly, then decided to take another chance, ‘I suppose there’s a joke in there somewhere about there being better things to do with
did he?!’
‘Well, geez, Cas, way to make it sound like you’re the one who’s dying,’ Dean remarked dryly, trying to withstand the onslaught of emotion he was feeling. Still, he shot Cas an almost shy smile, and said, ‘Seriously, though — thank you for... All of it. The only life worth living is one I get to build with you.’
LOVE YOU.
‘I love you too, Cas,’ Dean replied, uncharacteristically serious, ‘Just in case you were wondering.’
‘Mr Winchester, I know this is difficult, but I’m going to ask you to please remain calm,’ the sheriff said, sounding firm but kind, and waited until she heard his breathing slow, and continued, ‘Mr Novak is being transported to Lake County Medical Center for injuries he sustained when the motorcycle he was riding appears to have struck a deer this morning. He was found unconscious at the scene by another driver who phoned the accident into emergency services.’
to say I have PTSD over something that was so clearly my own damn fault.’
‘Nah,’ Dean wheezed finally, ‘Just went down... The wrong pipe,’ he cleared his throat again, just to be sure, then said, ‘I just, uh, overslept today. Gonna roll into work a bit late, but, uh, ya know, can’t start my day without...’ He raised his coffee cup awkwardly, and gave it a little shake, causing some of the hot liquid to splash out the opening onto his hand, and he hissed at the contacts already feeling his cheeks heating up at his unbelievable social ineptitude. There was a time in which Dean Winchester could walk into a room, and charm the paint off the walls, but that was... A different time.
‘And we have work to do to get this place in order for the after party, so you’re going to have to skedaddle before that,’ Charlie ordered, hands on her hips, ‘I’ve arranged for a photographer to meet you at the Morton Arboretum, so you can be basic bitches and get pretty, pretty wedding pics taken, then you’re taking a horse drawn carriage ride around
‘So I was thinkin’,’ he continued hesitantly, ‘I was thinkin’... What if we- I mean- I know we’ve only just been ‘officially’... Somethin’, for a few months, but what if- What do you think about... What if we brought ’em here, Cas?’
‘We care,’ Dean replied, ‘
‘Oh my god,’ Dean said before he could help it, his face now bright red. Gorgeous Barista, on the other hand, had a look of horror on his face, and he’d comically slapped his hand over mouth like he couldn’t believe what the hell he’d just said.
, and the easy banter and camaraderie between them made Cas’s chest feel warm and glowy, and he got a stupid smile on his face that both Dean and Charlie mocked him mercilessly for.)
, to very possibly simply die on the spot. For being so stilted and clinical when describing anything ever having to do with sex, Cas is very possibly a cocksucking
‘Hey kid,’ Jody said gently after letting Dean cry it out for a few minutes, rubbing a soothing hand in circles on his back. ‘Hey. You’re alright now. You did great today, Dean. I’m so proud of you. I can’t wait to tell Cas how amazing you were. He and Balthazar are going to meet us at the hospital.’
‘No worries there, it won’t happen again,’ Dean promised, and paid for the journal and pens without complaint — together, they came to $19.12 — all this chaos for items that had cost less than twenty bucks. Asa took photos of the items, then handed Dean back his license, and the bag with his purchase in it. They re-entered the back room where Claire was, and she jumped up from where she was sitting, eyes looking red and teary, but Dean didn’t comment on it.
‘You suck,’ Cas said with a pout, though Dean could see his eyes alight with mirth, ‘See if you get lucky tonight, dropping me on the ground like a sack of potatoes.’
‘Need a hand?’ he asked earnestly, then caught sight of the sculpture Dean was carrying, and groaned, ‘Don’t even say it, oh my god.’
The woman gave him a practiced sympathetic smile, and said, ‘I’m afraid I can only release that information to family — privacy laws, you understand.’
, because he had never forgotten the bright eyed little boy who wrote an essay about him marked with a big red letter A at the top, and any insult to Dean’s intelligence — even (especially) from Dean himself — got met with fierce indignation.
‘How about we compromise and use your favourite word, ‘awesome’?’ Cas asked, eyes twinkling, ‘Less bad, less ass, but still all the admiration.’
Cas made a thoughtful little humming noise, and said, ‘Well, they’re also incredibly hard workers. Honey bees never sleep, and they flap their wings almost two hundred times a second — that’s more than double that of a hummingbird, you know.’
‘And how’s my Gorgeous Barista doing tonight?’ he murmured, pulling Cas close to him, ‘Not gonna have to crash Baby again just for the opportunity to talk to him, I hope.’
The redhead behind the register flashed a wide grin, and gave him a big double thumbs up, which made Gorgeous Barista just shake his head, and hold the door open for Dean as they both went out to assess the damage.
It’s far too soon when Cas stops again, but Dean does not die. Instead he opens his mouth to protest that he didn’t say another single word about God, angels, prophets, or anything even
LET’S TALK WHEN I GET BACK.
‘Aw, knock it off with all that,’ Dean said, embarrassed, but not pulling away from Cas’s touch, ‘You talk like you’re writing a friggin’ romance novel or something, I swear. Not a goddamn fairy princess, Cas.’
voice, but he managed to reply, ‘Heya, Castiel,’ without sounding like too much of a moron, ‘I’ll call the shop and have them send the tow truck over. Depending on parts, I should have it back to you within two weeks.’
the house on fire, when they’d started conducting science experiments with Cas’s candle collection. The boys had been appropriately abashed, though Cas could see why Jack’s teacher, Ms Milton, had affectionately referred to the boys as
He was interrupted by the sudden appearance of Claire and Jack, both solemn-faced and suspicious to see the unusually formal-looking set up at the dinner table. Cas asked them what they’d like to drink, and Dean finished up the final touches on the roasted chicken and vegetables he had prepared (because Cas was on yet another one of his health kicks), and started to plate it, trying to ignore the slight shaking of his hands.
, which led to Cas saying they had a moment
‘My buddy, Benny’s back with the truck and was gonna help me grab the rest of it, but if you’re all set here and don’t mind pitching in, I’m sure we could use all the manpower we could get to move that dragon,’ Dean said gratefully. At that exact moment, Charlie appeared, looking almost intimidatingly cool, in a pair of badass combat boots, and fishnet tights, under a bright green tutu, and what appeared to be a chainmail halter top, with black flowers woven into her hair.
from the mouth of the one he loved most —
, and Dean groans again, though this time from distress at the loss of the
‘Castiel,’ Charlie chided him gently, ‘I’m sure he doesn’t hate you. And you do know we’re not the only coffee shop in the city, right? Nothing says he gave up coffee altogether. It’s rough, dude, but he’ll either come around — or he won’t. But you’re not the idiot for taking a chance and asking him out... You’d be an idiot if you
Warnings: At this point in the fic, Dean has an inoperable brain tumour, and as a result, he does experience several instances of muscle weakness, aphasia, headaches, nausea, loss of vision, etc. I don’t think anything is too graphic, and I tried to handle his POV sections as sensitively as I could, but please be aware in case any of this is upsetting to you.
‘Fuck,’ Sam said, still sounding scared.
‘Now why would you think that?’ Cas deflected, and Dean snorted as his poor attempt at subterfuge. He opened his mouth presumably to argue, so Cas asked pointedly, ‘Well, what happened between you two at Target?’
Dean pulled up to the garage, and started the opening process, joined shortly after by Benny and Meg. Garth wandered in a bit later, and then Jo and Bobby rolled in uncharacteristically late just before they were about to open for the day.
After that, the next few weeks seemed to fly by. April came and went without anything noteworthy taking place, and then came the middle of May, which meant it was Jack’s birthday,  which he convinced Dean and Cas to take him and Jesse to play paintball for, and Dean found out what a truly terrible shot Cas was. He’d ended up covered in paint, which Dean teased him about relentlessly, saying that he should be used to it, seeing as he was an artist and all. Cas replied that the paints he usually worked with weren’t typically projectiles being shot at his body, and bitched and moaned about how much pain he was in until Dean promised to give him a full body massage and kiss every bruise (and then some.)
Garth, of all people, was by his side in a flash, and did actually roll Bobby onto his back, and started speaking to both Bobby and Dean in calm reassuring tones. He opened the first aid kit he’d apparently grabbed on his dash over, and ripped open the little packet of aspirin.
Illinois really didn’t have an option for them to legally marry (yet), though in January, Governor Pat Quinn had signed the legislation making civil unions between same sex couples legal. Dean didn’t really get too into politics — that was more Sammy’s thing than his — so he wasn’t about to count on anything until it was live and ready. The entire thing was just wholly unfair... If he and Cas loved each other enough to want to stand up before man and god with the upper- or lowercase G, and declare they were forever, why the hell should it matter that they had the same bits. Thinking about it too much just made Dean angry and indignant, so he tried to focus on other things, which, (unfortunately for his jealous bone) seemed to be Benny’s impending nuptials.
‘Alright, boys,’ Jody said, referring to both Dean and Jack, which made Dean feel both exasperated and fond, ‘Paperwork’s all set, team is assembled, now all we need is to track this bastard down. Jack... Do you think you can lead us back to the house? I know it’s scary, but we’ll be with you every step of the way.’
‘I wrecked your car,’ Claire said in a very small voice, as though Dean wasn’t already aware. She sniffed against his shoulder, and continued, ‘I’m really sorry, Dean. It was an accident; I didn’t mean to.’
Sam and Jess appeared a few minutes later, and Cas was immediately gratified to see that Jess looked about as rough as he felt. Her blonde hair was sticking up in a sort of wild halo around her head, and it seemed as though Sam was literally leading her by the through the house until depositing her in a chair across from Cas, and placing a coffee mug in her hands a moment later.
The event started shortly after, as a young woman in a light pink blouse took the stage, and introduced herself as Cassie Robinson, the advisor of the literary magazine, and that tonight they would be hearing a sample of the poems from the magazine, read by the writers themselves. She exited the stage to polite applause, and the first student took the stage.
‘It’s probably all the processed sugar,’ Dean said sympathetically, ‘I’m sorry, kid, I wish we had something better to give you, but all they had here was junk in the vending machine. Once we get you and your Mom to the center, we’ll feed y’all up right, okay?’
Castiel finished the rest of his shift in a daze. Of all the ways he thought the situation with Dean was going to resolve,
DESIGNATION: OMEGA MALE
‘Hi, Jack,’ Jody said kindly, crouching down so she was eye level with him, but he kept his eyes trained on the floor, and Dean saw him fidget with the hem of his shirt again. ‘My name is Jody Mills. I work with Dean at NRR... Did he explain what we do there?’
He woke the next morning, feeling oddly anxious, so before he could change his mind he jumped in Raphael the RAV, and headed back out to the house. There were still no cars in the driveway, but when he parked, he flipped open his phone, and called the number of the realtor atop the sign in the front yard, and made an appointment for a showing later that day, then made the drive back into town that really only ended up being just over half an hour. He could live with that, he thought.
‘Hey,’ she said softly, ‘I know it sucks, man, but it’s gonna be alright.’
‘I... Maybe?’ Jack answered uncertainly. ‘Do I... Do I have to go back?’
‘Cas,’ he breathes back, because he remembers he
‘I wasn’t a part of the decision in choosing my name,’ Cas said, a note of detached coolness in his voice that Dean had never heard before, ‘I didn’t realise this was your show. Fergus from Crowley Enterprises invited us as a thank you for some work I did for him.’
The weather finally broke the following month, and as the snow melted and the trees got their leaves back, it was as though their property was waking back up. All but one of Cas’s beehives had survived the winter, which Cain assured a heartbroken Cas, was quite impressive for his first year tending to an apiary. Cas still looked so sad as he cleaned out the dead hive, and harvested the leftover honey and wax, that Dean genuinely felt bad for the frozen little fuckers. The chickens all made it through, though, and had been supplying them, and all their friends with a steady inventory of farm fresh eggs for the past year. Dean had taken over caring for them during Cas’s recovery, and found himself oddly attached to his strange little menagerie. (He was still outright refusing to take on horses, though — fuck that noise.)
engraved above their names and dates, because it came from Mary’s favourite song. It had been absurdly expensive, but luckily, their estate covered the cost, with a substantial amount left over.
into the very pits of
‘Hey there boss,’ Garth said, as though he was about to talk about nothing more serious than a routine oil change, ‘I’m gonna need you to help us out and chew these aspirin here, alright? It’s gonna be bitter as all get-out, but hopefully it’ll make you feel better real soon.’ Bobby seemed as though he was trying to nod, and Garth deposited the aspirin into Bobby’s mouth. Dean saw his jaw working as he tried to follow Garth’s orders and chew the aspirin, nose wrinkling a bit as the bitterness was surely hitting. He reached over, and held Bobby’s hand, furious at himself for not being more useful.
John and Mary’s ashes were buried side by side under the same headstone. There’d been no instructions on what to do with their bodies after they were gone, but all Dean knew was that cremation was a helluva lot cheaper than pumping them full of chemicals and sticking them into an overpriced box in the ground, so he went with the less expensive option. He’d picked out the headstone himself at sixteen — been the one to choose the black granite, and the words
‘Jesus Christ!’ Dean snapped, ‘I’m not a goddamn kid! I just need some fucking time, alright?’ He went to raise the bottle to his mouth again, but Cas was there in a flash, and had his hand on the bottle, trying to gently pry it away from Dean, which was apparently the wrong fucking move, because before Dean knew it, he was positively losing his shit all over the place.
‘Oh,’ Castiel said, feeling a bit guilty about Dean’s obvious self-consciousness, ‘Dean, it’s not that I don’t trust your driving, it’s that I have to get up at the asscrack of dawn to get here on time, and would never ask you to suffer through that for me.’
breathe, so he might as well. He drifts off to sleep thinking that even though he’s not a cowboy or a mechanic... This timeline is turning out to be not-so-awful, after all.
For some ungodly reason, people had gone nuts for his stuff. It started with a young couple gushing over the skeleton hands, and asking for a price. Dean had stared in disbelief, every number he’d ever learned flying straight out of his head, and he’d been about to tell them just to take it when Charlie, who had been sitting between Dean and Cas’s tents on a beanbag chair she seemingly magicked out of thin air, was clearly able to sense Dean’s distress, so she stepped in and named a price that Dean thought was almost offensively overpriced, but the couple had paid it happily, and carried it off with only a little difficulty.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘It sounds like he’s not going to get the chance to tell that story,’ Castiel said quietly, ‘Please, Sam. What’s going on? I... I only got to know your brother briefly, but I do care about him. Very much.’
related to Heaven, but the look on Cas’s face stops him just in time.
Over the next few weeks, Dean took a few days off of work to deal with the aftermath of the accident — tracking down a copy of the police report, fighting with insurance companies, ordering new parts for the Impala before he finally set about fixing her up yet again. Thankfully, he didn’t seem perturbed at all about the task at hand, and took to it with surprising enthusiasm. (‘Third time’s the charm, sweetheart,’ he insisted cheerfully as he told Cas to pass him various tools while he sat watching Dean do his thing in the garage on one of the rare occasions when
It was, of course, Jody who got the call. Before she could even finish explaining the situation — that a kid who was
‘That was ridiculously easy,’ Dean said with an almost giddy laugh, feeling like he’d reverted to his dumb teenage self with his first crush, ‘So, would you wanna go out sometime? Grab dinner or a drink or something?’
His hand —
Speaking of unbeatable sibling duos, Claire and Jack were laughing at something Bobby had just said (undoubtedly making fun of Dean, which the kids just loved), and Cas felt his heart melt a little when he saw Claire slip her hand under the table and reach for Kaia’s. Jesse was on Jack’s other side, also cracking up, then leaned in to whisper something in Jack’s ear, making Cas groan, knowing whispers between those two boys was never a good sign. The apprehension was short-lived, however, when he realised how happy all four kids looked, and marvelled yet again at how very lucky he was to have been able to welcome Claire and Jack into his life.
greater miracles. We have — you and I — survived Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory, but only because we
when I said I’d changed my major from business to art,’ he let out a shuddering breath, and continued, ‘And Ian? He was someone I knew in college, before I became estranged from my family, and... We did not part on the best of terms. I walked away from my parents’ money, and he walked away from me. You, on the other hand? You have always seen me — all of me — and chosen, for whatever reason, to stay by my side. Please... Keep choosing me. You’re the only one who ever has.’
Cas’s heart swelled with a deep sense of awe and admiration for how far Dean had come that he could so casually discuss his mental health — a far leap from the man who had hidden the fact that he was literally dying from everyone around him. He snuggled in closer to Dean, the wine making him feel fuzzy and content, and laid his head right in Dean’s lap, prompting Dean to lean down and kiss him Spider-Man style automatically. Jess watched them with such soft adoration that if she had been a cartoon, she’d be looking at them with heart shaped eyes.
‘Oh, noooo thank you,’ Charlie piped up, ‘Any more coffee for me, and you will
He thinks these things, and then he rolls his eyes at how goddamn sappy he has become, but it’s okay, because — quite frankly, he’s entitled.
‘I’m just glad your dad’s going to be okay,’ she said in a very small voice, ‘I was just thinking it would be shitty and unfair if you lost two dads.’
But they always made it through.
Thanks to everyone who’s taken a peek at this story... I know this is the project that literally no one asked for, but I’ve been in my head lately with the angst and trauma that is
‘Still don’t know why,’ Dean grumbled, having experienced more than his fair share of stings. He still had nightmares about that case he and Sam had worked years ago, where they’d been trapped in an attack with thousands upon thousands of the little fuckers.
He returned home about half an hour later, sweaty, but triumphant. Dean was there waiting, leaning back on the now fully restored Impala, looking only the tiniest bit anxious. He looked up and smiled when he saw Cas pull back into their driveway.
(something? someone?)
I had expected a human more resembling our kind in their true form —
‘Drink, baby,’ he instructed gently. ‘C’mon now, Cas, you got this.’ Cas drank a few sips, wincing as the water went down his undoubtedly irritated throat.
‘I totally get where you’re coming from,’ Cas told her earnestly. ‘If you’d like, maybe I can say something to him? Maybe suggest that a noisy environment might be too distracting for a new driver?’
Dean’s phone pinged then, shattering the moment into a million pieces, especially when Dean saw it was his brother doing his daily check-in on how Dean was feeling, which never failed to make Dean feel like some decrepit old man who needed constant minding, lest he fall down the stairs or something. By the time he dismissed the message, and repocketed his phone, the moment had passed, and Gorgeous Barista’s cheeks had returned to their normal colour, and his customer service smile had slid firmly back into place.
And then finally, it was September. The summer seemed to have flown by, and Cas especially seemed dismayed at the quick passing of time. He would occasionally become quiet and withdrawn, and all Dean could do on those nights would be hold him tight, and wait for the storm to pass. The rest of the time, Cas was nothing if not very much engaged and in love with the chaos of their daily life.
As it is right now, there should be four more chapters to this fic, so we are about halfway done!
‘I know,’ Castiel echoed, because he
Cas stood and gave Cole’s hand a shake. ‘Nice to meet you, Dr Trenton,’ he said politely. Cole snorted.
for one moment, just before impact...
Claire was quiet for a long moment, and Dean watched Jack place his small hand on hers where it was resting on the table. They shared another look, then Claire said tensely, ‘So you’re not sending us back? You didn’t change your minds?’ Her voice caught on the last word, and she glared at the table, furiously wiping away the few tears that had escaped.
‘Is it cos we’re in a situation where we have, like, five minutes left to live, and a bomb or something’s gonna go off?’ he murmurs against Cas’s mouth, and when Cas pulls back, confused, Dean gives him a disbelieving look, ‘From
— into it.’
‘I will, thanks Dean,’ Cas said as he opened his door, and reached over to unbuckle his lap belt, his fingers flexing slightly. He hesitated before climbing out of the car, and looked at Dean for a long moment before asking, ‘I’ll, uh, see you later? Before you head to work?’
‘For fuck’s sake, Dean — by that standard, your ride is a forty-two year old female named ‘Baby’... Now which one do you think sounds more absurd?’ Cas shot back, quirking his own eyebrow.
‘Yes,’ Charlie said slowly, ‘And you’re right. There
‘Yes. Of course,’ Castiel agreed immediately, ‘Just, uh, wait here.’
Cas hurried inside, now quite cold, and found Claire and Kaia huddled on the sofa with Amara stretched across both their laps like she thought she was a Pomeranian rather than a forty-five pound pile of fur and drool. Mugs of what appeared to be hot chocolate were sitting untouched before them on the coffee table. Cas sat down next to Claire, and gave her arm a sympathetic pat.
... And those were the words he could repeat in mixed company.
Dean went to grab a trash bin and bottled water to place next to Cas’s side of the bed, just in case, then climbed in, and snuggled in close to Cas.
Dean nodded, before realising she couldn’t see him through the phone, then said, ‘yeah. Yeah, I’ll be there.’
to be able to do that for you.’
‘About the house?’ Cas asked, ‘Well, outside, it looks great. I mean, needs work, but definitely cool. Why, what do you think?’
bad, like- uh, I mean... Nothing,’ Jesse hurriedly cut himself off, and gave Dean and Cas a look of angelic innocence, which made them both snort.
Officer Stover left then, and Cas turned his attention to Kaia, who also looked very shaken. He opened his arms, and manoeuvred Claire slightly to the side, and the next thing he knew, he was hugging both girls, and murmuring reassurances that everything was going to be alright, not caring at all that the cold March air was cutting through his t-shirt like a knife. He just stood there holding them until finally both Claire and Kaia were calm enough to pull away.
to, like this was
By the end of the day, everything but the dragon had sold, (which was just as well, because Dean still wanted to give it to Charlie) and Dean had almost a thousand dollars in his pocket.
, got it?
Jack’s mom paused for a long moment, then the next thing Dean knew, she was pulling him into a hug with her one good arm, and crying into his shoulder. ‘Thank you,’ she whispered in his ear between sobs, ‘Thank you, thank you, thank you. The things he — Nick — made him do... Did to him... Let his
‘Like a little kid being potty trained,’ he chortled, tearing into the bag of pretzel M&Ms Gad had given him as he’d walked out the door. Before Dean could even open his mouth, Cas continued, ‘I swear, if the words ‘ass wiping wand’ comes out of your mouth, you will
She pulled back, sniffling and wiping her eyes again on the blanket that was still around her shoulders, and Jack folded his mom back into his arms, and said, ‘It’s gonna be alright, Mom. We’re gonna be alright now,’ and just repeated that until the EMTs came back over, and started loading Jack and his mother into the back of an ambulance. One of the EMTs came around to the front, and hopped back into the driver’s seat, and a moment later they lurched to a start, and drove off, Jack’s face visible through the back window. He raised one hand to Dean, who returned the gesture, and headed off to find Jody so they could follow them to the hospital.
He came up to the bar a few towns over, almost by accident, but decided to stop in for just one drink before turning back around for the long ride home. He carried his helmet under his arm, and took a seat at the bar, waiting to catch the bartender’s eye.
Dean wasn’t a praying man, but he was begging whatever was out there that this wouldn’t be an experience he and Bobby would share.
Dean had obviously taken the lead on her education in this area, as he was undoubtedly the authority out of the two of them, but Cas still drove with her after school some afternoons, and occasionally for a trip into town on the weekend. She was an exceptionally nervous and cautious driver, which Cas supposed was to be expected. (He’d privately said to Dean that he thought it was a miracle that the kid was willing to get behind the wheel at all after what had happened to her parents, to which Dean had nodded seriously, and quietly called Claire remarkable in a tone so vulnerable it made Cas’s heart hurt.) He never quite knew what to say to Claire during these moments of one on one time in such close proximity, so he found himself mostly just staying quiet, and kicking himself for not being more engaging.
By the time Claire finished reading, she sounded considerably less nervous, but there was a catch in her voice on the last line, and her eyes were shining bright under the spotlights. Everyone clapped, and Cas glanced around to see more than a few people wiping their own eyes. Claire shakily made her way off the stage, and was immediately enveloped in a four way hug with her friends.
‘Just me, thanks, Ms Bicklebee,’ he replied, shifting uneasily, ‘Thanks so much for meeting me today.’
a pretty badass, bougie name), though Bobby checked in every day, and his wife, Ellen, had been by three times with Tupperware containers full of homemade soup that went woefully untouched.
Claire, but Dean and I keep having these nightmares, and half the time we can’t get back to sleep, and we’re just running ourselves ragged.’
‘We could never have one before cos Mom was allergic,’ Jack explained quickly, ‘So we only ever had fish, but fish are
‘You’re doing great, babe,’ Dean grinned, and knew his face had gone stupid gooey watching them.
Gorgeous Barista looked up as Dean walked back in, not even trying to hide his wince at the sound of obnoxious bell over the door this time, and his expression immediately turned to one of concern. Dean must have looked as awful as he felt, because Gorgeous Barista didn’t even bother to wait for Dean to make his way to the register — instead, he immediately came around the counter, and up to Dean straight away.
that?’
you, you ass.’
‘Love you too,’ Cas said sleepily. ‘Guess if nothing else can be said about it, at least I outlived that evil bitch, right?’ A moment later, it was clear he’d drifted off to sleep, leaving Dean to contemplate this very odd statement before succumbing to sleep himself.
‘Every artist started exactly where you are,’ Cas countered gently, not correcting Jack for mispronouncing his name, ‘As a child in art class. And art isn’t about... Competition. It’s about taking what you see and feel, and turning it into something beautiful.’ He hesitated a moment, then put a hand lightly on Jack’s back, and led him over to an easel with a blank canvas propped on it, and said, ‘Every painter starts with a blank canvas just like this one, and then uses their imagination to bring their vision to life. If you could put anything in the world on this canvas right now, what would it be?’
Dean’s heart beat a tiny bit faster at hearing
hard, stoic, devoted, and obedient —
‘Yes.’ Cas replied steadily.
Cas continues, ‘Dean, when I pulled you from the depths of hell, your soul
I got lazy, and decided to post the podfic as the second chapter of the fic so I didn’t have to re-enter all the info lol
‘Argh,
Fortunately, after about twenty minutes, Dean caught that
Unfortunately, despite his best efforts, nothing he came up with could possibly compare with the real thing. In some ways, he was incredibly embarrassed about his fixation and lack of professionalism, but despite his best efforts, he found himself unable to stop thinking about the generous, mysterious man with the beautiful eyes who was slowly but surely becoming the highlight of Castiel’s day.
between clenched teeth, but Dean just shrugged.
‘Okay,’ Claire said, sounding very young all of a sudden. Dean tentatively reached over, and put a hand on her shoulder.
‘It really wasn’t Claire’s fault, Mr Winchester,’ Kaia spoke up hesitantly. ‘That other lady, she came zooming in out of nowhere, and hit us right on Claire’s side. If she had been just backing out like normal, she wouldn’t have smashed up the car like that. Even the police said it didn’t look like Claire could have done anything to avoid getting hit.’
‘Well,’ Cas said hesitantly, and Dean could sense his nervousness just in that single word, ‘I was thinking maybe you would like to paint it. I have to do some work in here for a while, but if you’d like, you could sit in here and paint with me? I’d... Enjoy having some company.’
‘I think so too,’ Judge Turner said with the faintest hint of a smile. He turned back to the entire courtroom, and continued, ‘Having reviewed the request, and heard the testimonies here today, I find that I do feel that the adoptive parents, Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester will treat Claire and Jack Kline as their own. I believe that they will support and care for them, that they will offer a safe and suitable home for them, and that both Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester agree of their own free will to adopt Claire and Jack Kline. I find that this adoption is in the best interest of Claire and Jack Kline, and therefore their adoptive parents, Dean and Castiel Winchester, will be their parents under the law, with all the rights and duties of the parent-child relationship. Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester, you will both be required to sign the adoption decree, and with that, you will be legally be the parents of Claire and Jack Kline forever. Many heartfelt congratulations to you, and your new family.’
‘Yeah,’ Cas replied, and he looked over at Dean, with a hesitant smile, ‘I don’t think we should waste another minute.’
alive,
‘Only you, Dean,’ Cas agreed breathlessly, ‘Only you, for the rest of my days.’
and pain,
(PS: see end notes for (mild) content warning)
? in not-so-many words, then returned his attention to Jack. ‘Okay, Jack, last bite for Dad-Dad. Did you know,’ he paused seriously, as though genuinely wondering if Jack had known this, and spooned the last bite into Jack’s waiting mouth, ‘That honey bees have two stomachs — one that is exclusively for nectar to make honey? That sounds like hungry, hungry Jack, doesn’t it? Wouldn’t you love to have two bellies?’ He tickled Jack’s pudgy belly as he said this, and Jack shrieked with laughter.
‘That’s... That’s amazing, Dean,’ Sam said, choking up in a way that Dean would
meant to be. It’s just
just as Cassie sends:
Out of all the people he might have guessed would be on the other side of the door, Claire, Kaia, and a grey-haired police officer with ‘D Stover’ on his name tag would have been at the bottom of the list.
Xx lily
It wasn’t as though this was a breakup or anything, but in some ways it felt like it. He had gone from seeing and talking to Dean every day to just... Nothing. Castiel thought about texting him, but really, Dean had only given him his phone number so they could communicate about the repair, and that was finished, and as he’d made himself pretty clear that he wasn’t interested in seeing Castiel anymore, Castiel respected his wishes. Didn’t mean he didn’t take his phone out about a dozen times a day, thumb hovering over the ‘New Message’ icon, only to put it away again, feeling even worse than he did before.
Dean knew Ellen well enough to know that she said what she meant, and she meant what she said, so he had no doubt that had gotten Bobby to (however sulkily) agree to follow the doctor’s orders for once. He gave her a squeeze and a kiss on the cheek, and said, ‘Thanks, Ma’. He only called Ellen and Bobby ‘Mom and Dad’ occasionally, but the situation certainly warranted it.
!’ he whined, squinting. ‘What the hell!’
against an enraged alpha the size of the Chrysler Building, but there he was, the little lamb. Flighty and fragile had fallen away, until only the
Dean settled in as best he could, and said quietly, ‘I just wanted to say I’m sorry. For snapping at you in the shop. I didn’t mean to sound like such a dick, and you didn’t deserve it.’
‘Cool house,’ Dean remarked casually, looking in the rear view mirror to steal one more glimpse of it.
The world had become a little less vivid, now that he was fairly certain those startling green eyes no longer existed in it.
staying here, and you are going to use those sexy French skills to order for both of us, and I’m going to sit here and think about all the things I’m going to do to you when we get home to make you scream in two languages.’
.’ He finished his declaration with a bit of a growl, and nipped lightly at the side of Cas’s neck, making him let out another shuddering breath, though this time for an entirely different reason.
is easily one of the most talented artists, and kindest, most loving men I’ve ever had fortune to meet, and by some miracle, he chose me.’
Cas insisted) a dozen chicks from a local farmer, and then suddenly they were the weird couple raising chickens, because
‘Heya Cas,’ Dean replied, looking bashful, ‘Listen, I’m sorry about all that ruckus the last time I was here. I was... Not doing so hot.’
And then — somehow — they are the bullets in the gun, they are shooting stars, they are nuclear warheads, and they are
Cas flat out refused to even try the Winchester Hangover Cure-All (‘it’s got
Dean had pulled out all the stops for the dinner, starting with
‘Cas?’ he asked shakily, deeply regretting having indulged in the passing trays of champagne to calm his nerves, ‘Did you see this one?’
interest in accepting them at that very moment. He
It had been weeks since Castiel’s breakdown at the bar, and he hadn’t seen Dean again at all, so he’d begun to fear the worst. He’d been sure his weird encounter with the bartender had been a strange manifestation of his shock from the news of Dean’s illness, mixed with the alcohol, and that his wishful heart had created a weird, fantastical solution. If only those kinds of fairy tale endings were real.
‘Oh, ah, yes sir,’ Castiel stuttered, taken aback, ‘My name is, uh, Castiel Novak... I believe Dean Winchester works here, and told me I could stop by and pick up my motorcycle today?’
When Dean had given her a questioning look, she’d sighed and said, ‘I probably shouldn’t be telling you this, but this clusterfuck of a case just got dropped in my lap for a ten year old boy and his fifteen year old sister... Parents killed by a drunk driver, and now they’re all each other has in this world. The boy’s easy enough, but the girl... She’s fought tooth and nail against anyone who’s even
Dean groaned, and relented, saying, ‘Fine, I get it. No more Zepp or ranting about cars when the kid’s trying to drive. You make a good point. I get nervous when it’s too quiet, so I like a little background noise... Didn’t think that it might have the opposite effect on Claire.’ He sighed, then said, ‘D’ya ever wonder if we’re doing this right? Like... D’ya ever wonder if we’re gonna mess them up?’
‘Hey,’ Dean said gently, ‘Charlie’s great. You don’t gotta be nervous about meetin’ her or nothin’... She’s good people. I think you’d get along really well.’
But the images that crashed through my mind like lightning strikes,
‘Yes, Dean, you were right, oh clairvoyant warrior against technology,’ Cas sniped back, his own temper short from the long drive, ‘Why the hell does Benny live way out in the sticks here anyway if he works all the way in town at the garage?’
tried chocolate — as shit as his upbringing had been, that wasn’t the kind of deprivation he had experienced back then. Jack was seventeen, had lived his entire life as a prisoner in a basement, had suffered through unspeakable trauma, and had never eaten a goddamn candy bar before, and that just... Did something to Dean.
‘How can you afford to do that every time you come in here?’ Castiel asked as they stepped aside so the next customer could order, ‘Not to mention, you just about gave Kevin a heart attack the last time you were in here... It ended up being almost three hundred dollars you put in that jar.’
Dean and Cas took a break mid-afternoon, to stroll around the rest of the festival, shoulder to shoulder, taking in everything there was to see. Each tent had something new and beautiful, but Dean’s favourite was getting to watch Cas’s eyes light up when something special captured his attention. Cas purchased a sun-catcher of bees, and flowers, made from bright, vibrant colours in an intricate hexagon pattern, and a set of intricate hand carved wood flowers for Charlie.
He went back over to his seat near her and settled back in. ‘Hey, you good?’ he asked casually.
interested.
Castiel actually laughed, and said, ‘I have... A sizeable ‘chunk of change’ saved as well. My, uh, trust fund kicked in this past year, from my grandfather, who died before he could find out what a disappointment I would inevitably become.’
‘Do you really want us?’ She asked finally, hesitantly, ‘I mean, like
) that fever dream of the bartender in that hazy bar all those years ago had actually happened, then would it really be fair to adopt children —
the first time he feels well and truly safe.
Dean and Cas had gone all out decorating for Halloween. It was both their favourite holiday, so every square inch of the wrap around porch was full of pumpkins and hay bales and cornstalks and spiderwebs. They hosted a giant Halloween party the weekend before Halloween, and were the sickeningly cute couple in matching costumes. (Bert and Ernie, which Dean found endlessly hilarious until he realised he was allergic to the yellow makeup — which incidentally dyed his skin — and he spent the following week looking like he had a bad case of jaundice with a side of hives.)
Dean gets drunk and angry on the anniversary of his parents’ deaths. He is kind of a dick to Castiel.
to cover! (The next chapter will most likely be equally as gigantic.)
Cas shifted uncomfortably, then cleared his throat and said, ‘Well, uh, I don’t know what Dean told you when he booked our appointments, but our- our daughter was recently in a car accident, and it wasn’t that bad — I mean, no one was hurt or anything — but it brought up some, uhm, memories for Dean and me. I was in a... A pretty bad accident a few years ago — I mean, it could have definitely been worse, I don’t wanna sound ungrateful, but I hit a deer on my motorcycle, and ended up breaking my femur, and a few other bones, and I was pretty messed up, you know, mentally after that.’ Cas sighed, and scrubbed his hands over his face and mumbled, ‘I know it must sound stupid, cos nothing
‘Who would have thought anyone would want to waste money on this crap?’ he asked in disbelief, as he and Benny wrapped the dragon back up with the drop cloths, and prepared to haul it back to the truck. Cas shook his head as he collected the few paintings he had remaining, and slipped carefully them into a fancy looking contraption that looked like a wooden briefcase.
Something
June rolled around, and brought with it the end of an era. Claire’s high school graduation took place the last Friday night of the month, and Dean definitely got misty-eyed watching her file into the auditorium in her cap and gown with the rest of her class, and might have shed a tear or two as he cheered wildly when the principal called her name and she received her diploma. She had a smile on her face a mile wide, and Dean couldn’t help but marvel at how far she’d come from the surly shoplifter, who’d been completely convinced no one wanted her.
know. He was going to miss it, too.
. Cas makes that thoughtful humming noise that he does when he doesn’t quite understand what Dean’s talking about, which wouldn’t be surprising, were it not for the fact that he has Dean’s cock halfway down his throat. ‘Jesus Christ.’
for the kids — be present, be supportive, be a safe space. Bonding with Jack had come naturally, easily. The moment Jack had wandered into his studio, wide-eyed and eager, he and Cas had become nearly inseparable. Jack had fallen in
‘That’s amazing!’ Jack exclaimed happily, ‘So cool — it doesn’t look babyish at all! That’s really good. What colour are you going to paint it?’
‘It looks like a broken femur,’ the woman said with a sympathetic wince as she consulted her screen, ‘He also had several lacerations to his face and chest, three broken ribs, and a broken wrist, but the good news is that his head CT came back clear, so he doesn’t appear to have any serious head injuries, though there is a note here that he likely has a concussion. I know it sounds like a lot, Mr Novak, but all in all, it looks like your son was quite lucky. Many patients we see after a crash like that are in much worse condition.’
So, needless to say, the sound of a muscle car rumbling into the parking lot that morning at 06:45 as if nothing had changed, was nearly enough to knock him off his feet. When he heard the bell over the door jangle a few moments later, and saw Dean walk in, looking shy, but healthy and whole, Castiel had to actually grab the counter to steady himself. Unthinkingly, he stepped out from behind the counter, and went over to Dean, feeling as though he might be sleepwalking.
‘Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to come with me,’ the man — Asa, apparently — said.
full to bursting.
‘You know if you keep this up, you’re really gonna have me convinced you have a bun in the oven,’ Sam grumbled, as he stood, and started walking out to the parking lot with Dean. ‘Don’t think I won’t drop you off at some home for unwed mothers.’
‘Are you saying you wouldn’t drive an hour for me?’ Cas asked, feigning hurt. Dean rolled his eyes.
and then I was flying through the air, and it was like I forgot every goddamn thing I’d ever learned. And when I hit the ground, I had no idea where I was — if I was on the grass, or the road, or someone’s driveway — and I couldn’t move before I passed out, because it hurt so fucking much, and I was just praying that I was far enough from the road that someone wouldn’t run me over with their car. One of the first things they teach you is to try to pick your spot, so you know when you crash you’ll be out of traffic.’
, and Dean hadn’t argued.
a classy forty-five year old lady.’
for whipping this hot mess into shape. (2015 was written mostly without her eagle eye, though, because time zones are a thing, so any mistakes you find towards the end are 100% mine.)
Love was Cas running his thumb along the corner of Dean’s mouth to wipe away a missed daub of whipped cream after Dean had torn into what he liked to refer to as his ‘apology pies’. Love was Dean scouring eBay for a cassette to aux adapter so Cas could hook an iPod up to Baby’s speakers, and share
, followed immediately by
Dean’s faint smile grew to a brilliant grin, and he said enthusiastically, ‘Oh, that’s great, Cas! You feel like you’re ready?’
TOOK BAL FOR A QUICK RIDE THIS AM.
Castiel’s response comes so quickly that Balthazar realises he must have already had it typed out, already anticipating Bal’s reaction.
‘He’s probably scared of what he’d have to do to earn it,’ Dean explained quietly, ‘Where is he?’
out of the loop, Dean asked curiously, ‘Well then what the heck do people do?’
‘No, we’re fine,’ Claire said stubbornly, but Dean watched as she swung her legs back and forth under her chair, looking more like a little kid than being a few years from adulthood.
to feel that burning sensation behind his eyes, and the whine working its way up his throat.
burning with an unfamiliar emotion.
So, here’s the rough cut — warts and all — but hopefully still enjoyable!
It must have shown in his face too, because a moment later, as Sheriff Baker was breezing by him, already barking orders into her radio, she gave his arm a squeeze, a look of — understanding? sympathy? (
Dean was planning on showing half a dozen sculptures, some small enough to fit on a shelf, all the way up to the dragon that Charlie had been so taken with. (He still planned to gift it to her, seeing as she would probably appreciate it more than his employees who had more than enough of his other tripping hazards to get in their way at the garage.) He’d thought about trying to bring in the bear from the waiting room, as that was the one he actually liked (‘Papa Bear’ Jo had aptly named it for Bobby, because of the baseball cap), but that thing was so massive, there was no way to transport it. As it was, he’d had to sweet talk Benny into donating his time and truck to the cause, and even still, they’d really only been able to get the dragon, wrapped carefully in drop cloths, into the bed of the truck.
from Dean hanging up the phone as he climbed the porch steps. He went over to Dean, and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek, ‘Hey you.’
Dean was quiet for a moment, then said, ‘Thanks, but I don’t think that’s gonna work for me. Appreciate the invite, though.’
Cas laughed, and led Dean back over to where Balthazar had joined Jody in the waiting area. ‘Well how can I better express my deep awe and adoration of every part of you?’
Dean didn’t want to argue with Cas, not when he was still so weak from surgery, but he vehemently disagreed. He made a vow to himself to remember this godawful day for the rest of his life, because he never wanted to forget the sick terror he’d felt at the thought of losing Cas. Once things settled down, he was going to get his shit straight... He’d always refused therapy before, despite Sam’s claims that it had worked wonders for him in processing their parents’ deaths.
‘I don’t think anyone would dare, babe,’ Cas said, and came back over, wrapping his arms around Dean from behind and kissing his neck, ‘Happy anniversary.’
‘Breakfast in bed, my fair handmaidens,’ Charlie said dramatically, as the kids handed the trays to Cas and Dean. ‘Now eat up, we have a schedule to keep.’
Cas smiled back, looking proud, and turned his attention back to the jar, which was now half empty. ‘Almost done, Jack, you’re doing such a good job.’ Jack made a happy cooing noise, and Cas fed him another spoonful. ‘Okay, honey bees produce four byproducts that are useful to humans — honey, wax, pollen, and propolis. You can’t have honey, though, not for another six months — you did know that, right, Dean? It’s very dangerous for children under one to ingest honey, because Clostridium botulinum bacteria creates a toxin that can cause infant botulism.’ He dumped another mouthful of peas into Jack’s mouth, while staring up at Dean in alarm.
the one that took his parents from him. It seemed like every night at least one of them would wake in a panic, then need to rush upstairs to check on the kids. This sometimes led to long bouts of insomnia, which made the following day an absolute nightmare for the entire family. After a few weeks of this, Cas finally hit his breaking point.
It was... Beautiful.
proud of you, Claire,’ he said, and there was a waver in his voice as well. ‘You got in, kid; you did it.’
Wine hangovers were the fucking worst, though.
scent that meant his husband was close by. His head whipped around wildly, prompting Jody to say ‘Down, boy. Bal just texted that they’re getting off the elevator,’ and moments later, Cas and Balthazar rounded the corner. Dean was out of his seat in a flash, and had thrown himself at Cas in a way he would normally find far too undignified and needy for a man in his mid-thirties, but after everything he’d been through that day, he couldn’t find a fuck to give about how he might look to an outsider.
‘Sure are, sweetheart,’ Dean replied, then turned in the seat to look at Claire and Jack. ‘Y’all feelin’ good? You got any questions or anything?’
Christmas at the farmhouse was a relatively quiet affair. Dean insisted on putting up an eight foot fir tree that he cut down himself at a Christmas tree farm, and had bribed Benny with beer and pizza to help him transport back home. Cas had watched cheerfully as Dean spent hours fighting with strings of lights, winding tinsel around the tree, and hanging the handful of ornaments they’d collectively gathered over the last year and a half. Dean’s favourite ornament was Darth Vader wrapped in multicoloured Christmas lights from Charlie, and Cas’s favourite was a chicken in a Santa hat that Benny’s fiancée, Andrea, had stopped by to give them in a get well soon basket for Cas. (Cas ended up liking her quite a lot, despite his initial reservations over how precious she was about the pronunciation of her name. ‘It’s my
Dean, who had just taken his first sip of magical bean juice, of course, was surprised enough by the break in routine, that he choked on his coffee, and started the embarrassing process of attempting to recover from the coughing fit that immediately followed. Gorgeous Barista’s eyes widened with — concern? Regret at having tried to be friendly with this socially awkward idiot? — and he shifted uncomfortably before asking, ‘Do you... Require assistance?’
talented and kind, but also batshit fucking crazy. We live in this old farmhouse, and he decided he wants to raise chickens and bees — he even got me to build him a friggin’ chicken castle for them to live in.’ He paused, and broke into a sad smile. ‘And guys... Believe it or not, I’m a
was absolutely
‘I’m so sorry,’ he rumbled, sounding mortified, ‘I shouldn’t have... That was
son,’ another grunt, as Jack kicked him in the knee, ‘to eat his peas.’
can do with you?’ Dean rambled, looking more adorable than any grown ass man had the right to look while babbling like an idiot.
, and he was
The smell of bacon permeated the semi-lit bedroom, that made both Cas’s stomach roil, and his mouth water, which was an entirely unsettling feeling. He stumbled blindly to the bathroom, but when the nausea passed, he settled for simply popping some ibuprofen, and brushing his teeth to rid his mouth of the acrid taste of stale alcohol. Once he was marginally less disgusting, he ambled into the kitchen, and was completely unsurprised to find Dean not only cooking a gigantic breakfast for the household, but whistling cheerfully as he did it. He looked up as Cas approached, and snorted as he took in his bedraggled appearance, and wordlessly passed him a cup of coffee.
‘I believe you,’ Gorgeous Barista replied seriously, though there was no reason in hell that he should mean it, ‘And that sounds like a fine solution to me, if it works for you. If you wanna just give me your info, and that for the shop, then...’
‘You too,’ Castiel replied, and sat back down on his motorcycle, immensely grateful that he was able to put his helmet on, and cover his burning face.
It was... Pretty bad. Dean fought the urge to bounce on the balls of his feel like a little kid as Gorgeous Barista crouched down, and sadly tried to collect some of the larger piece of broken glass.
‘I mean...’ Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck nervously, ‘I was gonna bring it up soon anyway. My lease is almost up, and, well... I think things are goin’ pretty good, don’tchu?’
you?’ he asked in disbelief, ‘And what the hell are you doing with a mechanic from Kansas?’
‘I asked the same thing, and Dr Hottie said the damn thing disappeared, and I should make lemonade,’ Dean said, trying to sound much calmer than he actually felt. He ran a hand through his hair, marvelling again at how it
‘Well, it’s a boy,’ Dean replied, deadpan, ‘You’re gonna be an uncle, Sammy.’
‘That’s sexist,’ she said by way of greeting, reaching up to give Dean a hug. He grinned.
. Do you think you could meet me here so you can look at the inside too? I can ask the realtor if she wouldn’t mind waiting for a bit.’
The following month brought Claire’s eighteenth birthday, which she celebrated by having Kaia, Alex, Patience, and Krissy over for a slumber party. Dean and Cas supplied them with a truly obscene amount of pizza and junk food, and beat a hasty retreat to their bedroom to escape the wild exuberance of their party. (Jack had wisely begged ‘Grandpa Bobby’ and ‘Grandma Ellen’ to let him and Jesse spend the night at their house, which they, of course, agreed to. Bobby had settled into the role of grandfather with all the energy and enthusiasm he had when he’d taken on the role of dad to Dean, Sam, and Jo, and with more kids around to spoil rotten, Ellen was certainly in her element.) Dean and Cas gifted Claire with the iPhone she’d been begging for for months, and the first thing she did was take a selfie with her friends, but the next was to take one with them, which made Dean feel a little more emotional than he probably should.
‘I love you,’ Dean says, and the words feel strange as they tumble from his mouth, so he tries again, frowning, ‘I... Love you. I love... You?’
‘You were very brave,’ Dean said seriously, ‘So brave, Jack. And you’re doing great, you really are. Just a few more questions, alright?’ When Jack nodded, he continued, ‘Your alpha — he never collared you? Never registered you after the auction?’
Cas just stared at him, head cocked to the side for so long that Dean was almost going to snap at him to pay attention to the road, when he finally said, ‘Do you mean, do I wish for a wedding?’ in a very low, and shaky voice.
‘No, Snow White, no one’s given you true love’s kiss,’ Dean replied, rolling his eyes, as he pulled a chair next to Bobby’s bed, ‘I never knew Garth had it in him. Y’oughta give him a raise.’
Several more weeks passed, and physical therapy was going well. Castiel’s physical therapist was a gentle giant named Gadreel, who looked like he could bench press a house, but ended up being one of the most patient, encouraging people he’d ever met. He also rewarded Cas with a bag of different flavour M&Ms after every appointment, which Cas found endlessly hilarious and endearing.
Cas was... Radiant. Dean felt like a proper girl, getting so mushy about it, but there was no other word for it. He was absolutely enchanted in with the property, and Dean liked to imagine he could see cogs turning in Cas’s brain as he planned their next project. He already (thankfully) decided against getting cows, sheep, horses, alpaca, and goats (though each of those had been a thorough,  and lengthy debate, curled around each other in bed, surrounded by a truly obscene number of pillows and blankets in the king size bed Dean had insisted on buying for their room), but couldn’t get off the idea of a chicken coop, so in the beginning of April, Dean found himself bribing Benny to accompany him to the lumber store, Cas’s sketch of ‘Cluckingham Palace’ clutched in his hand, trying to explain to the unamused sales associate his boyfriend’s mad design for a chicken coop castle while Benny just shook his head and muttered,
— he just didn’t think it would happen so soon. The headaches, which had been a consistent hum of misery in the background of every day with peaks and valleys of intensity had escalated to the forefront of almost every day. This tied in with the nausea that made even the idea of eating almost unbearable, and anytime Dean felt brave enough to even try to choke down a protein bar or piece of toast ended up with him doubled over the toilet, retching horribly not ten minutes later.
. There has
Their magical summer came to a sweet and quiet close with Cas curled up next to Dean on their back porch swing, watching as the lightning bugs danced over the pond in their backyard, and Cas thought he wanted to remember that moment forever.
‘I dunno Cas, I don’t wanna make plans now, and then have some right-wing nut job come out of the woodwork and undo the bill or whatever, and then we got our hopes up for nothing,’ Dean said with a sigh.
Dean had spent every free second of the last two months lovingly restoring and replacing every piece, discarding the burnt and twisted metal with the sort of reverence usually reserved for funeral services. It had been a tough job — the hardest aspect of which was the fact that being so close to the wreckage meant understanding
‘Yes, brother,’ I said quietly, fear heavy in my chest, but...
‘I think I’d live in a shoebox if it meant I got to have that garage,’ Dean replied honestly, then hesitated, ‘Would you... I mean. What do you...
‘Definitely cool,’ Cas replied, actually turning in his seat for a second look. When he turned back around, Dean caught his eye, and then, without another word, whipped the car into a dramatic u-turn, and headed back to the farmhouse. He pulled the car into the driveway, and checked to see if there were any other cars around, but it seemed that the owners were either not home, or didn’t live on the property.
It’s the end of the world.
‘Call me Cole,’ Cole replied, just as Dean had told Cas he would. ‘Well, c’mon back, Castiel, let’s get this show on the road.’
timeline,
‘Did you have a chain as well?’ Dean tried to keep his expression open and neutral, not wanting the kid to sense the onslaught of emotions he was experiencing, ‘And do you know how your Mom ended up with your alpha?’
It felt like flying. It felt like coming home.
Just as they all were getting out of the Impala, Dean smacked his hand on his forehead, and said, ‘Shit, I forgot my phone charger in the garage. Claire, can you grab it for me? Just use the code to get in, alright?’
Balthazar had never really
He’d never been someone who’d imagined passing on the family name, leaving a legacy — all that utter bullshit his own father used to monologue about as Cas and his brothers sat around the dining room table. His eldest brothers, Michael and Luke would hang on his every word, the idea of power drawing them in so much they were practically salivating. The next in line, Gabriel, didn’t care too much one way or the other, so he would catch Cas’s eye from across the table, and make an ugly face, or roll his eyes, making Cas have to disguise his snort of laughter with a coughing fit. He sometimes missed Gabe, but Gabriel, bless him, would never walk away from the Novak family fortune as Cas had. Cas usually didn’t fault him for that, though sometimes the faintest feelings of hurt and betrayal curled low in his belly when he was feeling especially lonely. He wondered sometimes what the Novaks would think about his ‘found’ family, but knew he would never subject them to their scrutiny.
This was it — he was gonna lose his license. They were gonna have to file an accident report, the cops would interview him, find out about... About him, and they were gonna take the last remainder of his old life.
Cas pulls off his dick with an audible
‘Hey, sweetheart,’ he said softly, giving Cas’s shoulder a little shake. ‘Hey there, Castiel... Time to get up.’
‘Oh what the fuck,’ he said in frustration, ‘This is why these things can’t be trusted — I told you we shouldn’t rely on a goddamn robot to tell us where to go.’
the best way to get what she wanted.)
The woman eyed him suspiciously, and she drew Jack a bit closer to her chest, angling him away from Dean, and asked coldly, ‘And how do you ‘help’ them? My son —
All that matters is the sensation of Castiel’s body on his body, and then when Dean pulls himself up and away just long enough to dart over to the side pocket of his duffle bag, and self-consciously toss the not-used-anywhere-near-frequently-enough bottle of lube... And after
‘No, he doesn’t,’ Cas interrupted, ‘And this isn’t about Ian. It’s about me, making a huge commitment. I mean, we haven’t even been together a year, you know?’
‘I could see that,’ Dean replied, not really seeing the appeal of bees at all, as he’d been stung by the little fuckers more than a few times, but loving the way Cas had lit up when talking about them, ‘How’d you get into bees in the first place?’
Cas holds still for a moment, those fathomless blue eyes roaming over his face, doing that thing that makes Dean feel as though he’s being stripped bare, and flayed open, but in the very best of ways, and Dean feels something behind his eyes begin to burn, and something in his throat get very tight. He sits up, fighting the urge to draw his knees to his chest like a damn child.
The judge nodded thoughtfully, then turned to Claire and Jack, eyeing them carefully. In a slightly more gentle voice he asked, ‘Is there anything either of you would like to add before I make my decision?’
After the initial relief of seeing Cas still breathing didn’t render him quite so inert, Dean rushed over to Cas’s side, mindful of his leg and arm that were both immobilised and in traction, and lines for his IV, and oxygen, and several other things Dean couldn’t identify. A wave of nausea that had nothing to do with the hangover hit Dean like a train, or a truck, or a bus, (or, well, a deer against a fucking motorcycle). The similarities between Cas’s set up, and what his parents had looked like fifteen years (and one day) ago were so obvious, that the gravity of the situation really sank in then, and had it not been for Bobby gruffly scooting a chair up behind him, he would have almost certainly collapsed.
out of Jack. What, ah, what are your plans for the future for them?’
Dean hadn’t called yet, even though he knew Cas wasn’t working that day, and Cas was too nervous to call him, until he had a better idea of what to say, so instead he sat at his desk, and idly started sketching out ideas for his next few projects. When an appropriate amount of time had passed, he hopped back in his car, and headed back to the farmhouse. The realtor smiled when she saw him, reminding him a bit of a piranha, and extended a perfectly manicured hand.
Claire gave him her signature eyeroll, but then said, ‘Awesome, thanks Cas!’ She dashed over to the counter, and grabbed Dean’s keys, then pulled Kaia out the door so quickly she barely had time to call ‘thanks Mr Winchester!’ over her shoulder before the door slammed behind her.
Cas and Dean’s one year anniversary came at the end of May, and Dean walked in the door after work to find Cas perched perilously atop a ladder, painting a beautiful, fantastical landscape of hundreds of flowers on the wall of the living room, in every colour of the rainbow. It looked like something out of Wonderland, and once again, it took Dean’s breath away to realise that that’s what the inside of Cas’s head must look like — bright, and wild, and full of infinite possibilities and colours. Cas turned when he heard Dean enter, and grinned.
for him to stop feeling like a Grade A dumbass whenever the memory of it crossed his mind.
‘I know,’ Cas said, and leaned over to give Dean a quick kiss on the cheek before heading back into the house to see if Jack wanted to come with him to drop off the paintings, which, of course, he did.
‘Right,’ Dean agreed, and then turned with a small sigh to leave Cas and Jack in the studio, and go venture upstairs to see what Claire was up to.
‘Surgery for what?’ Bobby asked, not looking at Dean, who was gripping the top of the desk like his life depended on it.
‘When can we see him?’ Ellen asked, and it was the first time since his phone call to her this morning that Dean heard her voice shake.
bike, if you ever decided you were ready to ride again.’
up already, and have threatened to kill each other no less than four times, and I haven’t even finished my coffee yet.’
‘Okay,’ Jack said softly, eyes refocusing on the ground. Doubt hung heavy across his shoulders, so Dean dipped his head a bit lower so he could catch Jack’s eye and said,
My heart —
The vision loss might be temporary — it wasn’t unexpected, after all, and he’d been experiencing increased blurriness for days — or it might not. The doctor had warned that this day would come, but like all the other days he had been warned about, Dean thought (hoped) he would have had more time. It was this, more than anything else, that made him feel like the end of the road was closer than he’d originally thought.
before, and Dean knows it’s not just an angel thing — Anna had been fun, but nowhere near
‘I mean,’ she said slowly, ‘What if there
‘Jack works for me,’ Dean said firmly, knowing too well what those other things must be. ‘So listen — that other lady I came in with, Jody? We’re from a place called Novak Rehabilitation and Reintegration, and we... We help omegas. We’d like to help you, if you’ll let us.’
‘Hey,’ Dean interjected, and waited for Cas to turn back around before continuing, ‘Ain’t nothing wrong with not getting back on the bike, if you don’t want to. What you’ve been through — it’s a big deal, Cas, and don’t ever think that feeling some kinda way about it makes you... Whatever it is you’re thinking your are, alright? Cos I’ll tell you right now, I’m impressed as hell with how strong you are, so don’t you go shit talking my boyfriend like that, got it? And as far as Bal goes — I fixed him up once, right? After some dumbshit forgot that R was for reverse, remember? He’s definitely not ‘fucked up beyond all repair’, though I’m definitely impressed with your slang there, Jarhead.’ He accepted the mug of coffee form Cas, with a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
‘Never said I don’t like it,’ Claire mumbled, but did actually haul herself into a sitting position, crossed her arms over her chest, and studied Dean carefully for a long moment before asking, ‘Why don’t you have parents?’
Bal frowns down at his phone as though unsure if it’s suddenly become possessed.
‘I’m not an-’ Castiel started hotly, but Dean had had enough by then, and interrupted,
‘Uh,’ Dean said, darting a glance over at Cas, ‘That’s up to you, bud. Whatever you’re comfortable with... Dean and Cas... or, like, Dad, or, you know, whatever, if that’s what you wanted.’ His chest felt unusually tight at the idea. He looked over to Claire, but she was still stone-faced, and not moving. ‘Uh... What do you think, kid? You, uh, you have a voice in this, ya know. Nothin’ goes forward without your okay, and like Cas said, nothin’’s gotta change if this ain’t somethin’ you want.’
known safety, and sometimes he shrugs it off, because life sucks, then you die, and sometimes he rages, because — quite frankly, he’s entitled.
Truth be told, Bobby didn’t look too great either. He looked pale and shaky, and was even more grumpy than usual. When Dean pulled him aside to ask if he wanted to go sit down in the back, Bobby started cursing a blue streak so impressive that if Dean was any less worried, he’d be taking notes. Throwing his hands up in mock surrender, he turned and called, ‘Fine, well just lemme know when you wanna start acting your age, old man,’ over his shoulder. He waited for Bobby’s inevitable scathing rebuttal, and when none came, he whipped around, and felt as though he’d suddenly forgotten how to breathe.
‘You go put eyes on him boy, and report back to me if he’s tried to pull his damn IV out again, ya hear?’ Ellen said, a little gruffly, ‘I’m so glad you were with him today, Dean. Thank you.’
,’ she repeated.
‘Thank god,’ Sam mumbled, and pulled Dean into one of his giant bear hugs, ‘I was so scared. I just... I can’t lose you, man. Not after Mom and Dad, and everything... You’re all I have left.’
‘Constantly,’ Cas admitted honestly, ‘But you gotta know you’re great with them...
He is in his
The adoption process itself went more smoothly than anyone could have hoped for. Jody was thrilled, and advised them every step of the way. Back in the beginning of the year, she had (in a moment of then-unfounded optimism) encouraged them to get licensed to foster
‘Who woulda thought...’ Dean said, repeating his words from earlier, disbelief evident in his voice, ‘Didja ever think we’d be dads, Cas? Doesn’t that blow your mind?’
‘What Dean means to say,’ Cas interrupted loudly before Dean could get too far into his rant, ‘Is that we are
‘ ‘He’?’ Dean asked, raising one eyebrow.
‘Didn’t know you had your wings back, Amelia Earhart,’ he mutters, not looking up, ‘How in the fuck did you get in here? Thought I had the place warded up the wazoo.’ (
Bobby, Ellen, and Jo had come for Christmas morning brunch that Dean cooked himself, much to his family’s surprise. (‘Hey, I got this big, beautiful kitchen, and a gorgeous, immobile man to feed — obviously I was gonna learn to cook,’ Dean had protested, to which Bobby had countered, ‘So all I woulda needed to do to get yer lazy ass to learn his way around the kitchen woulda been to bust a few bones?’ and Ellen had rolled her eyes and made a comment that Bobby, Dean, and Sam had busted quite enough bones in their time, thank you very much, and that while Bobby met her own incredibly low standards, Dean was clearly punching above his weight when it came to snagging an attractive partner, which left Bobby and Dean pouting, and Cas happily offering Ellen another mimosa to toast him and Jo with.)
Thank you to everyone who has been SO kind with their feedback... I love it, and live for it, thank you!
‘It’s for your own good,’ Dean insisted harshly, deeply regretting coming here in the first place, ‘Well, I said my piece, and my brother’s waiting in the parking lot, so I gotta bounce. Be well, Castiel, alright?
known you.’
‘What, no butler?’ Dean teased, trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Cas had just casually mentioned he’d grown up with a cook at a
territory. (Though, he suddenly realised, Claire
‘Don’t even joke about that,’ Dean said sternly, ‘You’re not gonna end up in the hospital ever again, got it? You can’t put me through that shit again.’
‘We gotta get the kid’s mom,’ he said firmly, ‘I told him we’d save them both.’
a heaviness over his soul,
This was apparently not a great question to ask, because Claire’s eyes filled with tears again, and she buried her face in her hands, blonde hair falling forward, hiding her from Cas’s sight. ‘I’m so sorry,’ Claire mumbled, voice muffled. ‘You said to be careful with Dean’s car, and I swear I was trying to be careful. I didn’t think that lady was gonna come flying out of her driveway like that. I was so scared... Dean’s gonna kill me.’
‘He’s doing good,’ Ellen said, sounding exhausted, but happy, ‘Cranky as hell, and tried convincing the nurses to let him leave tonight, but I told him he best keep his ass in that bed, and do as he’s told, or there’ll be hell to pay.’
‘Dean, I-’ Cas started, but before he could say another word, Dean’s anger flared back to that inferno level rage that never failed to leave absolute devastation in its wake.
‘We can leave if you want, babe,’ Cas said soothingly, ‘This was a really nice idea, but I’d be just as happy with takeaway on the couch.’
The first thing they noticed when entering was a striking metal sculpture of some sort of bear wearing a baseball cap, right in the middle of the waiting room. Castiel was immediately distracted, and went right over to it, walking around it in a circle, and taking in every detail — the piece appeared to be made entirely of a conglomeration of metal objects, masterfully welded together to create an intricate pattern of texture that Castiel very much wanted to run his fingertips over, but it was such a true work of art that he almost felt like he should take a step back like at an art show or museum.
? Alanis Morissette is God, and Metatron is junkless and played by Severus Snape?’
For the main course, he had made a decadent honey garlic salmon, using honey from Cas’s apiary for the glaze, with roasted root vegetables on the side, eyeing Jack and Claire’s chicken fingers and fries with something close to envy. (Cas caught Jack slipping Dean a few fries off his plate, which was so endearing, he wasn’t going to call him out on it, but unfortunately Bobby also noticed, and made a comment about Dean being the equivalent of the family dog — or perhaps garbage disposal. This, of course, prompted Dean to loudly remind everyone that he had
‘I know,’ Cas said gently. ‘I’m not angry with Claire. I’m so glad you guys weren’t hurt.’ Claire leaned into his side, and he found himself putting an arm around her again.
‘She’s the best,’ Castiel agreed, ‘And for the record... I had a great time too. Dean, I can’t tell you how glad I am that you’re... Okay. I know I said it before, but I was so worried after that conversation with your brother.’
orphaned children — knowing that in eight years, he would be...
‘Good,’ Charlie replied, shaking her hair back regally, ‘A queen expects no less. Now, are you getting your usual death-by-espresso?’
‘Dad’s not doing too great,’ Jo whispered to Dean, careful to keep her voice low, ‘He said he woke up with bad heartburn, and feelin’ like he was gonna puke, but try getting the old man to take a damn day off. Said he couldn’t trust us not to run the business into the ground, and insisted on coming in.’
That hit Cas hard, and he remembered the promise he’d made to himself last May about not wasting time, if he really only had so much time left. Ten years wasn’t much, especially if one year was almost up already. He pushed the thought from his head, and said quietly, ‘Yeah, I think you’re right. You really think we can do it?’
before giving them each a kiss on the cheek in turn. This show of motherly affection actually made Cas a bit teary, and when Bobby shook Cas’s hand, and gave him a solid clap on the shoulder the same way he had done with Sam and Dean, it made him emotional all over again. Jack got Bobby to give him a fist bump, and Claire simply gave him an awkward wave from across the room with one hand.
But Cas sees Dean just as he always has, and he sits up as well, blanket slipping from his chest to reveal Dean’s old Zeppelin t-shirt he’d let Cas ‘borrow’, which basically means it’s Cas’s now, but that’s alright. He turns to Dean, and does the head tilt that makes Dean’s heart melt, and simply says, ‘I know.’
on the grocery run.’ He looked unusually cheery about the idea. ‘Pretty soon we’ll have to figure out what to do about a car for her too. Man, who woulda thought... I’m thinking maybe a little Chevy Cobalt or an Aveo — you know, a little beater that’ll give her good gas mileage, but won’t cost an arm and a leg to fix.’
Dean steeled himself, and dug down deep, then said honestly, ‘I wouldn’t be half the man I am today without you, Bobby... I hope you know that. Same goes for Sammy and Jo. You’re... You’re the best dad any of us coulda asked for, and I thank whatever’s out there every day that you were willing to stick your neck out for us.’ He saw Bobby swallow hard, and they both shifted uncomfortably as the weight from all these emotions and confessions settled in around them, so finally Dean cleared his throat, and said, ‘So not to make your day worse or anything, but Meg and Garth ran the shop by themselves for half the day.’
‘Yeah, yeah, yeah,’ Claire replied quickly, sounding so uncomfortable that it almost certainly meant that things were
want us, like want to be... A family or whatever. Not just... Hanging out, or not, like, until one of us messes up, or does something to make you mad, but like... Like a real family? Like we had before? Even though we’re not... Yours?’
Cas sighed, ‘I know. And I’m not trying to be... Ungrateful. But I just feel like a fuckup, and the fact that Bal is totalled, just... I told you the first time we talked, that bike was my baby. And now he’s FUBAR.’ Cas looked absolutely devastated, and turned back to the coffee now that it was done brewing, and filled two mugs for him and Dean. ‘I don’t know if I’d even be able to handle getting back on a bike after this, and that makes me feel like a complete-’
It took a few weeks, but by the end of April, Cluckingham Palace — complete with turrets and faux drawbridge, of course — existed in all its bizarre, and punny glory. Cas was ecstatic, and wasted no time purchasing (
Bal returns to his office to find Kevin wiping down the bloody windows, of all things, a steaming cup of tea next to his laptop, and that the stack of files and paper that had formerly covered every square inch of his desk have been neatly stacked. It’s as thought his spastic, socially awkward charge had suddenly found a flying umbrella and carpetbag full of magic tricks, and decided to give him a spoonful of sugar to help the medicine go down. Bal simply stares.
time. (That bitch, Hester, said once that when Cas first laid a hand on Dean in Hell, he was lost. She failed to mention, however, that wherever it was she thought Cas had gone to, he’d taken Dean — mind, body, and soul — right along with him.)
thank you to
‘Nah, sweetheart, you go,’ Dean replied, kissing Cas’s hand in turn, ‘I appreciate you all coming out in the first place. We’ll get Bobby all settled in here hopefully soon, and I’ll let you know what the plan is once we have a better idea of what’s going on.’
‘I’m just glad you’re alright,’ Kevin says quietly, earnestly, ‘Just... That’s all.’ He looks at Bal like a scared child might regard their parent during a thunderstorm, like Bal might have the answers to the universe hidden inside his clenched fists and wrinkled brow. Kevin looks at Bal like he matters, and it makes his throat feel tight, and he nods again.
Cas didn’t quite know what to say — he hadn’t caught the reference to the car, just the nature of Claire’s relationship with Jack — but before he could say anything, Claire and Jack were approaching their table. Jack was clutching a copy of the magazine, and Claire was looking shy, but proud.
‘Hey,’ he called to his brother, who was still fast asleep on couch, ‘Rise and shine, Sammy!’
‘Sure am, Gladys,’ Cas called back with a grin, then realised what he’d said, and clapped a hand over his mouth hoping Dean might have gone temporarily deaf.
Dean straighten up quickly, eager to get out of the line of fire, and asked, ‘Uh, isn’t is usually ‘open up for the airplane’?’
Ah. Cassie’s apparent burning need for cooking advice suddenly made sense. Bal smirked at the phone, and tapped out his reply.
‘You didn’t,’ she said, voice shaking. ‘That’s not really for me, right? Is this a joke?’
He’d accidentally put the car in
‘Dean,’ Cas growls, nipping lightly at his neck, ‘The
in the same way Dean and Cas had just
There wasn’t much more in the file, just a brief handwritten description from Sheriff Barker detailing how he’d been found, and that they’d been unsuccessful in locating either an owner or a family. Dean closed the folder, and handed it back to the sheriff.
But this isn’t a different time.
a bottle of a fantastic white wine Sam and Jess had brought with them from California), another beer for Sam, and a ginger ale for Dean.
cos I think I’m clever. Check it out if you want some tooth-rotting nonsense.
‘You go,’ Dean said immediately, ‘I’ll be right behind in the Impala. You stay with our dad, Jo, you let him know he’s not alone, ya hear?’ Jo nodded through her tears, and clambered up into the ambulance. The paramedics closed the back doors of the rig, and flew out of the parking lot. Dean shakily pulled his keys from his pocket, and stared at them like he’d never seen them before, the adrenaline from the last half hour finally fading, and he suddenly felt like he might collapse himself.
The bell above the door jangled loudly as Dean walked in, and he winced slightly the same way he did every morning as the sound resonated around the inside of his head like a jackhammer, but he did his best to school his facial features into a confident, if not slightly flirtatious expression, instead of letting his face screwing up in pain like he wanted to. The headaches were becoming more consistent now, but he’d be damned if he was going to let his numbered good days slip through his fingers cos he was too buys bellyaching about minor pains.
prepared the food they were shovelling into their
‘Hey,’ Dean said, voice still shaky, ‘You’re coming up? What about the kids?’
Jack very tentatively inspected the candy bar in his hand, and once he was apparently satisfied it hadn’t been tampered with, very cautiously ripped one end open, and at Dean’s encouragement, took a tiny bite. His eyes flew wide open at the first taste, and he took another minuscule nibble, and looked at Dean with complete wonderment in his eyes.
‘No way, man!’ Charlie argued, practically skipping back over to a dragon-esque looking one next to a tool box, ‘This is, like, recycling at its finest! I would love to have one of these for my Moondoor room at home — look at how each scale is a different piece of hardware! It’s like steampunk meets Michaelangelo meets Tolkien... It’s amazing!’
It had started snowing by the time Dean pulled into Benny’s driveway, and when Benny opened the door, Dean burst inside, stomping the snow off his boots, and eager to get out of the cold.
I have a laughably basic setup for recording these things, so it’s definitely not perfect, but… It exists.
Dean feels as though every nerve ending has been lit on
would you smell like an alpha, if you’re supposed to be free?’
. One last... One good memory for me to hold onto. Please.’
‘I already said no, Cas!’ Dean snapped, dark mood back in a flash. He crossed his arms over his chest, and glared at the ground.
grace bound and burning.
‘Shut up, jerk,’ Sam shot back in a voice that was half a note away from being a whine, ‘Seriously. What did the doc say?’
And he saw... Everything — the blue walls of his bedroom, the stacks of his worldly possessions he’d been separating into boxes marked TOSS, SAVE, DONATE before his condition had gotten so bad he couldn’t manage it any longer, the small trash can Sam had insisted he keep at his bedside ‘in case of emergencies’, aka Dean started puking his guts up again.
!’ which brought all arguing and barking to a screeching halt. Dean took a deep breath, then continued, ‘I’m gonna need y’all to settle down, and we’re gonna try this again: what in the
They officially filed the paperwork, and threw their long awaited party five months and ten days later, on Friday, November 11, 2011 (yes, 11-11-11, much to Dean’s chagrin). Dean and Cas invited all their friends and family to come over to the farmhouse, and Dean had never been so grateful to own as much square footage as he was that night, seeing his home packed to the gills with people who loved them.
, and refuses to feel bad for it because he knows that’s exactly what he needs at that very moment.
In a different time, he might have said
‘Aw, can it, ya idjit,’ the older man said, ‘I’ve had it up to here with you shit talkin’ yourself. Told ya you had a talent for this stuff, didn’t I?’
Once in the hall, Dean took a moment to run both hands through his hair, and massage his temples a bit, trying to compose himself before he turned back to the betas. He forced himself to take several steadying breaths, then said, ‘Okay, so the kid was never collared, because the son of a bitch alpha kidnapped his mom from her house years ago, knocked her up, then kept her and Jack chained up in some basement his whole life. Well, actually,’ Dean let out a bitter laugh that bordered on hysteria, ‘Jack wasn’t chained up, because he was called on to ‘service’ the alpha and his friends more than his mom was once he presented as omega. You... You can tell he’s been trained for — that,’ he swallowed hard, feeling sick, ‘Apparently the alpha made plans to sell Jack, but his mom attacked the asshole with a chair, and told Jack to run.’
He felt awful how awkward he had made things with Dean — and apparently Dean agreed, because he hadn’t been back since the day Castiel had picked up Balthazar, and made a complete ass of himself. It had been over two weeks, so the message was pretty obvious.
ride,’ he replied happily, taking his helmet off, so content that he didn’t even roll his eyes when Dean made one of his signature lame jokes about other things he could be riding.
It had been a whole a year together before they knew it. They’d ended up buying the farmhouse, and fell in love with it a little more every day, despite all the bitching and moaning Dean had done when they moved in in mid-March due to the weather and the amount of
‘Took ya long enough, chief,’ he grumbled, but without heat, ‘Ready to haul this big guy in?’
‘Somebody shut him the hell up, and shove him in the cruiser!’ Sheriff Barker shouted, and several officers jumped in to do just that.
He narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips in his signature
of a lecture on the way home, not to mention, grounded for a whole month. He told him about how upset he’d gotten when Bobby, Ellen, and Jo moved to Illinois for Ellen’s work when he was Jack’s age, and how he and Sam had worried they’d never see them again. He told him how not two years later, Bobby came back to Kansas to get them, when their parents left this world.  Jack just sat and listened to these stories, asking for more details on some, and just letting Dean ramble for others.
‘Yeah, man. I’ll go do that. Now,’ Sam said in a voice that implied maybe he needed a moment alone as well.
Benny had asked him to be best man, which he’d been honoured to accept, and as a result, he’d been charged with planning the bachelor party. Obviously this meant strippers, a party bus, and enough booze to sink a small ship, and raucous, fun debauchery had been had by all, including Dean, even though Cas, the bastard, had paid several of the ‘exotic dancers’ to give
, his first thought being
‘Hey. We’re not going to talk like that,’ Dean instructed gently. ‘The sheriff’s making all sorts of calls right now to get a team in place so we can go find her. Do you remember anything about the way you came before you got to Pirate Pete’s?’
Dean dumped his change from his water into the tip jar, and on a whim, pulled out the rest of the cash in his wallet, and threw it in there as well. He knew this was probably the last time he’d be in this shop, and possibly the last time he’d be out for... Well, awhile. So, he figured, it was probably the least he could do, after what an ass he’d been.
‘Darlin’, you can’t run on that leg on a good day, stone cold sober, in dry, sunny conditions, much less at night, after half a bottle of wine, in a torrential downpour,’ Dean teased, hoping Cas’s minor inebriation meant he wouldn’t pick up on the slight drawl of his words that gave away his nervousness.
searching,
‘You mean therapy?’ Cas asked in surprise, even as his head was still mere inches from the toilet, ‘You’re really going to do it?’
of the worst case scenarios his racing mind had come up with.
‘Fine,’ Sheriff Barker agreed reluctantly, ‘Just five, and we’ll be right on the other side of the two way mirror. If he’s not claimed, he’s technically still a minor, so legally, until we figure out what to do, he’s my responsibility.’
on Dean’s as a reference to the song
, so it’s been a nice break in the awfulness. (There should be a LTW update later this week, though!)
So on the not-so-bad day, Dean asked Sam to drive him to The Daily Grind. It had been three weeks since he’d last seen Castiel, and he felt just awful about how he’d left things with him. Cas didn’t deserve Dean being a dick to him, just because Dean wanted
‘It’s fine, I don’t mind,’ he said easily, separating the frozen foods to be put away in the freezer, ‘Is, uh... Everything okay?’
‘Yeah, you better,’ Dean grumbled, then went off to find a volunteer for a meet and greet between the Jack Russell Terrier, who would eventually be named Adam, and the red brindle Pitt Bull, who would be named Amara, much to Dean’s dismay.
The evening started with Sam giving a teary-eyed speech about how proud and happy he was for his brother, and how much he wished John and Mary could have seen how amazing his life had turned out. He thanked Bobby and Ellen for raising them, and thanked Dean for raising
‘Absolutely not,’ Charlie said sternly, ‘You are going to charge me for it. In fact, I insist you
Dean shook his head in amazement, so grateful to at least have one more day of sight, and was astounded to realise his headache had for once subsided. The absence of the screaming pain made his head feel so light he thought it might float away. He pulled back the covers, and made his way to the bathroom to take a piss, and realised his joints didn’t ache, and his limbs didn’t feel tingly and weak either. He hadn’t felt this good in — well, shit, almost half a year, really.
‘Oh my god, never again,’ Cas groaned the next morning, resting his head on the seat of the toilet he’d just spectacularly vomited into, ‘I didn’t even win the game — Meg and Jo both kept going after I switched to water.’
would never do that to anyone, especially the kid. We help rescue omegas who have been collared, and give them help healing, and any other resources they need so they can someday make it on their own.’
Castiel, on the other hand, fit in seamlessly. He looked entirely at home among these one percenters — he hadn’t even had to rent a tux, just pulled one out of his closet like it was a thing every man owned — and was happily going from painting to painting, glass of champagne held casually in his hand in a way that made it seem as though he went to these kinds of things every day of his life. Dean didn’t want to rain on his parade, so he did his best to fake it til he could make it (or at least not do anything to embarrass Cas in front of all these snobs.)
The house had certainly seen better days — the large wrap around porch had several weak spots, and was missing more than a few spindles from the railings, and the white paint was peeling up off the siding, but the house itself was beautiful. It was enormous, with huge bay windows in the front, and when they walked around the back, Dean’s mouth fell open when he saw the enormous four car garage.
‘Considering how many tests they ran, and the eight hundred people they had come look at the scans, and shine lights in my eyes, and prod and poke me all over, I’d say pretty damn sure, Sammy,’ Dean said, his own voice catching in his throat, ‘Sam, I think... I think I’m gonna be okay.’
. Somewhere in the midst of all this, he’s grabbed Cas’s hand, and he’s holding onto Cas just as tightly as Cas is holding onto him, and he’s
‘Just call me Dean, kid,’ Dean replied, throat tight, remembering the first time Sammy had tasted chocolate. He’d been about two. Dean couldn’t even remember the first time even
He wandered over to Claire, who had grabbed a pair of basic black ankle-high rain boots, and was eyeing a pair of lace up combat boots with a sort of wistful look. She looked up as Dean approached, looking a bit embarrassed, so Dean just nodded towards the other boots and said ‘Throw ’em in the cart if you want.’
‘She’s a good friend,’ Dean observed, ‘I can tell she really cares about you... I’m glad you have her.’
‘How are you not dying? I think I’m dying,’ Cas whined, groping blindly for the water bottle Dean had brought in for him
‘I know a good mechanic who could cut you a deal,’ Cas replied dryly, reaching over to help gently lower the dragon to the ground, ‘Anyway, think about it like this — if someone buys your work today, you won’t have to worry about hauling it back.’
Despite his assurances to Kevin (which would undoubtedly find their way back to Cassie), Bal doesn’t head straight home. Instead, he drives aimlessly along the waterfront for hours, staring blankly out the windshield. He realises after some time that he’s not even put the radio on, it’s just been him and his thoughts — or lack thereof — alone in the stifling silence since leaving the center.
The rest of the trip was more of the same — Dean trying a little too hard to get Claire to open up, and Claire pushing back every step of the way. She finally relented and picked out a few outfits for both her and Jack, but just scowled through the rows of books, music, and movies, muttering again about it not mattering since they were bound to be living somewhere else next month anyway.
‘This is all my fault, Bobby,’ Dean said miserably, once they were settled into their uncomfortable chairs, and once he started talking, the whole awful story came out. Bobby, bless him, didn’t give Dean the reaming out he deserved for his drunken ranting and antics, just said gently,
‘Huh, so the secret to free coffee is bringing you flowers, then, Castiel?’ boomed a customer at a nearby table, an elderly gentleman called Frank, who came in every day with his wife to share a senior coffee, bran muffin, and several hours of people watching. ‘Well if I’d known it was that easy, maybe I woulda considered going for the fellas back in my day, rather than old Gladys here, and brought you a flower every day.’
The farmhouse was... A dream. A pain in the ass, beautiful, magical, laundry list of imperfections, dream. He’d never thought he could be someone who lived outside of the city, but something about the property had caught his eye, and he was so very grateful that it did. It was like finding the biggest, best blank canvas, and getting to turn it into whatever he wanted, with the person he loved most in the world by his side.
Dean looked surprised, but unruffled, and he took a deep breath, and said, ‘So... Do it?’
everyone had gone.
‘Aw, you can just have it,’ Dean mumbled, looking embarrassed, ‘It’s just a stupid thing I threw together.’
At the end of the night (or possibly, the very early hours of the morning), after he’d reduced Dean a wrung out, mewling mess, Cas gathered him up in his arms, and murmured, ‘How many bags of M&Ms do you think we just earned?’ to which Dean merely groaned, too sated and happy to even attempt a snarky reply.
While Dean was doing something with fish for his
‘Okay, yeah,’ Dean said, still feeling as though he was dreamwalking, ‘Thanks Meg. You too, Garth. Good call with those Bee Gees.’
But, I had seen him — the Righteous Man —
think my drinking is a problem, then it’s worth working on. So for now, I still hit up AA about once a month or so, just to check in with everyone, and whatever. I mean, I will say, between that and the therapy, I think I’m happier for it. Probably a better person, too, ’specially since now we got the kids to consider.’
‘Mmm... Love you, babe,’ Cas murmured, ‘You are
Lastly, thank you so much to any and all who have been so kind with your feedback... It truly means so much! Extra thanks to the MSW Discord fam for helping me with various fact checks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack settled into the back seat, put his headphones on, and started playing his handheld video game thing that was
save you,
‘I doubt I’ll have to transport this many again,’ Cas said with a shrug, ‘I should probably get going before poor Raphael dies of exhaustion.’
Both Cas and Dean had also received a surprising number of inquiries about their art following Wild Angels, and each consistently had at least one project they were working on. Castiel had been commissioned to paint a series of eight surreal landscapes for a trendy architecture firm in downtown Chicago, whereas Dean was approached by several individuals who had ideas for everything from likenesses of their pets, to characters from pop culture, to nude replicas of themselves or their significant others. (‘Should I be jealous?’ Cas had asked, only half joking, when Dean had finished a consultation with a very attractive young woman who wanted a sculpture done of her breasts to give to her husband. ‘Sweetheart, there’s not a pair of tits on this planet that could compare to that ass, so I think it’s safe to say you’ve got nothing to worry about,’ Dean had replied, giving said ass a playful slap, which never failed to do
in there was anything to go by.’
‘Literally!’ Dean called cheekily, so without thinking, Cas took the nearest object and threw it at the closed door, which unfortunately happened to be the toilet paper.
‘Who the hell
Dean nodded, knowing it was going to be a hell of a long time before the kid approached anything even in the neighbourhood of ‘alright’, but nevertheless forced himself to settle down as he fumbled with the seatbelt — the last thing he wanted to do was walk into the police station reeking of guilt and regret and sadness.
, like they were
shut the fuck up, Dean!’ Cas groaned from inside the bathroom, ‘This is humiliating — I can’t believe you have to put up with this shit.’
stuck with them, so when Dean suggested using those lines for the engraving, Cas eagerly agreed.)
WEIGHT: 118 LBS
up the driveway, stopping short when he saw the damage done to his car, one hand coming up to cover his mouth.
Despite having sank back down to his knees, the kid otherwise looked... Like a kid. He had on worn looking jeans, a blue t-shirt with some sort or sarcastic saying on it, and beat up sneakers, but altogether, not too bad for lost and found castoffs. Dean could tell, by the way he kept fidgeting with the hem of his shirt, that he wasn’t accustomed to being so covered — yet another phenomenon Dean could definitely relate to.
‘Jesus fuck, please stop.’ Castiel begged, and for once, Dean took mercy on him, and did.
one of ‘those couples’... It’s sickening.’) they went to a fancy dinner at a French restaurant that was far outside either of their price ranges. One glance at the menu reminded Castiel forcibly of every uncomfortable family event from his childhood, but the opportunity to see Dean in a suit and tie, scanning the menu, brow furrowed in concentration as he mouthed
‘What happened?’ he asked, eyes flitting all across Dean’s pale face, and up and down his trembling body, ‘Holy crap, are you alright?’
been squirrelling away), then the next thing he knew, there was a loud ruckus as Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Sam, and Jess all came up the driveway, as awestruck as Cas had been to see Charlie’s transformation of their backyard. Cas eagerly went to say hello, and was immediately enveloped in hugs and congratulations.
‘Yeah, said that already,’ Dean replied calmly, ‘I’m gonna need you to help me get outta here, so I don’t go knocking over the mug display or something, and making a big old mess for Cas, alright?’
Next, a barefoot older woman wearing a crop top and sarong skirt had taken one look at another one of the smaller sculptures — this time of a songbird surrounded by music notes, perched on a tree branch made from springs wound and welded around an old tailpipe that had been inspired by a Fleetwood Mac song his mother had used to sing to him — and had offered Dean and even more absurdly high amount of money for it. He’d actually counteroffered with a much lower amount, and the woman had actually put her hands on her hips and glared at him, saying
him for that, but right then, in that very second, he gives absolutely no fucks about easing his guilt,
‘Yeah,’ Dean said fiercely. ‘I told ya, kid... You’re stuck with me now. I got ya.’
‘Just wanted to call and say happy fiftieth birthday,’ Claire replied, deadpan. ‘I ordered you one of those remotes with the giant numbers; it should be there any day now.’
, and he can take his time doing all that fussy ‘manscaping’ shit he used to make fun of with secret envy.
to be left alone with one of the very few people in the entire world Bal gave a shit about...
I would rather be here with than you.’
‘Then just sit still and think of England,’ Cas snapped, ‘Don’t you dare embarrass Claire; she’ll never forgive us.’ Dean sighed sulkily, but then made a big show of sitting up a bit straighter, hands folded primly on the table as he gave Jack a wink, which made him laugh more.
‘I don’t give a shit about the car,’ Dean replied without missing a beat. When Claire made a noise of protest, he growled, ‘Fuck the car. She’s survived two crashes already, she’ll be fine. Anything that’s busted I can fix or replace. I can’t replace
‘Claire...’ Dean said, hating to be the bad guy, ‘Usually when a dog keeps getting brought back like that, there’s a reason for it.’
knew right from wrong, so he held onto the hope that these little ‘accidents’ would eventually come to an end.)
array of items from a certain store in town that they both favoured, but hadn’t been able to properly indulge in while Cas was still recovering. Though his leg was still quite stiff and weak on occasion, it didn’t give him any problems that night, when he slipped the blindfold over Dean’s eyes, checked the restraints that secured him to the bedposts, then slid down to mouth Dean’s cock through the silk of the forest green panties Cas had picked out specially for the occasion.
‘No,’ Dean interrupted so furiously that Cas flinched hard, causing him to wince painfully as he jolted his many injuries, which only made Dean feel like a bigger piece of shit. ‘Don’t you dare apologise to me. Not for that. Not ever, you hear me? You didn’t do a goddamn thing wrong, and if it wasn’t for me acting like a fucking asshole, you wouldn’t be in this... Fucking... Goddamnit Cas, I thought- when I got that call today...’
‘I just don’t understand how a dude can have a badass bike like Balthazar, then park him all winter, and drive a friggin’
Uncomprehendingly, he watches Cas deliberately turn his back to Dean, and move to sit at the edge of the bed, and for one wild moment, he thinks Cas is about to grab his clothes and bolt —
‘What?’ Castiel gasped, completely taken aback, ‘What do you mean? I... I had no idea.’
up then, okay? I’ll be around all day.’
‘Yeah,’ Castiel said, and downed the second drink, savouring the way it burned his throat, because it gave him something else to think of, aside from his grief, ‘It just... Sucks. He’s just so... He doesn’t deserve this. I mean, no one does, but... He’s just different. And I just feel so helpless. I wish there was something I could do.’
Dean starts seeing a therapist who makes a dark joke about Dean’s coping skills (or lack thereof) when he had the brain tumour. Dean is not offended at all (he actually laughs), but it is a bit harsh.
Still, it was really unusual that Cas had broken his own rule, and gone for a ride that morning, and it caused a prickle of anxiety somewhere behind Dean’s sternum, which only grew as the day grew later, and Cas had not yet returned. Finally, just before noon, his phone rang, and he snatched it up, expecting to see Cas’s name flashing up at him, but instead it was an unknown number with an 847 area code.
Quietly, he padded across the room, intending to give Cas a kiss before hitting the shower, but when he neared, even in the darkness, he could tell that Cas was not tangled in the mess of sheets on their bed. He took another step, and let out a quiet yell when something sharp jabbed the bottom of this foot. Looking down, he realised it was a broken piece of plastic. He looked around on the ground, and realised it had been a piece of Cas’s phone he’d stepped on as it lay in pieces on the floor, little shards of plastic and wires scattered all over.
‘Then what’s the goddamn solution, Castiel?’ Dean roars back, jumping to his feet, entirely unembarrassed at that moment to be buck ass naked and screaming in a motel, ‘What’s the fucking answer? I have tried
‘Coming from the chick who says ‘dweeb’ in the first place,’ he said, and wrapped his arms around her, gently laying a hand against the back of her head.
‘Sounds good,’ Cas agreed, exhausted. They drove several more minutes in silence, when they happened to pass an old, white farmhouse with a FOR SALE sign in the front yard. Cas peered out the window at it with interest, and he was surprised to see Dean do the same thing.
‘I know babe,’ Cas said soothingly, ‘I know. But we’ll meet up with you really soon, and LCMC is going to take great care of him. Take it from someone who can attest to that firsthand, okay?’
‘I’ll put you in the ‘bitch seat’ any day of the week,’ Cas shot back without missing a beat, which, of course, resulted in more raunchy banter, and them dashing inside and through the dark house to their bedroom as quietly as they could, so as not to wake and subsequently traumatise the kids.
