"Yeah. Let's open it!"
Pins and needles stabbed Dean in the back.
Dean let out a pained laugh, "no, no. I didn't lie. Not really. You see, this blade is the only thing that can kill me, but the First Blade can only be wielded by someone with the Mark of Cain."
"God I can't believe you're a college student."
Dean looks down.
"Catherine's scream?"
"Yeah I heard you, it's just..."
Concern clouded Sam's face, "what's wrong? Why are you up this early?"
"I did too! Until Dean cheated on me."
Dean chuckled, "Not to tell you that you wasted all your money, but I never went to college. I'm actually a mechanic."
Sam shook his head, "this one is too complicated."
Cas rolled his eyes then opened his door. He glared at those green eyes. Eyes he couldn't help but to think were beautiful. "You're really fucking dense, you know that?"
Dean was done. He'd spent all his emotional energy. Sam and Benny could think/say/do whatever they want, but Dean was done interacting with people.
"What?" Cas laughed, "you're joking?"
"Well, what are you going to do?"
"And I'm glad, honestly. I-" Sam sighed then gave a small smile, "I am glad Dean, you did it. You won the case."
"Oh I'd be
"I truly believe that Dean's my brother, and I know we ain't always on the best of terms Sam, but I consider you my brother too, truly."
They stop kissing but stay close. They rest their foreheads against each other, eyes closed. They take in what just happened and what it means.
"I believe you Professor, and I agree. I mean Dean's never really been into academics. When we in high school," Sam sighed, "I mean I told you how our dad sucked."
"Alright, well it's another 3 hours to the University of Kansas so do you think we can get going?"
"Um I- it was-" Sam took a settling breath, "I brought I'm outside to talk about Cas. I saw him earlier stumbling around drunk out of his mind. He's an alcoholic. He was sober for like five months so something terrible must've happened. Dean left to check on him right away."
Dean opened his eyes and all the members of the jury were back. The foreman of the jury remained standing.
"Hey, Sam. Didn't realize you'd be home for dinner. No biggie though we have enough," Dean smiled at Sam.
"Good for them," Cas sits down in the armchair across from him.
"Oh," the man looked over Dean's shoulder and saw Cas glaring at him, "oh, sorry guys I didn't mean to get between you."
"I guess I still got it."
"We cured Dean," Charlie blurted.
As soon as Sam left Cas took out his phone. He stared at the blinking blue line not sure what to say. He's interrupted as an alarm starts going off on his phone. 🚨 class 🚨 shows up on the screen. That's right, Cas has a class to teach in 20 minutes. If he got Dean to open up, then he'd have to leave him out to dry while he taught. He could never do that to Dean and he can't cancel his class. It hits him. He'd smiled to himself as he texts Dean.
"No. Yes. Well, he was really concerned. I don't think he knew."
Then he heard it. He was being called to the stand. He could feel everyone's eyes piercing through him as he approached the court.
He ignored them and went right to the back room. Crowley's personal hook-up room. The bodyguard outside stopped him.
, his emotional brain responded
"I bet you haven't been able to go two hours without having to shoot up again huh."
"Just thought you should know."
"You really haven't heard of me?" the demon laughed, "I'm Dean freakin Winchester."
Dean closed the door behind him.
A week goes by and Cas hasn't seen Dean since, but he has not stopped thinking about him. He wished he could've gotten to know Dean more, but then he let that stupid comment slip. He didn't mean to be insulting by his blunt nature, but Dean never gave him a chance. Cas can't blame him, he only wished there was something he could do about it. Cas sighed. Right now he was grading math quizzes. He liked teaching, but grading was a different story. It could be very monotonous at times. Then he came across an interesting test from a girl named Charlie. She had gotten the right answer, but he'd never before seen the method she used. Cas is pretty sure that this was still a valid way to get the solution, but he wanted to double-check with Professor Haden. His office was just down the hall. He picked up the test and headed over.
"You know I love you, Dean. Always have. But I've been too good to you."
"Who?"
"I didn't-"
Somehow Dean had forgotten about the smell, "oh."
He was answering a question Garth had asked him, "no I didn't drink any. In fact, I'm four months sober today."
"You can't graffiti here, that's someone's work."
Dean shrugged, "I like cars. The way you put them together just makes sense to me."
"Is the jury leaning in your favor?"
"Oh, he went to find you," Charlie turned around, "I think we found it."
"Only because you finally found someone that's willing to actually put up with you."
Ok Lucifer is like a really bad lawyer
"Um, I'm not Bobby," Cas replied. The cranking stopped. After a moment Dean rolled himself out from under the car. When he saw who it was he rolled his eyes and sat up.
"No, no, Sammy," Dean put his hands out and waved them, "don't give me the answer you think I want to hear. Tell me the truth."
Dean was silently crying now. He appreciated Cas. So much. Cas had the heart to come find him after he hung up and he was willing to cancel a class just to be with him. Cas barely knew him, but he was there for him. As he sat there leaning against Cas, he cried. It wasn't the painful suffocating cry like before. It was the smooth and silent cry that just let your body release.
Dean does talk a little but nothing worthy of a TW
Big announcement everyone! I know I said I was going to focus on school and not write that much this week, well I lied. I actually wrote a lot and I am a few chapters ahead. From now on I will update on a schedule. I will try to do two a week, Mondays and Fridays. However, I do not want writing to turn into a chore/become stressful so I may not stick to this (or I could just forget to upload too lol)
"Let me in," Dean mustered a glare on his face.
"Ain't how it works. Dean isn't gonna magically feel better once he knows the truth. You hurt him, Cas. he needs time to recover. Let me an' Sam get him through the night. Then we'll contact you when he's ready."
Cas thought for a moment, "Then let's change that."
"God, she was totally going to kill us."
"Is it 'cause he's your professor? Because you're not in his class-"
"Come in."
Cas squinted his eyes until Dean looked down.
Cas does what Charlie says and they wait. Charlie closes the warded box and faces away from the door.
Sam paused, "let's talk outside."
Sam sighed, "yes but I bet she could kick your ass too."
"Heh, yeah. Thanks, Dean."
"Hey Dean," Sam said.
"Well it's my money and I get to decide what I spend it on!"
The man held on to Dean but looked out from the ally. Sure enough, there were four police officers there with their guns out. Dean took the man's distraction as an opportunity. Dean's mind was frozen, but his body wasn't. He kneed the guy in the gut and shoved him to the ground. He leaned over the guy and started punching him in the face, repeatedly. In the back of his mind, he heard the officers yelling, but he kept going. He didn't fight when he felt two people pull him off. The rapist's face was bloody and he deserved it. He smiled as the man was handcuffed and put in the back of the first police car. He saw the police officer's mouth moving but he couldn't hear anything over the ringing in his ears. The police walked him over to the car and put him in the back. He wasn't handcuffed but he didn't fight. The ringing finally subsided when they pulled into the police station. They escorted him to an interrogation room where they left him alone with just one officer that was on the scene with him.
"What's your name?" She asked.
Dean read Cas's text and stared for a moment. It wasn't that strange of a request, but Cas was acting a little different. He walks down the hallway and turns. He finds the door easily. He isn't sure if he should knock or not, but he hears Cas talking inside. He decides to just walk in. He stops. The lecture hall was full. Cas was teaching a class right now.
"I saw Carl pinning Catherine to the wall. His elbow across her throat. The other hand trying to unbutton her shorts."
"And where'd you learn to do that?" Another person said.
"Hello, Dean."
The man let go and Dean fell back into sorrow on the floor.
"What're you doing here?"
Because you're unlikeable. Weird. Undeserving of love. It's your fault. It's all your fault. Always. Always your fault.  Always. Always Always. It's your fault. Always your fault. Your fault. Yours. Always.
"Goodnight Dean, don't stay out too late."
(See the end of the chapter for
. He pocketed it and yawned. He didn't want to wake up Sam so he decided to go for a walk.
"Yeah, keep me updated, son."
Benny took his helmet off and double-checked google maps. Yup, this was the place. He parked the bike and set his helmet on the handlebars.
The judge turned to Lucifer, "Mr. Lucifer do you have any relevance here."
The men hauled him up and brought him outside. They threw him face-first on the gravel. He got a mouthful of dust.
"It's so damn important to me, Cas. I wanna do it to help Catherine. I won't let- Nobody should ever- We have to win this case."
"Unfortunately, I do have other appointments tonight."
The class stared back at him. Some were feverishly writing this down. Others were simply sitting there, letting the information sink in. His eyes scanned the class and found a familiar face in the last row. Charlie was sleeping in the back corner, drooling on her notebook.
"Yeah... I was by her side the whole time... but there was nothing I could do... I just had to watch as the love of my life slowly faded away."
"Jesus Christ, I need to apologize. Is he home right now?"
Dean continued in a staring contest with Crowley, "you're not sober. In fact," Dean gave a little laugh, "you're high right now."
They took his phone out of his pocket. Oh.
"America will always defend protestors, even at places such as these."
"Yeah, I'm sure he'd help you."
"Come in," Castiel said from inside.
Dean sat up and whipped his face with his hands. He took a few breaths as Sam sat down on the edge of the bed.
They gather the few other ingredients needed for the spell and head to the storage room.
Something was wrong with Dean. Something was very wrong. But Sam had no idea what it was. He tried asking Dean, but was shut down instantly. It wasn't like Dean was staying out all night getting drunk. In fact, he was staying away from drugs. Dean just... wasn't doing anything.  He made meals every once in a while, but he never seemed to enjoy them. He just picked at his food. Whenever they did talk, it was always about Sam. When Sam asked Dean about his day, Dean said it was normal, just like any other day, uneventful, and then change the topic of the conversation.
Sam had been listening through the door but now it was too much.
Dean glanced over at Carl, sitting in the defendant's chair. He was glaring at him. Someone that gave him energy. He has to get him in jail. "He said I had long lashes, thick lips," Dean cleared his throat, "he said I was 'just as fuckable as that whore.'" Dean used air quotes.
"Let me repay the favor, Dean. Tell me what's wrong, and don't say nothing because your hands are shaking even as you smoke."
"Dean wait," Sam followed him, "you're not taking the car?"
uh so forget what I said last chapter about it being 4:30. Pretend it's after dinner pls and thanks.
"Dean, that's ok."
Dean rolled his eyes but he was still smiling, "I will, now go! Run!"
"Well did something happen to make Sam want you to come?"
"You think that will help?"
"What are you doing?"
"Well they meet, well that's actually a long story, so umm, well they became friends after Cas helped Dean through a panic attack and then they went to court together. I mean Dean had to testify and he was scared and Cas went with him and last I knew they went out to a club. Dean said they kissed and he was really happy in the morning. I assumed they were together, but now... it doesn't make sense."
"That's the crazy thing. I'm an alcoholic who doesn't like to drink."
"Yeah," the demon smiled, "I told y-"
He found himself walking down the road. He didn't know where he was going, but at least he was away from Cas's house. Oh God,
"I know you went to the bathroom to drink."
"Thick lips, long eyelashes. You'll do just fine."
Charlie analyzed the board for a moment, "of course! Who would want to make the equation more difficult."
"What? What happened between you two? Dean has barely spoken since we dragged him back from club hell."
"What do you mean?" Dean frowned, "Is everything ok?"
"She was the one who gave me the hand of God necklace," Cas added.
Dean smiled, "yeah actually the girl was super funny. So she popped a tire and she fixed it up herself correctly but then her battery dies. I just gave her a quick jump and was on my way. She was super nice though, her name is Charlie, we even exchanged numbers."
Dean sprung up in his bed. He had had a nightmare about his sexual assault. The one that went a lot further than a kiss. Dean rubbed his eyes until he saw stars. He looked at the clock and sighed. It was 7 am and he was wide awake. He changed his clothes and picked up the one cigarette he had. He rolled it back and forth between his hands.
"No. Sammy," Dean couldn't help himself, he smiled again, "I just have plans today."
"That's fun. What you have for dinner?"
"Well when that guy hit on me," Dean's cheeks got red, "then I said we were together..."
"You know I talked to Professor Novak tonight."
"Why not? What happened between you two?"
The tough facade Dean had put on for the bodyguard melted away.
Cas cups Dean's face in his hands, "As much as it pains me to say, I really must be going."
"No. Even trade. Job for a job."
"Yeah well sorry, you came all this way for nothing Cas."
"Yes," Dean said through clenched teeth.
If Dean would only do his obligations then maybe...
Then Cas took Dean's hand and squeezed it. He whispered in Dean's ear, "It'll all be over soon. The jury is making the decision right now."
"Yeah, why?"
"Where you've been, son?" Bobby asked.
There are no triggering topics in this chapter. I will add tags and put trigger warnings when triggering topics come up.
Cas wonders what the meeting will be like. He looks back at Dean, who is passed out in the back seat.
Always.
"You wanna talk about it?"
"Yeah?"
"And what did you see?"
There was a ringing in Dean's ears.
"They're dating, correct?"
It all clicked into place. Dean found someone else. Of course he found someone else, he was beautiful. Dean didn't really like Cas, he was just pretending. He probably found out Cas liked him and so he kissed him out of pity. Or maybe he had forced himself into liking Cas to try and repay him. Dean just felt in debt because Cas had helped him out.
"Hah, yeah..." Dean took a rubber band off his wrist and started playing with it.
Sam deadpanned, "Yes, Dean. I enjoy running."
"A fucking explanation. An' I ain't leaving until I get one."
"Did he say anything to you?"
"U Kansas?" Cas asked.
What did Dean want? Cas thought as he clicked accept.
Sam had a later class that night so Dean made dinner. He decided to make what he knew was one of Sam's favorites, even if he didn't admit to it, spaghetti and meatballs.
Sam nodded as his shoulders dropped their tension. Sam went back to his room and fell asleep. The house was quiet once again. Dean didn't fall back asleep.
"Yeah, I was sober."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, I just want to go home." Dean got into the car.
. Did Dean cry? He couldn't remember. Was he okay?
"Did he say anything to you?"
Dean sighed, "Bobby I'm sorry I-"
He liked to run without music. Yes, most people thought he was strange, but it was calming to him. He could hear his own thoughts or the birds or other sounds of nature.
Dean's eyes watered and he smiled, "Yeah. Yeah. That's him. I've- I've never seen him with a beard before ha, he's so old and- and he's all grown up."
"No, I don't think so. Why would you come here then? No, you're desperate because I bet that my brother disabled the override switch when he left. He couldn't risk me using it to escape. You're not even men of letters. You have no idea how this place works. You're trapped and helpless and now you've come crawling to a demon for help."
Dean looked to his side and saw that he was in front of a corner store.
Benny continued, "an' Dean was willing to fuck him for drugs! But he was thrown out. And you know what Dean did next?! Nothing. That's right. He laid down on the ground, bleeding, for hours because he had no will left in him. Someone- not Dean- finally called Sam. We went to pick him up and he still wouldn't move. We had to carry him to the fucking car!"
"I was leaving the bar, Purgatory, at around 10:30."
Cas faked a glare at Dean, "it wasn't a breakup, we never dated. But one day she leaned in to kiss me and I pulled back. She told me we were dating and I told her I was gay."
"What?"
The rest of the dinner was filled with laughter as Dean and Eileen got to know each other better. Sam was glad because he really, really liked Eileen, even though they hadn't been dating long. When they were finished the waiter visited them and asked if they wanted any deserts.
"Well can we take you out for dinner?"
. It felt different coming from a complete stranger. Dean couldn't tell if it was better or worse than his father. Nah his father was definitely worse.
"Oh but I can."
"Well get to work, Cas."
Dean pulled his shirt over his head then threw it aside. He took a few anxious steps towards the other man, "please I'll do anything. Anything. I need something. Please, Crowley. I need- I need something. I'll do anything."
Cas heard the motorcycle roar to life and take off.
"You want us to believe that you, someone who had to be checked in to an inpatient rehab center. Went to a bar alone, and then left without drinking or smoking anything?"
"Very impressive sir, I guess I'm really not your first demon. Ok, fine, you have my word, that, as long as you don't try and kill me, I promise to get you out of here and not to kill or hurt you at all for 10 years, good?"
heart, all because of nothing.
"W-what?" Dean glanced over at Mrs. Sheppard.
"No! Lisa is my girlfriend! I have a girlfriend!"
I couldn't just give you a confession scene and have it all be sunshine and rainbows
"So I thought."
"This problem," Cas raises his arm up showing the whiteboard.
The man looked between Dean and a still furiously glaring Cas and nodded, "sure, ok." The man walked away and Dean rubbed his face with his hands. He turned back to Cas with his eyes glued to the ground. Cas opened his mouth to say something.
Dean glared at him.
"Ok so beating me you're saying you have the same skill level as a half-asleep six-year-old."
Dean sighed, "the middle school is having a graduation ceremony, but it's one of the nights I'm working so I can't go."
"Whatever. I don't want to talk about it." Dean went to lay down, but Sam stopped him before he could get to the ground.
"Dean?"
When he entered the meeting room, everyone was chitchatting in groups of two or three. Taking advantage of the free water and snacks. No one really noticed his presence until one familiar face spots him.
Cas didn't mean to run by Dean's house. He always went on runs and he always took a different path each time. Ok, maybe it was a bit intentional, but it was only because he cared. After almost two hours of radio silence from Dean, Cas had to swing by the house. He was planning on running to Dean's then to the junkyard. He had prayed to never find Dean crying in the junkyard again, but he had to check in case he was there.
He found himself on campus.
"Haden is still being a dick. If I do bad on one more quiz I'm done for."
"Yeah..."
9-year-old Sam backs away from the closed door. Dean had told him to hide in the closet when he heard the car pull up.
"Well ok then," Dean couldn't help but smile back at Cas. They let go of each other's hand and went to Cas's car.
, but he stopped himself.
Dean showed his arm to them, "yes," he laughed as tears formed in his eyes, "yes it's gone."
"Um, some salmon. Dean are you alright?" Cas sat up straighter, Dean was talking slow and sounded upset.
"No, and I'm not failing math anymore, thanks to your help."
"Ah, just the man I was waiting for," Cas sends a huge smile in Dean's direction but he's talking towards the students.
"ANSWER THE QUESTION BOY."
"What do you want?"
"I don't know, we should probably explore it more."
"None of your business."
"Nothing. What happened next?"
"A London car, nice. Oh, would you excuse me?" He put his hand on her shoulder for a moment then walked around the group of girls. "Charlie!" he said throwing his arms out.
Dean shook his head and put his hands on his face. Cas sighed and sat next to Dean against the car. Their shoulders were touching but Dean liked the pressure. It helped to remind him that someone was there. They sat in silence for a moment, and it was nice not having to make eye contact.
They head over to the bar. Cas ordered a water and Dean ordered another sprite. "So how long have you been coming here?" Dean asked.
"M'by," Dean mumbled.
"I'm sure I have one in the car. Give me a minute."
Dean sighed, "I'm back because my brother wants me to be."
"My OD."
"You know where he lives?"
"Go! Run!" Dean yelled. The woman struggled to get up, she had a hurt ankle.
Sam sighed with relief, "yeah still, thanks for giving up so much for me."
"He did? When?"
"Hey Raven, everything ok?" he gives her a hug, "You seem worried."
"Yeah, he's been in a weird mood lately and that was Bobby, Dean's boss at the shop."
"Oh yeah? Then tell me I'm wrong. Tell me you're not just a scared little kid stuck in the past."
What happened to Dean. This is Dean's perspective, not what Dean is telling Sam
"What! You jerk!"
Dean let out a bitter laugh, "that's not the part I'm worried about."
"He's a really great guy. He didn't mean the wasting your life comment, he just knows you're wicked smart and wanted to know why'd you never went to college. I need to ask Dean, did you want to go to college, to get a degree, maybe be an engineer or something."
"Not guilty, exactly. Nothing ever happened. You made it up."
He's laughing. That's good. Cas really didn't think Dean would be homophobic, but you can never be sure. Dean's laugh was genuine and lighthearted. Cas smiled and Dean's laugh. He was glad he could get Dean to smile after he cried earlier.
"Yeah and now-"
Dean couldn't stop the small laugh, "yeah man, hope you're hungry."
Dean whipped the tears from his face and shook his head.
A pair of hands grabbed his legs and another grabbed his shoulders. They rotated him and sat him up on the wall. He hissed as a small cut on his back pressed against the cold brick wall.
"You can't, you're still bleeding. Do you want blood on the seats?"
"Maybe at first, but you stayed because you were scared. Scared of taking risks, of trying something new. What if you weren't good at it?"
Beeping. People talking. It reeked of vomit. Voices. Faces. Doctors. He was in a hospital? Darkness.
"I-" Cas was spiraling. What he thought were facts and memories were starting to fade away.
"No."
"It's 'cause I'm the oldest, and therefore superior."
Dean smiled and shrugged.
"Oh I'm sure you have," he started slowly walking towards them, "but I'm not just any other demon. Those won't work on me."
"Uhh, sure Cas." Dean actively looked at the board and started doing the problem in his head. Once he's sure of his approach, he starts lecturing.
He wanted to forget about Dean, but he already knew he wouldn't be able to. He still got butterflies thinking of the kiss. The best kiss of his life. And it filled him with pain. It wasn't just Dean not liking him back. It was how Dean lied to him. Ignored him. Told him it was an emergency? And in reality, he was just hooking up with some other guy. It was shameful to say it was an emergency. Just tell me the truth.
"They called to tell me that although they never saw you roughhousing in school, you're probably getting into a lot of fights outside of school. I told them you had beef with some private school kid that lives up the street. That you two fight a lot. Just normal conflicts people your age have."
"Be safe!" He called out.
"Can't do that," the bodyguard responded, "Mr. Crowley isn't taking any visitors."
Dean recognized the voice. "Cas?" He chocked out.
Dean turned to Cas, "what are they doing here?"
Cas's alarm went off and he felt only rage. If it wasn't his phone making the noise, he would've smashed it. He hit snooze and went back to sleep. He was dreaming about Dean. Not in a creepy or overly sexual way. He was just thinking about how soft Dean's lips were. How warm he felt when they kissed. He thought about holding hands walking down the street. Cuddling up for a movie. Teaching lessons together. The way Dean tilted his head back when he laughed. The crinkles in his face when he smiled. BEEP BEEP BEEP
Sam just stared at him breathing heavily.
Too similar.
I will update tags and put warnings when triggering topics come up.
"Dean, whatever it is, you need to get it off your chest, you called me for a reason."
"Dean I'm getting worried."
"Why would you tell us that?" Cas started following Dean who just laughed and kept walking.
Dean nodded. He took the rubber band off his hand and started weaving it around with his right hand. They made their way to a briefing room where Catherine and her lawyers were waiting.
"You first. Tell me everything."
Hey guys I'm back. Sorry I had SATs, AP exams, and this huge history research paper so I needed some time off. Also, I waited a little longer so I can be ahead on the chapters, but that also means the chapters are a little shorter. We should be back to weekly updates! Thanks for not being bitchy about the break :)
The old man gave him a small smile. "He's in the junkyard a few miles away." He gave Cas the address and sent him on his way.
"Well uh I-"
"Sure, sure. Just next time you bring someone home, it's whatever, I'm cool with it."
"I've got to tell you man," Dean shook his head, "that beard makes you. God, I can't look at it."
Dean just waved his hand, not looking back.
He just didn't do anything. He walked Sam to school and then picked him up. He went to work and made dinner. He finished his responsibilities.... but nothing else.
"Is- is that meatballs? Did you make spaghetti and meatballs?"
"Yes. I do."
"What the hell happened?" Benny asked hoarsely.
Dean was expecting a protest, but at Sam's silence, he looked up.
Dean swallowed, "No, no Bobby. I was just.. working through some stuff after, you know, after the trial."
Benny nodded, "so how does Dean know him?"
"Professor Novak?"
Dean smiled, "good night Cas."
"You're still in the devil's trap," Charlie said.
"Of course I am, last night was an exception, don't worry. There was an online roleplay event last night so I stayed up later than normal. This class is boring anyway."
"Uh, I was telling Sam about this jacket I saw a guy wearing."
tw: negative thoughts, self-hating thoughts
Sam's smiling like a little kid on Christmas, "ok. You better."
"So you have no idea why Cas is upset with Dean?"
When it was clear to Cas that Dean wasn't going to continue, he decided to share something of his own. Something personal that he didn't like to talk about, but felt comfortable sharing with Dean anyways.
"Castiel."
"Hey it's ok, you're ok Dean."
"So is that really why you wanted me to come?" Dean asked.
"I understand Dean. Thanks for finally telling me."
"Well, we're old friends. Haven't spoken in a while. We just met up again this morning."
Sam sighed, "Nothing Professor I-" he stopped when he saw the look on Cas's face. It was kind, but it would not accept a lie. "I'm not doing too good in analytical geometry, and Professor Haden isn't really helping me get my grade back up."
Benny chuckled at that, "yeah. She always seemed to go after me more than you. An I thought she was supposed to like me more."
"...yeah..."
She smiled, "goodbye Dean."
"Hello, um, I'm sorry what class of mine are you in?" Sam smiled and motioned for them to sit, "I don't recognize either of you."
That seemed good enough for Sam. He stood up and brushed himself off.
"Was it something I did?"
"Morning," Sam replied, "couldn't sleep?"
This wasn't his Dean. It couldn't be. When Sam had looked into Dean's eyes, he saw a stranger looking back at him.
Dean put his burger down as he and Cas locked eyes.
"Oh my god," he mumbled as he sat down in a kitchen chair.
Sam got home just as the meatballs were done. Sam stopped in the entrance of the kitchen. Dean looked at his brother and saw a little smile tug at the corner of Sam's lips.
The subject changed and they continued talking and eating dinner. When they're done, Sam sprawled out his homework on the kitchen table while Dean washed the dishes.
"Yeah me too... I was hoping I could stay with you for a bit?"
"Move," Dean said starring at man number two.
"-then we hope the bunker lets us out."
"That seems like our best option. Why could this bone thing kill him but not an angel blade?"
The guard looked unfazed. "Under no circumstances can I let you in."
"I only have one class tomorrow, I can cancel it."
Cas couldn't help but smile to himself. He had kissed Dean last night. Right after Dean confessed first. Even if it was on accident, which was kinda funny and a very Dean thing to do. Although something was nagging at him. Last night Dean had said he needed time to figure out if he actually likes him, or just became so attached after telling Cas all his secrets. God, he hoped it was the first one. Maybe he should text Dean now. It wasn't too early. Besides he was fine with Dean responding an hour or two later when he woke up.
"I think so."
"You're a math professor, I'm sure you can figure it out," Dean gave a little smirk. This comment earned him laughs from the students and a smile from Cas.
"If it is locked, we can always try the garage."
"Ok spill, who is she?"
"Come on man, tell me."
"Yeah, classic rock is my favorite. Helps me stay calm."
He got real close to Dean's face and smiled, "You know what I love about America, Dean? The corrupt justice system. Because no matter what you do, no one will believe you."
"Don't worry about it," Dean smiled.
"Then why'd you pause like that?"
Eileen smiled and glanced at Sam, who was rolling his eyes.
Dean swallowed painfully, "Cas, how'd you get here so fast?"
"I thought the men of letters died out 60 years ago."
"Wait what?" Cas stood and turned around, "you can just turn off the shutdown?"
"Fine, just another lecture."
"I made a stirfry from last night's Chinese and some of that chicken," Sam called from the kitchen once he heard the door open. As promised, Dean brought a 6-pack and some blueberry pie.
Dean raised his eyebrows, "a hand of God? You just happen to have a hand of God with you?"
Dean took his hand and stood up, "like what? I don't want to make you go to a bar."
"Good. I'm glad you understand." He down the rest of his coffee then left. No doubt to go make up for the hour of sobriety he just had.
"What does that mean?"
He would text when he was ready. Or at least awake enough to think.
He grabbed his keys and froze. You know what? He was still responsible. He wouldn't drive. He put his keys back and grabbed his trench coat. He put his phone in his pocket and walked out the door.
"How was class?"
He approached the house and took a deep breath before knocking on the front door.
"You sure you don't want me to go with you?"
"I know! Sam listen-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's totally fine Dean. You could've told me."
"Dean I've been working on this same problem for like 10 minutes and I can't even do part a."
The two hunters slowly stepped back. "This is an angel blade and that is the demon-killing knife."
"You should've seen the look on her face, Sammy. And the guy wearing that jacket? He knew we were talking about him. When he walked by he tried to look cool and hot by-"
Dean grumbled to himself as he wiggled his way out of the car. He hugged himself as he walked through the doorway. He made for his bedroom but Benny stopped him.
"Is this when things turned sexual?"
"I'm fine," Sam sat down, "actually, this is about Dean."
"Someone like you should be using intelligence to help the world. Instead, you're selfishly throwing your life away. You've been a mechanic, what, 20 years?" he shook his head, "throwing your life away."
Once they were inside, Cas removed his hand, "we're safe now."
"I'm sorry Dean, was that not-"
"Thank you Mr. Winchester you may step down."
"Sammy, what the hell? You had your math test today!"
"If you want you can share your problems with me."
about you."
"All set," Benny patted his shoulder. Dean stood and attempted to leave. Sam stuck out his arm. He was really crying now. The brothers locked eyes for a solid minute. Dean did nothing.
"NO! No, Sammy, it was just 'cause dad-"
Dean was busy lighting his cig, but across the street, Cas was going for his morning run. He noticed Dean, but Dean's eye bags and body language told him it was not the time to reconnect. He continued his run and made a mental note to check in with Sam.
Charlie grabbed one of the shelf posts and Cas grabbed the other. They pulled out and the cabinets moved to reveal a hidden room.
It was strange. Not being drunk at a club. He was a lot more conscious of what he and what everyone else was doing. Things were good though. He wasn't having any anxiety about other people judging him. Maybe because he was with Cas. He didn't know why he felt so free around Cas. Maybe it was because he'd already cried in front of him so many times. Including today. He didn't hold back. He let loose. He had fun. Cas was sort of an awkward dancer, but no one cared. Nobody here was judging. Well almost.
"Uh yeah, 1 9 6 7, why?"
"Why didn't you tell him?"
Cas entered the dungeon with trepidation. He knew the demon wasn't there, but he wasn't sure what to expect. There were tons of files on the table. Hopefully, some of them would explain the unkillable demon, the Mark of Cain, and the First Blade.
"Pftt no way. I always beat you."
Sam sighed and started tugging on Dean's legs.
Dean shook his head and brushed past Sam.
Gina stood up and walked over to the stand. "So Dean," she began, "tell me where you were that night."
YALL THOUGHT
"-and then we got her to eat one!"
He didn't bother changing, he climbed into his bed as soon as he got there. He wrapped the covers all around him, but that didn't help the empty feeling in his chest.
"You- you didn't die," Charlie gasped.
"No! No, it wasn't you, Cas I-" Dean looked up.
"No! No, I need to see him." Dean went down the porch steps.
"Yes I-"
"You work at a garage fixing cars, and in your spare time you work in a junkyard, fixing cars."
you will always be mine
Dean smiled and looked away, "Yeah, how'd you-" his face went pale, "you're upset. It's not- it's not 'cause we're both guys I thought-"
"Well, how'd you break up with her?"
"If you were fine, you wouldn't be stealing drinks in the bathroom of a sober club."
"No, just talk."
"Different how?" Cas tilted his head.
"I told you," he grunted as he pulled the knife, "there's only one thing that can kill me."
, Dean had given him a nickname. Cas smiled then realized the silence had gone on too long. Dean was looking at him expectantly.
alarm off." Dean started to leave.
"Breathe, just breathe."
"Ok..."
Dean couldn't look up at his brother. "Did I scream?"
"See?" the man smiled.
"That's ok. You have a huge weight on your shoulder. Why don't you try something small."
"Why were you embarrassed?"
Cas looked and Dean was right. A local news station was set up to film.
He wandered towards the middle and saw Dean underneath an old car. He's on his back on a creeper seat. There was a radio nearby that was blasting classic rock. Apparently not that loud, because Dean heard someone approach him.
"You're not gonna arrest me for attacking the guy after?"
Dean turned and saw his brother, "Sam?"
Benny broke into a laugh, "she said she already knew. She saw the weed upstairs."
"There's only five of them, and with the cameras, they can't do anything."
"Look I won't be able to go back to sleep if I know you're staying up because of me. I'll be fine." Dean managed a smile, "please, Sam."
"What do you think Sam," Dean answered too quickly.
Also, why do all my Dean coming out stories end in bitch/jerk
"Heh yeah of course Cas. God this sounds so sappy. I just-" he got quiet again, "I feel like we only talk when I'm messed up..."
Sam looked at his brother's eyes. "At first, yeah. I thought it was crazy that your lawyer couldn't win you the case. I thought I could do better. Stop you from suffering like you did. But as I got older, and started actually studying law, I fell in love with it. So yeah, I started because of you, but I stayed because I liked it."
"There's other ways to have fun than drinking Dean," Cas smiled wide, "I want to show you something."
Dean started up the coffee machine and texted Sam what happened. Then he gets a text from Cas. So not what he needed right now. Cas's text was so nice and cute, but he didn't have the time. He has a quick conversation with Cas then puts his phone down. He gets out two mugs and fills them both. He doesn't add anything, they both like it black. He hands one of them to Benny.
"I saw 'Singer's auto' on the back of your jacket yesterday. Then today I went to the garage and Bobby told me you'd be here."
He started walking away.
"Yeah needed to get me some bacon."
Dean whipped his head around.
Cas gave a small smile, "you'd be surprised."
. Dean bit his lip.
The students were whispering amongst themselves, some giggles that Dean ignored.
"It's, I don't know, it's not about me anymore. I used to go back. Back to that night or the courtroom or what whatever event I don't wanna relive and all these emotions would come bubbling up and the only thing to stop it was... blocking out." Dean closed his eyes and shook his head.
"It's just... these are very strange questions. Especially considering this is the first time we've ever called."
"You're such a genius," a girl said. Then she and her friends giggled.
They did as they were told. Both were scared. It was strange seeing their dad so calm. It was because they've never really seen him this sober.
Cas smiled back, "Hello, Dean."
"Nice job, buddy!" Dean yelled back. He took a swing of his beer. Nah, he wasn't wasting his life.
"Uh hello?" A man with completely messed up hair peered through the crack.
John slapped him, "STOP CRYING BOY."
"Bad, I mean, he said he'd consider doing something for extra credit, but didn't tell me what it was or when I could do it. So not looking too good."
Sam laughed and it got quiet as they ate their dinner.
Always.
Sam nodded. Dean knew this was an obvious question so he spoke again, "sorry for waking ya."
"Here," Dean took the lighter from his back pocket and handed it to Sam. He was fully intending to keep it in case he needed to smoke some more, but he could see his brother like this.
"Ok uh come inside, don't want to disturb the neighbors."
Didn't matter. He wouldn't.
Sam's gaze shot down to Dean's bare chest.
Then it was silent.
"No..."
"Well, we only have half the story."
Cas squeezed his eyes shut. "Just go away, Dean!"
"Oh you know," Lucifer leaned in close to Dean, "attention, money... pleasure."
"Then you'll just kill us outside."
Dean's eyes widen as he realized, he did in fact say that. "Shit, sorry Cas, I didn't mean to ruin our friendship." fuck fuck fuck fuck why did he say that god he looked so pathetic right now. He bit his lip hard. What would Cas say? Probably nothing good. Yell at him because he was only helping Dean with his problems out of pity and now he would have to deal with this too. He would lose his only friend and then he'd-
Dean coughed, "I need to use the bathroom. Watch my drink." With that Dean made a b-line to the men's room.
"What happened?"
Cas straightened his back, "what's the matter?"
Sam laughs.
They were laughing so hard, neither of them could talk for a moment.
This shows more of Dean's backstory but is totally skippable if you don't feel comfortable
"No."
"Well, uh after a while, he brought me home." Dean blushed.
"Thanks, Cas. I got to go."
"Jerk."
"Bullshit."
Sam's hard gaze softened, even facing his greatest fear, Dean was concerned about one of Sam's math tests.
"Stop lying."
Benny huffed, "well I can't speak for Dean. I don't know why he said that. There was no medical emergency or anything. I was with him in the morning," Benny shook his head, "but man, that don't give you the right to say those things."
"What happened?"
"It's a nice place," Dean smiled, "thanks for bringing me here."
There are no triggering topics in this chapter. I will update tags and put warnings when triggering topics come up.
The door opened as much as the door chain allowed.
"What you're just gonna confront him?"
"No, I know
Crowley jerked his chin up. Dean reluctantly opened his eyes and soon he couldn't hold back the tears that slowly fell down his face.
"No, I'm at Eileen's place. Is everything ok?"
"God, Dean do I need to spell it out for you, are you bi?"
tw: self depricating thoughts (not sh)
"Well, a friend of mine saw him drinking in the bathroom. He said he could smell it from far away. That's how strong the alc was."
"Then what is?"
"We ask the questions," Charlie crossed her arms.
Sam nodded, now more confused than ever. Cas entered Professor Haden's office as Sam left the building. Dean had texted Sam that someone called with car trouble and he wouldn't be able to pick him up that day. Sam didn't mind, their apartment was close to the school anyways. When he got home he dropped on the couch and turned the tv on. He needed a break from math. His phone beeped, it was a message from Dean.
"The thing is I don't really want to talk about it."
"At first, when I got stuck in the past, drugs and drinking were a release and now, I don't know," Dean looked away, "it's different."
Dean pushed Sam gently, "stop it, man. I don't- I don't really know what exactly is going on between us, okay? I'll tell you about it later."
Dean reached a shaking hand out and took the rubber band. He blew out forcefully and took a deep breath. He did it again. Then, to Cas's surprise, Dean started laughing.
"What? No! It's-" Benny took a deep breath, "alright now, why do- why do you want an explanation from Dean? What did he do?"
Cas nodded, "Then I'll text him. See what I can do."
"I'm no visitor," he straightened up and crossed his arms, "now get out of my way."
"Yeah, because you suck!"
They follow Dean to the main door.
"You're necklace is a hand of God! We can use it to cure Dean and then-"
"No, but it's all good."
"Look," he showed Sam his arm, "the mark's gone."
Dean must've sensed Sam's worry through his texts because Dean replied with:
"That isn't right."
"I really don't," Dean smiled thinly.
Sam bit his lip, "yeah that's not good. Dean has a... let's just say complicated past with that phrase."
"Next, how many months are in a year?"
His dad glared at him. "I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN WORKING IN THAT BLACK MAN'S GARAGE NOW HAND IT OVER."
John glared at Sam and loosened his grip on Dean. He was gonna go after Sam. No, he couldn't let that happen. His father wasn't looking, Dean punched him across the jaw. John grunted and stumbled backward.
"Where is the First Blade?" Cas asked.
"Dean wait!"
"I'LL TEACH YOU NOT TO DISRESPECT ME."
bitch
TW: smoking/ intense desire to smoke
"Woah," Charlie lowered her gun as she stood beside Cas, "this is epic!"
"I know it's hard to relive this moment, but what did he say to you?"
"Hey, buddy, you good?" some random guy said.
Cas smiles and pulls away, "I would love that Dean."
He didn't realize it, but he started to sing to the Van Halen song blasting on the radio. Bobby watched Dean and smiled, he hadn't sung in a long time.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course you can talk to me. If you don't want to talk in person that's fine, I won't track you down, but please tell me where you are Dean. I just want to make sure you're safe."
Sam was so proud of him. So proud of his big brother. He looked up to him. Dean had raised him. He was his role model for everything. And Sam was so, so proud of Dean.
"What are you doing?" A low gravelly voice said from his left.
"You're not going to kill us?" Charlie asked.
"Cas I need you to," Dean looked down, "I need you to take me in there, ok? Don't let me stop. Don't let me turn around."
Dean looked down at his feet, "it wasn't like I don't trust you, I do. I just, I don't know... you had that math test and I knew you would miss it for me and I didn't want you to fail because I couldn't handle my problems."
"Take care of yourself, Charlie."
"I just wanted to talk to you."
to cure my brother. So who are you?"
Sorry short chapter and cliffhanger but this was the best cut off point
"Yeah," Dean scooched up and peered over Charlie's shoulder.
"Professor are you- are you drunk?"
Sam and Dean arrive home from school. They throw down their backpacks then stop. Their dad is home. Completely sober. He's supposed to be at work.
"Well, the class and I need your help."
Cas continued, "easier than dealing with the memories. The feelings."
"I'm good in here," Dean replied.
"Wait Cas," he smiled, "you like me back?"
"Hey Sam. This is Lee Webb. Yeah, no. Well, he's not injured. Crowley's place. Yeah."
Cas narrows his eyes, "You expect us to just give you the blade and you'll just let us live."
"Cas?" Dean finally opens his eyes.
"Well that's good to hear," Garth smiled at Dean, "did something happen to make you wanna smoke again?"
Cas nodded, "these books are all lore and these files are cases that the Men of Letters worked. They cataloged everything."
"Have you reached a verdict?" The judge asked
"Technically no, there's no alcohol. They do serve mocktinis but they also serve a bunch of other drinks. Soda, water, you name it."
You are sober. Two months. At least with drugs. Sammy'll kill me. He'd understand why though.
Dean talked about how he's always been into cars. Vintage ones especially. Cas told Dean about always wanting to help people and after getting a math degree, teaching was the most obvious option to him. This inevitably led to why Cas was fired from his last teaching position.
"Dad, stop! It's my fault," Sam stood in the doorway.
Ok updates will be on Mondays/Thursdays, just so they're more evenly spread out. I can't wait to share the next few chapters! I'd love to hear what you think!
When Sam put his phone down he remembered what Professor Novak had said. First, how did he even know about Dean? I mean yeah Sam had mentioned him, but he also asked Sam to apologize for him. He definitely needed to confront Dean about this.
"What was that?"
Cas kissed him. Dean stepped back in surprise.
"Cas!" Charlie screamed, "what's happening? I thought he was human?"
Dean smiled, "it's my blade. Yes, it's the only thing that can kill me, but I'm the only one who can use it."
"Alright," Dean sat down next to Sam, "So every day Billy gets 75 cents from his mom, every 5 days his dad gives him $8, and every month his grandma gives him $25.50. How much money will Billy have after a year? Do you know where to start?"
"Yeah it defiantly is," she laughed.
"I assume now he was waiting for you on the bench right across from the board. I was going to Professor Haden's office when I saw him writing on the board. He was wearing his mechanic clothes, so I assumed he was graffitiing. I told him to stop, he told me to fuck off and he left the building. When I looked at the board, Dean had solved it. Proof and everything."
nothing explicit
"Oh?" the demon looked down. He put his hand on his heart and looked at Charlie with mocked thankfulness, "thanks for reminding me."
His logical brain argued.
Someone held Dean's shoulder and stopped him from turning back around.
Cas squinted his eyes, "You never went to college?"
Cas nodded. He was wearing his normal teaching clothes and a trench coat. They weren't the fanciest but he figured it was fine for just sitting in court.
"I'll be fine, Sam. Go back to bed."
"Bobby."
"Well, you practically forced me to."
Cas tilted his head as he and Dean locked eyes.
"Like topology and differential equations."
They sat down and began eating.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ceaser and Dean start talking about different motors and Cas can't follow. He looks over Dean's shoulder and sees a familiar face. It's Ao3 user RavenWingSeraph. She waves for him to come over so he excuses himself from the group.
"Quit it Sam, it was his idea. This place, it was- how do I describe it- it was a sober bar. No bar, really. Like there was no alcohol at all."
Crowley chuckled. Dean was hyperventilating, he looked up at Crowley through his tears.
"Yes, your brother's mind is quite unique. I was curious, and I felt bad for judging him so harshly. So I went to Singer's auto the next day. He wasn't there but an old man-"
He went to Charlie and told her everything.
Dean looked down, "well you shouldn't be proud of me for that. I'm like you, I've stopped the real heavy stuff after... after a time, but when I do have problems I don't want to come here. I'm only here 'cause Sam wants me to be. I don't really think these things work."
"And what was it."
Sam Winchester.
"I'll deal with him, just give me-"
Dean was breathing shallowly, "I mean yes but-"
"And that's when you ran in and punched the defendant."
"The play Twelfth Night by Shakespeare."
"No, please please please. Please, no, please. Please no... no."
Cas could see the confusion on Benny's face. His confidence subsided, but he was still angry. He couldn't be wrong.
The woman came and stood beside the man in the doorway, "Is this place really locked down until you die?"
"Well, congrats Dean you made your first friend."
Cas nodded, allowing Sam to continue.
Cas's eye widened "Did I say that out loud?"
Sam gave Dean a face and Dean sighed.
"No personal calls during work," Bobby jokes.
That phrase just kept repeating itself over and over in his head. So he stayed. He stood still. He didn't let his voice waver. Didn't let his body show how fucked up his mind felt.
"How'd things go with the math professor?"
"I don't- I don't know!"
Dean frowned, "well I told him he could stay the night."
Dean obliged, "so why am I here?"
They sit and Charlie talks, "Actually sir, uh, we're hunters."
Cas's face dropped, "Was it because we're both guys?"
"You were unconscious, demon," Cas spat.
Dean shook his head and smile, "look man, just forget about it ok? I won't do it again."
"So, like any concerned person, you ran towards the scream to see what was wrong."
whore
"Sorry Dean," Benny, the bartender at Dean's favorite bar replied, "there was a mix up, we thought we ordered more but we didn't. We have some coming in noon tomorrow."
"Let's calm down now guys," Garth tried.
Then there's a hand against his face. It held him up for a second then gave him a little slap.
"What?"
"Something come between you and that little boy toy of yours?"
People who started reading for the smart!Dean tag: what happened to the original plot of the movie
"Naw, not right now," Dean said much to Sam's surprise.
"We worked together and I guess we did get close. I thought we were just friends but she thought we were dating and just taking things slow."
They walked around the building side by side. When the entrance came into view, Dean stuck his arm out in front of Cas. They stopped. There was a group of five men in front of the court. They had two signs saying 'free Carl Thompson'
"You just said you're struggling."
Dean thought back to what Cas said. That he was wasting his life.
"Thanks brother," Benny pocketed the phone. Lee nodded and left.
He ran his hands through his hair and whipped tears from his face. He tucked his knees into his chest and wrapped his arms around himself.
"Get out of our way," Cas said in a firm voice.
"Well, I would ask if you'd wanna grab some beers, but... maybe you wanna grab a bite to eat?"
"Stop!" Charlie demanded.
pie a fruit."
"Yes, that's not the problem. You see, for some reason. My students are confused and not understanding the way I'm teaching it. I was hoping you could give us a fresh perspective."
"Cas," Charlie whispered, "get over here."
"Dean is obsessed with pie," Sam explains.
"Let me help you Cas, you're drunk. Tell me what made you so upset."
"You know what, I do, Professor."
Charlie smiled, "definitely."
And it was all his fault.
Sometimes Dean got like this after he and dad fought. But he seemed really upset this time. But that was the thing. What was he feeling? He wasn't sad. He wasn't crying. Sam hopped a good night's sleep would help his brother. It always helped Sam.
"Yes I am, but I don't believe you've ever been my student."
"Don't be like that brother, come on."
Dean finally took his hands and eyes off Cas and looked at Charlie, "no his can count for both of you uh..."
But he's not angry, instead, he scratched his head.
"Whoever I am?"
Dean's only five minutes late, but he knows Sam's going to complain. The hostess lets him in and gestures to the left. Dean follows his hand and sees Sam. He's sitting next to a girl. He walked over with a smile on his face.
It would be okay. Dean seemed to be in a good place mentally. Despite the negative circumstances, he was happy reconnecting with Benny. Dean could help Castiel. Everything would be alright.
Cas pulled up to a big stack of crushed cars. There were many more like it all around. From what he could see on the outside, there was a pocket of space in the middle, almost like a circle.  That's where Dean must be.
Cas noticed and stayed quiet. He knew Dean had something important he wanted to say and he wasn't going to rush him. Cas couldn't help the smile that crept on his face when he noticed that this rubber band was in fact the one Cas had given him on the day of the trial. Dean had kept it this whole time.
But Dean didn't get better.
"BULL SHIT."
"Sure, Sammy. Of course."
"It's ok, Dean. I'm safe. You're safe. It was just a Dream."
"Oh my god, Benny, I'm so sorry."
"Well Dean lived here so if it comes to that, hopefully, he can help us once he's cured."
Hi everyone! Sorry for disappearing for like 80 days (again) but you know, life. and once I took a break it was harder to get back into it. I also rewrote this chapter because it's an important one. I don't know when the next update is going to be because I have summer work and I'm going to try and apply ED to college so I have that essay to write still but I promise I won't abandon this. It may take forever, but I will finish this fic!
"I'm trying to learn asl," Sam answered.
"Best to be prepared," Dean smiled to cover how nervous he felt.
"Yes, and I love my brother and everything he did for me, but I just never. I don't know, I never thought he was smart enough or cared enough to go to college, but," Sam shook his head.
"I-uh. It's gone..."
TW: attempted sexual assault, doesn't go more than a kiss, foul language relating to sexual assault
"And to you, this looked non-consensual?"
"Dean I can smell it. You were smoking."
"No, he's been clean for the past few weeks, but he's been acting different right? That's why you called?"
"Fine, did something happen between you and Castiel?"
She pulled away from the hug and wiped her eyes. Then she saw Dean's bloody nose.
"Whore."
"I won't Bobby."
"Yeah," Dean glared at his brother, "thanks for the heads up."
Dean didn't know what to say.
"Please... my king," he added knowing that would turn Crowley on, "I'll do anything."
"God, I knew he was messed up last night, but damn if you didn't... thank you, professor."
"I just wanted something to fidget with and a rubber band is the most inconspicuous thing so."
"Whatever, who cares?" the smile dropped from his face as he took another puff.
He managed to walk himself to his bedroom before the crying took over. He fell into his bed as his breathing became rigged. He couldn't lose Dean. Maybe this time there was no physical threat of death, but there were other ways Sam could lose him.
"Well,"  he jammed his finger against Sam's chest a couple of times, "maybe you should ask him. Goodbye Sam."
The girl looked up at him, her voice sounded weird to Dean. "It's nice to meet you Dean. I'm deaf." She sighed deaf as she spoke.
The cop gestured for Dean to follow her and she lead him to another room where Catherine was sitting. When she heard the door open, she stood up.
"Oh," Sam bit his fingernail and mumbled, "Then how'd he get drinking again?"
"I was leaving the bar...
"I don't wanna go home."
"SCHOOL SUPPLIES! YOU DUMBASS WE NEED THAT FOR FOOD>"
The stress dropped from Sam's shoulders, "thank you."
Of course, he could.
Dean sprung up in his bed. He wanted to scream but he couldn't breathe. He shook back and forth on his bed. He tried to calm down. He grabbed wildly at his blankets. He didn't have the strength to sit up. He rolled to his sides and let his elbows prop him up. His whole body was tense. His hands in fists, his nails drawing blood from his skin. His eyes clenched shut. His head resting on the bed. His legs were tingling and so were his lips. He tried to purse them to make breathing easier, but he couldn't. He trembled on his bed in the darkness. He realized he was crying. There was ringing in his ears so he couldn't hear, but he could assume he was sobbing. He got his right hand to relax enough to move it to his mouth. He held his lips out to try and steady his breathing. He exhaled forcefully a couple of times. Then he tried to breathe in and out for the same amount of time. He counted the seconds. Then he counted his breaths. He relaxed his shoulders and lied down on his back normally. He focused on his breathing for the next couple of minutes. Thank god he didn't wake Sam. Wait, Sam was at Eileen's. Even better.
"No, he didn't tell you?"
"Dean, wait-"
"Yes Dean, I'm here. You're safe."
Dean nodded a couple of times, "huh." He swirled some spaghetti around his fork.
"I won't let him, please."
"How was your class?"
"Naw he's been at Eillen's place since lunch."
"Dean?" Sam pulled away and looked up at Dean's face. It was strange. Dean didn't look happy or sad. He just looked... blank.
"Yes. If he sees me he'll- he'll probably go straight to attacking."
Faster than he thought, the bottle was gone. He frowned. He needed more.
They dance well into the am. Cas is still having fun and Dean is too, but Cas is a professor, he needed sleep.
Dean just nodded.
Then dinner was quiet. Sam wanted to talk to Dean about Cas right away, but he couldn't bring it up with Benny around.
"No, I'm not obsessed I mean," Dean coughed as Sam raised his eyebrows at him, "ok fine at least pie is good for you."
"If it weren't for the flashbacks, I wouldn't believe me either. That's why I have to go to court. Put that son of a bitch in jail. I won't let what happened to me happen to Catherine."
Dean was waiting outside. He was pacing back and forth on the porch. He had managed to keep his anxiety down around Sam, but that was probably because Sam was too preoccupied with his own anxiety about his test to notice. When Sam left, he changed into a tux. As the time crept closer Dean couldn't sit still. He connected his AirPods to his phone and put his rock playlist on shuffle. Finally, Cas pulls up in his blue crv. Dean got in the passenger seat and put his AirPods back in their case.
"We've killed demons before."
I was trying to finish the entire Dean/Sam convo for this update but I ran out of time
Soon, he was in front of Cas's office door. He knocks but there was no response. He texts Cas.
He smiled at her and spoke softly, "of course."
"Take notes?"
"We the jury find the defendant, Carl Thompson, guilty of all charges."
"Wait so how long have you been together?"
When they got out the front door Dean stopped walking. Cas came up beside him and saw what was going on. Apparently, Carl's friends were really riled because more news stations were broadcasting in front of the courthouse.
Dean stared at Cas's face. Cas's sympathetic non-judgemental relatable face and gave in.
They both sang "It's my liiiiiiife! It's now or never! Cause I ain't gonna live forever! I just want to live while I'm alive... My heart is like an open highway! Like Frankie said, 'I did it my way!' I just want to live while I'm alive! 'Cause it's! My! Life!"
"What happened?"
"What? How?"
"Yeah," Dean answered mixing the red sauce into the spaghetti. Sam cracked the beers open and sat down as Dean dumped the food onto both of their plates.
Dean's breathing sped up, "no Crowley, you can't."
Dean nodded, keeping his eyes closed. Cas loosened up on Dean's hand but before he could pull away, Dean squeezed tighter. So Cas stayed as he was. Holding Dean's hand.
"Dean? I mean, I don't know if he could."
"Sam Winchester is your brother's name right?"
The hunters stared in shock as a shining purple glowing chain appeared around Dean.
There are no triggering topics in this chapter
Dean rolled his eyes, "it's not gonna work. My brother tried that already."
whore
The man just stared at him.
Dean closed his eyes and wrung his hands together, "well I left the bar and I heard screaming, I ran and saw the man pinning the girl against the wall. Nothing had happened yet but he was trying to take her clothes off. Then I punched him and she ran off."
He twisted the knob slowly, careful not to make a sound. He peered in but saw no one. He quietly scampered inside. He pressed his back against the wall and steadied his beating heart. He heard a cough from the kitchen. He peeked around the wall into the living room but saw no one. He carefully made his way through the living room and had his back against the wall that leads to the kitchen. He took one last quiet breath, then went through the doorframe knife ready. The man in their hastily stood and reached for his own knife in his back pocket. Dean pulled back then froze.
Benny paused.
Sam knew what Dean was saying, but in order to help his brother, he needed to know how messed up he felt. In order to know that he needed the truth, "what happened between the guy and you?"
Sam has a huge smile on his face, "Thanks, Dean, that means a lot." They didn't say anything else but they were both thinking of John and if he would've approved of Eileen. Sam decided that he didn't care. Dean was his family. That reminded him of something.
"Yeah, everyone is pretty good at sticking to the rules. The group mentality is to keep everyone sober."
"SON OF A BITCH!" John throws a punch that Dean manages to sidestep. But his father is ready this time. He grabs a hold of Dean's shoulder. Dean yelped in pain.
Cas smiled, "I would like that."
Cas stopped walking and looked at Sam. He squinted for a moment, "I guess he hasn't talked to you since last night."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sam?" Cas asked, "what's wrong?"
"Charlie. What exactly are we looking for?"
"No way!" Dean raised his eyebrows, "you serious?"
"Someone like me?!" Dean was getting angry, he couldn't help it.
. He needed to go do something or he might start crying again. He wanted to get wasted. He really shouldn't get wasted. Dinking would be so nice right now. He was sober. A lotta good that was doing him at the moment. He was an alcoholic though. He went back and forth in his head. Feeling like shit the entire time.
"Well I uh."
There are no triggering topics in this chapter
"Wha-"
"Yup."
"Yeah, 'course not..."
"That's gotta be illegal or something," Dean mumbled.
"Yes, your honor. Now Dean how the when new the to we go?"
"Sam I haven't been in like a year."
"Did I make it hard to -"
The demon looked up to her and tilted his head, "you guys aren't men of letters."
"And how am I supposed to believe you, huh? You could be lying. For all I know you've been smoking in private for the last two months!"
"Yeah, I'm sure. This is personal."
"He told me what really happened."
She nodded, almost crying. Then they hugged again.
"Well," Cas was just standing there awkwardly, "I was... curious. That was an extremely difficult problem and you solved it in only a couple of minutes. I guess I just want to know more about you, where'd you go to school?"
"A 327 four-barrel with 275 horsepower?"
"Is Carl Thompson the man who-"
He thought about confronting Dean as he made his way back to the three guys. Dean's head flies back in laughter as Jesse tells a joke. No, he wouldn't bring it up. Not in public anyway. Surprisingly, the conversation is no longer about cars. Dean is getting along great with Jesse and Ceaser. They talk for a while longer, then they all head to the dancefloor. The music is blasting but it's awesome. Jesse and Ceaser pair up and dance against each other for a couple songs, but thankfully things don't seem awkward between him and Dean. Cas can't remember the last time he'd had this much fun. He was living in the music and letting loose. Dean was too, which made Cas smile. Cas dances with his eyes closed, but when he opens them, Dean is staring at him.
Dean notices the work on the board for the first time. It's a long differential equation.
"He's never mentioned you before, what are you doing here?"
Cas pulled out an angel blade and Charlie pulled out the demon knife.
"It was one time!" Bobby complained.
"No, please, no." Dean kept muttering to himself. He couldn't breathe. Couldn't see. Couldn't fight back.
The hunters ran to the front door but found it was locked up tight.
"That spell is fake. Hands of God don't exist!"
"Sammy I'm sorry." Dean slammed his head back. "Sam! I'm sorry! I'm so so sorry. Sammy!"
, Dean thought, but he spoke without hesitation, "I do."
and closed his eyes.
"Apples are a fruit."
"Well, you've to court before. For rape. Isn't that correct?"
"Yeah, I'm here Dean. It was just a dream." They were in his room.
He looked around and got his barrings. He was feeling better but was tired. He was ready to go back home.
"So how'd you two find the bunker?" Dean asked.
wrong me. He slept with-"
"Then we kill him with it. I'll distract him when he comes back and you jump him from behind."
"Me too. Glad we have a happy memory together now."
The bouncer knew him and opened the door for him. It was still relatively early, so the place was quiet by club standards. There was still music and a couple groups of people huddled around.
"Hey Bobby," Sam said answering his phone.
The ride back to the school parking lot was silent. The bad kind of silent. Dean's face was stone cold expressionless.
You're welcome ;)
"I had a bad dream and couldn't fall back asleep. I'm fine. Now why are you awake and- what are you wearing?"
And when Dean got back into his car, his hands weren't shaking that much. He felt ok.
"Do you remember the result of that case?"
"Come on, Dean."
"Yeah, I went there once to drop something off," he turned around and stopped to look at Sam. Sam stopped too, only a few feet away.
"No, my parents died when I was a baby. I was raised by my grandma. I have cousins, but they're all really young. So what do you do for a living Dean?"
Dean clenched his fists. There was a ringing in his ears.
"Sammy?" He was older now.
"Sam please I- I was sober ok. But now I'm done, so you don't have to worry."
Dean glanced over at Cas and realized the man was staring at him. "I don't want to dump my shit on you, Cas."
Sam frowned. Logically, he knew Dean didn't need money or his help, but he wanted to be there for Dean. Although it didn't seem like Castiel's problems were about their relationship. Dean would be fine. He'd just have to keep telling himself that.
Sam groaned, "Eileen no, now he won't shut up about it!"
"If the witness lied in a past case how do we know he's not lying again."
When they get to the car, Charlie drives instead of Cas. Dean announces he's going to get some shut-eye in the back seat and they set off. Cas looks up Sam of the university website. It says he has open office hours from 7-9 pm. Which is perfect because they should get there around 8:45.
"Alright fine. Of course. Do you have your phone?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You can ask the bartender Benny, I didn't order anything."
"Thanks, Dean, but I'm good."
Dean left the station and shivered. He didn't really know where he was going, but he started walking. It was colder out now and he didn't have any alcohol to warm him up. He didn't feel like drinking anyways. That wasn't true. He wanted to drink. A lot. But he couldn't. If he started heavy drinking he knew Sam would cut him off and he didn't want that either.
"Sam it's the truth," Cas tried
"W-what?"
"Good to see you, Garth," Dean reluctantly opened his arms and Garth hugged him tightly.
"Morning," Dean said going to the fridge for something to drink.
"Maybe he didn't have a real hand of God," Charlie suggests as she stirs the ingredients of the spell.
"You don't remember? What's the last thing you remember?"
"Yes. Sam told me that you were drunk and I was worried."
Dean walked into the living room, "Yes, dad?"
tw: panic attack
TW: drug use, not explicit, overdose, blackout
"Now that you know he could've gone to college, you're afraid you robbed him of the opportunity."
"What is it?"
"Dude I was calling your name but you didn't hear me," he laughed and took his earbuds out.
"Well, you tell me, Sam. Dean's not on drugs again is he?"
Dean glared at him, "really Crowley? If it's so safe then why are you lying?"
"Dean," Sam signed back, using the sign name Eileen had given him.
"And?" Sam couldn't help but smile at his big brother being all flustered.
Sam chuckled as he ran off.
"Really?!" Cas was shocked at his own excitement.
Curiosity got the best of Cas and he looked up Singer's auto. It was a local auto shop. He looked up the hours and also found a picture of the mystery man. His arms were around an old grump. Unlike today he could really see the man's face. His defining jawline. His full lips. His eyes.
Dean waved a hand in the air, "nuthin."
In an instant, there were two people grabbing at his arms.
"Yeah, she had to take an early class because she switched majors," Sam tilted his head, "Is there someone in the house that I should know about?"
"You guys are hunters. Don't you have morals? You wouldn't torture an innocent human."
Cas stormed away. Somehow his anger fueled him and made him more alert. He walked himself back home and crawled into bed.
"Right back atcha," she smiled and left.
"You know Dean, I don't even like alcohol."
"I've eaten, but some coffee would be great. Thank you."
"Are you ok? Oh my god did he-"
"Dean-"
Sam opened the door and smiled.
He turned around and started walking back the way he came. When he got home, he noticed a motorcycle parked in front of his car. That was definitely weird because no one on their street owned a motorcycle. He heard a noise come from inside and narrowed his eyes. His lower back started tingling as adrenaline began coursing through his veins. He pulled out his pocket knife and slowly approached the door. He'd been in such a hurry to get out of the house this morning that he didn't lock it.
Sam furrows his eyebrows, "what are you here for then?"
"I heard a scream."
"Objection! Leading the witness," the defense attorney, Lucifer exclaimed.
"Can you give me a lift home?" Dean asked standing up and offering out a hand.
"What? Come on I-"
It's been a couple of days since Dean first started helping Sam with his homework. He had no idea how Dean knew all about analytical geometry, but he wasn't going to question it. Maybe Dean did just understand the shapes of it all. That's how he always tried to explain his obsession with cars. When Sam got stuck on a problem, he would ask Dean for help. Dean would take less than a minute until he completely understood. And Dean could explain it all to Sam, way more clearly than Professor Haden ever could. Slowly, he was starting to do better in class. The one problem he had was with Professor Novak, how did he know Dean could do this math?
"Please raise your right hand. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?" The bailiff asked.
"I said, you claimed to be sober when this supposedly happened?"
Dean nodded.
Judge Michael paused for a second and nodded, "overruled. Witness will answer the question."
The demon put his hand half up, "what you aren't gonna run? Not gonna get out of the way?"
Winchester.
"I need-" Dean was starting to hyperventilate, "I need, Cas." Dean reached his hand over towards Cas while the other garbed aimlessly at his chest.
"That's not what I meant."
"What'd she say?"
"You wanna take a shower?" Sam asked, "you're covered in dust and gravel."
"Well, they need a hand of God."
"Yes. Because I am your friend right?"
"No Charlie wait!" Cas put his arm out to stop her, "it's a demon. Look there's a devil's trap."
Why had Cas gotten his hopes up? Cas was just some math professor. Why would Dean actually like him? Cas ran faster to try and get rid of his thoughts. His breath became ridged. He couldn't tell if it was because he was crying or because he was sprinting.
"BECAUSE I KNOW I RAISED YOU BETTER THAN THAT DEAN WINCHESTER."
Dean scoffed, "for what?"
The next few days Dean tries to do better. To feel better. He shows up for work, even finishes fixing up a vintage car ahead of schedule. But it takes so much energy to do things. Much more energy than they should. Cas said it would be better in time. How much time? No really how much time? He'd kinda left Cas on a bad note, but Dean didn't like the way the conversation was going. He wasn't ready for that yet. Cas hasn't reached out to him yet either so he might be upset at him. Dean should apologize. He needed to apologize. He texts Cas.
He'd stay at his house. No one would see.
Sam crossed his arms, "well you tell me,"
Cas gave his best summary while trying to protect Dean's privacy. He started with their talk at Garth's and ended with their talk at the junkyard.
Charlie sat down on the other side of Dean, "we're going to help you, Dean. It's ok."
Dean tried to pay attention, but everyone's story blended together. He didn't really see the point in listening to other people's struggles.
"Come here pretty boy," Dean beckoned with a finger.
"He's threatened my business, Dean. Said he'll take me down if I ever sold to you again."
"ATTA BOY DON'T LET THIS JACKET GUY STEAL YOUR GIRL ALRIGHT."
." The voice sounded far away. Where was he? He felt a hand on his back. It was rubbing small circles. He was leaning over. The hand was on his back. He was crying.
"Dean breathe," Cas put his hand on his shoulder, "just breathe."
"I suppose it's easier, at least seems easier," Cas sighed, "than dealing with the past."
"Sam. Room. Now!" Dean said keeping his eyes on his father.
"Yes, of course," Sam stood up and opened the door.
"No."
TW: panic attacks, flashbacks, references to past r/pe, slight child abuse
"I don't know, I'll probably be really out of it tomorrow."
"What? No way."
"Yes," Charlie answered.
"I- so he knocked on my door. I told him to go away. I think I was still a little drunk... um then he didn't leave so I told him... he disgusted me, he was selfish, I called him a scared little boy. I told him he was wasting his life and then-" Cas became quiet in shame "then I called him a whore."
He downed three Advil and made his way back to his bed. He had a pounding headache that was not going away. He would go get some more to drink, except he was too tired to go anywhere. The part of his mind that was sober told him that he wouldn't be able to drive anyways. He was cranky and couldn't wait for the unconsciousness of sleep to take him over.
"Takin' a nap."
Dean was driving to work in his baby. He was tired and in a groggy mood. He stopped at a stoplight and glanced to his right. Sitting on the bus stop bench was Crowley. He had a nasty cut on his cheek and a black eye to go with it. Dean smiled at Crowley's bruised face. He didn't know why, but he had a strange suspicion that Ao3 user Winter_Wolf101 was the one that punched him. Crowley was downright miserable. Dean turned on the radio. It was one of Dean's favorite Dennis DeYoung songs. He turned the volume up and started singing along. He was happy for the rest of his drive and even happier when Bobby let him play his music at work.
"Hey Dean, do you have any plans tonight."
"Perfect," he smiled placing his groceries on the table, "let me get cleaned up."
I'll always be free
"Well, I'll compromise."
"It says he's a history professor here in Kansas."
"Slow down Benny, how? I mean how will you even find him?"
Cas walked backwards to his car, "Goodnight Dean."
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas. He was staring at the table, lost in memories.
Dean wanted to throw up. To cower. To get himself away from the gaze of this demon of a man.
When Sam walked into the kitchen, both Dean and Benny were coming something for dinner.
Charlie began chanting the spell. They could see the effect it was having on Dean. It started with minor face twitches and painful grunts but it soon turned into agonizing screams. When the spell was done, there was a blinding black light. Dean stumbled back and slumped against the wall. The purple chains disappeared. Cas took his angel blade out. Dean stayed on the ground holding his head.
"Look Dean, before anything happens, you're totally allowed to whatever feelings you have. I know you probably won't believe me, but I do mean this. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're sober." She turned to Cas, "see you around." With that, Meg walked away.
"Having difficulties?" the man asked.
"San wants me to talk about it, but I don't know what to say. I don't know what's wrong."
He goes to punch Dean, but he's drunk so he's slow. Dean ducks and backs away.
Dean lightly hits Cas's arm, "Is that a bar?"
The First Blade is the only thing that can kill them. So Dean got the mark and the blade in order to kill Abadon. But the Mark isn't just a mark, it made Dean act aggressively. Then Dean died. At the hands of an Angel.
"Cas, the jury they- we lost the case," he took a deep breath in, "they didn't believe me." Dean locked eyes with Cas, "no one believed me."
"What?"
grateful, besides, do you have any other option."
"Thanks, " Dean took them and cleaned off his knuckles and nose as best he could but the bleeding didn't fully stop.
Sam gapped at his brother. He quickly took the book and read the problem. He looked up at Dean, then at the problem again.
"Yeah, I'm good. On my way home now."
"Well, it's a long story, I don't really want to go into detail, but I have to go to court tomorrow. I'm not in trouble I'm just," he took a shaky breath, "I'm testifying on a case."
"Yes, your honor." The rest of the jury says.
Sam pocketed the cigarette box and sat down next to Dean. Something had happened to him to make him act this way, but he knew his brother wouldn't talk about it. Sam needed to get Dean to think about something else, at least until he finished smoking, then they would have to talk about it.
whore
They wandered through the various hallways. Finding other smaller libraries, storage rooms, or what appear to be living quarters that had long been abandoned.
Dean opened his eyes and stared at the cop.
"Any reason that came up?" Sam said concern showing on his face.
Dean glared at Sam for a moment the dropped his gaze and handed the rest of the box over to Sam. He hated when he acted like this. How Sam had to take care of him.
Dean shrugged, "I just been thinking about how much Al-" he sighed, "how much he's affective my life. He's not even in jail. He's gone on living his life and I'm... I'm still not over it. And that's bull shit. I just want to move on, man."
Cas stood and offered a hand to Dean. He took it as Cas spoke, "we need to make sure the bunker door is unlocked."
He knew exactly how. He had such little resolve left to argue. In fact, he was subconsciously walking in that direction anyway. Towards a place he didn't want to go. To do something he swore he wouldn't do again.
"You are under oath, Mr. Winchester."
"Likewise," Ceaser smiled, "Castiel tells us you fix up vintage cars?"
Sam hung up the phone and shakily ran his hands across his face and hair. Eileen walked into the room and set a bowl of chips on the table. When she saw Sam, she sat down next to him and hugged him.
He couldn't breathe. All he could do was suck in air. He needed to breathe out. He forced his fists to unclench.
He was on campus, but he didn't know where he was. He was lost. What building was this? He turned around aimlessly in circles. Trying to get his bearings. The spinning made things worse.
, Dean thought. His eyes wandered around the hallway, but they always made their way back to the whiteboard in front of him. There was a challenge problem on it and a set of markers daring someone to come solve it. Eventually, Dean couldn't pull his eyes away. He crunched some numbers in his head, doing the best he could without writing anything down. Finally, his interest was too much. He stood up and started solving the equation. After a couple of minutes he had it all solved out including a small proof. He stepped back and smiled to himself.
tw: homophobia (no slurs)
also I hope the rubberband thing makes sense, it's something I use all the time
"It was a spell. As long as there was a demon, as long as I was in here, the door would stay locked. The spell activated the lockdown when I left the dungeon. My brother was always smart, he had another spell that bound me when I came in contact with the First Blade."
Although it was a phone call, Dean could feel Sam's smile, "yeah, there's someone I want you to meet."
"Woah, strike number one girl," Dean pretended to be mad, "I'll take a slice of apple pie and get these two crazy kids one milkshake with two straws." The waiter nodded and left.
He slowly opened his eyes and saw three guys in front of him. Sam looked like he wanted to cry as he desperately clung on to Dean's shoulders.
He knew he was being childish and probably overly difficult. There was no real reason, he wasn't mad at Sam or Benny. He just didn't care enough to get up. He wanted to lay down and never get up again.
I will update tags and put warnings when triggering topics come up.
"Yeah."
"Is Sam here?"
Dean was still wearing his dirty work clothes but quickly changed into some random shirt and pants while Sam made Dean and himself a plate.
