“Mm we’ll see.” Mycroft nuzzles him.
He moans quietly as he swallows everything eagerly.
She blushes and nuzzles him back.
He blushes and nods, going off to find someone.
“We’ll get Uncle Mycroft to buy you some new toys, hm?”
"Okay." She nods and follows him up, unwrapping her hands.
He groans softly and rocks against him. “Yes. Love it.”
Sky whimpers. “It’s up to you, Sir.”
Gauze? There is plenty in my kit. JW
Mycroft frowns a bit. "Everything alright?"
Greg whimpers and holds onto Sherlock with trembling hands.
“Good girl.” Ms. Cheyenne kisses Riley’s neck.
He lays him down on the bed and strips him slowly.
Sherlock whimpers, rocking his hips back against him.
He smiles and kisses his head gently.
He smiles shyly.
Turk chuckles softly as he leads him back to Fitz’s room.
He's about to say goodbye when he has a thought.
Mycroft blushes and keeps his mouth open, putting his tongue out a bit for Michael.
He whimpers and kisses him again. "I love you.."
"No one can get to her here. No one gets within five blocks without me knowing it."
Michael snuggles between Jean and Jake.
He moans loudly as John fills him.
Sherlock moves to put his cock in front of Sky’s mouth, stroking himself. Eli smirks and pushes into her cunt easily, snapping his hips a few times.
"Mm, Collin, I think it's your go."
Sky pulls back a bit and looks down at Peter, he’s still suckling happily and holding onto her breasts possessively in his sleep. “Mm I don’t think you’re going to be getting access to those any time soon.” She giggle.
Greg gasps. "Plenty." Greg can't help but make small hip thrusts into empty air.
Mycroft smiles and leans against the door frame.
Greg holds him close and kisses him back deeply, pouring all his love and affection into it.
He smirks and pulls back, only to push back down her throat.
She kisses him hard and holds his hips, pushing into him.
"I want it however you want to give it to me." Carol mewls, getting wetter around him.
Zack groans and comes hard into Pete as he clenches around him.
“I love you too.”
He gasps and moans loudly, arching his back. “Oh my fucking god.”
He straddles him and kisses him deeply.
Sherlock smiles softly and sits with her.
He blushes brighter and smiles, taking his phone.
“Easy, darling.” Sky kisses along his jaw, legs still wrapped around him to keep him inside her.
He blushes and covers his face.
Pete blushes brightly, not used to seeing this much activity so openly.
Michael stifles a giggle. 'That does help.'
He smirks. ‘Think you can hold off giving birth for a few more hours?’
“I may have gone a little overboard with her room.” Sherlock blushes.
Sabine stepped back demurely, allowing Molly to greet her friend... A devilishly gorgeous woman, if Sabine said so herself. Even... Erotic in a way.
‘Oh yes! Fuck me, Master. Pound my tight needy pussy.’ She begs.
He nuzzles him back and smiles.
He hums softly and presses closer to Sherlock. "Mm. It's for me.."
She holds out her hand to him wanting to feel him close.
Sherlock groans and bucks up against him as he comes hard.
He blushes and mewls, appreciating the gentle treatment. "Mm.. thank you, sir.."
"It really is to bad.." She sighs. "I am happy though that I could figured out John's problem even with all the idiots underfoot." She smiles.
Sky moans loudly, taking him deep.
He watches in awe.
He yawns a bit. "Mm.."
Nina grins happily and helps saddle the horse.
He smirks and rolls the over so she’s under him. He holds her hips tight and starts to pound her cunt. “Mine.” He growls, cock throbbing inside her.
“Mm okay.” He pulls out of him slowly. “Plug?”
Michael frowns as he stands. "I think you should calm down."
He smirks and starts to thrust into her.
"You're so handsome."
"Hi." Jake smiles and kisses his cheek.
“I liked the mystery of figuring out who the real father was.” Sherlock snorts.
He crumbles into a sobbing mess as she hugs him. "Please.."
Crystal moans. “Oh fuck. Greg.” She whines. “Please. Please. I want everything. Give me everything.” She begs.
Sherlock puts it back. He gets plates and forks.
Sherlock whimpers and holds his hair.
"Coming." Sherlock smiles and follows him.
John has to adjust himself in his trousers, looking to Brian and blushing brighter.
"Excessive thirst is a side affect of animal tranquilizer. Don't drink anything else for a little while." She says and takes the empty glass from him. "Sherlock.. I can make this go away. I can take your memories of this morning and the pain your in right now. I can make it go away. You just have to say yes and I can fix it.."
Jean comes up and strokes himself before pushing into Sky easily.
He hums. "Yes please.."
She grins and licks her lips when she sees his cock. “Mm that’s quite impressive. And I’ve seen my fair share of cocks.” She looks back up at him after she looks at his cock. ‘Mm of course. He has a gorgeous cock. I’ll make him fill me like a fire hose.’ She smirks and crawls to the end of the bed to the man. “Now that you’ve bought me what do you want?”
He blushes. "It was ah.. 'Pour Some Sugar On Me'."
He whines, resisting rocking his hips. “Yes. But I still love it. Love watching her grow and swell.”
He smiles softly. "It looks brilliant. Can I send a picture to Gregory?"
Sabine swallows hard. "You're a dominatrix." She murmured. "I've heard about your profession." She closes her eyes. "If ... If I do... Will I be part of your game?"
His hole flutters against her fingers, moaning breathily.
John chuckles and kisses him as he wraps his hand around their cocks.
She chuckles and shakes her head. “I can’t decide.”
“And Camille will kill the world.” Sherlock frowns. “Please I’d prefer to face down Greg than Camille.”
“Wanna be Daddy’s good boy. Make Daddy come. Wanna be filled with Daddy’s cum.” He moans, drooling a bit.
“Chris, this is Violet and Carol.”
"Ah." John gives a nod when she waves at them. "Well they seem to be getting on. That's good." He shifts awkwardly on his feet not sure what to say to his ex.
“Soon, love. Soon. Want to watch you come like this.” John strokes him faster.
Sherlock groans. “You’ve made me crave sex, John. Only from you. I’ve never had any interest in this before.”
Magdala chuckles and kisses Crystal’s hair. “Do you want to do the honours and call him in?” She asks, her voice muffled by Crystal’s hair.
She hums happily and smiles as she leads him out, long robe fluttering behind her gently.
"Ride me, baby."
John nods. “I know. He knows. We’re just going to wait for him to decide. I think at the minute he just wants to get away from you all, because of what happened to him.” He explains. “Which I completely understand.”
“Oh I’m sure of it.” She nods.
Sherlock mutters softly and curls in on himself.
“How’re you feeling?” He smiles softly, looking at her belly.
"I've figured out where I want to go.."
He nips at her lips as he rocks against her. "Fuck, you got me so fucking turned on.."
John spreads his legs for him. "Please, Sir.."
"Mm practice does make perfect." She giggles.
He grins and nods. "I-I think he likes it rough. B-being pushed hard to the brink.."
The tiger rubs against his back gently, nearly knocking him over.
He blushes at the praise and tips his head into her hands a bit.
Morna nods and quickly falls asleep.
He blushes when he sees how big he is, drooling a bit.
He mewls and latches onto her again.
Sherlock hums. “I just wanted to tell you the truth, in case my Sire wishes to speak his truth.” He says softly.
He whimpers and sighs. "Love you. I love you so much."
John blushes brightly and whimpers needy, absolutely desperate.
"Such a good boy." He kisses him.
John frowns as he reads the text. *i know you’re worried about being found out and about Mrs. Hudson kicking you out. She is clever. I know that. If anything she probably already knows you being a vampire. I know what it’s like to be without a mother. I thought mine was dead for years because you’re brother banished her because he couldn’t deal with his feelings!*
"Please.." He begs breathlessly and spreads his legs.
John sits with Sherlock as the other participants chat around them. “Quite a few couples.” He mumbles to Sherlock.
Collin smiles and kisses him back. “Hello, handsome”
He takes him into his mouth, slowly swallowing him down.
“Yeah. Feels weird wearing clothes again. I haven’t in months.”
He curls up around him.
She comes back and sits down, filling out the form.
“Good boy. Gorgeous.”
"Is.. erm. My room soundproofed? I mean, I don't remember hearing Teddy and Tom bicker, but.."
He moans and presses his face into her chest.
He blushes hard and whimpers needy.
She smiles softly and relaxes. "Can we go home now?" She asks, knowing the house she had built was ready and everything already moved in.
Sam groans and swallows Collin’s cum.
He nods and grinds down against him. “Yes. Yes.”
He hums and nods.
Greg groans softly. “Just remember to go slow and don’t hurt yourself.”
He blushes and smiles as he follows Jean in.
He blushes brighter and nods. "Of course, Sir.."
She blushes and hums happily.
“Poor boy, having fucked so much but having nothing to fill up your own greedy holes.” He smirks.
"If you want you all are welcome to spend Christmas here with us."
He hums, pulling him into a kiss.
Kia lifts both of her arms to be picked up.
Martha smiles brightly. “Oh yes, this is amazing.”
"221B, the Holmes-Watson residence.."
"You do not and you need to be taught a lesson. First and foremost, you will not touch yourself during this lesson. If you do, you will be punished. Understood?"
He blushes. "Eli's nice."
"What is she talking about?"
Crystal sprinkles salt into the bowl. “I’m going to light this on fire. Once it’s on fire there’s no going back. Camille will be summoned and held momentarily in the circle. We’ll have about... Well twelve seconds from the time she appears to when she can break free for us to kill her. Twelve seconds.”
"Nope. I'll eat them all in front of you. Won't even save any for Father Christmas." John teased as he too stole some icing from the bowl. He licked most of it off his finger then bent down and let Gladstone have the smallest taste.
Sherlock chuckles. “I can cook for you.” He offers softly.
She moans and arches. She holds his hair keeping his mouth against her.
Carol blushes and nods. "I'm only human. There's only so long I can hold out. You never told me how good her cunt and mouth were." Greg smirks
“Date?” Sherlock asks.
He smirks and pounds into him.
Margaret nods and smiles, following John in.
He smirks and kisses him teasingly.
“Oh.. oh John you’re a genius.” Sherlock kisses him again.
"I do, sir. I love it."
"Mm, we should find something to do, then." Michael blushes.
They sit down again
He shakes his head a bit. ‘Just need to think.’
Michael frowns deeply and holds him close. "I l-love you, Turk."
Mycroft takes Greg's hand and nods slightly, telling him it's okay.
He smirks and deepens the kiss.
Sky is waiting patiently.
“Surprised I’m still this tight?” She giggles, rocking her hips slowly.
Sherlock laughs and shows Mycroft the text as Mycroft fucks him from behind. **Well you’ll know when they all give you looks.—SH**
He laughs. "Told you I'd win."
He hums softly, blushing a bit. “‘Love’?”
He hums and nuzzles him.
He whimpers softly and kisses him needy.
Sherlock nods.
"I guess I'll just have to keep my hand over your mouth." He bites at his neck and starts to fuck him.
She gasps and whines.
Sherlock mewls a bit against her lips. "I.. I don't know how to describe it.."
He holds her hips, nipping at her lips.
"He comes in to help when my team can't solve the case."
He moans loudly as he comes hard against his face.
Michael smirks and hums. "Mm, be my guest." He turns to Sky and smirks, leaning in to bite her neck.
He blushes and bites his lip to hold in a gasp. "Jake.. Eli's making breakfast."
Mycroft smiles. "Gregory..." He whispers.
Sherlock hugs John. “It’s okay. He’s scared. But we can’t lose him. I want to speak to him. I want to make sure he understands that I want to protect him.” He says softly.
Harry texts Hank.
Sabine's eyes widened, but she kept her head down.
"That will work until they're mobile. Once they're pulling themselves up all we need is for them to figure out how to escape. One escapes, they all will." John laughed then turned to face Sherlock. "Ask my mum about the time I escaped."
“Just think in your head. They’ll hear you and meet us there.” John smirks. “They can hear your thoughts when you want them to.”
She hums softly and gets off him, moving to sit beside him to relax.
'Yeah, she wants to go on a trip.' He smiles.
He hums and finishes his drink. “I’ll sleep fine tonight. Exhausted.”
Michael smirks a bit.
He smiles and kisses her back. "Mm, let's hope so."
Sherlock looks between the pair, smiling softly. “So what does that mean? You’re both... human right?” He asks.
“Anything.” Sherlock chuckled.
"Fuck my hole, Daddy.. want you to fill me up like a whore." Mycroft blushes, wanting to be used like Sherlock, like a whore.
“Mhmm. The more you fuck, the more you can try new things.”
Sky presses back against him, letting him fill her as deep as possible.
He leans against him a bit.
“Trying something new.” She smirks and presses him back against the wall as she marks his neck teasingly, her thigh between his legs.
“I love you.”
Greg whimpers and kisses him back. He wraps his arms over Mycroft's shoulders and kisses him like a drowning man.
"He's beautiful.."
"It's just.. I umm.. I just thought that you'd be spending more time together now that I stopped hogging you. I guess I didn't understand what I did to make him upset. I let you go when I really could have used you with me because I didn't want to upset him." She shrugs, holding back tears. "I was wrong."
“I have ten babies inside me right now. Seven are still tiny but Mycroft’s triple girls are going to come any day now.” She purrs and the girls squirm inside her, knowing their mummy is talking about them. “When I had the first batch of your, George’s, Michael’s, Zack’s, Sherlock’s, Johns, and Turks babies John and Brian and Turk fucked more into me in between pushing babies out.” She rocks her hips against his slowly. “I had twin girls from Turk, a boy from Michael and John and Sherlock and George and Zack and you, and finally triplet boys from Mycroft.” She purrs.
“Take it off, Daddy. Please.” Sky begs, rocking her arse back against his cock. “The problem with the hose earlier was that it was to small. I had the clench around it to keep it inside me pressed against my cervix. I’m not sure what kind of cum was in there but I don’t think it was all human.” She mumbles as she rubs her belly.
He gets in and slides behind him.
He blushes and nods, starting to ride him slowly.
Danny pouts.
“What?” Lestrade looks up from his boat road he’d been furiously writing in.
Sherlock takes the condom off and tosses it in the bin. “I’m not really sure what happened. I remember not feeling well and then Mycroft arriving and then it’s all patchy.”
“Only if you make fun of the plot holes.” John smiles softly.
"You don't need to stop. I want you with all of you. I never want you any different than you are. You never need to change for me. You never have to be alone."
‘Mm. He is.’
"Of course we are." Greg nods. "Why wouldn't we be okay with it?" John asks.
He whimpers. "Can I have daddy's mouth?"
Greg bites his lip and leans with his back against the police car away from the crime scene and people. "I'd love it.. I'd live every filthy second of it. Please, My." He says feeling desperate.
"You feel so fucking good, Collin.." He thrusts harder.
He blushes and nods.
John spoons him and falls asleep.
She relaxes against him.
"Mm I bet." He nods.
John jaw drops as he looks at Jared before grinning widely. “Good boy!” He praises and peppers him with kisses.
He smiles and relaxes.
“I love you.” John whispers.
John feels his heart clench. "Oh, Sherlock... I'm so sorry..."
He pulls out of her mouth and moves to push into her cunt beside Greg, smirking as John joins him.
He tips his head to the side. ‘Hello?’ He repeats back to her.
He smirks and gets out, picking her up and drying them both off.
"Mm you know the submissive has all the power. No matter what. They decide how far the scene goes. They decide what they want. It just takes a dominant to get them there." He hums and kisses him.
Chloe hums happily and smiles. "I think that's settled then." George smiles at Greg.
She moans and arches, rocking back against him. “You know they’re always open for you.” She mewls.
He blushes and nods, rocking his hips a bit as Michael takes him down his throat.
Sherlock smiles, raising his glass. "To my husband and partners."
Zack hums and nuzzles against her.
Dave hums as he follows him.
He smiles. "What time is it?"
He sobs against his lips as he comes hard for him.
"I'm going to take you apart. I'm going to make your mind go blank and the only thing you'll be able to think of is me and how good I make you feel.." He closes the bedroom door with his foot and strips them both. He puts him in the bed and lays on top of him kissing him deeply.
"Thank god." Nico hugs her tightly and she clings to him.
She looks at him as she floats a cup of tea to herself, looking at the surprise in his face at the hovering cup.
“That’s a very noble thing to do, love.” Dominic smiles softly. “I think it would be wonderful.”
He smiles and nuzzles him. "Morning, Myc.."
"I love you. Love you so much."
He holds onto her, letting himself cry. "It's okay."
She moans into the kiss and wraps her legs around him, rocking up trying to get him inside her. “Please please. I’ll let you fuck my womb. I’ll give you as many babies as you want. So many.”
Sherlock frowns. "I.. I know.. Just.. Stay still, yeah?"
"They won't. Trust me."
He kisses him back happily.
He gasps and moans breathily at the bite.
John hums as plays with his balls in his hands as he continues to pleasure Sherlock.
Crystal drags her finger through his cum on her chest, licking it off her finger.
He smiles and climbs into bed with him.
They find the others in the sitting room.
Mycroft's body is twitching almost violently as he comes down from his orgasm. "I-I.. Gre.. Fu.. God..."
Molly chuckles, bidding the women goodbye and putting her arm around Anthea.
"No, no they did not. Looks like they'll be spending tomorrow cleaning the lab." John smirks, "You can join them if you want."
Marie smiled. "*Vous êtes les bienvenus. J'espère que tu iras mieux bientôt!*" (“You are welcome. Hope you get better soon!”)
“You really are good.” He grins, panting a bit.
Mycroft sits with him, the table and chairs so short their knees are almost to their chins. Nina go to a wall with drawings on it and picks up one of the markers with a squishy handle before starting to draw on the wall.
"Sherlock.." He nuzzles him, trying to encourage him.
He blushes and opens his mouth.
Sherlock hums softly as he takes the pamphlet. "Mm. Yes. It's rather nice."
He squeezes his hand.
“Mm you are a trooper.” Clark praises, squeezing Johns arse.
She blushes and looks up at her.
John chuckles and kisses his cheek.
He smiles fondly. “I miss you too, Bee..”
He chuckles and nods.
‘I can’t hold this connection, Sky..’ His voice sounds weak.
He presses in a second finger.
“Good boy.” She praises and pulls on the clamps.
He grins and blows another raspberry to the same spot.
John nuzzles his neck. "Yeah I didn't think you would." He chuckles softly.
"So what are you here for today? John, it's nice to see you."
"Mm good people who need her help. She saved my arse. So what did she help you with?"
"That's right. Just a cumslut for us." They fuck him harder.
He groans and presses his forehead to his back. “Mm it’s been ages since I fucked someone properly.”
“Lead the way.” Greg hums, kissing him.
Crystal moans until she’s completely seated on his horn, “so long.” She almost drools.
"I told him. He understands." John sighs and sits with them. Collin groans softly and rubs his hand over his face.
"Michael!" She moans his name loudly.
Sherlock chuckles and sits on the floor so she can see he is okay. The puppy jumps all over him with excitement and John gets up to put his shirt and jumper back on. He smiles, seeing how happy Sherlock is with his new pet.
"Mm yeah."
Sherlock smiles. “Thank you Lydia. We’ll look into it.” He promises. “I’m going to go to sleep, why don’t you join us?” He asks softly, pulling the blankets up around them.
Sky's team drinks. Lydia takes her turn and misses.
"I.. I can't wait to say I do.."
“You’ll have him. I’ll make sure.” She smirks and wraps her legs around his waist. “Fill me up once more, baby. I know you can.”
He whines softly before nodding. “Yes, sir.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock nods, the anesthesia working out of his system making him feel a bit nauseous.
She smirks and slicks her fingers.
Sky groans softly as she wakes, hungover from drinking on her birthday and her legs stuck together from dried cum.
She gasps and moans, arching up and rocking her hips, still trying not to wake Peter.
"I love you, too.."
He pulls her down for a kiss.
"Okay." She nods and holds his hand.
He frowns. "I don't like being lied to."
"Fantastic." Sky smiles happily.
He grins and pushes into her.
He groans and thrusts harder, already so close.
He moans and trusts into her.
She mewls, holding his cum in her mouth until he tells her to swallow.
"Huh. You're a natural." Collin says softly.
She nearly screams as she comes hard, loving when he makes her. She moans like a slut and keeps rocking back into him.
“Mm come up here and ride me.” He groans to either of them.
*At 221B? I got stopped by some 'interested party'. Know anything about that? -JW*
She moans loudly and arches, gripping the sheets. "F-fuck! So big!" She moans, so wet around him.
"Always so tight for me." He moans, rocking slowly.
“Mm, yes. Unless you want me to come over there and take you on the steps.”
Violet pulls back a bit. "Can I take your clothes off?" She asks gently.
Sherlock smiles. “I love you, John Watson.” He says softly.
“Good. I let myself get to full today.” She sighs.
He nips and sucks on his neck, rocking his hips in circles. "All for you, baby."
“It’s rare. Very rare. Because the way omega’s are sold off to the highest bidder it’s very unlikely to be their true match. Those kinds of things have to develop naturally. Or so the story goes.” Mycroft shrugs.
He sniffles a bit, walking with him.
Crystal nods and turns to face her, she wraps an arm around Magdala’s waist. “You smell so sweet.” She purrs.
He gasps against her lips as he kisses her back breathlessly.
He cries out as he comes hard with Mycroft, covering the desk with his cum and squirting around his cock.
George doesn’t want to push him to talk so he pulls out a cigar and lights it.
He holds his hand and rubs over his knuckles soothingly with his thumb.
"I'm so full all they're going to see on the scan is chips." He complains happily, patting his stomach.
"Well then, I'll add a muzzle to my list of items required to keep John safe. I'll blend his food down into smoothies and he can drink them through his muzzle."
He smiles. "Let's bring them out."
John frowns but nods.
Pythia chuckles. “You could ask the house to do anything for you. Just like you ask your arm to raise and lower. It’s in your aura.” She smiles.
“How could I not have known? How could I not have know Brent existed?” She looks up at him.
Sherlock nods and they run to that room number.
He looks up at him as he lets him fuck his mouth.
"That's right. My fucking slut." He groans and pounds into her wet cunt, rubbing her clit with his thumb.
He gasps and arches. "Oh, Daddy.."
She arches and comes hard around him. "Mm at this rate you're definitely going to knock me up." She mumbles and holds onto him still hazy from her third orgasm.
Mel blushes and sucks gently as her hands drift to Violet's breasts, squeezing them gently.
He blushes brighter, shifting a bit. “Want to be used..”
“That’s cheating here. You can’t count cards.” She smiles softly. “Now I don’t think you meant to do it but your blind friend is in a heck of a lot more trouble.”
Greg smiles and hums softly.
He starts to unpack when something occurs to him. “The erectile dysfunction. I could see the signs like normal but I could.. smell it?” He looks at John confused. “Omega’s can smell that?”
He bites his lip. "Fine."
“You guys come here often?” He groans and rocks into Mycroft’s face.
“You’re welcome.” She smiles and hugs him tight.
He smiles and nods. “Alright, who’s hungry?”
‘Rest, Love.’
“Mm love you, too.” She smiles and kisses him happily.
Danny drives around outside for a while. Michael goes to hug Sky again, bringing Jean with him.
Sherlock raises a brow. “I wasn’t going to die, John. I know how much to take.”
He moans loudly and tries to resist bucking into her mouth. "Christ.."
“A promise I intend to keep.” Sherlock rocks his fingers, deep and stretching John.
Michael blushes, having not expected to be included. "I.. Dare?"
“I think she has something going on with the brother and his assistant.” Joann nuzzles his chest. “She kept looking at them.”
Sally sits and takes her hand. “Mrs. Brenner, I got a call this afternoon at work. You know I work in the homicide unit. The call was about Al. We picked up her body a little over a half hour ago. I’m so sorry, Mrs. Brenner. Al has passed away.” She says softly.
"Behave yourself."
He moans and pulls her flush against him.
“No they’re not here yet.” Crystal shakes her head.
John flicks his tongue inside, rubbing it against Sherlocks and swallowing down the moans they both make.
He chuckles softly and smiles.
He thrusts harder into her, his cock throbbing and leaking. “You hear that, baby girl? You’re putting on such a good show for everyone. Being such a good girl, a good slut.”
“More of a friend with benefits.” Clark chuckles.
Sherlock smiles and relaxes against him.
"N-Not your fault.."
Sky relaxes back against him. “Daddy?” She asks softly.
‘So now what?’ She asks, not quite sure what the creator wants her to do next.
“I know.” Sherlock kisses him back. “Just making sure.” He nuzzles him. “Your discharge papers are ready for you to sign.”
He whines. "If you can't go another round, get Sherlock or Myc.."
John smiles and holds Sherlock close, “are you ready for my seed?” He asks softly.
Mycroft stops just shy of the door. He watches, eyes widened. He grips Fitz’s gun tightly, having taken it as he fled their room.
He eases Michael's fingers out and slowly presses a slick dildo into him.
He hums and moves his hands to her arse, squeezing it. “Mm.. here?”
Greg smiles and lays down behind her, he nuzzles his cock into her, and holding her close. “I love you. You did so well baby.”
Mycroft moans and kisses him deeply. "So good.."
He slaps John thigh hard he's sure they're will be a hand print and fucks him harder still. He kisses him hard and fucks him ruthlessly hard. He growls as the headboard hits the wall repeatedly.
She relaxes. ‘Missed this.’
Mycroft smiles and nods. “Anything you say ma’am.”
He smiles and takes his hand, following him.
Greg kisses and sucks his neck as he works his finger.
“Please, Daddy. So close. You’re going to make me come. Fill me, Daddy. Fill your baby boy’s arse with your cum and tell me I can come. Please please. Oh Daddy please!” He begs, George’s pounding sending him to the edge quickly.
“I just call her Morna. She’s never told me any different.” Sherlock shrugs. “Talk to her. Get to know her. She’s wonderful.”
"We'll talk to Mycroft. He'll have a better reach." Zack nods.
"Of course." He smiles softly. "Aren't you?" He bites his lip, knowing he's not usually anyone's first pick to spend time with.
"Mm, brilliant."
"Yay!" She smiles and sits. She starts writing, quickly filling in page after page of paperwork.
“Alright. Figured I’d leave Greg and Mycroft alone.”
"God, you're beautiful..." He murmured.
He unties him.
"You're so good to me." She smiles.
"And here I thought it was you who was going to kiss me." John teased, lifting a hand to cup Sherlocks cheek.
Greg frowns when he sees her. "Sky, are you alright? You look a bit.. Sick.."
“Alright.” Crystal nods and flicks her hand behind the door. The toys fly back into their spots in the drawers and the drawers close silently as well as the bed being made by itself. “Come in.” She opens the door for John.
He chews on his lip. "How do you know they won't?"
John nods and opens the bottle of red with care, pouring a small amount into each glass. "You've got it all figured out, then."
“It’s also his choice.” Camille sighs. “Just finish drinking my blood.”
"Where should we go eat?" Benny smiles.
He moans and tries to pull him into himself.
He kisses her back deeply. "God, you feel so good."
George and Cecil fuck him harder as they get close.
John reaches out for Greg's hand, mumbling softly.
Myc nods, whimpering. "Okay..."
He pulls out of her slowly. "You're so perfect.."
Mycroft smiles and moves up behind him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock, knowing he wouldn’t know it was him yet.
“There we go..” George mumbles small praise as he spanks her again.
He smirks as he takes the plug out, pushing into her.
“Tonight. But first we have a party to host.” He smiles.
“What? Seriously?” John looks shocked.
"It's okay. I'm sorry it was such a shock. We should have talked first. I'm sorry." He squeezes his hand, making sure they were good again.
"I love you too.."
He gasps and arches under him. "D-Did I do good today, sir?"
“My ignorance?” Greg scoffs. “Tell me what’s happened to me since finding out about you? Let’s see shall we? I found 100’s of women dead or serverely injured from feeding, and I wasn’t even allowed to serve justice. I’ve been attacked. When I came here for help, I was nearly ripped apart. Within the hour. Out of all the vampires I’ve met only four haven’t tried to kill me. How many have tried to kill you?” Greg asks. “She should have let my ancestor die, I would rather have not been born at all, than be here right now, sat across from monsters. Conversing with them.”
"He's very likable."
"Close your eyes." She smiles softly as she closes hers and takes John to see Sherlock.
John moans, his cock throbbing inside Margaret. “Make me come, Maggie.”
Mycroft moans loudly, kissing her back deeply.
"You boys are getting in late. How'd it go?" George smiles.
"Mm yeah.." He hums. He pushes the plug back into himself and cleans them up.
He smiles happily.
"Really. Expensive drinks. They were good looking too. Maybe I should have accepted." She hums, knowing Michael gets jealous easily when his tipsy.
"If you finish your dessert I'll let you pick a reward, sexy." He squeezes his thigh.
“There’s a piano in there as well.”
Margaret holds Johns hand.
Sherlock licks from base to tip, rolling John’s balls in his hand.
John cuddles Sherlock and snuggles him between Collin and himself.
“Lets take a rest, hm?”
‘They’re excited.’ He huffs, nuzzling her back.
He rubs his back and smiles.
He blushes and smiles. "I like him, Myc."
She smiles at him adoringly and holds him close. She feels him nip at her nipple when it stops giving him milk. “Easy, baby.” She gently pulls her nipple from his mouth and moves him, careful not to wake him. She rubs her other nipple against his lips, knowing he’d latch like a good boy.
Sherlock grumbles. “Sleep…”
“Wanted this since I first saw you.. wanted this for so long.. had a dream about you in a crowd. Instructing me, ordering me.”
"Well, Major. Give me a reason to say them again."
Steve cuddles George close, kissing him gently.
He blushes and kisses him back.
John smiles. “Can I cuddle you?” He asks, opening his arms wide for her.
"Come ride me, baby." He kisses his chest.
Sherlock paces, thinking.
Jacob crawls onto the bed with her, follows by Michael.
You make loving fun..." He finishes the song and rinsing Sherlock's hair.
John makes Sherlock's tea just the way he likes.
“Of course I am. I married her.” John gets off the bed, embarrassed, looking down at the state of his suit. “Oh god. I spent my wedding night… here with you. And not just here… at Baker Street but here in your bed. What the hell is wrong with me?!” He looks at Sherlock on the bed, looking all ruffled and adorable. “Oh god.”
Sherlock smiles and holds him. "You can sleep more if you want."
He hums softly and rubs his back.
"Do what makes you happy but do it for the right reasons. You are amazing as you are now. Why do you always think you need to fix things about yourself that aren't broken?" She flicks the ash.
"Because in that one he never met you. You both never fell in love. You never changed each other's lives. It's because he doesn't have you that he says yes. And since he has you that possibility it false. You make the difference in his life. You make the biggest difference. And even though he doesn't know how you change his life he can feel it and that is what makes you both so perfectly matched.."
"Mm I paid off my student loans from Uni as a dancer. I'm debt free." She smirks and turns her back on him. She crouches down low and slowly rises giving George a perfect view of her nice arse. She looks back at him over her shoulder and winks.
"What do you mean?" Sherlock asked.
Mycroft offers him a sad smile but doesn't say anything. John just nods and turns back to fix the tea.
He nods, already walking to buy cigarettes. "I.. Thank you, Ant.. Make sure Greg stays safe, please.."
Mycroft had fallen asleep in Greg's arms, snuggled up close to him.
"Then lay back and enjoy the ride.." He growls and sinks into Sherlock with a deep throaty groan.
"I don't think so...?" John shook his head. "I have to wonder if he's bothered to notice I'm not courting the ladies any more... But he hasn't said anything untoward to me."
George smirks and pulls out of her cunt, letting two men push into her mouth and arse.
His hands fly to Sherlock's hair, tugging on the unruly curls.
She gasps and comes hard around him as he fills her.
"Mm I suppose it's true. I am a good muse for you to direct you genius to." Greg smiles back.
Morna moans and holds onto John tight, her cunt and womb chucking up his cum hungrily.
"Such a good boy." He praises and eases the plug out of him. He slicks his fingers and eases three fingers into him easily. "Mm so ready already. I should probably fuck your again just I be sure." He smirks and rubs his prostate.
He moans against his lips and kisses him back desperately. "I love you.." He mumbles against his lips.
He gasps and moans breathily as Cecil fills him again. "Oh, Daddy.."
They press soft kisses to him.
He gags around him, moaning loudly as he comes hard suddenly.
Sherlock cries out as he comes hard into Mycroft's hand.
She blushes and kisses him deeply.
John cuddles into Sherlock’s side, relaxing looking a little less pale.
"Yup. Do you wanna get shaved first?" Sky smiles.
She smirks and straddles his lap as they kiss his neck.
“We can watch a movie or play cards. Whatever you want really.”
"I like making you feel good. I like to do that anyway I can. If the pain play makes you feel even better than that's all the better for me. The pain play is only for pleasure. Not punishment." He nuzzles him.
She mewls and licks up his cum.
He kisses her neck softly.
"Triplets again?" Harry laughs.
“My people are vampires.” Magdala smirks.
"I do what I have to do to make sure the people I care about survive." He freezes.
He blushes and forces himself to regain control. "Mm. I'll be waiting." He signs and retreats to the bedroom. He waits until he hears the shower start before going to find one of John's jumpers and his red pants. He puts both of them on and lays on the bed, stroking himself through John's pants.
He growls softly and marks him.
“Mm you know my legs are always open for you boys.” Sky purrs and stands, belly even rounder than before.
"Gorgeous. You're stunning."
He holds her close, rubbing her back.
He rocks with him, kissing his neck.
"I'll be to busy staring at you and trying not to burst into happy tears, and failing, to even notice how I look. It'll be perfect."
Sherlock watches her go before he speaks. “If you want me back, and I mean really want me, then you're going to have to work for it. You’re going to go to therapy. We’re going to go to couples therapy. We’re going to communicate openly and honestly if it fucking kills us. We’re not going to hurt her anymore. We’re going to get our shit together and be the parents she deserves. No more fights. No more resentment. No more lies. No more leaving. We’re going to act like adults and fix our relationship. Am I clear?” He looks at John.
He whimpers, squirming.
“You’re welcome.” Greg smiles.
Brittle huffs happily and bobs his head.
“Oh no, I’m terrible with names!” John protests. “Don’t be trying to draw me in by giving me naming rights! I’m still annoyed you’ve brought a dog home!” he says, although he’s smiling. “Besides, I’d suggest calling her Mycroft, just to piss your brother off. But that’s not fair to that cute little bundle of excitement in your hand,” he scoffs. “You name her.”
Greg nods. “You can ask for things too if you want something.
He blushes brighter and kisses him back before ducking his head. "No 'm not."
He hums and kisses her back.
He stands, picking him up. "I'll carry you."
“Snake!”
"Obviously you can't bet on this, Sky." He chuckles. "But if either I or Chloe guesses it correctly, we get the entire cash pool, yeah?"
"Mm? Ohh yeah.." She giggles and nuzzles him.
John raises his eyebrows, but says nothing, too tired.
“Mm. A little nap?”
“Daddy always makes it good for you, doesn’t he?” He smirks.
He blushes brighter and kisses him back softly. "Yeah?"
He chuckles and leans him to the back seat, putting the top down.
“Oh yeah. Uhh alright.” John stands. “Thanks guys.” He smiles at Greg and Mycroft before following Sherlock out.
She leans in and kisses him.
He blushes and mewls.
Magdala wraps ribbons around their hand. “Do you agree to be each other support? To defend each other? To give when the other needs?”
It’s silent for a bit before Justin hums softly. “Do you have a boyfriend?” He blushes a bit as he asks, obviously knowing she’s pregnant, but not wanting to make assumptions.
"It's fine, love. It's a lot to handle. It's okay." Benny smiles softly and runs his back gently. "It's alright, love. Just relax." Jean kisses his head.
He smiles shyly as he stands.
"Breakfast." He smiles.
She hums and rubs his hand.
She smiles softly and does as she's told.
She giggles and smiles.
"Of course not!" John felt sick. "I'm not like... like *him*, Sherlock."
Sherlock is silent while she explains. He only speaks once she's finished. "Then we're going to make damn sure that he's the one that dies."
“Sherlock, he’s going to have to heal. He might even need some rehab.” Greg says softly.
He leans in to nip at her neck, thrusting harder.
Michael rubs Sky's back.
Sky doesn't say anything, her mind had developed an escape mechanism to let her mind separate from her body so she didn't have to be there when Sebastian used to use her, being held down triggered the response.
“Okay.” She giggles and lets him go.
They push into her hard, their knots filling her as they come hard.
She groans and gets wetter around him. "Feels so good. Harder. I'm not going to break."
“Perfect.” Collin groans, cock throbbing as he looks at them and sends them out.
"Very good, John! But you've made one mistake. You assumed that I had a trigger to begin with. Tick toc goes the count down clock!" Ford smiles and laughs. John knows that look. He's seen it before on suicide bombers. John drops his gun and rushes to Mycroft tackling him to the ground as far away from Ford as possible. He holds Mycroft under him holding his head to John's chest as the house explodes around them.
“Ohhh!” Morna arches off the bed, pulling on the ropes. Not only is her cunt leaking nearly continually her breasts start to drip milk as well.
John smirks. “Good boy. How about you strip for us?” He hums as he pulls back.
"Mm I'll try, My. I don't exactly sound sexy at the moment." Greg giggles.
He smiles. “That’s okay. Now it just means it’s the other team’s go.”
She smiles and kisses him softly before going to pack, hips swaying enticingly.
“At least our rooms are across from each other.”
"We'll give you exactly what you need, slut. We'll fill you up so much our come will leak out of your tight arse for weeks." He fucks him hard suddenly and strokes his cock firmly.
John marches back to Sherlock's room still red in the face from delivering Sherlock's message. "Git making me a messenger to comment on his brothers sex life. Greg did look like he wanted the floor to swallow him whole though so at least I'm not the only one." John grumbles while smirking.
'Of course. You know I would never.'
Magdala blushes and arches into his mouth.
“So how’s it being a married man? Bet you don’t miss going out to pick someone up at a pub.” She smiles, eating her curry.
They enter the dark and dim facility.
Mycroft chuckles and nods.
He blushes at the praise and whimpers.
He blushes and smiles shyly as he follows Turk.
“How’s it going here?”
She mewls and rocks a bit.
"How long before you have to be back?" John asks before taking a sip of his coffee.
He moves to sit on the bed.
She moans and aches, rocking back against him.
He presses kisses to her chest.
“Fuck.” He moans and comes hard into her mouth. Anthea’s eyes widen and she mewls, her cheeks bloating out at the size of his load.
George turns off Violet's vibrator.
I need you baby
"An alpha, with a knot inside her. Now that's hot." Anthea says with a smirk. "What about a real knot. Can you handle one?"
"In London?"
“The managers are on the way.” Rose says.
“Better, Love?”
It would take time, but after twenty plus years, he was willing to try and school his beliefs, if Greg was happy to accommodate him.
“Why haven’t you been fighting abroad?” Annabelle asks. “Let’s go inside before we get bombed.” She says starting to lead the way back to the house.
“Ready for my cock, baby?” Eli smirks.
“Mm you just missed my cock while I was away.” They chuckle, keeping their cock deep and rock their hips slowly.
He moans and swallows around him.
Mycroft only stiffens further, setting his jaw.
"Your animals?"
“Is that right? You want to carry my babies? Your sibling?” He smirks, pressing on his belly as he rubs his clit.
John frowns and pulls Greg in for a kiss.
She nips and sucks on his lips. "Strip."
"God, I want that.. I want to be the father of your children. I want to raise a family with you, a big one. I want to be able to call you my wife and the mother of my children." He moans and bucks his hips.
He's on his feet as fast as he can, using whatever furniture he comes across to make it to the door. Shouting for his parents, he carefully feels for the first step, cursing the fact that he can't see the stairs past his belly.
He gasps and moans breathily.
'Cause I'm being taken over by the fear." She sings and smirks at them.
Sherlock whimpers and presses a hand against his crotch. "S-Sorry, Sir.. I just.. You kept talking about your military friends.. A-And I couldn't stop thinking about them fucking me in front of you, you ordering them around, telling them what I like and how I like it." He moans breathily.
John raises a brow. "I'm guessing no one else knows about that?"
Sherlock smiles, “what’s it like, carrying a lot? How big were you when you carried seventeen?” He asks, imagining her belly the same width as the bed as she laid on her side.
Dark nuzzles her. ‘You’re brilliant..’
She blushes and nods, laying on her back on a pile of blankets. She whimpers softly and pulls the plug out of her, putting it aside.
"Tell us what you need." Sky nips at his throat and jaw.
"Such a slut. You're so fucking perfect."
Sherlock moans into the kiss, his hips making frantic little jerks against John’s hand.
"Do you think it would turn out alright? All of us raising a kid together? I mean our relationship isn't the most... Conventional.." He bites his lip and flicks away more ask.
"We are and that is why it works so well."
Morna gently pushes the rest of her hand in, up to her wrist and makes a fist inside her. She starts off slowly, rocking inside Kia.
George blushes as he lays down on the bed.
He smiles shyly and nods.
He holds onto him. "I love you.. Never do that again."
He blushes as he kisses her back.
"I missed you.. So much.." He murmurs, nipping at his throats gently.
He rocks into her mouth and back against her finger.
"Yes yes please. Just bend me over and fuck me whenever you want to. I'm yours. Use me. Breed me. Always."
"Need you.."
“You’re alright. I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise,” Sherlock assured him.
“Y-Yes, Ma’am. I’m sorry, Maam.” Anthea stammers.
He frowns a bit. ‘I.. I don’t remember..’
Anthea blushes. "You smell amazing."
She moans and arches. "Oh yes. Fill be Daddy."
“Hello?” Magdala answers.
Sherlock looks at the paper and frowns.
Greg rolls over. “What’s the matter?” He grumbles sleepily. He wraps an arm around Mycroft’s waist.
Mycroft hums. "Brilliant idea, John."
She blushes and leans up to kiss him. “How about from now on you send me to work full of your cum? And if you get bored you can come top me off again at lunch.” She purrs, her belly presses against him.
John nods. “So how do I anchor myself here?” He asks.
Mycroft puts his arm around him, kissing his head.
“Do you honestly want to get me off or would you rather a cuddle? I am perfectly fine with either one.”
Michael pulls at his cuffs.
“I’m here now. And we’ll have children. And we’ll get the rest of your family back. I promise.” Sherlock squeezes Johns hand.
Turk bites his lip as he walks over them.
He blushes and nods, smiling shyly.
Reaching between his legs he gathers some of his slick on his fingertips and coats his cock with it. It takes less than a dozen strokes before he's shaking and crying Sherlock's name. Milky come oozes from his tip and drips onto Sherlock's taught stomach, the sight causing John to growl through his ecstasy. Once he's spent, he slides his fingers through the mess on Sherlock's stomach and hums appreciatively, smearing it into Sherlock's skin and enjoying the way their two scents combine.
Sherlock smiles fondly at him.
Sherlock nodded. "Please..."
John opened his mouth for Sherlock.
Collin smirks and grips her hips hard. "Mm, that's the idea."
He grins. "I told you."
He holds his hips down, continuing just to work the tip of his cock.
"Absolutely perfect." She hums as she leaves little hickies around his neck.
He rubs her cunt softly with his oiled hands.
Sherlock gasps softly. "I.. I want to see you like that, Daddy.."
Sherlock feels John push him out of the way as a shot rings out across the room. He grunts as he hits the floor. "JOHN!" He screamed.
He blushes and smiles.
He whimpers and hides his face in her neck. "I love you so much.."
Mycroft sighs and slides down the wall to sit on the ground, suddenly not caring about his appearance or clothing. He takes a long drag and holds it for a second before blowing it out in a large puff.
Sherlock follows him eagerly.
He whimpers and moans, arching up against him. “Please! Want to be used!”
"Give me a little while to heal, and I can rub my slick on them... it'll help."
He groans and holds her head there, rocking his hips.
Sherlock smiles and nods.
Sky pants and she finishes, having had over fifty pups.
He kisses her head happily.
"You know you don't have to actually call me. The whole hearing your thoughts thing works just as well." Sky hums as she picks up the phone. "We're on the way back to the estate now. Be there in five."
She smiles softly and looks up him for a kiss.
Now, how I long, how I long to grow old.." He sings to him and kisses his chest softly.
"Are you going to come in your pants, John?" He chuckled and sucked harder.
“Mm fuck be first and then if you do a good job I’ll fuck you.” Kia smirks.
She blushes brightly and starts time again. She whimpers softly and heads to the bathroom.
‘Anything else?’ She kisses him softly, letting her tongue dip into his mouth.
Michael feels better, a bit more confident now.
"So cute."
Cynthia moans loudly and arches, taking everything he's giving her.
"It's fine. He can't think of anything he hasn't already done to me." She sighs and opens the bathroom door.
"Mmh. You might want to take care of Sherlock."
He kisses his neck and chest teasingly.
Sherlock bobs his head slowly, moaning around John’s cock.
“Perfect.” He grins.
"Oh! Really? I know Zacky had been saying this for a while."
"I think I will join you." He gets up to get dressed.
He curls up against her. "Thank you.."
“Brilliant.” Jason grins. “Hello, Jason.” John smiles. “John.” Jason smiles and kisses both of his cheeks. John chuckles and smiles, rubbing Jason’s arms. “Say bye to your husband and we’ll go.” Jason chuckles seeing John smiling at them.
Sky smirks and continues to fuck Chloe.
She replays their conversation for him.
He presses him back against the wall and lifts him, wrapping Sherlock's legs around him. "Ready?"
"Mm yeah." He smiles and nods.
He hums happily and nuzzles him.
Mycroft smiles softly and sits next to him. "How are you doing?"
"Want my cock?" He rubs his thumb over the leaking tip of his cock.
He blushes and nods, taking the new clothes to his room to change.
“I’ll take her arse this time and fill her cunt when I’m ready.” Greg smirks.
Jake smiles and follows him.
"Mm, whatever you want."
The ride is long, but the scenery beautiful. They stop a few times to let Sherlock stretch, and John let's Sherlock finish the last leg of the journey so he can watch once familiar landscape drift past them. Nearing the center of town he points to a small inn. "I've made reservations there, if you want to stop so I can use the loo."
He presses soft kisses to his chest.
He smiles softly at her.
“John is correct. They will come to you if they want affection.” Sherlock agrees.
She sighs contently, relaxing against him.
John hums and presses closer in his sleep.
His expressions brighten after each trick.
“Too bad you brought a knife to a gunfight.” John pulls out his hand gun. “Drop the knife or I’ll drop you. Your choice.” He points the gun at Ryan’s head.
Morna moans and creates more nipples so more gods and drink from her.
“Oh?” She licks her lips.
He moans and pulls him into a kiss.
He hums and smirks.
"I'm always here, you know that. Mycroft called and I dropped everything to get here." He stands and offers his hand. "He's keeping a close eye on him."
“Let’s give ‘em hell.”
“Mm?” He moans breathily.
She takes him down her throat and adds a third finger.
He relaxes and sways with him.
"Maybe." Greg smirks and kisses John's back.
Sherlock's hands shake a bit as he takes the mug, he's blushing brightly.
She smiles and goes back inside.
He moans and starts to pick up the pace.
“I’ll let you touch any part of me you’d like but you’re only allowed to use one finger.” Crystal smirks, knowing it would drive Mycroft wild to only get to touch her with one finger but also she could slow get used to him touching her other places and not get overwhelmed.
He blushes and leans into his touch. "Cinnamon toast.."
George groans as he starts to thrust with Steve. “Been too fucking long.”
Mel strips with Turks help. “Hohn would you like to learn how to do this too?” Turk asks, belong Mel Sir ip on the edge of the exam table.
He smiles and sits to put his shoes on.
Udos smiles, “some Gods wish that you should become our new... sex toy, whenever we want it. Others don’t.” He says softly.
Sally blinks, nearly falling back. “Sky?” She looks around, knowing it couldn’t be the dog talking.
‘Tell then where we are if they ever need us. You’ll take a bag for them. It’ll have food, money, and clothes so they can do what they want.’
“He won’t agree if he thinks I’ve already agreed. He can’t know. He’ll do the opposite of whatever I do.” Dorro says.
He gasps in mock devastation. "I've never heard such preposterous lies in all my life! You were an awful pirate! Never made any of the plush toys walk the plank. Terrible leadership skills!"
He blushes as he kisses him back and nods.
"Yes, Sherlock. God, yes. Anything you want.." John gets up to get lube. He comes back to find Sherlock writhing in his chair. "You gorgeously filthy little thing. How long have you wanted us to fuck in that chair?"
She nods and gets into the car with him, sitting between him and Dark.
He nods. "Thank you."
Sherlock shrugs. “It’s okay. Honestly. I don’t blame anyone here.” He says softly.
He nods and kisses her head. "I'll be back."
He kisses his forehead and hums happily.
Mycroft notices immediately and hums softly. 'I take it you two know each other?' He thinks as he sips his tea.
She gasps and moans as he pushes into her, arching her back.
"God yes!" He moans and arches, pushes back against him.
He nips and sucks on his thigh as he rocks his fingers.
He hums and sips his own.
He smiles and nuzzles her.
“Let go. I’m right here.” John rubs his thumb over the leaking top of Sherlock cock.
"I love you, too.." He holds him close.
“Greg? What happened to Greg?” George frowns. “He left this morning and checked into a clinic to help with his depression.” John says softly. “What?” George blinks.
“Good boy.” Margaret says softly, gently rubbing and massaging.
“I can’t wait.” Mel blushes and smiles happily. She starts to get off the strap on but the slide makes her moan and she sinks back down onto it, needing that full feeling in her cunt.
Sherlock smirked at John.
Clark leans in and kisses him tenderly.
Sky grins happily as she sees all the women.
John hums. “Well you’re going to have to control yourself, or something may happen that you’ll regret.”
“Gonna knock me up, baby?” She purrs.
“I’m sorry I’m late. The meeting ran over.” Mycroft sighs and takes off his suit jacket before working on his cuffs. “Your heat smells like it’s just starting.”
Zack and Michael nod.
"I can't! I always need more!" She moans loudly and rubs her slick clit.
They take him back up.
"How would you like it if John and Eli fuck you at the same time? They're both fucking huge." He smirks.
"Y-Yeah." He nods.
He smiles and hums. "Cute cute cute."
“Tell me about yourself.” Francis hums.
“I’ll get dressed then.” John goes to get dressed.
“Sure. I can get something together.” Crystal smiles.
He gasps softly and arches against him, opening his mouth for him.
He smirks and pulls her close, pushing into her cunt.
She blushes and nods. “I’m carrying three big litters plus human babies. And I’m speeding it up a bit.”
He blushes and lays on his back.
Dominic hums happily, wrapping his arms around Leona and holding her close making sure there’s no skin on skin contact just in case.
“Such a good girl. So beautiful.” She rubs Riley’s hips.
"Yes, ma'am.." He moans out, clicking on the vibrations for the cock ring.
Mycroft blushes a bit, remembering that Collin was still in his bedroom. "I.. I'll get Collin."
Michael holds off his own orgasm as he continues to thrust into him.
"Yes, dad." She smiles and sits Maximus back on the bed.
"Almost out of here."
“Alright. Felt the babies shift.” Mel blushes.
He smiles against his lips and kisses him back.
'Hi..' She hums softly in his head.
“Loved me back.” He nuzzles him.
"I love you, too." He leans in to kiss him and smiles softly.
They fuck him hard and fast.
He wraps his arms around him and hugs him tightly.
He frowns. "I know."
He licks his lips. “Mm. I wouldn’t mind eating a few of those loads out of you before filling you with my own.”
John pulls him up into his lap and kisses him deeply. He pours some lube into his palm and strokes them together.
“Fuck. Just look at you.” He groans, cock leaking just watching him.
“You’re shitting me. Mycroft lets you you go out and pick up other blokes?”
It's another couple of hours of John pacing the corridors and being awful to Mycroft and the hospital staff, before he is finally allowed into Sherlock's room. He is used to seeing Sherlock injured from all their cases, but it is somehow different now. Now that they have feelings in the mix. He rushes forward, pulling a chair close to the bed, and takes Sherlock's hand in his. He lets out a huge sigh of relief, finally having this contact again.
"L-Love you too.. So much.." He kisses him softly as he pulls out.
“I do. It’s so heavy.” John blushes, feeling slick run down his legs as Greg touches him.
John came in a moment later and smiles. “I’m sorry it’s not as homely as before.” He frowns as he notices Sherlock. “Hey are you okay? Nothing hurting?”
Sherlock steps in and takes a seat, “Sire, we’ve had some bad news.” He says softly.
He looks out the window and gasps softly.
He leans over to kiss him. "I can't wait to get out of here."
He curls up with him.
He whimpers and kisses him back trying to show him how sorry he is and how much he truly loves him.
"Alright." John smiles.
Sherlock soon comes out of his room. “Ready?”
He moans as he feels how deep he is already. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
“Well you know Dorro and Morna. There’s a pool, that many go to, we can go there.” John offers.
He smiles softly and rubs his back.
'Hardly..'
“It’s nice.” He smiles softly.
Jean soon pulls up to the pub.
“Mm. Shall we put a cockring on you to keep you from coming?”
“He told you?”
Greg kisses him because words can't convey everything he feels for Mycroft. He kisses him with happiness, contentment, desire, and love. So much love.
"No. I don't think your a slut. I don't think you'll fuck anyone. He was an ass. He was not right."
Mycroft growls and Jason moans as Sherlock licks his cock.
Sherlock turns it so John can see it. It's a detailed drawing of John's profile.
He stands and and looks at Sherlock’s face. “You did! You’ve got that guilty nervous look on your face when you know I’ve caught you! For god sakes, Sherlock!”
He whimpers and nods, tipping his head back for John. “Yes.. love being passed around like a whore.”
He whimpers, his cock throbbing and bobbing as he follows behind Collin, completely naked.
Dark licks her fur.
"Really really." He smiles.
He whimpers softly as they kiss.
He gasps and moans whorishly.
He smiles and leans down to kiss her.
He blushes and gets him another glass of water.
“Her opponent is rumored to have picked the three trials instead of a direct vote.” He sighs.
Mycroft smiles softly and drinks his coffee.
“Oh.” She giggles and nods. “I never tried till now.”
John frowns. "You're not going to be able to ignore him forever, love.."
He gasps and moans at the new sensation. "O-Oh.."
He whimpers and thrusts his fingers before adding a third.
Sky blushes brightly and nods. "Yes. I'd let him do whatever he wanted to me." She strokes him.
Collin smiles and kisses Sherlock's smile.
Mycroft smiles. The older man looks adorable in sleep, so relaxed.
Mycroft sighs. ‘It means everything to me. I love you Crystal, come on, please. Show him your innocence and pain and he will back off.’ He begs.
Sherlock starts eating happily.
Greg smirks and wraps his hand around Sky’s throat, squeezing and cutting off her air. “You’re ours to use. Anytime. Anywhere. If we want to fuck you, you just bend over the nearest surface.” He squeezes harder, pounding into her. He moans as he pushes past her cervix, fucking her womb directly.
Benny is in the shower and Jean is rubbing Michael's back gently. "Hey." Jean smiles softly.
She blushes harder and hides her face behind her hands.
His brow furrows. “What do you mean?”
"Mm better.." She mumbles, curling up between them.
Sky smirks and goes to get the dildo and the strap on.
He squirms under the restraints, his cock throbbing.
He slowly adds a second finger.
"Yup." Mike smiles and nods.
He smirks and picks her up, taking her and Benny to the bedroom.
Mycroft smiles and slowly lets go of his hand.
He groans as he slowly rocks his hips, staying in her womb.
He gasps breathily against his lips.
She gasps and whimpers, holding onto him.
He rolls his eyes and smiles. "Get dressed."
He nips at his lips, hands moving down to grip his arse.
Sherlock smiles. “Not here, John. Tonight you shall be the star attraction.” He says.
“Wanna come inside me? Wanna full Mummy with your cum?” Carol purrs as Collin rams James’ prostate over and over.
Mycroft smiles and kisses Crystal back. “Love you.” He murmurs. “How are you feeling?”
"I had been making tea," John says and leaves the two Alphas to size each other up. "I'll go finish, no taking your cocks out and comparing them, please. I do not need to see my sister's cock."
‘Missed you.’
Sherlock moans and melts into Mycroft's kiss.
'Luv you too.'
"Blue? Interesting choice." He smiles.
"Do you think Sherlock with get upset again if we don't tell him the total truth? I don't want him to be hurt by this.." He signs back.
He smiles happily and leans against Collin.
He gasps and moans, close already.
He moans and kisses her back hard. "Fuck.." He breathes. "Thank god. I'm starving."
“Made to take cock, sir. In all my holes.” He whimpers, trying to get him to fuck him harder and faster.
She nods. “I think that they can have cognitive behavioral therapy. Some of them will have to remain in hospitals and such but they’ll get better hopefully.”
He smiles and blushes. "Did your friends like me?"
“I taste him in your blood. Exactly the same as when I tasted directly.” Camille sighs.
“Very.” Margaret hums.
John whimpers and does as he's told. He's so slick and open for Sherlock.
Maggie blushes and mewls happily.
He moans and nips at his lip.
He arches up against him and moans.
“Ohfuckyes!” Greg moans as Mycroft thrusts up into him.
"When Mycroft signs that death certificate, all my legal rights turn over to your brother... And I'm pregnant with
He leans in to kiss him again.
"You are brilliant." He kisses him back.
"Everywhere?" Greg pulls him closer to kiss him.
Collin hands Sherlock the black album with the large red bow when they get in the room.
Sherlock moans. “Stay in me John. I- it feels so good.” He wraps his arms around John’s back and holds him close.
He smiles and hums. "She knows best."
He holds her closer, kissing her head and rubbing her back. "I love you. So much."
Sherlock gasps mockingly. "Say it's not so!" He muses. He chuckles at himself. "It would seem like this would be impossible to some extent without some kind of divine intervention."
Mycroft lets out a sob of pleasure as Greg fills him.
"Anything for you, My.."
He holds him close and kisses his neck as they move together.
Sherlock blushes and smiles a bit. "I thought you'd like this."
She gasps and whimpers. She's wet and hot around his finger.
"It's fine, John... it was either this or you sleeping on Mrs H's fold out.... and I know how you hate the smell of potpourri." He smiles.
Sherlock pins things to the wall.
Sky cries out and moans loudly. "Fuck yes. Give it to me!"
Sherlock frowns a bit. “By?”
“Letting go is hard. Especially when someone has taken that control from you before.” Greg nods. “I’m happy you feel safe with me.”
"Haven't told him yet. I'm sure Greg'd be eager to fuck you with me."
He groans as he watches them, panting a bit.
“Sabine, can you tell me if you’re in pain right now?” Linda asks softly.
Collin takes a few closer up pictures of his hands and fingers.
"I want to ride you. Can I? Please?"
Sherlock moans loudly against his lips. "Please, Daddy.." He whimpers, teetering on the edge.
No. He didn’t eat me. Then again I didn’t have my handy dandy broach to stab him with if he tried.-JW
He nods. "It wasn't your fault. We're going to find Mycroft before going to speak with his mum."
"Love.." His voice is a bit hoarse but he smiles softly.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock and kisses his chest.
"Yes, Alpha..." John croaks between heavy breaths. Sherlock's fingers are desperately slow inside him, barely even moving. While the suction on his cock is hot and heavy, swipes of Sherlock's tongue ghost over his crown, teasing the sensitive glans while never making contact.
Mycroft hums, “that button there. You press it and it alerts one of my workers that you need assistance. They will come to find me and I will come to help you.” He says pointing to a small red button on the headboard.
“You want to be my consort?” Crystal raises a brow.
He smiles and hums, leaning against the table. "What have you been up to?"
“Alright. Let me know if she needs me, mm?” Camille nods and licks her wrist to stop the bleeding.
He blushes, a small whimper escaping him, always bad at initiating once he becomes submissive. ‘Can you ask him?’
He smiles and nuzzles him. "Okay."
He blushes brighter and smiles shyly. "I always want to be a good boy for you, Sir."
"Sleep, love.."
David kneels beside her. ‘Still doing good?’
“This it?”
“Never. Never ever ever. I want you with me. Always.” Sherlock wipes up John’s spilled water. “I’m sorry. I probably hurt your chest.” He frowns.
"Good." Collin kisses Sherlock. "We'll take such good care of you." Jason kisses Sherlock.
“I know. I know. But Sherlock and Mycroft are still your friends. They’d never hurt you. The vampire that did hurt you was getting revenge for something else. You were an unfortunate target of that.” John frowns.
He smirks and takes his cock out, stroking it slowly.
“Oh gods.” Crystal pours herself some and downs it. “This isn’t a good idea.” She giggles.
“Please, call me Sherlock.” Sherlock shakes John’s hand, feeling the calluses from well-trained hands. “We’ll be pretending to be a couple after all.” He says as the door opens.
Sherlock pulls John close.
He nuzzles against her.
"He really is. Unless you mess with something he cares about. He's a very passionate person."
"Do you want to rest for a bit then I'll draw you a bath?"
Greg grins and rolls over to slump against Collin's chest.
“That was.. interesting..” Sherlock says as they walk out of the practice.
“Probably afterwards. He’ll use the milk to make sure you’re quick. You will agree to mostly anything just so long as he lets you go quickly and you can get the milk back here.” Sherlock shrugs as he explains Mycroft’s logic. “Don’t worry, everyone works like that. Vampires and humans alike.”
“Mm perfect.” He smirks and films a bit on his phone, showing Sherlock.
Sherlock bites at his neck as Mycroft takes his cock into his mouth.
“Really? Then how come the one on Mycroft still works from when John’s great great great great great great grandmother stabbed him? Riddle me that?” Greg tilts his head, having talked to Magdala while he recovered. “If we don’t have a way to check each other in place I agree to noting and this was all a waste of time on your part.”
“I can feel you, Daddy. Please. Push past it. Push as deep into me as you can.” She begs, her pussy throbbing around his cock.
"Fuck me.. Please.."
“Yes!” Sherlock cries out. “Yours! Only yours!”
He squeezes her arse lightly.
Sherlock frowns. "What happened?"
“Let’s change the sheets.”
He pouts.
He moans breathily and rocks into his hand. "Please.."
Greg pulls him close and kisses him.
Molly looks up at Anthea, eyes shining. "She's our girl..." She murmurs softly. The midwives bustle around, making sure Molly delivers the afterbirth.
“This is still your home, John. If you want to come back I won’t keep you from it.” Sherlock says softly, suppressing the shive that runs down his spine at hearing John’s voice.
He blushes. "I.. It's been so long since I went on a date.."
He moans loudly and arches as he comes hard onto his stomach.
He growls, tightening his grip on her hips as she comes without permission. He starts to pound into her, hips thrusting rapidly.
Sherlock smiles. “As soon as we said we wanted to do something special for you, they all jumped at the opportunity, even before we explained our plan.” He leads her over to John who kisses her happily. “Happy Birthday Maggie.” John whispers.
‘Brilliant.. just perfect..’
“What’s a Master and why isn’t Mycroft one? Who killed Camille? How did she become a vampire if she was the first?”
"Oh?" He smirks. "And you think I'm just going to give myself to you?"
Lydia shakes her head. “I miss them but it’s okay. Most of them didn’t make it to be grown ups. My older sister did. Then she had kids and her kids had kids and her kids had kids and then there was John.” Lydia smiles.
“Mm. I really should be checking on those two now. Got a big night ahead of us.”
George bites his lip to stay quiet, glancing to Chloe.
Carol cries out and moans loudly.
He whimpers, close already.
"Because the Queen is here.." He could feel his pants growing tighter.
“Wanna be Daddy’s good girl. Wanna give daddy so many babies. Wanna make daddy so happy.” She mewls. “We can go into Daddy’s head. You can take me around and let strangers fuck me but only you get to knock me up.”
Sherlock snuggles close.
"Tonight or tomorrow morning." She smiles.
"In my purse." She hums and check just to make sure. "Yup all here." She smiles.
"Why not both?" John says as his heart flutters in his chest. "Why not... against the wall, first? Before we're too tired to stand up?"
Greg kisses the tip of his nose.
He groans. “Anything that’ll make my good boy happy. Do you want to watch?”
“Fucking hell, Gregory..”
He gasps and moans. "Yes.. Use me.. Please, fuck me.."
Mycroft blushes and smiles, nodding to John. He takes Greg up to bed.
“Mm you showered.” Collin mumbles as he drags his tongue over James’ clean skin. “Ohh you showered with Carol after she worked out, didn’t you?” He sucks in his neck. “Did you suckle from her?”
John nodded. “We’ll manage.”
“You want daddy to fuck you, baby? Fill you with even more cum?” He smirks as he rubs Sherlock’s still rounded belly.
She smirks and hums. 'Maybe you were thinking about how you basically proposed to your girlfriend after one date.'
He smiles softly. "I love you.."
Jake hums and drives them to the movies.
Mycroft growls and starts to fuck him hard, pulling John back to kiss him hard.
"Yes."
"John has been edging me since this morning.." Mycroft blushes and glances at Sherlock.
Mycroft kisses him harshly as they fuck him harder.
Mycroft feels himself break at Greg's words, his walls crumbling around his heart. He grips his shoulders tightly, his breath becoming ragged and shallow as he starts to silently sob. His body shakes with each exhale.
Mycroft kisses his forehead and holds him close.
He moans loudly as he's filled, arching.
"Of course. I suppose you're keeping the marriage?"
“They’ve already been sent off.” Anthea smiles softly. “They want to keep an eye on you as well. You lost a bit more blood than they would like and because Selene came so quickly you tore just a bit.” She says gently.
Sherlock nods and leans back, “I want grapes. Or the twins do.” He whispers, opening his mouth.
“Yours.” John purrs.
"I know. I'll be fine. I just need some rest after I sort out Sherlock."
“Please. Want you.”
He slowly pushes into him.
“Crafts.” Danny smiles and holds up his bag. “We made friendship bracelets.” Nina smiles and shows him her wrist, the matching bracelet on Danny’s wrist.
*Know him, do you? -JW
Mycroft goes to Sherlock and holds him close. “Are you alright?”
He smiles as he takes it.
“Mm if you want to stay here and get warmed up I’ll put the kids to bed quick.” Dominic kisses her jaw.
Greg moans and licks the come from Mycroft's lips. He kisses him deep and hard.
“Christ.. that feels good..” He mumbles softly, his cock slowly taking interest.
Magdala smiles and leans up, kissing him.
"No. I'm talking." John says gently. "You listen to me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I have loved you since the pink lady. I never actually realised it until recently. I don't need to be friends with benefits. I need you, wholly and completely. None of this half assed bullshit. I need you to talk, but I also need you to
"I want to see him.." He nods feeling a bit nervous.
“I think so. But the way Sky And I played seems different then the way you play. I don’t know what seeking is. We’d always just be super duper quiet and hide. But this sounds really fun! How do we play though?” Non grins.
"Sure." John got up to find the relevant menu. "Usual, or something new?"
“Can we shower before bed?”
Mycroft whimpers softly and presses his palm against his erection.
"I don't know..." Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock blushes and nods, continuing to eat. “How did you become the god of my village?”
He pulls back to strip himself.
Sherlock sucks on his tongue, laying him back against one of the couches.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Peter. Thank you for helping me out. Feels much better now.”
He smiles and gets up to get the nurses and tell the others.
Sherlock smiles softly as he takes a glass.
He thrusts harder into her mouth, groaning as he gets closer. 'God, keep talking like that and I'm gonna come down your throat.'
“Should I go first?” He asks softly, holding his hand.
Sherlock cries out as he comes hard from overstimulation.
“Still, I don’t want you to die, Mrs Hud- Diōnē.” John says sadly, fighting back the tears.
Greg nods and sits on the couch, leaning against the armrest and watches Crystal work. “Do you miss food?” He asks.
Crystal follows him, pulling him in and kissing her deeply.
'Yeah. Jake is still getting used to the Turk is part of the relationship now.'
He smiles and kisses his cheek.
Sherlock huffed softly as he began to drift off in earnest. "Mmm... Later."
He kisses him, turning up the vibration.
'No. It'll be hours before anything really happens. She hasn't even realized it yet.'
“No. Everything was burned by the time I got there. I did pick up a sent though. It was the guy Sky burned.” Dark growls as he looks over at the man in the corner of the room. His burns were healed from Turk but he was still unconscious.
John laughs and wobbles a bit, holding onto Sherlock.
Mycroft blushes and pulls him closer.
He whimpers and presses his face in John's shoulder. "John.."
She blushes. 'Turk and I just had sex in the bathroom. He came but wouldn't let me.' She says in Michael's head.
He whimpers and blushes as he rides him keeping the pace slow.
Sherlock lets his eyes fall closed and he mewls wantonly for John. He is so close...
John smirks and finally takes a proper lung full of air.
“Oh yeah? Thanks.” Greg chuckles and rubs it, the hair making a scratchy sound. “Figured I might as well. Cold enough out for it anyway.”
Their noise brings one of the agents in, investigating what the ruckus was about. When neither John nor Sherlock is forthcoming, he shrugs and walks away. Clearly not finding manic laughter a security risk.
He hums softly and kisses his neck. "What time is it? It feels like afternoon-ish.."
He groans and pushes in deeper.
Greg smiles and pulls out a chair for Crystal. “I thought you’d like to do the honours as well with the champagne.” He smiles, gesturing to the champagne bottle and two glasses.
He groans as he finishes, relaxing around him.
He smirks a bit.
"'M fine.." She looks tiny but she doesn't shake anymore.
He sighs. “Brilliant. Have a lot to look forward to.”
He mumbles praise against his neck.
“How are the pups doing?” John asks softly.
"I have a contract with this omega. He's mine and I'm taking him out of here." Sherlock replied.
"I'm undefeated." He smiles.
He cries out as he comes hard suddenly.
He smirks and moves to kiss her. “Mm, Daddy’ll fuck you nicely.
She slowly inches her arm in further, planning on not stopping until either Morna called out or she got to her shoulder. “You’re taking me so well.”
“Good boys.” Myropis smiles. Now he had both Sherlock and Mycroft under his thumb he knew he could sway Morna easier. “How do you two feel, babies. What do you need from your daddy?” He asks, as he rubs and massages their bellies.
He hums happily and kisses him back.
John moans and comes hard into Sherlock, pressing his cock deep into Sherlock as he gives him his load.
John nods, holding Sherlock tight. “Only you. I just want you.” He whispers.
George eventually finds him, having followed the smell of tobacco.
"It's alright. He's going to be fine." Mycroft rubs Sherlock's back and bites his lip worriedly as Anthea brings a car around.
He blushes and nods, hands fumbling with his trousers.
He shakes his head, trying to get a hold of himself. "Not your fault. I should have asked. I always assume the worst.." He sniffles, still to embarrassed to look at Michael.
"She's weighted the risks. She's seen every possibility. She takes the good the bad and the ugly and she works with it. Some days are harder than others but she's still here. She still wants you. She knows the risks and she'll protect you to her last breath because that's what she wants. Let he be selfish in that." He hums and wraps an arm around him.
"Mine. All mine. You're going to come, aren't you? You're going to come as I fuck you. Come for me, my perfect little slut." She commands as she fucks him hard.
John shakes his head, still flushed with embarrassment, but he can't help a giggle spilling over his lips. "You're incorrigible."
John smiles, pressing a kiss into Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock's smile can be heard in his voice. "What would I do without you?"
Eli hand Sherlock his drink before taking a sip of his own.
Blaze eats hungrily, making small noises as he eats.
He bites his lip and nuzzles him back.
“We could and time how long it takes my brother to arrive.” Sherlock snorts.
He smiles and hums.
He snuggles him, holding him in his arms.
They arrive at the tailors a few minutes later.
"Mm wonderful.." He hums and bites his lip. He moans softly as he takes another sip of water.
He kisses his head and comes him close.
James leans against John as they eat.
He smiles and cuddles Sherlock, kissing his head.
He bites his lip, thighs trembling.
"Oh yessss!" She whines, wrapping her legs around him.
"You're stunning tonight."
Mycroft smiles and pulls Greg closer by his shirt, kissing him deeply. "I love you. Christ, so much."
Sherlock whimpers needy and blushes brightly.
“Her name was Violet. She created a blood bond with him to protect him from some vampire hunters.” Camille explains. “But they killed her. And ever since he has been needing Violet’s blood. If he doesn’t have it, it feels to him like his starving, that’s why he constantly drinks. To help to quell the thirst.” She sighs softly. “I need to break that for him.”
Sherlock frowns at Mycroft's outburst but nods, pulling out his phone and dialing Greg.
“Whatever you two need don’t hesitate to tell him. He’ll make sure you get it. I told him if he doesn’t I’d kick his arse.” Sherlock chuckles. “And besides I’m the only one who gets to eat you.”
“Usually?” Sherlock asks.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
"Mm coffee." Greg mumbles and kisses him back.
Clark rubs his cock against John’s hole as he strokes him. “Do you like taking cock?”
Could barely make out the words that you said
“Mum says I should get Crystal to look Greg over. Come find her with me?” John smiles softly as Sherlock who’s standing in the hall.
“Surprisingly it does.” John soaps up a washcloth and starts to wash Sherlock’s chest.
"On your back. I want to be able to kiss you while I fuck you."
He fucks her rough and fast.
Michael smiles softly as he answers. "Sky!"
She hums happily and presses against him.
"Bit more my loves, daddy will be here soon. Just hang on."
"No.. F-Ford.. Take me instead. Give him back.. Gr-Greg!!" He cries out as he wakes, looking around frantically, trying to remember where he was and what was happening.
"Is that John I hear? Oh hello John. I would apologize about the sniper but I'm not sorry at all!" Sebastian laughs over the speaker.
"18 to 22 months. Might as well be two years." Chloe nods, running her belly unconsciously.
Joann hums and nods.
Sherlock slowly stirs awake. “Mmm Maggie. Bright.” He mumbles, nuzzling into her further.
Jean hums happily and nuzzles him back.
“Yes.” She nods and blushes. “He’s going to fuck more into me when I’m done pushing them out.”
Mycroft closed his eyes and sighs softly.
Eli groans and starts to fuck Sherlock’s face.
'Don't be..'
“Happy?” He smiles softly.
"Watson," John says flatly, staring at the prick behind the counter. "But you already knew that, didn't you Pete? Still mad I wouldn't let you fuck me behind the school?"
"It's perfect. Thank you." She smiles and kisses him.
“I know but I want it. I like sex with you. I love it.” Sherlock blushes brightly.
He adds a fourth finger and finally rubs his prostate.
Mycroft frowns and holds onto him. "What if I can't protect her?"
He hums against his lips. "Hm?"
Darius chuckles softly as sky rocks back against his cock as she rides Dark. He pinches and kneads her nipples making her leak milk down her body slowly. Sky moans and sighs at the slow relief, not having realized how heavy and full she was.
He blushes and relaxes on his cock.
He shuts his eyes, shaking his head a bit. "U-Umbrella." He shakily safewords.
"Good." He nods.
He hums as he relaxes.
“I don’t need sleep to function! I’m /fine/!” He gasps sharply as a wave of pain goes through him to his head, bringing his hands up to his temples.
“It’s alright. I knew I’d get this call some day. Her name is Alaina. She lives down the block with her mum. We were best friends when we were little. Next door neighbors.” Sally sighs and squats down, looking at the woman’s face. “Oh Al. Your mum is gonna kill me.”
He kisses him back. "Mm, I think you should clean up before we sing."
"I wonder what this would feel like in my arse.. Filling me.." He strokes him faster.
"I love you, too.."
Sherlock blushes and they leave to find a real restaurant.
“Need you, Zack..” He moans softly.
“I missed you too, Morna.” John says softly. “Should we tell Sherlock that you used to be my mate?” He asks.
"No," John shakes his head and squeezes Sherlock's hand. "Just us, the two of us against the world, as always."
"Mm hello, honey.." Greg smiles softly and nuzzles him.
"It doesn't matter, he holds my trust money anyway." Sherlock replied.
He bites his lip and puts his illusion back up.
Pete blinks. “I.. seriously?”
“I mean here in France.” Greg smiles. “Until we come back at least.”
"Okay.." He nods and plates some for Greg. John gives Greg the plate. "You want some, Mycroft?"
"Technically I didn't tell anyone because I didn't want to.. It was just a nightmare.." Greg sighs.
He nods. “I think they’re very attractive..” He mumbles, blushing brightly.
Sherlock smiles. "Better. Loads better."
"Okay. So maybe a bit of BDSM. Think he likes public things?"
Eli grins and gets up, stroking himself.
She moans loudly and arches under him. “Fill me up, Daddy. Until my cunt can’t take anymore. Fill my arse, my mouth, cover me in cum and piss. Use me, Daddy! Oh, Daddy! Please!” She begs as Sherlock fingers Mycroft open.
She purrs softly and kisses him back gently. ‘Softer than I thought.’ She mumbles in his head as she continues to kiss him.
He smirks a bit and rubs her back.
"N-nothing.." He says far to quickly. "It was nothing." He sighs knowing that he's already fucked it up.
He hums happily and swallows, greedy for his cum. He slowly pulls off, licking his cock clean.
Sherlock smiles. "Oh, tell her I said hi."
He blushes and whimpers softly. "Thank you, sir."
Of course I do, you know I do." She sings, kissing his chest after she rinses it.
He moans loudly, arching off the bed. "Yes!"
He blushes and holds onto him.
He moans and kisses him back.
He looks up at him as he circles him.
Greg whimpers softly at the slow pace. “Fuck..” he gasps softly, still trying to hold back his orgasm.
Mel hums and nods. “Any advice you’d like to add?” Carol asks John.
He holds onto him.
"All of you together?" Mr. Holmes raises a brow.
"Sherlock!" John pants, grinding against him, absentmindedly.
She looks up for a kiss.
She nuzzles him before pulling back to fix her hair and do her makeup.
He growls as his cock pushes into her, thrusting roughly.
“Good girl.”
Mycroft finally lets his tears fall. "B-Bastard.." He fumbles for his own phone and calls Greg's number, knowing that Sherrinford would pick up.
Sherlock sighs and nods. “You’re right. Only for the common areas though. I want our room to smell like us.” He kisses John’s head.
The girl paled, then blushed as she handed over the receipt. Just then John came inside and gave Sherlock a questioning glance as he felt the tension in the air.
"You're trying to pander to me." Molly giggles, softly. "You know I can't have sex for at least six weeks." She scrunched her nose, teasingly.
“Sherlock.”
She smirks and adds a third finger.
He blushes brighter and tips his head back.
“Would you like to watch? Or I can join you all for lunch.” Mycroft nods, taking off his suit jacket.
Greg holds George’s hips and thrusts up hard into him. Chloe gags a bit as George’s cock is shoved down her throat.
Sherlock nods and kisses John before pulling back to get the lube from the drawer.
John blushes and whimpers softly. "Thank you, Sir.. I waited for you.."
“Need my cock, baby? Need it to fill your empty arse?”
“I always have time for you.”
“What? You never let on.” John chuckles.
John hums as he hears, going to find her.
"I'm going to tie you down onto the bed and have some fun with you." John smirks at Sherlock.
“Yeah.” Anthea nods. “Go on if you want.” She smiles.
He hums appreciatively and licks his way inside.
"Mm okay.." He hums softly and kisses him back. He nuzzles him and falls asleep.
"Ready?" Greg smiles as he and Sherlock are ready to go.
Lestrade called for a case for we took a trip down to the Yard. Rosie was very excited to see Lestrade and kept calling him ‘Geg’ for some reason so I joined in as well. His new name is Geg so when you get back he’ll respond to it. The case was a four and barely worth Rosie and my time. Solved it right in Greg’s office. (I remember the rules. No taking Rosie to crime scenes without you.)
Greg moans and throws his head back. The cab pulls up to Baker Street and Greg flings open the door not waiting for the cab to fully stop. He throws a wad of bills at the cabbie and nearly drags Sherlock up to the flat.
Mycroft growls at the thought, thrusting harder. He moans loudly as he feels Violet moving around his cock, groaning as he comes hard into her, filling her with what feels like buckets of cum.
Sky blushes and smiles as she sits down.
“Yes yes. I’m fine.” Crystal nods, smiling softly.
Eli smirks and pounds into her.
"It is. None of this would be happening to any of you if I wasn't here."
She smiles and relaxes, pulling out her phone to work on it.
"Mm.. No." He smiles.
He gasps and arches. "Yes.."
He kisses him and bends him over the couch.
He blushes and nods.
He kisses him back deeply.
He moans loudly and cries out as he comes hard against Eli's face. "I.. H-He'll think I'm a slut."
'I know you love it. It's making you excited. It's getting you hard. If you come let me have that big gorgeous cock I'll never shut up.' Sky purrs.
John groans, feeling the crackles of electricity run down his spine as his balls drew up close to his body. "Christ, Sher- *Sherlock*!" He cries out, eyes slamming closed as his orgasm hits him hard, come stripping his belly and abdomen as he shudders through aftershocks.
He moans loudly, leaning in to bite her neck.
Sherlock moans as he kisses him back deeply.
Mycroft hums and licks Sherlock's come off his hand.
Turk nods and pushes into her, leaning in to kiss her deeply.
George arches up, leaning his head forward to take Jason deeper, wanting him to choke him. He clenches around Sherlock and rocks up into Veronica’s mouth.
“You do help. Just by having you close is a big help.” Joann rubs his hand. “We can decorate it so it’s all set up for when your mate gets back.” She smiles softly.
She pouts and cuddles him.
He chuckles and rubs his back.
"I love you, too.." He mumbles against his lips softly.
John follows obediently, covering his erection with his hands.
“Familiar?” Sherlock asked casually, as soft music started to play, a violin piece. Sherlock had written it especially for their first dance as a married couple.
He blushes brightly and whimpers, rocking against her leg.
She growls and fucks him harder, pounding into him.
James smiles softly and washes John lovingly.
She moans around him, knowing her likes the vibration.
"Mm he loves to spoil us, doesn't he?"
The cab stops at the office and they get out. They sit in the waiting room and Sky bounces her leg nervously. "I don't think I can do this.." She bites her lip.
"I think I'll go to the sauna." Turk kisses Michael's hand before letting it go. He didn't want a massage because he doesn't like to be touched by strangers and he's uncomfortable with people seeing his scars, not even showing them to the group yet.
"Shouldn't I be the judge of that?"
“Absolutely thrilling.” Greg smiles, picking up his glass and taking a sip.
She smiles and nods. "Why are you so bloody tall?" She has to get up and kneel on the edge of the bed so she can clean the rest of the incision.
"Good." She smiles softly and kisses her neck as the boys come back with handcuffs.
John pushes into her along side George. “Oh fuck.” Carol whines, her cunt being stretch so good it’s almost painful.
"Come with me. Be a good boy and come." Michael pulls him down to kiss him hard, bucking his hips roughly and hitting his prostate.
Molly kisses back, taking advantage of the pause between contractions. "I'm sorry you have to spend your days off like this..." She muses. "I know you say you don't mind, but I'm still sorry. You like relaxing..."
He rolls his eyes and pouts.
Mycroft smiles and gets dressed, ‘I’m assuming you know your way there?’ He asks.
“Because then they would have known shapeshifters exist. You are the first human to know about our existence in... well a very very long time.” Mycroft sighs and sits down. “He couldn’t shift because he was on 24/7 surveillance. He did it to protect our people. And you. If he escaped, who do you think they would have gone after first?” He looks at John.
Greg smiles and rubs John's tight.
She cries out and moans loudly.
“He’ll be upset if we don’t go.” He sighs.
He blushes. “You want to go?”
"I know he would. Go get him." He kisses him hard before letting him go. Jason hums softly, kissing along Sherlock's jaw as he holds him close.
"Mm I told you. It's your dream. You can have anything you want." She smiles and leans in to kiss him.
"Please, sir.." He spreads his legs.
"I love you, too.."
He chuckles and smiles.
"Yeah, everything's fine... I'm just ringing to let you know you and Sherlock are uncles."
Dark leads her inside with the others.
He moans loudly and arches, his cock throbbing.
Michael is on the couch with Jean, Benny and Jake.
He blushes and smiles.
He gasps and rocks his hips against John, moaning as he feels John’s erection pressing against his arse. “Tell me how, sir.”
He mumbles softly. "Don't care."
She rocks against him, stirring a bit.
John wraps his legs around Sherlock’s waist.
John’s brow creases as he reads it, deeper with each reading. By the fourth time, his breathing has increased and he’s feeling hot. He can’t decide if he’s elated, angry or terrified. He looks around him in the park.
"Christ.. someone come fuck her with me."
Veronica kisses up her thighs as rubs her clit with her nose.
He blushes brighter. 'Really?'
“Yeah?” She smirks a bit and leads him down to the gym in the basement. Zack is working out, getting ready for his next match.
I'll follow you into the dark
Anthea smiles and leans against the wall as she listens to Lydia sing.
She whines and kisses along his cock. "He'd still fuck you. He'd fuck you as you fucked her. He'd love it."
“Depends on what?” Sherlock asks softly.
He blushes and gasps as Eli finally kisses him, kissing him back desperately.
He smiles and hums softly.
John nods and attaches it to him. He smirks as he gets an idea. He pulls out a huge curved dildo, “ass in the air, little vamp.” He orders.
He blushes and smiles against his lips. "Morning.."
He smiles. "Lets get you home, yeah?"
"I think the winner should get a prize."
He blushes. “Daddy’s waiting.”
He nuzzles them happily.
“My computer is frozen.” The clerk says sheepishly.
Greg hums happily and smiles softly.
Sky mumbles and presses closer.
Sabine looked up, her eyes steely. Her free hand unbuttoning the cuff of her sleeve, she pushed the material up, showing dozens of cigar burns in various stages of healing, some still raw. "I was a business deal." She said, bitterly. "I can't wear dresses because these are all over my arms, chest and back. I was merely another possession."
Mycroft hugs Camille back just as tightly. “I love you Sire.” He says softly, rubbing her back.
"Sky took John, Sherlock, and Turk there last night. They only went into the main room but it's a public sex resort. Any situation you could think of there's a room for it. People watching you. Getting themselves off while watching you." He smirks.
He smiles and kisses her back.
"There are somethings that you aren't supposed to know, I'm sorry. But I'll tell you this, it all works out."
“Yeah. Just been more with men recently.”
He smiles and looks up for a kiss. “I love you too.”
He blushes brightly and nods. "Yes, sir. Can't help myself."
"Such a loud slut."
He moans and nods the best he can, relaxing his throat and slowly taking her length down his throat.
Jean kisses Michael's chest starting to calm down. Sky hums and smiles softly.
He takes shallow, shaky breaths as he tries to calm himself down. His eyes look panicked as they flick around, not really able to focus on anything.
John smiles against his skin. "Anything you want, gorgeous. I'd love seeing my dog tags hang from your glorious neck while I fuck you.." He sucks and bites his neck.
“I don’t like struggling. Every situation has an answer and can be resolved. If you’re going to be my omega that makes you more important than the Work.” Sherlock says and then blinks, never having thought anything would be more important than the work let alone an omega.
Jean blushes as he watches them.
“Sure. If you need space you need space. Sherlock can be a hard person to get along with. You’re no walk in the park either.” Greg teases good naturedly. “But I’d you really want to make things work you need clear boundaries and make your limits known.”
Turk groans. "Deeper."
He bites his lip and frowns. "I don't know, I'm sorry..I.." His breathing picks up again, always afraid of disappointing Mycroft.
"Mm deal."
John scores a few times.
“Yes, Daddy. Please, Daddy. So empty.” She whimpers as she bends over.
Sherlock mewls and bucks his hips. "Collin.."
He gasps as Greg fills him.
"Hot tub?"
He moans and grips his hips, thrusting into him, making sure he hits his prostate.
Greg gasps and whimpers needy.
He smiles happily.
“Yes yes. Fuck me.” Sky moans.
“I’m guessing I’m going to be much much bigger before tonight is over.” Maggie smirks, letting Shelrock help her.
"Let's go walk around the shops." Jean hums.
"Then that's all I need.. You have me, too.. I'm yours.." She blushes and smiles softly.
On the radio
He looked up at Sherlock, horrified, and then down at his hand, his fidgeting bloody left hand, where a ring used to be? Was that… ?
She blushes and smiles. "They were nice, you know. Perky and softy. To bad they tried to kill me." She shrugs.
He steps back and lets another man move closer.
Michael goes in to get his clothes.
Mel shrugs. “I dunno. I just want my babies out already. What would he do?” She bites her lip, knowing John’s a doctor so he has to have some ideas.
‘Yes please.’ She nods. ‘Still super fucking horny. You’d think being stuffed full of 20 or more babies would chill things out but I think it’s making me even more needy.’
“God, you’re fucking loving this aren’t you? Loving being used like a damn whore.” He grins, pressing forward and keeping his cock in her throat.
Sherlock smiles and hums softly as the elevator stops on their floor.
"I wanna hear you say it. I want Daddy to talk really really dirty to his little girl." She whimpers, wishing she could reach her cunt to give herself some relief.
He cries out as he comes hard.
“I’m not leaving him,” Sherlock growled.
Greg goes to do as Sherlock says.
She hums and smiles. ‘You’re a Grandpa.’
He snuggles him and rubs his back.
He strokes his cock in time with her thrusts.
Brent goes to find a vantage point.
Violet shifts a bit so Sherlock can pull out, the other cocks making sure no cum drops out of her. She looks up at Sherlock and strokes his cock. "How long have you wanted to put a baby in Mummy?"
Mycroft moan and rocks back and forth between Cecil and George.
Mark blushes and nods, shifting to start opening himself up.
She takes his hand and sits back down.
Mycroft hums. "Gregory, if you would."
John chuckled and put the plates on the small table. It smelled wonderful. Having only had the sandwich and a few mouthfuls of soup, his mouth watered.
He nods and huddles closer. "I.. I know.."
He whimpers and squirms. "Please!"
"Your eyes are fascinating.”
“Greg!” She gasps and arches sharply, so sensitive.
She blushes and nods.
They pull him close, kissing over his neck.
“Stand and strip for me, baby..”
He mumbles quietly and curls up.
Sherlock smiles softly and holds his brother.
“Swallow, whore.” He smirks and holds his throat, wanting to feel him swallow.
"Getting excited?" He smirks.
"Christ, you're so hard.. I want to watch you fuck him while I fuck his mouth.:"
Sherlock does as he’s directed, thankful for the direction.
Greg hums softly in his sleep as he presses his face to Mycroft's chest.
John sips his tea as he listens, taking it all in. “He cares for you a great deal. Even before you were his responsibility.”
"Mm I'm doing a good job then." She signs and winks.
(See the end of the chapter for
She nods and squeezes his hand. “You don’t have to stay. You can go and travel and do whatever you want. You know where we are. You’re always welcome.”
"Mm, let's get out."
Greg grinds against him and slips his hand into his pants, stroking him.
He hums happily and kisses him back. “Done.” Nina hums as she puts down the marker.
Kia smiles and runs over, cuddling into Sherlock. “Yes, Daddy?” She looks up at him.
"Nervous?"
He smiles and nods.
He moans and kisses him back desperately.
Sherlock smirked.
"I'd send you a few texts at first before sending you pictures to prove my point. I'd tell you how much I want your cock in me. How much I need it."
Sherlock relaxes slightly, nodding. "Alright.. You're right. If he has the same MO, it shouldn't be too difficult to find him."
“Want you down my throat, sir. Love how I choke on your cock.”
He mewls and kisses her back.
“Must be why you like getting tastes.” Margaret giggles.
He smirks. "Eli, can you get hard again? I want to see Sherlock stuffed with both of our cocks."
“That would be brilliant, baby.” He smirks.
**/Anything./ --SH**
Greg rolls his eyes. “I don’t need permission from you. You’re dead. You shouldn’t even be able to speak, you’re just a vile monster that prays on humans.” He marches out of the room, and towards the exit.
“Make me.” Margaret purrs, rubbing her thigh between his legs.
'Make sure Chloe eats, yeah?"
Camille pulls Mycroft into a hug, “Do you want to talk about it now? Or later?” He asks softly.
He rubs her clit gently, his other hand teasing her entrance.
He blushes a bit as he rubs her stomach softly. 'I suppose..'
“God look at you. Impaled on two big hard cocks and basically screaming for more. Might as well leave the front door open at this point and let any bloke that wonders in have your arse.” Violet smirks and pulls his hair.
Turk motions for Fitz to comfort Sky while he goes to heal the man’s burns.
John chuckles and smiles.
He smiles happily and eats more.
Mycroft smiles and pulls him closer for a kiss.
"Oh?"
"That's the problem. I've rather shown my hand. My weaknesses. He'll exploit them. He'll hurt the people I love to hurt me. I'm not worried about me. I'm never worried about me. I'm worried about the damage that's going to hurt everyone because of me." She frowns and drains her glass before filling it again.
Mycroft chuckles and smirks. “Mm I was waiting for her to be empty again. She gets desperate. You’ll see once she starts getting filled tonight. She’ll beg for cock and cum till she passes out then she’ll pick right back up when she’s conscious. If she passes out just let them keep going. She likes that. Makes her feel even dirtier and more whorish. You know the more excited she gets the more she gets knocked up? So keep her horny and we’ll have a lot of babies with unknown daddies on our hands.” He chuckles.
“We haven’t gone out for in a while. Thought something a little extra was appropriate.” John smiles and offers Sherlock his arm as they head to the door.
“Mm you can have ours any time you like.” Cecil kisses his neck.
“Well you said a great many things and I was stupid enough to think you were being candid, but apparently not. Forget it,” John scoffs, embarrassed and walks out of the bathroom.
Violet hums, smirking when she sees Justin and Carol following them.
Greg chuckles and smiles as he sees John get excited. He leans over and kisses his head.
"She's my park friend," Rosie says, turning to wave at one of the girls she's just left. John glances up in time to spot the return wave from a girl who looks much the same age as Rosie. "She moved here with her mum when her dad died. He was in a car accident and they had to move here so her mom could find work."
"Please.. I just want to keep you safe.."
“Mm, some of the higher ups seem a bit sketchy.”
He starts pounding into her, hips snapping roughly. ‘You’re my little breeding bitch.’ He growls.
Pythia smiles softly. “How about I conjure is up a few ‘bog waters’ for old times sake?”
"Yes!" Greg whimpers and submits easily to Sherlock.
“How can one little animal need so much shit?” John asks as he goes to the kitchen to make them tea. He doesn’t ask anymore. Sherlock will eat or drink if he’s given it.
He bites his lip and imagines that he has a dick.
“Watson gave me quite the talking to about my eating habits. It reminded me very much of you.” Sherlock chuckles softly, holding the cafe door open for John.
He gasps and arches a bit. "Ah.." He takes a breath as he tries to relax.
He frowns a bit but nods.
Sherlock reaches up and presses the nurse call button.
"Of course. You should sleep."
He relaxes against her.
"Fuuucckkk!" John cries and throws his arms around Sherlock's neck for support.
Mycroft felt a surge of adoration for the man and smiled, slightly. "You really are everything, rolled up in a very attractive package, Gregory."
"Mm.. Someone's excited."
Mycroft kisses him lightly. "Touch me, Gregory?" He asks, emboldened by Greg's admission. "Want to feel you..."
“Better than a fairy godmother, you are.” Greg chuckles and starts to walk away before stopping. “Hey, Mycroft.” He turns to look at Mycroft. “You busy tonight?”
He cries out as he comes hard.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and nods, feeling it.
He moans needy and rocks against him.
Sherlock blushes and smiles shyly. “I’m glad you like it. Morna helped me fill out like this.”
"Yea alright maybe I am getting sick." Greg sighs.
She blushes brighter and leans in to kiss her deeply.
He smiles and leads them to the bakery.
"Mine. Perfect." He bucks up.
John nods. “Is there anything you’d like to change? Make anything bigger? Smaller?” He asks, keeping his hands on Sherlock’s hips.
He moans loudly as he fills Sky up again, pushing himself to take more of Darius’ cock.
"That's it, slut. Take it." He groans as thrusts into him hard and fast.
“I dunno where Annabelle went. It’s hard for her to be visible for that long.” Lydia hums.
“I won’t say no to a taste.” Greg chuckles, licking his lips after taking a sip of wine.
Mycroft moans and tries to pull his hands forward, using his vampire strength but he can’t move.
Her hands go to his hair and her tits bounce in front of his face as she rides him harder.
He kisses her deeply and starts to thrust.
Eli groans and comes hard.
"You're not allowed to come until then. You're not allowed to touch yourself and no one is allowed to get you off. You are going to wait like a good boy until your finally under me and I tell you that you can let go. Understand?"
He smirks and kisses his neck, turning the vibration up.
Sherlock sobs out a moan and nods, bucking his hips. "Oh god yes.. Please.. Just like that.." Mycroft's expression softens. He goes to sit in John's chair. "Come here, love. Come sit on my lap."
“Should I gather everyone up?” She asks.
He nods and smiles softly. “I dunno if they’re together again.”
"H-hello, Dr Watson."
"John told us he'd been passing as a beta. That was pretty smart of him. But it must have been a lonely life. Never letting anyone get too close to you." Hank says as the car comes to a stop
She smiles softly and nods.
He cuddles against him.
“Fine.” Mycroft finally agrees.
She smiles and nuzzles against him.
No, you're looking into this too hard. He likes Indian food, he got it for himself and simply forgot to be selfish and not get me any.
He moans and comes hard into his mouth.
Jean whines and arches. "You can. I want you to. We have strap ons or Sky could send us into your head."
He blushes and smiles softly.
"Alright. I have to get ready to go to my parent's house for Christmas." She hums and nuzzles him. "Should I go watch the fight?"
John's eyes slip shut, as he gives in to the feeling. He thinks briefly, of how many times he has imagined this, Sherlock's mouth on him. He'd felt bad about it after, thinking Sherlock would never want this. But now... John forces his eyes open again, wanting to take this in with all senses.
Sherlock hums, as he kisses her softly. “Still bright. But better.” He mumbles.
'That's good. I'm glad he's sleeping.'
Greg kisses Mycroft's head softly and sits in the couch leaving room for Sherlock to sit in the middle.
"Good boy.." John kisses his forehead.
John looks to Sherlock before following.
She whines a bit as he takes her away from Sherlock.
He pounds into her, getting close to coming.
She cries out and comes hard suddenly around his fingers always so sensitive for him.
He nuzzles him and hums happily.
He whimpers and moans breathily.
“Let’s talk to Sherlock, I don’t want to do it if he says no.” John says softly.
He blushes and the praise and relaxes more for him.
“Are you sure that’s not because I’m your soulmate or whatever?” John asks. “Are you getting enough from it though? Nutrients or whatever you need?” He asks.
He gasps softly as he tips his head back.
Greg smiles brightly and hugs her back. "Goodnight, big sister."
Sherlock pushes James off of him, crawling away as fast as he can. “John!” He cries out. “John!”
John holds his jaw and rubs his cheek with his thumb. He kisses him again soft and sweet.
He holds him close and kisses him deeply.
"Push into Michael. Look how badly he needs you." Benny kisses and nips at Jean's back.
She smiles and leads him back out to the car just before her parents come out.
He smiles and nods. "I can't believe it.."
“He’s talking about my sealed files.” Sky hums from the back seat.
John hums as he comes in.
He groans as he gets close.
She nods and takes them out, humming happily as she rubs her large belly.
She holds onto him and relaxes. “I get to go home with you and Sky?” She asks quietly.
She giggles and takes them there.
He smirks and thrusts into her mouth, making her gag.
“Christ..” he groans, grinding against her.
Sherlock hurried them away from it all. Once far enough away, Sherlock pulled their masks off. "Are you okay?"
Mycroft lets Sherlock do as he pleases, holding onto his thighs tightly.
“It’s been some time, dear.” Magdala smiles. “You haven’t aged a bit, darling.” Diōnē smiles.
He groans as he finishes filling her.
"Sure. That would be perfect."
'How've you been? I can't believe you're out of the facility.'
He slowly slides his tongue into her mouth, cupping her face.
He blushes brighter as he sees him. “Still want company?”
He pulls him closer and nudges the plug.
He smiles and kisses her back. "You're so cute."
Sherlock hums, leaning closer to kiss his neck so the dealer doesn’t know he’s talking to him. “If I pass, don’t hit.” He mumbles against his neck.
He moans, holding her hips and pulling them back to give him a better angle.
He blushes and kisses her back. "I actually really like the idea.."
He smiles and pulls back a bit to zip his trousers up.
Greg just rolls his eyes. “You always have a choice, always.”
“You’re one to talk being being so deep in my cunt I can nearly feel you in my throat.” Morna laughs.
“How are you doing boys?” Cecil smirks, checking in.
‘Mm. He swallowed my load and is begging to come.’
“We can help you plan everything.” John offers. “With the rituals, will Sherlock need to be there?” He asks.
Sherlock smiles excitedly but tries to appear calm.
She whimpers and moans as she works him over.
He moans loudly and pushes back against her tongue.
Danny looks at the stables. “Hmmm..”
"He's not. I promise. He just doesn't know how to process things like this. He's not upset with you. He loves you. We all do. Please come home."
John holds Sherlock close and sinks his hand into Sherlock’s curls as he deepens the kiss. He knows there’s no one around they have to convince that they’re a couple. He was being selfish that this was all for him and not for an act.
[Already grading papers? You're really taking this teaching thing seriously. How are your students doing?]
Sherlock gives Diōnē a pointed look, wanting her to ask John about pledging herself to Magdala’s child.
She kisses him and straddles his lap, moaning as she sinks down onto his big cock.
He waits for Collin to finish.
“Based on the temperature outside and your rocky day I chose roast beef with potatoes and carrots.” Sherlock shows him the pan with the gorgeously arranged meat and vegetables.
Benny licks his lips. "I'll go first I suppose."
"Mm she was nearly jumping up and down despite the hip replacement. Go tell Greg." Sherlock smiles.
“Please, please, Mikey, fill me. Need it. Need your cum.” He begs, fucking Violet harder.
He thrusts his fingers before adding a third one. "I love that I can make that big brain of yours stop working."
“I love you.. So much..”
“G’morning..”
'Mm, my dream drag show.'
"Sky.."
Sherlock smiles and takes his cigarette, stealing a drag from it.
Sky comes back out dressed in her usual layers hiding her body. She goes over and kneels on the floor in front of John and Sherlock on the couch. "Johnny.. I'm fine. I promise.." She says softly and rubs John's knee.
"Yes yes!"
"How come you don't come see us more often?" Elijah smiles, holding Sky. "Mm how come you don't come see me?" Sky pouts, wrapping her legs around his waist. "I asked you first." He chuckles. "I asked you second." She smiles. "I have en empire to run." He smiles. "Well so do I." She giggles.
Greg hums, rubbing Riley’s hips. He pulls back a bit as Ms. Cheyenne comes over. “Mm. A blast.”
"It'll be okay."
"Yes it is." She nods and smiles.
Mel blushes and smiles, turning around before walking back into the changing room.
“Mm and I bet you filled her up with nice big load, didn’t you?” She purrs, stroking Greg’s cock teasingly slow.
He hums softly. "Such a good girl.."
"You're so perfect."
She whines and arches.
He soon falls asleep as well.
Turk falls asleep with her.
“That’s it, my Sire. You’ve been so strong. Well done.” He talks to her, hoping it would help. He doesn’t looks around, keeping his eyes focused on Camille in front of him.
George groans as he looks Greg over, his eyes drifting down to his cock. His mouth waters and he feels his cock twitch with interest.
"Wanna be a good boy for Daddy.."
"Mm perfect."
"Bossy omega." Sherlock stuck out his tongue and started to clean up.
“Fine I think. I can’t feel anything yet.” Sherlock hums.
"It was a bee festival. Greg and Myc surprised me with it."
“Yes, please.” Sherlock smiles. “You seem like a better Sire than Camille. Better at listening and more diplomatic.”
She gasps and pulls her close.
“He really is.” She nods. “He picked the biggest stallion there. And then he picked others so I could work my way up.” She blushes.
“Yes. Please.” She whimpers and pushes two fingers into Violet. “You’re so wet.” She blushes and licks her lips. “Can I taste you? Please?”
"Enjoy the party, dearest?" Sky hums and smiles at him as she comes over.
Greg blushes as he hears the moan and starts to get hard.
Sherlock smirks back at him. "Mycroft should know better. Lestrade's turned him into a fool."
Sally bites her lip, feeling like she contributed to making Michael upset.
Sherlock leans against the bar.
He takes it, feeling a bit embarrassed.
He whimpers and nods the best he can.
"He thinks I'm like them. Like him and Moriarty. He thinks I want revenge, power, blood. They raised me to be like that. You showed me better, Crofty. You showed me the light. All I want now is peace.."
Violet smirks and leads them all to the others.
"Yup." Benny nods and smiles.
The car soon stops outside Baker Street. "Home." Sherlock smiled.
"How domestic." Mycroft picks up Sherlock's chart and browse through it. "It seems like you can go home tomorrow evening. Tell me Sherlock what possessed you to leap in front of a bullet?"
“John, the whole point is that the whole world thinks Sherlock is dead except Jim. Jim wants Sherlock to be his plaything. His and his alone. The funeral is to prove to the world that Sherlock is dead and that he’s going to play the game. We’re taking down the omegas they took. Not just the ones Jim and Jacob used personally but the ones they sold. If we can show that the omegas were sold it’s illegal and we can arrest all parties involved for human trafficking.”
He smiles and rubs his hand.
"This is.. nice." He smiles softly.
Uoooh
Sherlock whimpers softly and straddles Mycroft.
"But why the hell is he talking about a date?"
He gasps and moans, rocking his hips a bit. "I-Its not enough, sir.. Please."
"Mm, hi.."
“Mm.. what about this one?” He walks over to one of the sports cars, sitting on the hood.
"Thank you." John signs to Sherlock and Greg. "My pleasure." Greg signs and smiles.
He frowns as he looks at the screen, recognizing Sherlock's burner phone's number.
"In the d-desert?"
He smiles and kisses him.
She moans and arches.
She rocks against Anthea, whimpering and mewling.
Sky licks his face gently and waddles closer to him, pressing against his side wondering if he’ll figure out it’s her. “Yeah. Looks like she needs some tlc. Poor thing doesn’t know what to do with herself. She’s so big she can barely move but she still needs more.” Eli licks his lips.
He smiles happily. "I can't believe it."
“You need to eat.”
“I know. I know it is. I’m happy but I can’t stop crying.” Sherlock wipes his face uselessly.
He licks his lips and smirks. "Where did you get that?"
“Mm yeah. I need to know where all the top secret government testing facilities are.” Sky looks at him before going back to the book. “I didn’t want to go through your head before asking.”
She smirks and nips at his lips.
He tips his head up to kiss him, smiling happily.
He whistles when he sees him.
Nigel paces out front of the camper like a caged animal and all of the others give him a wide space.
“I should also probably tell you why I needed to come here today.” Sally bites her lip. “You know how Sky can shift? Apparently I can too.”
He whimpers and moans at the stretch. "Please.."
Turk leads them to a room, having set up a little clinic in the mansion.
She smirks a bit.
He blushes a bit as he takes it.
Sherlock giggles and kisses Morna’s cheek. “Is that all cum?” He asks.
"What do you mean watch you?" He frowns a bit.
"As you wish." Richard nods and leaves for the garden.
**Christ, I wish I could come over there and finish you off.. Suck you off and have you come down my throat. I'm sure you would taste amazing.. --MH**
He moans louder around George, pushing his arse back for more.
He smiles softly and rubs his back.
“Mm..” He hums against Greg’s lips, his hands moving to unbutton Greg’s shirt.
"Good." She smiles.
He smiles and opens his eyes a bit as she comes in.
He hesitates before he opens the stall door.
“Mm yeah. He has a lovely mummy kink and he loves to suckle.” She smiles softly, running her fingers through his hair.
Michael leans in to kiss her.
"Hmph." Sherlock breathes. "Scared of a charlatan with a knife, or scared I was going to replace you just like that?" He mused. "I've done some questionable things to apprehend suspects, John, but it's all in the name of the work." He turned his head to look at John. "It means nothing like you do to me."
He keeps his thrusts slow and deep, rubbing his prostate each go.
He rubs his back gently.
He smiles and kisses his neck as he stands behind him.
"Anything in particular you want for breakfast?" He asks as he gets dressed for the day.
“Thank you.”
He lets out small gasps as Brian rubs his prostate, already shaking against him. "You can watch me anytime. Please. Want you to. I love an audience. Gets me off." He mewls a bit, tipping his head back for him. "'M already so desperate for you. You should let me out of my cage so I can show you, Daddy. Sky's got the key."
Sherlock smiles and continues, working the kinks out of John's back.
"Mm and you're still plugged with all their cum from earlier." She licks his her lips.
He moans and comes hard into him.
“Fa-ow bla-th?” Greg says softly.
“He decided to carry them.” John says softly. “He’s safe and well looked after. Come see for yourself.”
He whimpers and mewls, rocking back against Sherlock.
"Yeah," Harry breaths as she clamps her teeth down on Anthea's scent gland.
“I want to take him home.” Magdala states, knowing Mycroft knows she means the Watson castle in Ireland. “It’s time he knows where he comes from.”
"God, look at you." He groans.
He mewls and licks his hand clean.
"He says he's not leavening the flat. It has to be a pretty good one."
Fitz smirks when he sees them. “Mm. What have we got there?”
“Sounds good. We can see if anyone at home wants to go to the club as well.” John smiles.
She hums happily, so excited to be finally going home.
He bites his lip and nods. "A-Alright.."
He smiles and blushes, turning to lay his head in his lap.
John follows Sherlock.
The man smirks and grips Zack's hair as he fucks his mouth. Chloe fucks Zack harder and hits his prostate.
‘You’ll be getting at least eight from me.’
"Okay.." She mumbles, eyes already closing.
He frowns and nods. "I'll give her anything she needs."
She smiles and nuzzles him.
“Pool.” Kia mumbles, exhausted.
He kisses his forehead and holds him. "Love you.."
"Will you still love me when I have no hair?" She hums softly and leans back against him.
"Need my cock, slut?"
Dr. Monroe takes it all in, making notes as Sherlock speaks. “So you were worried Sherlock would leave again so you left first?” She asked John.
He nods. “Thank you for coming with me.”
Sherlock arches up, moaning loudly.
He smirks a bit and leads him to Violet.
“Would you mind? I swear I have the tightest cunt you’ve ever fucked.” She licks her lips as her cunt drips around the plug.
Mycroft leans against John and kisses him softly.
He leans in and kisses him after rinsing his hair.
Sherlock laughs quietly to himself. "And what proclivities would that include, *Captain Watson*?" He teased, a challenging tone in his voice.
Sherlock moans loudly as Cecil pushes into him. “Oh yes, Daddy.”
Mycroft has a car waiting for them.
He kisses her back. “Love your milk, Mommy..”
"Mycroft's being difficult on purpose." Sherlock sighed.
He groans and arches as he's filled. "Love feeling full.."
"I'm busy, Sherlock." She sighs as she sees Turk come in.
“Easy, pet. Just breathe. Relax and let go.” Cecil strokes him slowly with George’s thrusts.
He holds her close and nuzzles her.
She hums softly and holds him.
“Oh god, I’m in trouble.” John groans.
“Right this way.” Margaret leads them up to their room, right next to Lucile’s and Nathaniel’s rooms. “I’ll have you and Leona anchor yourselves later. The castle has a habit of changing itself on new people until it gets comfortable with you being here. If you need anything just call my name and I’ll know. Dinner is in a few hours.” Margaret smiles softly and opens the bedroom door for them, gorgeous and fully furnished.
Michael blushes and nods, shifting to take off his trousers, leaving him in his pants and shirt.
“Indeed.” Greg chuckles softly.
“This is Eli. He’s one of my partners.” Sky smiles as Eli comes over.
"Good."
"Love...omega...John..." Sherlock panted.
“Mm if you’re going to get me pregnant you need to feed as well. Keep your strength up.” Magdala smirks.
He gasps softly and whimpers, arching.
Sherlock blushes brightly and hides in his mug
“I can see that.” Maggie smirks, watching the slick run down Crystal’s legs as she pulls out the long dildo.
'I.. Eli told me he wants us all to stay here. Permanently.'
Mycroft smirks and sucks on his neck. "Such a slut so early in the morning. How do you manage it?" John chuckles and strokes Sherlock's cock. "Mm well he is brilliantly talented." Greg kisses Sherlock while Collin keeps working his mouth on him.
"How are they?" Cynthia smiles.
“If this bond isn’t something that you want you should make it clear to everyone now.” John frowns, looking down into his mug.
"Mm, I think your arse first.."
“Mm I want him to go down to the basement where the inside garden is and mist everything with the special solution while we go get dressed to go out to the land.” Margaret smiles.
Diōnē nods. “That’s the hard thing. I’m like their mother and now... they’ll be my parents.” She frowns. “I don’t know if they want that.”
"Mm?" He hums and nips at his lips.
He smiles. "Mm, we should get dressed." He hums as his pager goes off.
They go to the center of camp.
He hums and smiles. "A holiday sounds lovely."
“Oh umm sometimes.” Margaret nods as she cleans the stall. “Apparently it’s part of my blood line though. We have extra strength and healing abilities so we hardly ever get sick or injured.”
He kisses and sucks at her neck, marking her.
She mewls and whimpers, arching into her hands. "Feels so good.. never had this much cum or anyone this deep.."
Cecil moans breathily into the kiss, groaning at his words. He gasps as Mycroft starts to ride him, rocking his his a bit.
"Mm we should probably get out." He kisses him as John and Carol come in to shower.
He blushes and moans desperately, his cock leaking from the praise.
Violet gasps and mewls as she starts to go, aiming for her mouth and face.
“Want to stay or are you ready to go home?” She smirks, knowing as soon as she gets home Dark and Darius will smell all the other men who fucked Her tonight. She knows they won’t be able to help themselves and they’ll knot her over and over again till they’re satisfied they’ve filled her up properly.
"Of course he will.." He says not so convincingly.
"Shut up. You're fucking incredible. So bloody sexy." He groans and kisses him.
He looks up at him as he takes him deeper.
He smiles softly and kisses him gently, having missed this intimacy with him.
"I love you, too.. So much.." He kisses him softly tenderly showing him how irreplaceable he is.
He blushes brightly and breathes heavily against his chest. "Can I..?" He looks up, his eyes trained on Sherlock's lips.
“Yeah.” She giggles and smiles. “I’m not actually sure whose baby I’m pregnant with right now.”
“God I love you.”
Sherlock laughed and smiled. "Tempting."
He smiles and turns off the shower.
She snuggles him and kisses his head.
"Yes! Kai so nice!"
He smiles softly and brings her hand up to kiss it.
He moans loudly as he comes hard onto the floor.
Turk smiles and rubs her back.
“We should go up to the house so you can say hi.”
Sherlock lets out a small sob and nods.
Clark smiles, leading John into one of the hotels.
He blushes as he kisses him back before taking his seat.
Mycroft moans and rocks into his hand, getting close.
He blushes and kisses him back.
He deepens the kiss, reaching down to stroke him.
“Do better. That’s all I ask.” Crystal nods.
Turk hums happily and smiles.
He moans breathily as he comes into his hand.
"Hi.." He smiles softly.
He smiles softly and hums.
She giggles and smiles, washing her hair.
"Everyone makes obvious mistakes. Theirs are just easier to catch, even if you aren't a genius."
"Why's it green?" She asks, "is it bad?'
He groans against him, nipping at his lips.
She smiles and pets her wolf pup.
Mycroft gasps as he's choked while being pounded into, pressing his face into the bed and reaching back to spread his arse cheeks for him.
“Of course, Sir. I can’t leave you to suffer now can I?” She purrs, going to his desk and bending over it. “Well, Sir?” She asks, her skirt ridding up her hips just enough to show that she’s not wearing any panties.
Greg chuckles softly and pulls back a bit to wipe his face. "Sorry, I know."
Mycroft blushes brightly at the praise, completely submitting. "Yours, Daddy. All yours."
“Good girl..”
Rosie stares at him for a second, looking a bit uncomfortable as she says, "we were going to go see the dinosaurs again."
“You made her an unwilling accomplice to the murder of countless women.” Crystal frowns.
Sherlock bites his lip. "Fine."
He hums happily and melts.
He smiles softly. "Everything is perfect." He repeats.
He gasps and moans breathily. "Daddy.."
He whimpers and moans. "Please.."
He nuzzles him softly.
He kisses him back softly.
He kisses him and smiles softly. "Love you, honey.." He mumbles against his lips.
"Please.." He whimpers and opens his legs.
Sherlock hums as he wakes. He nudges Mycroft.
Mycroft smiles softly and pulls him closer, kissing him softly.
“We were wondering about you guys.” Wanda nods. “Yeah like of your group is only guys?” Morgan asks.
He cries out desperately as he comes hard into her hand.
He blushes brightly and nods. "God yes."
"You promised to talk to me before you went off to do things."
“Mm suck me first. It helps me think.” John smirks and stands in front of Sherlock.
"Mm lets go out. I wanna take you out." He smirks.
John nods and gets the things out for the donation. He watches his blood flow into the bag. “My mother’s maiden name is Magdala. You’ll find her research under than name. Her early work was more in occult disappearances. Then it morphed into more of a refined historical account of how magic, witchcraft, and religion function in society.”
“Nothing would make me happier.” Greg takes his hand and kisses his knuckles gently.
“We’ll get them back. I promise.” Sherlock hangs up the phone and takes John back inside.
John gets the text and thinking the park is a better place to meet, putting them on neutral ground, he agrees to meet him. Twenty minutes later, he's approaching Sherlock, hands tucked deeply in his pockets and a scarf around his neck to keep off the chill from the wind.
Mycroft bites his lip and smiles at Morna. “Morna, is it?” He asks. “Sherlock told me you’re pregnant with his child.” He says softly.
"A bit. I don't feel like using a butter knife to cut out my organs any more."
"Mm, you can stay after the whore house closes if you'd like."
Zack hums softly as he washes Pete’s chest, soapy fingers gliding over his nipples.
He kisses him back, smiling.
He grins and kisses her back.
Sherlock gets up and follows him. "What did you want?"
John finishes drying off before going to get dressed.
“The door.” Sky frowns. “They had Nina in a room made of this weird material and I couldn’t see her. They must have something like that with them. Shielding me from seeing them.” She rubs her hands over her face, the girls whining and squirming on her chest sensing her frustration.
Sky shifts easily into her cat form, nearly as scared as he is. ‘Better?’ She asks as she steps out of the robe.
“I.. Really?” Samuel blushes brightly, never having anyone say something nice or even positive about his cock.
He breathes a bit heavily, relaxing against the couch.
He whimpers and tilts his head back. "Yess.. We've been trying to find people to play with for so long.."
He hums. "Eli, come over here."
Sky nods and transforms back. She waits for them to collar and leash her, leaking a puddle onto the floor under her.
"I love you.."
Mycroft moans and makes fists with his hands and curls his toes. His cock throbs in the cage, needing air and friction.
“Wanna go eat cookies in the hot tub?”
"I know she's coming with us. I mean, is there someone who can stay in a room with her at the hotel." John explains. "I don't imagine she wants to sleep in a bed with a seven year old who kicks and steals all the blankets."
Jake blushes and nods, following orders.
"Alright." She smiles back and lets him lead.
He smiles brightly, happy that he's able to show his affection in public.
He moans loudly and bucks his hips.
He grips his shirt tighter with trembling fists. "I-it's not.. I just.. I just couldn't deal with the fact that you and Greg would have such huge discussions without John and I.." He mumbles.
Sky drives and drops Anthea and Lydia off at their flat since Lydia has to work the next day. She's about half way to the carnival when her phone rings. "Crofty could you answer my phone and put it on speaker please?"
Sherlock smiles softly and kisses him softly. "I love you, Mikey.."
He nips at the mark, rocking his hips against him.
Mycroft sits next to Sherlock. "What's going on in there?"
Leave a comment and let us know what you think!
“We’re going to have some fun tonight.” Greg smirks.
He kisses his head. "I've got a tight grip on reality,
Pete blushes.
He growls and grips her hips, pushing into her roughly. He starts to pound into her.
Cecil cleans them up. “Want me to pull out? Or plug you?” He asks softly.
“Sounds good to me.” John holds him close.
He smiles softly and nods. "Alright. I'll be down there, then."
He kisses him back desperately, grinding against his hand.
Jean blushes and melts.
“Mm?”
"Whenever you want." He nuzzles him.
“All yours, love. All for you.” Greg groans, getting close.
"There's nowhere else I'd rather be.."
John wakes to an empty bed and immediately gets up. “Sherlock? Love?”
He smiles. "Mm, yes."
She whimpers and arches into his mouth, trying to push back against him for more.
The man nodded and went to order. Sherlock turned back to John. "He'll come back with a ginger ale for you... I think he'll have roofied the drinks to make us more pliable."
“Mm good boy.” He kisses him and pushes into him.
She slowly gets off his face.
“Good girl.” Greg groans, holding her hips.
“Mm. Not gonna let me out, huh?”
"Okay.. Whatever you need I'm here.."
He thrusts harder, leaning down to bite her neck.
He smiles and holds her close.
He smiles and rubs her back softly.
She bites her lip to hold back a whine as she watches her husband fuck this greedy cock slut. “And now you’re going to make her carry your babies as well? As she also carries your son’s litter?” She asks, smelling Leo’s litter on Sky.
John blushes and smiles. “Thank you.”
A big door slides open. "Pardon the inconvenience, Ma'am." A man bows to Sky. "Mm." Sky hums, walking past the man.
Greg relaxes. “I probably should have put all this on you so suddenly.”
“I love you too. So much.”
Short chapter is short. We don't plan out chapter lengths. Just split them where it feels right. Tune in for more tomorrow!
"76 year old male. Got called for cardiac arrest from the nursing home." The paramedic reports as Lydia hops onto the gurney and pumps the man's chest, starting CPR as his heart gives out again. "Arrested twice in the field. The orderlies at the home said he was denying his heart medication." The other paramedic says as they wheel the gurney in while Lydia keeps up CPR.
"Do you want to roll the dough balls in the sugar while I finish my drink?" He smirks and mixes the dough.
Martha gasps and moans, rocking against him. “Oh fuck, yes.”
James groans as he keeps trusting into him.
Yay new chapter!
“I love fucking you.” He groans.
Greg whimpers needy into the kiss and John smirks.
He moans and pushes back against him.
She smirks and stands. "Come along." She leads him up to bed.
Greg blushes and smiles at Sherlock.
He smirks and turns Sherlock around. He pushes Sherlock down over the deal and takes off his tie, using it to bind Sherlock's hands. He takes out the plug and thrusts three fingers into him after he pushes his trousers and pants down.
He gasps and moans breathily. "Please.."
"She's asking for help.. This is the first time I've ever denied help to someone before.. It's.. Against my nature.."
John thrusts into him and waits varying the amounts of time between each thrust. John is still and hasn't moved in ages because Sherlock is so close to the edge.
He blushes and looks down at his empty plate.
John blushes and his cock twitches with interest. "You can do whatever you lot want with me. As long as it ends with me being covered and filled with cum and piss."
‘This place does have a strange energy.’ Sherlock taps back.
Greg hums softly and pulls him closer.
He blushes and nods. "That would be good.."
He shifts his hips a bit against him.
"Oh, I'm used to being in the background, dear." Sabine smiled. "Please, don't feel guilty on my behalf."
He groans and bites his lip. “Not gonna be dominant?”
She pulls her down and cuddles her.
He smiles softly and rubs his back.
"Oh god.. fuck me, Daddy. Fill me with you cum."
He giggles and looks up for a kiss.
“Yeah? Want us to put babies in you, darling?” Steve smirks, rocking his hips. “Want is to make you fuller, baby?” Cecil kisses his neck, rocking with Sherlock.
Sky giggles softly and smiles. ‘Like your new running space?’
"You're so fucking handsome. Oh fuck yes. You feel so good. I love the way you feel over me. I love it. I love you." She moans and puts a knee between his legs so they can grind against each other better.
"You have a very nice back. Did I ever tell you that? Well you have a very nice everything." She giggles softly as she massages his lower back.
“Good. Vendors should be here soon.” Crystal nods. “How are they?” She smiles.
He whimpers and nods. "Please.. I need it.."
“Maybe they’ll pick their own. Pups gravitate very easily to what they like.” Joann smiles softly, she can’t help but smile every time she sees John’s belly getting bigger than the day before.
He whimpers softly and nods. “I.. w-wanna be taken, dominated. Please. Need it.”
"We can go tomorrow." Sky smirks and kisses him.
She arches and moans loudly, eyes closed in pleasure.
He bites his lip. “I can do it.”
“Good boy.” John yawns tiredly, rubbing his face.
He kisses her back. "I love you.."
“I’ll provide enough heat for both of us.” Greg hums. “Yes I do like it.”
Mycroft smirks and mouths at his cock through his trousers, trying to pull a sound from Greg. He digs his nails into his thighs as he licks up his length.
“I could get you a plug? Or would you rather I stayed?” He nuzzles him.
“Mm first I’m going to put a cock cage on you because I know how excited you get when you suck cock.” John smirks.
“Of course.” Leona smiles softly and gets everything situated.
“Mm, I’d love to.”
"Alright," John says while he continues to soothe his mother's hair. "We'll go through as many people as it takes until you find someone who you're comfortable with."
“George!” Collin catches him before he falls.
"Stroke yourself for me."
He whimpers at the praise and kisses him back needy.
Sherlock blushes a bit and squeezes John’s thigh. “Hamish.” He smirks.
“The creator has abilities?” She blinks.
Mycroft nods and closes his eyes, he drops his head, looking down at Camille’s lap. “If you do decide to leave Sire, we will need some help setting up a system before you leave.” He explains softly.
He smirks, pushing his fingers deeper.
"Seven." She smiles, dressing plainly knowing Veronica is going to dress her for the show later.
She whimpers and whines softly, getting wet for him as she watches his cock.
Samuel smiles happily, it was a perfect gorgeous day for a ride.
Harry rolls her eyes and looks anywhere else.
He leans in to kiss her neck.
"Ah, so that's where it comes from." John teased, gently.
“Mm you’ve got some skills, slut. Most whores usually vomit in my cock by now.” Dorian praises, leaking down his throat. Eric smirks and sparks Sherlock. He keeps Sherlock on his knees and makes him sit on his heels, tying ropes around his folded legs to keep them folded and spread. He smirks and puts a vibrator in the ropes, having it pressed against Sherlock’s clit as he continues to spank him.
Sherlock grinds against Greg as he dances, his own cock throbbing.
James hums and starts to wash him off.
“Yeah?” John smirks and drinks.
“Did you already spy out a hidden corner?” John chuckles softly.
John gripped his cane tightly in his hand while holding out his mobile as the man approached.
Sherlock moans as he tastes himself.
“You can’t stick your tongue down someone else’s throat, you twat!” John frowns.
"Fuck me, Benny. Please." He moans against his lips.
John, It has been thirty-five hours and forty-six minutes since you left Baker Street. All is still well. Rosie was fussy last night because you weren’t here to give her goodnight kisses but I made it up to her by giving her extra kisses and reading her storybook twice at her request. I don’t know how children can listen to the same stories over and over again and still be as interested the hundredth time as they were the first but I digress.
He leans down to kiss her deeply, moaning against her.
He comes hard filling John as he begs.
She giggles and kisses him.
John comes back down in his pajamas. He sits heavily on the couch and rubs his eyes.
'Mm I love the way you hold onto me.' She hums in his head and smiles.
Eli smirks and pulls him close, kissing him deeply.
He nuzzles him back, holding them both close.
“Okay.” Edgar smiles and nods.
He stays pressed against him, thankful that he was safe.
“Forever. I love you, John.”
He rocks back against him. “That’s right.. fuck Daddy.. make Daddy come on your cock.”
He presses their foreheads together. "I love you.. I love you.. I love you.."
Sherlock catches a scent, it’s old, probably from the night before. He can smell the husband and the wife but there’s a third scent. He growls, sniffing around the room.
“Yes I do, Mum. Dad was screwing Mrs. Collins next door. It had nothing to do with you. Or us.” John frowns.
"I can come without you even having to touch me." Greg blushes. "But I do want to see those perfect lips around my cock."
"Sky?"
Sherlock blushes brightly and scoots closer to John.
Nina giggles and follows Danny around.
"Poor thing. You look like you're starving. You need something to eat, don't you?" She rubs her pussy teasingly.
He smirks and presses her against the bed. "Mm, maybe we'll tie you up."
He smiles softly. "I love you."
John smiles. “Of course not.”
John smiles. “Though it will get us to having more fun later. You know after the... action, can you just draw lines on me, and kiss my body. Something repetitive. I keep feeling like about to fall into this sort of... bliss state, but I can never manage to get there.” He frowns.
He blushes brighter and leans in to kiss him, keeping it teasing.
"I'll talk to you when you get back, yeah?" He chews on his lip, still trying to hold himself together.
He chuckles and kisses him back. "Go get them so they can eat.." He nuzzles him.
John frowns and holds him closer. “I’m sorry, love. My experience with religion is definitely not universal unfortunately.”
He gasps against his lips, whimpering when he pulls away.
He smiles shyly and nuzzles against him.
He nuzzles him and curls around him.
Morna smiles, using the last spare piece of her god like powers, that was being used to fuck or carry her babies, to climb out of the pool, her face falls into Mycroft’s crotch before she couldn’t be bothered to move.
"Stress bakes? That doesn't sound too good."
He nuzzles him softly and hums.
He moans louder as he gets close.
In the sound of the sea
Mycroft still fights him on it. "I can't let you come. Sherlock would kill me if anything happened to you."
John smiles. "C'mere." He asks, softly.
“Oh I am. Want you to relax first. Immersed.” He smiles softly and puts the blindfold in him. He leans in and kisses him softly.
"Yeah of course." He nods and goes to get what Michael asked for.
“It had gotten pinned in the wreck. It’s still there but there’s severe nerve damage.”
“No. Less than an hour.” Sherlock kisses his head.
He hums softly and smiles tiredly. "I love you, too.."
Sky whines softly at the larger plug but soon stretches to get used to it.
“You like him.” Greg grins.
"You're brilliant."
He lets out a soft chuckle. "It's okay. I just wanted to make sure you're okay."
“Everywhere.” Greg whispers. “Your stomach your thighs, your back, anywhere you’ll allow me.”
"Yeah?"
He smiles softly and holds her close. 'Absolutely..'
"My.." He kisses his head and rubs his back.
She dips one of her fingers down, sliding into her to the first knuckle.
“Mm yeah yeah.” John kisses him back.
"Rules are, the first person to talk shop gets cake shoved into their face. Mum said so."
She giggles and smiles.
“I suppose we’ll just have to see then.” Sherlock hums.
He groans and squeezes her tits gently.
He chuckles and kisses his forehead. "As you wish." He smiles. George comes into the sitting room a few minutes later looking grumpy.
Carol hands Danny over to Greg. Danny giggles and fists Greg's shirt in his little hands as he looks at him.
“Christ.” He rubs his hand over his face.
She blushes brightly as he calls her baby girl, letting him look at her all he wants since she’s been naked this whole time having completely given up wearing clothes.
Greg's prick aches but he ignores it. "Y-you're so tight." He rubs over his prostate again.
“Letting them have a say will make them feel like they have a voice so yes.” Crystal nods. “Diplomacy.”
He blushes brightly at the pet name and cries out as Greg hits his prostate. His thighs start to tremble as he gets close. "Please tell me I can come, Daddy! Please let me come!" He begs.
She puts her laptop down and lays in bed, pressing against him. 'I'm sorry.'
Leona nods. “I understand. After the birth, should I being raising her like any other child?” She asks.
“Anything you want, love.”
*Good for her. You can’t expect her to clean up after you all the time especially the creepy crawly things.-SH*
"I love you both.."
He smiles and sits up, leaning over to kiss him.
"How's it going?" Sky smirks as she strolls out to the pool.
He chuckles. "You can borrow my coat."
She caresses his faces and runs her fingers through his hair.
He smiles and nods.
Greg strips and takes off John's cuffs. He pulls him down by his ankles so he's laying on the bed. He kneels between his legs and moves the plug as he turns it up.
"Promise.." Greg yawns too.
**We will. –SH**
He smiles. "I think just food."
“Just breathe, love.” John keeps the slow pace.
"Mm. Think you will be ready for another round when we get home?"
“Mm of course, baby.” He nuzzles him.
“Needy fucking slut.” They pull him back on his cock as they slam into him, close to coming.
“I’ll pay for everything. You keep the insurance money and start over.” Anthea nods.
“You’re doing great.” He smiles and nods.
Greg bites his lip and takes a step back, going to the kitchen to grab something to drink.
Hopefully tomorrow's will be better.
"Mm just full of surprises, aren't you?" She climbs into his lap and kisses him.
Leona smiles. “I don’t think you’ll let me. But honestly, apart from the pain, I like it. I like seeing her past, it’s so vibrant and colourful.” She explains.
“What do they say?”
“When my shots arrive I’ll make you some tea and toast.” Sherlock relaxes and turns towards John.
“Hardly.” Greg chuckles, buttering Mycroft’s toast.
She smiles softly as she listens to him.
"Oh fuck yes." She moans loudly, loving how he knows exactly what she needs.
He cuddles him.
Greg groans and lowers his hands down to over her arse cheeks. “You’re pretty.”
He clears his throat and nods. “Ah, yes, sorry. Enjoy.”
"I'll do better. I promise, Crofty.."
"Mm if more cops looked like you I'd get arrested more often." He smirks.
Michael smiles happily as he watches.
Sherlock looks at the time. “Twelve minutes.” He hums. “I suppose my parents could. If we have pups your heat will be delayed until they’re weaned.”
He moans around the cock in his mouth as the other man hits his prostate again and again.
‘Whatever you want, Master. You know my holes are yours to do what you want with.’ She says shyly.
He hums. "Mm. How about we go get ready and I'll take you out on a nice date?"
He slowly licks his way to her cunt.
He nods and smiles a bit. "I will."
Crystal moans and arches as she knocks on Maggie and Johns door.
Chloe blushes and smiles.
Lydia smiles and goes up to John, “you remember me.” She beams.
He blushes and nods, testing the ties.
"Don't hold back.. Not with me.."
She arches and comes hard, squirting around him.
“Fine. Toilet?”
"Mm.. We'll have the best ceremony.."
“Right.” John empties his pocket and dumps the contents in the duffle.
"Come for me, baby.." He moans and strokes him.
Greg offers his hand to Mycroft. "Dance with me?"
Sherlock stands. “John and I are going to go to bed. I’m hungry and we’re still tired from traveling.” He smiles at Lydia.
He groans. “You always feel so good.”
Mycroft chuckles and has his driver take him to work.
He blushes as he pulls back a bit to look up at him. “Erm.. sorry..” He apologizes for being so close.
John nods and follows him out to the bar.
"I miss you, too. A lot. How is Benny? Jean?" She smirks. "How is Jacob?"
Jean hums softly and smiles.
Greig smiles and fucks Morna harder, pushing deep into her. “Then let’s rectify it.” He growls.
"Makes my hangovers less painful.." He dips his head to kiss Sherlock's head.
Sky frowns and nods. “I’ve had other successful pregnancies since then. I just never got over that first one. When I’m pregnant I’m always on the offensive. As if I’m waiting to be attacked again. Which I know I’m not. I just.. I don’t want to fail again.” She shakes her head, tearing up.
“Definitely.” She smiles.
He smirks. "Mm.. If you're still up for it."
"My soon-to-be wife.." He mumbles softly.
John frowns before smiling. “My mum, she’s trying for a baby. She’s a witch, I’m sure she’s heard of you. If you want, you can ask her, I’m sure she’ll say yes.” He smiles.
"What about John? How long with the surgery be?"
He presses back against him. "I need it! I need it so bad.. Please."
“Brilliant. I’ll put your cum to good use.” She smirks.
She nods and goes to room 3.
Sherlock reads over Camille’s shoulder. “I should explain.” He whispers as they got to an article about World War 1.
"Mm good boy. Getting nice and excited for me." He praises and nips at his lips happily.
He leans forward and latches onto her neck, dragging his teeth over her throat.
‘See? He’s nice.’ She purrs as Sherlock pets her.
"Christ.."
Mycroft blushes a bit and smiles, looking back at Greg. He leans against him and kisses his jaw. "Mm."
"Of course, love.."
"That would be great, yeah." He smiles at Sherlock as they begin walking down the road. They've made it about a block before John takes Sherlocks hand and pulls him along to a nearby alley. Out of sight from anyone who might be watching, he swings Sherlock around and presses him back up against the brick building. He pins him there with his body, lips crashing against the other man's mouth.
He nods and goes to let the others know.
He swallows eagerly.
"Good to know." Jean laughs.
Sherlock laughed. “He loves that dog.”
Greg smiles as they get settled on the beach, leaning back onto his elbows. “It’s beautiful here.”
John palms his aching cock. **Only you could make me this fucking desperate while hooked up to all these damned machines tracking all my fucking vitals.--JW**
John chuckles. “It’s magic, you’re not the only one showing off here.” He smiles. “Have you ever measured how fast you can run?” He asks.
Carol smiles and nods, taking her hand.
Sky grits her teeth. She uses her connection to Sherlock to talk to him through his mind. 'Lockey, don't listen to them. They're lying. You know they're lying. We're going to get you. I promise we'll be there soon. I'm so sorry.' She floors it slamming Mycroft and Greg back into their seats.
He smiles and tips his head towards George. 'Him?'
John takes a deep breath and nods. He gets up and leaves cash on the countertop for his untouched drink before heading back up to the room. He walks right up to Sherlock and pulls him down by the back of his neck. “Please, god. Let me be right.” He whispers and kisses Sherlock, pouring everything he can into it.
He smiles and tips his head up to kiss him again. "I love you."
He pulls her on top of him, being careful of her stomach.
He smiles and hums.
He blushes and smiles, kissing him back.
"I've never put so much thought into it, since I was a child. I mean, every parent wants their children to procreate, continue the bloodline..." He swallows. "But... if you were open to the idea, I think... I think I'd welcome it."
Mycroft gasps and arches his back. "Greg!" He moans loudly.
Sky blushes brightly and holds onto him.
He gasps and moans, spreading his legs a bit.
She moans loudly. "Yes! Yes, let them use me, tease me.. please, I want that so bad. Need my cunt played with all the time. Everyone who will be a whore in the whore house should have to have a vibrator on at all times." She gasps and nearly screams as she comes hard, squirting forcefully against her fingers.
She blushes. “That too.”
“Should Daddy fuck you, baby?” He bites at his throat.
Mycroft looked them over. "Really Sherlock...you couldn't wait for the honeymoon?"
Jean smiles and cleans them up. Lucas is sitting on the floor with his back to the wall and Sky sits in his lap. He's smoking and she's drinking and they both look fucked up.
She whimpers and presses against him.
His mother makes it to him first, and she's just in time to catch him as white-hot pain boils through John's core. Joann guides John to the stairs, shouting for Hank. Agents come out of the woodwork, guns drawn.
*Of course they do, Sherlock. Why wouldn’t they?-JW*
Mycroft nods, getting up. "Thank you.."
“Take a look. Feel yourself.” Sky smiles and turns her to the full length mirror.
John hums. "Need anything else?"
‘You do have to remember that more pups come from us at a time than babies from a human.’
"Morning." Mycroft hums and Collin smiles.
Sherlock snarls, John’s hand the only thing keeping him in his seat.
Greg phone vibrates with a text and he's quiet for a moment. "Sherlock.."
Sherlock comes home....
Sherlock sighs a bit. “Yes, alright. I will.”
"I love you."
Sherlock frowns. “I like fish. I’ve never had anything fancy before though. So, so long as I can have you by my side, I’m fine.” He explains softly.
Sherlock smiles and half carries John inside. “We need to be in the office before Camille. And... when she comes in, stand. Offer her a seat if she doesn’t have one. Call her ma’am, unless she says otherwise. If she calls you a... an odd nickname, then just smile and accept it. It means she’s fond of you.” He explains as they stop outside Mycroft’s office.
There is a hollow in me now
Mycroft whimpers a bit but nods as he and Sherlock kneel.
"Wonderful."
Sherlock leans in and kisses John’s chest.
Mycroft nods and smiles, following him and John out to the car.
“Zoo zoo zoo zoo.” He babbles happily, always loving the zoo.
He groans as he relaxes. He nods when he's ready.
"Y-yes please yes.." He whimpers and kisses him back.
John smiles and grabs Sherlock, pulling him over, as he continues to kiss Margaret.
“No it doesn’t. Some people can’t be saved. It’s not your fault. It’s their time.” Sherlock says softly.
"Alright. Anything else?" Sherlock asked.
"Alright. I'll go fix up the paper work." She smiles and leaves.
John is slumped in his chair, watching Sherlock intensely with hooded eyes, panting. "Jesus..." He murmurs, before moaning aloud at Sherlock's stroking.
“Keep eating.” He mumbles and licks behind his ear, having stopped rocking when he stopped eating.
He mewls as he feels their cum start to leak out.
“With you?” Morna asks and takes his arm. “Always.” She walks out with him.
John nods sadly. “Do you want me to bring him back here at all?” He asks.
“Need it. Need your cum, Daddy. Makes me feel so good.” She whimpers.
"I'm sorry.." He mumbles against her lips.
He smirks and pushes into her.
She walks around a bit before laying back down with the pups so they can feed.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
He whimpers and moans loudly, clenching around him teasingly again.
She whimpers, rocking her hips. "Yes, sir. I can. I can feel it moving around in my belly."
He gasps softly, arching up a bit to try to get more contact.
He whimpers. "I want you to fuck me.. I need it. I miss it."
He leans in and kisses him softly.
Sherlock bows into the room, “oh Crystal Ma’am. Would you like me to come back at a better time?” He asks.
“Anywhere you’d like.” Greg smiles and sits down. “I just want to spend time with you together.”
Sabine twitches. “I’m not sure. I’ve gotten used to the feeling.” She swallows hard. “Some of them are itching.”
He kisses him back desperately and grinds against him.
“Yeah. Easier than the beginning that’s for sure. I’d just like to spend more time with them.” He shrugs. “It seems like they go out and bring home new people all the time. I guess I’m just not enough.” He laughs and gets on the track, starting to run.
"Good?" She smiles and straddles him.
"She has not." Mycroft frowned, obviously having wondered why she hasn't before today. "She stopped the suppressants about a week after we returned from Paris, yet no heat."
He mutters about it not mattering if he wore pants or not. He gets up anyway and started to pull on a pair of his skinny jeans.
Sky cuddles into him.
"God, so good. So big. I'm already hard and leaking again."
“I’m sure it won’t be to hard, darlin’.” He chuckles and kisses along his jaw. “How about we have some fun here and then when you find me we’ll have a real good time?”
John hums. “Anything you’d like, sir.” He smiles.
Sherlock smiles. “So how safe do you feel around me and your daddy?” He asks softly. “You can call him your dad around me, I don’t mind.”
Sherlock whimpers and moans breathily as he's filled.
"Interesting. Who was within the church security?" Mycroft asks, surveying the scene.
"Is this why you were in the hospital?"
He moans softly. "I thought about letting Cecil inside of me.. Being the first. About him fucking me while I fuck you or him fucking you while I fuck him." He whimpers a bit.
He blushes and presses his face into John's shoulder. "No one has ever said anything like the thing you say about me.."
“Hell yeah I’m gonna drive.” He grins as he gets in, starting the car. “You see this sweet baby?”
She holds onto him and snuggles him.
He moans loudly and pulls her hair harder. "Fuck. Yes, please!"
Sherlock kisses his chest and Carol kisses his back.
Michael nods. “Alright. Relax a bit.”
"Mm yes I did.." He signs and goes over to the shower. He carefully walks by Mycroft so close that he could feel the heat from his skin but not touching him at all.
Clark moans and arches back onto johns cock.
"Get out Greg! Get out!" Lydia yells at him so she can get Sherlock to stop panicking over him.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
He growls and nods.
He cries out and bucks his hips. "Close!"
Sherlock wraps his cold fingers around John’s waist. He presses his weight more into John, pinning him to the bed.
Sherlock giggles, leaning against John.
"Wanna try?" Dean smirks.
'Should we do it now or wait until they've sobered up a bit?'
Maggie moans happily and wraps her legs around him. “How many are you going to give me?”
He whines and arches, trying to push Mycroft's fingers deeper.
His moans are swallowed up as he kisses Sherlock deeply.
"Hmm?"
He sucks and bites at his throat.
Greg smiles. He sneezes. "Sorry." Greg laughs and sniffles.
Mycroft smiles a bit at how Sky handles the situation.
Sherlock's mind goes blank and all he can think about is how fucking amazing John feels inside of him. He cries out John's name as he comes hard between them as his hair is tugged.
“I’m finished.” Crystal let’s go of his hand, sounding exhausted. “Is there anything else you need from me before I leave you?”
"Yeah of course! Everyone in here is from the Yard or family." Sally smiles and leads the to a table.
He smirks and goes around. “Should I fuck you with her or without?”
"Yes, Sir.."
"Such a good boy." He smirks, opening the car door for him n
“What? Find what?” John mumbles, only half paying attention as he rocks his hips a bit more needy.
"I love you."
He hums and licks up his leakage, taking just the head of his cock into his mouth.
"See I hate it when we're apart but every time I see you again you're even more handsome than I remember. It's quite a conundrum, darling." Sky smiles at Michael. Greg hands Mycroft his coffee and they smile at each other. John and Lydia are looking at Sky's scans on the computer and frowning.
"Yeah? Right here? Right now? At the table where everyone can watch?"
He lets his eyes slip closed as he’s used, not even caring that he can’t come yet.
He groans softly.
He smiles fondly at him, feeling his heart swell. "You've researched this.."
“I bet.” He smirks.
"Mm I have something else. Come with me." He smirks and leads him to the bathroom.
Greg whimpers needy and gets up.
He whimpers, his cock twitching in Clark’s hand. “Anything, sir.”
He smiles as he’s put into comfy clothes.
He puts him into bed with the others and gets into bed with him.
Sky hums softly, watching them as she sits next to Sally.
“Thankfully.” Mycroft hums.
Leona mewls and rocks back into his hand.
“Yeah.” Magdala says softly. “It’s okay, I only ever do magic for good. I’m a helper, just like you.” She whispers. “John is too. He’s a helper.”
She moans and arches, taking it.
Sherlock groans and throws his head back. "Damn it, John.."
He grabs their bags out of the boot and winces. His muscles are sore, and he has more than a few scrapes and bruises. Sherlock is no better.
Margaret raises a brow. “She is.”
“I’ll talk with Diōnē, see if she can teach me.” John says softly, squeezing Lydia’s hand.
“I know, sweetheart. Just so needy.”
Mycroft lets out a soft whimper and nods. He bit his lower lip, entranced by Greg’s explanations and comforted.
John frowns as he looks at her.
"Fuck, you feel so good.." He rocks his hips. "So good.."
"Good boy. Such a good little slut for me." He pulls out his fingers and slicks his cock.
“Oh John, I’m sorry.” Sherlock whispers as he releases John. “I forgot I’m stronger now.” He says softly. He kisses John softly, wanting to make up for it.
She blushes and nods. “I’ll do my best. They can fuck me between births too. Keep me nice and open.”
“We’ll go slow, alright? It can feel funny but I won’t let it hurt you.” John smiles at him adoringly.
Sky gags more and drools around his cock, body jerking a bit as it heaves. She moans loudly when she can breathe, loving how he just uses her as a hole to fuck.
"Good... Quiet is better than nothing." Harry smiles and kisses her mom's hand.
Mel blushes and smiles shyly. “Hi.”
Zack pants a bit as he gets hard, the cage having made his cock look much smaller than it was.
He blushes and kisses him back softly.
"What a shocking development." Sky smirks cheekily and John chuckles.
Greg moans and slowly turns off the vibrator. He pulls it out of Sherlock gently.
He smiles brightly. "Really? That's brilliant!"
"Nothing. There are just some things missing from the medical reports you gave us.." John frowns a bit and Sky stiffens. "I gave you exactly what I mean for you to see. Nothing more." She looks uncomfortable.
"Y-Yes.."
“Oh god, you arse!” John laughs. “How did you do that?”
Her hand squeezes his as she looks up at him sadly. She just wants her parents to be happy and for them to be a family again.
“Mm?” He hums, darkening the marks he’s already made on her neck. “I’m gently pushing my cum toward your eggs. I’m going to make sure you’re knocked up with my child before I ever pull out of you.” He growls softly, feeling very possessive of her.
Sherlock smiles and blushes a deep shade of red. “Thank you for making my John.”
He yawns as he stretches.
John nods. “I’ll clean myself up and get ready. I’ll see you in the bedroom.” He smiles quickly kissing Sherlock.
They go downstairs and Greg makes pancakes.
John,
"I love you, bee." He hums and kisses his head.
He lets her control the pace.
He blushes brighter and smiles shyly against his lips.
She puts them in his head and grinds against him. 'Fuck me.' She spreads her legs, so wet for him.
John smiles and steps behind Margaret, he takes her hair and continues to braid it. “Harry and you taught me this. Being the youngest brother, I would either be dressed up or I could choose to learn it.” He says softly.
Sherlock hums and nods, curling up in his arms.
He falls asleep between them.
Sherlock smirks. “Lunch is on the table in a bag downstairs with a travel mug of coffee.”
"Hello, handsome." Sky smiles.
"God no. I always want it. I love how you taste. How you feel. How my cum tastes in you."
"Mm I love you, too." She purrs.
He drops to his knees in front of him.
John quirks and eyebrow and waits till Sherlock has left, before picking up the card. He stares at it confused. He still has three appointments before the end of the day, so he slips the card into his trouser pocket until he's finished work for the evening.
He blushes and smiles, taking his shirt off.
John smirks, cupping Clark’s face with a hand, making him look up at Eli. “Well?”
He bites his lip. "Because I'm uncomfortable with my body. Is that truthful enough for you?" He snaps. "Let me up."
Molly chuckles, kissing her back. "Is it stupid to say that.... even though I'm a doctor, being a patient in a hospital makes me nervous?" She bit her lip. "I can't wait for us all to get home."
Greg shook his head and headed for the highway.
Lydia helps John out if the chair. He stands a little unsteady. "Careful. Your balance is off because of your ears." She signs.
Dr. Parker soon calls her.
“I.. after your dad died I couldn’t accept it. I couldn’t let it go. It wasn’t right. He was in the prime of his life and he was healthy. He hardly ever got a cold. If he was sick I would have felt it but I didn’t. It didn’t make sense. After the hospital said he died they said there was a mixup and he was cremated. But I knew it was a lie. I could still feel him. He’s part of me. Losing him would have crippled me. But it didn’t. I knew. My body knew he wasn’t dead. My sister.. she tried to convince me he was gone. That I should look for a new mate because I was vulnerable. Because you kids were vulnerable. She kept bringing up how I should’ve just let Moriarty take me to begin with and not cause trouble.” Joann frowns. “She was always jealous because our parents sold her to our father’s best friend’s son. She felt cheated. Like they thought I was worth more than her.”
Mycroft leans against the doorframe as he watches them.
"I love you, too.."
Greg looks over to Ms. Cheyenne, licking his lips. “Why don’t we both fuck her cunt?”
He blushes and pulls his hands away.
Michael smiles and kisses her head.
“I could do it twice, pretty baby momma.” Greg growls softly.
Sherlock laughs softly. "I concede defeat." He smirks.
He blushes and smiles happily, nodding. "More than anything.."
Turk blushes a bit as he looks down at Sky, the man’s cock still deep in his arse.
Pete pulls him close and kisses him deeply, licking the cum in his mouth.
He blushes at the name and smiles, taking him into his hand. He blushes at his size, stroking him slowly.
“I’m going to take you to bed, before bringing everyone else. Will you be okay on your own, Locky?” John asks softly.
"If you could grab me a pair of jeans and a shirt, I can get the rest."
"Mm alright.." Mycroft hums and goes to dance with Sherlock. Sky smiles softly as she watches him walk away.
"Mm naughty thing you." He grinds against him, biting at his neck. "You wouldn't want be punished, would you?"
Mycroft stiffens and hesitates before letting him go.
“Good. I.. I was going to have a doctor friend come by and have a look at you.” Irene says softly. “I’m concerned some of the new burns may be infected a bit. Can I have someone come look at them?” She asks softly.
"Let's go tell everyone the good news, eh?"
'Of course. You're part of us now. When we go on holiday we all go together.' She smiles softly. 'I was thinking of maybe Las Vegas but I can't legally drink there. Still technically under age for their laws.' She rolls her eyes.
“Bond marathon.” John grins.
“Mm very nice.” He smirks.
"Your turn."
He smiles softly as he starts to strip himself.
Sky moans softly and holds onto him. “Break my water for me, will you?”
They fall asleep with him.
He moans and presses back for more.
“Umm okay..” John says a bit skeptical, knowing how precise Sherlock is when he picks his clothes. “Any suggestions for the trousers I’m supposed to get?”
Maggie blushes and nods. “Okay.”
She moans and arches, eyes closed as she rides every inch of his cock.
He smiles and nuzzles her.
Mycroft grins and pulls him inside and up to his room. "I've taken the liberty to.. purchase.. a few things."
He kisses him deeply and strips him.
He nods and kisses him, slicking his cock.
He spreads his legs further, trying to push back against his fingers. "Please!!"
John has his eyes closed, not noticing Brian looking him over.
Mycroft snorted. "I am *not* wearing a Speedo." He said, adamantly, chuckling.
He kisses his chest softly.
"Because you're all that I can see when I close my eyes."
“Is it good, son?” Violet smirks, teasing Sky’s clit as she watches Mycroft. Sky moans and arches into his mouth, rocking her hips into Violet’s hand.
‘Mm I think headphones as well to drown out the noise.’ Sky purrs.
John smiles and nuzzles him. He watches Sherlock's lips move so he can try and read his lips easier.
Mycroft's men were summoned to the hospital and managed to drag the hissing, spitting woman away to the bowels of Vauxhall where she would be subjected to interrogation for her work with Jim Moriarty and with the killing of a Russian spy.
“Of course. I’m sure they’d love to meet you too.”
"Yeah." George nods and takes him to bed.
Zack blushes as he watches, his cock leaking so much already. “Oh, Mummy..”
She opens the door with her powers, leaning back against the bed waiting for him.
Zack falls asleep against her, feeling safe.
He smiles and kisses her softly.
He smiles softly. "Sky?"
**Our family? What about it?**
I used to be so discerning, oh.." He sings to him softly.
"Keep talking." She smirks and teases him by slowing down again.
“Sherlock.” John gently lays a hand on Sherlock’s curls. “Talk to me. Please? Do I need to call your brother?” John was confused about how to handle Sherlock in this state. This was new.
“Not my fault you feel so good.” Maggie blushes and whines softly, slowly starting to ride them.
"Mm you like that don't you? Being told sweet things."
Sherlock moans deep in his throat as he continues to drink her milk, it is the tastiest thing he’s ever had and he doesn’t want to ever stop drinking the milk.
Eli growls, snapping his hips into her, pushing his cock fully inside her cunt. His eyes roll back as he enters her womb, starting to thrust into her.
He hums happily and nuzzles him.
"Mm there are worse things." She smiles and nuzzles him.
"I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much."
He leans in to kiss her softly.
He grins as he watches him.
He tries to keep his breathing steady, but it shakes a bit. Her touch feels so different and real.
They scatter and go back to work, knowing Turk doesn’t take shit especially when it comes to Sky.
They pepper him with kisses.
"Oh god you're going to make me come." Carol moans, rocking needy.
She blushes, kissing him back.
He blushes and smiles, kissing his chest.
Mycroft frowns a bit and Sherlock bites his lip. "He could lose it again?"
“I’m sure now you see why Mark loves to be fucked. How good it feels.” John starts to slowly thrust.
Greg smiles and comes closer like Sherlock asked. He leans closer. "Hello, honey."
"Is there a room I can use to make a few phone calls?" Mycroft asks John, a bemused smile on his face.
“Congratulations boys!” Mrs. Hudson cops.
Greg slides to the floor. He palms him through his trousers and pulls them down. Greg mouthes at him through his pants.
He blushes and nods. “Yes, sir. Loads of fun.”
Sky hums softly as she feels Michael come into the sitting room.
Greg smiles, “would it be rude to ask how old?”
"I have a trust fund." Sherlock blushed.
Mycroft teases his hand over John's bulge.
He seems like an entirely different person, more open now and less insane, though it was an act before. “I was trying to help them. The things they told me that Jim did to them were just... awful. I couldn’t sit by and do nothing while they begged for help.”
Sherlock goes out to say goodbye.
He rubs his back and hums softly. "What else what in that box Sky was starring at besides the ring?"
“I’ll have you know I blame that completely on you.” Sherlock snorts.
Greg chuckles and goes down to the kitchen.
‘Feels so good.’ She mewls.
Sherlock smiles as he lays John on the bed, tying him up tightly. “You’re all mine.”
"Hot, suave and brilliant. I could have said the same about you...well, mostly. I don't think I'd ever use suave. Maybe dynamic, enigmatic." John places his elbow on the table and props his chin in his hand to look over at Sherlock. "Definitely brilliant though."
Tease a little more
John blushes, looking at the rope marks on his skin.
Mycroft whimpers and kneels up, looking up at Crystal.
Michael groans and fucks him harder finally.
"Mm.." He pushes his food around a bit with his fork.
Sherlock takes Mycroft’s hand as they get into the elevator.
Sherlock comes downstairs, smiling brightly when he sees Jason. He wraps his arms around him, pulling him close.
He blushes and smiles softly.
John smiles softly as he sees him.
She nods and presses her face to his chest, trying to relax.
Maximus sits near the door ready to go when they are.
She blushes at his dominance and nods. "Yes, sir. I can handle it."
Greg bites his lip as he follows Collin.
He puts his arm around the back of the couch.
"I love you, too.. So much.."
"God, I'm starved."
Sky growls and grips his hips tightly as she pounds into him. She pushes his shoulders down into the mattress changing to angle of her thrusts and hits his prostate hard over and over.
Greg smirks and lays him out on their bed, stripping him.
He smiles and nuzzles him. "What do you want to do now?"
"Such a dirty girl. Wanting to get off by getting rubbed on.." She kisses her neck as she kneads her arse. "After you come like this I'm going to bury my face between your thighs and make you come with my mouth. I might even let you ride my face."
He deep throats him quickly, his cock hitting the back of his throat.
He chuckles, a light blush crossing his face. “I figured you didn’t want too many details.”
He shrugs.
Sherlock moans and falls into the bed.
He gasps at how big he is, arching a bit.
She moan and wraps her legs around him.
"Sebastian, he.. He took her while she was out doing god knows what. He flaunted her in front of us before killing her.."
She grinds harder against her face, already close to coming.
Lydia moans and moves in to lick at her cunt.
She blushes brightly, biting her lip.
He nods. "Alright. A nurse will be in shortly to keep watch."
"Good girl. So good at taking Daddy's cock."
“I guess most people aren’t as stubborn as me.” John chuckles.
"It's fine, bee. I promise." He smiles softly.
