, John thought to himself. The odds of surviving a point-blank gunshot wound to the head, while not quite astronomical, were by no means in favour of the recipient.
Another dot that Sherlock still wasn’t able to join was Irene Adler. There was no perceptible connection he could find as to what she could possibly have to do with any of it. He was sure there was no way she was even in the country.
“Later. I’ll explain everything to you later,” Sherlock assured him, before ending the call and sliding his mobile back into his pocket.
“This is the first case that’s come across my desk where the victim’s had a number carved into their skin,” said Lestrade.
He had no intention of returning to Baker Street yet. Not when someone out there was being so morbidly interesting. Once Sherlock was outside, he hailed a cab and gave the driver Agatha’s address.
As John sat down with his lunch at a small table in the cafeteria, he pulled his mobile out of his pocket. He glanced at the display and was mildly relieved to see that he had no messages or missed calls. Surely if something had gone terribly wrong with Sherlock’s visit to Mallory’s parents, either Lestrade or Sherlock would have contacted him. Content for the moment with his deduction, John set his mobile down and began to eat.
Sherlock sat with his mobile in his hand for most of the taxi ride back to Baker Street. He felt like he should phone Lestrade, but at the same time, he knew there wasn’t a lot that could be done without proof of what he’d read between the lines in his discussion with Gladys.
After a long moment, the woman behind the desk noticed Sherlock[,] and gestured for him to come closer. She nodded in response to something the man said, and then turned her attention to Sherlock as the man left the room.
,” said John, raising his hands in an attempt at a calming gesture. “They just brought him in to take a look at him, in case he bit or scratched the person who killed your mother.”
There was a knock at the door, and Mrs. Hudson entered, carrying a manila folder. John accepted it, and thanked her, as at that moment, Sherlock was staring, transfixed, at one of his bookshelves.
“Okay. Give me five minutes to get situated, and then you can send in… Betsy Carver,” said John, taking a peek into the folder at the top of the stack. Marjorie nodded, and John turned and headed down the corridor to his office. He opened the door, hanging his jacket on the hook affixed to the back. A small white envelope was leaning against the telephone on his desk, but just as he picked it up to examine it, a woman whom he could only assume was Betsy Carver entered his office.
“Yes, and he thinks the photograph of me in the hat was the funniest thing he’d seen in a long time,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes.
It took Sherlock less than an hour to work through the books he’d selected from the first set of shelves. The numbers were only single digits, so it wasn’t possible for them to refer to page numbers, and specific words on said pages. For the time being, Sherlock was simply reading through the tables of contents, and writing down the first word of each chapter name that corresponded to a number. If a book didn’t have named chapters, he’d closed it and moved on to the next one.
As Sherlock read through the preliminary report about Mallory that had been sent over for, for the fourth time, he reluctantly admitted to himself that he was procrastinating. With the first case, he’d been a bit relieved to discover that John had taken it upon himself to talk to Agatha’s daughter. He didn’t relish the thought of visiting Mallory’s parents, especially since he’d read in John’s notes that they were estranged from their daughter. He also knew that he had very little choice in the matter, especially with John at work at the clinic. With one final glance at the paperwork, Sherlock set it down on the table, and put on his coat.
More tags will be added as necessary as the story progresses. Certain tags will only apply to certain chapters, and I'll be sure to make note of those at the beginning of those chapters, just in case.
Without a word, Sherlock got up, crossed the room, and pressed his lips to the side of John’s neck. He froze as he felt John flinch underneath him. Several emotions crossed John’s face in the space of a moment. The very air seemed to still, and the seconds lengthen, as Sherlock waited for John to react. John stopped typing, and a long moment passed. A huge crack of thunder rattled the windowpanes, but neither of them seemed to notice.
“Yes. And you’ve caught me on my lunch hour,” the man explained. “I always lock up when I take my break because there’s no one else to watch the office.” Sherlock said nothing. “It’s so nice of you to come.”
Sherlock hauled himself out of his chair and made his way into the bathroom. He closed the bathroom door behind him, but didn’t bother to lock it. Then he turned on the water, shucked off his clothes, and stepped under the spray. Sherlock tried to quiet his mind and focus only on the sound of the water. However, it was much more easily said than done. He found it extremely difficult to believe that Moriarty was the one behind the murders, but that was where the evidence had led him. It made sense to him now.
Molly placed her hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Go home, Sherlock,” she told him. “I’ll send the photos and report over as soon as I can.” Sherlock nodded, and turned to leave the morgue.
The lunch hour was over far too quickly for John’s liking, and it seemed that his afternoon was going to be just as busy as his morning had been. He glanced at the stack of patient files still sitting on his desk and winced as he felt the beginnings of a headache gnawing at his skull.
At some point between the time when John and Sherlock had discussed the part invitation and the morning John intended to return it, the envelope had been moved from the sofa. John spent a few minutes longer than he should have looking for it, and didn’t get a chance to shave before leaving for work. Eventually he’d found it on the table in the sitting room underneath his laptop. Once he’d located it, he picked up a pen and hurriedly filled out the reply slip.
Finally, a car stopped, and Sherlock clambered into the backseat. He gave the driver the address, and stared distractedly out the window. After a few minutes his mobile began to ring, and he groped for it in his pockets. When he noticed that the display read ‘Lestrade,’ he spent a short moment deciding whether or not to answer the call.
“Not today. And he was due to come in--” he glanced at his watch. “--a few hours ago as a matter of fact.”
The scenery outside the car seemed to be going by in slow motion. Sherlock knew it wasn’t true, but the fear was playing tricks on him. He tried his best to push the thoughts from his mind, with little to no success.
Well, that narrowed their suspect list considerably. Nearly anyone could steal a vial of ketamine or order it from some shady corner of the internet, but it would take someone with a much more specialised skill set to make it themselves.
More tags will be added as necessary as the story progresses. Certain tags will only apply to certain chapters, and I'll be sure to make note of those at the beginning of those chapters, just in case.
The cab let them out in front of a pretty nondescript two-story building. The only thing remotely notable about it was the window-boxes on the ground-floor windows. They were overflowing with well-kept red impatiens. Sherlock examined the plants momentarily before approaching Lestrade, who was standing on the front stoop with his arms folded across his chest.
“Looks like his ex-wife, Lila is next of kin,” said Lestrade, avoiding the second question. “I’ll go make the notification.”
“A refuse collector by the name of Paul Franklin. Had his neck snapped within the past few hours. Body’s still warm,” said Lestrade.
Once he’d finished looking through one set of bookshelves, Sherlock moved the pile of books from his chair to the end table. He opened the first one and simultaneously pulled the stack of sticky notes towards him.
“Her father said very little, though I gathered that he’s an abusive, bigoted brute,” Sherlock replied, and then proceeded to relay the entirety of his conversation with Gladys to John, along with what she hadn’t said. John absorbed the information without saying a word, although his expression darkened noticeably as Sherlock described Lou’s treatment of the women in his life.
When Sherlock returned his attention to the samples and gave no indication that he was going to say more, John frowned slightly.
John hung up with Lestrade a few minutes later, and returned to his laptop, while Sherlock went back to staring intently at his bookshelves.
There was no indication that a woman had died there. Once the body had been taken to the morgue, someone had closed the recliner. Sherlock sighed. He’d been hoping to find something helpful in the exact place where she’d died. The two teacups were still sitting on the coffee table, one completely empty, the other still half full. He bent down to sniff at the liquid remaining in the cup. At first, there was only the scent of tea, but then he noticed a faint hint of what seemed like dish soap.
,” she said, still sounding suspicious. “She’s in room 413. Wear this.” She handed John a ‘visitor’ sticker, on which she’d quickly scrawled ‘Greg Lestrade 413.’
They spent the next few weeks testing out this new facet of their relationship. The first time John took Sherlock to bed, it was a new experience for both of them. John had never been with a man, and Sherlock had never been with anyone. John knew things wouldn’t be smooth sailing forever, if that was what they were. They didn’t mention the Fall again, although John had a feeling they wouldn’t be able to avoid the subject forever. Still, he tried his best to forget it for the time being.
“I don’t know. I went round her place earlier to pick up a book I had asked to borrow, and walked in to find her dead,” Krista replied, in little more than a whisper.
“I think it’s time for you to leave,” said Lou. Sherlock made eye contact with Gladys, who nodded slightly. He pursed his lips.
After pulling his magnifier from his pocket, Sherlock bent down to examine the wound. It had been made with the same knife as the others. However, he remembered that Georgia, the most recent victim before Paul, had also been marked with the number 3. He froze. None of the other numbers had been repeated before. He pointed that fact out to John, who quickly wrote it down in his notepad.
Sherlock charged up the front steps and tried the front door. He was both relieved and confused to find that it was unlocked. It had been some time since Irene Adler had called the flat home, and the house had since been stripped of furniture. He moved from the foyer into the sitting room, only to find that it was unoccupied. The area of the wall that had previously been occupied by the safe had been reduced to a jagged hole in the wall. The other rooms on the ground floor were similarly empty, although Sherlock had found a slightly-yellowed newspaper on the floor of the kitchen that was only a few months old. Without bothering to take a look at it, he made his way back into the foyer. He drew John’s gun and headed up the stairs.
“You received this invitation today, and wrote your own name on the reply slip directly afterwards, but left the ‘number attending’ space blank, meaning you intended to ask me to accompany you,” said Sherlock.
John made a noncommittal sound in his throat and crossed the sitting room to sit down in his chair. He wiped one hand down across his face, allowing a weary sigh to escape his lips. Without him even noticing, Sherlock had gotten up from the table and came to stand in front of him. Sherlock ran his hand gently through John’s hair.
“If this is Moriarty, then somehow he’ll know that you’ve figured it out, and he’ll probably wait for you to make a move before he does anything else.”
“Fine, fine,” Sherlock replied absently. He dumped the shards of glass into the bin and returned his attention to the microscope without another glance in John’s direction.
, John’s brain supplied, unhelpfully. He pushed the thought from his mind, and turned back to face Marjorie, just as she hung up the phone. “Have you see Kate around?” he asked.
! Sherlock realised, standing up suddenly. With Irene Adler out of the country, it was possible that her old flat was vacant.
The sexual content tags apply to this chapter. If you would like to avoid this content, but still read the chapter, simply stop reading after Sherlock first mentions the library.
“Hi, I’d like to see Krista Bates, please” John said to the nurse behind the front desk at St. Bart’s. She gave him an appraising look.
Sherlock opened the door to Agatha’s flat, ducking under the police tape as he went. Particles of dust swirled in the rays of sunlight coming in through the windows, stirred by the draft accompanying Sherlock’s entry. He wasn’t quite sure what he was looking for, so he figured he would start with the chair in which she’d been found.
John got up from where he’d been seated at the table, and crossed the room to examine the photos. Neither of them spoke for several minutes. Then John turned to Sherlock.
John opened the fridge, and was relieved to find that it was completely devoid of body parts. But then again, he wasn’t surprised, because it had been awhile since Sherlock had had a case. John put the kettle on and made some toast. Once the toast was done, he put butter and jam on it, and placed one slice on a plate next to Sherlock, although he was fairly certain it wouldn’t be touched.
“Don’t- you- start- that,” John said, between kisses. He unwrapped his arms from Sherlock’s neck. “You might not need to sleep, but I do. I’m going up to bed.”
John settled back down in his chair, and Sherlock returned to his seat at the table. They didn’t speak for several minutes, until John asked about the information Sherlock had gathered, aside from the photo.
“Ms. Bates was severely allergic to walnuts according to her daughter, and we found one lodged, whole, in her trachea. And there’s also this,” Lestrade said, turning and stepping closer to the body, the two crime scene techs moving out of his way. He reached down with one gloved hand and shifted the neckline of Agatha’s blouse a little bit, revealing the number ‘2’ that had been carved into the skin near her her collarbone. Sherlock bent down to examine the cut with his magnifier.
Occasionally, Sherlock would pull a book off of one of the shelves and flip through it, murmuring to himself. He placed the majority of them back in their spots on the shelves, although a small stack had begun to appear on his chair.
When the elevator doors opened on the fourth floor, John stepped out and noticed that the door the Kate’s office was closed. He approached the door and knocked, but there was no answer. It was strangely quiet in the corridor, but John paid no attention. He glanced at his watch, and decided to go to lunch, and try again afterwards.
“Krista. Chances are she’s not lucid yet, though. It’s only been about an hour and a half,” said Lestrade, glancing at his watch. John nodded, figuring that everyone would be better off if he were the one to talk to Agatha’s daughter, as opposed to Sherlock.
Once the elevator reached the fourth floor, John stepped out into the corridor, and started looking at the little plaques next to the doors with the room numbers emblazoned on them. He found room 413 down at the end of the wing. He knocked lightly on the door a few times, and waited. Through the frosted glass on the door, John saw a figure sit up from a horizontal position.
John took her folder from the top of the stack and moved it to the bottom. The file that was now at the top informed him that his next patient wasn’t due to arrive for a bit over an hour. He picked up the envelope in which he’d placed the reply slip, then crossed his office and stepped out into the corridor.
“Do you remember that case with the Chinese smugglers, and the substitution cipher? What if--” John paused mid-sentence. Sherlock gaped at him.
As Sherlock stared at the bookshelves, John finished his blog entry and placed the folder on the stack across the table from him. Sherlock looked over at him, then at the stack of folders, then back to him.
Back at Baker Street, John was finished his third cup of tea and rereading his blog entry for what seemed like the fiftieth time. He placed the teacup in the saucer and glanced down at the clock in the lower right corner of his laptop screen. Enough time had passed that Krista should be lucid, assuming she hadn’t needed to be dosed a second time.
There had not been a single case since Sherlock’s return. Actually, as far as John could tell, there had been several. But it appeared that none of them had been interesting enough to warrant Sherlock’s attention. On more than one occasion, John had overheard Sherlock on the phone, with whom he could only assume was Lestrade, explaining why he couldn’t possibly take on whatever case had arisen. John could tell Sherlock was simply inventing reasons for not taking the cases. He just wasn’t sure why.
The man eyed Sherlock for a few seconds, and Sherlock could tell that he had been the one staring out through the curtains.
“Kate,” he said to himself, turning the envelope over in his hand and sliding his finger under the flap. He drew a folded piece of paper out of the envelope, failing to notice the second, smaller slip of paper that fluttered out to land on his lap. He set the envelope down on his desk and turned his attention to the folded piece of paper. At the top of the note was the image of a pumpkin
John smiled slightly to himself, and chuckled at the idea of asking Sherlock to accompany him to a Hallowe’en party at his boss’ house. Still, he decided to ask when he got home. He glanced down and noticed the reply slip, which had landed in his lap. He picked it up and looked at it briefly, before placing it on his desk along with the invitation.
Sherlock made a noncommittal sound in his throat, but he sat up when John placed a cup of tea on the coffee table in front of him. Then John kissed him on the lips and retreated to his armchair with his own cup. He glanced expectantly over at Sherlock.
“If we could figure out what book is being referred to, we can find out what this bastard’s been trying to tell us.”
“‘Morning,” she replied, handing him a stack of manila folders. “These are your appointments for the morning, Doctor Watson.”
“Nobody. She was a 63-year-old gardening enthusiast who was more interested in talking to her cat than most people.”
When they arrived at the address, John paid the cabbie and followed Sherlock to a small doorway that seemed to be wedged between the two businesses on either side of it. Sherlock tried the door and pressed the doorbell when he found it was locked. A man appeared from a side room a few seconds later and unlocked the door.
The bright red lipstick was something he associated almost exclusively with the Woman, but he couldn’t see what role she could possibly have in all of this. He was certain that she had essentially gone into hiding after the last time he’d seen her. And she may have had questionable ethics, but there’s no way he could see her supporting the idea of murdering six innocent people for--
“Just make sure he doesn’t run himself completely ragged,” she whispered, nodding in Sherlock’s direction.
As John waited for his laptop to boot back up, he also read through Molly’s report. He didn’t fancy writing another long blog post when he had barely finished the previous one. He fished his notepad out of his trouser pocket and flipped through it until he found the past page he’d written on.
“You… posed as her husband?” he asked, frowning slightly as an inexplicable jolt of annoyance passed through him.
The door to Agatha’s flat was still covered with yellow crime scene tape. Sherlock tried the door and was agitated that it was locked. He stuffed his hands into his coat pockets and thought for a moment. An idea formed in his head, and he took out his mobile and dialed.
More tags will be added as necessary as the story progresses. Certain tags will only apply to certain chapters, and I'll be sure to make note of those at the beginning of those chapters, just in case.
“Nothing,” Sherlock replied, quickly realising that the car had pulled up in front of the lawyer’s office building while he’d been distracted. He paid the driver and exited the car. Then, he stood on the pavement for a moment, staring up at the building.
Exactly two months after their first kiss and Sherlock’s apology, John awoke to the sound of a crash coming from the kitchen. He hurriedly slipped  t-shirt over his head and went out into the living room. He saw Sherlock crouched on the kitchen floor, sweeping the shattered remains of a beaker into the dustpan. John hoped the beaker had been empty when it had hit the floor.
Once he finished eating, John went into the kitchen to do the dishes. He noticed that half of Sherlock’s toast was gone and decided to leave it there for the time being. He finished the dishes quickly and dried his hands. He was just about to leave the room to get dressed for work when Sherlock’s mobile began to ring. Sherlock sighed and let it ring four times before picking it up.
Sherlock sat down on the closed lid of the toilet, and studied the red smudge on his finger. Moriarty must have assumed that the lipstick itself would serve as a clue.
“I’m so sorry to bother you,” he began, “I was wondering if you could let me into Agatha Bates’ flat for a moment.” The landlord eyed him suspiciously. “I’m Jack, Krista’s husband,” Sherlock continued, offering the man his hand. “There was a book of photos Krista wanted to use for… for the funeral. I know she’d really appreciate it if you could help us out.”
“Hmm,” he began. The writing in the first two spaces was completely illegible. “It looks like Ms. Reyes signed the log, and then passed the book to the deliveryman to fill in his name and the name of the delivery service. Shoddy bookkeeping, but I doubt she had any malicious intent.”
“Anaphylaxis? Then what makes you think this is a homicide?” John asked, glancing from Lestrade to Sherlock. He noticed a slight smirk tugging at the corners of Sherlock’s lips.
John opened the door slowly and entered the room. Sitting cross-legged on the bed was a woman whom John could only assume was Krista. She was wearing a set of nurse’s scrubs that were too big for her, and it looked like she hadn’t slept. John figured, aside from the time spent under the influence of the sedative, she hadn’t. John crossed the room and offered her his hand.
“Eugh!” John exclaimed. Lined up across the top shelf of the fridge were several apples, in various stages of decomposition. The apple that was furthest to the right of the bunch had deteriorated into a sickly brown lump, and had been placed in a beaker. The smell of rotting fruit reached John’s nose, and he slammed the fridge shut. He turned around and leaned his back against the door. Then, for some inexplicable reason, he began to laugh.
Anthony led the way through the front office area, past several unoccupied desks and an assortment of filing cabinets, into a cramped, but organised office. He sat down in the chair behind his desk, before realising there was only one seat across from him.
Sherlock pulled his mobile away from his ear and stared at it for several seconds. He could still vaguely hear Molly’s voice issuing from the speaker. The action had drawn John’s attention, and he could feel John’s eyes on him.
Marjorie was on the phone when John approached her, so he slid the envelope into his trouser pocket and waited. He looked around the waiting room and noticed people focused on their mobiles, or reading magazines; one woman was even knitting. Suddenly, he began to feel uneasy. Any one of the people in front of him could potentially be the killer’s next victim.
John thought for a moment and then fished a pen out of his drawer. He left the ‘number attending’ section blank for the time being and wrote his name where prompted. He would wait until he’d at least asked Sherlock before handing the slip back to Kate. He tucked both the invitation and the reply slip back into the envelope, and pushed his chair back from the desk. He knew he should get up and put the envelope in his jacket pocket, so he wouldn't lose it. His jacket was in its usual place on the hook on the back of the door. However, with his curiosity satisfied, he soon returned to his previous exasperated state. The distance from his chair to the door seemed to multiply. For a moment, he considered not even getting out of his chair and simply rolling it across the room. Then, his stomach growled, and he realised that he would have to get up to get something to eat. He sighed, and hoisted himself out of his chair, and slipped the envelope into his jacket on his way out.
“At the clinic today I kept looking at the people around me and thinking that any one of them could be the killer’s next victim, or even the killer. On top of that, I feel a bit guilty that I’ve been out so much recently.”
Sherlock put his mobile back into his pocket and walked down to the door labelled ‘1C.’ He raised his hand, rapped his knuckles against the mottled grey wood of the door, and waited. A few seconds later, the door opened and Sherlock found himself face-to-face with a man he assumed was the landlord.  Sherlock sniffed and rubbed at his eyes with one hand.
John had to leave for work shortly after breakfast, so Sherlock was left alone in the flat. He was growing steadily more frustrated with himself. He wasn’t getting anywhere with Agatha’s case, and he was making equal progress with Mallory’s case. He wasn’t looking forward to making a visit to Mallory’s parents. They had already been notified of their daughter’s death, and Sherlock certainly didn’t envy whomever that responsibility had come down to. Sherlock didn’t think they would be doing a whole lot better a day later. Still, he needed to see whether they had any information that could possibly be helpful.
“Yes?” said Sherlock, pausing to listen for a few seconds. “I already told you; the wife is lying. She only--” Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed. “Is this a new case? Are you sure?” Another pause. “Fine. Give us a half hour.” Sherlock hung up, and slipped the phone into his pocket.
he thought to himself. Since Lestrade had been keeping the numbers out of the media, it also meant that the latest development wouldn’t be mentioned in John’s blog either. Although something occurred to him as he studied his notes. Either he or Sherlock would need to ask Lestrade whether the dead man had received any suspicious parcels in the week or so before his death. He pulled out his mobile.
A knock on his office door drew him out of his thoughts, and he settled himself behind his desk and answered.
"Where did you get that?" His voice was barely a whisper. "You have no right to-" he choked on his words when Mycroft opened the book at a seemingly random page.
"We will find each other again," repeated John a little firmer this time. He held Sherlock a bit tighter before he released him completely. "Now go and pack your stuff. We only have tonight left."
"This is all I can do for you. You should not be together. You really shouldn't, but I simply cannot separate you without hating myself until the day I die. You
He did not want to leave the warmth of the bed or Sherlock or their life. He did not want to face a punishment in another country without Sherlock. He couldn't even imagine life without him. He shook his head, willing new tears away, and woke Sherlock with a slow kiss.
John wanted to walk to him, wanted to hug him, wanted to tell him that they were going to be alright. They always were. It always worked out in the end. But he had funny feeling in his stomach, and he worried they wouldn't get lucky this time.
"Take your time“, Ella says before I leave. This session wasn’t helpful at all. I go home and go to bed.
I don’t know what to say. A response would probably be appropriate, but you never did that either. Though, you are two years ago. Mary isn’t you, I know. She can’t replace you but she is present when you aren’t. You haven’t been present for two years. Mary brought light into this suffocating emptiness in me. Because of her I am living again. Even if it never is as adventurous and dangerous as it was with you.
He almost jumped as one of the guards un-cuffed him. Slowly, he rubbed his hurting wrists and shot Mycroft a death glare.
This was it, then. To think, they had fought so much for each other, only to be undone by someone they thought an ally.
You look at me and I just shake my head. You are too late. You are two years too late. I have Mary now. I like her: she is fantastic. It is not fair of you to come back now and overwhelm me like this. You’ve been gone. I was over you and now you come back as if nothing has happened? That’s not fair. I don’t even live at Baker Street anymore. You can’t do this. What about Mary? She loves me. You cannot make me choose. You are too late.
I saw you. With her. Are you really interested in her? Because she is like you? She even looks like you! Clear eyes, dark hair.
John was desperately looking for a way to argue out of this situation. He found nothing. Defeated, he looked down at his hands.
"I hope you understand that we needed evidence for the nature and depth of your relationship to determine just how dangerous you actually are."
Half an hour later John walked downstairs to Sherlock's bedroom. He hesitantly knocked on the door and then walked in and sat on the bed without waiting for an answer.
The sun above the Crossed Keys shines warm on my back and makes your eyes sparkle. How come that the mind behind your eyes can detect that I don’t hate you, yet misses every time that I love you?
"But he cannot possibly be alive“, I say and look at Ella, confused. I saw you jump. I sat in your blood. You can’t be alive.
"Do you want more wine? Or are you afraid to spill the truth?" Mycroft smiled at his small wordplay and put the book away. "There are almost forty people on that list. Ten of them just recently added. At this rate, you two are turning into a serious threat to this country."
He looked to Sherlock for a moment and only saw terror. John gasped at the unfamiliar sight. He wanted to shout, wanted to demand to know what the hell was going on and why they were alone with a dozen armed guards as if they were Britain's Most Wanted. They were the good guys, weren’t they? Since when was Mycroft not at least the tiniest bit on the side of his baby brother?
One of the many doors opened with a bang, and John flinched at the sudden sound. Familiar footsteps came echoing in their direction.
Anthony paused and pulled a binder out of one of his desk drawers. He spent a few seconds flipping through the pages before returning his attention to Sherlock.
No, he wouldn’t let himself think about that. He had to find John and put an end to this once and for all. He thought he’d come out on top after the Fall, outsmarted Moriarty, and survived their little game. But it was looking like Moriarty had done the same thing.
“I suspect you don’t fancy going at all, but she is your supervisor and you feel compelled to do so.”
“Jim Moriarty was supposed to have died on that rooftop, John. But it was him. He was behind all of this.” He spoke slowly, as if he couldn’t believe the words that were coming out of his mouth.
“Yes. It was a little difficult to discern at first, but he was killed in this alley. There are a few small droplets of blood on the ground near the body that aren’t present anywhere else in the area, and it’s unlikely that they would be there had he been killed in a different location.”
Sherlock took the file from John and spent a few minutes reading through the paperwork. As Lestrade had said, his cause of death was a broken neck. Aside from the number carved into the calf, there were no other external wounds on the body. The tox screen had come back clean, as well. There was no need for sedatives for a sneak attack. Sherlock passed the folder back to John and returned to examining his bookshelves.
And with John’s suggestion, a bit of sense had been made. It wasn’t unheard of for a serial killer to try to communicate with the authorities through cryptic notes.
Sherlock, John, and Lestrade ducked under the yellow tape that had been strung across the entrance to the alley. Paul Franklin was seated on the ground, slumped against the side of a building. His neck was bent at an unnatural angle, and the number three had been carved into his right calf.
“That’s very unusual. Almost all of our deliveries on that day of the week come from a particular courier service, and they keep meticulous records,” she said.
It had taken John’s perceived loss of Sherlock for him to admit his more-than-flatmates feelings for Sherlock to himself. But, Sherlock’s sudden reappearance threw off the delicate emotional balance John had reached. John allowed Sherlock to move back into Baker Street, but for the first month or so, they barely spoke. John went to work, came home, and spent a good chunk of his free time on his laptop, ostensibly blogging. Sherlock spent large amounts of time away from the flat, doing god-knows-what, although a fresh carton of milk would inexplicably appear in the fridge whenever the current one was nearly empty. John tried his hardest to delete Mycroft’s texts about Sherlock’s ‘danger nights’ as soon as they came in. Outwardly, John ignored them, but on those nights, Sherlock would come home and complain that his sock index was out of order.
The bottom drawer was mostly empty, except for a few folders. Beneath them was a manila envelope. It was face down in the drawer but Sherlock knew it was the one he was looking for. ‘Thomas’ was scrawled across the front of the envelope in large capital letters, and Sherlock had a feeling it would be impossible to match the handwriting to its owner. There was only one thing inside the envelope. Sherlock slowly drew the photograph out of the envelope, and studied it for a moment. The photograph depicted a man- obviously a younger Thomas- standing hand in hand with a small girl, in front of a house. The girl appeared to be five or six, and bore a striking resemblance to Thomas.
As John’s footsteps faded up the stairs, Sherlock took a sip of his now-cold tea, curled himself into a ball on the sofa, and resumed staring at the photos on the wall.
“That was Anthony. We need to find out whether Paul was working today, or on his way to work, or whatever, and Anthony’s got some time to meet with us,” Sherlock replied.
“You? Never. I did butter the toast, however,” Sherlock replied, fighting an urge to smile. John smiled, however, and walked over to the kitchen.
“Oh, thank goodness! Would, um, would it be okay if I took him, once they finish with him, and once I get out of here?”
Sherlock shook his head, as if to jar the thoughts from his mind. He knew he didn’t have time to focus on ‘Why?’ He needed to figure out where Moriarty had taken John. He considered phoning Lestrade, but quickly decided against it. It would take too long to explain everything, especially since he needed Lestrade to actually believe him. No, this was something he needed to figure out on his own.
She had been standing with her back to the door and all but felt Sherlock walk in. The frustration radiating off of him was nearly tangible. He said nothing and meandered over to one of the autopsy tables, reaching for the corner of the white sheet that had been draped over the body.
John rolled his shoulders, attempting to dispel the tension that had built up in him from sitting stiffly at his desk for far too long. The day seemed to be crawling by, regardless of how busy he was. He had been glad to discover that the stack of folders he’d received that morning contained the files of patients with whom he had a particularly good rapport. Therefore, even though he was already tired, he was in a pretty decent mood. He stood up for a moment, sighing as he stretched, and then glanced at his watch. His next patient was due for their appointment soon. The file at the top of the stack bore the name, ‘Colleen Kingston.’ He heard a knock at the door and settled down behind his desk again.
He passed the notebook back across the desk to Zoё, gesturing to the half-scribbled line on the page. Zoё took the log and examined it for a few seconds before her eyebrows knitted with concern.
The door opened, and a woman walked in. She was older, and it occurred to John that she must be nearing seventy. He smiled slightly as she sat down across from him.
“No. He occasionally had a little trouble coming in to work on time,” said Anthony, reluctantly. “I hate to speak ill of the dead.”
“Agatha Bates, 63, lived alone in this flat with one cat. Molly is examining the cat, in case he bit or scratched the assailant. The victim’s daughter found the body. She had to be sedated and taken to St. Bart’s, so you won’t be able to talk to her until later, or possibly tomorrow,” said Lestrade.
“Sure thing,” said Zoё, pulling a spiral-bound hardback notebook from a drawer. She handed it across the desk to Sherlock and he began flipping through the pages. The top of each page was labelled neatly with the date and divided up into several columns; ‘delivery service,’ ‘delivered by,’ ‘time,’ ‘addressee,’ and ‘parcel signed for by.’ Sherlock continued to look through the notebook until he reached the date three days prior to the murder. He sighed as he realised that it was only partially filled out.
“They weren’t living together, but she did give me his address. I went over there and the landlord opened his mailbox for me. There weren’t any packages in it, but a lot of letters, as if he hadn’t checked the mail in some time. So it’s doubtful,” Lestrade explained.
By the time Sherlock got out of the shower ten minutes later, he did feel noticeably calmer. He had just put his clothes back on when he noticed something red out of the corner of his eye. He turned to face the mirror, and found that the words “GOT YOU”  had been scrawled on the mirror, along with a rudimentary drawing of a clock. Sherlock rushed out of the bathroom to ask John about the writing, only to find the sitting room vacant.
A great big thank you to my wonderful beta readers; deerwegoagain and eggroll-is-eggroll (who also gave me a simple writing idea that sparked the entire plot). Without you guys, this story never would have been what it is. I'd also like to thank all of my friends for being there for me throughout this entire project. I almost gave up so many times, but they wouldn't let me.
After spending an hour puzzling over the information in front of him, Sherlock made the decision to return to Mallory’s flat, as he had done with the previous case. With any luck, someone from forensics might still be there, so he would have no issue gaining entry to the flat. He wasn’t sure what he would be looking for, but he preferred taking action to the equivalent of sitting on his hands.
“I did, too. But according to the assistant I spoke to today, none of them knew much about his personal life.”
“Could be. But if it is, why would he suddenly begin initiating contact with his victims prior to the murders?”
Sherlock turned his attention back to the mirror. There was no obvious indication of where Moriarty had taken John. At first glance, it seemed like the message on the glass had been written in blood. Upon closer inspection, however, it seemed to be written with some kind of blood-red crayon-like substance. Carefully, Sherlock placed a fingertip against the edge of one of the letters, and brought his fingers up close to his nose.
The address at which Sherlock exited the taxi was only a short distance from where Mallory had lived. He took John’s notepad out of his pocket and flipped through the pages. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed someone in the ground-floor flat looking out at him through the curtains. He tried to ignore them as he continued to scan John’s notes. It looked like Mallory’s parents were the ones who lived in the ground-floor flat. He could still feel the person’s eyes on him through the curtains. He pocketed John’s notepad and approached the front door. The door opened into a well-lit corridor with white walls and thick maroon carpet on the floor. Sherlock stopped at the first door on the left and knocked. Several long moments passed before he heard movement on the other side. The door opened a few inches.
John tilted his head slightly to nuzzle Sherlock’s hand, which had slid down the side of his head to his cheek.
“Thank you,” he said, placing the sticker on the front of his jacket. He turned to walk towards the elevator. He felt a bit odd having Lestrade’s name plastered on his chest, but he’d been improvising, so he simply had to deal with it.
Instead of the pieces of the puzzle coming together and forming any semblance of an image, they were multiplying exponentially. The information Sherlock had received from Zoё had already taken up residence in its proper location in his mind palace, but that didn’t prevent it from creeping up into the forefront of his brain. It persisted in doing so for the entirety of his ride back to Baker Street.
"I look forward to the court case," Sherlock said as he let the police handcuff James from under his body weight. Sherlock stood up and walked over to Lestrade, who held out his hand. Sherlock gave a look to the officer as he sighed and hesitantly shook Lestrade's hand.
"Please help, Madam," John begged, pulling her closer, "he has multiple broken ribs, fractures in the clavicle, and has been having sporadic seizures since we've found him two hours ago," He explained, "You have to clear his airways, Madam!" He pleaded with the witch.
"Hello. Uh, my name is John," John said, clearing his throat. Her eyes lit up at the mention of his name.
"I'll be seeing you in the mess hall, John no-name," Irene said as she giggled, making John remember he'd only given her his first name.
"I didn't know they still existed," Sherlock's eyebrows furrowed. The two boys looked at Sherlock, obviously confused, glancing back at each other for a moment. "There were-are these creatures called Obscuruses," Sherlock began, "They're a dark entity that stirs in young Mud-bloods who are trying to avoid persecution. Too young to attend Hogwarts and sheltered by family, they build up this dark entity with their power until something triggers it, then they let it go. Most Obscurials don't even know it," Sherlock elaborated, leaning in for the boys to hear. "The last one recorded was in the '60s," Sherlock leaned back with a shrug, "And, the kids themselves don't tend to last long; the longest living Obscurial survived until they were 25 in 1946, only because The Nazi's were using him for his power, of course," he gave. Reese's eyebrow bounced up in almost astonishment.
"You don't think he hasn't 'liked' anyone else, with a body like that?" John was beginning to get angry, no. Not angry, John wasn't angry, but he was frustrated, tired, and was being annoyed by William's mature antics.
Even though John wished desperately for his brain to will him to look away from the teen, his eyes were practically glued to his porcelain pale face clad with defined, chiselled cheekbones; the physical definition of the perfectly sculpted nose; the pair of blush pink, cupid's bow lips curling up to a smirk even still; and those eyes-what colour is that, even? Oceanic, heavenly, it needed a name, but it wasn't John's priority then --'Wait, what was I doing?' he asked himself as his eyes slightly widened, and he pulled himself from his daze.
"Sunny side up, or scrambled, darling?" A man's voice asked. Sherlock faintly heard the sizzling of a pan frying something and the smell of eggs cooking in the air filled his nose as he fell into the fireplace, rolling from under the mantle, soot stuck to him like nearby danger. A woman's scream erupted as Sherlock coughed. The boy struggled to his feet,
"Ah-!" He said, tutting John quietly, "Jacob asked me to escort you to your classes, nowhere otherwise," He said. John let out a growl and tried to escape, clawing at the air for the door, but the other perfect held JOhn by the waist and chest to keep him back until he tired himself out. e picked JOhn up and turned him around, "Go up there and get a shower," He said. It took John a moment, but he relented climbing the steps slowly with a loud groan.
"Seriously, though, John," he chuckled, "I have no idea what I would have done if you didn't step up like that," He said, giving John's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. "You're a hero, John," John's eyes widened and he moved back from Jacob,
"No, I'm just saying that there are powerful things that you'll never be capable of, muggle!" John announced with a mouthful of spit violently forced out of John with the intention of causing offence, giving Dimmock's head a ram with his own, knocking him back a few paces. John quickly lifted the thick book of defence above his head and smashed it down onto the boy's head, which was, objectively of course, probably not the best course of action, seeing as the boy's father was currently the Principal of that shitty school. John got suspended and beaten when he'd gotten home.
Sherlock feared he’d made a mistake, miscalculated the signals he’d been getting from John between the bouts of iciness since his return. John rose from the chair, his hands curled into fists. Sherlock was sure his fears were confirmed as he waited for John to strike him. However, John simply grabbed the front of Sherlock’s shirt, and slowly leaned closer to him until their lips touched. Sherlock’s lips were soft against John’s, just the way he’d imagined.
“Lock it again on your way out.” The landlord said, unlocking the door and turning to head back to his flat.
Zoё placed the log back in her desk and began digging through the contents of the middle drawer. After a few seconds, she produced a small silver key dangling from a tattered lanyard. Sherlock took the key and entered Thomas’ office.
The next few minutes passed with Sherlock explaining the contents of Molly’s report, and the non-events that took place during his trip to Agatha’s flat. When he mentioned how he’d gained entrance to her flat, John furrowed his eyebrows.
John found Sherlock seated at the table in the sitting room scribbling on sticky notes and frequently consulting John’s notepad. He was completely immersed in his task and didn’t notice John’s arrival. John crossed the sitting room and peered over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John was still staring at him as he slid his mobile into his trouser pocket. He quickly relayed the conversation he had had with Molly.
John wondered vaguely what Sherlock was working on before making his way into the living room. He looked over at the telly to find that it was tuned to an American soap opera. John watched for a moment as the main character, whose name John couldn’t be bothered to remember- Doctor Handsome, or something to that effect- was standing in an elevator with a woman. As soon as the elevator doors closed, he quickly pressed her up against a wall as they began to kiss passionately. John rolled his eyes and changed the channel.
“Fine,” said Mallory’s father, stepping aside and opening the door, rather reluctantly, to allow Sherlock to walk past him into the flat. Sherlock walked through the small foyer into the living room and offered his hand to the woman seated in a nearby armchair.
Less than an hour later, they left Anthony’s office and headed back to Baker Street. Once they had returned, Sherlock stripped off his coat and put it aside before immediately returning to his stack of sticky notes. He didn’t really feel the need to wait for the report from Molly.
“Onto the subject of your daughter,” Sherlock said, as Gladys’ sentence trailed off at the end. She nodded and shifted slightly in her seat.
It didn’t take Sherlock long to realise he could glean no more information from Mallory’s flat than he had the first time around. Feeling a little discouraged and even more frustrated, Sherlock took a taxi back to Baker Street. Once inside, he stripped off his coat and scarf and flopped down on the sofa. He was still staring at the wall of notes and photos when John returned.
After Sherlock’s return, he had recounted everything that had happened on the rooftop to John. It hadn’t happened right away. He’d never asked, only let Sherlock explain in his own time, at his own pace. John didn’t let his desire to know what had happened outweigh his knowledge of the fact that Sherlock would need time to heal. So, he waited, and he listened. From Moriarty’s admission that there was no computer code that could gain him access to anywhere, to the point where he put a pistol in his mouth and pulled the trigger.
The autopsy report that Molly had sent to Sherlock- along with the photos of the body and crime scene photos- confirmed his earlier suspicions. Molly had found traces of ketamine in Agatha’s blood, and that it had been mixed in with her tea. There was no evidence that epinephrine had been administered, further supporting the classification of her death as a homicide. Of course, Sherlock had never doubted it, ever since Lestrade had described the way the reaction had been triggered.
“Please tell me you’ve had a more productive day that I have,” John said as he put the kettle on. “A ridiculous volume of patients, but none of them suffering anything more serious than a sinus infection.”
“The cut was made post-mortem with a serrated blade ten to fifteen centimeters in length. Is there anything obviously missing from her kitchen? If the killer used one of her knives, the mark could have been an afterthought. But why a two?” Sherlock asked. Both John and Lestrade shrugged.
The killer’s M.O. was all over the place. There was no apparent connection between the victims, who were of different sexes, ages, and races. They had also been killed in different ways, and in different places. If not for the numbers, it was unlikely that any connections could or would have been made between the murders at all.
“As I understand it, you were estranged from your daughter?” Sherlock asked. He momentarily considered taking John’s notepad out of his pocket, and taking notes. Not for himself, however, but because he knew it would be helpful to John later. He drew the notepad out of one pocket and began rifling through the others in search of a pen. He found one after a few seconds, flipped open the notepad, and looked up at Gladys expectantly. She avoided his eyes.
“Come to have another look at the crime scene. Would you mind?” said Sherlock, gesturing to the door. Lestrade said nothing and simply brushed past Sherlock to open the door. Sherlock stuck his hands into his coat pockets and followed Lestrade into the flat. Mallory’s body had long since been taken to the mortuary, but the water was still in the bathtub, and the blood still on the wall and tub. The blood tests hadn’t yet been completed when the reports had been sent over. However, Sherlock had a feeling that all of the blood on the walls and tub belongs to Mallory, and that any trace of her killer had been eliminated with the clipping of her fingernails. The fact that her attacker had thought to cut her nails suggested experience, in the very least with the study of crime, but much more likely in the previous commission of similar offenses.
The table in front of him was littered with sticky notes, both crumpled and intact. Most of them bore nonsense phrases.
More tags will be added as necessary as the story progresses. Certain tags will only apply to certain chapters, and I'll be sure to make note of those at the beginning of those chapters, just in case.
The flat was soon filled with the sounds of pages turning and Sherlock’s scribbling, combined with the sound of John’s typing.
“I’ll ask Molly to send a copy of the autopsy report over as soon as it’s finished,” said Lestrade, scribbling something down on a notepad.
Lestrade left John and Sherlock with the crime scene technicians while he went to see Lila. A truck from the medical examiner’s office had been conveniently parked in front of the entrance to the alley.
A patch over Paul’s left breast pocket read, “Anthony’s Waste Management.” Sherlock bent down to examine it. A few seconds later, he straightened up and pulled out his mobile, and soon had Anthony on the phone.
Sherlock was comparing the ketamine found in Agatha’s blood with that in her tea, for the sake of thoroughness, when John walked in. Sherlock didn’t look up from his samples as John hung up his jacket and joined Sherlock in the kitchen.
Sherlock said nothing, but clucked his tongue and held out his arms to John. John stood up and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. They stayed there for a few minutes, until the tension drained from John’s muscles. He tucked his face into Sherlock’s neck, and pressed a kiss against his jaw.
“I can’t say I’m surprised,” Sherlock replied, glancing at John. “The body, however, has told us quite a bit.”
One night, a particularly nasty rainstorm was drenching Baker Street, and the water was running down the glass of 221B’s windows in wide streams, warping the view from either side of the panes. Inside, Sherlock was sitting in his chair with his legs tucked up underneath him, shouting at the telly, as John sat across the room, typing on his laptop. Sherlock was trying to distract himself with what John called ‘crap telly,’ and it wasn’t working.
More tags will be added as necessary as the story progresses. Certain tags will only apply to certain chapters, and I'll be sure to make note of those at the beginning of those chapters, just in case.
“When you spoke to the ex-wife, did you ask whether our mystery delivery man had been to see Paul before his death?” said John.
John exited Agatha’s flat and took a cab back to Baker Street. Faced with the prospect of what could be several hours of downtime, John elected to boot up his laptop and flesh out what they knew so far. It wasn’t a whole lot, but he knew they had to start somewhere. He wondered vaguely where Sherlock was, before figuring he’d find out when he needed to. As soon as his laptop was ready, John sat down at the table, cracked his knuckles, and started typing.
He got up from his armchair, removed the envelope from his jacket pocket, and handed it to Sherlock before settling on the sofa next to him. Sherlock read the invitation quickly and glanced at the reply slip before putting both back into the envelope.
, but he wasn't terribly stiff either. His hands were palm down on his thighs, and his back was straight, but his sinewy limbs weren't held tensely. It appeared as if Sherlock just didn't know what to do with himself, and John hummed as he made the distinction.
"I'm quite alright," John replied instantly, keeping his voice as level as possible. It helped to keep his gaze fixed on his feet. "Let's go home before someone starts questioning us again."
much. John was no genius, but he knew that Sherlock's incredible mind and skillset came with a price. Things such as social pleasantries probably had no room in that overstuffed brain of his (could a god's brain become overstuffed?), and so John didn't begrudge him that. Maybe it was because he saw Sherlock's mannerisms as quirky more than anything now that they shared a flat, but John didn't see him as a
was just about the right word for it. Tenderness to contrast the magnetism, easy companionship to temper the flame that burned in him every time he saw Sherlock smirk or toss curls out of his face or stride with purpose through a sea of faded people.
Luckily, the medics arrived at that point, and John was tossed into a whirlwind of activity that drove all nonessential thoughts from his head as he spun from one set of hands to the next. By the end of it, John came to rest against a squad car outside the warehouse, a shock blanket over his shoulders to ward off the London chill and his wounds treated by nameless hands that weren't quite as good as his.
"Sherlock-" John started, startled and more than a little panicked as he met that blue, scrutinizing gaze. He
. Perhaps he offered fleeting moments of amusement that his friend enjoyed, but John wasn't half as clever or handsome as the person Sherlock ultimately deserved.
"That is all I wanted to say. I just couldn't say it with you looking at me," Sherlock confessed in a rushed exhale. "Your eyes are very distracting sometimes."
He was also visually striking, with a bony appearance and lean grace that John could never hope to possess. Sherlock cut an imposing and unnecessarily dramatic figure in his ever-present trench coat, the dark colors he tended to wear bringing out the translucent quality to his skin and the paleness of his eyes. There were times, in the gray, grim surroundings of London that he'd attracted quick second glances as he strolled past, all long legs and trailing coat and a motive powering his stride that John never learned till later, or sometimes never. John couldn't blame the people that stared. Sherlock exuded a sense of purpose no one could begin to understand and, dare he say it,
"Like you wouldn't believe," Sherlock growled, hands greedily slipping up his shirt. "You get quiet when you're sick. And you slept a lot."
"No, no, I'm fine," John mumbled, praying fervently that his red cheeks could be sufficiently blamed on the nippy wind today, "Might be a bit of shock. Good thing you got me when you did."
Sherlock extended a rare helping hand to him that John hesitated only momentarily in taking. His body swayed as he stood upright, and he shivered as Sherlock led him out into the much cooler hallway.
Sherlock relaxed beneath him, letting out the nervous tension with a sigh. John held on tighter, satisfied that, at least for the moment, the matter had been settled.
sitting in his chest that screamed at him to pay attention to Sherlock and forget his hurts for the moment.
"Cheeky, impertinent bastard," Sherlock muttered, but the affection was so clear in his voice that the humor John had used to alleviate the swoop in his stomach was rendered useless.
"Of course. I make a note to remember what you say when I can," he said honestly, "You always say such clever things…"
box of tea and come back to see you sprawled on the floor!" Sherlock said indignantly, already probing the back of his head for any signs of injury.
"You're better at it than you think," John said, and he meant it. It was odd but suited Sherlock, and above all, it was genuine; these words whispered in the dark, tethered together by a hand deft enough to handle scientific discoveries and tease notes out of a violin.
John blinked at the ceiling, the nagging sensation dissipating a bit as the question was formulated in his wired mind. His eyes were beginning to droop, but now that he'd found some kind of thought process, he wasn't going to let it go yet. The red dials of his clock said 3:48 A.M, but his mind said,
He hated seeing that conflicted look on Sherlock's face. It was the one where he was genuinely trying to help and was aware he was being made a joke out of and
"You sit on the couch all the time, whenever you want," he pointed out, and Sherlock made a noncommittal sound before taking a decisive step forward.
The question slipped out-as many seemed to when John was around Sherlock-and hung in the dusty air. Now that the blood was slowing beneath his expert hands and a bit of the frenetic energy was calming beneath his skin, John could allow his eyes to look at Sherlock, whose mouth was now twitching into a smile.
He was still getting to know Sherlock and the helter-skelter life he'd suddenly found himself in, but that didn't matter to John. He was a doctor for God's sake, and while the war may have given him some rough edges, he still held an unwieldy amount of compassion and care.
"That took approximately 8 minutes longer than I anticipated," Sherlock remarked, stopping before him with a disgruntled look on his still slightly too pale face. "I think dispatch is starting to get savvier with who they send out when my name is involved. Mycroft might also have something to do with this."
Sherlock barked out a laugh, and John relaxed into him as he began to go on a tangent about mules and the tea he'd bought that he thought might be worth a shot.
), the man was also blunt to a fault, possibly sociopathic, and incredibly arrogant. Sherlock Holmes had little regard for social niceties, considered his older brother (who came off as
John didn't like the sight of blood. He was of the medical opinion shared by just about everyone logical that it was better
"I lit it five minutes ago," Sherlock said, raising the candle and leaning over John's bed to rest it on his nightstand, "Now I am sure it won't bother you."
John watched, waiting, not daring to breathe from his side of the kitchen lest he disrupt Sherlock in any way. Perhaps there was still something that could be salvaged.
Sherlock, however, was still trying to figure out how to show what he wanted to say and say what he thought he should show. He didn't have experience exposing himself because to be loved, one had to be known, and Sherlock was so used to knowing everything about everyone and no one knowing anything besides the pertinent information about him that he struggled opening up. All the convoluted languages that love came in were foreign to him, and Sherlock was
A command. John obeyed automatically like the soldier he was, his mind flatlining for a brief moment as he stepped back to the other side of the kitchen and let Sherlock go.
With that final gasp of his name, Sherlock ceased talking, and John reveled in his victory for a few more sweet seconds before pulling back to admire his handiwork.
"I…care about you, very much John. I think I have in some measure before I realized your attempts at bettering and preserving my health came from love deeper than that of friendship. Forgive me for being slow on the uptake."
Sherlock sounded confused, caught off guard by what John could only suspect was a fierce intensity in his eyes. He'd always had an open face and heart with lovers, and after all the quiet, pent up pining, John could do little to stem the tidal wave that poured out to make his muscles tremble and skin burn hot with want.
"Don't speak," John said stiffly, fingers pressed tight on the makeshift bandage fashioned from his shirt. He'd draped his jacket over Sherlock to help abate shock, leaving his torso bare and vulnerable to the chill nip of the air. Not that he gave two flying
However, John wasn't nearly as used to the instances where people spewed vitriol at Sherlock. It was one thing to snap at the man when he'd been rude, and yet another to pick and prod at him when he hadn't instigated anything at all. It infuriated him, many times to the point of intervention if only so actual
"Why that specific word?" John asked, enjoying the mild shiver his lips against Sherlock's skin drew.
The cracks deepened, but Sherlock didn't seem to feel or notice them. His eyes were alight now, revealing a spark of life that set him apart from the crowd that teemed around them. There was the passion, the wild, vicious struggle against boredom and stagnation that characterized him.
John shuddered, entangling himself from the covers, nearly panicking when one of his feet wouldn't come free, before stumbling towards the door. In his hazy half-awake state, Sherlock sounded a hell of a lot better than the disorienting clash of the two environments around him: one hot, bloody, and dry; the other wet, loud, and howling.
"I'm afraid John's right," he said, making a great show of looking bored and discontent with his surroundings. However, John could see in his eyes that he was highly amused by his little speech. "I had every intention of speaking to Lestrade and leaving, but John persuaded me otherwise. However, not even his alluring charms can keep me here for much longer-"
Logically, John knew it would be alright. Sherlock hadn't been cut deep or in a highly vulnerable spot; the assailant had gotten a lucky jab in the soft flesh about two inches above his hip bone, so close to the edge of his side that if Sherlock had moved to the right a little faster he wouldn't have been hit at all.
"I don't know if that's good or bad!" he exclaimed, laughing as Sherlock dragged his shirt off of him.
Sherlock blinked, and John watched his eyelashes cast shadows down his pale cheeks as he did. Then his eyes drifted downward, and he knew Sherlock was aware of this as his face became an unreadable slate.
"Pardon?" John asked as Sherlock tugged on his hair. He thought he had an idea of what "this" was, but he didn't want to misinterpret anything now at such a crucial moment.
He ignored that issue for the time being, letting his eyes drift in an arc around the rest of the living room.
So, he said nothing as their arms remained linked all the way home. John simply relished the warmth of Sherlock's presence and breathed in the wet smell of London left from the earlier drizzles, content to be the unobtrusive man in the deceivingly soft jumper.
Sherlock set down his book on a small stack already formed on the table. In the early morning light, his hair momentarily lit up like a halo before he sat back and blocked most of the light. John shifted a bit in his warm cocoon, turning just enough to look at the man.
"You always sell yourself short. You possess a lot more than you think you know, otherwise, we wouldn't be in this position, now would we?"
"Christ, that's bad," he coughed, waving a hand in front of his face to dispel the last of the smoke. "What on
(John suspected that Sherlock tried so hard to look put together because he'd looked anything but in his days as an addict, but he wouldn't say so out loud. He was ultimately a man of tact, and he knew it would only earn him a long stretch of sullen, brooding silence from Sherlock and screeching violin noises that could barely constitute as music.)
Sleep was another thing Sherlock held contempt for. The hours he kept were irregular to the highest degree, and John had long given up on trying to get him to sleep a regular 8 hours each night. So, John took a different approach and asked him to keep it down at night and threw a blanket over Sherlock when he finally fell asleep in some odd place in the flat. John learned quickly that Sherlock wasn't a deep sleeper, and he didn't want to rob the man of the precious time he needed to rest. On extremely rare occasions, Sherlock would fall asleep on his shoulder, and John would hold out as long as he could (as if he was dealing with a
Either way, Sherlock's deceptively normal outer appearance masked the fact that underneath the clothes, the man was barely keeping it together physically. It was a solid fact, but one that John approached as objectively as possible, both due to his occupation and because he and Sherlock were still feeling the other out in the new partnership they'd formed. Everything John had done so far was under the reasoning of medical and professional reasons; he'd have been spitting on the Hippocratic Oath if he
"You haven't been sleeping, and yet this is your first time out on the couch. This means you've decided to keep your nightmares to yourself up until now," Sherlock murmured, deep voice even deeper in the early morning. It didn't help keep John awake at all, "Does the war still haunt you?"
"Your expression is priceless," Sherlock remarked, glancing down at him fondly as he carried him out of his room-their room now really, but John hadn't quite gotten around to moving many of his things over when Sherlock had the space so neat and tidy in his machinations.
with him even though John was sure he'd mumbled more than once that Sherlock didn't have to go stir crazy and stay home on his behalf.
John snapped. He ran after William and tackled him. John rolled the taller boy over and, as he straddled the other, John swung a right-hook to William's nose, then pulled his hair to bash the back of it into the floor. A few punches later and John stood up, blinking around to regain his full consciousness, and as he looked down to see William's blood on his hands, John's eyes went wide. Even still, William narrowed his eyes as he tried to sit up, trying to analyze John's seemingly surprised expression. John looked fervently at Irene, who'd somehow walked up next to him when she put a hand on his shoulder.
John woke up to the rushing catastrophe that was the Gryffindors in the morning, but this morning was different because John didn't make it to History of Magic class.
"I suppose, we could become friends," Sherlock said, snapping himself from his daze. Then, he remembered the book he'd gotten. He pulled it from behind him. "I got this from the library." He said.
He barged into the first-years' dorm and plopped onto his bed, harshly drawing the blue and grey curtains around so he could have some kind of privacy. He'd read his book until it was time for supper.
"Probably," John muttered. Jacob sighed. "John, I know you probably don't want the friend to get into trouble, but he's most likely in danger if he's in the Forbidden Forest." He said only making John's worry grow, "what is his name?"
"They told me I had to do things to them. I had to do things that I didn't want to do," William said as he tensed up,
It was too late to write a reply and they'd probably be on their way in the morning, arriving in two days. John felt... Well, he didn't really know how to feel, it was still such a shock to him. His mum told him to focus on his school work, so why was she so quick to change her mind like this...?
"That's all you've got?" He asked, leaning forward to try peeking into the pouch. John frowned for a moment but reigned his expression in quickly.
"Came to return the car, silly," Sherlock said, uncharacteristically as he let out another brief laugh to himself. "That, and to see if brother mine was okay. Oh, and Greg was talking to me about the case," He explained, "Miss me already?" He flirted with a supposed wink from the other side.
They snickered as John quite literally had to wrap his arms around Sherlock's chest and hold him up as he used the urinal, then the same as he washed his hands. They weren't at the age where it was considered awkward yet. It was all just funny,
"Great, how would you do it, then?" John asked sarcastically annoyed. Sherlock grabbed John's hand, which was shaking. He steadied it in a calm position. He guided John's hands to the stack of books, which caused him to stand behind John as he slowly brought his voice low,
"That's good," He said, "you were, uh, pre-prepared...?" He ended with a higher pitch and John couldn't help but laugh.
"What do you mean, I'm weird?" William asked, furrowing his eyebrows again, catching up to John as he continued his steady pace, making John chuckle.
Sherlock got his punishment the next afternoon, though. Sherlock'd just gotten back from a class and Sebastian was there holding a new book Sherlock'd bought but not yet gotten the chance to read. Sherlock froze. There was another paper underneath the book Sebastian was holding. He wasn't reading the book itself.
"Yes, It's small and meant for only one person, so it's perfect," William said as he hung up his coat behind the door. William took off his vest and unbuttoned his collar-up shirt. John only took off his coat and shoes at the door. He sat down on William's bed next to him.
"No, John! It's me," Sherlock said, pulling up his sleeve, revealing the faint yet still present scar on his right forearm.
"Of course, I did," he said, looking back to the letters He slipped the letter from Dumbledore back into its envelope. Mary looked back, "but he's the one who hazed Sherlock, so how could I not?" He asked, tensing his fists on the table. Mary placed her hand on John's, making John jump a bit.
"More like lovesick by the looks of that relaxed smile." The one sitting next to him said, and the others at the table laughed. John never really felt like he belonged like he was supposed to. The sergeant called him out on everything, everyone made fun of him for being an army doctor after having gone to such a prestigious college as a teen, and John didn't understand why. So what, he joined the army? So what, he wanted t to be a doctor, as well? So what, if every other night he lies awake wondering about the same blurred out, a gorgeous face he'd almost met with his own years ago? It was all in the past, and for al John knew, William could be dead, now. John'd found out about that poor boy's drug use, and he sadly assumed that the secretly sweet boy he once knew was no longer.
"Kid, you were only but in college when that murder happened," The officer scoffed as he leaned back in the chair.
Who was Sherlock to say something he already knew anyway? Who did he think he was to make John believe he'd be different than the rest of them? "Yep," John muttered through tightened lips, tapping the table. He grunted lightly as he stood and rejoined his table.
"You weren't exactly the quietest when asking for directions," John's heart skipped a beat as he saw the smirk on William's face reappear.
John's back ached severely as he began pulling the boy through the path they took to get to the scene. Every now and then, he'd look down at Sherlock to whisper and try to coax him through what he was going through. John couldn't even possibly imagine!
"Mary," Molly Hopper said softly, walking to her. Sherlock looked back up and his eyes widened when he saw that Mary was crying. Her hands quickly balled up, wiping her stinging tears from just below her eyes. Sherlock opened her mouth, but Molly looked, glared down at him, "I think you've said enough, freak," Sherlock wasn't sure what to say about that. He hadn't really known Molly that well, he had Astronomy and Herbology with her, but that was all. Sherlock just shut his mouth, wordlessly. Molly guided Mary away from the boy, whispering encouragement to her as if she was a victim of a major crime.
"Yeah, does a friend ignore you and avoid you for two weeks straight?" William asked. The surprised and hurt expression John wore, tore William's heart. "No, John. Wait, I-" William began as John stood up and turned to the door. William stood as well.
"Freak," Sebastian snarled as he pushed him into the wall next to the door on his way in. William waited patiently. Well, as patiently as one with a case of clinical Asperger's can be at this point.
"Stay here and find out more, then when I get back, we can discuss again," John said, starting to walk away. "Don't worry; It'll be fine," John reassured as he let a smile warm up to his face. It took William a bit to calculate, however, he nodded in agreement nonetheless.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt cold autumn air hit his face, but he couldn't move. He could hear someone heaving breaths and muttering to himself. John,
"H-how can he be a snitch? Was he transfigured?" She hissed in a whisper. John furrowed his eyebrows.
"You want to learn the history of postmodern existentialist fiction writers?" She doubted. John nodded, seeming over enthusiastic. He drummed his hand to the side of his leg in anxiety. Pince rose an eyebrow but chose not to further question nerve-wracked boy, who just wanted to get out of there...! John hurried from the library, giving but an unsure glance behind him to the group of Slytherin students, still rowdying up their spot.
"Yes, and even if all of this were true, Holmes, how have we not been able to find it?" Harry asked, pushing his glasses up his nose with a finger.
"What's up with you, Will? You've been acting different ever since that man came for you that day." John asked, turning to reveal his angered and confused face.
As they ate, they studied transfiguration. The wand movements were confusing to John. He was used to the stereotypical waving when it came to wands, but this was real magic, not play pretend witches-and-wizards -- cops-and-robbers. During dinner, however, an owl dropped a few things in front of John, surprising him. One of them was from his mum. When did she learn how to send owls? John thought with a chuckle. One was, surprisingly enough, from Mrs &Mr Holmes, which kind of scared him. One of them was from Professor and headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, which tied with the Holmes' for which one he should worry for the most...
"He basically called Snape irresponsible because a Slytherin first-year threw her Gobstones at us in the courtyard during lunch," John said, strumming a harmonious chord, "and it was Snape's supervision shift,"
"It doesn't concern you, first-year," Reese said smoothly. Sherlock pulled a chair our nonetheless, making them sigh and look at one another.
"An hour and a half. Then, I'll need a shower when I get back, so make it about two hours." John said, pulling his shirt down to ensure he wasn't stomach-flashing William, once again feeling a bit insecure about his weight.
"Oh, no. I was about to go back to my dorm anyway; You should go, John." William butt in as John looked at him with the same caring smile. John's smile faded.
"You're in the same house," John said as he looked up at Sherlock, who faced forward with a stone-cold expression.
"Like hell!" Shouted the boy who hurried John from the cabin. He looked absolutely livid. John looked back at Sherlock. He looked scared, confused, mindless. The Slytherin around the yelling teen pulled him down as scattered, reluctant clapping from the Ravenclaw table. Mrs McGonagall lifted the hat from Sherlock's head. He slowly stood, his head down, and began walking to the table he now belonged to.
"Well, then, what was the point of even coming to this lousy school?" John asked, scoffing as he ran a hand through his sandy hair, "Was I just supposed to meet you and then, completely change my entire life plan to fit into yours?" John asked sarcastically, unaware that the boy pacing was breaking by his words.
"Ah, no need to lie, Mycroft," Sherlock said, scooping out his plate of food, "It's okay to say that I went on an insufferable, yet somehow tolerable renewal outing with my rehab group," Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head as he looked up. John's eyes kind of raised, "Three years sober, as of last week," He seemed bashful. Not ashamed, like he'd regretted getting into... whatever he'd gotten into, but more so, like a kid who was being confronted about a kiss,
"Holmes, may I ask what your infatuation with the Gryffindor behind you might be?" Snape asked, not bothering to close the space between them to make it a private matter.
"You want one?" William asked, nudging John's arm, "Nicotine free," William smiled as John looked over, confused. William took out a cigarette carton and opened it to pluck two hand-rolled cigarettes.
"... that you shagged my brother in the kitchen as I was puking," The voice revealed itself with the distinguished sound of Sherlock's purring chuckle. John felt his knees go weak.
It wasn't until they went to the Mess Hall for food that William remembered that he had John's coat and clean clothes in his room, and John was wearing his clothes, which looked really good on him, mind you. William was sitting at their table, waiting as John got lunch, and it wasn't until another boy shouldered him out of spite that he noticed he was staring at John. William rubbed his shoulder as John approached.
"Greg," she sighed, dropping her folded arms, as she started towards the two, "He's telling the truth. It was my fault; I lost my cool with Billy and he was trying to separate us,"
"Yes, I know about all of that. I've done punnet squares before," John groaned. "What's dee nova, though?"
"Jim, long time, mate," Sherlock said with a chuckle, holding up a fist for Jim to bump his own with. Jim only but looked at it as the others behind him did so, too. They were confused, which made Sherlock confused. He slowly lowered the fist with furrowed brows as the boys behind Jim began laughing.
"The code for these numbers, they don't make sense," he sighed again, picking up the black expo marker. Marking up the board, Harold didn't stop or slow down as he heard John stand. "The only explanation for this would be to assume that: One, there are three numbers in lieu of our usual one; Two, these numbers aren't all numbers, so they must be foreign, somehow," Harold said, capping the marker. There were, as Harold had said, three separated keys to three different lives, they assumed.
"It's Christmas Eve, Sherlock," John said with a shrug, "You could come to my house; Dad usually passes out early on these kinds of days," John offered. Sherlock accepted without a second thought.
They ended up walking together. Their houses were right next to one another, so John walked Sherlock to the entrance to Ravenclaw common room.
Raider's was absolute HELL. John was almost too exhausted to get back to his room. As the leader of the group, and his future teacher in JROTC, Lieutenant Flood was wrapping up, John could only ponder what William's found out about the painting. However, John didn't even feel like talking to anyone. John dragged himself from the group as the Lt. called for him.
"Carter," she sighed. Her office was busy. Some of the younger, lady police officers were beaming with delight as they heard they'd be getting a tall, handsome set of British men to work with for the week and a half,
"Well, I don't pity you, I'm just helping you up is all. It's the least I could do after I just watched and didn't do anything." John said as he smiled, keeping his one hand on William's shoulder and the other was holding his. John glanced down and was surprised by his hesitance to let go. John quickly shook his hands off of William and cleared his throat.
"Sherlock," The young man said, shaking the older man's hand, but he sat down, refusing to shake the other young man's hand. The other looked a bit cross about it. "Do forgive me. I don't shake with interns," Sherlock said with an amused smile.
"Hey, let's go to my dorm; Sebastian already doesn't like me. He'd go bloody mad if I chased after you after an argument, then bring you back as high as a kite." John agreed with a laugh and a nod.
"With actual swords? Yes, It was bloody terrifying!" They chuckled some more as John helped him out of the chair and quickly folded it, "But, with our willies? Hell no!" They snickered once more, John carrying the chair with his right arm and keeping his left open in case Sherlock needed help.
"Just answer the bloody question," the boy insisted, pushing at John, who cautiously secured his book to his chest with both arms. Dimmock laughed stupidly. John contorted his face with anger and thought about using one of those jinxes right then and there. No, John breathed, calming himself. He opened his eyes,
Landing to the snow, the boy's laughed again. John rolling off of Sherlock to breathe. They stood and Sherlock grabbed John's hand without a second thought. They ran across the street, Sherlock nearly getting hit by a car.
"Modern Warfare bloody sucks," the senior of the two mocked bitterly. Sherlock just wanted to go to class...!
"Huh, where?" came the muffled, distant response. Even more so in the space between them, Sherlock had responded with,
"Well, when I'm around them, my chest feels tight and I find it hard to find my breath," William gestured to his chest with his hand, "My hands shake, my mind is blurred, and their laugh makes my ears ring." The nurse stopped writing things down after he mentioned his windedness.
"Somehow, I feel bad for the fraud," John's voice, smooth as ever, rolled through the line as he continued to take pictures of the three men in the room.
John hit the water and it hit his head like a brick. His brain was pounding and every part of John's body was screaming. John kicked his legs to get above the surface. When he was, his lungs ached with air and he was coughing up some water. John was about to start swimming to the shore, but he saw the wheelchair on its side and noticed that Sherlock hadn't resurfaced yet.
With all of the pent up anger and conflictions, John was exhausted when he got home and only ended up destroying half of his room before passing out on his bed.
Suddenly, Sherlock's hand, as if on its own accord, had moved to grab John's holding it as they stood outside the hotel, waiting for the cab they'd called just before the argument had happened. "I'm sorry,"
"Well," John started, "where do I start?" John laughed and William waited for the story to unfold. "I was born, April 14th, 1969. I grew up moving around a lot; most of my life was spent in Dublin, the Catholic part, so when we moved back into London, everyone noticed I had an Irish twinge to my accent, and they were ruthless with the teasing. They would call me, 'IRA Boy,' or shit like that. Nobody actually wanted to fight me, except for my dad. I would constantly try to spend the night out, doing anything but listen to them fight. He'd get physical quickly. That scar you'd asked about, on the train," John lifted his hand for William to look at, which he did. William gently grabbed John's hand and examined it.
John opened the cabin door with a slide and walked inside. The boy opened his eyes and looked up from his hands, which were strategically steepled under his nose and chin. John tried to be quieter as he shut the door and walked further into the little room. John sat down, looking at the boy across from him. The boy unfolded himself from the seat, placing his feet to the floor quietly, neatly folding his hands over his lap, and looked John up and down as he carefully placed his Uke on the seat cover next to him.
She opened up to John about not belonging here. John opened up about how he related to that. They quickly became close acquaintances and they, even sooner it seemed, arrived at the training grounds.
"William, let's go!" There was a loud knocking at the door with a voice blaring from the outside. John jumped out of startlement. He blinked rapidly as he'd realised their faces were a bit closer than before. John took an anxious step back and looked at William with a smile. John quickly straightened William's tie before he could turn away from him. John softly nodded and looked up at William, but couldn't look him in the eye. William could probably guess what was going through John's mind: 'What would've happened if we weren't interrupted?' That was also because William himself was asking himself the same question.
"Somebody's already jacked him, but I've got the doctor's phone," John said, looking down at his own phone's screen, the confirmation of him forcing it to pair was right there, "Which means, not five minutes into the country and he's already being tailed," he said, lingering in the mix of people to look at the three men had exited the terminal, "he must be in some kind of trouble,"
"Why are you smiling?" William asked as the slightest bit of anger rose up in his voice as if John was mocking him for having feelings for him.
By the time John arrived at the library, William was almost done the project and didn't want John to see the massive amount of work he'd accomplished. He'd want to ruin it.
Sherlock turned his mobile off as the three of them headed out to Mycroft's arranged car, which drove them to the airport.
No one else volunteered as John had, so McGonagall just read off the list of names to the group of many. "Ben Cooper," she called. A blonde boy shyly set himself from the herd and sat on the stool. He was a Gryffindor.
After a few moments, Victor pulled back and smirked widely at his friend. "Good night, Sherlock," Victor said as he took in a large breath.
"The man who will 'help you,' break the Hudson drug ring. Now, shut up and let me do your work," Sherlock said.
John ran to the rugby field, where he knew the Raider's would be held. John could see a small group, with no one else heading there, making John worry that he'd been late for the first day. As he got there, the group of kids were standing there. One boy walked up and patted John's back.
Last night, after meeting with Dumbledore and Jim -- ugh! John went back to his house way later than he thought. The dorms were silent, which was a grand feat. He lied in bed with his blanket over his head so the Lumos charm wouldn't wake the others. John decided to look at Holmes' letter before his mum's. He figured he wouldn't react nearly as bad if the seemingly strict parent of Sherlock had announced an unfortunate event than if it were his own.
"And, what point would that be?" John asked, looking at Sherlock instead of in front of him. Sherlock looked at John,
"Hey, Scot!" One of the bullies called from down the hall. John sighed, rolling his eyes. He slowed to a stop in the middle of the hallway and turned, closing his charms book, which was the only thing, save for his wand, left from Hogwarts.
Snape quickly dropped what he wanted to tell Sherlock, making them both very suspicious of the teacher. John opened the chair and helped Sherlock sit. As soon as they were out of the room, Sherlock laughed, "I'm glad he didn't agree to that," Sherlock chuckled, "'cause I have to pee," John laughed.
"I'm just feeling so flattered that you'd let me interrupt your lesson," He said with a sarcastic look of admiration. The kids in the class couldn't get over the fact that it was actually him, "What're you lot looking at?" He hissed annoyedly, glancing over to see John chuckling, hiding his wide grin with his hand.
Since then, Sherlock began to move in, however, since the world revolved around how much money one has, Sherlock either had to find a real job or get a flatmate to help with expenses.
John didn't buy an owl. John's dad wasn't on to let him have a bird in the house, squawking it up in the middle of the bloody night. John's mum took a sweeter approach and told him to maybe focus on school and not so much on pets as this was a once in a lifetime opportunity for him. John certainly didn't want to disappoint his mum, so he agreed that he didn't need a pet to go with him to Hogwarts.
"Sebastian shut it, or should I tell the whole lot who you've gotten off with last night?" The boy said irritably as he was so frustrated with how much this young man was yapping about lies.
"Well, what are you, then? I mean, if not a tinker-kid, of course?" John asked as he carried his trainers over to the doormat on atop the carpet next to the doorframes and dropped them there, earning an annoyed glance from his roommate as he turned around and put his goggles on once more to continue working.
"There's no bloody service," He groaned, then snapped his head to look at Mike, "Mike, may I borrow your phone?" He asked, agitated. John found out earlier that Mike had broken his phone this morning. Or, he dropped it and, 'the rocks broke it,' as Mike defended.
Molly tried to flirt with him once more. Just as he was about to give in to her superficial banter and throw her a bone for once, Mike decided to hurl him a prehistoric fossil.
"Don't worry, Sherlock," Victor said with a smile warmer than anything Sherlock'd seen in a while as he placed his hand on Sherlock's, "I'll help you through this if you'd like. Y'know, support? Go, team!" Victor chuckled with Sherlock.
"What an insipid question to ask me," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes, "an endless circle has no beginning, surely," he groaned. The door slowly opened and Sherlock entered angrily, stomping up the stairs to the dormitories.
"I started to suspect on this very couch," Sherlock mused, drawing his hand down the knobs of John's spine, "That morning I found you out here and I explained what hypnagogic meant. But it wasn't until later, when you used that word so casually, and correctly, that I knew."
Sherlock was a bastard in many ways that John could list meticulously if given the opportunity, but right now, he was specifically a bastard for moving and for bleeding and for
There were more words along those lines, always said when he was drifting off to sleep. Sherlock's voice became a low murmur that John sometimes caught and sometimes didn't, but the tone was always the same. It became gentler; so soft that it was always lost in the end to the sleep that swallowed it up.
John harrumphed but took the opportunity to smile at his back before following. He already knew just how big Sherlock would want the pieces, but he didn't think he'd caught on to that yet.
for the first time in a few days, the words came back to haunt him in a way he didn't quite understand.
"I am...not good at offering comfort," Sherlock murmured, hand a bit clumsy as it moved to clasp his neck, "I don't know if I'm doing this right."
in the fight, the buzz of combat something he'd been almost lost without when he'd come back to London, limping from a psychosomatic wound and unsure of what to do. There had been no strict orders to follow contrasted by the chaos of battle; just a sea of concrete and steel and his skin itching as he blended back into the crowd. He had tried to let it all go, to do what the therapist told him, but it just didn't work. Normal wasn't
fucking friend I've ever had. But you're also someone I love, and I cannot love, because to love you is something I have to keep secret so I can keep caring for you the way I've had and that you need. But I've come to care so
Yes, there was no doubt Sherlock cared. He had funny ways of showing it, but that was only to be expected. It was Sherlock Holmes he was dealing with after all.
That didn't keep John's expert hands from nearly dropping the bandages he was carefully folding around Sherlock's fingers.
He turned on his heel and began to put the cold items away, too caught off guard to say anything else.
"Right. I'll just…oh, forget it," John said, shaking his head in half-frustration and half fondness as Sherlock buzzed like a bee over his findings, "A storm…honestly."
"Bastards don't get my bedside manners," John retorted, watching the sparkle brighten Sherlock's eyes. Only he could be so amused at being insulted while being treated for a stab wound.
the violin at all once John had gone to bed. John was a light sleeper nowadays; he would've heard it. Therefore, the unpredictable man thought he was sound asleep right now.
shot and bleeding), it seemed his brain was satisfied and wanted to shut down. John, while more than happy to comply with the neurological impulse, had no idea how'd he get himself back to his bed to do so.
Sherlock backed away. John threw salt on the fire, turned down the burner, moved the pan, and found a lid for it all calmly, only turning to face Sherlock once the pan was sequestered to a back burner and some of the smoke dissipated.
, the past few days," he started haltingly, fingers tightening reflexively in the back of John's shirt.
. You…you wanker!" John exclaimed with a part huff of outrage and part chuckle. He was more than aware of Sherlock's dark sense of humor, but this was a different brand of teasing he wasn't used to.
-approached a subject he wasn't even sure he wanted to speak about. How could he put into words what he did for Sherlock beyond the obvious?
ever initiate cuddling. He let John do it and accepted the affections with genuine want-John would've kept back if he thought Sherlock didn't like it-but it had always been him doing it.
"Well, if you're sure," Sherlock mused, letting go of his face and rubbing his chin, "Here, step this way. The wind is making your face all red."
A shiver ran down John's spine, his reaction so visceral at the unexpected depth and fierceness in Sherlock's tone that he couldn't help but comply.
"Uh, n-no, I actually got into a school in Scotland," John said tentatively, "It's for... the g-gifted," His face contorted on one side as if adjusting to the clouded sun.
"Alright, then," Sherlock managed as they calmed from their fit, "what would you pick, then?" he asked. Victor wiped a tear of joy from his eye.
"What's wrong?" John asked, still sitting with his legs crossed. Harold sighed, making John sit forward.
"I was just wondering," Dimmock said with a smirk, "that gifted school teach you how to fight, Scot?" Scot being one of the stupidest ways of incorrectly placing a racial slur against John.
"What're you gonna do, Capt'n?" She questioned sarcastically with a bitter scoff before she took another sip and muttered into the cup, "shoot me?"
"What?" Sherlock asked, blinking at this new accusation with a clueless manner. "Why do you think I was involved?" He asked,
A few days before the Christmas holiday and Sherlock was wondering what John would be doing for festivities. Sherlock would be staying at Hogwarts, mostly alone. Most of the Ravenclaw students were heading to their homes, but they weren't defying a hundred --or so-- year genetic legacy, so Sherlock had that rooting against him. Mycroft was going home, leaving hii brother to suffer i silence for mor thhan one reason.
"You're a genius, Will," John practically sang as he ruffled a hand through his friend's curls. William ducked his head and chuckled.
"I-I mean, yeah. She'll be okay in like, an hour, so..." John flashed a smile up at Sherlock, who offered to study with him later.
"This was all I could find," John said, feeling insecure about his persuasion skills as Mike had more people than him.
"I'm in the hospital wing at Hogwarts school for witchcraft and wizardry," He answered, rolling his eyes, but even that felt like too much.
"Girlfriend, no," William said, focusing on the horizon as he did, "not really my area, to be honest." Which seemed to take John aback a bit.
"You may think you two go unnoticed," Sherlock said, shuffling himself closer to the boy, his hand still lying comfortably across the older Ravenclaw's shoulder, "but I notice everything," Sherlock gently dragged out. Finally leaning back, Sherlock smiled, letting his head turn ever so slightly to meet the eyes of John Reese, incredibly handsome for wanting to stay unseen in life. Sherlock stood with a grunt, pushing in his chair, leaning against it for a moment or two longer, grabbing the one crutch he used for tonight. Sherlock gave Harry's back a few pats, "Laters," He drug out again, more cheerful and loud for both Johns to hear, then limped to the door, where he picked up his other crutch by the door and leave.
"Yeah, five years ago. It was so deep that they said I needed stitches when it happened, but we didn't have the money for the co-pays for the appointments and things, so it healed improperly and they say it'll always be there," John said as he brushed his own hand through his hair as William was neglecting it.
"Here, make a list of Muggle-born children our age and younger from these files and we'll check their listed addresses in the office,"
Those eyes were tonight. That cold stare right through him, John hated these nights as he usually stayed up on these nights, thinking of what could've been.
By dinner, John was expected to have left the patient room, but he was still there, playing little tunes and humming to them. Greg came in after dinner and said Jacob collected classwork for him from the classes he'd missed.
"How dare you!? You may not like the way you are, but that doesn't mean you can just accuse men of sleeping with your wife like that! She was very loyal to you, and very kind and caring towards you; more than you deserve!" John defended, then sighed.
"I-it just seems too early," Their father said, his hands folded in front of his face. Sherlock bitterly chuckled, "What, am I gonna steal your hip waders?" He looked up harshly at his father, then glanced around the table with the same attitude, "I mean, come on! There's nothing to sell," Sherlock took another bite. "Oh, wait. There is that dinosaur telly that doesn't even work anymore," He said through his mouthful.
"That Ravenclaw kid has been hanging out with Victor Trevor a lot, hasn't he?" One first-year asked in a gossip circle. A lot of them suspect that Sherlock and Victor may have held hands at one point. John didn't mind Why would he? I mean, he and Sherlock never held hands, so it didn't matter, right?
Sherlock turned a corner somewhere along the way and he felt a pair of hands grip the back of his robe and pull him. Sherlock was thrown against the wall, where he lost his breath, falling with gravity to the cold, stone floor. That Slytherin boy from the library the other night; he was Harry's tail and he did not look happy as he crouched down to intimidate Sherlock,
"Surprisingly soft," John said as he bounced on it a couple of times. As William slipped his arms out of his shirt and was left with only a white tee, Sherlock lied on his back against the wall. John decided to use William as a pillow. He leaned back and laid his head on William's stomach, earning a laugh from the taller boy.
Walking, Sherlock took the stairs to the west lower floor instead of the west towers, where both of their houses were.
"Um, well," Jacob said, struggling with the words to say what he wanted, "it's a bad way of saying it. Like, um... I-I don't want to say that it's racist, but it's kind of like that, you know?"
They soon we're dispersed to find their houses. John spent little time socializing. He went to bed early, just lying there as he repeated the words in his mind.
It was nearly midnight when Jacob wandered down the stairs to the common room, where John sat still strumming tiredly at the strings of his small instrument.
The next morning, Sebastian had classes, which he wrote on a note, which left John in the dorm alone to think about what he'd done when yesterday. John felt bad about hurting William, but sulking about it would only make the next meeting point that much more awkward. John got up and his head spun. He looked over the side of his bed to see the pale wasn't just half filled with bloody water. There was regurgitation in it, too. John understood, then, why he felt so hungry when he woke, however, he didn't want to get food.
John opened the door and cast the cleaning spell to the house, "Sorry, don't mind the mess," he said, stepping around shattered glass picking itself up to pile up on the counter as they entered through the back of the small, shack-like house. "Reparo," John muttered, pointing his wand to the pile and walked right past as it repieced itself into an empty bottle.
After supper, when they were finishing up on saying their farewells to Mike, Murray confronted John about something.
"Look, I don't like academic dishonesty. I'm here to learn for myself, and it kinda hurt me that you thought I was useless and couldn't handle doing a paper project with you," John said, sighing as he focused on William's eyes.
"A crush!?" He asked, shocked that anyone might have his brother interested in them. "No, this can't be so, ma'am," He denied.
"How the hell do you do the dragon thing?" John asked after another one of William's French inhaling.
After John and William had wondered back to John's room to get his things for that night and the next morning, William was waiting outside when Sebastian rounded the corner, causing William to sigh out of disappointment. Sebastian glared at William as he quickened his pace towards the taller boy.
Though Sherlock felt like shit by the time he'd gone to bed, he felt worse when he walked down to the common room. There was another first year, who was arguing with what seemed to be arguing with a third-year in front of a telly that Sherlock didn't remember being there last night.
"I just need to pop in somewhere first," John said, reaching for the door. The perfect, held the door shut with his foot, his arms crossed again,
"It's me, John, and I'm coming in," John warned as he opened the door slowly to find the room empty and a mess. Things were strewn and thrown around. Things were broken and John saw a faint droplet trail of a dark red substance on the floor.
After the information was given to the dean, John found that that dorm wasn't Irene's, it was one of her enemies' dorms. Apparently, she'd set up the encounter to, therefore, ruin and soil that girl's sheets and stable mental standing.
"This isn't new!!" John yelled, growing more and more frustrated by the very second, "And, it sure as hell isn't preferred!" John abruptly stood up and stormed out of the office. He needed to destroy something and quick!
"My family is the ministry," Sherlock's smirk was about as shit-eating as his tone as he sang, "Laters," and walked out of the Library.
"Eh," Sherlock wavered, "more or less, I'd say," Sherlock said, resting his hand in John's golden blonde hair. John looked up at him, confusion was written on his face. "Madam Pomfrey, may you roll me over a wheelchair, please?" He called to her nonchalantly. She did as he requested and Sherlock was struggling to set himself into it. Pomfrey helped as John sat there, looking stunned.
"My God," John groaned, lifting a quick hand to his mouth to suppress what might come up if he didn't stop looking soon. He quickly was pulled away by Jacob, who pointed behind them as if to remind him of the dog chasing their scent. John shook his head, I don't want to get caught out here,
"I've got no choice, though, Jacob," John said quietly, helplessly as he turned his head to wipe a tear from his cheek, "if I don't go, he'll... h-he might," John's voice choked and a whine escaped instead. Jacob let a gentle gasp in before he quickly made his way to John, letting the younger boy lean into him for a sob. Jacob only let his hand run up and down John's back, shushing John's choked out cries in a soothing manner.
"Oh, it's you," She said bitterly, "come in," She sighed as she groaned and turned back into the house, leading Clara with her.
"I'm fine; I spent my birthday at home like you said," William said with a bored expression on his face, however, the doctor knew better than that.
John hadn't seen Sherlock since he began hanging out with Victor, which made no sense. They were in some classes together, so why did he not come over and say hi? John was upset by that. He remembered sitting at lunch one day and hearing the two of them laughing. By the time John had turned to see what they were talking about, Sherlock was laughing again and the two got shushed by another Ravenclaw. John didn't go to lunches anymore after that.
John took the note for Sherlock from his pocket and ran it over to the Ravenclaw house. "Which came first: The Phoenix or the flame?" The knock riddled. John just tucked the note in the light cleft behind the knock's head.
"Thank you," He said, sliding the top half up to send the text. John just looked at him. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
"You're going to regret running like that," He said, letting out a breath of laughter. "You'll need any amount of stamina you can make, mate." He then took his hand from John's back to shake John's hand with. "Bill Murray, mate," He introduced.
"Eh, just unclip it," Irene said furrowing her eyebrows as she didn't feel any activity o her back anymore.
"Oh, my bloody hell, mum!!" He shouted in disgust, "Hell no!" He shrieked as he plopped himself to the bed once more, pulling a pillow over his face, "hsnmshn," He mumbled, hoping that nothing of harm would come from that, but his mum just lifted the pillow and asked him to repeat. William closed his eyes with a blush on his face. He took a deep breath and was finally ready to say it. "Okay, the person I like;" He started, but his bedroom door opened and they both looked to see William's father pop his head in.
"It was good, except for the explosion in potions class," John chuckled. Jacob's eyes widened in worry.
"I'm waiting; my friend-" William started, however, the boy from behind wouldn't take no for an answer. He slapped William in the back of his head, causing his curls to fluff up into knots in the back. William sighed.
John sat down at his bed and unfolded the paper that Jossy had written on. John quickly took out a parchment and regular click-pen. John wrote the name, house, and year down. He quickly flipped it over and wrote the note of him finding Jossy, who was on a team of some sort and how he'd been, admittedly, daft. John also stressed the importance of being more careful when he goes to meet this kid. He'd mentioned all of the warnings that Jossy gave. John will hand it off to Sherlock tomorrow morning during History of Magic class.
