As the show continues it cuts back to the lawyer from the beginning, Adrianne. Dean quickly took to liking her. She seems to be struggling with something and her one friend is trying to tell her that maybe it is best to leave it alone, what ‘it’ is exactly Dean doesn’t know, but he is curious.
“Yeah, yeah, but you love me. Hey, don't go making any bets with Dean about who can eat more, I'm still coming in just gonna be late.”
Dean glances up at that. “You have a tailor that makes collars?”
“I trust you,” Michael says and spears a meatball. “It’s Balthazar I worry about.”
Cas opens his mouth but quickly closes it, placing a smile in place and nods. He only glares at Gabriel when his brother snickers.
Sam runs the thought over in his head for a second. Dean and Cas seemed to be getting along when Dean was texting him last night. Maybe Dean will open up to him more. "If Cas is uncomfortable with the idea, then he doesn't have to do it, so don't pressure him or anything, but if he wants to help then it's okay with me."
“Dean.” Sam groans. “Is that seriously the only thing you have to say?”
Dean sighs stepping into the elevator and pressing the ground floor button. His face is contorted into that of frustration, but he can't help it, financial issues do that to him. Should he go out and get food? He is already so low as is. But he can't do that to Sam. Dean groans running a hand down his face and the elevator stops at the second floor to let someone on, and he runs his hand from his face to the back of his neck opening his eyes to meet familiar blue ones. His eyes widen in that moment realizing who it is.
"Okay." Sam says holding up his hands in defense and once Dean looks away Sam adds, "You're a closet nerd."
“Yes, one more thing. I want to take you to get a collar made today.”
"Yeah, and I hate thinking about Chris Hemsworth's muscles."
“I was going to, but you happened to be extremely busy recently.” Gabriel gestures to their surroundings.
Dean sighs rubbing the back of his neck. These kids. “Just make sure you know the definition of a word before you throw it out in a conversation to insult someone. Actually, scratch that, don’t insult people. Now get back to work, I should yell at you for getting off topic.”
"No, I'm okay now. Thank you."
That name sounds familiar, Gadreel, but he can’t put his finger on where he’s heard it before. After pondering that for a moment, Dean realizes everything Cas said and is shocked, to be honest. He wasn't expecting Cas to be so accommodating. Most alphas would expect an omega to comply with what they want, not the other way around. Maybe Dean needs to stop comparing Cas to most alphas and try looking at him for who he's showing himself to be.
time." Dean and Gabriel both laugh, and when Sam gets back he sits beside them.
Do you see yourself getting in a relationship anytime soon, and what is the reason to not wanting to be with anyone right now?
“Right, stupid question.” He pauses for a second before adding, “Don’t forget the wantons.”
Castiel hums, looking him over. He’s not gonna lie, Dean staking his claim on him like that was kind of hot. Castiel licks his bottom lip and pulls it gently between his teeth. The effect it has on Dean is amazing. Watching his pupils dilate and the man licks his own lips, eyes darting to Castiel’s, which is now released from his teeth.
When he doesn’t answer right away, Castiel snarls, grabbing his hair and yanking it back again. “If you do not answer me now, I will bring your mate here and rip her throat out in front of you.”
Warmth flushes his face and he drops his eyes to his plate. “Thank you.” Dean chuckles and squeezes his knee again. It isn’t like he doesn’t get compliments from his brothers about his cooking all the time, but it’s different coming from Dean. It makes him feel giddy and proud of himself. He brings his eyes back up and thins his lips when he sees Michael. If looks could kill, Dean would be dead.
Last update, school is back in session so my updates will be a lot less frequent, just so you're all aware!
A light pink blush crosses his cheeks and he looks away. “I thought I’d be able to handle it, plus you all seemed so excited about it.”
“We’re going to be staying at a hotel, I found a cheap, but classy, place that is only a few minute walk from the convention. Figured it would be more of an experience this way.” Dean shrugs. He wasn’t going to rent the room, but it wasn’t expensive and he wanted to make the most of this whole event, plus Dean didn’t want to risk getting caught in morning traffic on the way here every morning. Better safe than sorry, right?
“Why?” Dean pouts, brows furrowing like he truly can’t comprehend the answer. Castiel simply arches a brow. “If this is about Sammy, I’ll kick him out.”
"Anna Karenina. It's a good book. I have the English copy in the library if you wanted to read it."
The door opens a few seconds later revealing a surprised looking Cas. “Dean,”
“What was the other part?” Cas asks, apparently not in the mood to socialize today.
“And if we don't help Dean then he'll never admit it either.” Charlie and Sam both sigh at this.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s the occasion?” Meg asks while popping her gum again.
“Sure,” Dean says, not looking back.
"I already have plans with him and Sam on Saturday."
Dean wanted to argue, wanted to yell at Cas that this was nowhere near the same, but why wasn’t it? Because Nick had been grieving? Because Sam had no other choice? There was no solid excuse he could use, other than the fact that blaming himself for anything and everything was all he’d ever done. “I want to believe you Cas,” he said quietly, “I just – can’t.”
“Mm, yes please,” Dean circled to stand practically on top of Cas, arm wrapped protectively around his waist and stole a chocolate chip from the bowl on the counter. Dean heard Sam walk off, probably to go find Jack, so he tucked his head on Cas’s shoulder and whispered softly, “I love you, angel.”
“but, uh, but recently I’ve realized something about how I feel and…” Dean looked down, closing his eyes, “I’m bi.”
you’re
Cas smiled softly, “Yes, I’m sure. Now get in there and scream to the heavens that ‘Dean Winchester is bisexual!’”
“What?” Bobby asked.
. Philip had walked in with a sigh, “Still here, huh? Acting,
Attempting to see through the tears, Dean pulled open the bedside table’s drawer. He grabbed the ever the present lighter. It had become his preferred method; after being slashed and stabbed his entire life, he had become used to that pain. Fire was something new, it didn’t hurt like anything he’d felt before. Dean shed his flannel hastily, before focusing on the lighter. Staring intently at the small device, he flicked it a couple times, and eventually, a continuous flame blinked to life.  Slowly, he brought the flame to his scarred skin. He watched the skin beneath bubble and burn, before moving to a new spot, careful not to stay anywhere too long. The pain felt right. It felt like what he deserved.
Let me know your thoughts in the comments! If you'd like to see a continuation of this, or another fic in general, leave a prompt in the comments, the more specific, the better! (I do have thoughts of doing one on Lebanon)
Dean was surprised to see Sam still – he presumed – waiting in the kitchen for him. It was, after all, 10 a.m., Sam was usually doing something important, researching a case, or Michael. He never just sat at the table with a cup of coffee doing nothing. “Morning Sam,” Dean greeted, flicking on the coffee machine to heat.
Dean smiled. “Hey Cas,” he replied, voice just as quiet. Cas didn’t wait a second longer before surging to pull Dean down into a hug. And for a minute, Dean let his constant façade slip, and let himself feel the pain, and the anxiety, and the overwhelming
“Dean you did what you had to do,” Sam tried.
“Oh! I almost forgot,” Cas turned around, “Chocolate milk.” He said, choosing the full gallon.
There was another long pause, but Cas would wait, willing to be as patient as needed. He could scarcely imagine how hard it must be for Dean to talk about this, even to him.
Another tear slipped down Dean’s face. “I love you,” he whispered. “Please stay with me. I don’t wanna be alone.”
“It’s not important,” He countered.
“Are you ashamed of us?” Cas asked, his tone sad.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at the sentiment as he sat on his bed. “Thanks, Cas,” he said, taking the mug and leaning back against the headboard. “And thanks for, you know,” Dean gestured exasperated at the bathroom door.
Warnings: Just some general anxiety I believe
, I let him escape, and then back in again; do you know how many people that hurt? How much damage I’ve done? The others are right, I’m pathetic, worthless.”
“So we can stop hiding now?” Cas leaned in the doorway, quietly observing.
Cas’s knock on the door had been nothing more than static. “Dean?” Castiel waited, but received no answer. Turning the knob slowly, the door opened, and darkness flooded from the room. It wasn’t just the lack of light, no, darkness flooded from Dean’s soul. His once bright, glittering soul now emanated darkness. “Dean…” Cas said softly. The man gave no indication that he had heard him. Cas sat on the empty side of the bed, gently rolling Dean over towards him. He grabbed Dean’s hand, startled by how cold it was despite the many covers, and rubbed slow circles. Cas was heartened when Dean’s fingers curled around his, if only slightly. “Talk to me,” Cas murmured.
Cas smiles back. It's the brightest smile Dean's seen on him since he's been back. But then it turns sad. Like it always does. Cas starts to pull his hand away, but Dean quickly grabs it. He's not entirely sure what he's doing; he's still not even fully awake. Dean closes his eyes and leans further into Cas' touch, keeping his hand on Cas'. He doesn't want Cas to move away.
Cas was to reply. The fact that Cas had him backed into a wall also wasn't helping him focus. Dean was really tempted to kiss him again. He had to know this was all real. He also liked how he could feel the edge of Cas' hair on his fingertips. He liked how gently Cas was holding him when Dean knew he could destroy demons with the same touch. He wasn't gonna lie and say his type wasn't the strong masculine ones.
Dean pulls back. "You okay?" He's staring at Cas with wide eyes.
“Work can wait.”
Castiel figured out a long time ago the way he felt for Dean wasn't plutonic. He also knew Dean didn't feel the same way, so he never said anything. He didn't want to ruin their friendship. He'd take what he could get. But now... Castiel opened his mouth to say something when Dean parked the car in the motel parking lot and said,
Castiel frowns. "I know. That doesn't make it your fault."
Blood was all over his shirt. Dean poked it. He felt nothing. He poked it again, this time closer to entry wound. It tickled. He poked that spot again and giggled. Weird. He looked up but couldn't see much. Black dots were invading his vision.
"I've never seen you smile like this."
That is one drawback from being high most of the time. Everything blurs together. Time has no meaning. It's gotten so bad he was surprised when Christmas rolled around a little bit ago. Or a while ago. Cas has no clue.
Castiel can hardly concentrate on work the following day. The only thing that keeps him going is knowing he gets his cast off tomorrow.
Cas’ hand twitches. “I broke my hand.”
"Dammit, Cas," Dean says quietly.
Dean took a sip of coffee to try and make his brain change the subject. It didn't work. He missed Sam. He almost ordered a salad just so it would
away from his family, thank god. He has a whole room to use as an office that he’s never had before. Which will definitely make things easier since he’s just doing freelance now. Being a CPA had taken
Castiel’s blood runs cold. Dean sent this last night. Is he okay? Castiel quickly unlocks his phone and types.
The mental image of Cas checking him out—real or not—makes Dean blush, and he quickly looks away and finishes taking his pants off. He shuts down every dirty thought he gets in the process; it's easier than it usually is since he's so damn tired.
“Did someone say this to you?” Castiel asks. He has no idea where Dean is getting these ideas.
"I'll leave you to rest," Dean says, standing up. "Come to me when you feel better." Dean's gaze lingers on Cas, but this time it isn't embarrassing. There's something warm there. Something Cas hasn't seen in a long, long time.
"I need your help," Cas said gruffly.
"...I think I understand, Dean," Cas says. He leans in and kisses Dean gently. "I want to date you, too."
The band starts playing a new song. Dean likes it. Still boring, but this song sounds sadder than the others. It starts to get real quiet, and the instruments begin fading out when Cas starts playing. He’s been playing this whole time. He’s had a couple small parts on his own, but this…this is a fucking
Cas grunts and leans against the kitchen island. His eyes still unfocused.
look like a dork with his sweater and cuffed jeans and sandals. He sighs. It’s the morning’s fault. He quickly makes his way to his door and grabs his keys off the counter. He opens the door, and Dean is standing outside. Dean is carrying a travel mug and has a huge smile plastered on his face. No one should be happy this early in the morning.
know? Do you know the looks you'd give each other when you thought the other wasn't looking?"
“What? That’s not true at all! I think you’re wonderful. I just want to spend time with you without having sex afterwards.”
Cas turns to leave. Wait...where is he? He'd walked to an unfamiliar part of camp to try and see that girl, but now he's turned around.
"Sorry, um, look, I just need some space." Dean took a step back, but he hadn't accounted for the curb and stumbled. He yelped in surprise and reached out instinctively. He grabbed Cas, but it was too late. They both went down.
I frown, and I’m brought a little bit back into the present. “Sorry, what?”
Everything I’ve been through is worth it if it means I get to have this.
“May I kiss you?”
“Okay,” Castiel agrees. Dean gestures for Castiel to lead the way, and he does.
“Oh, Dean, that’s alright. I wasn’t expecting you to attend.”
Dean chuckles and walks over to the counter where the crockpot sits. “Well, don’t say that until you’ve tried it. I get mixed reviews.”
"I don't know what happened, Dean," Cas admitted. "I did what you said but...it didn't work."
Dean blinks and blows out a breath he didn't realize he was holding. Oh, that's right. They're fine. They're in a hotel. Sam got fucking married today.
Cas' smile grows. "I would like that."
"I have noticed, Dean, and I don't like it."
"I'm always okay."
"You liking me," Dean said, and he could feel himself blushing. Again. For like the millionth time that day. He felt like a thirteen-year-old girl.
“Are you from here?”
"Hmmm?" Dean managed.
bad day, so I just—man, I’m so sorry.”
Warning for Dean having a panic attack.
“Why would I say that?”
I shift uncomfortably. “Cas?”
"I'm fine," Dean automatically answered. "Why?"
Dean hugs him back. Cas smells like aftershave and fruity shampoo. They pull away, and Dean says, “Yeah, well, I like your playing, so I thought I’d come see the concert.”
“I don’t think I will ‘shut my face’,” Castiel answers, using air quotes.
"Dean," Cas began. His voice was gentler than it had just been. He tentatively reached a hand out to Dean's face but hesitated and withdrew it. Dean wished Cas had touched him. "If you had died yesterday..." Cas suddenly stood up and walked to the other side of the bed. "How would Sam feel?" Cas stood over Dean and crossed his arms.
"So," Dean began. "That happened." He stopped. He was still holding Cas' hand.
"Dean."
“I don’t care, Dean. I know you are a good person now, despite what you may have done in the past.”
too quickly. Thankfully, Dean’s turned his attention back to cooking before he saw any of that.
Cas looks down to try and assess his wound. He can feel it's still pretty bad, but he wants to see it. Then he realizes he's not in his own clothes. He's wearing a black t-shirt. It must be Dean's. Sam's would be much too big for him. The idea of wearing one of Dean's shirts makes his heart flip-flop within his chest.
"So he has daddy issues?" Gabriel asks.
“That's just my morning face.” Dean laughs trying to make light of it. “I'm fine, really.”
"It's not as if I can prohibit you. Security won't stop you."
“I never forget the wantons, unlike somebody who conveniently forgets to get the pie.”
Dean barks a sharp laugh and places a hand over his heart when they get to the living room. “Oh! I’m shot! How could you attack a man’s age like that?” His green eyes sparkle with youthful mirth when he looks at him and the smile he’s beaming at him makes him look no older than twenty-eight. He takes a seat in one of the chairs next to the couch so Castiel takes the couch.
There’s a quiet, “Excuse me?” from the other room and Castiel has to bite his lips together to hide his smile.
Cas smiles, taking a bite of his food, his posture relaxed, and the skin by his eyes are crinkled. “Only maybe.”
"Of course."
Castiel doesn’t answer immediately, trying to think of how he’s going to go about this. “I was thinking of my sister.” He takes a breath, holding his mouth open before closing it. Dean remains silent. Castiel slowly readjusts, bringing his legs up over Dean’s and leaning more heavily into his side. “I was thinking about dinner and how … how she would have loved to meet you. I-”
“No, Dean and I got together not long ago, but I’m very happy with him.” Castiel can’t help but give a genuine smile thinking about Dean.
The three of them all start getting the ingredients and pans out, and even though Sam and Cas both had good intentions of helping with the cooking, Dean was the one who shoved them to cutting things up because frankly, they aren’t the best cooks.
The judge slowly lowers his gavel with a small glare. “And who are you?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “You’re just using excuses, if you’re going to do it, do it.”
Charlie turns a wide smile to her and he tries to cut her off, saying, “Charlie, don’t-”
Whatever he just said, Dean knows it can’t have been nice. The way the British man’s nose is scrunched and the disdainful tone he used when he spoke just now makes Dean want to hiss something smart back at the man.
It's an hour later when he hears the rumble of the Impala and his nerves come back. But this time they're accompanied by giddiness at the thought of seeing Dean again. It's been a few days since he last saw him. Dean said he was really busy with work and he'd make it up to him later. He's still waiting for that later to come, but he knows Dean will keep his word.
Charlie bites her bottom lip and nods. "I thought there was something else behind his fascination with Castiel. He was elated on Monday when he was relaying the details of the convention to me." She meets Sam's eyes. "You did the right thing contacting me. Dean can be stubborn and you're going to need all the help you can get." She leans in a little and her voice turns to a whisper. "And from what you told me about your attempt to help Dean, maybe he wasn't picking up what you were saying because he doesn't know that he's into men too."
Теперь у тебя есть причина быть дерьмовым на своей работе. Уходи, пока я снова не пристрелил тебя - Now you have a reason to be shitty at your job. Leave before I shoot you again.
Я знаю это! Но посылать его за Алистером без армии, чтобы защитить его в случае чего, было глупо. - I know this! But sending him after Alistair without an army there to protect him in case something happened was stupid.
A knock on the door stops Sam momentarily from commanding his brother upstairs again, but as he gets up he looks at him and says, “Go to bed, Dean. I'll bring something to help you sleep.” and then he opens the door. His eyes widen seeing Cas standing there with a white pot of, what looks like, chicken noodle soup.
Dean stiffens, and lets out a small noise of surprise, but thankfully he doesn’t try pulling back. Instead, he slowly relaxes and his scent becomes stronger, the way an omega’s scent does to help calm someone down, and he pulls Cas closer. His hands glide up his back and settle close to the base of his wings. Castiel desperately wants to feel those fingers run through his feathers, but right now, this is all he needs. Dean’s ears twitch and tickle the side of his face, and Castiel syncs his breathing with the omega’s.
“Thank you, captain obvious.” Dean teases. Cas lets them in, Sam closing the door behind them.
Dean nods fighting off a yawn and losing as he grabs a mug and pours himself a cup. He rolls his neck taking a seat at the dining room table, which is basically in the kitchen. It’s a small table, it could fit four if need be, but it comfortably fits two. Perfect for him and Sam.
Dean knows he should be feeling bad about doing this, he really does, but that rational part of his brain that is usually there to say ‘This isn't right, we should stop.’ isn't there. Instead, they are replaced with ‘Fuck it, only I will know what I'm doing right now.’
"Cas, you okay?"
Sam’s eyes start to rim red, rage boiling behind his eyes. It looks like he’s about to hunt down and kill their father. If Dean was going to tell him what John put him through, it’s long gone now. If he told him, Sam might actually do it. Sam stopped thinking of John as their father years ago, so he probably wouldn’t even flinch.
The panel for Friday only has the smaller actors from the show talking to them, but that isn't a bad thing. Dean enjoyed the panel, listening to people asking them questions and the actors answering them, sometimes with pretty hilarious stories. Sam had gotten up a few time to try and get some picture of the actors and actresses with his camera, that was far too expensive for Dean's liking, but he did end up getting some great pictures with it. Honestly, Sam's photography is so good Dean thinks he should just do that as a job instead of a lawyer, but Sam insists his pictures aren't good enough for it to be a profession. The time flew by so fast, Dean was shocked when it was the end of the first day.
Sam sits on one couch and Gabriel quickly swoops in to take the other spot, and unless Dean wanted to sit between the two, he is left with sitting on the loveseat with Cas. Which he didn't mind at all, so he sits beside Cas, leaning comfortably on the armrest, his one arm resting along the back of the couch.
“I work for the FBI.” His oldest brother says with an air of nonchalance, but Castiel knows his brother too well to know that that’s what it actually is. He’s going to use this as a scare tactic. He can just feel it in his gut. He groans internally and eats his food.
Dean frowns, the feeling of dread coming back. “How do you know who he is? Who is he?” He knew Cain knew Cas, but if Cas knows him on a first-name basis, what does that say about Cain? Why is Dean’s life never simple?
Wow, way to call him out. Dean frowns and stares back at the alpha, but he doesn’t say anything.
“Coming right up.”
Sam looks up at him and grimaces. “Dean, you're sick, go back to bed.”
"It's a good thing I bought enough for a small army since Dean eats too much." Dean gives a mock insulted ‘Hey’ and Sam chuckles. "I hope you like Chinese, Cas."
Sam really hopes he isn't going to say Cas, but he has a feeling that's where he's going. “Who were you planning on asking to help?"
“Hey, it’s okay, sweetheart. I’m here. Whatever you need, I’m here.” Dean lifts his head and gently kisses his hair before resting his cheek on him again. They stay quiet for another moment before Dean softly says, “If it means anything, I would have loved to have met her too.”
“You didn’t think you’d be doing good?”
Like he knew Dean was awake, Cas comes through the door with a tray of food. When he meets Dean’s eyes and sees him sitting up in the bed, he looks relieved.
Cas’ eyes fly wide open. “It wasn’t like that, and you know it!” Gabriel barks a laugh and then all of a sudden there are horns honking on Gabriel’s side of the line and a loud crack of thunder. Cas frowns thinning his lips. “Are you okay? I’m hearing a lot of horns on your end.”
True mates? Dean’s head is struggling to wrap around the thought. It would make sense. Why he always felt such a strong pull toward Cas, why his scent had such an effect on him, why he seemed to trust him when he had every reason not to.
The voice sounds angry.
His kit, but he isn’t going to let that happen. If it wasn’t for his damn past, he wouldn’t be so fucking weak right now. Who knew trauma could do that amount of damage. Dean never took it into consideration before.
Gabriel barks a laugh while Cas just stares in shock. “Did it work?”
Dean’s answering grin sends Castiel’s stomach aflutter. “Thought you could get rid of me that easily?”
Chapter Title: Start of Something Good by Daughtry
"Whoa, wait, so
He seems like an okay enough guy, but Dean doesn't know his personality enough to feel comfortable telling him about his kit and risking its and his safety.
“What do you mean?” Dean frowns. He knows he’s been fighting himself for as long as he met Cas, but how would Cas know that?
“You didn't have to do that, Cas.” Dean hesitates to look over at the stove, nibbling at his bottom lip. “Is it chicken noodle?”
Dean stares up at the ceiling.
The redhead glances over at him, taking a sip of her coffee. When her eyes meet his though, her eyes bug out and she seems to inhale some of her coffee because before he knows it, she's sputtering and coughing like a madman.
Cas shakes his head. “Regardless.” He spears another piece. “Would you like more?”
Cas feels a lethargic smile creep up on his face and he kisses Dean’s neck. “It’s quite alright, Dean.”
Anger boils up in him in seconds. “You do remember how we met, right? I can take care of myself.”
“I’m fine,” he says without pause, it shocks him because he actually feels good. “Really.”
Although that’s another thing. He doesn’t crush on people, especially not on men, or at least that’s what he has been telling himself as to not disappoint his father or anyone else in his life. And even if deep down he knows what the feelings are, he won’t ever admit them to himself.
"What?"
“Yeah, but you were given Red, Dean.”
“I just read something that said you were dating some man, Castiel, who is he?”
“Text me when you get home,” Castiel says against his lips before stepping back.
Self-consciously, Dean tries flattening his hair, which only makes Cas smile more, and Dean flattens his ears to his head. “Uh, fine right now.”
Dean groans in annoyance, trying to ignore it, but it’s no use, it’s all he can think about, and he’s not going to get to sleep without taking care of it. So he reaches a hand down and palms himself through his boxers as he breathes in Cas’ scent.
Sam hands it over along with a bottle of pills and a bottle of water. “Thanks, Cas.”
Cas meets his eyes. "Can you try and not draw any attention to Dean. Act as if you don't know him."
Dean furrows his brows. “Why does it matter what we talked about?”
Dean is relieved to see the envelope hasn’t been touched, even though he knew it was going to be fine, there is still that possibility that Sam could have found it. Dean turns so he’s facing the archway to the kitchen and leans his butt on the counter.
Michael is silent and that only spells bad. Luke speaks up. “I think that what Michael is trying to say is that you might get along better with someone around your own age. Ten years is a big difference and might cause you issues down the line.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What would I regret?”
Castiel sighs louder this time and gets up. “It’s alright. I figure that doing this is the easiest way for all of us. If I didn’t do this then I would never hear the end of it. And if I came to you to tell you about this I would still never hear the end of it.”
Cas looks back at him, both of them standing in the middle of the living room awkwardly. Cas sighs and sits. Dean follows suit.
Castiel is his best option for survival.
“Hey,” Dean says, still staring. He glances down and sees somewhere in the middle of the night Cas removed his shirt and put on a pair of pajama bottoms. That’s when Dean realizes he’s in a pair as well, only they’re not Dean’s. Dean feels his cheeks heat up, thinking about Cas replacing his pants with something more comfortable to sleep in.
The state of Dean's room can be described as one thing, a war zone. He has successfully gone through his closet twice, throwing clothes he was going to wear, then deciding they weren't good enough, off his bed and onto the floor. Dean never thought he'd be one of those people that did this before a date, but he's a mess.
Dean chuckles at the almost scared expression in his brother’s eyes. “You have something I should be worrying about? You look petrified.”
“Because I need to know what he did. Whatever he made you do in that cabin, it changed you. Every time you came back from that cabin, you were bedridden for days. You had scars and bruises.” Sam is getting angrier the more he talks, because the more he talks, the more his suspicions are turning true. “Dean, what happened?”
Dean practically prances to the shower. "Rise and shine, Sammy!" Sam groans in his bed and repositions himself to get more comfortable, mumbling something about shutting off the sun. Dean laughs and heads into the bathroom knowing Sam will get up in a bit. Sam is usually the morning person, but that's only after he is up and awake.
“I’m not thanking you now,” Castiel says petulantly.
“You didn’t have to,” Dean grumbles, taking the jug and pouring himself a glass. Dean sees Sam staring at him, the hairs on the back of his neck prickling. Glancing at him from over his glass, Dean arches a brow. “What?”
Dean sighs. “I’m gonna do it,” Sam’s eyes widen. “Later, cause it would be weird to ask him after we just spent the night at his house.”
Sam looks like he wants to say something, rolling his bottle in his hands. Dean stays quiet, letting him think. He doesn’t have to wait long though before Sam is talking again.
When Dean pulls into their driveway, he is still awestruck with the happenings a few minutes ago. He gets out of the car and wanders into the house in a slight fog, going through the actions purely on reflex. Trying to get himself together he rubs a hand down his face kicking off his shoes, shrugging off his jacket, and hanging up his bag. Dean glances at the clock on the microwave and glaring back at him with bright green numbers it reads nine o’clock. He rubs the back of his neck and makes his way over to the stairs and looks at Sam’s door. The light to his room is still on, but Dean knows he shouldn’t bother him, he’s still writing the paper most likely. Not to mention he’s also most likely still a bit angry at Dean, so instead Dean heads up the stairs and into his room across the hall.
Castiel nods and his eyes trail down to Dean’s chest and linger there in thought. “Let them worry.”
Dean rolls his eyes plucking the beta’s cigarette from his fingers and is about to take a puff like he usually would, but stops abruptly when he remembers his kit. He hands it back and the beta arches a brow at him.
Dean turns his attention to Sam just in time to see something flip in his brother like a switch. He pulls Dean behind him swiftly and draws out a pistol, aiming it at Benny, who also has a gun pointed at him.
“How are you feeling?” Cas asks, his accent is thicker than usual. Cas is more affected by this than he’s giving on. Dean has noticed his accent thickens when he’s upset or angry, similar to his wings twitching or shifting minutely. Cas’ eyes roam to Dean’s hair and the corner of his mouth quirks up, lightening the mood ever so slightly.
“Have you forgotten what I do?” She raises a brow meeting his eyes. “I’m a hacker, Dean.”
The teasing dies down between the brothers as the panels continue, and eventually, the time rolls around for Cas' panel. When he walks out on stage the crowd erupts. He turns a warm smile to the crowd and waves before he takes a seat on the lone chair in the center of the stage. Even from the distance that Dean is at, Cas still looks breathtaking. The panel begins with him talking a little bit, but then it quickly transitions to him answering fan questions.
He groans, rolling onto his stomach and buries his face in the pillow he has under his head.
“You didn’t let me get tortured, Sam. You didn’t know anything that happened, you were too young, and I was never going to steal that away from you. You still don’t know what happened, even if you think you do.”
“Thank you.” He takes them and slips his legs in one at a time. When he’s decent again, he spots his phone on the nightstand and thins his lips in nervous anticipation. Gathering the little courage he has, he picks it up and clicks the home button to see the bombardment of messages and missed calls he’s sure to have.
Sam pulls himself from his thoughts to continue what he was saying. “The only way I can think of showing him it’s okay is me trying to drop hints of it. I haven’t had much experience with things like this though, so I called Charlie.”
Sam chuckles, smiling. “Sorry, it’s just … nice to be able to hang out with you again.” Sam sighs, taking a drink from his beer. “It’s a lot better now that we don’t have to worry about John being too wasted, needing to take care of him.”
“Yes, I know, Balt.” He smiles at his brother, trying to appease him. “I wasn’t expecting to see Inias here. I thought I got lucky and he wasn’t working tonight.”
“Honey, I’m home.” She sings and looks around. She meets Dean’s gaze and smirks. “There’s my favorite patient.”
"Sam, why are we running? So we're a little late, I told you I can't play anyway, I'm normal admissions, and you don't want to play it!" Dean shouts so Sam can hear him.
"Misha's living room. I got to see the paper plaque." Dean looks over to his brother with a wide grin. "Jealous?"
Dean scoffs a laugh, still in slight shock at what Cas asked. "Don't worry, there's no way I'm passing this up." Dean types out a response and reads it over a few times, not wanting it to come out as too boisterous, before sending it. One exclamation point will suffice, even though he wants to slam the button a hundred times.
Cas sighs when he sees it’s Dean and gently closes his book, resting it on his lap. “I’m afraid not.”
Офис - The office
"Gabriel," Castiel sighs scrunching his brows together. He doesn't want him to meddle like this, trying to get him to like Dean or vice versa. Castiel doesn't want Gabriel to get Dean into something that he can't get out of. Dean or himself for that matter. Castiel doesn't want to get his hopes up about Dean because, yes, he does, in fact, have a little crush on the man, and he is trying his damndest to veto those feelings back into the abyss of which they came. Although it appears Gabriel has other plans for Castiel and his feelings.
"I do." Castiel reassures even though he's pretty sure it was a rhetorical question. Dean puts a hand on his lower back and leads him into the kitchen behind Sam.
Cas tears his eyes from the soccer players over to Dean and sees he’s trying to look relaxed for Cas’ sake, but he can tell he really wants to play. Cas forces himself to gather the courage to not care how bad he looks playing the sport as long as he can see Dean having a good time. “But I’m willing to try.”
“To say we were having a dinner party, but only you two were actually invited.” Cas scrunches his brows together and squints his eyes a little. “Granted I was planning on inviting you two over for dinner sometime anyway, so I’m not quite sure I understand the prank aspect of it.”
“Are you trying to stake a claim, sir?” Castiel teases, but he can feel a little blush warming the tips of his ears. He has to admit he likes the idea of smelling like Dean too.
“No, no. Not entirely anyway, he's …” Gabriel sighs clearly not knowing how to explain. Maybe he is trying to cover up for his slip because Cas doesn't want to come out yet. Although Gabriel said it was easy for Cas to come out. “Okay, don't tell him I told you this, I love him to pieces, but I just don't know how else to explain this. He's basically bi?” Gabriel rubs his chin in thought. “Or maybe Pansexual is the right term.” Gabriel waves a hand dismissing it.  “That’s beside the point. He's, I’m gonna go with, pansexual.”
Dean snaps, standing up as well. “Enough!”
Sam frowns. “You know, a lot of people thought that about you too.” He turns his eyes to his brother’s. “Then Sonny came along and brought you to your senses.” Sam scoffs moving his eyes back to the tv, eyes creasing with the lines of a smile. “And thank God for him, I had no idea what to do with you anymore.”
Human.
A slow smile spreads across Cas’ face. “I would love to, Dean.”
"How do you know she is going to give me her number though. We haven't talked since middle school.
Нет? - No?
Cas gives a small, sad, smile. “We are true mates.”
Not long after Dean got the food, he sees Cas walking over towards them in Misha's suit, but it's ruffled and the tie is loosened around his neck, hair as wild as ever. It looks as if Cas just had a wild heated sex scene, and damn it looks good on him. Although come to think of it, Cas has never had a sex scene before in Mishapocalypse. Dean really wouldn't mind seeing that.
Dean chuckles a bit trying to play it off as if it were nothing when in reality it is his and Sam's life in his hands. "It's nothing, just been a long time since I've done something like this so it's kind of exhausting at the end of the day."
The brothers waste no time in sprinting to the car and throwing themselves inside. Those few seconds in the rain, even though they ran fast, has them on the verge of soaked. Sam simply looks at Dean unamused and Dean points a finger at him saying, “Don’t even say it, Sammy.” before starting the car and heading out.
Dean clears his throat, shifting on the couch, his ears twitching at all the subtle noises. Castiel’s eyes dart up to him.
“Okay,” Dean says. “But only if you use my food. I’m not stealing all of yours.”
Castiel’s stomach sinks. He spins around, wings flaring and ripping the door open.
" Cas snarls and the other alpha in the room hastily slings the bleeding alpha’s arm over his shoulders and hoists him up. Dean can tell that the bleeding alpha is doing everything in his power to not cry out in pain, probably not wanting to appear weak.
Chapter Title: Bury A Friend by Billie Eilish
Dean arches a brow turning his head in Sam's direction. "What does that mean?"
But Charlie, of course, ignores him, and instead is the one to cut him off. “Cas got laid.” He groans and looks at the ceiling, wishing it would cave in at the moment. This is exactly why he didn't want to tell them when he had any kind of sex. They would blow it out of proportion. Exactly like they're doing now.
Sam's eyes widen and snap to Dean, who is chewing a large amount of food. Dean meets his eyes and sees the accusation in them. "Hey," Dean says through a mouthful of food. "I didn't say anything about your little cr... whatever." Dean cuts himself off before he can finish the word crush, but Sam narrows his eyes at him anyway because there is no way Gabriel hasn't pieced it together now.
"Wow," Dean says quietly and drops his eyes to the ground with a smile and he turns it to Cas for a second. "That's pretty young to find out. Wish I-" he bites his lips and looks away with a chuckle. "I never even knew there were different sexualities until I was in high school." Dean rubs the back of his neck sheepishly. "Don't know how I avoided that topic for so long, coulda been my dad now that I think about it, but-" Cas narrows his eyes trying to piece what Dean is saying together with his actions. He doesn't want to say anything to interrupt Dean from opening up because if it comes to it, Dean may mention something about questioning his sexuality. Dean shrugs off what he was going to say and shoves his hands in his pockets, his palms becoming sweaty from his nerves. "So how'd-" He stops talking and clearly looks uncomfortable with the question he wants to ask, and Cas gets the gist, but Dean speaks up before he can answer. "How'd you know?"
“I may have broken all our umbrellas.”
He can’t blame the guy if that’s the case. Dean is someone unknown and their boss has taken a sudden interest in him. Being in the mob, they are probably going to be distrustful of those they don't know.
The 100th floor.
“Oh yeah.” Charlie beams. “Dean and I are best friends and I’m a lesbian, hell he even flirted with a guy for me because I had no idea how.” Sam and Gabe both look to Charlie with an are-you-kidding-me look. Her eyes widen looking between the two. “What?”
“You appeared lost in thought.” Cas glances at him from the corner of his eye. “What were you thinking about?”
"Goodnight, Dean."
The next day comes a lot quicker than usual, but it isn’t a beautiful sunny day they were all hoping for. Instead, it’s dark, cloudy, and a torrential downpour.
“Aww, well isn’t that just the cutest.” Gabriel teases.
“That’s it, I’m here. Focus on my voice, okay? You’re here with me, sweetheart.”
“I know, okay.” She sighs rubbing her face exhausted. “But Adri, you and the police have looked for years. Don’t you think you would have found something by now?”
Dean turns his head back to the window. “I felt sick.”
It would be insufferable.
Sam turns his attention to the pair and smiles. “It’s great.”
The second thing is that he feels like his head has been stuffed with cotton.
"When did you want to do it?" Dean asks, hoping his voice sounds steadier than he feels.
Oh, he knows. That's why he stopped trying to lose Gadreel in the first place.
Dean raises his glass of milk. “I hear that.”
Dean watches the alpha pace, pause at the window, pace again, pause. It’s kind of bothering Dean. He wants to jump up and stop him, but he stays put. “I can help,” he says instead.
"And finally, I'm not going to lie, this one is a tough one. There are two parts, and I will repeat this if anyone needs me to. Part one, finish the sentence.
No, I don’t see myself getting into a relationship at this moment in time. I have found it difficult to find anyone who I would like to be with because everyone I have ever tried to be with only liked me for my fame or because they loved Misha, the character I play. But it isn’t that I don’t want to be with someone, it would be nice to have someone like that in my life. It just isn’t the right time for me yet.
She nods and leans back. "If it isn't a body, why wasn't I allowed to tell Dean?"
“I don’t care how much cabin fever you have, you can’t be pulling shit like that,” Dean growls. “I won’t be able to help you if you do.”
“Oh, but Dean, I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Anything for my Pakhan,” She winks before turning back to the elevator and carting out a large machine and a bag. “Can’t have your new mate having any issues, now can we?” She pulls the machine over to Dean in the living room and starts setting up. “How’re you feeling? Any unusual cramps or other issues?”
Dean continues to stare out at the city below them. He hates being up this high, but he’ll admit it is really a sight to behold. His heart is hammering against his ribcage and he’s going to start working up a sweat if this goes on for long. He’ll wear off his scent neutralizers and it’ll be over. Castiel will scent all his emotions and know he’s hiding something.
“Are you ready to have some fun, Cassie?” Balthazar asks as he waves down the bartender. Castiel notices it’s a woman and relief floods through him. It’s not Inias.
That means one thing.
Sam thins his lips and drops his eyes to his coffee. “He's not necessarily in trouble.” He looks up into Charlie's eyes trying to see what she thinks.
“Dean?” Cas asks, rubbing his arm, his scent shifting to concern.
This could be fine. This place will be safe … for now.
"No. It's just … I know-" He rubs the back of his neck trying to find the right words. "You came out years ago so you know how to help someone who is still in the closet, right?"
“Yes,” Cas says in the same tone. He stays quiet for a little while longer, like he’s giving Dean time to really enjoy this moment, before speaking again. “I would like you to carry this at all times.”
· 2 hours ago
моя любовь - my love
Cas meets his eyes. He brings a hand up, cupping the side of his face and brushing his thumb over his cheekbone. “There’s a mole,
Chapter Title: Done For You by Black Veil Brides
"Follow me." Cas turns and begins to walk, Dean quickly catching up and walking beside the man. When they get outside they go to the parking lot where there are the actor's trailers. Dean's heart skips a beat for a second seeing them. Are these the trailers they use for shooting the show, or are they personal trailers?
“Yeah, yeah, I hear ya, mom.” Dean makes his way up the stairs and sneezes again.
“This sunday?” Dean asks, looking unsure.
Dean spent all day riding around on his motorcycle. It’s been a long time since he just … rode. When he got back to the penthouse, he didn’t see Cas anywhere. He frowns and looks around, his tail swishing, and ears twitching. Dean isn’t even sure if he’s here. Probably had Benny or Gadreel following him. He sighs and rubs his face. Grabbing a blanket, he wraps it around himself before heading out on the balcony. He makes his way to the rail and leans on it. Thankfully it isn’t windy, so the winter weather is livable.
*****
Gabriel's brow arches hearing that. He thought they were talking about Dean. “We’re talking about Cassie?”
"Dean." Castiel chimes in. Michael looks up at him and Castiel shrinks back. "Sorry."
“A few times. I’d stop here when I would go and visit Sam at school for lunch.”
Dean feels weird taking it, but if he’s going to be Cas’ mate, then it’s probably for the best he takes it, right? Dean thins his lips and his tail twitches, not sure he likes it, but he’ll take it.
"Well, that's incentive."
"It was nice seeing you again, Dean. And Sam, it was a pleasure to meet you. I hope to see you both again soon."
Also, the movie that is watched in this chapter is completely made up, just so you know. Don't be shy to tell me what you think :)
Dean and Sam eventually finish up their breakfast and when they do, the both of them head over to where the convention is being held to wait in line. They are in line for only ten minutes when the doors open and start letting everyone in.
He tries not to look at what floor he's on, and instead, becomes hyper-focused on the doors. Thankfully, it stops moving soon after that and the doors open. Standing right in front of the doors is Castiel. He looks … rather relaxed. He's in his suit, but he's only wearing his white button-up with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. It's a good look on him, and by the twinkle in his eye when he catches Dean eyeing him up, he knows it.
“It’s not, usually.” He says cooly and takes a sip.
Dean is sitting on the large couch in the living room, wrapped in a couple of blankets and staring out the window. The view is probably his favorite thing about this place. He couldn't fall asleep since his stomach wasn’t settling, so he gave up and came down here. The only light on is a lamp that’s giving off a soft glow.
The atmosphere alone is enough to put a smile on Dean's face. Thousands of people wandering around with the same interests and same reasons of being there as the brothers. There is an irreplaceable feeling of unification that Dean begins to feel, and he has only just got here. There are booths set up with merchandise for the show, there's a large screen playing episodes of Mishapocalypse, and there are people dressed up in cosplay of their favorite characters. Even with so many people being here he feels welcomed and very comfortable. It's like nobody is here to judge him.
Gabriel slaps the table as if he’s just had an epiphany. “Cassie, you need to invite Dean-o here over to family dinner this Sunday.” He claps a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and jostles him a little. “That way he could meet everyone. Mikey, Lucy, and Balty are all dying to meet the mystery man.” Gabriel chuckles and leans back in the booth, a smug smile playing on his lips. “They’re gonna be so jealous when I tell them I know you.”
Bartholomew hangs his head, like a man heading to the gallows. In this instance, he is. “The omega was a distraction.” Castiel only narrows his eyes, waiting for him to continue. “He wanted to go after one of your more trusted alphas. Had to wait until the right time, when everything aligned. Said you took something that didn’t belong to you so he took something in return. Said he’ll keep it up until he gets what’s his back.”
“I gotta ask, Cas,” Dean starts making Cas turn his head in his direction. “If you were scared of horror movies, why’d you agree to watch it?”
Castiel smiles, his face scrunching up. “No, I assure you I’m not.” He gives a playful smile back. “But if I was, you could hardly expect me to own up to it.” Dean blinks at him before laughing, his arm coming down to warp around Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel gives him a gummy smile before looking back at the screen. “I understand him in a way, though.”
“Alright, little guy,” He stands up and rinses his mouth out after flushing the toilet. He looks in the mirror above the sink. He has bags under his eyes to show he didn’t sleep too well last night. Sighing, he grabs a towel out of the closet, deciding to take a shower and hopefully wash away this groggy feeling.
Dean smirks pointing his fork at Gabriel. "Sammy here went to school with her."
That would explain a lot of the staring.
Dean’s pupils dilate and his grip on Castiel’s hips tightens, growling, “Damn straight.” before devouring his lips again. Castiel forgets about his class for the time being and allows himself to get lost in Dean.
Castiel hums, closing his eyes. "Can I sleep yet?"
“Aww, look at you getting all flustered thinking about it.” Meg coos.
Castiel throws the man’s head to the side sighing like he’s being forced to deal with a petulant child. This is like pulling teeth. Arching a brow, Castiel walks to the table and scans the tools, tired of playing games. When he spots the pliers, he picks them up and turns back to the alpha. “You don’t need teeth to speak.”
“What? I’m curious.” Gabriel shrugs.
Castiel smiles politely. “Good. I’m going to my boyfriend’s place after this, so this will hopefully go by quickly.”
Dick.
Sam looks back with wide eyes as if he'd been caught doing something bad, and he's about to refuse when Dean elbowed him. "You know you want to. Just go, Sammy."
“No, that was my brother.”
Dean sighs rubbing a hand over his face with a small groan. “I don't know, Charlie. Nothing just seems right.”
Dean feels his eyes bug out of his head. What? “If that’s true…” Dean starts slowly, “w-why didn’t you ever say anything? That’s- I-”
“Well, I don’t know about you guys, but I think I have the best job here.” Gabriel jumps in and Castiel could kiss his brother for trying to change the topic. “I get to deal with pastries all day and I come home smelling like coffee and sweets. What more could anyone want?”
Ты не можешь и дальше укрывать его. Это только оттолкнет его. - You can't keep sheltering him. It will only push him away.
alone with Cas. As soon as he and Cas were together, the thoughts would return with full force. Cas shifted next to him, and their shoulders touched. Dean was breathless. God, this was pathetic. He had to get some space between them.
"Maybe," Dean grins. "He wants his food. You remember his order, right?"
Dean shakes his head. "No, I do, I just…I thought I made that up. Because I—I want…" He licks his lips. "I want you."
Dean follows Cas down the short hallway and out into the parking lot. The Impala is the only car left. The summer air is warm and humid. The stars twinkle above them. Dean reaches into his pocket and grabs his keys, already missing today. It was so blissful and happy. Dean's still adjusting to not feeling completely shitty all the time, let alone happy. It's nice but also kind of weird.
The waitress returns with the beers. Dean eagerly grabs his and takes a long sip. Castiel picks his up as Dean is drinking. He drinks a little. He knows the alcohol will go straight to his head since he's hardly eaten. Maybe it will make him feel a little better. So Castiel takes another, longer drink.
“Okay….so why are you acting strange about it?”
He looked in the direction Sam's voice came from, and his eyes landed on Sam and...Crowley near the bathroom door. Sam was staring at Dean with wide eyes, and Crowley had a small smirk on his face. Then Dean remembered what was happening. Dean blushed furiously and cleared his throat awkwardly as he and Cas separated.
Dean suddenly stood up. His chair scraping loudly, breaking the silence like glass. Cas looked up at him. His blue eyes filled with surprise. Dean looked away, so he'd stop wondering what those eyes looked like up close.
Dean scoots over and cups Cas' face. "Shh, save your strength. Sam's coming. We'll take you back home and patch you up."
Cas just smiled at the table. "Maybe."
Dean's head was spinning as someone's tongue was shoved down his throat and hands were underneath his shirt, touching every inch of his torso. He already had too much to drink, and now he was kissing some stranger outside. Or was it a stranger? He had envisioned kissing Cas, but that couldn't be right. Shit, shit, shit. Those last two shots were catching up. But now there was a leg between his thighs rubbing on him in all the right ways that took priority over everything else he was feeling.
I’m brushing my teeth before bed when Cas walks over to the bathroom and leans against the doorframe. I catch his gaze in the reflection.
And Dean doesn't really care. It hurt at first, but that was eclipsed by the ecstasy of having Cas back. He'll take Cas in any way he can get. Angel. Human. Friend. Lover. Anything. Just as long as Cas is here and safe.
“You’re really here,” Castiel says, and they pull apart.
He found happiness.
"I didn't say anything."
"Dean!"
Dean picked up the whiskey bottle. "Want some?"
He was shoved on his back as the demon caught up to him. He'd forgotten about that. The demon crouched in front of Dean and swung his dagger, and by some miracle Dean managed to catch the demon's arm. Must've been muscle memory or something. The adrenaline also sobered him up just a little.
Dean blushes then feels embarrassed about blushing, which only makes it worse. He can't believe he feels so happy over this. The oven beeps again, and the moment is over. Dean gets the brownies out, but burns himself on purpose this time. Cas doesn't seem to mind.
happy. And so is Sam. They somehow did it. Part of Dean is convinced this must be a dream or something.
"Dean, I've done everything for you."
Dean cups Cas' face and kisses him. It's so soft and gentle and full of such
Castiel is still pissed. He’s sort of worked himself up over his broken hand and losing Dean. He does this sometimes. Gets in his own head too much. He’s not completely paying attention to his surroundings—a running theme apparently—when he opens the door to the building and smacks right into someone.
They were soon walking out the door. Dean didn't remember standing up, but they were suddenly halfway across the room. Dean also felt himself starting to stumble and grabbed onto Marco's arm without a second thought. Marco put his hand over Dean's as they stepped outside.
“Uh, Cas,” I say tentatively. I don’t want to piss him off by telling him what to do, but a crying baby can’t be a good thing.
"Mmhmm." Dean leans his head against the wall and stares at Cas. The singular white light in the center of the ceiling casts long shadows on Cas' face, making his face full of dark, sharp angles. It reminds Dean of the Cas he met in a barn over a decade ago. Dean lets the nostalgia wash over him as he stares at his best friend. Cas takes another drink from the champaign bottle and swallows. It's really distracting, especially when Cas has his shirt unbuttoned like that.
"Really?" Dean replies sarcastically. "I hadn't noticed." He gets out of the car.
sleeping in that bed."
the one making it for me.”
Cas frowns. “Clothes.”
That stubborn motherfucker. But Dean can be stubborn right back. This will show him! "Well, I love you. So there," Dean states, staring at Cas to challenge him on
everything. “Huh?”
“Shut up and drive, Dean.”
"What does that mean?" Cas asks.
"Yes."
Dean slides a plate over to Cas. “Merry Christmas.”
“Yeah, you did.”
April stares at Castiel as if he suddenly started speaking another language.
“Not as amazing as your concert.” Dean points a spatula at Castiel and winks.
again. He feels despair and helplessness over losing his grace. He feels depression from the current situation of the world. And he feels so many things about Dean. He tries not to think about Dean.
Dean glanced at Baby, but she was behind the demon. He could not win a fight while he was like this. His only option was to run. So he ran. Or tried to. He only got a few feet before he slammed into the street. Dean stared at the ground in confusion. He knew he hit it hard, but he couldn't feel it. Something wet was in his mouth. Dean put his fingers numbly up to his mouth and pulled them away. Blood.
“What are you wearing?” I ask like a dumbass. Seeing him out of his regular outfit is…it’s not weird, but it’s…I don’t know. Not normal?
Cas looks up at Dean's silence.
Dean flips him off then swallows. “What I was
Insecurity slams into Castiel’s chest. “Yes, I’m aware.”
Dean wipes his hands on his pants. “Is this where you want it?”
Dean leans in and gently presses his lips against Cas'. There's a moment where neither of them move, as if what they're doing isn't real, but then Cas' mouth opens up under Dean's, and Dean moves in closer. He still has one hand on Cas' face and moves it back to tangle in his hair. Dean allows himself to get lost in the kiss. It's slow and gentle and even better than anything he dreamed a kiss could ever be. It's all
I think tiredly.
“Oh,” Cas says in surprise. “Thank you.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel says.
Dean grabs his phone and sees it’s a FaceTime call. He’s about to press the answer button when Cas says,
Dean squinted at his chest, finding a hopefully non-lethal area for the blade to hit, aimed, and directed the blade into that spot. The blade sunk into Dean faster than he was expecting. He also wasn't expecting to feel nothing. Both he and the demon blinked in surprise at the blade sticking out of Dean's torso. He was still alive, so Dean guess his idea worked.
, Lisa.”
And that's it! A final thanks to everyone who read this incomplete work and my ramble-y author's notes. I really appreciate it.
Cas is losing his grace.
It feels like home.
“When will you be able to play again?”
"Oh...I'm not sure."
Sam's eyes flicked between his brother and the angel, his gaze apprehensive.
Dean studied Castiel for a long moment. His eyes were fierce, but there was something vulnerable behind them. "How long?" the hunter finally asked.
“What’s the scar from?” Dean asks.
kid. No way. Yeah, it was possible to pursue a relationship with Cas while also taking care of Lisa and his kid but that was…it was too complicated. And there’s no way Dean is going to bring Cas into his shit. Cas didn’t ask for a kid, or Dean’s complicated love life. So, Dean won’t drag him into that.
I shut my mouth. Oh.
"Is something wrong, Dean?"
"In the case. Our research is going nowhere."
“He won’t stop crying. Dean, it’s been
Cas cautiously placed his hands on Dean's waist. It was very distracting. "You doubted
God, he’s so touch-starved.
Dean has to look away, so Cas can’t see him blush.
Cas sighed heavily, but didn't look at Dean. "No, Dean, I'm not mad."
“Awesome, thanks,” Dean says, and Castiel follows him to his car.
"Yes, he's fine," Cas said. "He just wanted me to tell you he left the motel."
Dean keeps cooking, and Castiel is having a serious problem with looking at anything other than where Dean’s shirt is unbuttoned. But Dean is too preoccupied in cooking to notice Castiel, so what’s the harm?
As I walk closer, the first thing I see is blood. There’s a lot of it. And then I see
Cas' eyes snap up to meet Dean's. "Um, yes." His cheeks turn pink.
“Oh, so no dinner then?” Castiel can’t help but feel a little disappointed.
correctly!”
"Yes, of course."
Cas blushed. "Sorry."
"Okay," Castiel responds. He doesn't care what they do. Just as long as he's back with Dean. Castiel doesn't realize he's dozed off until he jerks awake. Something is on his shoulder. He turns to see Dean's hand.
Dean opens his eyes. Cas' smile is gone, and all the sadness has moved to his eyes. "Do what?" Dean asks.
"What? Why?"
"How long have you, you know,
Dean rolled his eyes. "I don't know why it bothers you so much." Honestly. It was Dean's life, and if he wanted to get drunk to feel better, he's allowed to.
But it didn't matter. Dean was in a good mood. He'd believe it for now. Everything else was tomorrow's problem—if he could even remember any of this. If any of this was real. His second shoe was taken off, and Dean held his arms up again for Cas. He felt the bed next to him dip before Cas put an arm around Dean. Dean held onto it like a lifeline.
“Oh my god, hi!” Dean says and walks out from behind the counter and hugs her. She smells good like strawberries. Just like he remembers. He releases her.
“Dean talks about you all the time,” Sam tattles.
Dean closed his eyes. Cas was warm. He put a hand on Cas'. He didn't want this to end. Dean opened his eyes again to see Cas directly in front of him. The angel was looking right into his eyes like he could see into Dean's soul. Dean felt like he shouldn't breathe too hard, or he'd shatter this moment like glass.
“Would you want to, um…” Dean’s gaze bounces around before settling back down on Castiel. “Want to stay the night since you’re tired?”
He grimaces at the message, but he can’t think clearly enough to have the good grammar he usual messages people with.
“Still good?”
Garth shrugs. “That’s not a bad thing.”
Cas sets down the ice scraper and pulls out a jar of honey. He holds it in confusion. “Is this from the farmers’ market?”
“Oh, I just…well, I’ll be out of town for the holidays, and I didn’t want to miss it, but…” Dean moves his spoon around in his bowl.
April tentatively walks into the room. She looks around before her eyes land on the piano. It’s in the same spot it’s always been in since Castiel and Dean brought it inside. Castiel stuffs down the bittersweet nostalgia that swells in his chest.
They both fell silent.
“Dean.”
Cas kisses him so gently Dean thinks he's going to cry. The way Cas cradles his face just like when he was touching the flowers is making Dean feel
It isn't a normal stare. It's intense. It's as if Cas is studying every inch of Dean's face. Dean feels himself blush and quickly turns away. He places the whisks in the sink and takes a few more sips (okay, more like gulps) from the whiskey. Cas is staring at him again.
The AAA worker moves out from under the hood of Castiel’s truck. She looks at him with raised eyebrows, “I don’t even know how you were driving in the first place. This thing is a mess.”
"I am not…
, and leans on Dean more than he should. Not even ten minutes into the movie, Dean holds Castiel’s hand, and Castiel can’t stop himself from grinning as if he just won the lottery.
Dean races out the door.
Castiel nods and eats another spoonful. He can sense an awkward silence coming. “What about your brother? Sam? Does he live in town?”
“Yes.” He glances up at me. There’s fire behind his gaze. He
Castiel steps out of his Uber. He rubs his hand nervously. He has a scar that stretches over his left hand that looks like lightning. He hates it. His hand is still sore, too, even though it’s been over a week since he had his cast taken off. The doctor said it would be months before the soreness went away. So, Castiel isn’t quite sure what he’s doing here.
"I never would have thought buying my brother tickets to meet Jess would ever lead to me having dinner in your trailer. Sorry, I…" Dean chuckles a little more. "It's just hard to believe." He looks up meeting Cas' eyes and sees the confusion in them. "What?"
"So, Dean," Lucifer starts this time and Castiel tenses again. "What's your family like?"
Yes that’s true.
Other than that, I hope you enjoy! AND thank you to everyone who commented, kudos, and bookmarked! Don't be afraid to tell me what you thought of this chapter \(^-^)/ I don't bite
"Why did Dean get kicked out of a bar?" Sam asks still a little hung up on never hearing about this.
"That's good." Cas sits up. "The bond is sure to change over time, but it seems your body has taken it well."
This chapter is focused on Sam, so there isn't any Cas and Dean moments, but there will be soon, so don't worry!
Dean gives him a small smile and leans in slowly. “Can I kiss you?” Castiel nods again, a little more enthusiastically, and Dean closes the space between them. Just like the first time he kissed Dean, he lets himself be taken in by it, letting himself go. He releases the memories of the accident and the pain and instead focuses on this man, this beautiful, gracious, and kind man, trusting that he will take care of him.
He clears his throat and speaks to get his mind off it. “So, do I need to go kick my kid brother’s ass outta bed?”
Castiel doesn’t get a chance to reply before a body plops unceremoniously in the desk in front of his, the sound of gum popping following shortly after. A pair of heavy black boots thud on the desk in the opposite row from them. He doesn’t have to look up to know who it is.
“Sammy, in here,” Dean says, running a hand through his hair and over his ear.
“I am tired of playing games, I suggest you get to the point quickly.” Castiel throws the pliers and tooth on a metal surgical tray. The clatter loudly, but it doesn’t drown out the man’s whimpers. “Yes, I will kill you either way, but do you want to end this quickly, or do you enjoy pain?”
Dean shrugs as if it’s no big deal, sliding on his leather jacket, shoes, bag and grabbing his keys. “Nothing big, just, don’t plan anything that can’t be done from a hotel room.”
Before he has time to ask, Dean’s hand is snaking around the back of his neck and pulling him into a heated kiss. His tongue pushes its way into his mouth, making Castiel lean in more. Dean pulls back and bites Castiel’s bottom lip a little roughly and Castiel moans unexpectedly. He releases hip lip and backs up so their faces are only inches away, leaving Castiel’s breathing a little uneven.
Dean makes a disgusted face at his brother and shakes his head. "You and your rabbit food, I'm telling you."
Dean arches a brow at the use of the word ‘we’, but he lets it go since Sam leaves the room so Charlie can get to work. Dean turns to Charlie with a sigh, running a hand through his hair. “Charlie, you don't have t-”
What startled Castiel last night, after they finally stopped, was how much he wanted Dean there to hold him. That single thought is what kept Castiel up the remainder of the night, along with the fact that he could barely close his eyes without seeing the accident.
Castiel stares at him trying to judge the truth of the words, but even if he caught the half lie, he wouldn't say anything. Dean and Castiel aren't close enough for that yet. Instead, Castiel turns his attention to the opening elevator doors with a nod. "I understand. I get pretty worn out after these conventions too."
Where did Cas have to go, hmm? What happened? Was it Alistair, or perhaps someone else? We may never know (until later, anyway xD) I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
“I have many people who would like my head on a platter,
Unluckily for the alpha whimpering, bleeding all over the wooden floor.
“We know who, but now we need to get him.” Cas spreads his wings a little in order to sit on the other side of the bed next to Dean. “We found the second alpha that was there, but we still need the one who went through with their mission.”
And Castiel knows it's a crappy excuse to say he has to do it now because he could easily say no, but he doesn't want to see Dean upset or hurting in any way. So as much as Castiel doesn't like it, he's going to join in, but only as much as he has to.
Dean frowns, so he's definitely already heard. "I'm fine." It’s not a lie, he is fine.
“I want to try something,” Castiel whispers and leans in, nipping at his bottom lip. Dean hums, eyes hooded and staring at him with lust blown pupils. “Will you let me?”
Castiel’s nails dig into his palms. He was so sure his brothers would like Dean. Why wouldn’t they? He’s kind and treats him right, but they don’t like him simply because he’s ‘too old’ for him? Do they just not care about how he feels? Do they not want him to be happy?
Cas asked him to do it? Dean's eyes widen for a second. Is it because of what Dean said on Friday to Cas? He remembered that? And he even went to such lengths to make sure he didn't get too much of a spotlight on him.
Dean doesn’t even see it coming when Cas swoops in and swiftly steals it from Dean, almost effortlessly and Cas’ team cheers. Dean snaps his head back to Cas’ back with wide eyes, then a wide smirk slowly crosses his face and he knows he doesn’t have to hold back anymore. It’s on.
“Michael, I’m alright, really.” He says trying to put his brother at ease. “I just …” Castiel sighs, not sure he wants to tell his brother what really happened since he doesn’t even really know what happened. That would only make Michael worry more than he needs to. He has a stressful job as an FBI agent, he doesn’t need to worry about Castiel more than he already does. “I apologize for disappointing you. It appears I drank too much. I fell asleep.”
"All that school work is frying your brain, Sammy. It was easy." Dean says smugly.
Cas doesn't want to pick up on the pain in Dean's question, but it's inevitable. The pain as clear as day. Had Dean come out to someone he thought he could trust and they threatened to spread rumors about him? Is that why Dean doesn't want to come out? The thought made Cas’ stomach twist.
A wide smile appears in Gabriel’s lips. “I got just the thing for you.” He nods towards the open door to his shop. “Come on in.” Dean doesn’t hesitate to walk past the slightly older man. Once the door is closed Gabriel walks behind the counter and reaches down for his bag and opens it. “I figured you would come back looking for them. Lucky you caught me before I left though.” He stands back up and holds out the papers Dean, yet again, never thought he would be so overjoyed to see.
“Damn, Sammy, if I knew this is all it takes to shut you up I would have done it years ago.” Sam only licks his lips and nods, still lost in his own little world. “Did I break you?” Dean waves a hand in front of Sam’s face arching an inquisitive brow at him.
And yet again, after that, Monday was just the same old Monday Dean has come to love to hate.
"You have a normal life, and where it might not be easy, I really do envy it." He pauses for a moment, but he doesn't meet Dean's stare, and having finished their meals long ago he has nothing to occupy himself. "What you said before about not wanting to act because of privacy. I really do understand that." His eyes trail up Dean's chest and stop on his eyes. Dean is listening intently, not wanting to interrupt Cas. "As you probably know I was born into the world of celebrities and flashing lights. Paparazzi always on my doorstep. I was never given the choice to lead a normal life. Gabriel, he tries, but people still know him and will go to him because he is part of the Novak family." Cas' face faintly turns into a frown for a second before going back to normal. "I'm not saying a life like yours is easy by any means, especially since I don't know what you have been through or what you still go through, but I envy it. That's why I have been trying to keep your privacy safe, and I will try to do that because I would like to think of us as friends, and friends do that kind of thing for one another."
“He said ‘Have a good day, babe.’”
Cas sees the sudden shift in Dean as he turns his head back, and it makes Cas squint his eyes and tilt his head in puzzlement, but he says nothing and slowly looks back to the other pictures. The two of them make their way around the room, Cas and Dean both sharing opinions on the decorations and the set itself. They eventually end up sitting on the couch and Dean throws an arm over the back, eyes cast out to the dark of the warehouse.
Before the doors close, Dean looks back at Balthazar who is watching him with a suspicious look. The doors close before he can say something he’ll regret.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean’s voice stops him from getting out and he quickly looks back.
Castiel cringes a little but nods and they take their seats. He should have known he couldn't get anything past his brother. He's in the FBI for crying out loud, he's practically a certified lie detector.
“Gabriel?”
“Is there anything else I should know about?” Dean says, clearing his throat.
"Is there no privacy anymore?" Dean grumbles, wishing he would have been able to be the one to tell Cas. He needs to tell him, but he just wishes he could have done it on his terms.
*****
Dean blinks a couple times, staring at him. “Like, Inias from the lobby, Inias?”
“It’s alright.” He cuts him off, not wanting him to worry. “I’m able to handle him. Go have fun.”
Dean drops his eyes to the photo. It would be nice to have Cas treat his son like his own. He doesn’t want his kit to grow up feeling excluded and unloved. And part of Dean feels that Cas will make a good father. “I’ll try.”
Sam lifts his ankle, a monitor wrapped around it. "I try, and I'll get shocked so bad I pass out."
The men all look at one another then beam over to the pair welcoming them with open arms. Cas and Dean end up on separate teams, and Dean plans on going easy for Cas since he seems so nervous. When they start the game, Dean is quick to steal the ball from the other team and try to go to the other net. He gets surrounded and kicks it to one of his teammates.
“It’s not bad. My stomach just won’t settle.”
But then again, this would mean the world to his brother, finally being able to talk to Jess again. Hell, he would be happy with just being able to see her in person again, even if he didn’t get to talk to her. The smile that would light up Sam’s eyes would all be worth it, and with that thought, Dean decides he is buying the ticket for his brother. Even if it means Dean will have to cut back on eating for a little while, it’s worth it to see Sam that happy.
"Hey-o, Cassie, guess who I just saw in the crowd." Gabriel smiles walking beside Castiel. Castiel looks to his brother trying to figure out who was in the crowd. That's when Gabriel continues talking. "Yup, that's right. Dean is here," Castiel rolls his eyes knowing exactly where this is going. If it were anyone else telling him then Castiel wouldn't think anything of it other than being a little happy, but Gabriel never has good intentions. "But don't get too excited," He continues, "He is only general admissions. Although there is something you can get excited over." Gabriel wiggles his eyebrows at his brother who only has narrowed, unamused eyes on him. "He was only excited that Jessica is going to be here because his brother wants to meet her again. It wasn't for him."
Gabriel grins wickedly at those on stage, eyes falling on Dean. When he sees his hesitation he arches a brow, but he doesn’t have time to ponder what's going on in Dean's noggin right now. He looks back to the other contestants smirking. "Remember, you're not here to make friends, you're here to win. Show no mercy." Gabriel pauses for a second thinking that over. "But no physical violence, please. Be gentle." The crowd laughs at that.
Gabriel arches a brow. "She only just started acting though. How did you know her?"
Dean swallows the food in his mouth shaking his head. "No, I'm here with my brother."
Dean looks up when he sees someone else walk into the kitchen. “Convenient timing, we just finished up.”
Balthazar looks past him into his apartment and scrunches his nose.
Charlie frowns wanting to grab Sam’s hand, but stop herself. “I never knew that."
Dean narrows his eyes. “It's not important.”
It started with one of his nightmares. He hadn’t had one in a few weeks, so this one had snuck up on him, catching him off his guard. It was a bad one too, every little detail seering its way into the backs of Castiel’s eyelids so that’s what he sees every time he closes his eyes. The nightmare dredged up the bad thoughts too. He knows he isn’t supposed to think the thoughts that he did last night; he and his therapist worked hard on that, but sometimes the bad thoughts can’t be stopped. Sometimes, he just has to ride them out until they stop on their own.
In which Dean responds with his usual, “Hey, Cas.”
Wait, Cas knew he was on stage, so that must mean he's-
Dean gives a relieved breath and a watery smile. “Yeah, Cas, it’s me.” Castiel frowns, focusing on Dean’s face. His green eyes are filled with concern. “You’re back, you’re okay.” Dean pulls him into his chest and Castiel lets himself be manhandled. Closing his eyes is a mistake and he rips them open a second later. The image of the bloody man on the sidewalk staring back at him. Dean’s strong arms around him are a solid weight that helps ground him in the moment. His fingers card through Castiel’s hair and he hums under his breath into his hair.
“Can’t sleep?” Dean asks making Cas jump, looking wide eyed up at Dean.
Cas runs a hand down his face slightly annoyed, but knowing Michael is his brother and of course he would want to know who his little brother is dating. “It isn’t anybody you know, he’s Gabriel’s friend.”
When he sees Benny watching him from where he’s leaning against the car, Dean keeps walking, not wanting to cause issues if the beta tries something like he sometimes does. He walks down the stairs, and when he gets to the car Benny opens the back door for him before he gets to him. It irks him, but he doesn’t pick a fight about it. He’s gotta be the perfect omega, right?
That was one hell of a game, but I'm afraid it is time for me to leave. Have a great rest of con, try not to miss me too much!" He waves as he puts an arm around Dean leading him off stage, and he hands off the mic to the person going out on stage.
“I had a great time today, Cas.”
"He's fine, this is his birthday present. He wanted to meet Jess again so I decided this would be the way to do it."
“Feeling better?”
Sam closes his mouth and runs a hand through his hair, sighing. “Look, it’s not because you’re an omega, you know that.”
“Exactly.” Sam sighs knowing that even with these two it's going to be difficult. “My brother, he’s had a rough life, and I just want him to be comfortable with who he is. He was fine with himself for the most part when we were younger, but one day when he was 16 he randomly changed. I remember it like it was yesterday. The complete 360 of his personality.” Images of that night flash in his mind and it gives him a little chill. “It was like he wasn't Dean anymore. Back then he was still figuring out who he was, like all of us, and looking back I see the same things happening again. I have a feeling if I don’t help him with this then he’s going to get frustrated with himself and never accept his feelings because they ‘aren’t normal’, and the same thing is going to happen like when he was 16.”
Или ты прикидываешься дурачком? - Or are you playing stupid?
"Castiel?" Michael's voice rings through the air and Castiel can hear him kicking off his shoes, not even bothering to straighten them before walking towards the kitchen.
The older Novak doesn't stay deflated long though before he notices Sam and Dean wearing Cas’ clothes. He arches a brow. “Do I have to wear your clothes too, or what’s going on?”
is the Dean that you did the hanky-panky with?”
Carlos apologizes again and buries his nose back into his work laying atop his desk, trying not to think about just getting yelled at in front of the entire class. Dean’s eyes slide over to Ann who is thinning her lips, he gives her a small smile then goes back to grading some papers.
Sam corrects himself and rolls his eyes. “No, but whenever you ask to talk, well, you know what happens.”
Dean growls back, standing. “Forget it. Last fucking time I’ll try to be nice.” He turns to the elevator and starts to leave. He grabs his jacket and bike helmet from the closet.
Cas smiles. "That's nice to hear."
“Ahh, Cassie, great to see you again.” He isn’t looking at Castiel when he says this. His eyes are glued to Dean. “And who is this ruggishly handsome lad staring at my highly inebriated baby brother?”
Cas turns back to them with a regretful smile. "I apologize for not being here to greet you," Cas looks over to Dean with the almost empty plate. "But it appears Gabriel understood how to occupy you until I was free."
Cheeky bastard.
"It's been so long! It's so good to see you again, I can't believe it's really you." She keeps a hand on his bicep, staring into his eyes. Her smile is so bright it could blind someone, it isn't like that smile from when he walked up, this one is just for him.
“I haven’t known you long,” Cas starts, “but I’ve gathered you like to use humor as a way to deflect when you’re uncomfortable.”
Sam looked over to Gabriel who is nodding lightly. “And?
Castiel mumbles a tired, "I don't wanna." But gets up anyway.
That is until another jump scare comes on and Cas jumps and grabs Dean’s knee in a kung-fu grip. Dean can’t help but smile, but repressing the chuckle is a different story. He bites his bottom lip trying to stop it, and finally, the urge to laugh is squashed, but the smile won’t leave his face.
He kicks his shoes off and throws his bag on the couch in front of the television, then he strips his belt off and heads back to his room getting into some more comfortable pants. Now in more fitting attire for the evening, Dean makes his way back into the living room to plop down on the couch alongside his bag and throws his feet up on the coffee table. He pulls out the papers and his favorite red pen, clicking the end and starts marking up the papers.
Cas rubs his nose and cheek along Dean's neck before pulling back and meeting his eyes. "Don't cause too much trouble," he says before turning to Balthazar and saying, "Let's go."
Castiel is nervous, his heart is thumping wildly at all the possibilities of how tonight will go. Thinking about how all his siblings will react to Dean, Castiel finds himself wishing Anna was here. She would have loved Dean. He cuts a piece of chicken a little harder than necessary.
But now that he’s a teacher, he sees the other side to things that he refused to see when he was in school. The students, oh man, they’re worse than the devil sometimes. They have absolutely no filter whatsoever, and try making everyone feel like shit just to make themselves feel better. Little assholes are what they are, but Dean isn’t allowed to call them that if he wants to keep his job, so if anyone asks, his answer is that they are temperamental teens. Dean now sees why all his teachers hated him with such a passion before and doesn’t blame them for their acrimony.
himself for leaning into it. For needing and wanting it. He didn’t deserve it. Heck, he wasn’t even sure why anybody bothered to be around him. He was worthless after all, wasn’t he?
“No!” Dean flinched violently, gasping for air. Scrambling at his bedside table he finally found the light and flipped it on. His door opened suddenly, and he feared at first it would be Sam. Relief washed over him when he saw that it was Cas, who immediately shut the door behind him and sat on Dean’s bed. Dean instantly curled into his side, only wanting – needing – comfort. He hadn’t realized how bad he had been shaking until Cas grasped one of his hands, rubbing slow, gentle circles.
Dean nodded, pouring himself coffee, anything to keep him semi-occupied. “I’m sorry Dean,” Sam continued, “I mean, after everything you’ve done for me and I let you get abused in your own home–”
Philip must have been able to see that now was not the time for rude remarks. With a pained grunt, he pushed himself from the ground, and hastily stumbled from the room, Sam followed him to the doorway, watching as he left.
“Don’t forget the gluten free cheerios.”
From the kitchen came the slight sound of the kettle whistling. “I have to go, Dean’s waiting on me.”
Dean took several deep breaths, “Okay.. okay… You’re sure?”
He trailed off, clearly not done with his train of thought, so Dean prompted, grabbing his bag from the back, “What’s up angel?”
milk? Who does he think he is?”
“Umm, listen… I- I need to…
get up, he
“W-Wait a second, are you sure about this?” Sam asked doubtfully.
But he couldn’t do that yet. He couldn’t leave Dean, not like this. “Dean what he said – and did – to you, it was wrong. So,
Dean trembled, as silent sobs overcame him. Maybe he hadn’t actually hurt Kaia, hadn’t been that violent with her, but wasn’t there a part of him that had wanted to? When he realized she would never give them the spear – the one thing they knew could hurt Michael. Hadn’t he wanted to revert back to everything he had learned in hell, done on
Cas smiled softly, happy the tea was comforting to Dean, “Of course it’s okay. I’ll be back in a few minutes, alright?”
After a few minutes, Cas picked Dean up and sat on the bed, Dean’s legs splayed across his lap. Dean curled into his side, sorrow and shame and fear pouring out of him in tears. Cas waited until Dean had seemed to calm down, or at least, he was no longer crying. “Dean…”
Dean grimaced, nodding his head slightly. Instead of answering however, he sipped his tea and
Dean shook his head absently. “And It wasn’t a blink, being possessed. I made it sound like that, but it wasn’t. While Michael did –
“But you’re sure you’re alright?” Cas asked, needing to double check.
Dean opened his eyes. He was confused to find a strange, ornate pair of doors in front him. Glancing around he didn’t see anything, nor anyone. Deciding to test his luck with the doors, Dean gripped the handles and swung them open. He took a step forward and found that he was horribly dizzy, a splitting headache washing over the previous numbness. Dean could see a pillar close to him and he reached out, desperately needing something to ground and steady him.
“Of course, Dean.” And that’s how they sat for however long, until Cas had to break the silence.
“I can’t figure you out right now. One minute you’re…” Cas bit his lip, “But the next you’re happy, ecstatic even, you – we have a broken tape deck, we drove the whole ride without music, and you did not complain once.”
Cas grinned, “Lactose intolerant, apparently. He likes the sweetened coconut one."
“Yeah, I can handle it.” he assured.
be doing something. He
Gently, Cas grabbed the arm Dean had been burning. Bringing his fingers down he was about to heal it when Dean shouted, “No!” He yanked his arm away, “I don’t – I – not yet…”
“Sam is approaching,” he warned, remembering Dean’s want to keep their relationship a secret for now. Judging by how content Dean had seemed, Castiel was surprised by how fast Dean shot up, looking remarkably – normal.
“Yeah, there have been a few changes made, so, uh..” Sam explained.
Sam shrugged, “Doesn’t matter. What was it that you wanted to tell me?” He prompted.
Dean nodded, “Right. So, Cas, I’m gonna need you to, uh, get in my head y’know, do the whole Vulcan mind melt thing because if I can’t remember what happened, I need you to drag it out of me okay?”
“Dean?”
“Yes, angel, we can.” Dean affirmed.
Dean turned to look at Cas. “What?” His voice came out stressed and exasperated. They had, after all, been there for an hour and were only halfway through their list. Partly because Walmart was extra crowded on Saturdays, partly because it was Walmart, but mostly because Dean would see the name of an item on the list and immediately go there, rather than follow it top to bottom. Sam had gotten good at listing the items needed in order after taking so many trips.
“Good,” Cas said, placing a kiss on Dean’s forehead before walking behind the counter, “because we need to get a move on these pancakes.”
Cas sighed, “I just… When I was in heaven, searching for Jack… Your soul it – well it’s something I never want to feel again,” Cas explained. He didn’t even want to tell Dean what he had felt. Dean’s soul had been dark as of late, even dimmer with the death of Jack, but when he was in heaven, it had felt almost like a black hole. Pure darkness and hopelessness and pain and suffering – Cas shook his head, the memory itself was enough to make him weep, and to try and imagine that Dean –
Putting the tea kettle on the stove, Cas knew he would have at least five minutes before the water would heat. Plenty of time to…take care of Philip. As he was about to exit the kitchen, Sam walked in, “Hey, Cas, why did you run off earlier? What was the big rush? Is De ok?”
The only thing that had changed was the people around him. Before he would have Sam, Cas, Bobby at first, and his mom later on. Now though, he was surrounded by strangers – constantly. He could escape to his bedroom, or the garage to Baby, but the people would still be there when he got back, still scrutinizing him, still judging him. A few were okay, especially Jules and Maggie; though even Maggie would avoid being in a room alone with him. He supposed he couldn’t really blame them.
. One weapon we know will work and some teenage girl won’t give it to us…”
“What do you mean?”
in swirly black ink. “It’s perfect for you.”
Dean gasps, grabbing at his head with his free hand. His face scrunches from the searing pain, and he’s grateful that Sam hasn’t tried to move again.
“Well then, up an’ at ‘em.” Dean reluctantly pulled himself away from Cas, turning away to compose himself.
“I don’t know…” Dean whispered, “this isn’t something we can kill, this is a screwed-up me problem.”
“Yeah, or who his favorite spice girl is,” Dean sassed.
Cas’s brow furrowed, “What don’t you want to do?”
“Hey Dean…” Sam replied.
Dean barely nodded his head, greasing the pan on the stove. “I’m uh, I know you won’t… for a while now – crap. I can’t do this.” Dean flicked off the burner and practically ran from the room. Sam wasn’t sure what to do, so he stayed, poured himself a cup of coffee, and hoped Dean would return.
“I don’t know,” Dean whispers. Shaking his head, he continues louder, but no less scared, “I don’t know, okay? One minute I feel like I’m being ripped apart, and the next I’m staring at two wooden doors without a clue as to what’s just happened.”
“Philip?” White hot anger poured through Castiel’s veins. “The hunter Philip? Dean what did he do to you?”
Dean’s lip quivered, but he was determined not to cry anymore today. “Thank you,” he breathed. In response, Cas gently ran his fingers through Dean’s hair
Philip’s gaze twitched between Cas and Sam, “W-w-what, I – seriously? C’mon man, I mean sure he’s your brother but you know the crap he’s done. And letting in Michael? It’s what he deserves.”
“Dean, first of all, you have not disappointed me, you have always been there when I needed you, no matter was going on at the time. Second, how could you think yourself weak? After all you’ve been through, and yet you’re still here, still fighting, still
If Dean thought he couldn’t be anymore baffled by the situation, he was definitely wrong. Cas telling him that he was loved? To actually hear that aloud? It was overwhelming. “Uh, I um…” Dean ran a hand over his face, quickly trying to form a coherent sentence, “I think I have a spare set of pajamas in the bottom drawer,” he told Cas, gesturing to his dresser. “They’d probably be more comfortable.”
Cas looked up with a comforting smile, moving to where Dean was and plucking a box from the shelf, “Here.” He placed the box in the cart, along with the two Dean was holding. “You need to calm down, babe, you look like your about to faint.” Cas rubbed up and down Dean’s arms, who was trying to take deep breaths. After a few minutes, Cas held Dean’s hand, “Come on, we’ll be out of here in no time.”
a-and all the people he’s hurt?
Cas smiled softly and stood, “Of course, Dean.”
kill him. And now, I have a chance to do that.”
“Well, then, what’s the problem.” He snapped.
Ever since coming out to Sam, being able to feel “free” in his relationship with Cas, he had been happier. It was relieving knowing Sam accepted him. But not everyone did. Not for being bisexual, no one seemed to bat an eyelash at that, but for being Michael’s vessel. The looks, the stares, the avoidance, the words about him that would flitter through the air when they thought he couldn’t hear. It got to him, which was frustrating, especially knowing that before, he would’ve, eventually, stood up for himself; but he was still healing from Michael. Oh, who is he kidding, he’s barely healing.
This time, Cas led Dean, and, true to his word, they were at the end of there list, standing in front of the milk at the back of the store. Cas pulled three gallons from the refrigerator, “Hey can you grab Sam’s milk?”
„Good to see you too, Sam.“ whispers Cas, nods and greets Bobby, who reciprocates with a nod and an ear-to-ear grin he was seldom seen with.
Cas looked at Dean a bit pitiful. „I want to be part in sustaining the househould.“
Then feels a larger pressure against his entrance. That's it. It's like Cas cock is pressing against a wall of flesh. His flesh. Like there is nothing he could fit in. He feels him slide in, but has no relation of how deep.
"What?" Cas asks.
After Dean finishes cleaning up the evidence that he just cried like a teenage girl as best as he can (his eyes are still puffy and red), Cas says he wants to take Dean somewhere. Dean has Cas drive him for the first time. It’s Cas’ new car apparently, and Cas is very proud of it. Dean doesn’t tell Cas he hates Jeeps. Maybe he can excuse this one Jeep since it’s Cas’. Dean calls Bobby to tell him he can’t make it to work. Bobby says he hopes Dean rests, and he’ll see Dean tomorrow.
"When?"
“I…I think it is, yes.”
Castiel runs a hand through his hair. He does not have the money to buy a new car. He puts his hands on his hips. “Okay. Thank you.”
It took me so long to accept that I felt something for the angel. I was good at pushing down my feelings, but I couldn't push them down forever. Especially since I saw him almost every day. But accepting my feelings was better than realizing I could never tell Cas how I felt. We were friends, nothing more. I didn't even think angels
