"Rosie's not here," he said, and tried to wedge himself further in between Mrs. Hudson and the door. "She spent the night at Molly's."
"He has no comment."
Mycroft pulled the mug slightly closer to himself and settled both hands around it, as if he were cold, though the temperature in the flat was quite pleasant. "Do the two of you remember a Mr. James Moriarty?"
"What?" Sherlock sounded unsure.
When John disappeared around a bend in the road towards town, Sherlock stood up, stretching the cramps from his legs. Stone whined and tried to pull him down the driveway after John, but Sherlock coaxed him over to the two cars that were parked next to the house: Mycroft’s and Daddy’s.
He got her out of the car and carried her into the house only to have her cry even harder when she saw the boxes of items they'd gathered together to pass on to Eve.
"Yes," John panted, and tried to move their bodies closer. "I like everything, anything you do. Just touch me." He put his mouth on Sherlock's again and brought the hand he wasn't lying on up to tangle in his hair, eliciting a gasp from Sherlock.
"Sure, you can," Sherlock said. "The more, the merrier. They'll get to meet us, and a number of Scotland Yard's finest, plus Molly, the medical examiner who never shies away from an awkward conversation. Most of us will probably be drunk. Whichever of your prospects survives the evening is the one you ask on a second date."
"Slipped in the park chasing Stone." He rubbed them together to try to brush off the remnants of the mud, though they really weren't that dirty.
"No, I told him to get out on my own. And he listened to me, at least. But still. He just wanted to watch me and Bella. And he still has that video on his phone!"
John shook his head. "It's fine. I appreciate being next to you, but the whole climbing into your husband's hospital bed is really not as romantic as it's made out to be."
For some reason Molly laughed at that. "There's a new Chinese I want to try."
"I will, I will." He shifted until the two of them were lined up properly, then used both hands to guide his sheathed cock into position.
"Oh, yes, that's right. Perhaps I'm thinking of Mycroft. Anyway, I would've liked to be able to see Eve being born. She'll most likely be my only grandchild, after all."
"Then what's the point?"
John knew what the question meant. "You haven't done this before at all, have you?"
After a moment, Sherlock resumed the massage, and John let himself relax into it. By the time Sherlock finished, his muscles felt better than they had in ages. He wouldn't need to take any painkillers tonight after all.
"Sherlock." Molly sighed and put the palms of her hands flat on the table, leaning her weight forward towards him. "Make him an offer, at least. If you're willing. He'll accept. Trust me."
"Starving," John replied, with a small smile.
"No guesses, Sherlock?" Lestrade asked.
But instead, John disappeared down the hall towards the bedroom without another word. Sherlock sighed and went back to waiting to hear from Mycroft.
Sherlock was still asleep when they were done, so John put his soup into the fridge for later and sent Rosie to get ready for bed. Sherlock stirred each time she passed through the living room, but still didn't wake up. John went upstairs and found another quilt in her cupboard for her to use tonight, since neither of them wanted to disturb Sherlock. He laid it out across her bed, then sat next to her while she read him a picture book. It was a good thing that she was reading on her own now, because when she was younger she'd always insisted that Sherlock be the one to read to her—John was only allowed to sing her a lullaby.
"What a wonderful idea!"
John shook his head. Rosie definitely didn't need to worry about passing chemistry, but she did frequently have to be nagged to do her homework. She seemed to take after Sherlock more than John himself sometimes. "How much money do you need?"
He found no matches for the prints in any British databases, so he moved on to searching internationally.
"He died of alcohol poisoning, obviously. Do you have a more interesting dead body for me?"
He sat down on the bed next to her, willing to wait a few minutes for the power to come back on before he went hunting for a torch to leave with her. The living room was full of candles, but he wasn't going to leave an open flame with her overnight.
She ran back over to him and John let go of Sherlock's arm and squatted down to give her a hug and a kiss. "Do you have a hug and a kiss for Sherlock, too?"
"Nope, no way. You are not leaving me to go face her alone. Towels can wait. We'll buy you a new mattress if she bleeds all over it."
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. "John only had Rosie baptised because Mary wanted to. Same reason he got married in a church."
"You like tomato sauce."
"No, Anthea should be able to keep him under control."
Molly picked up the book bag and set it on the kitchen table. "You should give John a massage."
"You didn't attack me on purpose. You were grieving and angry and I started it by trying to stab Culverton Smith. What you did was understandable."
"Mine!" She pulled the plastic baby bath from one of the boxes, sending a pile of smaller objects that had been inside it cascading out of the box. "My bath! Not for baby."
“Mycroft!” Sherlock lowered the phone to yell across the room. “Find them! Now!”
"Good." Sherlock stepped back from the chair. "I'll expect reciprocation in the future. Now I need to go have a shower and a shave. I feel disgusting."
"Dat! No wain!" She pointed her finger into the air, and Sherlock realized what she meant. The light rain had turned over to snow, and for a few seconds a flurry of large, wet flakes surrounded them.
"It was Sherlock's idea."
"We'd already decided that days ago," Sherlock said, and followed Rosie into the flat. "Come on, John."
"Oh." John had certainly heard worse from many patients. "Yes, well, haemorrhoids are common during pregnancy and childbirth. They should clear up fairly quickly, and there are various ointments to make them less painful."
"Are you sure about that?" He shot a sideways glance towards the mirror over the mantel.
Yes, I'm that writer who will write a smutty Christmas tree ficlet but then fade to black rather than having to describe a kiss.
He opened his wardrobe to get a bag for the laptops. Other than a couple of dirty shirts that had been lying on the chair in the corner, all of their clothes appeared to be salvageable, although they would need a thorough cleaning and deodorising. He and John would have to stop and pick up something to wear for the next few days. Despite the fact that he was roughly the same size as his father, and John shared his sartorial taste, he didn't think either one of them wanted to borrow Daddy's clothes.
John opened the door to the flat and held his arm out, motioning Mycroft to enter ahead of him.
Sherlock slid to the end of the sofa and pulled a footstool close so John could put his feet up on it. "How could I forget that the bedrooms are upstairs? I lived here for twenty years."
John stepped over and switched off the motor and sound, then unbuckled her and lifted her into his arms.
"I'm not sure Mrs. Hudson is the best person to help me manage my addiction."
"You can't." John lifted his chin again and met Mycroft's eyes. "You. Keep her away from my daughter."
"But you won't try that now."
Sherlock stared at him. "What kind of question is that?"
Sherlock hesitated. “He could be somewhere else in town.”
"Keep doing it." He could almost understand John's new predilection for pain; though what John was doing to him wasn't painful, the teasing of his fingers around his arse and the effort Sherlock had to expend not to vocalise as loudly as he wanted to were an exquisite type of torture. "More, more. John, please."
"Oh, Sherlock. Hello. I thought I heard you come in." Daddy wandered out of the room at the end of the hallway. "I was just watering the plants. I do it every Sunday, except the spider plants and snake plant are every other week."
"I don't actually believe that. I know we don't—" He waved his hand between the two of them. "Do this as often as we used to, and I'm guessing that's not going to change—"
"First a dog, now you have a plant. What's next, adopting a child?" Mycroft looked up, his normal level of obnoxiousness apparently restored.
"Yes, but it would be worth it. For one thing, he's very skilled—he makes it look like Mycroft still has hair. And I guarantee he would do everything he can to make you feel comfortable. You could stay in your chair, if you wanted, and even if you transferred, you wouldn't have to worry about needing to escape quickly. He works from a secure facility, mostly used by high-level government types who are afraid of being assassinated."
Sherlock turned to face him directly. "John, don't be ridiculous. First of all, I'm married to you, and quite happily, I might add. And second of all, Moriarty is a convicted mass murderer. But even apart from those facts, I don't find him the least bit physically attractive."
"You can't pick that one," Anderson objected.  "That's the one you brought!"
"No. Don't. John."
"Yes, everything is really okay." He huffed and threw his shoulders back, letting his coat flare out around him.
"I mean I'm not saying relaxing your shoulders is a replacement for being properly medicated, but I know when you stopped taking it last year, you had problems sleeping—"
Mycroft stared at him for a moment, then huffed, throwing his shoulders back. "No need to worry. Eurus simply expressed a desire to give her niece a gift, and I agreed to act as deliveryman. You may rest assured that she is still being held securely, and I am certainly not about to bring a child to visit Sherrinford. Eurus and Rosamund will not be anywhere near each other at any time in the foreseeable future."
"I won't need any help, Mummy." Sherlock waved his right hand dismissively. "There's really no need for you to stay here, and you certainly don't need to drag Daddy down here."
Sherlock tipped Lestrade's chair back, watching as John crossed the room again to close the blinds on the door and window that looked out on the rest of the department. When he came back, Sherlock let himself be pulled forward by the lapels for a quick, rough kiss.
"Blend into all grey, these days." John pushed a stray lock off his forehead before returning his attention to his food.
Sherlock smiled slowly and leaned back in his chair. "If we can do that every night, maybe I will start sleeping regularly. But I'm glad I stayed up last night, because I got a lot of work done." He pulled a spiral-bound notebook out from beneath one of the closed laptops.
Sherlock held his breath for a moment, convinced that John must be in the car with him, but only the driver’s side door opened; Leon had not picked him up on his way here.
“Next family, please!” called a scrawny teenager wearing a red-striped hat with elf ears.
"They're not bad, Ethan!" One of the children, a girl of perhaps eleven, reached the tree where Sherlock stood with the dogs. She turned to stand with her hands on her hips, glaring at the smaller boy who ran up behind her. "You shouldn't have tried to run with them. I told you that you couldn't keep up." She looked up at Sherlock for the first time—she appeared to be much less short of breath than he himself was. "Sorry, sir. I told him that he wasn't as fast as they were, but he wouldn't believe me. You know how little brothers are."
. There was nothing beneath her desk but the seat of her chair. He pulled it out and dropped down into it to think. It took a few seconds of measured breathing before he could focus his mind completely—much longer than it should have. He was allowing his emotions far too much control over this case.
They reached her door and Sherlock put his hand on the knob—
Sherlock sighed. "Baby Yoda. They're sold out everywhere."
Sherlock did as directed, waiting for John to finish making the bed and get into it before slipping in next to him. The mattress felt better already.
He took off his shoes, then crossed the room and pushed the coffee table out of the way so he could swing himself out of the chair and settle on the sofa, legs stretched out across the cushions. Stone lost interest in him, retreating to the bedroom as he presumably realised that John was not about to take him outside for a walk right now. Sherlock lingered nearby, hovering uncertainly on the other side of the coffee table until John raised his eyebrows and then nodded at the empty cushion on the far end of the sofa. "You can join me if you like."
"When?"
It was from one of their regular blog commenters, complete with the usual misspellings and errors.
John set Rosie down and she ran through the living room towards the kitchen; she hadn't been here since the summertime, but she remembered where Mummy kept all the sweets. A few moments later, Mummy herself appeared, carrying Rosie in her arms. "Sherlock! John! Happy Christmas Eve! Mycroft, did you even say hello to your brother and his...friend?"
"So you just...sat on your arse and pulled yourself up the stairs?"
"What did you need my help with? John, did Moriarty hurt you?"
"Not really. I'm sore and a little headachey, that's it. We just thought you could help us get out of the hospital without Mycroft finding out, but Sherlock, er, found a car he could borrow instead."
“Of course he hasn’t. Why would he?” Sherlock leaned back against the cushions, then hooked a foot around the coffee table to draw it closer so he could put his legs up on it.
"I wouldn't—I didn't—I wouldn't...." John's voice was strangled; he took a deep breath before continuing. "No. No, I have not impregnated Mary. Or anyone else, to the best of my knowledge, and if I did, it was long before I met you."
Sherlock reached a thicker batch of mud and stopped. Normally he didn't mind if he got dirty, but he liked the shoes he was wearing and he didn't fancy walking back into the flat to face Mycroft and Anthea while covered in mud. "Stone, come on! Come here, boy!"
Sherlock gasped for breath as he slowed, only steps away from them, but there was no need to intervene. He walked the remaining distance to the three dogs and bent down to try to pull Stone apart from the others. One of the huskies stopped bothering Stone long enough to try to mount Sherlock's leg in greeting. Sherlock pushed him away, but before he could pull Stone from the tangle of dogs, he heard voices shouting, and two children came running across the muddy field.
"She can't change, Sherlock." Mycroft's voice was low and firm. "You know this. She is a psychopath. She is clinically unable to change."
"No hotels. It's too hard to control security in a public location."
"Right. So...."
He reached Barts well before two hours had passed. There was no sign of Moriarty at the main entrance.
"Fine. I'll tell him." He turned and looked up at Mycroft. "Yesterday, Eurus showed up here nine months pregnant, and now you and Sherlock are uncles. Congratulations."
"Promise?"
John shivered at the chill of the liquid, then pushed back against Sherlock's forefinger as he spread the lube down between John's cheeks. "Please," John gasped.
John lowered the journal he'd been reading, his whole body suddenly gone cold with trepidation. "Do you have another sibling that I don't know about, Sherlock?"
"Exactly. It's Saturday, which means she drove to work and we can borrow her car." He picked up his coat and emptied the pockets of John's gun and holster and his phone that had been retrieved from the side of the road. "Here you go. Keep the phone powered off so Mycroft can't track us. Now hurry up and get dressed, and then meet me in the morgue."
"None of your business, Mycroft." Sherlock stood up. "Thank you for the update on Eve's parentage. I trust you'll be providing me with a birth certificate soon?"
No one greeted him as he stepped through the door, and when he looked to his right, he saw why. Sherlock was stretched out on his back on the sofa, eyes closed, with Rosie lying on her stomach on top of him. She'd slept that way when she was very small, but John hadn't seen her do it in at least a year, possibly not since she'd learned how to walk. But there was no doubt that she was asleep now; he could hear a delicate snore with each inhaled breath she took, a relic of the slight cold she'd recently overcome.
"No, don't worry about it. I don't want to sleep in your parents' bedroom, either."
"Oh, yes, yes. Of course. I mean, you're doing a fine job raising Rosie, she's very empathetic. Not that she has sociopathic genes. I mean, Mary and you...."
"Erm, no, thank you. I don't fancy the shaved head look." John combed his fingers through the same spot and then took Sherlock's hand and brought it to his lips for a kiss.
Mummy snatched the knife from her hand. "There will be no smoking of anything under my roof."
"Of course, of course." Sherlock turned and held his arm out, gesturing John in through the door.
"Not to me, no. I don't—" What more was he supposed to say? That he would forget what he’d seen Sherlock doing on the sofa? That would be a lie; the image of Sherlock with his cock in his hand had already etched itself into his permanent memory.
Sherlock did as he asked, and John set the baby down on the changing table attachment of the travel cot they'd placed next to the bed. When he tried to wrap the shirt around her, she began to squeal even louder than she had when she'd been on the scale. "Shh, it's all right, sweetie." It took him a few tries to find the correct positioning, but eventually he got the shirt to somewhat resemble a nappy and pinned it in place around her.
"That's not what Mrs. Hudson says." John frowned, then softened his tone. "That does look pretty swollen still. You want me to get you some ice?"
Sherlock let his half-peeled orange roll back onto the table and plucked Mycroft's phone from his hand so he could study the photo of Moriarty's cell more closely. He traced his fingernail over one of the scrawled iterations of his name. "Why would his obsession with me surface again now? He's been locked up for over five years."
"Molly wouldn't give me even a single body part to take home." He stepped back to let John get into the lift first, then followed him in, nudging Stone so they would all fit. "And I knew you were the reason she texted me this morning. Do you really think I need someone to supervise me when you're not around?"
He found a small spot of blood on his shirt, but nothing on his coat or suit. He’d certainly had more serious bloody noses, especially back in uni, when he’d lived off cocaine more than food. He tucked the stained shirt into his overnight bag, a problem for a future dry cleaner, and headed down the hall to the bathroom.
"Yes, that would be lovely," John called out, giving Sherlock the look that meant he had to be nice to all hospital workers.
"Not out here," John said, glancing at the two uniformed police officers stationed at the perimeter of the scene. "Inside."
"She has changed! You saw her!"
John sighed and put the palm of his hand to his forehead. "Sherlock, come on. Don't do this. We work together. We're friendly co-workers. That's it."
"Grammy, it's too dark!" Rosie said.
Sherlock considered. He had no particular connection to Mary, though the thought of thwarting Moriarty by helping one of his employees to safety did hold some appeal. He glanced over at John, who gave him a short nod. "Okay. I can help you, put you in touch with some of my contacts." He folded his hands beneath his chin. "Or my brother. He could create an entirely new and technically legal identity for your boyfriend."
"Right." John gave Stone a scratch on the head. "And if that doesn't work—" He flicked open his coat to reveal his gun nestled against his ribs in its holster, which had been completely hidden with the coat closed.
"John. I thought I heard your voice earlier. Were you here this afternoon?"
"Nothing! Well, nothing harmful, at least. And then I got out of town as soon as I could."
"I know you didn't really mean it."
He cursed as he tried to manoeuvre with Stone around an elderly man who was staring in the direction of the smoke that was now billowing into the air.
"Fine. Then I will reprimand you from here."
"Oh, he must be stressed and tense from his job, right?"
Sherlock shook his head. "She deserves a chance to try to have a life outside of prison."
"Sorry." John lifted his head just enough to drag his face across Sherlock's cheek several times until Sherlock caught his head between his hands to stop him. John kissed him and then pulled away to speak. "You could get a little stubbly sometimes if you wanted to."
Rosie came over to give Molly a hug goodbye, and Mrs. Holmes sat down on the sofa again, apparently settling in to watch and offer advice as Sherlock attempted to assemble the glider and its footstool.
"Turn on your side," Sherlock said, his voice rumbling even deeper than it normally did, and John obeyed, moaning as he moved. Sherlock took hold of both their cocks, his hand large enough that he could easily do the job. "You like it slow but firm, right?"
"Is that the trial application?" Sherlock looked down at his shoe as he tied it, although he didn't expect John to be reluctant to talk about it with him.
John sipped at his drink and stirred the bath water around a bit with his free hand. "You give excellent baths, I must say."
"Good disguise," Sherlock said, as he slid back into the driver's seat.
No. He needed to tell him; he knew John would want to know.
The case had been extraordinarily simple, and Sherlock couldn't believe he had wasted his time letting this woman bore him with the details of her petty family feud. He wondered if there were some way to salvage the twenty minutes of his life he had just squandered.
"Yeah, okay. You don't need to do that now. You never needed to do that."
"Why would you do that?"
John unbuckled the straps instead of just slipping his arms out of it as he normally would, and slid it from his shoulders. He tilted his head slowly from side to side, breathing deeply. "Yeah, a massage could work." He handed the holster and gun to Sherlock. "Let me sit on the floor. I'm pretty much done with being in this chair for today."
When he heard the water for John's shower shut off, he got up and went into the bedroom. Stone was asleep on the bed, of course, so Sherlock coaxed him off and into the corner where his dog bed sat, then got ready for bed himself. By the time John was done in the bathroom, Sherlock was waiting for him in bed.
"I didn't say she's redeemed herself. But I won't see her punished any more, either. A sociopath can learn to live in society, John. It's not an excuse to lock someone up forever."
Sherlock flinched. "Sorry, I shouldn't have assumed—"
"Maybe. There are quite a few options you haven't tried yet. We should be able to find one that you can tolerate without too many side effects. And there are other avenues you could pursue, too."
"Don't be alone. Go down and talk to Sherlock. Tell him how you feel. He might surprise you."
"I am capable of entertaining myself, occasionally."
He dropped the keys and scrambled the phone from his pocket, pushing a disappointed Stone away. “John?” he answered.
John laughed and poked him in the ribs. "Okay, then tell me, Mr. Observes Everything, when exactly did I start letting it grow longer?"
John raised his eyebrows but nodded. Donovan handed him his phone back and started to say something about bringing in a forensic team to confirm that Moriarty had broken into the office, but Sherlock was out of the room before she could finish. Of course they would find evidence that Moriarty had been there. He wasn't trying to hide from them.
She shrugged and switched her gaze back to meet his eyes. "I didn't ask. It didn't seem relevant."
John breathed a small sigh of relief when she was gone. Mrs. Hudson was too vulnerable a target if Eurus decided she'd had enough of playing the innocent new mother.
"Go right ahead," Sherlock said, and moved the chew toy Stone had dropped on the bed so he could sit down to put on his socks and shoes.
Sherlock scowled and slid the paper back towards John. "Rescuing small children was your idea. I just photograph well."
"Bring them all," Sherlock said.
Sherlock listened to him phone in an order, expecting the lecture to begin as soon as he was done, but instead John made another phone call, this time to one of the other players on his basketball team. "Hey, Alex. I'm not going to be at practice tonight. Not sure if I'll be at the next game, either, but I'll let you know before then."
"Er, yeah. I mean, it's no problem. Of course I came." He waved a hand between the two of them. "I've told you before I would, if you ever needed me at a time like this." Except of course for those weeks after Mary had died, when he wouldn't have come even if Sherlock had called him for help.
He closed the drawer and emptied a tray of ice into the bag for John.
"A day and a half. And if the baby's not here by tomorrow, she'll have a C-section in the morning and that will also be fine. She's at the best hospital in London, with the best doctors and nurses, and by this time tomorrow we will have a grandchild, Sherlock."
He didn't let himself masturbate that night. He knew if he did, he'd think about Sherlock again, and that wasn't something he wanted to develop into a regular habit. Eventually Sherlock might deduce what he was doing, even though he had never seemed to be able to observe John's interest in him before.
Everyone else laughed at Lestrade's sorry joke and began to gather up their gifts. Sherlock stood up, hoping to make a quick escape.
Sherlock lingered for a moment longer, giving John time to get downstairs without him. When he finally judged it safe to follow, he couldn't stop himself from glancing into John's bedroom as he passed it by on his way to the staircase. They'd separated the space up here over a year ago, when Rosie had moved from a cot to a regular bed. At the time, Sherlock had entertained an elaborate fantasy of confessing that his feelings for John went far beyond friendship and suggesting that John did not need to continue to sleep alone upstairs. He could sense that fantasy trying to make a resurgence now, prompted of course by that brief, brilliant kiss, but he squashed it down. There was no sense in having a dream that couldn't come true.
John stepped into her flat. "Actually, we're going back to Baker Street tonight."
"Now you're starting to sound like Mycroft."
"Say it's your fault. It's not. Don't even think it. I chose my life with you. I will always choose our life together. I wouldn't trade it for anything."
"What? No. I mean, not that I know of, of course. I just mean—" Sherlock took a deep breath. "I know what your feelings are on the matter, but I've thought about it a lot, and I would like it if Eurus were somehow able to maintain a relationship with Rosie."
John swallowed. As much as his gut told him not to trust her, he didn't see any way to refuse. Eve was her child. "Sit up straight, if you can," he told her. "You'll need to make sure to support her head."
"Oh, dear. Did Greg chase him off, too?"
Sherlock grinned, glancing at John. "Well, he's a bit late for that, now. Or did you forget to mention to him that we're married?"
. (Or try something with
John raised both eyebrows at him. "I think we can make it be even more fun than it was back then. You'll need to be quieter than normal, though. Think you can manage that?"
It went well for about thirty seconds, long enough for John to put some formula into a clean bottle but not long enough for him to actually warm it up.
"Because it's your childhood crush. I like learning things about you from when you were young, especially if they don't involve murder."
"No, thanks," John said, then picked up the empty water glass he'd had at dinner and held it out to Sherlock. "You want to get me some more water, though?"
Sherlock's grin expanded. He didn't really think Moriarty was likely to try to cause any harm. If he'd wanted to hurt them he could have done so before they even learned he had escaped, instead of taking the time to send such a bizarre package.
"It's different. When I get into the barber's chair, I feel like I'm trapped. I can't reach my chair and get away quickly if I need to."
Sherlock escorted Mrs. Hudson upstairs and came back down with an armful of clean sheets and pillows for the sofa bed. John had already brought their bags to the room at the back of the house, and Stone had found the large window and was sitting with his nose pressed to the glass, watching squirrels, rabbits and birds frolic in the garden.
"Mm-hmm, mm-hmm." Rosie nodded rapidly and brought her finger to her own lips in imitation. "Quiet." She looked towards the kitchen and whispered, "Balloons."
Outside, Sherlock expected to find Mrs. Hudson and her new bodyguard sitting at one of the café tables enjoying this morning's break in the rain, but they weren't. He glanced in through the window of Speedy's and could see them both crowded behind the counter, Mrs. Hudson waving her hands dramatically at Mr. Chatterjee while the guard stood discreetly at her side. Sherlock silently wished the man luck and let Stone pull him towards the park.
Stone rushed out of the bedroom and ran past Sherlock, eager to greet whoever was at the door, even Mycroft. Sherlock heard the door open and close, and the tap of Mycroft's umbrella as he rested it against the wall. "Hello, Gladstone."
"I don't care." Sherlock turned his head against John's chest. No, he didn't want to be photographed in John's lap, but there were worse things that could happen. He could have been photographed carrying John's lifeless body out of their burning flat. He shivered at the thought and snuggled closer, until he felt the gun concealed beneath John's coat pressing against his ribs.
John continued to stare at him. He could think of a dozen more arguments, but Sherlock would have an answer to all of them, and he was exhausted. "All right. All right. We'll let her sleep for now, and figure it all out in the morning. But we have to talk about it then, and make some real decisions. We can't keep two people hidden in your bedroom forever."
"It's not the sort of thing I keep track of."
John's calm tone was infuriating; he wasn't dealing with one of his patients here. Sherlock gritted his teeth and tried to keep his voice even and low. "My grandmother had Alzheimer's."
"Okay, yes." John opened his mouth wide for a moment, then realised he couldn't mime sucking Sherlock off and continue talking at the same time. "There you go. I'm pulling you between my lips, running my tongue over the tip of your cock. Do you feel that?"
John wrinkled his nose, then crossed to the window, twitching one of the thin curtains back for a moment. "Everything we ever put out there dies." He straightened a pile of magazines that sat on the wide windowsill and set the pot on top of them. "I'll put it here, and it'll still get sun, like a little greenhouse."
"Calm down," John said, even as Mycroft told Sherlock the exact same thing.
"Yes, I, er, stopped by for a little while," John replied. Mrs. Hudson had been unaware of Sherlock's desperate phone call to him earlier today and even more unaware of what had happened after. "Sherlock hasn't—you haven't spoken to him or been upstairs lately, have you?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Hardly. Not my type."
"No!" Rosie shouted. "Don't like her! Stinky!"
Sherlock could see that the skin around his wrists was indeed reddened. "From the handcuffs?"
"You want me to go raid his medicine cabinet for some paracetamol, or see if he has anything stronger?"
John was not amused. He cornered Mycroft in the kitchen. "What the hell were you thinking?"
He tamped down the self-doubt and tried to draw on his mental armour as he opened the door that led to the roof. One more flight of stairs and he would see Moriarty.
"John, she's my sister! I'm not—how quickly can you get here? You'll have to drive. It will be quicker than getting a cab and I can't have Mycroft send a car. He can't know."
"You hate these shirts."
Sherlock nodded and then carefully passed the baby back to John.
He pushed himself upright, blinking in the dark. Why was it so dark? Next to him, Sherlock mumbled something incoherent and rolled over.
"Oh, so you do enjoy it when I touch you. I see."
, or here are my 3 other Johnlock longfics:
"My scrapbook."
"A private hospital would be a better option."
After meeting his stare for a few moments, Sherlock lowered his gaze and closed the notebook. "I don't know if I could ever catch up to her. But. If I discovered that she had committed a more serious crime than what I've found so far...."
"Nope, not my phone." John tucked it back into his pocket. "Go pick out some socks to wear because you're going to see Aunt Molly. Doesn't that sound like fun?"
It had been years, and Sherlock still hadn't figured out John's reasons. He wasn't inclined to ask, and he wasn't sure if John would be able to explain it to him, anyway. Maybe it didn't really matter. It was important to John, and so Sherlock would come and sit here with him and Rosie twice a year, even if he never managed to understand why.
By the time they were done eating, Eve had fallen asleep in the swing and Rosie had lost interest in both her and all the toys she'd spread across the room. John took her into the loo to give her a bath while Sherlock put Eve down to sleep in his bedroom.
Sherlock stared at her; he could hear John trying to suppress a giggle. He sighed. "I suppose it should be healed enough to walk by next month."
"Is he really okay?" Molly asked, when Sherlock joined her in the kitchen.
"No, because they'd probably throw the two of you in the same cell and God knows what would happen then."
A reply came only a few seconds later.
"Please tell me neither of you saw me on the telly," John said.
"Keep the mask on," John said, as Sherlock stood up and headed towards the kitchen.
"Well, I don't know about you, but I've gone off cabs for the moment. I'll find a car that belongs to someone who's checked in here long-term, return it in a few days and they'll never even know the difference."
John sighed. "Okay, I won't put it back in the box," he said. Maybe by the time he was ready to bring everything to Baker Street, tomorrow or the day after, she would have forgotten about it.
John did as he was told, hopping briefly on one foot while he took off each sock. "Do you want me to wear a mask?"
Sherlock lifted a hand to his chest and gave the chain a slight pull, making himself gasp and lean forward, which caused the bells to jingle.
"Yes!" Rosie set down her crayon to look up at him. "One for everyone in my class. Sherlock's doing the cutting parts for me."
John squinted at him. "Are you...jealous? Do you wish you were in her position? So you could spend all your time in your Mind Palace?"
"You like it?" She walked around the table to stand next to him, fiddling with one corner of the paper that was still curling. "I spent a long time on it. If I was really any good, I'd be able to draw a lot faster."
"Two." Sherlock dropped down onto the sofa next to him with a sigh. "He left them right in the drawer, where anyone could find them."
Mrs. Holmes sniffed and reached for her handbag and Mycroft shifted uncomfortably on the sofa, moving slightly closer to her. John felt a small pang of compassion for him—he thought Mycroft wanted to comfort his mother, and honestly had no idea how to go about doing it.
Sherlock stuck his lips out in a pout and John had to stop himself from stretching up to kiss the expression away. "Really," he said. "Crushes are normal. I certainly have had my fair share of them."
"Stop. Just stop it, all right? She is fine. She will be fine. Everything will be okay."
"Plenty of other options." John pushed the sheet down enough to fiddle with his own nipple ring; Sherlock didn't think he was even aware that he was doing it. "Probably best if we just masturbate, though. That's easiest to stop quickly if the door opens."
Sherlock's mouth fell open for a moment. "I do not snore."
John bit at his lip, thoughts roiling, before he said, simply, "You can."
Sherlock listened to him moving about the bedroom and then head down the hall to the kitchen. He was starting to drift back to sleep when his phone chimed with a text—he'd forgotten to mute it overnight. He squirmed an arm out from beneath the covers and pulled the phone off the charging station.
He looked up at John and saw that he was not mistaken, that John was giving him a homemade Valentine's Day card, and not simply as a gesture of friendship. It was a declaration of love.
Sherlock let his mind settle as his cock thickened. He kept his eyes open so he could watch John's fingers as they moved with practiced expertise. Sometimes John liked to tease and take things slowly, but now he moved quickly, taking Sherlock into his mouth again as soon as he was fully hard.
"Plus, you play the two of them against each other. Get up so I can make up the bed."
Sherlock grinned and then tipped his head down for a long kiss.
"Ah." Sherlock nodded and looked out at the view of the city. Some of the cloud cover from earlier had started to disperse. "We should probably get off this roof in case the police or hospital security show up before Mycroft's agents. Do you think you can make it back down?"
Sherlock shook his head. "That is definitely not advice you want to give me." He took Eve from John's hands and cradled her in one arm, lowering his head to murmur gentle words as he began to sway from side-to-side.
"Sorry, sorry." John turned around but didn't go back through the door. Instead, he repeated, "I thought you didn't do this sort of thing."
"Don't worry, I'll take care of it," John said. He couldn't even be properly resentful, because he knew that if Sherlock woke up all the way, he'd be awake for hours, while John himself could go back to sleep under just about any circumstances.
—though he did recall saying something very similar himself, the first time he'd seen John using the braces.
John shook his head, letting out a bark of laughter that sounded more annoyed than amused. "That was the second time I took him out. I was here in this flat with you for over six hours and you barely looked up from those fingers."
Sherlock came out of the bedroom a few minutes later with Eve, who was dressed in a pale cream-coloured romper covered in a tiny floral pattern.
"I'm trying to make you...." Sherlock paused, staring off to John's left for long enough that John glanced to see what he was looking at. There was nothing there but the screen for the fireplace.
"I didn't think you'd let me in."
"I don't think so." John glanced towards the road. "And anyway." He flicked his coat open enough to display his gun, then tucked it back away out of sight. His voice softened some. "Just let me go. Please. And don't follow. I'll come back. I promise."
"And you haven't killed anyone and bathed in their blood since then?" John pulled the gloves on, letting them snap against his wrists for effect.
"The baby is asleep in my bedroom, but Eurus is gone, Mummy."
"I'd love to have dinner with you but—"
"Hm, that is a tough choice. None of them seem to be a clear favorite, but you don't have to bring anyone if you don't want to. Molly was just giving you the option—"
He dropped the box with the foot bath in the corner of the room—he'd keep it upstairs, he supposed. For some reason Sherlock had seemed upset at the gift, although John didn't understand why. John himself hadn't been pleased with all the jokes the Yarders had made about foot massages, but Sherlock had never been bothered by that sort of insinuation in the past.
"They don't—they're not old." He frowned at the screen, which Rosie had paused. Yes, Captain Picard was bald, but Patrick Stewart had been John's age when this had been filmed in the late 80s.
"Me?" He turned his head on the pillow to speak. "What makes you think I'm tired?"
"Letting us?" Sherlock stood up, but before he could step around or over the coffee table, John's hand clamped down on his wrist. Sherlock curled his hand into a fist but didn't try to pull away.
"Oh, he would," Mary said, scooting her chair forward a few inches across the rug. "Definitely. He'd do it just to mess with you."
John shrugged without opening his eyes. "I don't know. I just don't like going to get it cut now."
John felt the left side of his face twitch. He did need the loo, but he could go while Sherlock stayed in the room with Eurus. But was that their plan—one of them would stay in the room with Eurus and the baby at all times until...until what? Until Mycroft came and took Eurus back to prison and Eve—what would he do with Eve?
"Didn't think about it until it was too late."
"Sorry, what?" Sherlock let go of his hand and sat up a bit, leaning on the pillow propped against the sofa back.
"Sherlock lives here and he makes lots of messes!"
John stepped out of the way, rocking Eve in his arms as Sherlock pulled open the medicine cabinet over the sink and began to paw through it. "Paracetamol, ibuprofen, a new toothbrush, laxatives...."
Maybe when they got home it would be time to dig their massage table out of the cupboard and put it to use again.
"I see that." Sherlock chuckled, the sound resonating through John's whole body. "Is Rosie in bed already?"
"Mycroft," Sherlock said, as Lestrade pushed past him so he could answer the door. "How could you betray us like this?"
"Erm, it was a danger afternoon. I think he's past it, now, but I don't want to leave him. Even though I think he's okay, I just don't want to leave him." He wasn't explaining himself well. "I don't want to treat him like he's an interruption in the rest of my life, something I just have to deal with and then abandon, you know? I want him to know I'm here for him." Now he sounded sentimental, but he thought Molly would understand.
I think this story could have easily been a much longer tale, but I knew I didn't want to cover months and months of time, or write another 100K fic. So instead I just crammed everything I could into 10 chapters. :) Luckily, John and Sherlock already knew they loved each other, so getting them together didn't have to take too long.
"Shut up. What else am I supposed to do? I still hate these damned things, but I ran through all my stretching exercises, and you were still off in your head thinking, so I decided I might as well do this. It's good for me." He rolled his eyes.
How would he be able to tell if Eurus was forcing Sherlock to say that? Sherlock was an excellent liar, but he would try to warn John off, wouldn't he? What would he say that Eurus wouldn't be able to pick up on? John lifted the phone from his ear and frowned at it. Sherlock sounded scared, yes, but also sincere. He sucked in a breath and let it out slowly before bringing the phone back to his ear. "I have Rosie, Sherlock. Her sitter's out of town for the weekend. I'm not bringing my daughter anywhere near your psychopath sister."
His nose bled again in the shower, but not for long. When he got out he shoved a rolled-up tissue into his nostril and by the time he was done with his hair, it had clotted sufficiently that he was able to blow lightly without it starting to bleed again.
She giggled again and allowed herself to be scooped up into his arms. "No ice owwie," she told him, and wiped her face twice across his scarf before settling her head against his shoulder.
She continued to cry, so he took one of the pillowcases Sherlock had got out earlier and swaddled her, tucking her arms in tight, just as he'd done so many times with Rosie. He lifted her to his shoulder, his body starting to move from side-to-side without him even thinking about it. The movement comforted her immediately. He swayed back and forth, holding her upright against his shoulder with both hands. He could see Eurus was paying attention again, and while he still couldn't imagine her functioning as a mother, he also felt compelled to demonstrate some of what he knew about taking care of a baby, without directly telling her what to do. "You like being held like this because it makes you feel safe, doesn't it, little sweetie?"
"No, I'm not." Rosie stood still at the edge of the rug, one hand cupped beneath her chin as she gnawed at the biscuit, a heart-shaped monstrosity covered in pink icing, though Valentine's Day was still a week away.
"John—"
"Oh, sweetheart." Molly had to keep herself from laughing. "Your dad is also a smart man, except when it comes to Sherlock, he's an idiot. He goes along with anything Sherlock suggests, and it's almost never a good idea. Okay? Don't listen to them. If you want dating advice, ask me, or Uncle Greg, or literally anyone else." Molly couldn't really believe she was suggesting that she was the most qualified person to advise her on dating, but given the choices Rosie had, it seemed to be true. The poor girl. Maybe next year when she went to uni she'd meet some people who were a little better at giving out advice that was actually useful in real life.
Sherlock shrugged. He wasn't sick at all yet, but saw no way to avoid exposure, given that he was caring for two people who were ill and had been kissing and hugging them both as well as sleeping in the same bed as John during the long incubation period before they'd known he was sick. "I'll try to hold off until you're feeling well enough to take care of me."
John didn't respond. He wasn't sure if Sherlock was apologising for having that particular bag of cocaine in the flat or for something for something else, something deeper, but he didn't have the time or energy to start a bigger conversation at the moment. "Right. So. When is your brother getting here?" At least he wouldn't have to tell Mycroft about the drugs, since Eurus had flushed them and he believed Sherlock when he said he hadn't been high since the Culverton Smith case.
Sherlock frowned and glanced up at the narrow ledge outside the windows of their flat, and the half-dozen empty pots that lined it. They'd never had much luck keeping anything green alive. "I can see that it's a tomato plant." His mother had grown a robust vegetable garden, and while he'd deleted some of the plant names, tomatoes were in the nightshade family, and thus their theoretical toxicity made it worthwhile for him to retain them. "Why do you have it?"
"Wait, John. Don't bring that upstairs." Sherlock stepped onto the landing outside his flat and gestured at the cardboard box in John's arms. "Just put it here, in the living room." He moved aside to allow John space to pass through the door.
Mycroft's nose wrinkled and he turned to John. "Another one of your spawn, I assume. Didn't you learn anything from the first accidental pregnancy?"
They both gave her a hug and kiss and said goodnight. She still felt cozy from their hugs when she closed her eyes and snuggled deep under her blankets.
"You can't help yourself, now. You start begging. You—"
"Because I don't want to leave you alone right now."
"Not one who's been caught."
"What?"
"Yes, it was...good to see you," Sherlock told her, which wasn't a lie, though he would have preferred to not be wearing the Santa hat.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stepped away from the bed, leaving John to finish tucking Rosie in for the night.
It didn't matter. The only important thing was that John was here and starting to recover from being drugged. Sherlock unlocked his wheels, subconsciously expecting to be told to get his hands off his chair, but all John did was lift his head and mumble.
"Mm-hmm," Mycroft murmured, and then twisted further in his seat to look at Sherlock. "You have been uncharacteristically silent, brother dear. Surely you have some inane objection to the plans we've been discussing?"
Sherlock gritted his teeth at his mobile screen, then caught his breath when a third photo appeared. "He's given us a clue."
"Masturbate? Why wouldn't I? It's pleasurable and relaxing."
Rosie was fine the first three times she fell off the tiny toddler slide as she attempted to climb up it the wrong way, but after the fourth time, she started to cry and Sherlock knew it was time to go home.
"Why?"
"It doesn't feel okay."
"Sherlock." John turned to him, biting his bottom lip, knowing how their conversation was about to proceed but determined to try anyway.
"No, no you really wouldn't." John dropped his pen and notepad and headed for the stairs before Sherlock and Mycroft could escalate their yelling match. Later he'd have to remind Sherlock that screaming out a window, which was rarely a good practice, was an even worse idea when there was a baby asleep in the flat.
"You might want to get underneath the covers. And, I don't know, brush your teeth or something." John flicked his fingers at one of Sherlock's bare feet and then gave his ankle a squeeze.
There was no answer from within the flat, but a moment later there was a clattering from above and Sherlock appeared, descending the staircase from John's old bedroom. John suspected he had just woken up, though he had thankfully taken the time to put his clothes and dressing gown back on.
"Thanks, love." John tipped his glass toward him before taking another swallow.
"Night, Sherlock." John frowned at the phone as he rang off. Sherlock had sounded a bit wistful at the end, there, as if he wanted to keep talking but thought John wanted to go.
Sherlock's whole body had gone cold. "You've known for nearly a year that I've been risking my memory and you didn't tell me about it?"
Rosie didn't start crying until he set her back on her feet, well away from the fallen tree, and then she burst into full-blown tears.
John laughed, shaking his head. "Yeah, I guess they can probably handle it. All right, give me a few minutes and we can go."
"Yes."
Sherlock gave him his answer. "Yes. John. I want to. I want to. Come here."
"But you transfer out of your chair all the time in restaurants."
Sherlock looked up. "Maybe. I haven't analysed the paper and box they were sent in. That might lead somewhere."
"Are you kidding me?" John waved the Allen key he'd been using on the casters towards Mycroft. "Are you actually going to check up on her? She's worked at the clinic almost as long as I have."
All the men with black outfits and guns were gone, and so was Aunt Eurus, and Rosie was alone in the flat with her dads again.
"Is there an antidote?"
"Am I?" There was a pause, then Sherlock's phone buzzed against the floor. He bent to retrieve it from where it had fallen beneath the desk. Moriarty had sent him another text, this one with a photo attached, blurred for a second until it downloaded all the way.
"No, really—" John glanced up at Sherlock and they had a rapid, unspoken conversation, then John's tongue darted out from between his lips. He nodded towards the staircase near the kitchen, which was less steep than the one down the hall. "I could probably—"
"They're fine." Sherlock shook out the hand that John had been squeezing, then reached down to try to take off the condom without spilling it. Though after what John had just done to the rug, he didn't know why he should bother to be careful. He pulled the gloves off, as well, tucking the used condom into one of them so he could throw the whole mess into the bin.
"No, what are you doing? John!" Sherlock lunged towards Mycroft and the phone, nearly falling out of bed when he got tangled in the sheets.
"Do your breasts hurt?" John asked. He made a motion with his hands at his chest, unsure of any details other than that Mary had been in pain when her milk came in, although it didn't happen until a day or two after Rosie was born.
"Well, you did just expend a great deal of energy."
"Nonsense," Sherlock said. "I've already cleaned the kitchen floor. A bit more vomit won't bother me. I'll start a load of laundry while you two finish up in here." He wrinkled his nose at John. "Take off your vest, too. You've got it all wet from the bathwater."
"Got your phone on you?" Sherlock asked.
He caught her hand in his, stilling it. "I'm not asleep. And we don't hit people, remember?" He let go of her hand and started walking towards home, doing his best to dismiss Janine and her nonsensical musings from his mind.
"It's nothing like that." He knew he'd overreacted to the risk of John playing ball, even though the other players were all younger and bigger than he was, but Moriarty was a legitimate threat. John had to understand that. "I know Moriarty calls it a game, but this isn't some friendly sporting event, John. He's killed people already."
"One of the nurses at work."
John narrowed his eyes. "What?"
"Just because they didn't study younger patients doesn't mean it wouldn't have the same effect." Sherlock stared at him, knowing John would have an answer to anything he said but also knowing that he himself was right. "You should have told me."
"Long as we don't get in his cab." John coughed a short laugh. "I'm an idiot."
John shook his head but pulled off his vest and put the t-shirt on instead.
"Need any help?"
Sherlock paused for a moment to stretch his fingers, dismayed to find them beginning to ache after only a few minutes of work.
He turned away from the mirror, feeling the smooth fabric of the shirt shift against his bare skin. He remembered Janine, prancing around in nothing but Sherlock's shirt when she'd thought she was dating him. John had assumed she'd worn the shirt as some sort of trophy, but maybe she'd just liked the way it felt. And the way it made her feel, having something of Sherlock's so close to her. Because John had plenty of nice shirts of his own, but wearing them felt nothing like this.
"No." Sherlock took another step closer, pulling Stone with him. "Don't be ridiculous."
Sherlock attempted to stand up, but Rosie whined when he tried to move her.
Sherlock blinked at him. "All the evidence is there."
"Hmm?" Sherlock turned from looking out the window and moved closer to him, making it easier for them to hold hands.
"Do you want to kiss me again?"
John wrinkled his brow. He didn't have anything in his med kit beyond paracetamol and ibuprofen, and didn't want to think about whether Sherlock might have anything stronger stashed away in the flat. Besides, anything she took orally would take too long to work anyway. "I know it hurts, Eurus, but you're doing a great job. I think you're going to have this baby before any medicine would even have time to kick in."
John followed him out into the living room, then had to fight off a sudden, ridiculous urge to lean over and kiss him goodbye before he left. Instead, he grabbed his coat from the chair by the door and hurried out of the flat.
"You're short of breath," Sherlock said. "Did you run to get here?"
"Okay." John pushed Sherlock onto his back and rolled to follow him, ending up halfway on top of him, their chests and shoulders pressed together with Sherlock still holding their cocks. John ground against him, making Sherlock gasp again. Without stretching, his mouth came to Sherlock's neck, so he took advantage, kissing and licking and sucking his way up to his chin, feeling Sherlock squirm beneath him with each touch of his lips and tongue.
Lestrade was visibly disappointed to hear that it held no secure information and certainly wasn't hiding a secret connection to Moriarty. "Well, we've got our people scouring the neighbourhood. Maybe they'll find him holed up there still."
"It's because I appreciate that you don't try to dump as much water out of the tub and onto me as Rosie usually does."
"But she saw me at Christmas. We ate gingerbread men together."
"Mrs. Hudson is watching her—don't say anything to either of them."
"Sorry. You—" Sherlock held the envelope out to him. It was very thin, which seemed like an ominous sign.
Sherlock watched until the lift doors closed behind them, then turned to Mycroft and Anthea. "Okay, who else needs to leave my flat now?"
"Well, I know some of what she was up to, at least." He jogged up the stairs ahead of Mycroft.
"I've tracked her back to December so far. Found police reports for three petty thefts I'm pretty sure she was involved in. All crimes of convenience—she could definitely have afforded what she stole. Also, one hacked medical database. I think she was checking the results of her own pre-natal testing, rather than returning to the doctor or setting up an online account for herself. Nothing more serious than that, at least not that I've found so far."
"We're trying to sneak out of hospital, John." Mycroft had stationed a guard at Barts two days ago, but he'd fallen for Sherlock's false alarm and was upstairs chasing a phantom with the others. They still needed to be careful, though. "We can't go showing our faces to everyone who works here. People know who we are."
"Rosie!" John called after her, knowing that Eve was going to wake up but unable to ignore his upset child. "Erm, excuse me, I need to—" He turned on his heel and jogged out of the room, leaving the others clustered around Eve's cot.
"I bet your Uncle Mycroft could get that deleted for you. I've heard of him doing things like that before."
John slid his hand up, over Sherlock's, as Sherlock's cock continued to twitch and spurt. He couldn't—oh. He put his hand on the mattress to support himself and lowered his head so his forehead rested against Sherlock's mouth as his own climax overtook him.
"Probably not." Sherlock darted across the room to hit the button for the lift while John apologised to Stone for not taking him out for a walk. Sherlock nudged the dog out of the way so they could get into the lift without him, silently cursing the loss of time compared to taking the stairs.
John rolled his chair forward a little so he could turn and look up at him. "Remember when we went to the piercer's, and after I was done, I panicked because I thought your mum might see this?" He flicked at the ring in his nipple.
"Okay," John said.
In the corner of the room, Stone rose from his dog bed with a clatter of his tags and wandered sleepily over to sniffle at Mycroft's trouser leg. Mycroft pushed him away with the toe of his shoe.
Mycroft's eyes narrowed. "I've never been an addict. Never killed anyone in cold blood. Never—"
Mycroft disappeared down the hall and Sherlock lay back in bed for a moment, thinking about how disappointing it was that he couldn't even let himself be amused by the video of Mycroft singing, given the circumstances under which it had been filmed.
"Erm, most of them are in one of the cupboards upstairs."
Sherlock stood up and stepped around the table with the intention of planting a kiss on John's head, but John reached up and stopped him before his lips made contact. "Don't mess up my hair. I don't have time to fix it again before I need to leave."
“I can’t let him go. I told you—weren’t you listening? He’s passed out in the back of the cab. Funny how fast that gas works. I just closed the window between us, turned the little valve, and boom—he was out before he even knew what was happening.”
John turned back to Sherlock and frowned. "Yeah, but you weren't really going to kill yourself. You were just trying to get her to stop playing games."
"Did you snoop through my bedroom Friday when I was at work?"
The climb seemed to take ten times as long as it normally would. He should have taken the lift, though it didn't go all the way to the roof. Something seized in his chest as he thought of what he would do if John were here with him.
John thought he believed him, but it didn't matter. Eurus was gone. "Okay, well. She can't have got very far. You could tell from how she was walking that she's still in a fair amount of pain. So let's—" He paused at Sherlock's sharp intake of breath. "What's wrong?"
"So?"
She glanced over at John. "And thank you for that. For helping her. I know Sherlock must have been very frightened on his own. He was always squeamish as a child."
"She doesn't look yellow to me."
"No. At least, I don't think so. I don't know." She was postpartum and had just abandoned her newborn daughter. Who knew what she was thinking? He could see Sherlock and Mycroft having the same thoughts as he was.
"I did. I submitted it online. This is just a copy I printed for myself."
The baby monitor on the desk crackled to life, and a small cry came through the speaker, too quiet for John to hear it coming directly from the bedroom. Eve didn't sound fully awake, but Sherlock nudged Rosie off his lap and stood. At first, John thought he just wanted an excuse to escape his parents and brother, but a few minutes later, when Sherlock returned from the bedroom carrying Eve, John realised he actually wanted the chance to show her off again.
After a brief explanation of the situation, Sherlock led the officers into the house. When he came back outside, two paramedics had taken over from John and were in the process of loading the girl into the back of an ambulance. He was too far away to see if she had opened her eyes.
"Of course she can handle it. And don't think of them as dates—think of them as people auditioning for a date. It'll be fun."
"He can't—Mycroft can't know about Eve."
Sometimes Sherlock thought he should start drinking more.
"Well, it would be over by now anyway, but I skipped it." John wiped a bit of oily residue onto a piece of kitchen roll and reached out to pull his wheelchair closer so he could reattach the small wheels. "I got enough of a workout in the game last night."
Moriarty said he had left them by the door, and he had, on a desk that had doubtless once belonged to the accounting firm's receptionist. Sherlock ran to get them.
Eurus. Before he could second-guess himself, he opened his contacts list and hit Mycroft's name.
Sherlock smiled and wiped at his eyes one more time, recalling how just a few short years ago Rosie had been unable to say most of his name. Sh'wock, indeed. He sat up slowly, dropping his feet to the ground, and stood, expecting the floor to roll and his stomach to churn. Nothing happened. He felt fine. What was in that wine? How could he possibly have recovered so quickly? He shook his head, which wasn't spinning at all, and crossed the room towards the Christmas tree, wondering what else could have made him so emotional tonight.
John wadded the blood pressure cuff and stethoscope together in his hands and stuffed them into his med kit. He didn't know how she'd been able to deduce what he thought were his well-hidden feelings for Sherlock—how could a true sociopath read other people so well? He'd had many years to grow accustomed to the fact that he and Sherlock could be good friends and nothing more, and most of the time it was something he could live with. But in the space of a day, while she should have been highly distracted, Eurus had managed to figure out that the best way to hurt him would be to insinuate that Sherlock also wanted more. Well, he wasn't going to stick around and let her taunt him like that. Sherlock had asked for his help and he'd given it. He was done here. He snapped his kit shut and picked it up, turning on his heel to leave the room. As soon as he was out of this flat, he was going to call Mycroft and tell him what was going on. Sherlock might be angry for a little while, but he'd forgive him eventually. Probably. He always had before, at least, and he'd have to understand why they couldn't keep this a secret.
John stood across the room from them, stroking Eve's back with his free hand and watching Mycroft's face for any clue as to what he was hearing.
"Yeah, but you know what it is already."
He had known John for the better part of fifteen years. They'd been together since Rosie was a toddler, and now she had almost reached double digits. In that time, Sherlock had learned a great deal about John. He knew and mostly concurred with his parenting philosophy, he respected his expertise in medicine as well several scientific disciplines in which Sherlock's own knowledge was lacking, and he trusted that John loved both him and Rosie unconditionally and without hesitation. But he did not understand why John believed in God.
"Oh, that's good. And of course, I'd be happy to look after Stone. He was a doll while we were staying with your parents." Mrs. Hudson continued to prattle on for a while until John finally managed to steer her back to the lift, promising that they would come down to her flat for dinner.
John laughed and ran his hand down Sherlock's thigh to his knee. "Do you want to head back into the bedroom and test out the new mattress now?"
"It's okay." Sherlock dropped his arms from around John's shoulders and sat back on his heels. "I understand. I was scared, too. Not of Eurus—I've been expecting her to show up here since she escaped—but of helping her deliver the baby. Of what I would do if you refused to come when I called."
"No." Sherlock returned his stare. "I will not help you put Eurus back behind bars. When I found her in her old bedroom at Musgrave Hall, I told her I would bring her home. And I wasn't able to do that, not for very long, anyway, but I can help her stay free."
"Well, it feels like midnight," he said.
"A game?"
"No." Sherlock looked around the room. Climbing out the window was definitely out, but he would find some other way.
The police arrived moments later, two panda cars full of earnest young officers who closed the street and did their best to move everyone out of the way. Sherlock considered refusing to move—the building still didn't appear to be on fire, and the smoke coming from it had lessened—but John had other ideas. "Get up, come on. Unless you want photos in the papers of me carrying you down the street."
"Yes, he was here on Sunday," Mrs. Holmes told him. "But he left before I got here. I think he was trying to avoid me."
John was fairly certain that Molly was asking if he was sleeping with Sherlock, but that wasn't a question he was going to answer. "We're going to be moving in with him. Not immediately, but soon, I think."
John glanced up the steps that led to his and Rosie's rooms, wondering if he dared slip upstairs alone. He could take the time to change into more comfortable clothes and enjoy a few minutes of peace before he opened the door down here. He loved Rosie, and he loved Sherlock, each in their own way, but they could both also be exhausting, and at this hour of the evening, after being together all day, it was likely that one or both of them was either cranky or overexcited, and John didn't think he had the energy to deal with that right now.
"I'll tell him most everything."
John lowered his chin and raised his eyebrows. He'd expected to have this argument this morning; he just hadn't thought Mrs. Hudson would be the one to start it for him.
“He probably just used their loo. He drank a lot of tea this morning.”
"Is that how that works?"
"No, no, Sherlock's fine. He's good. Very good, actually." Oh, God. He needed to tell her, but he wasn't sure how she would react. She seemed to have recovered after the forced declaration of love at Sherrinford, but that might have been because she thought Sherlock wasn't interested in anyone romantically. "Erm, Molly."
John lowered his eyes. He had said that, often, mostly as a defence mechanism when people assumed he and Sherlock were a couple. But he'd never said the rest of it out loud. "I'm bisexual."
"Fine." Sherlock curled his lip but acknowledged that John's idea was sound. He turned to Mycroft. "I will email a copy of the fingerprints to you. Now leave."
Though how had got his wheelchair downstairs on his own?
"Who?" John had started to throw an overnight bag together for Rosie and between that and keeping an eye on her to see what she was adding to the bag it was a little difficult to follow the conversation with Molly.
John dropped his hand to his side but didn't let himself make a fist. "Okay, first of all, you know where the screwdriver is so you can get it yourself, Sherlock. And second, I will bet you money that the only thing you need to assemble that chair is an Allen key that you would find if you bothered to unpack all the little bags of hardware."
The specificity of her statement surprised him.
Thirteen steps up and he was at the top. He took a moment to slow his breathing before he shoved open the thin wooden door at the top of the stairs, letting it bang against the ventilation system housing that sat next to it. He stood in the doorway, letting his eyes adjust to the morning light, knowing that Moriarty was only a few metres away from him, closer than he had ever been before.
John took a step back towards the bedroom. Sherlock could handle scrambled eggs, and while they definitely needed to have a private conversation, it didn't need to be right now. He didn't want to leave Eurus and the baby alone for too long.
John snorted. "She's not speaking any louder than you were snoring a few minutes ago."
"Yes, of course. And I sanitised one of the scales I have in the kitchen, so we can weigh the baby. It goes up to eleven pounds—that should be enough, right?"
Sherlock woke to find that at some point in the night, he had become the little spoon. John was pressed up tight against his back, one arm slung over his chest. Sherlock closed his eyes again and let himself sink back towards sleep, basking in the sensation of John's body against his. It had been a warm spring night and they both wore only thin t-shirts, which meant Sherlock could feel the firm muscles of John's arms and chest and, if he shifted a bit, the small, hard bite of the ring that bisected his left nipple.
"What? Sherlock, no! That's not what she said! Why would you even think—"
"Yes."
"Well, of course she is, Sherlock," Mrs. Holmes said, as she entered the flat. "I wouldn't expect you or your brother to phone me, useless men that you are. But Mrs. Hudson knew I would want to know I have a grandchild. She may not have children of her own, but she understands a mother's instinct."
"Naomi is Nicholas's oldest daughter, Sherlock," Mummy said. "You know that—don't act like you don't."
John chuckled. "No, he said 'relieve himself'." He tugged at the lead and Stone stood up, then trotted towards the door, out of Sherlock's sight. "No, don't eat those boots," John said, and pulled at the lead again until Stone came back to his side.
"Mm." He could have, but he didn't care to. He held up his hand for a cab, then climbed in after John.
"If it were up to me, I'd send you away immediately, but for some reason John requested that I escort you inside." He stood still for another long moment, just in case he was able to frighten her off, then sighed and turned towards the door to 221, gesturing at her to proceed.
"Nope. I kissed him goodbye and he went to work and then a little while later I came here."
"No, I like it. You can—pull it? Pull it."
Mycroft answered on the second ring. "You have to work tomorrow, Dr. Watson. Shouldn't you be asleep by now?"
"Yeah, that is a good question." John felt the tension he'd been carrying all day return to his shoulders. "Maybe—"
"Pwize?" Rosie asked, popping up from where she was sitting, her favourite bear dangling from one hand.
"Feeling better now?"
Mrs. Hudson glanced at John and then turned back to Eurus. Rather than cowering in front of her, which John would have done in her place, Mrs. Hudson puffed herself up and spoke as if Eurus wasn't even in the room. "And now that she's had the baby, she'll be going back to prison. Right, Sherlock?"
Instead, John was at the door to greet them, once more in his chair, no leg braces or crutches in sight. "Hi, Mary, come on in. Sorry about the way I'm dressed—wasn't expecting company." He tugged at the tight t-shirt that Sherlock had admired earlier, then ran his hand through his hair and smiled. A real smile, unlike Mary's.
John had been grinning since he'd left Sherlock's bed, but now he could feel his smile tightening as he tried to force it to stay on his face. "So, um. There's, uh, something you should know. That happened. Today."
Sherlock blinked at him, then nodded. John's arms slipped around his waist, and he tipped his head up. Sherlock lowered his until their lips met and they shared a kiss, bodies touching, mouths ever-so-slightly open. Sherlock closed his eyes and let the kiss carry him away for a few seconds. When it was over, he was relieved to find that he had, in fact, survived kissing and being kissed by John in front of his parents.
"Yep. Getting it right now."
He took the book bag from the table and crouched down to Rosie's level. "Come on, let's pack up all your things so we can go home and see Daddy. Did you have a good day at school?"
"No, agreed on that point. We—I mean, there are certainly other things we can play at, though."
"Of course." The tension that had been building in Sherlock's chest let go.
"A woman?" Mycroft raised his eyebrows. "How oddly specific."
"I'm not going back to prison," Eurus said, and kissed the top of Eve's head. "By the way. In case that was unclear in either of your minds."
"Sorry." Sherlock grinned and started to unfasten his trousers, but John batted his hand out of the way.
"No, it's nearly June. Come here."
He shifted slightly so he could reach John's shoulder with his mouth—he would have gone for his nipple but he didn't want John's hand to lose contact with his cock—and clamped down with his teeth on the thick muscle that ran from his neck. John gasped into Sherlock's hair and his hand faltered for a minute, then resumed. "Yes, yes," he hissed. "Come on, Sherlock. No talking, just bite me, oh. Hard, yes. Sherlock, please please please...." John's entreaties trailed off into a low whine, and Sherlock pumped his hips in time with John's hand on his cock. John flicked his thumb over the tip with every upstroke, and Sherlock knew he was going to come soon. He eased off on John's shoulder briefly, gasping for breath, then bit down again, a small, hard nip that made John whimper.
"I don't know. But it is. Not just for you. It feels that way to me, too, sometimes. To all parents. But not all the time. And it will get easier, I promise."
"Yeah. I know she wasn't an angel in real-life." Rosie bit at her lip. Dad and Sherlock had told her some stuff about Mum, and Mrs. Hudson had told her even more. "But I've still always thought of her as, you know...sort of watching over me." It sounded dumb, when she said it out loud like that.
John moaned, even though Sherlock was the one who slowly settled himself down until he was sitting, knees bent, arse resting on his feet, dildo inside him as far as it was designed to go. "How is it?" John asked, his voice sounding low and hoarse to his own ears.
Mycroft’s lips twitched down once before he turned away to fetch his laptop from the kitchen.
John lifted the carrier bag. "There's extra, if you want to join us," he told her. She certainly fed them often enough; he could at least return the favour.
posted this weekend. Then we'll be back to the friends-to-lovers drama of this ficlet series!
"I'll get you some ibuprofen," Sherlock said, stepping so he stood in between John and Eurus.
She nodded. "That's good. I'm really happy for you, and for Sherlock, for both of you. I know.... I know you'll be happy together. And it will be good for both of you."
After a few seconds, Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at John. "Okay, here goes," he said, and covered the tree in a thick coating of lubricant.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but didn't reply.
The floor seemed to tilt beneath his feet as John realised he hadn't imagined the longing he thought he'd seen earlier. "You—want me? You—" He put a hand on the doorframe to keep himself upright. "Can I come in and sit down?"
"Oh, I noticed." He followed John into the building. "Trust me, I've had my people looking for her every minute of that time. We did focus on Sherlock, in the beginning, since he had made a connection with her during their violin sessions and I thought she might try to make contact, but as time went by, it seemed she must have left the country. If she's been in London all this time, she did a very good job of hiding whatever she was up to, because we found no trace of her at all."
"Anyway," Sherlock continued. "You should probably go pick up Rosie soon, shouldn't you?"
"Oh, she is. She didn't think she'd make it back in time from her sister's place, so she arranged to have a police escort."
He was right: the entire first floor reeked of illness. The door to the loo was open, and a woman about his own age was sprawled on the floor amid a mess of vomit. Her hair was a different colour than that of the woman in Moriarty's photo, but he was sure it was the same person. Based on the discoloration of her face where it touched the tile floor, she had clearly been dead for at least a couple of hours. He went on to the next room, a small bedroom with a large bed, upon which a middle-aged man lay on his side, arms curled loosely around a boy smaller than the girl downstairs.
I wrote a short, fluffy quarantine massage fic if you're looking for something sweet to read!
John shook his head, though he made no attempt to chase Stone off the bed, but rather turned his attention to tidying up the nightstand, where he'd left the papers he'd snatched away from Mrs. Hudson yesterday.
"See baby sister now!" Rosie darted past John and banged open the door to the flat, disappearing inside.
Rosie nodded, then realized something. "This is too big of a gift to give me. It must have cost a lot."
"Oh, come on," Moriarty said. "Aren't you enjoying this? Playing our little game, never knowing where I'll strike next, or what I'll do? It's fun!"
"I can't."
"Yeah, just—" John shook out his arms. "Little sore from earlier."
John caught the shirt Sherlock tossed him and held it up. "Since when does Greg run 5Ks?"
so I may be distracted by writing a couple more of those. (
"Yes. I am. If nothing else, it will provide a record for when the two of you beat each other to death."
He didn't realise how late it was until John appeared next to him, freshly showered and ready for bed.
"Oh, come on, Sherlock. Don't google him."
"I...I don't know," Sherlock said. More precisely, he hadn't thought about Moriarty's motives up until now, because he'd been too focussed on finding John and making sure he was all right. But in retrospect, it seemed obvious.
“This veal is exquisite,” Sherlock said, and held a forkful out for John to try.
Well enough to let her interrupt an intimate moment that John had been eager for only minutes earlier.  That was…well, John was less interested in sex now than he had been before he was injured. But he had seemed enthusiastic enough today, until the text from Mary.
"God, Sherlock, just give them to her already." He emptied his cup and tossed it into the bin next to Donovan's desk. "Stop carrying them around in your pocket like they're some precious gift."
He'd had a silencer on the gun he'd used to kill Christopher. The wife, Amy, hadn't heard the shot, but had been surprised as she walked into the kitchen. Moriarty had killed Christopher first, then Amy, but cut off her fingers first, without the precaution of the chopping board. The blood from her hand had made a pool on the hardwood floor—the next residents of this flat would need to refinish or replace the floor. There were fingerprints everywhere, clearly left in the blood. Moriarty wasn't trying to cover his tracks at all. He wanted the police—and Sherlock—to know it was him.
"John." Sherlock greeted him again, and John knew that he himself was currently wearing the same goofy grin that Sherlock displayed.
"Why would she eat him?" Sherlock asked. "She's not a praying mantis."
Rosie sighed and then nodded. "But I don't just want the one who you think is cutest, Sherlock."
"Oh, her sister! Are you going to have her call her that now, John?"
"Aunt Mowwy!" Rosie shouted and ran out of the bedroom. Molly didn't watch her regularly now that John had found a reliable sitter whose availability meshed with his work schedule, which meant that getting to visit her was a special treat in Rosie's mind.
"Everyone in this room is a murderer."
John hesitated, then shook his head. He'd promised Sherlock he'd help him keep Mycroft from taking Eve, but he hadn't agreed to protect Eurus, as well. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I don't think Eurus should be free. I know you think she's changed—"
Mycroft glanced at his watch, then turned to Sherlock, who was doing his best to act indifferent while listening intently. “What was the exact time that he left the property?”
Moriarty kept talking. “I hope you’ve forgiven each other, Sherlock. It’d be no fun torturing Johnny if you hadn’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hadn't let himself hope for this level of unquestioning compliance. Apparently two days of not touching had had an effect on John, as well. Sherlock took a long breath to steady himself—it wouldn't do to ruin the illusion of his control by moving too quickly. He dropped the condom back into his pocket and undid the belt of his dressing gown; he was wearing nothing but a pair of silk boxers beneath it, and they were already starting to feel a bit tight. He put the gloves on slowly and carefully, making sure to snap the wrists so John could hear what he was doing.
"Why on earth would you do that?"
The news segment was only two minutes long, but that gave Moriarty plenty of the screen time he had been craving, and featured the first thirty seconds of his broadcast with John.
"But you haven't?"
"Yes. Obviously." He shifted Rosie onto his hip, not trying to force her to interact with Janine if she didn't want to.
Moriarty finished with the buttons, letting John’s shirt hang open over his vest. He ran his hand up John’s chest, fingers passing over the nipple ring. When he reached the top of his vest, he ran a finger along the neckline. John’s shoulders twitched once and Moriarty pulled his hand back. “Is he waking up? No, but my hands must be cold. Do you think he likes my cold hands, Sherlock? I bet he does.”
"How do I—"
"No," she moaned, lifting her head from her knees to look at him. "My tummy still hurts," she said.
"Are you nervous, really?" Sherlock gave him a steady stare, and John took a moment to take stock of himself.
"It's okay. It's really not bleeding." Sherlock dabbed at his nose, happy to see that he was telling the truth.
The bedroom had borne the brunt of the damage; a strong breeze blew through the broken window, but it wasn't enough to disperse all the smoke that still hung grey in the air. Even without the room's lights on, it was clear at a glance where the drone had landed before the grenade had gone off: there was now a ragged hole in the centre of the wool blanket atop their bed, and the sheets beneath it were stained black with soot.
"What do you need it for now? Got a new workout video you need to watch?"
"Yes, you do. Unzip yourself now."
Apparently he had shouted too loudly, because Mummy and Mrs. Hudson came out of the kitchen, and even Daddy came back downstairs to see what was wrong.
When his tea was ready, he carried it out into the living room and collapsed into his chair with a groan of relief. Rosie was still working on wrapping something, though her back was to him so he couldn't see what it was. Sherlock began to pick up the stack of colorful boxes and arrange them beneath the tree.
"Well, now's your chance." John raised his shoulder and tipped his head to kiss Sherlock's hand, and they moved together out of the small bathroom. A glance at each other as they passed the door to the master bedroom and they both shook their heads.
"Oh, who knows? Probably bringing his laundry home for Mummy to wash."
"I'll take the rest of those, Mrs. Hudson," John said. "I'll put them away so he can't eat them all at once."
He took a deep breath and headed back into the bedroom. The new window that had been installed in the wake of Moriarty's smoke bomb opened smoothly, and the screen was easy enough to pop free. Another deep breath and he stepped out through the window and onto the metal fire escape. He knew it was solid and well-maintained, and yet still imagined he felt it wobble beneath his feet. Rather than kicking the ladder to release it, he bent to lower it carefully to the ground. He'd never been hesitant to climb anything in his life, but now he stepped one foot at a time onto each rung, testing its strength before letting it hold his full weight. When he finally reached the bottom, he had to pause for a moment to wait for his heartrate to slow to something approaching normal.
John raced to Baker Street, grateful it was early enough in the afternoon that traffic wasn't as heavy as it would be in a few hours. He knew he was driving too fast, but didn't care in the least. If he got stopped for speeding, he would follow Mrs. Hudson's lead and phone Mycroft to deal with the fallout. But no one stopped him and he didn't call Mycroft, because there was no need for him to know what was happening. Sherlock wasn't actually high yet—he had done the responsible thing and called for help when he'd been tempted. First time he'd ever done that, and John wasn't about to let him down.
"Because." Sherlock planted his feet and wrenched himself free of John's hands. He stepped back, shaking his head, pulling Stone's lead in so he didn't trip over it again. "I have never hit you, and I never would." He locked eyes with John, trying to make him understand that this wasn't something that had changed since he'd been hurt last year.
When they got to the bedroom, Sherlock set the monitor on the chest of drawers next to the window, bent to squint at the screen for a moment, then turned to face John. "Do you think Rosie will be okay up here by herself? Because we should keep Eve in my—our bedroom for a couple of months at least, until she's sleeping longer during the night, but after that, there should be plenty of space for her and Rosie to share this room, don't you think? We can divide it as they get older and want more privacy."
"I—" A number of replies streamed through his head, but there was only one that mattered. "I don't find most people attractive. Only you."
“Oh, dear,” Daddy said. “He sounds like he thinks he’s playing a game, doesn’t he?”
"Eurus's daughter, yes," Sherlock said.
"Maybe she just wanted her child to exist, even if she didn't raise her herself." Sherlock stood up from his chair, forcing John to step out of the way.
"No, I guess not. All right. Well, then—"
"Go 'way, Daddy!"
John dropped his hand back to the ground and cried out, unable to stop the sound any more than he was able to stop himself from coming, his whole body shuddering as his cock spasmed and spurted over Sherlock's fingers and the grey rubber floor of the prison cell they were in.
"You—" Sherlock darted his eyes between the two of them. "She's—"
"And I haven't entered it." Mycroft tilted his head and spoke with a veneer of good manners. "Your presence is requested with the rest of the family in the kitchen."
Where Mycroft was, and Anthea, and Mrs. Hudson with her new friend the bodyguard. And John, maybe, if he'd got back already. Sherlock bent over and scooped Stone into his arms so he could move faster, then took off down the street, running towards the dark plume of smoke that was rising over Baker Street.
"Okay then."
He pushed the office door open wide, half-expecting some sort of booby trap, but nothing happened, which was good, because he would have charged through no matter what. He could see John on the far side of the room, slumped in his chair, his back to the door Sherlock had just come through. He stirred slightly as Sherlock ran towards him, and Sherlock nearly cried in relief.
"My apologies," said Mycroft. "But there will be cameras installed, as well as round-the-clock guards both inside and outside the building."
John paused on the pavement outside the door to Sherlock's flat. Eurus. Was she really here? In labour? He was nearly certain that this wasn't some elaborate joke Sherlock was playing, though now that he was here, he almost wished it were. The last time he'd seen her, Eurus had tried to drown him in a well. Why was he still so willing to run straight into danger just because Sherlock asked him to?
At bedtime, Grandad read her a story, even though she knew how to read now. When he finished, Gran came in and sat on the bed.
"I'll go to the barber's. When everything else has calmed down. You'll just have to put up with me looking like this for now."
Sherlock shrugged. It was hardly the crime of the century, but again, arguing with Fletcher was not worth his time. He'd promised Rosie he would bake gingerbread with her tonight, and if he left now, he'd have time to stop and pick up a few final gifts for her and John. Solving Fletcher's case would not be nearly as rewarding as seeing the looks on their faces when they opened their presents. He reached up to tie his scarf around his neck, stepped past a still-sputtering Fletcher, and headed home to Baker Street.
"Did your mother actually go out and buy Stone a new dog bed this morning after she found out we were coming here?" John asked, when Stone finally left his post at the window so he could curl up and go to sleep on a plush cushion in the corner of the room.
"Aunt Eurus," she breathed.
"Eurus. What were you going to do if I wasn't interesting enough when you finally got to meet me as an adult?" Sherlock held her gaze from across the room.
Sherlock scoffed, and heard an answering chuckle from Mycroft, as well. "Nice doesn't mean they're pleasant to be around."
"I what?"
John turned his head for another kiss, shoving his left hand into Sherlock's hair as he pulled him close. His fingers caught in the curls, a bit uncomfortably, but Sherlock wasn't about to say anything that might dampen the mood now. He shoved his tongue into John's mouth, filling it, and John's hands slid down his back, digging in just above his waist. After a few moments, John drew back from the kiss, turning his head to speak, "Please. Please."
"Feel free to do so," Mycroft said. "Though it's unlikely any of your co-workers would notice one of my people monitoring the office."
"I don't know. I'm more worried about John—if the power's out, he might be stuck up there." He turned away from her, taking one long stride to reach their front door.
"Her 'paramour'," John repeated. "Okay." He wheeled himself over to the mirror to check his hair. "Just didn't want you to sulk in bed all day because I'm going to work."
John watched some of the tension ease out of Sherlock's posture. "If she's made the effort to find clothes that fit, she wants to escape. She's not planning to kill herself."
"Oh, is that the story we're telling now? What happened to your and Sherlock's insistence that we’re all just one big happy family? Aunt Molly? Uncle Mycroft? Gram and Grandad? Why should we omit Aunt Eurus?"
"But you took my glasses!"
"Hello!" A cheerful young woman of perhaps twenty stood at the door, pushing a small metal cart. "I have Mr. Watson's lunch here for him, if he's feeling up to it."
"So you see, Rosie, ash is what's left over when something has completely finished burning. Whereas soot—" Sherlock paused as the flat's door opened behind him.
John blinked. "No, no, it's fine. I was just surprised to hear her say it." Considering that two days ago, Rosie had hidden her face every time Mrs. Holmes tried to speak to her.
The power must have cut out for the whole building.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and entered the room, which smelled nearly as bad as the loo. He put a hand on the man's shoulder and could tell with a touch that he'd been dead for more than an hour. He walked around the bed to check on the boy, a child thin enough that Sherlock suspected he would have looked sickly even under normal circumstances. He was warmer to the touch than his father, but just as dead. Sherlock could see the man's face now—he was a little older and plumper than he had been in Moriarty's photo, but it was definitely Keith Dreyer.
He found Rosie in the living room, pouting on the sofa with her legs pulled up to her chin and arms crossed over her knees.
As if on cue, they heard a squeal come from down the hall. John would have to remember to dig out Rosie's old baby monitor, unless Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Holmes came back from the shops with a new one.
"I'm going to see if I can grow some tomatoes. Come on, Stone, this way." John tugged at the lead and Stone turned away from the street and trotted back towards their flat. "They self-pollinate, so we should be able to get some, even with only one plant." He pointed to one of the branches. "See, it's got some little yellow flowers already."
"I'm sure. Mummy has your baby book. She kept it hidden all these years. From me."
John lightly brushed one finger along the side of Sherlock's cock. "Lie on your back, and we can both use both hands."
"I know what it means," John said. "Goodbye, my beautiful little family."
"Yes." John wasn't as hard as Sherlock was, but he soon remedied that, stroking himself while he watched Sherlock do the same thing. It wasn't enough, though—he couldn’t be this close without touching. He rolled onto his back and wriggled closer, stretching his right hand across the small space between them to caress Sherlock's hip. The sound Sherlock made was unquestionably one of consent, and John moved his fingers further, ready to stop if Sherlock showed any sign of discomfort.
Sherlock frowned, then grabbed the dog by the collar and hauled him away from the desk; John reached out to take control of him again, this time lifting him onto his lap so he couldn't escape. "Maybe you should open it now."
"I'm sure it was just an oversight on your part, but you seem to have forgotten your bodyguard in London."
"Sorry. And I'm sorry if I've been a little short with you today. It's just—" John waved his free hand towards the empty box that Sherlock had dissected, hoping to find a clue.
Sherlock sat up straight, then leaned towards him. "John, you are literally the best prize that I could ever imagine. The only one. Before I met you, I truly thought that I did prefer to be alone, and I tried to cling to that belief for a long time. Especially when you took every available opportunity to inform people that you weren't gay."
Sherlock frowned. "I know. I—"
"I changed my mind."
Mycroft continued. "He maimed two guards, then killed another inmate who had helped him orchestrate the escape."
Mycroft kept staring at him.
Sherlock shrugged. "What else was I supposed to do? Of course, I would have preferred not to be caught in flagrante, but once it happened...." He shrugged again. John was right. He could be self-conscious about sex at times—they'd certainly learned that at rehab last year—but today.... "It wasn't embarrassing. It was thrilling."
(See the end of the chapter for
"A kiss," Sherlock echoed, and his body took over, leaning forwards and settling his hands on John's waist before his mind could even comprehend what was happening. He had never enjoyed kissing. He'd done it before, of course, but only a means to an end. It had never been real. He never understood why anyone liked it, but he'd never been kissed by John before. Oh. John was kissing him. Sherlock checked quickly to make sure that his knees weren't about to buckle, and then he opened his lips slightly, awed at the sensation. John did the same, and a moment later pressed his tongue lightly into Sherlock's mouth and, oh. Oh. This was why people liked kissing. Yes.
Stone began to trot further away, and Sherlock called his name, unwilling to let him go too far on his own. Stone didn't respond at all. Maybe they should try to train him a bit more than they had. He usually came when called, but only because nothing more interesting was holding his attention. He clearly found sniffing trees more compelling than Sherlock right now. If he went much further, he'd reach a spot where the trees were too dense for Sherlock to keep him easily in his line of sight.
"They can often be the same thing," Sherlock said. "It's a little-known fact that—"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but opened his chest of drawers, frowning at the clothes inside it.
Stone still didn't respond, but a moment later he raised his head, looking away from Sherlock, to the east. Sherlock turned his head as well, in time to see two large grey and white dogs barrelling across the open field towards Stone. Huskies, running much faster than Stone ever could, not that he was trying to run away from them anyway. "Stone!" Sherlock shouted, and began to run through the mud towards him. The dogs were loose, with no owners in sight, and seemed entirely focused on reaching Stone.
“He didn’t stop to talk to anyone,” Mycroft pointed out. “Seven minutes in the library—would you like me to access their internal cameras?”
John shook his head and pulled Sherlock's shirt on. It fit him. More or less. The sleeves were too long, of course, and the shoulders were wider than he expected. As he buttoned it, he glanced over at Sherlock. Yes, Sherlock's shoulders were broader than his. Not that John really minded. Especially when Sherlock was deep in a case, hunched over a laptop with his suit jacket off and his shirt stretched tight across his back. But that was...not something he should be thinking about right now.
When they'd gone, John switched his attention from the groceries to the kitchen table. They hadn't cleared the space as he'd asked, but a few scraps of paper and some loose crayons were certainly not the worst thing he'd ever had to clean up. He stacked the unused sheets of paper into a pile and began to collect the crayons. It had been a long time since he had sat and drawn with Rosie—for almost a full year now, he'd been working so much that he'd left most of the parenting to Sherlock. The time he himself spent with Rosie was largely confined to driving her back and forth from Baker Street to their old house. Now that they all lived here, it was easier to spend time together, even though his work schedule hadn't improved.
Sherlock looked down at John's hand, then up at his face. "Is this a miscalculation?"
"I don't need to be rescued."
"I had an orange."
"Yes. If you'll let me."
Sherlock tried not to react; hopefully everyone was too drunk to see how much he wanted to put his hands on John right now, although his feet weren't the first part of his body that he'd like to touch.
Rosie nodded. "Thank you. I like the ones that have the little snowflakes on them."
Mary hesitated, glancing at Sherlock and then at the door, but whatever she needed help with must have been serious enough for her to endure an awkward conversation. She sat in the chair, placing her handbag on the floor by her feet.
Sherlock studied him, trying to deduce what John himself might not have wanted to analyse too closely.
—may try to exact more revenge for fake engagement
"We wrap things up, then on Christmas Eve we try to guess what they are before we open them," Rosie said, bouncing on her toes.
"Yes. Yes. I didn't know before then."
She sighed. "As soon as I heard he was out, I knew he'd come looking for me, so I had to come up with something good to keep him from killing me. So I gave him the name of your therapist."
Sherlock nodded once and then ran back into the house. He made a quick circuit of the ground floor, spotting nothing of import other than the remnants of a meal sat on the kitchen table.
Lestrade led the way into the victims' flat. Sherlock stepped to the side to allow John room to enter next to him while he scanned the large living space, forming a preliminary picture of the victims' lives. Neat, tastefully decorated, plenty of framed photographs lining the walls and shelves, quite boring. He frowned and turned in a slow circle, looking for anything of interest, before moving on to the next room.
Sherlock grunted an acknowledgement and burrowed deeper under the duvet.
Sherlock blinked his eyes shut for a moment. He had not meant to dredge up this old argument again, but he knew all too well how vulnerable John was. "It's not that I don't think you're capable. But he's not playing fair. He could pick you off with a sniper or something. He won't do that to me. You've got to stay here and let Mycroft's people keep you safe."
John laughed, then sat up all the way, pulling his whole body back until his feet dropped off Sherlock's lap and he was sitting up straight against the armrest.
"Sorry, what?"
"No, this a discussion of your personal life." Luckily, Mycroft was easy to ignore.
"Er, no," John said, as Sherlock stepped away, looking smug. "Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, but that shouldn't be necessary." They did need to figure out what their permanent sleeping arrangements would look like, but as much as he wanted to share a bed with Sherlock as soon as possible, he didn't want to pawn Rosie off on Mrs. Hudson just so they could be alone.
"Hang on," Sherlock said, and pressed the screen of his phone with his thumb. A moment later, they heard a faint ringing coming from down the hall. John followed the sound through the kitchen and into the bedroom, where his phone sat on top of Sherlock's chest of drawers.
He pressed his thumb in harder and John jerked forward, out of his reach.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before returning his attention to his computer. "It's hardly my fault that you ate my orange, is it? Anyway, I've had three coffees and two cups of tea and they all had sugar in them. Plenty of calories."
Sherlock couldn't quite fathom feeling that way, but he knew that John was sincere. "Did they give a reason?"
"When Eurus was here. After."
"The very same. Mummy is thrilled. Mrs. Hudson will be joining you."
Sherlock raised his chin as if to nod, then redirected his gaze to the corner of the room, where John's leg braces and crutches were propped in the corner, untouched in at least a week, though ideally he was supposed to spend time wearing them daily.
"Wine. That's a bathtub drink, isn't it?"
"Molly." John tipped his head at her and she closed her mouth.
Sherlock waved his hand. It would be easier to examine the fingers without Stone trying to climb onto his lap to eat the evidence.
“Yes, I do.” He crossed the room in three long strides and grabbed Daddy’s car keys from their spot in the basket by the door. Stone bounded up, wanting to join him, but before Sherlock could tell him no, his phone buzzed in his pocket.
He went in through the front door, banking on the probability that Mycroft was still in the kitchen, eating. Daddy was watching telly, but he only briefly looked up when Sherlock came in. “Where’s John?”
John turned back around, nearly as startled to hear Sherlock's voice as he had been to walk in on him a moment ago. Now Sherlock stood in the doorway to the flat, his dressing gown pulled loosely closed around his waist, looking only mildly dishevelled.
"I know you know. Because despite what you may think, I know you're already a good father. You're probably over-Googling everything about babies but that's okay because you do better when you have as much information as possible. Just don't forget to trust your instincts, too."
"Of course I am. You don't think you're special, do you?"
Eve fell asleep in his arms, but John continued to sit in the glider until Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, dressed in a different pair of pyjama bottoms and dressing gown than the ones he'd worn all day.
“What did you do to him?” Sherlock held the phone at arm’s length and shouted at it, using every ounce of self-control he had to keep himself from dropping it on the floor and grinding it beneath his heel, just so he wouldn’t have to hear that voice anymore.
She took another step closer and smiled at him, leaning forward for a moment as if she meant to reach out to him and then thought better of it. "Hi, Sherlock. Thank you for coming out here. I was going to try to slip past your guard but I assume you have another one inside, so I texted John instead." She craned her neck to look at the doorway behind him. "Is he coming out here, or are you bringing me inside? I'd rather not talk about it out here on the street, if it's all the same to you."
He crossed the room and gave John's shoulder a brief pat. He'd learned the perfect amount of force and contact he was allowed to use in touching him, to maintain the fiction that his feelings were that of friendship and nothing more. "You have done a lot today. Take a break for a while. I'll finish helping Rosie set up her room, and order something for us to eat." It was late for lunch and early for dinner, but he knew he wasn't the only one who'd neglected food today, amid the tumult of the move.
Rosie took a step closer and held out her hand.
“Oh, you’ve checked, have you?”
"Yeah. Well. I guess I showed him, huh?" John smiled, just a little, and reached out to sort through the mail that Sherlock had already dismissed.
John came unquestioningly, raising his eyebrows once he was close to the sofa.
"Yes, now I can touch you lower. I let your cock slide out of my mouth for a second and shove my fingers in instead, getting them as wet as a I can, then I put my hand down again, and slide the tip of one finger—"
Moriarty threw his head back and laughed at that, then jumped forward, off the ledge, landing lightly on his feet in front of Sherlock. He moved closer, sliding more than walking. Sherlock stepped to the side, away from the door, and they turned as a unit, mirroring one another, until they stood a double body's length apart, with the door roughly six metres to Sherlock's left and the edge of the roof yawning into open sky on his right.
"Sorry," Donovan said. "Did I distract the genius from his work by stealing his husband?"
John reached out to push open the door to the flat, but before he could, it opened for him. Rosie was on the other side, stretching up to reach the doorknob that was level with her head, a finger raised to her mouth in warning.
"Mycroft didn't figure it out, either."
There had to be a way to out-think him, but all Sherlock could see when he tried to do so was Moriarty running his hands over John, and jabbing him in the leg with a needle that John couldn't feel but that knocked him out all the same. After a while he began to wish he could knock himself out, just to escape the images in his head. The amitriptyline tended to him help him sleep deeply, but it didn't make him fall asleep if he wasn't ready to, at least not since the first few weeks when he'd started taking it. And Lestrade didn't have any sleeping pills or even a sedative he could use.
"You're not." Eurus smiled. "You can't trust me, I know. That's okay. But don't be afraid to trust yourself, brother."
"No. I didn't." Mary shook her head emphatically. "Before I told him, I made sure she'd be out of town."
"My pleasure," she said, and it did sound as if she were enjoying herself. "In this installment, you and Doctor Watson are going to finally resolve the sexual tension that has smoldered between the two of you since the day you first met."
"You're putting cameras in our flat?" Sherlock said. "No."
John shook his head, biting at his lip in an obvious attempt not to laugh. "Where'd you get that, anyway? We still haven't had any lunch."
"It would depend on the exact nature and circumstances of the crime."
"Nah, I'm good. Just you tonight."
"We're not sending you back to prison," Sherlock said.
John and Rosie finished with the ornaments and John pulled out one last box from the bright red storage container he'd dragged up from the basement. "Time to put the star on top, Rosie. Who do we know that's tall enough to do that for us, hmm?"
"What—how could you possibly know that?"
"Dr. Watson." She showed no hesitation in addressing him. "I knew you'd come. He thought you might not, but I knew." She nodded towards Sherlock, then rolled over onto her back and heaved herself up to sitting, groaning with the movement. She leaned back on a pillow propped against the headboard, one hand spread over her stomach in the protective gesture of mothers-to-be everywhere, and made eye contact with him. "You'll do anything he asks of you, won't you? How does my brother inspire such loyalty? I've always wondered about that. I think—" She cut herself off with a grimace as she bent forward, pulling her legs up and curling her fingers into the bedsheets on either side of her.
John nodded. "No one's been able to reach her. The police are on their way to her office now. I told Mycroft we'll meet them there."
Dad frowned. "Eurus.... Look, Rosie, this is kind of a grown-up matter. We're not really mad at you for not telling us she was here, but right now we need you to go upstairs to your room. I think Sherlock and I need to talk to each other."
Sherlock released him from the bite to reprimand him. "Language. What if my mother heard you?"
Mummy poked Daddy in the ribs with one finger. "Bisexual," she said.
They carried it up the stairs, only encountering a bit of trouble as they turned on the landing to go up the short second flight. As they manoeuvred the box into the flat, Molly came out into the living room, holding Rosie by the hand. "It was lovely to see the baby, but I really need to—oh, what's that?"
Sherlock pursed his lips. "I see your point."
While he was washing the dishes they'd used, Sherlock passed through the kitchen on his way to put Eve back down in her cot.
"Of course. In fact, I should go take care of that right now."
"Most of the items they had for sale were Christmas-themed, unfortunately," Sherlock said. "Not something I took into account when choosing our wedding date, but live and learn, I suppose. They had a large variety of peppermint-flavored accessories, but since that one mint lubricant we tried last year burned like hell itself, I didn't want to risk any of those. And I didn't imagine either of us would be aroused by dressing in skimpy Santa outfits. But I did find this." He reached into a discreet paper bag and withdrew—
Sherlock was kneeling in front of the fireplace, trying to get a fire started. Dad carried a tray with three mugs and a plate of biscuits out from the kitchen—all the mugs were filled with hot chocolate, not tea like they usually drank, so Rosie felt a little less childish drinking it.
"I—John?"
"Well, it helps her to sleep. And I know you must be tired."
Sherlock put his arms around John's waist and squinted at him for a moment. "Just to clarify, you are referring to me, I hope?"
John tried to make himself smile at her. "Well, the good news is, a woman of your size is unlikely to have a baby as large as a watermelon, unless the father was a giant."
"I'm already in tune with my body."
Sherlock tapped lightly on the bedroom door with one knuckle, then opened it when he heard John move inside. The lights were off and the curtains drawn, but by the light from the hallway he could see John's outline in the bed, lying on his side with his back to Sherlock. "You need anything?" he asked, voice slightly above a whisper—he knew John wasn't asleep, but he still didn't want to disturb him.
He waved a hand in her direction as he exited the room, dismissing her suggestion and bidding her farewell at the same time. As the morgue door banged shut behind him, he had a momentary lapse where he wanted nothing more than to turn around and go back in, take off his coat and sit and watch her finish the autopsy. Maybe he would even eat some of the crisps.
CW for brief mentions of drug use (beginning of chapter) and short discussion of suicide (end of chapter). Wait, is parentlock supposed to be fluffy? There's a lot of cute baby holding in between.
"Yeah, no. That wasn't Rosie you heard." He gave her another tight smile and tried to subtly back her away from the door.
Sherlock felt a ridiculous bloom of warmth in his chest at the statement. He let himself grin as he carried John through the flat to the bedroom, grateful that he made an effort to keep wide paths clear for John's wheelchair because it meant less chance of tripping over something now.
"Come on," Sherlock said, and slid across the bed, stretching himself out on his side along the top of the duvet. He patted the mattress next to him, and John scrambled to join him.
He picked her up by the waist, hoisting her up to his chest, then took a deep breath and bellowed, "Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!" as he tossed her a foot or two up into the air and caught her on her way back down.
Sherlock obliged, spreading more lube over his gloved fingers before he ventured deeper, savoring each moan and shudder he elicited. His own cock was straining up through the opening of his boxers toward John, and Sherlock knew he'd give in to his own temptation soon. "I'd be fucking you already except we're not supposed to be touching, are we?"
John stared at him, knowing Sherlock wasn't telling him everything.
"John, John! Mm, your mouth. I'm coming, coming down your throat. John!" Sherlock leaned forward as his orgasm hit, sending shudders through his body that rocked the whole sofa. Somehow, he had the presence of mind to cup himself with both hands, and indeed spare the rug from being spattered and stained.
John sighed and stepped around the bed to the bathroom door. The frosted glass was steamed, making it even harder to see through than it normally was, but he could still hear the water running. He rapped on the door, loud enough to be heard over the water, but she didn't reply. "Eurus?" he called, after a second knock also produced no answer. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was still sitting with Eve but now held himself tense, as if ready to spring to his feet. John swallowed and turned back to the door. "Eurus, are you all right? I'm opening the door now, please answer me."
"Okay." He didn't let himself flinch away from her gaze. "I know Sherlock said she had a dirty nappy in the night—that's good. Has she been eating for you?"
He bit back a grin of his own, and dropped the bag with their laptops onto John's lap. "Oh, Mrs. Hudson, don't you worry about that. We're happy to have you here with us. We wouldn't want it any other way." He wrapped her into a hug and gave her a quick peck on the cheek, watching from the corner of his eye as Mummy reacted in shocked envy. He let go of Mrs. Hudson and picked up her suitcase for her, smiling at Mummy. "Now, where shall I put Mrs. Hudson's bags?"
"I've got the sphygmomanometer and—" Sherlock stopped mid-sentence, standing just outside the door to the loo, a metre or so away from the bed, holding John's blood pressure cuff and stethoscope out in front of him. He looked ready to defend himself with the instruments if necessary, though John didn't think he was afraid of Eurus as much as he was wary of the process of childbirth in general. "Eurus, are you all right?"
Eurus scowled at him. "You were off your head on drugs that night. Your memories aren't reliable."
"I do." The wreath had been around since she was a kid. Since before she was born. She knew the story—Mum had bought it the first Christmas she and Dad were married, about a month before Rosie was born. She'd put it out on the table in their house that year, but never got around to lighting the candles. Dad had packed it up and brought it with him when he moved back to Baker Street a couple of years later, when Rosie was little.
"I'm glad you're home," he said.
Sherlock made himself breathe evenly, hoped his voice didn't break. It didn't. "If it's something you'd be interested in, I'm willing."
“Is this actually broadcasting over the air?”
He took the stairs down to the basement, then prowled through the hallways, sneaking a glance in each door he passed, looking for Moriarty. Nothing. He checked his watch: still very early.
The awkwardness of the moment was thankfully cut short by the sound of footsteps on the stairs, and a few seconds later Mr. Holmes and Rosie returned to the flat, carrying boxes full of pastries, which they set on the coffee table. "Oh, there was a package delivered downstairs, Sherlock," Mr. Holmes said, as he opened a box and began to pass out scones. "I didn't have a free hand to bring it up."
"No." Sherlock held him firm, and even forced him to take a step backwards, away from Mycroft. Behind them, Eve stopped her mild fussing and began to cry outright, a thin wail that rapidly grew in volume.
He sat in his chair for a while, forcing his mind away from thinking about Sherlock, but there was nothing else he wanted to think about. He closed his eyes and wriggled deeper into the chair, wondering at the wisdom of trying to fall asleep here.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "All right. Not alone, please. I'd like to be at your side. He can't overpower us both at the same time."
"No," John countered. "What happened at Sherrinford was she tortured us, killed five more people, and tried to drown me in a well."
"At home in the bedroom where I left them yesterday, where do you think they are?"
"Well, it's a good thing Sherlock won't be alone tonight, just in case he needs any help with the baby," Mrs. Holmes said. "I'll be here to lend a hand, and I'll tell Daddy he can join us tomorrow if he likes, and Mrs. Hudson is here, too. Oh, we'll have a whole little family to help you, won't we, Sherlock?
"We'll stay around the garden," John said. "There are plenty of new scents to keep Stone busy without going very far."
Moriarty kept talking. "I'm disappointed, Sherlock. You've been very slow."
"Sherlock had just shot an international media mogul in cold blood," Eurus said, her voice more animated than it had been a few moments ago. "Turns out he was much more interesting than Mycroft had ever let on. I couldn't let him die before I got the chance to talk to him."
"Hmm?"
They left Rosie with Mrs. Hudson and headed out to Scotland Yard. John had abandoned his Christmas jumpers this year in favor of a well-fitted blazer, and was carrying two bags for the gift exchange.
Sherlock looked down at the bed. "It's not that. It's just.... There are so many possibilities I can think of, and I'm not sure what you're willing to do—I'm not even sure what I'm willing to do, truthfully. I know you liked it when Mary pegged you, but—"
"Oh, dear. Let me go get her a glass of water." Gram bustled out of the room.
"We—" He frowned at her, wondering how she had known what he was about to do. "I'm just about to go talk to him now."
There was another long pause, and John hoped it meant Sherlock was reconsidering his refusal to take her to hospital right now, but after a few seconds he said, "Okay. Thank you. Please hurry."
"Go ahead." Sherlock stood up, bringing Eve to his shoulder. "I've got everything under control here, and hopefully my mother will stay out with Mrs. Hudson for hours yet."
"Wrong!" Moriarty's left hand darted into his jacket and he pulled out a gun. Sherlock froze in shock as Moriarty took another lunging step towards him, waving the gun in the air. "Do you like it? It's bigger than Johnny's, isn't it? Do you wish you had one just like it? Or do you have one, tucked away in that beautiful coat of yours?"
"You!" Sherlock glared at Mrs. Hudson. "You're the one who called her, aren't you?"
A small smile played at Sherlock's lips, and John counted it as a win—he'd successfully distracted him from worrying for a least a little while. John wasn't especially concerned about keeping his toe muscles limber, but if it gave Sherlock something to do and let John have a chance to decompress, he wasn't going to stop it. Except after only a minute or two, Sherlock began to talk again.
“Ah, there we go. Out like a baby. Bet it would take more than that to knock you out, Sherlock. Your tolerance is a lot higher, isn’t it?” Moriarty giggled. “Now, where were we? Oh, yes, I was just going to show everyone the naughty little thing I felt when I was taking Johnny’s gun off him.”
"That was this morning. I'm sure he won't mind if you come up now."
"Okay. Well. The study is really not something to worry about now. But if you do stop taking the amitriptyline and it gets bad again, we could try some of the other meds you rejected before, see if maybe a better diet might mitigate some of the side effects you had with them. And there are other ways to help, too."
Mummy carried a bowl of sweets into the living room and set it down on the coffee table. "Oh, look at that. You found the old Lego sets, too. Are you done setting up the trains, then?"
"I think it's a lovely name," Sherlock said, stepping around the bottom of the bed so he stood next to John. "She'll be a fresh start for you."
John moved closer so that his chair was sideways in front of Sherlock. He leaned over and wrapped his right hand around Sherlock's left fist. He was wearing gloves and the leather was slick from the rain, but his grip was firm. "Let's go home. Get out of this rain, have something to eat and drink. You'll feel better at home."
All three of them stared at Eve, and her cry of distress trailed off into a low whimper. "How could she do this?" Mycroft asked.
"Cough into your elbow but wipe your nose only on tissues, remember?" Sherlock nodded at the box of next to the bed.
"Hmm." John crossed his arms over his chest, then leaned towards Rosie, face softening into a grin. "I think Sherlock and I deserve biscuits, too. We've all done a lot of work today."
Sherlock turned back towards him. "I'm not going to force you to wear them if you don't want to."
Lestrade's jaw dropped. "You need money?"
He brought a hand up to his face, blinking at John, who was cradling his right fist with his left, looking equally stunned. Sherlock blinked again and took his hand from his nose. There was a smear of blood across his fingers, and he could feel more trickling onto his lip and down the back of his throat.
"Yes, let's do that. Good-bye, Molly. We'll see you next week." He handed Rosie the tiny umbrella that was leaning next to the door and scooped her up into his arms so they both would be covered from the rain. By the time they were home at Baker Street with a pizza and fizzy drinks, Sherlock had nearly managed to make himself forget about the bottle of oil and Molly's suggestion. He left it in his coat pocket, hung at the bottom of the stairs, and didn't think of it again until hours later, after Rosie was in bed and he himself was beginning to feel drowsy.
"It's...." John paused as if considering what it was. "It's okay," he finally said. "But I thought we trusted each other more than that. How could you ever think I would cheat on you?"
John gave Sherlock a look that he probably couldn't even see. He knew Sherlock's parents meant well, but having them around was making Rosie less likely to go back to sleep. Maybe he should just lie down with her in this room and tell everyone else to go back to bed. He was just about to suggest it when he heard Grandad come back inside. The power hadn't come back on, and John still had no idea what he may have been doing outside.
John was shaking his head. "No. Nothing to do with her. Or anyone else. That's just...me." He ran his fingers through his hair again, then settled both hands on the wheels of his chair, clenching the rims.
John closed his eyes and tried to think of what he should do. "How much is she dilated?"
"Yes, I can."
"Well, you'd better get going, then."
"Oh, for God's sake," Mycroft said. "How many texts did she schedule before she left, hmm? John, check and see if there are any more in your queue."
Sherlock nodded at the wisdom in that statement and put his head back against the metal exhaust fan. "How did you even get here so fast? It couldn't have been more than ten minutes ago that I texted you."
"Must be urgent," Sherlock said, and flopped down on the bed so he could see the screen as John opened the message.
John had already finished reading Rosie's book; he was now singing a song to her, softly enough that Sherlock could barely make out the tune. He stopped in the doorway, unwilling to interrupt the moment, but when he had finished singing, John turned and beckoned him into the room. "Rosie doesn't want you to miss your goodnight kiss."
"Let's go home and see Daddy." He shifted his hold on her and felt a few raindrops beginning to fall. Perfect timing.
"I need your help."
Sherlock took a step so he was standing in between John and Mary. "You said she switched schedules so she's been spending more time in your office. Her hair was gumming up the wheels of your chair. She gave you a tomato plant as a gift!" He glared at Mary. "It died."
"Sorry, what? Cisco? John, that's a software company."
"I am. I'm trying. I'm just—" He broke off, frustrated and unsure how to even describe what he felt.
Dad snorted another sound that was almost like a laugh.
"Have you." Maybe she was telling the truth. Who knew how she'd spent the last nine months, or how many times before that she'd slipped out of Sherrinford and impersonated others? Maybe Mycroft had brought her a child to play with one Christmas.
John glanced over at his own chair, but found himself gravitating towards the sofa instead. He'd come down here hoping to speak to Sherlock privately, but the presence of Eve triggered some fatherly instinct in him and he was compelled to gaze at her, first. "She certainly seems content, doesn't she?" he said to Eurus, smiling down at the sleeping baby on her chest. "Just make sure that you don't put her down to sleep on her stomach like that in her cot, all right?"
"No, I just thought Moriarty might have killed someone and you were here to take a look."
"Sorry, sorry!" Sherlock said. "You have a big knot right there."
"What?"
Sherlock shrugged. "It's not—" he began, and then pulled his phone from the pocket of his dressing gown. "It's just Wiggins."
Sherlock couldn't resist any longer. He put his right hand out, touching John's bare shoulder, and pretended he was testing the position. John's skin was cool and smooth, the muscles beneath it knotted with palpable tension. He cleared his throat. "Ah, it's fine. You're at a good height for me. If you're comfortable."
Mycroft sniffed and raised his nose in the air. "Not sure why I ever gave up my keys to this building. Especially after Eurus escaped again. I should have known she would come straight here."
"Lestrade should be home," Sherlock said, as they rode the lift up to his flat. "He was off work today, and if he goes out for drinks with his detective friends, it usually isn't until at least seven o'clock."
"How dare you—" Mycroft tried to grab his phone back, but Sherlock tossed it across the room.
The reporter must have believed that the police were more likely to answer her questions, because she turned her attention to them. Sherlock hoped Lestrade and Donovan arrived soon—they deserved to have to put up with her inane questions after interrupting him and John yesterday at the Yard.
"Glad to be home," Sherlock said, and pressed his lips to John's forehead. "Now go dry off before you leave water stains on my floor." He dropped his arms from around John's body and stepped back, turning away from John as he moved.
"Yes!" Rosie shouted.
"Yes, yes, in your mouth. Don't want to get it all over the rug. John." Sherlock was pumping himself furiously now, feet braced against the floor, raising himself up slightly from the sofa cushion with each stroke.
Sherlock let his arm drop. "You are so beautiful."
"Stop thinking," John told him.
He picked up a red crayon and rolled it between his fingers, then impulsively pulled a white sheet of paper from the stack. He doodled a small heart in the uppermost corner, two curves meeting in a point, and began to color it in. No. That wasn't right. The only person he'd want to make a valentine for wouldn’t accept such an offering from him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Er, yeah. I have."
He glanced at the door to Mrs. Hudson's flat before he started up the staircase. She always chided him if he didn't stop and say hello, but he thought today it might be better if she remained unaware that anything unusual was happening upstairs.
"You'll have to decide where you want to sleep," Mummy interrupted. She had come up the stairs behind him. "Mycroft's in his old room, of course. The guest room is made up for John, with the bigger bed, but you can sleep on the futon down in the garden room. It shouldn't be too cold—we have plenty of blankets."
"You—" John stopped, trying to make sense of what he'd said. Did he mean—? "Sherlock."
"Oh, sweetheart. I'm sorry. Let me go find one of our camp lanterns for you."
Sherlock chewed at the inside of his lip. "I can't."
"Yes." Sherlock's eyes flicked to meet John's, but he didn't move. "What if...do you think we have enough medicine in the flat? In case you get sick?"
John gave Sherlock a look that did more to reassure him than anything he had said and then got back into his chair to escort Mary to the door. Sherlock watched them.
He opened his eyes again. Stone was sitting next to him, tail frantically flopping against the floor, and Sherlock was still standing in front of him, literally wringing his hands.
"It doesn't matter if I meant it or not. I shouldn't have done it. I hurt you."
"An officer at the Yard has a sister whose friend bought an extra one last month and is willing to sell it for a relatively reasonable price."
"I told you, the baby is asleep, Mummy. And please keep your voice down, so she stays that way."
"Take her." Sherlock thrust Eve towards him, and John took her without question, knowing by the way that Sherlock had suddenly gone even paler than usual that something was wrong beyond Eurus's disappearance. Eve blinked open her eyes as she was handed off, her face wrinkling in displeasure.
"But I—"
"It's him, isn't it?" John said.
"Well, what do you usually do to entertain yourself when I'm at work all day?" John had worked last Saturday, so he had a rare day off in the middle of the week today.
The Woman—perhaps? Would require breaking no texting rule, but may be worth it for this
"That's exactly how I've always felt." John smiled at him.
John did as he asked and Sherlock clipped a scrap of flesh from the base of each finger, dropping them into the jars. He held them out to Mycroft, who of course recoiled at the offer.
He wiped at his eyes with the back of his hand and watched as John stood behind the tree, reaching forward to pass a strand of garland to Rosie, who would run around the front and return it to John again. There was nothing inherently sentimental about the action, and Sherlock thought his heart might burst watching. He should pour the last bit of wine that was left in the bottle down the drain and never touch alcohol again.
“Wait, Sherlock, you can’t go chasing after him.  They’re still moving, you’ll never catch up to him.”
Mycroft still had his phone pressed to his ear. He lifted his chin to speak over it, meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “Anthea says the phone is transmitting from approximately 28 miles to the north of here.”
"What's that?" He shifted the bags in his arms so he could close the door behind him, then turned to see that she was admiring a stack of neatly-wrapped gift boxes piled next to a small tree on the table in the hallway outside her flat. "Oh, looks like Sherlock and Rosie were decorating while we were out." It had become a tradition, started when Rosie was a toddler, and it seemed each year she and Sherlock got more elaborate in their efforts.
"You heard me. You might need to explain it to Sherlock. I don't think he's had quite the experience with sex that you have. I'm not particular about position, or who does what to whom. Just penetration and mutual climaxes."
John turned the box around, reading the description on the sides. "It does sound lovely, Molly. It must have cost more than twenty-five pounds, though."
"Please. Your honeymoon has been over for quite a while now. Time to get back to the real world." He pulled out a small notebook from the same pocket that held his phone—Sherlock wondered if he'd ever realise it was possible to make notes on a phone, as well. He flipped to the middle of the notebook and drew his finger down the page, which he'd apparently filled out ahead of time. "There will be a level three monitoring of your flat to begin with. If need be, we can increase it from there. The next step would be to have a guard stationed in this building at all times."
John always said that it was harder to keep his balance going down the stairs than up, and he shouldn't have done it without someone nearby to help if needed.
"I know. That's why I didn't. But I didn't even think about the bedrooms being upstairs. I—"
"Every sprain is different. Plus, you were younger then. Your body could bounce back from injuries more easily."
"John." Sherlock's voice was low, but clear.
Sherlock leaned back against the sofa cushions, spreading his feet in case John wanted to move. "You could do some of your stretches here, if you want. Lestrade's floor looks at least as clean as ours."
"Oh, that's good. I don't think he got much sleep the last two nights. You should stay with him, John, help him out so he doesn't have to look after the baby alone. He sent me and his mother away, but he'll let you help."
"I see," John replied. "I think—" His lips pursed and Sherlock thought it was over, but then his tongue darted out from between them and he nodded. "That might feel good. I didn't know you...." He paused. "Knew how to give a massage."
John glanced around the room and then pointed. "I'll sit in that chair and lean on the desk. Since we don't have a massage table handy."
John sighed and pushed himself over to his own armchair. "I put two pills in my coat pocket. For the next time we decide to have a go in some inappropriate public place, like Lestrade's office. Which I am now thinking will not be for a very long time." He swung himself from one chair to the other, settling in so he was facing Sherlock, a stern look on his face.
Rosie dropped the book bag onto the floor, turned and ran back out of the kitchen, her sock-clad feet skidding on the wooden floor.
"I—fine." He got Stone's lead and left John to his own devices, though he continued to chafe at John's attitude as he stood outside and watched Stone sniff all the same things he'd sniffed a few hours ago when they'd arrived. He knew John was capable on his own, but he also knew that he tended not to ask for help even if he really needed it. All Sherlock wanted to do was make things easier for him when he could. But it wasn't worth having a full-blown argument over.
John slid further away from him so he could pull himself to his feet. "I really have to stop sitting on the floor. One day I won't be able to get up." He twisted his torso in each direction, stretching his back.
Before Sherlock could again insist that John go to practice, Mrs. Hudson returned with Stone, gushing about a young couple she'd met in the park who'd had a Scottish Terrier like the one she'd had as a child. Sherlock patted the cushion so Stone would jump up and share the sofa with him, and let John handle the smiling and nodding along with Mrs. Hudson's tale.
"Sure, loads of fun. At least he doesn't carry a gun." John took off his coat, wincing as he moved his shoulders.
"So how...?"
"But how could I forget what I did to you?" John sat up, reaching over to pull a tissue from the box next to his side of the bed so he could pass it to Sherlock. "I'm so sorry."
"No, we shouldn't. They didn't recognise you?"
"But you shouldn't—" Sherlock paused and made himself rephrase what he meant to say. "Moriarty knows we're here. He could be watching us argue right now."
"Rings," Sherlock confirmed, and lifted from the box a sealed plastic bag—
"Oh, dear!" This time Mrs. Hudson seemed as shocked as Mummy.
Rosie buried her head against John, again refusing to acknowledge that Mrs. Holmes was talking to her. John gently pried her away and got her to sit on his lap facing out, which was about as much as he could hope for. Mrs. Holmes was right though—she was generally a well-behaved child, though he imagined most children were, compared to what Sherlock, Mycroft and Eurus must have been like.
"Oh, God, yes." John threw himself forward, into Sherlock's arms. Sherlock caught him and moved his head to one side, sucking John's right ear halfway into his mouth, teeth just barely catching on the lobe. John gasped and whimpered and Sherlock let go of his ear.
"You sore from that fall you took on the ice?" Dad asked.
"No mention of us or Moriarty at all today. Guess they've moved on to more interesting stories than an escaped criminal who shot himself on the roof of a hospital."
Sherlock pursed his lips, then nodded. "No, they shouldn't have," he said. "But it doesn't matter. Neither John nor I care much about what other people say, you should know that by now." He lifted his chin and turned away from Molly, pretending that what he said to her was true.
He crossed the room and put his hands on the back of his own chair, leaning his weight against it. "I might have a sandwich—thought there'd be more food at the party. You want anything?"
Sherlock didn't reply for a long moment, then he turned his head toward John. "Our baby can't have a baby, John."
"I'm sorry," he repeated. "I'll leave now."
"Oh, Sherlock. Hi." She looked up at him through a pair of safety goggles. "Are you here for a dead body?"
Oh God, that was too much. No, it was perfect. John couldn't form words, much less the two syllables of Sherlock's name, but he grunted in reply and thrust back against him, letting the heat between his legs build until it was finally strong enough to wipe out his awareness of everything except the two of them together.
Moriarty was now too busy torturing him and John to bother with a single employee who had escaped.
"No, not exclusively. I mean, okay, when I first watched Next Gen, I did like Dr. Crusher the most—she was a doctor, and I already planned to go to med school. But a few years later, when I watched Deep Space Nine? At first, I thought that I just wanted to be Sisko, but then eventually I realised that I wanted to be with him, too."
They stared at each other for a moment, then John smiled and leaned back in his chair, hands spread across the arm rests. "We did it, Rosie. We're moved in." His gaze passed over her and Sherlock again, then he turned away, towards the fireplace. "I'm going to start a fire, so we can be cozy and warm in our new home. How does that sound?"
"Sorry, what?"
"Good. Good." He rubbed his hands together. "How is she doing?"
"Nope. You had plenty of other things on your mind. Budge over. I want to stretch out after that car ride."
"Those are snowflakes, Rosie. It's snowing." He moved her so that he was holding her on his hip with one arm and held his other hand out flat, allowing a few flakes to land on his glove.
"John. Please." Sherlock's voice sounded nearly as desperate as it had when he'd called him earlier today.
"No, we'll be home all day today unless Sherlock has a case he hasn't told me about." John reached down and grabbed Stone by the collar before he could knock Mrs. Hudson off her feet.
"Left? What do you mean, he left?" Sherlock dropped his magnifying glass into his coat pocket and stepped over Amy's body, then craned his neck to see past Lestrade into the bedroom.
"Yes," Sherlock whispered, when John paused to take a breath.
Eventually she petered out, and announced her need to use the loo. Leon rose, immediately attentive, and escorted her down to the corner shop, expertly moving aside the onlookers who were still gathered on the street staring, despite the fact that there was no longer any visible smoke, and the firefighters were beginning to vacate the scene.
John turned his head at his name. Sherlock couldn't see his expression in the dim light, but he heard the relief he felt himself echoed in John's voice. "Sherlock. Oh, thank God. Mrs. Hudson said you were out with Stone but I was still afraid you might've come back without her realising."
"Yes, I'm here. We're getting you out of here now, all right?"
John glared at him but pulled Mycroft's phone from his back pocket, more upset at himself for losing control than anything else. Not that Mycroft didn't deserve to be punched, but he'd thought he'd made more progress in managing his anger over the last year and a half, during all his sessions with an actual therapist. He handed Mycroft his phone and then turned away, walking back over to Eve's cot. Her wails had come down in volume but she was still crying, and she had managed to pull one of her legs too far into her romper, frustrating herself even more as she tried to kick her legs. He lifted her from the cot, straightening out her leg inside her clothes for her, then held her upright against his chest, slowing down his own breathing in the hopes that he could calm them both at the same time. After a few moments she stopped crying and he turned around. "I know it's too soon for her to be hungry again. I think she just wants to be held."
"Wait, Sherlock, hang on—" John would never have suspected Sherlock of being a Star Trek fan, but if he was, then maybe they could watch together; God knew that he'd again failed to get Rosie interested.
He pushed open the door to the café. Nothing appeared to be damaged inside, and the air was clearer than outside, but he still couldn't risk letting John stay in the building. Even if nothing was burning yet, their flat might be smouldering and a fire could break out at any moment. "John!"
"Yeah, but I still hate using those things."
From what Sherlock recalled, Moriarty had been an annoyance but little else, more full of his own cleverness than anything. Yes, he'd killed a number of people, but once they'd figured out who was behind the deaths, he'd been relatively easy to track down and imprison, especially given his tendency to want to show off his crimes.
Dad wasn't touching her anymore, but Rosie could still feel how his whole body tensed, as if bracing for a fight. She turned her head very slightly to look at him and saw his chest rising and falling as he breathed, the collar of the checked shirt he wore fluttering against his neck with each exhalation. After a few very long seconds, his shoulders sagged slightly. “That’s not what I meant and you know it. But Eurus is not seeing Rosie again.”
"It'll probably be a while before I hear anything." John set the papers on his lap, smoothing away an invisible wrinkle. "And even if—even if I get in. I might not do it." He looked up, as if asking Sherlock for permission.
"Oh, that's awful. What's wrong with him?" Molly held open the door, allowing him entry into the tiny foyer that opened into her kitchen.
"Smart enough to escape from your brother's prison."
"Bad dream?"
"Touch me," John told him, and Sherlock did, stroking with long, firm movements up and down John's cock as John thrust on top of him. John didn't care about the Christmas tree dildo. Sherlock could be the one to use it next time, too. All John needed was Sherlock himself, filling him up and drawing him out, his body as agile and clever in bed as it was with everything else he ever did.
"You're 39," Sherlock said, dropping an armful of clean sheets on the chair in the corner and coming to stand next to the bed. "Your birthday is in March."
He sighed and stepped past the small Christmas tree to push open the door to the flat, expecting a disaster of decorating debris and either a small child or a large man to meet him at the door with a litany of complaints.
He let his eyes blink closed for a moment, then tried to get his feet underneath him to stand. His ankle objected; he'd twisted it when he'd stumbled back and fell. "Nope. Maybe not."
He turned the sound up and listened to the rest of the short conversation between Sherlock and Eurus, then, when they both resumed playing a few moments later, went back through the recording and watched from the beginning. What nonsense was Eurus spouting, and why on earth was Sherlock listening to her?
"Fascinating," Eurus said, her gaze fixed on Sherlock as he crossed the room to open the chest that held his bed linens.
"Oh, it was awful! The whole building shook, and then the power went out. Felt like an earthquake, not that I've ever felt an earthquake before, but I've seen the films. Oh, Sherlock! It came from your flat, I'm sure. Was it a bomb? Is your brother okay?"
"I'm looking to see if there's any connection to Moriarty. Why did he choose this couple to kill?"
"Can," Sherlock gasped.
"You...what? You've been working at the clinic since 2010," John said.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm in here!" John called from the kitchen.
Mummy and Daddy arrived a few minutes later, just as Rosie and her fellow instrumentalists were beginning to take the stage, and John got everyone settled in their seats as quickly as he could, making sure to keep Mummy and Mrs. Hudson as far apart as possible to avoid their usual surrogate grandmother competition.
Sherlock spun around, looking first at the house and then at the open expanse of garden and driveway, wondering if Moriarty was watching right now. John and Stone had followed him into the front garden—
"Because you weren't interested! I mean, I thought you weren't, you've always said—"
Mycroft's answering shout was not as loud as Sherlock's, but still clearly audible. "There are two dozen of my men searching the streets surrounding your flat, but I'm the only one who will enter yours, as we agreed on the phone. Now let me in before I have to break down this door."
John gritted his teeth together, considering. Sherlock's proposal was not what he'd expected. Was it still risky? Maybe. Eurus didn't need to be in the same room as Rosie in order to influence her. And John was never going to trust Eurus, but he thought Sherlock did, a little, at least, and he trusted Sherlock. They'd always made parenting decisions together, and up until now, they were almost always on the same page. He'd still rather have Rosie know nothing at all about Eurus—truth be told, he'd rather Sherlock have nothing to do with her at all either. Long-lost sister or not, she had still tortured and nearly killed them at Sherrinford. But now that Rosie had met her, she wasn't going to forget about her Aunt Eurus, and Sherlock's idea to have them in contact only through Skype might be the best option. "We could end the video chat the moment we suspected Eurus of anything diabolical?"
“Look!” Mrs. Hudson pointed at the screen, as if they all weren’t already watching it intently. “I think he’s underestimating John. He can move.”
When he opened his eyes again Sherlock was wiping his hands clean with a handkerchief—that was going to have to go. They might not need to isolate from each other but they should still try to maintain as clean an environment as possible, which meant disposable tissues only. Oh, God. This was still going to be a nightmare, regardless of how many orgasms they managed to have.
"No. I can't afford to spread my protective resources any thinner than they are right now. You need to all be in one place. The house is big enough for all of you."
"John." Sherlock reached out and caught him by the arm before he could pull his vest over his head.
John didn't do any better than Sherlock had at actually serving Rosie breakfast. He got the milk and a spoon out, but before he poured the cereal, he heard footsteps on the landing and a moment later Mrs. Holmes's voice, loudly announcing, "Mycroft!"
"Ah." Sherlock pulled back, letting go of John to bring his hand to his own face.
"We were house hunting. Well, flat hunting. It's taking forever to find a decent place we both like."
"And she hasn't killed anyone else in that time."
"You think Moriarty stole your Viagra?"
"Oh, Sherlock you're here. Good. We've been waiting—John!"
"I wanna help," Rosie said, and grabbed the other end of the string.
Sherlock sighed. The mittens had been attached to the coat for nearly two months now, but he'd not yet seen them on her hands. "All right. Give me your hands." He peeled off his own gloves, and she grudgingly let him take both her hands in his so he could rub some warmth back into them. "Is that better?" he asked, tipping his head down toward her, eyebrows raised in the same expression he used when humoring her father.
"Oh, yes, Dr. Watson," Mycroft said. "Pardon me, I had forgotten about the time you spent as a grenadier during your years in the service."
"Oh, yes, that would be perfect, if Mycroft could do that. Tell him it's Rosamund who's asking. Don't tell him I was the one that put the camera in his house, though. Please."
"Of course it is." Sherlock had forgotten the man's name already, if he had even been told it. No matter. "Go back to reading your novel—it looks much more interesting than the job you're being paid to do." He ran down the stairs and pulled open the door to the street. The guard leaning against the fence that ringed the entrance to the basement flat next door was much more alert than the one inside, despite his casual stance.
He turned away from her, scanning the rest of the room until he spied what he was looking for: the electronic devices that had been gathered from the Crawfords' flat. He strode across the room and plucked the laptop from the pile. "Lestrade asked me to inspect this personally," he told the puzzled technician who hadn't even managed to get past the lock screen of Amy Crawford's phone yet. He tucked the laptop under his arm and headed for Lestrade's office before the tech or anyone else could object.
The lack of trees and distance to the road made it unlikely that a sniper could be hiding nearby, and the chest-high stone wall that ran along the path they were on would likely provide protection should anyone try to target them, but it was still unnerving. He had to school himself back into nonchalance before he could reply. "Mycroft's security is better than you think. You won't get anywhere near this house."
"Mycroft called me and said you'd sneaked out of the flat. We knew you must have decided to meet Moriarty on your own—why else would you leave and not tell even me where you were going?"
Easy enough to deduce what had happened: Rosie had woken up alone in a strange room and insisted on crawling into bed with her parents, who'd been too tired to object. What Mummy found more remarkable was the fact that this situation could occur at all. It had been many years since a small girl slept beneath this roof, and Mummy had never dared imagine that there would one day be this tiny child who called her Gram, and who made Sherlock so content. Yet here she was, two stone of toddler, sound asleep with her mouth open and her arms thrown to either side, touching her two fathers.
"They are evidence of a crime, potentially murder."
“The most efficient and sensible way to handle the situation. Now sit down and wait until we have an update on their location.”
"Well. Not just me. Anderson helped. And I used the Homeless Network to clear up a few questions I had."
"Shh, Rosie—" John began.
"Are you sure it's a good idea for you to go there?" Molly asked.
"Yes, they are cold. Let's get home quickly." He dropped his hand, wiping it on his coat, and put both his arms around her again so he could walk faster.
"Mycroft." John stepped forward, so he stood between him and Sherlock. "I delivered this baby. Sherlock was in the room. This is Eurus's daughter."
"Ah, sorry about that. You haven't heard from Eurus at all, have you?"
"Nope. Sorry." John's tone was clipped. "You're on your own with this one."
Sherlock pulled away slightly. "You taste like coffee."
John huffed a laugh and carefully raised himself up on his arms again, trying not to spread the mess any further. He glanced at the nightstand next to the bed. "I used to have a tissue box there for just this sort of situation."
“Obviously,” Mummy said. “Can you figure out where they are so you can make him stop torturing John?”
John fought off the urge to push his hand away. It was okay if they touched; they had been touching much more intimately in the days since he'd been exposed. He put his own hand over Sherlock's and looked up at him. "I—" he began, then stopped.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Anyway, as I tried to say before, it doesn't matter how you may want to raise her if she has a father somewhere out there who wants custody of her himself."
"And the last time I checked, you didn't work for the police any more than I do. Shall I call Lestrade to come get them, see if Scotland Yard can do a better analysis than I can? Maybe they can call Anderson in for a shift."
"I said thank you."
"And have you been monitoring Stone's water consumption since then? Anyway, he needs to stretch his legs or he gets bored and tries to chew on the furniture."
John snorted a laugh. "Welcome to your forties."
"If he had, he would have given us a clue, made it into another game." Sherlock checked his phone to see if Moriarty had indeed contacted him again, but there were no new messages. He sighed, then noticed that beneath the layer of papers and folders on Gemma's desk lay a large desktop calendar. He shoved the papers out of the way so he could see the current week's schedule. "And no one has talked to any of her co-workers yet?"
