“Adler’s back on stage now,” reports Lestrade after half emptying his bottle with one long pull. “Did you manage to talk to her?”
“Yes, they’ve dropped him again,” says Sally. “It doesn’t look as if he’s going to manage to reach Philip, Longhi, Gimenez or the two Carrefour chaps, Bernard and Lachapelle, again. Hey Kit, don’t worry about white,” she then talks directly to him. “Just try to ride your own speed, okay? If you need more water, the neutral Tour car is not far behind you. And don’t risk anything on the descent. This isn’t the last day of this race.”
John nods, secretly glad that whatever awkwardness arose between then in the wardrobe is not mentioned at all. It’s for the best, although the knowledge that Sherlock was as aroused as him burns like a warm hot coal in his chest.
John frowns at him. “‘Close proximity to another human being in a somewhat sexual context?’” he repeats slowly.
Sherlock’s shoulders sag, he casts down his eyes again because he feels exposed and vulnerable under John’s intense stare. Is this how people usually feel when he deduces them? “You’re my best friend,” he mutters evasively.
For a moment, Sherlock is tempted to not betray his whereabouts to John because he’s still angry with him for abandoning him for The Woman. Then he scolds himself a sentimental, jealous idiot and rises from the bench. “I’m here, John,” he calls softly.
Sherlock let out a long, shuddering sigh that shook his entire body. “John,” he breathed, his voice full of awe. John felt him swallow convulsively, and wished he could see his expression. Sherlock seemed overcome with emotion, his body still and tense, he hand resting unmovingly over John’s crotch. For a brief instance John wondered with a stab of embarrassment if perhaps Sherlock might be put off by the wet stain on his pyjama bottoms where precome had begun to leak through the fabric, but then he recalled that this was the man who happily stored severed thumbs in their fridge and microwaved human eyeballs, and who’d wade through London’s sewers to look for evidence. Sherlock might be many things, but he certainly wasn’t squeamish when it came to bodily fluids, despite referring to ejaculate as messy, and to blow-jobs as unhygienic. Suppressing another giggle which he was sure would have further irritated Sherlock, he quietly asked, “All right?” instead.
detective. It is my job. And I’m very good at what I do. But the investigation, interesting though it doubtlessly is, was not the only reason. Once the idea had been sufficiently ... sold to me, and I had started to train in earnest, I realised I wanted to ride the Tour one more time.”
“Whasso funny?” he mutters, his voice deep and rough from sleep. “I can literally hear you thinking.”
Sherlock frowned. “You know I can blend in perfectly if I have to.” He gazed around as if searching for something.
Aware that most likely his friend was able to observe each and every one of these thoughts flicking across his face, John felt his heartbeat accelerate. Sherlock, too, was breathing more rapidly, his mouth slightly open.
“He will be visiting Bletchley Park to monitor the work there, and to decide whether the demands for greater funds are justified and should be granted,” goes on Mycroft, not rising to the bait. “Hence my belief that your intervention with the Lorenz Cipher could not have come at a better time.”
“Sometimes I think about problems that arose at work, codes I haven’t deciphered, cribs I could have tried. Sometimes I think about an experiment, or a piece of music. Occasionally, I compose. That usually works better than the other things, which tend to be distracting, sometimes to a point I can cease the activity because the problem has dissolved of its own and the bothersome erection is gone. I find it tedious, having to resort to masturbation only to get rid of misplaced arousal.”
The main group attempts to reel him in, but only half-heartedly. No organised chase can be established because accidents begin to amount. As soon as the peloton leaves the mostly flat landscape surrounding Chablis with its fields and vineyards and small villages and begins its ascent into the hills of the Morvan, roads become narrower, their surfaces rougher and more challenging. For some reason, the organisers of the Tour de France decided to stay away from the broad, well maintained
Biting his lip, he gave John an apologetic glance. “I take it you had other plans?” he asked tentatively, some colour rising to his cheeks.
She nods. “Who’d have thought. Our Jenny. But then, I think it’s good that he acknowledges what these girls her are doing, that they’re working so hard. It’s only right and proper. Oh, have some more tea, Mr. Charlie. And you too, Mr. ...”
He needn’t have worried, however. Suddenly, he feels John’s leg brush his under the table, and one of his hands steal over to his as they rest in his lap. John’s fingers brush his, and he smiles involuntarily, his heart leaping. Immediately after, he tries to hide his joy. This is interesting, observing himself in love, doing couply things. Alas! In the past, he reviled public displays of affection whenever he witnessed them. To suddenly take active part in them is novel, exciting and embarrassing all at once.
he thinks, and grins at his tousled reflection in the mirror with the pillow-print on one cheek, surprised once more at the unexpected turn of events that makes him consider how his breath smells in the morning because kissing a romantic partner has become an option.
“The saddle of your time trialling bike. It’s too low. The position puts too much stress on your knees, thus aggravating your old injury and causing premature fatigue. Two centimetres should do the trick. You should consider raising the aerobars by that amount as well, so as not to trouble your shoulder, although for tomorrow’s short prologue it should be fine as it is.”
“Food on the table and the odd luxury item, mostly. And the introductions to potential employers or ... patrons.”
Sherlock spins round to him. “Yes, yes, of course. He couldn’t have used actual shorthand, obviously, but to save time and effort, he very likely abbreviated common words and expressions. It’s a frequent thing in the naval weather reports we work on, and often occurs in other missives, too. And if it’s true what the women who intercepted this particular operator’s messages say about him – which I don’t doubt, they seemed to be able to judge his character well from his typing alone, good feat of observation and deduction, that – he was either untrained or lazy, like Dr. Watson just said. So either way, he would have tried to save time and effort wherever he could.”
“What is the problem, then?” John wants to know, his curiosity sparked by the rare glimpse into the inner workings of Sherlock’s mind.
“Jesus, we look like utter dolts, don’t we?” remarks John about three quarters of an hour later when, freshly attired in their undercover outfits, Sherlock and he are wheeling their E-bikes out of one of the hotel’s back doors. Sherlock beams at him, his mirth partly obscured by his helmet and sunglasses. Sherlock has tied a skull-patterned scarf over his nose and mouth, and another one over his hair, the ends of which are peeking out from under his helmet.
Sherlock shifted in his seat at the window to more fully turn to John. His eyes narrowed slightly as he studied him. “You’re addicted to danger, and you’re dangerous yourself. You can be very cold and ruthless when something or someone important to you is threatened, which sometimes makes you at odds with your strong moral code. You adhere to rules most of the time, but you’re ready to break them at any given instance if circumstances or your conscience require it. You dress plainly and ordinarily, even now with your tartan shirt and jeans, your standard haircut, yet there are so many minute details about you that scream ‘danger’, from the way you move and carry yourself, how you checked out the carriage before we entered, to your tanlines.”
John laughs roughly. “Says the man who’s almost died several times because of his so-called best friend, who’s been on and off drugs repeatedly, who can barely feed himself and leads a dangerous, often irresponsible life. I’m not sure your judgement is very reliable in that regard.”
Sherlock nods thoughtfully. For some reason, he isn’t suprised by the news about the vanished messages. He’s almost expected to hear that someone had been tampering with them. “And you are sure that ‘Dotty’ was referring to more than one message?”
As they leave the town of Hay proper, John shakes his head with a grin when they pass a sign welcoming them back into England, after having crossed into Wales some ten miles before reaching Hay. “So, Hay’s in Wales, and we’re in Blighty again, even though Cusop belongs to Hay? Interesting. Guess this was a much contested area in the past.”
Unfortunately, the very landscape they are driving through now is bound to stir up memories of his last stay here. Having reached the outskirts of Washington, Sherlock tells John turn right behind the recreation ground and to follow a narrow road through the village proper towards its small church. The place hasn’t changed much in twenty-nine years, Sherlock finds. Some of the larger trees have gone, and those that were small then have grown. Houses have been modernised with car-ports and satellite dishes, the cars in front of them look different. But all in all, Washington retains the sleepy quaintness it bored Sherlock with almost thirty years ago.
The other woman looks older and more frail, and not as used to physical labour as her neighbour. She is dressed more daintily, too, wearing a Fair Isle cardigan over her skirt and blouse, thin stockings and shoes that are more suited for in- than outdoors
“I think Johnny here is worst off. That arm of his.” She points at the boy of ten or eleven who sits on the ground, leaning against her legs, his face pale, dirt on his cheeks, his hair dishevelled and his shirt torn. His knees are skinned, some blood trickling down one shin, and he seems to have lost a shoe, probably when the blast of the explosion knocked him off his feet. His expression, however, is defiant, as if he’s struggling to hold back tears.
He walks over. “Pink,” he announces with a satisfied smile as carefully he picks them off the plant. “Not Molly’s. She was wearing a green jacket over her flowery blouse this morning.”
Of course, his current body is only thirty-three years old. It has weathered extensive drug abuse but hasn’t been shot and tortured yet. Running his hand over his chest where the scar from Mary’s bullet used to be, he thinks he can still feel the pain that would strike occasionally. He isn’t sure whether it was a physical or a psychosomatic ache. If the latter, it would make sense that it’s going to continue to bother him, even if the actual wound has disappeared.
“How long do you intend to stay?” John wants to know. “I had a look at the timetable at the station, and the last train back to London leaves at around seven. Given that it’s already half past four, unless we find the station right away and what we’re looking for in their archives really quickly, it’s going to be a close-run thing. And considering your injuries, I’m not sure if travelling all the way back to Bletchley would be a wise decision. You need some rest, and so do I. I don’t fancy legging it back to the station in a hurry. I bet we walked more than two miles to get here.”
Sherlock racks his brain, trying to remember what he’s read about the place. As he sorts through another pile of upended shelves and fallen masonry in his mind palace, scraps of data surface, like precious minerals in a rubble heap. Opened in 1906 and closed in 1934, the station became obsolete because of nearby South Kensington and Knightsbridge Stations. Used by some Anti-Aircraft Brigade during the Second World War. Most of the buildings above ground facing Brompton Road were demolished in the 1970s, apart from the side entrance on Cottage Place. Red tiles ... Sherlock remembers standing in front of it, looking for a way in. According to his research, the station remained property of the MoD until it was sold to a private investor a few years ago, who was later revealed as a Ukrainian businessman. Dmitry something ... wants to turn the place into luxury flats but something went wrong ... Sherlock remembers feeling a frisson of interest at finding this out. Something about it rang a bell. Did he check with his brother, pestering him for more – classified – information? No, he didn’t, he remembers. He wanted to, but something distracted him. Something happened while he was sniffing round Cottage Place that ...
Absently answering the reporters’ questions, John keeps an eye on the screens where scenes from the stage are being replayed, together with live feeds of the awards ceremonies and the latest developments in the various classifications. Seeing the God of Thunder up on the podium, delighted by his stage win like a child at Christmas, he feels his heart swell with sympathy. While winning this stage would have been great, John doesn’t rue the fact he didn’t. He looks forward to the party, especially because Søren made sure to invite him and Sherlock personally. He hopes Sherlock will actually attend and vows to do his utmost to drag him down to the bar in the evening.
The surgery got swamped after that, meaning John didn’t have time to pester Sherlock for updates. Heat-strokes, severe sunburns, a number of cases of dehydration or intoxication (it being Friday), and two allergic reactions to wasp stings kept him more than busy. Originally, John had been looking forward to a quiet evening at home, preferably with Sherlock around. Some mild casework would have been nice, too. The disappeared museum person was just the right kind. A ‘six’ according to Sherlock but with potential to climb on his open-ended scale of case classification. John would have enjoyed some not too stressful investigation, perhaps with a brief stop at a restaurant to pester Sherlock into eating something healthy for a change.
With a last glance at the mirror, he turns off the light in the bathroom and makes his way over to his room, still no clear plan in mind. The door is slightly ajar, so he pushes it open. He is greeted by the sight of John sitting in his bed with his back propped up against the headboard, one of Sherlock’s books on his lap (
Dimly, he remembers the kiss he shared with Victor. Due to the reset the memory feels vague and unreal, as though it belongs to somebody else. But Sherlock knows he enjoyed it because at that time, he trusted and liked Victor. He trusts and more than likes John. And he
“Piss off,” returns John, smiling fondly. “Things will change soon when you’re not in yellow any more and I’m team captain again. Then you can play
They have reached a gate in a low brick wall that is guarded by two soldiers. They look rather bored, smoking and chatting, but stand up straight when John and Sherlock approach. Sherlock hands them their papers and the letter from Tiltman.
Carefully, John spreads the cream over the damaged joint, before wrapping the wrist and hand to limit the thumb’s movement and to steady it. He leaves to wash his hands in the kitchen and returns with an ice pack wrapped in a tea-towel. “Rest your hand on that. Might help with the swelling. How’s the pain?”
John doesn’t feel ‘the best’ when he lurches over the top. At least some of the bleak despair he felt at the foot of Haut-Folin has evaporated. He has eaten all of Sherlock’s honey bar by now and feels it has helped re-energise him. Perhaps he is imagining its effect, perhaps most of it is psychological, but he doesn’t care. Somehow, miraculously, it helped. He managed to keep up with the
Tiffany thinks for a moment, then nods. “Yes. I think I know which picture you mean. There’s also Roland on it.”
“I’m not sure I ever knew him,” is Sherlock’s immediate reaction. He thinks for a moment. “Yes, I think he was truthful,” he ventures, “at least in what he told us. He may have omitted a few facts for his and his team’s convenience. It would have been easy to state his name in the
Once he’s done and has refreshed himself a little, he lingers near the finish with good view of one of the large screens. Mike is keeping him company. The last rider of their team is about to start. John is more than curious how well Sherlock is going to do, especially after his daring announcement that he’s going to win the stage.
“Oh yes. Remarkable woman, one wouldn’t want to cross her. As soon as she learned that her two boys had been involved in some mischief, she put massive pressure on them to cooperate with the police. Which they did.”
“Why not?” asked John, frowning at him in mild disappointment until he saw the mischievous twinkle in Sherlock’s eyes.
Wiggins shakes his head. “I’ll head down again immediately. Better avoid being seen around you chaps all the time. Also, I have to make a phone-call, I guess.” He waves the paper.
“I am simply being realistic. Often these dramas play out in close-knit families. And you and your wife have a lot at stake, and a lot to account for.”
“And I did pay attention,” continued John. “I even asked a couple of questions. It’s just ... you’re enjoying this, aren’t you? You tend to moan and complain about being out of London and in the wild countryside, but secretly you love it. Same goes for this case. It’s hardly complex, barely a three or four, and yet you revel in it, in the horses, the surroundings, even the people. Don’t deny it, it’s obvious you do. And I think that’s brilliant. We should do this more often, get out of London, I mean.”
Sherlock huffs impatiently. “I thought you’d be more excited about this,” he says, speaking urgently. “We need to be mobile tomorrow, and we need to stay as inconspicuous as possible, which, as Soo Lin pointed out correctly, isn’t easy given how recognisable we are. What would be better than to disguise as a couple of silly-looking tourists? The mountain-bikes will afford us the luxury of getting quickly from one part of Tignes to the next – even cross-country, if required. And the fact that they’re electric will prevent us from getting too fatigued during our rest day and will also add another layer of disguise. Think about it, John. You, a former professional mountain-biker, riding an E-bike. Nobody knowing you would even consider the idea. And nobody knowing me would ever think I’d voluntarily wear the outfit I’ve picked for us.”
Where are you? he texted, scowling at the lonely reception bar. Who knew whether Sherlock had any reception, wherever he was.
Sherlock’s chin jerked up and his eyes narrowed in indignation, even hurt. “No,” he returned with a touch of sharpness. “It turned out
With a sigh, he powered down the computer and put it aside. “I’m off to bed, Sherlock,” he announced. There was no reaction from the other who was still engrossed in his music. “I don’t have to work tomorrow,” John added, in the full knowledge that even if he had heard him, Sherlock was unlikely to understand the hinted suggestion and invitation. Drawing a deep breath, John picked up his teacup and carried it into the kitchen. Returning to the glass door, he gazed at his friend’s lithe frame swaying slightly in tune with his music. “Good night, Sherlock,” John said, receiving a low hum as a reply.
John laughs softly. “Yes, they did. I bet it was Mrs. Hudson suggesting it with Lestrade happily agreeing. You helped me, too, Sherlock. Without you, I’d be looking at the impending end of my pro-career with far more dread than I feel now. I’m still sad that on Monday, it’s gonna be over. But I have things now to look forward to.”
Sherlock looks at her sharply. This is getting intolerable. First Molly and now Jeannine, a virtual stranger. Is he really this transparent to read. Damn it, he must be more careful.
At one point, John stops eating and simply watches him enjoying his food, delighted by the small sounds of contentment Sherlock makes.
“Yes, this seems to be the easiest explanation. However, it appears to me that neither Miss Hooper nor Mr. Holmes here are entirely convinced by it, isn’t that so, Mr. Holmes?”
Finally, an update! A big thank you for everybody who is still following and supporting this story. After some time-consuming RL issues and another story,
“Lord Sebastian Moran, I am arresting you for allegations of treason, and for assaulting two gentlemen associated with the Metropolitan Police. I would advise you to accompany us quietly, otherwise you risk bringing even more charges onto yourself.”
Sherlock nods, looking thoughtful and not altogether displeased about this unforeseen development, possibly because he is seeing Wiggins as a potential informant – or because he is happy about the disruption of Moriarty’s grand scheme.
“As an adversary, yes – and wasn’t she a worthy one? She certainly kept me on my toes. Never as an object of desire, though – neither she for me nor I for her. She is a lesbian, John, remember? Men are just business for her.”
At this, John’s expression darkens. “Yes, I did. I take it you didn’t just spend one night there.” His voice and eyes are hard now, disapproving.
Sherlock doesn’t wait until the train has left the station. He slinks outside, ignoring the complaints of the station master about his failure to buy a platform ticket. He picks up his bicycle. He stands for a while, listening of the puff of the locomotive as it accelerates. Then he takes a deep breath. It’s still early, but the thought of returning to his lodgings, to the empty bed and the knowledge of the empty room next to his own fills him with dread. Work it is, then. His shift doesn’t start before four in the afternoon, but he knows that if he doesn’t find something to distract himself with, he’ll explode. He mounts his bicycle, and pushes off in the direction of the Park.
“Oh, in that case ... erm ... I’ve never ridden one of these. Do I have to do anything special to get this thing running?”
it slows even more. Everybody is careful, even mindful of the other riders, meaning that the first cobble-stone passages are crossed without incident. As expected, they’re a dust-fest, leaving those  riders near the end of the peloton coughing and retching and asking for extra water bottles. The usual flat tyres or damaged spokes occur which convey riders to the verges of the
He makes no move to stay in the hall where the band is playing a fast piece that has most of the audience dancing passionately, skirts flying up and girls being tossed into the air. Seb barely gives them a glance as he ploughs through their ranks towards the door. He does, however, look out for The Woman, slowing down briefly when he spots her at the bar, standing close to John with a hand on his shoulder, laughing at something he said. Sherlock feels the familiar stab of jealousy, albeit less strongly now, particularly as he recognises Lestrade hovering nearby, apparently ready to join the couple and ask the mysterious (and feisty) Miss Adler a few questions. As much as he’d like to be involved in her questioning, at least as a spectator, Sherlock feels that in this he has to trust the doctor and the Detective Inspector, and rely on their notes and recollections afterwards, because something tells him that it’s more important for now to not let Seb out of his sight.
John gives him a lopsided smile. “Me falling in love this quickly and this thoroughly,” he says plainly.
John chuckled. “Not on gay sex. I’m as much a beginner here as you are. So ... don’t know. What do you enjoy when you touch yourself?”
Until John himself had come along, that was. He felt warmth spread through him, laced with guilt, however. Sherlock had admitted that he’d felt attracted to John almost right from the start of their acquaintance. He’d never acted on it, however, unless one counted the covert glances, the constant revolving around John, the not so subtle jealousy whenever John had introduced another girlfriend, the attempts at sabotaging John’s love-life. And John hadn’t realised the true reason because he had been battling his own growing attraction to the impossible man, his own hetero-normative prejudice, the fact that he had never felt more alive than when around Sherlock Holmes. God, poor Sherlock. It must have seemed to him like Victor Trevor all over again: the insistence on John not being gay, them not being a couple, the frequent girlfriends, the constant, growing yet never expressed devotion to the other.
Wilcox has disappeared from his side because a waiter has arrived at their table to bring a new bottle of Champagne, another of water, and water-glasses. Bracing himself against the pain in his leg, Sherlock weaves his way through the tables towards the stairs, walking as quickly as he can. Down the broad staircase and across the dance-floor he rushes, checking himself in the middle of it. John is already at the toilets. If he remembers their layout correctly, there’s no door leading outside anywhere near them. Did she really go there? Where else would she go to slip out quietly?
John chuckles. “You really need looking after, don’t you? Had he hurt you more than he did, I really would have blown his balls off.”
“Still, why would she want to walk at all? Supposing she came in the car, why not drop her off at her accommodation? Why here?”
She doesn’t trust him. She is also clever. After watching John and her mother help her father stand and escort him out of the room, probably to bring him to the bathroom or his bedroom, she walks over to the kitchen island and draws up a stool. Sherlock joins her, waiting for her to talk. She fiddles with her mobile phone for a moment, pretending to check for messages, before huffing exasperatedly and beginning to speak.
“Because adults complicate things,” burst in Emma. “they ask too many questions.” She glared at Sherlock. “We weren’t going to keep Ælfi here forever, just for a few days to figure out what to do. We just wanted to keep her safe.”
More laughter. Someone knocks against the door before the group withdraws. “Wanna go outside and ride BMX?” asks one of the neighbour boys, Ben or Tim or something.
“I missed you, John,” he admits, his voice quivering slightly. John inclines his head, and reaches out to embrace him again. “And I you. Every moment during those six months, I was so worried that you’d hate me after not hearing from me for so long, that you’d decided to ...,” he swallows, “you know ... move on.”
is still over two minutes behind. Ricoletti is visibly fuming. He is going to lose his yellow jersey to Moriarty. John spots him riding next to one of the official red Tour cars in agitated conversation with a
Running a hand over his throat, Sherlock recalls the dreadful feeling of suffocating, of his body shutting down. John’s desperate voice rings in his ears. Hope’s poison is a nasty one. It’s a horrible, painful way to die.
Lestrade still looks troubled. “What I would like to know, though, is where they got that photo from,” he muses. “It doesn’t look Photoshopped, apart from the colours, perhaps.”
John’s eyes light up at the latter part of the statement. “Do you think she was involved in some kind of scheme? Espionage or something?” Taking in his expression, his barely concealed excitement, Sherlock scarcely manages to suppress a smile. He recognises the feeling, oh indeed he does. The same kind of excitement is coursing through his veins.
The dog man shifts the cap on his head and scratches his forehead. “Police said she won’t get into trouble for it,” he says thoughtfully.
Lestrade studies the two of them with a slightly bemused expression. “Oh really? And what alternative plans do you two gentlemen have?”
“What has he done now, John?” Mycroft sounds tired and somewhat exasperated. If he’s alarmed or worried by the early call, he doesn’t let it show.
John doesn’t smile. He shakes his head instead. “Not of this kind. If anyone finds out, we could end up in prison. And there are worse things. Attempts at ... curing people like us.” He sneers the word ‘curing’, his face bearing an expression of utter contempt.
“I spent the rest of the evening on Díaz’s yacht, and part of the night swimming back to the shore and then as a captive of Balandin’s idiot henchmen until I managed to escape.”
He bursts out laughing. “Of course, they were. Don’t be silly. She totally made them up to take revenge for my lying to her. We never went beyond kissing – to her regret, apparently.”
Hurray, an update. A big thank you to everybody who still follows this story, and apologies for keeping you waiting so long. I hope to wrap up this fic fairly quickly now, RL permitting. There should be another two or three chapters after this one. A heartfelt thanks again to my brilliant beta, rifleman_s.
“The sensible thing. Run, fast and far.” He did not say it out loud, but John thought he could hear the added
Their room, named after some local racehorse like all the rooms in the house, is fairly large and airy, furnished tastefully in cream and blue shades in a country-house style with some pieces of antique furniture dating back as far as the 18th century. The most striking feature is a four-poster bed complete with white hangings printed with a blue floral pattern.
“Ah, okay, sorry again. It’s just … you remember I was analysing stomach samples for a friend today and … well, something strange has come up. Something interesting. Might even turn out to be a case. Murder. Double murder, and an attempted one, too.”
The kilometre or two that follow are hard work. Moran’s pace is relentless. He even manages to up his speed when once more, the gradient rises past twelve percent. It’s only a short ramp of about a hundred metres, but it’s enough to cause Trevor a spot of trouble. He manages to struggle back, but the fight clearly cost him. John wonders if he’ll be able to maintain this pace until they reach the pass. Then again, the yellow jersey is known for giving riders that extra bit of motivation to overcome adversity and to push far beyond what they thought they could endure.
“I’m getting a place in London – hopefully we’ll be able afford that. It’ll probably be a cellar or an attic somewhere at the current rents.”
“I heard a motorcar last night, though,” says Sally, “and saw a pair of headlights while I was getting ready for work. You were already abed, then, Mrs. Suffield, and Molly, too. I knocked on her door shortly before ten because I wanted to ask her for some lipstick. She hardly uses hers. But she must have been already asleep then because she didn’t answer. She hadn’t been feeling well with a headache and had turned in early. I knew Jenny was out, and also she only has those bright pink shades of lipstick which don’t suit me. So I went without. Just as I was on my way out of the village, I heard the car again and saw the lights through the houses behind me. It must have been on the road from Drayton because it was going in the same direction as I, and I was cycling along Bletchley Road northwards. They must have turned right into Whaddon Road at the church because they didn’t overtake me.”
The kiss is different from the ones they shared in the other timeline. There’s less desperation, less passion, even, but certainly more emotion. At least that’s how Sherlock attempts to classify it before his mind goes blissfully blank and he gets lost in the sensation of John’s lips and tongue and the tingle his fingers ignite on Sherlock’s scalp when they slide into his curls. They kiss for a long time, unhurriedly, learning about the other’s preferences and enjoying the proximity. When John’s left hand begins to wander, caressing Sherlock’s ear and sliding further down along his neck, Sherlock catches it with his own and places it on his collar-bone – and thus at a safe distance of the mole. John understands and chuckles softly into their kiss, slips his hand round Sherlock’s shoulder to draw him closer.
Sherlock swallowed hard, ducking his face for a moment as if to hide his expression from John. Having regained his composure, he raised his eyes to John’s face again. “I saw you chase after the leader, but then you got swallowed up by the bushes and I couldn’t see you anymore,” he explained, words rushing from his mouth in a quick cascade, like usual when he was excited – or worried.
“Stop standing there gaping and help me with my bags,” he barks towards John, eschewing a greeting. “These elevators are too small for the bike, meaning I had to use the stairs. Lots of them.”
Sherlock makes a face. He takes the toothbrush out of his mouth and says carefully so as not to spray John with toothpaste, “Tempting, but no longer an option.”
“She was a nice girl,” recalls Mrs. Suffield. “Not as tidy as Molly or Sally, as I was saying, but always cheerful, even when she was tired. But I recall that during the past weeks she seemed a bit subdued, as if there was something troubling her. They seem to be driving the girls really hard where they work. I mentioned that to Jenny, and she agreed the work was hard, and also that they were sorely understaffed. I’d noticed her falling asleep in the armchair while we were down in the sitting room and listening to some music on the wireless. They play
John shakes his head and smiles fondly. “You codebreakers need looking after like toddlers,” he comments. “One begins to doubt you can tie your own shoe-laces.”
“Get it over with?” John felt his eyebrows touch his hairline, before joining each other above his nose in a frown. “Sherlock, this shouldn’t be a chore, but a pleasure.”
“Yes, but that was quite interesting already,” she replied, speaking with a heavy Yorkshire accent. “I’ve heard stories, though.”
John understood. “Shit. You think the kids saw them, came across them while riding here, and the men knew where they’re from and put pressure on them to shut them up?”
Even though the stage has two intermediate sprints – one at Mauléon-Licharre before the first ascent and one before the final climb of the day to Col d’Aubisque – and the battle for the green jersey is still hot, none of those teams with sprinters increases speed when first a single rider and then a small group of five break away from the peloton. The stage is going to be tough enough for everybody and in particular for heavier cyclists such as the sprinters. Nobody is interested in wasting extra energy trying to reel in a few breakaways so early in the race. None of the riders now at
a favour by providing them with food Sherlock will eat even when he’s completely distracted by a case and oblivious to the world and his body’s needs. But anything catering to his sweet tooth can be placed where he is likely to find it, along with a cup of tea, and it’s going to be eaten eventually.
Sherlock ducks his head, biting his lip. “I have to thank you, John. Nobody else has ever ...” An idea strikes him. Quickly, he sits up, and picking two stalks of grass, he winds them into ring-like shapes. John’s eyes widen when he sees them. “Oh, you impossible, ridiculous, brilliant man,” he breathes. Sherlock thinks he is fighting back tears, because John’s eyes have begun to shine wetly, and his voice is choking. Sherlock hands one of the rings to John.
or has a bad day. On some of the steeper ramps of the climb, John began to struggle, but managed to return to a spot behind Sherlock once the gradient evened out. The descent from Cormet de Roselend to Bourg-St-Maurice into the valley of the Isère is long and tricky. The road’s condition leaves much to be desired. Its surface is rough and withered, with sand and gravel accumulating on the inside of bends. The margins are crumbling which makes them especially dangerous should anybody attempt to take a curve with too much speed. Particularly around the hamlet of Crêt Bettex several sharp serpentine bends must be navigated – a perilous undertaking in a large group. John looks forward to the ride, though. He loves technical descents but knows that his best chance to avoid getting caught in the almost inevitable crash of less skilled or more irresponsibly daring riders is to stay at or close to the head of the peloton.
are carnage whatever the weather, but they get impossibly more dangerous when they’re wet. Most riders use special bikes with heavier frames for cobblestone stages, and tyres with deeper profiles and less air pressure than usual to ensure better grip and less vibration. Nevertheless there are lots of accidents on the
“I ... I’ve never looked at it this way, but basically, yes. Although one never knows if it’s going to work, nor where and particularly when I’ll be reset to. And you may not remember. You didn’t in the past – although what you described just now were events from two different alternative timelines. You recalled snatches from both, which is extraordinary.”
John laughs, before sobering up and looking at Sherlock gravely. “I mean that when I clapped eyes on you, I thought you were the most beautiful man I’d ever seen. You looked like a work of art."
Over his shoulder, John looks up at Sherlock who has stood by feeling a little helpless and out of place while at the same time relishing the chance to see Doctor Watson in action, and admiring every moment of John’s quiet confidence and the easy rapport he has established with his young and troubled patient.
The two addressed exchange a glance. John bites his lip. “I hit Hope with that chair leg, but only to incapacitate and disarm him.”
“Yeah, the texts were from James,” admits John. “I hadn’t heard from him since he crashed. And for him to write to me now ... it’s odd.”
“Well spotted, Dr. Watson,” says Sherlock as he lowers himself to the mattress, artfully draping the towel over John’s head. John giggles and pulls it off, grinning at Sherlock, his eyes sparkling with mischief.
“Gosh, look at that rear wheel. It’s completely bent out of shape,” said John, watching with a mixture of fascination and horror as the rider’s bike was exchanged and he sped off again. The cameras showed a close up of the trashed remains of the broken machine. Then John recalled Sherlock’s exact words.
John swallows, obviously surprised by the question. He licks his lip, but then lets out a breath almost like a sigh. “I’ll wait for you downstairs.”
“Oh, is that what you’d like to do? Devour me?” John lowers his voice suggestively, gazing up at Sherlock through his lashes, all smooth, seductive confidence with a hint of mischief.
Sherlock gave a nod. “According to Dimmock, he was found late this morning – or yesterday morning, rather, it being past midnight now. One of the other traders found him when they were tidying up for that day. Usually, the flower market opens very early in the morning, with retailers and traders setting up shop over night when deliveries come in – much like Smithfield Market, really –, and business winds down at about nine or ten in the morning. He was found around that time, but according to the preliminary estimation of the forensic consultant at the scene, he had been dead for at least three hours."
“Sorry to disturb you,” John says, taking in Sherlock’s room and the memorabilia spread out around him. He smiles softly. “You can have the bathroom now. The bath was lovely, but had I stayed any longer in the warm water, I would have fallen asleep. Also, I need your help again to apply a fresh bandage to my shoulder. Sorry to bother you with that, but ... it’s a bit tricky like this.” He holds up a first aid kit, then nods at Sherlock. “I’d like to have another look at your leg before we turn in, too, but you should have a wash first. Be careful should you decide to have a shower. Better not get any water onto the wound. Will you need help with undressing?”
John’s hands begin to wander, pull Sherlock closer to him and Sherlock follows willingly. As he explores John’s mouth with his own tongue, trying to copy what the other has been doing to such devastatingly brilliant effect, a small voice in his mind pipes up.
He chances a glance at John who is watching him with a grave expression. “Sometimes, it can be difficult to define whether somebody returns your affections, you know. It’s like a code, most of the time.”
She shrugs, warily eyeing the police sergeant who is standing near the door with his notebook at the ready – apparently he is keeping an eye out for the return of his colleague. “Not as close as he would have liked. We went out a few times. He was interesting. Had many fascinating tales to tell, made generous gifts, that kind of thing. At first, it was fun.”
John nods and steps back. “All right, great. Fine. Just … er … feel at home, then. Well, you are at home. Make yourself comfortable, that’s what I mean.”
Wild excitement rushing through him, Sherlock draws a shaky breath. What to do now? Inform Lestrade to reel hat-man in for questioning? No, he can’t leave now. So far, Seb is just sitting in his car, but he might leave any moment. No, Sherlock needs to do something now. He bites his lip. Another cloud of smoke is issuing from the open window of the car. Seb has lit another cigarette. Sherlock cannot see him clearly because the car’s folding top is up. He seems to be waiting, perhaps considering to go in yet again, or else to pass some time to then drive to the front of the building to catch The Woman when she leaves. Well, there is no knowing when that is going to be the case.
Sherlock feels himself blush. “Not just the names ...,” he mutters, and John laughs. He pats the mattress next to him. “Come on, sit down, genius, and tell me about that case in the Lakes. The season might not be ideal for fell walking and hiking – snow is not unheard of up there at this time of year – but it would be great to get out of the city for a bit. Did us good last time, too, didn’t it?”
Slowing down and feeling the wave of adrenaline ebb slightly, he began to feel the cold which formerly he had neglected in his fascination with speed and danger. Despite the jacket, his chest and arms were chilled. The Tour de France graffiti on the road reminded him that the professional riders would often stuff
“Morning,” she greeted John softly round a warm smile. “Sorry for waking you, but I’ll be taking Emma to school in an hour, and I thought you may want to wash up, pack and have some breakfast.”
It does, but it’s bearable. It turns out that the suture itself has held, but that some blood has seeped through. John carefully cleans the wound. “I’ll apply a new bandage once you’re done in the shower. I don’t think you’ll need more stitches, unless you plan to run around a lot again tomorrow. I’d strongly advise against it.”
“Sloppy, clichéd writing, illogical, pointless story-twists that completely deviate from the source material, Hollywood-stereotyped characters that have nothing to do with their literary counterparts, wrong locations, too obvious special-effects … Do I have to go on?”
Sherlock shrugged and resumed his writing. “Perhaps I’ve rearranged my priorities when it comes to this particular case.”
“A little,” John admitted at length. “It helped me make up my mind about some things. But it didn’t alter the fact you were gone, and that … well … that I was missing you.”
Sarah smiles gently as she applies antibacterial cream to some of the deeper of John’s numerous scratches. “Yes, I can imagine. You’ve never really been one for deep commitment and all the emotional ballast of it.”
“Possibly. It seemed the most efficient route, though. But I can assure you, I’m not going to attempt it again, not in a situation I can’t control.”
“Yep. Usually, these ‘hauntings’ take place around midnight. We’ll have a quick look around the garden while it’s still light, then head back to our accommodation. The Tanners offered to make us dinner again. Unless you prefer to head back into town for food, I’d suggest we stay there, eat with them, rest up a bit, then head out at around 10:30 or 11:00 at night. It’s close enough to walk down here from our B&B.”
Sherlock draws himself up. John is still brandishing the chair leg with his left hand, looking quite ferocious with his tousled hair and glinting eyes, and very, very attractive. He hasn’t pulled his gun again, obviously convinced that it won’t be needed.
Sherlock follows the three men out of earshot of the hut. “Commander Denniston informed us about what happened and we have already viewed the body, which is currently being autopsied by the local coroner. We viewed the place where it was found. We have also spoken with Miss Hooper and escorted her back to her billet to question her landlord and landlady.”
Quickly, he disentangles himself from John and climbs onto the mattress, reaching out for the other to follow him, which John promptly does, lying down next to Sherlock and running a hand over his throat where the pulse is beating wildly to his flushed, heaving chest down to his ribs and flat belly. Sherlock is watching him keenly from dark eyes. His lips are parted, his breathing elevated. Goosebumps are rising in the wake of John’s fingers. He looks both fascinated and anxious. John lets his hand hover next to his belly button and the trail of hair that leads downwards from there. Sherlock’s head twitches in a nod, and when John’s hand slides lower to touch his pubic hair, he casts his head back with a groan and throws an arm over his eyes, turning his face away.
John grins happily. “I can live with that.” His expression sobers to an almost pensive one as he looks up at Sherlock. “You haven’t changed your mind, have you? About ... us?”
He sits up straighter, closes the pen, and fixes Watson with a seemingly bored but in fact very keen gaze.
John gave him a surprised look which almost immediately turned into a grateful smile. For an instant he had felt compelled to refuse out of some twisted sense of … whatever. But in truth he was touched by Sherlock’s thoughtfulness. When had this caring side of Sherlock’s emerged? But then, likely it had always been there, but had lain dormant and suppressed for years, decades, even.
“Oh,” soothed John, “don’t be like that. I think it’s kinda touching and also very like you to pick the most unusual name from the lot. Does Mycroft also have other names?”
“Not mine,” grumbles Daniel. “My Mum’s and his, I think. And he’s not just staying until tomorrow or the day after, what’s worse. My Aunt and Uncle went to America for some conference, I think, and they dropped him off here to stay with us for the entire time. He’s going to be around for two weeks at least, can you imagine? Guess his parents didn’t want him on their holiday, either, stupid freak that he is. Here, put the chair in front of the doors so he can’t get out even if he manages to open the lock and bolts from the inside.”
“Fine,” agreed Sherlock, his voice calm. John saw him swallow, though, betraying his anxiety. He remembered that despite the playfulness of the situation, Sherlock was still cautious about letting himself be touched, unaccustomed as he was to physical intimacy and obviously daunted by the prospect of entering into a situation where emotions, and, worse, basic needs might overwhelm his rational mind. That he was playing along like this indicated to John that he was not averse to it, and moreover that he trusted his friend. Therefore, John reminded himself sternly not to let himself get carried away and so damage or even destroy the tentative bond that had begun to develop between them.
Brompton Road Station. Is this where he is now? Sherlock wishes he had his phone with him to research the station again since whatever he memorised of his previous research appears to be compromised by the recent blow to his head. Then he reminds himself that there are more pressing matters to attend to, such as getting out of here. Moreover, depending how deep underground he is there wouldn’t be any mobile reception, anyway.
John’s sharp intake of breath and subsequent grave nod confirm his disappointment and worry. Raising his eyes to Sherlock’s, he asks, ”Why?”
me,” he says, hoping he sounds gentle, that Molly understands what he’s implying and that he won’t have to spell it out more clearly.
“He was shifting uncomfortably during the team presentation, and flinched slightly when one of his teammates clapped him on the shoulder, which indicates waxing at too high a temperate causing skin irritation, even minor burns. Moreover, I happen to remember a video of him from last year before he subjected himself to this strict beauty regime. During a mountain stage he had opened his jersey, and looked rather like that Kelme rider years ago, the one who could have been mistaken for a grizzly.”
The laughter died on John’s lips at his friend’s matter of fact expression. “God,” he groaned, running a hand through his hair, “you really did, didn’t you? Didn’t know there are sites that offer this kind of advice, but then I bet there are sites for everything.”
“Bad news?” Sherlock’s quiet voice pulls John out of his own head. He starts, almost drops his phone. Sherlock has brushed his teeth, shaved and attempted to tame his hair. He is gazing at John expectantly with a measure of wariness. John wonders what he looked like, lost in memories, some of them pleasant and some laced with guilt and frustration.
Sherlock looked startled, obviously not having reckoned with being involved in a conversation. “I simply observe. Some things like the choir rehearsal were obvious as your sister keeps a flyer in the pocket of her coat. Her fascination with Arsenal can be seen in the traces of pen on her arm where she wrote the names of her favourite players and drew the club’s logo. You both wear standardised shoes, expensive ones, which indicate they belong to some kind of uniform, a school’s, most likely. The rest of your clothes is quite expensive, too. Your scarf is part of a school uniform, too, the embroidered logo telling me you attend South Hampstead High School, a local all girls private institution.”
John must have felt Sherlock’s gaze on him because he turns and smiles wryly. “Almost done. Not sure I entirely trust this towel, though. What did you do to it? Those yellow stains ...”
Sherlock fixes Lestrade with a sharp, penetrating gaze. “Oh, I do,” he says softly, his voice a dark, dangerous rumble. Goosebumps rise on John’s bare arms. “I do want to know, and I will find out. But I need to do so on my own, you understand? You know why I’m here, Lestrade. What I’m working on. You know I have certain ... connections and resources at my disposal I may be loathe to use, but which I will employ ruthlessly when the need arises. As it does now, as I’m sure we’re in accord. I will include finding the source of these rumours in my investigation. And I want John to help.”
Shaking his head about Kit’s youthful enthusiasm, John chooses the outfit to wear later, and begins to unbutton his shirt. His heart feels heavy of a sudden. A strange anxiety that has nothing to do with being nervous about stepping out in front of the press is taking hold of him. It’s good to be with the team again, his true family. And yet ... this year everything is so odd, so different. Too many changes and uncertainties, too much happening out of the usual. The secrecy, the last minute decisions are not how Greg Lestrade usually runs Team Speedy’s. He is all about transparency. But he, too, was shaken by Sholto’s crash. John knows he blames himself for it, as does chief technician Molly Hooper who still believes that it was a problem with the seatpost of James’ bike that contributed to the accident. John knows that ultimately, nobody but James is to blame. James, and John.
“Nothing happened – nothing you have to worry about. I managed to get out before it became ... unbearable. The car is locked, and the keys are gone. If you insist on being helpful, you could inform the police about the car and where it’s currently parked. Westminster council should be able to issue a hefty fine, and when they search it, they’ll probably find enough to convict the owner of dealing with Class-A drugs and other criminal activities.”
On the third of the smaller ascents of the day, Dimmock and a rider from German team Selters manage to break away successfully, quickly distancing themselves from the peloton. A group of
“‘Off the hook’, Mr. Holmes?” she teases. Sherlock doesn’t miss the glint of steel in her eyes. “I didn’t know you were fishing around.”
“Good.” Sherlock bites his lips as he extends his hand again to run his fingers over the front of John’s drawers, eliciting another twitch of his groin and jerk a of his hips.
Sherlock made a frustrated sound. “It’s vain, anyway, to dwell on what-ifs. Like what you mentioned before, you not stopping to talk to Mike Stamford that day in Russell Square.”
“Oh, right, perhaps you don't. Anyway, it wasn’t ... I mean, it was just kissing and a bit of groping and ... those things. No ... you know ...”
“So why was the bloke murdered, then? Couldn’t make a delivery quickly enough because of the delay? Fell in with the wrong crowd?”
She grips his shoulder and squeezes it gently. “Mike and I will get you ship-shape again, promise. Oh, and please apologise to Sherlock, okay?”
Taking a big gulp from his sparkling water to fortify himself, very slowly and carefully, he slips his right foot forward under the table, cursing the bulky, thick-soled boots he’s wearing instead of his usual shoes. John’s breath hitches when Sherlock’s questing foot touches his leg, the fork onto which he has speared a bite of their cheesecake and strudel dessert is trembling slightly. Very deliberately, Sherlock raises his eyes to John’s and holds his gaze. John swallows, lowers the fork, to then raise it again and eat the bite of dessert, licking his lips afterwards, his eyes straying to Sherlock’s mouth. Something warm and fuzzy swoops through Sherlock’s stomach area. He feels dizzy, his heart beating furiously. Gingerly, he moves his foot again, and John smiles at him. Sherlock feels his face split into an equally warm and happy smile.
“I was in the house, watching telly and helping her in the kitchen.” That last bit, at least, is true.
Sherlock chuckles, the sound reverberating in his chest. He squirms at John’s touch, grins as well. “It is. Your help is much appreciated.” He seems to have regained even more confidence, or he manages to hide his nervousness better. John is relieved the other is taking what must be altogether new territory for him in stride and moreover appears to be enjoying it.
award winning, and fair trade, too) he chose a box of chocolate covered sea creatures made from Belgian nougat. He didn’t know whether Sherlock liked them despite him having shown a proclivity for nougat in the past, or if he did whether he was in a mood to appreciate the gift. Generally Sherlock was not averse to sweets, and when he was very focused on a case and as usual neglecting to eat properly John had taken to leaving high calorie snacks in his immediate reach. Mysteriously, they tended to vanish over the course of the day. John hoped the nougat was going to meet with the same fate.
Soon after, Sherlock has dropped off. John watches him for a while. Sarah walks past, stops to regard them, smiles, and gives him the thumbs up. John grins at her and nods, before shifting his gaze to the window where the darkening countryside rushes past.
“You know what, forget it.” he groused. “Forget I suggested it. Stupid idea, anyway. Go back to mulling over your case, that’s what you do best. Only next time you get all jittery because I seem to be cycling a bit too fast, or when we have a picture taken you get all smarmy looking at me, or you see me in a towel and little else and virtually take that away with your eyes, do it more subtly, okay. Because like this, it’s bloody distracting.”
Quickly signing to the camera-team before they can mount their motorcycle again, he beckons them over. They have been filming him, but apparently none of their footage has been screened. Now, he steps right in front of the camera while trying to watch the broadcast at the same time. It’s still showing Sherlock in a small window of the screen, while the main screen is delegated to the events in the favourites’ group and the breakaways at
Buoyed by Greg’s word, John puts in even more effort. His lungs feel as though they’re on fire. He is beginning to feel sick and knows that he’s reached the absolute limit of his capabilities. Just round the next bend ... just ...
“Get a room, you two,” calls Dimmock, grinning good-naturedly. John blushes and flips him off, before kissing Sherlock in turn, finishing with a loud smack which makes everybody laugh and Sherlock blush in a delightful shade of pink. They pass the rest of the journey joking and giggling, the mirth wiping away what lingering worries and regrets John has been harbouring about the impending end of his cycling career and profound changes in his life.
John’s phone pings with a text. For a moment, he is tempted to grab it and throw it against the wall. He decides to ignore it until the next morning, curling up more tightly. Sherlock lies still and silent. John knows he should apologise. He shifts so he can look at Sherlock’s dark form, rolled into his thin blanket with his back to John. He draws a deep breath, clears his throat. “Listen, I’m sorry. Not sure why I’m so grumpy tonight. Also, if I’ve done or said something that made you want to avoid me this evening or in general, I apologise for that, too.”
The next train due for London is bound for Waterloo Station. They hurry on board and miraculously find a compartment empty but for a portly woman reading in
He ran a hand through his hair, finally leaning forward to set his empty mug onto the table. Below the window, a loud bang sounded rattling the panes, followed by laughter. Apparently some kids were practising for Guy Fawkes in two days. John had jumped slightly, cursing under his breath. He hated firecrackers, particularly when they went off like this, without him being prepared.
Reluctantly, John drew back, removed his hand from where it had rested lightly against Sherlock’s cheek and opened his eyes to gauge his friend’s (friend – did this term apply anymore after this?) reaction. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, a slight frown creasing his brow as slowly he ran his tongue over his lower lip. He looked thoughtful. John assumed he was dissecting, catalogising and inventarising the experience in order to decide whether he had enjoyed it or not. John fervently hoped the overall verdict would be in his favour. He for one had enjoyed it, despite stubble and awkwardness, and had no objections to a repeat.
Sherlock squeezes his hand. “Thank you, John. But perhaps we should wait until Paris before going altogether public. I don’t trust the recent tabloid goodwill towards us. I suspect the wolves lie in wait for the time trial. It’s their last opportunity to get at me. I’m in fifth place now. I don’t think tomorrow’s stage will mess with the general classification. It should be one for the sprinters. So everything rests on Saturday.”
Wrapping himself in a dressing gown, he moves into what’s left of the living room and sits down on the ugly sofa that’s going to stay here, firing up his laptop. Knowing he won’t be able to return to sleep, he might as well get some work done. Some potential clients have emailed him with their petty little cases. Sipping from his water, Sherlock clicks on the first message.
Sherlock shrugs again. He is weary of a sudden. This kind of talk is exhausting. This soul-baring, it’s hard work. But John is relentless. And perhaps it’s good that this finally happens. Perhaps they should have had this conversation a long time ago. Before Moriarty, before the Fall. Before Mary and Magnussen. Before everything went south.
Ah yes, Sherlock dimly recalls that in most billets, visits of the opposite gender are strongly discouraged so as to avoid indecent behaviour. Not that Mrs. Turner or Mrs. Hudson have ever had to worry on his behalf. In fact, there have been instances when they not so subtly hinted that they wouldn’t mind if he ‘got himself a gal’, culminating in him informing them rather gruffly that ‘gals’ were not exactly his area, (which, in hindsight, might have given them the wrong idea entirely but at least sufficed to shut them up for the time being). When will people understand that he isn’t looking for a relationship – of any kind?
“Does your friend have a funny name, too?” asked Lucy round a massive yawn, her small hand in her father’s large one.
Sherlock has lived on that diet for almost a year now. At first he went reluctantly and not entirely voluntarily, despite knowing that he was perfectly suited for the task. But at the time, the job he had invented for himself had finally begun to bear fruit. The first clients had called upon his services as a consulting detective, the only one in the world. Also, and more importantly, contacts to Scotland Yard had been established, promising cases more complicated and interesting than stolen jewellery and marital infidelity. He hadn’t known what to do with himself after reading chemistry at Cambridge, but his interest in crime and crime-solving soon sparked the idea of using his extraordinary skill at observation and deduction to aid the police, who really do need all the help they can get. He moved to London some five years ago, found himself a flat on Montague Street, acquired contacts, worked on some high-profile forgery cases and even the odd juicy murder.
“Do you?” asks John, his eyes and words sharp, and his question biting in its directness. Worry is etched into the lines around his eyes as he watches Sherlock, who recalls that at his flat, John went through his cupboards to look for tea and powdered milk. Could he have found something incriminating there? It’s been years since Sherlock has last injected cocaine, and most of his paraphernalia are long gone, or hidden away in that one box he has vowed never to touch again unless in greatest need.
Slowly, the other turned and retraced his steps to the side of John’s bed. He looked tense and cautious. John smiled and extended a hand to him. “I must warn you, though, I’m a little wet.” He indicated his t-shirt.
John holds up a hand. “It’s fine, Sherlock. I don’t expect anything from you. Well, apart from picking up your kit from the bathroom floor now and again. Next time I find your sweaty, creme-smeared cycling shorts in the shower I’m going to throw them at your head. I’m not that good with the friendship thing, either. I’m working on improving it, though, particularly the communication bit. So ... yeah ... I can assure you that I don’t have any ulterior motives concerning you. I like you and would be honoured if you considered me your friend. And I’m determined to defend you – or anybody else I like – from attacks, be they from the press or creepy family members.”
John is more than happy at having been able to stay with the leaders, but fears he’ll have to pay the price for today’s mountain adventure during tomorrow’s stage. The team is accommodated in a village not far from the ski resort of Le Grand-Bornand, today’s finish and tomorrow’s start. John stays on to wait for the rest of the riders to arrive. He watches Anderson receive the mountain jersey. He also tries to cheer up Kit.
John smiled after he had finished his deduction. “Brilliant, as usual. The bit with the water plants ... how on earth did you deduce this? Did he have spots of a particular fertiliser on his cuffs or something?”
“Of course. Oh, and Sherlock, John … I’m really happy for you two. As Sally said, it really was about time.”
“Sherlock, you’re at Katie’s, in Suffolk,” John told him calmly. “We’re here to investigate poisoned horses and a missing foal.”
John rubbed his eyes before propping himself on one elbow. “Yes. I didn’t expect to find you at the flat yesterday, nor, well, here, in my bed. It was good, though. A very pleasant surprise. Why didn’t you text or call me? I would’ve returned from the pub sooner.”
“Oh, nothing,” teases John, chuckling – which almost immediately turns into a gasp when Sherlock pulls him under water. They scuffle for a bit, dunking one another, winding and splashing, each trying to get the upper hand. John loves the feel of Sherlock’s strong but lithe body sliding against his. It’s exhilarating and sexy, exciting and arousing. He manages to back Sherlock up against one side of the pool and gets to his feet, pressing his body against the other’s, fixing him in place. Both are out of breath from their rough-housing. Sherlock’s hair is a mess, his chest is heaving. He gazes down at John with so much fondness that John can’t help himself. Reaching out and grabbing the back of his neck gently, he pulls Sherlock’s head down and kisses him, tasting chlorine and a hint of toothpaste. Sherlock responds immediately, with a fervour and enthusiasm that’s surprising in its intensity.
Harry nods while still looking a little doubtful. “They were just teasing, you know how they are,” he says in a low voice, nodding in the direction of their teammates. Sherlock, John sees when he follows Harry’s gaze, has found a seat next to Mrs. Hudson away from the rest and is digging into his food while reading something on his phone. John is relieved to see him eat with gusto after his small and insufficient breakfast the previous day. Apparently, he is taking nutrition more seriously now, after almost fainting from lack of it yesterday.
Sherlock turned the phone and studied the dragon, before swiping the display to look at more images. “Why is it called ‘Toothless’? It’s got teeth. This is the creature you dreamt about?”
“Yes, they did. Stuart and Linda Nayland were at the farm, however, to look after things and to do some renovating. They’re an elderly couple who live in a cottage about a mile away, across the road to Butley. They sometimes help out with things like apple harvest or hay-making, or simply by looking after the farm when the Millers are away for a day or two. They also cooperate on agricultural issues. Stuart breeds chickens and Linda is very much into beekeeping and looks after an orchard of rare plum- and peartrees and makes jams and liqueurs. There was talk about them selling their products at the farm-shop once that’s been set up.”
which enable him to accelerate explosively on a steep ramp, completely taking the peloton by surprise. The breakaways, five in total, manage to distance themselves by about two minutes from the main field until Teams Baskerville, CS Media, Shad Sanderson and Brook Consulting can organise pursuit, having obviously decided that it might be prudent to not let Magnussen get too far ahead before the riders reach the ‘real’ mountains of today’s stage, namely the three ascents that will bring them close to or over two thousand metres of altitude.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in challenge and John let out an exasperated breath. “Oh, damn it. It’s a marvel they haven’t fired me by now, it really is. I’ll leave a message on the answering machine.”
“All right?” Sherlock asks at length. John barely hears him because of the noise of the people surrounding them, and the clatter of their bicycles.
John is familiar with some of them as they have been regulars on previous Tours. Only Port de Balès is new. The team didn’t tackle it during training in spring, either, because it was still closed back then. He and the others will have to rely on what Lestrade and the other coaches told them during the team meetings. Luckily, the weather promises to be just right: warm but not too hot in the mountains, occasional clouds, no forecasts of thunderstorms or heavy rain.
Ahead of him, Sherlock was continually decreasing his pace, sweat dripping from his hair, his face flushed. Cycling up to him, John panted, “If I remember the map correctly, there should be an actual village behind one of those upcoming bends. We’ve passed the signpost already. ‘Le Traversaz’ or something it said. Hopefully there’ll be some shade between the houses. I need a break and would like to refill my bottles so I get some of the weight off my back.
Sherlock has already finished his account and is listening to John recounting the fight from his point of view, adding his medical estimate of their injuries, when both are distracted by a commotion at Sergeant Willis’ desk. Fearing a return of Riley or others of his ilk, Sherlock half rises from his chair for a better view.
There is the sharp clearing of a throat. Sherlock looks to John, who shakes his head minutely. Sherlock frowns. “Not good?”
With these words and a grave, troubled expression, he ushers the pair on their way. John lets out a huff when they descend the staircase of the mansion, weaving through clerks and dusty motorcycle couriers. “Do you think he’s right about the spy?” he asks in a low voice.
with towels, jackets, food and drink. Almost immediately, Victor is also surrounded by a host of media folks. John is grateful that he’s spared that kind of stress.
Sherlock suppressed a sigh. Lestrade was one of the more astute policemen he had dealings with, but at times it was aggravating having to explain everything. Didn’t these people have eyes, and working brains to interpret what they saw, to join the dots? He felt John’s gaze on him, curiously expectant, and couldn’t help a smile spreading across his face. For some reason, he didn’t mind explaining his deductions to John, never had, and probably, hopefully, never would.
“I think Tiffany understands that things are not her fault,” goes on Vanessa. “In fact, after she’d listened to our confessions about our affairs and how they came to be, it seemed to me that she knew she isn’t to blame, and that even though our family life is going to change, the fundamental things are going to stay.”
John nods, walking on but more cautiously now, ready to stop at any moment. “Because of Moran, do you think?”
He turns and heads toward the bathroom, but stops at the sliding doors separating the kitchen area from the living room. “My suitcase ... do you want me to bring it to that second bedroom you mentioned? The one upstairs? For appearances’ sake, or—”
“Twinges, but it’s not too bad.” He gets into bed and switches off the lamp. “Reckon we should try and catch some more sleep,” he says as he lies down next to Sherlock, their bare shoulders touching. Suddenly, John begins to chuckle. “You know, I had the weirdest dream.”
He sighed. “Well, guess we should set out again. It’s getting quite chilly whenever the sun’s hidden behind a cloud.”
“No,” said John quickly. “I enjoy it, don’t get me wrong. I can barely remember when I’ve last been kissed like that. It’s just … I sometimes wonder if you enjoy it as much as I or if you’re just doing it because you’re trying to compensate for other things.”
Sherlock’s head twitches in a shake. “That would be tempting, but no. I never heard of it before.” He thinks for a moment. “It doesn’t make any sense whatsoever. What’s sex got to do with assembling furniture?”
“You also have the Netflix team, and Hisense, but they have operated above suspicion so far. And there’s Brook Consulting, the biggest unknown as yet. Officially, they are into IT, but for the past year or so they have been trying to gain control of several broadcasting networks, or so rumour has it. Their true reach extends much further, I reckon. It’s exceedingly difficult to find reliable information about how far, and into what kinds of media they’ve invested, and why, what they intend to do with it. Nor can it be traced where all the money comes from, and to which extend people like James Moriarty hold personal stakes in the company. There are rumours that the CEO, one Richard Brook, and Moriarty are one and the same person, but that he is keeping it under wraps so as to concentrate on cycling. Brook is extremely private, and very little is known about him. Some people even doubt that he exists as a real person, and that in truth the company is run by others. It’s all very shady, and very interesting. I’m dying to find out more. Not for nothing did they choose a spider as their trademark. If one company has truly built a world wide web, it’s Brook Consulting.”
Good morning, John. Since you should have finished breakfast by now, do make your way over to the farm. At once, if convenient. SH
“Please have a bite to eat first,” says Mrs. Stiles, pushing the bread towards them. John smiles at her and helps himself, and after a gentle nudge from him, Sherlock does as well. He is quite hungry, he realises when he takes the first bite of the bread which is soaked in dripping and actually tastes really good. Linda the Land Girl enters the kitchen after stripping off her boots. The toddlers squeal with delight when they see her, and she smiles at them.
“Totally,” says Van Coon, raising his water-bottle for a toast. He doesn’t look unhappy at all, mirroring John’s mood. He doesn’t mind that he won’t have to face another uphill battle today, but only a gentle, careful ride downhill to the next settlement. The rain has increased so that soon, he and his companions are soaked to the skin. Now, John wishes he’d slowed down more up at the pass and searched for Mike or Irene to get that jacket. Thunder rumbles overhead but not close enough to be of immediate worry.
“Molly left about half an hour ago. She’s staying with Jeannine, I think. She didn’t want to cycle all the way to her place, and Jeannine has a room here in Bletchley, lucky girl.”
“The quiche, John. Do you want to eat the last slice?” Sherlock repeated with a trace of exasperation, but also, John thought, with the tiniest of smiles sparkling in his eyes. So this had been on purpose indeed? The bastard.
“Oh, don’t let him deceive you,” chimes in Jeannine. “He’s good at it, very much so. I think the little foxtrot we danced was rather wasted on him. I have a mind of asking the band to play something more challenging later so that he can show us his real skills. A waltz, perhaps, or, even better, a tango,” she gives John a meaningful glance, which, however, seems to go unnoticed. Likely, thinks Sherlock, John doesn’t know that traditionally, the tango is danced by two men. “I may require your services later to find a suitable date. You’re rather good at deducing who’s a potential sweetheart and who’s an idiot. Or who’s already spoken for.”
“Of course it was Moran,” snarls Lestrade angrily. “If we’re lucky, he’s gonna get disqualified for it. But don’t count on it. There will be a penalty, though, probably extra time or a fine for the team or both. Be careful out there. They might try again.”
“Wouldn’t mind if the stage was cut short and we were spared the last climb,” says Bainbridge, and the others laugh.
Molly shrugs. “Maybe. She was out with a couple of men afterwards, even stayed the night once or twice. But I don’t think it was anything serious. Just distraction, maybe.” She sighs, running a hand through her hair and tugging at her cardigan. “It’s not that I have a lot of experience with these things, dating and all that. Only Jenny … I mean, she was very popular. The men loved to talk to her and dance with her and everything. She was good fun, charming and clever, always witty. She made it seem so easy to win them over. But she didn’t seem altogether happy. She was dancing and joking and having them light her cigarettes, but somehow … perhaps she was missing Michael after all. And as for Jim, I was actually looking forward to meeting him. She said she’d introduce us one of these days, and that I’d like him because he’s so sweet. But that’s never going to happen now, is it?”
John turns his head to look at him. Sherlock is lying on his back, his eyes narrowed, the bridge of his nose scrunched up as he frowns at the ceiling.
“Quarter past midnight,” replies Sherlock without looking up from his phone. His voice sounds deeper than usual and slightly hoarse. Suddenly, John knows what the strange smell could be. He sits up in bed and frowns at Sherlock.
John thinks for a moment. “Didn’t Jennifer Wilson keep a handkerchief laced with that scent? The very hankie that also bears the lipstick stains that weren’t hers?”
“Stimulate my imagination?” enquired Sherlock airily. John was sure he was being teased, and that moreover Sherlock was enjoying himself tremendously at his expense.
A shiver runs through Sherlock. His skin erupts in gooseflesh once more. He swallows audibly. His eyes narrow as he regards John. “We could try that, yes,” he mutters hoarsely. “If you know how.”
John nodded, again feeling troubled by what Sherlock had been referring to but glad about his decision about the smoking. It had been a constant point of contention between them which now seemed to have sorted itself out, hopefully permanently. “Yeah, that’d have reduced the fun considerably. I’m glad you’re off the cigarettes. You understand now why I always tried to steer clear of dating smokers? I had one girlfriend at uni who smoked, and kissing her was … well, even after she’d brushed her teeth I disliked the taste.”
He squirms a little, feeling hot and somewhat uncomfortable. Next to him, Sherlock makes a thoughtful sound. “I don’t understand it,” he says at length.
, a nasty little voice in Sherlock’s head pipes up. He knows it, even though he tries to ignore it as best he can. But it always seems to gain strength and importance when he is feeling sad and lonely. It tells him that he hasn’t got any friends, that he is a freak nobody wants to spend time with, that he is unworthy of love and affection – and of course that the only friend he’s ever had apart from his dog was nothing but a figment of his own imagination. That’s how sad and pathetic he is.
“Of course,” she replies matter-of-factly. “Where else would I get them? Coupons only get you so far. I have friends in the States and in Europe, too. They provide me with things. You understand I have to maintain a certain standard in order to frequent those venues that are beneficial for the furthering of my career. You can’t walk into the Ritz with a seam drawn onto the back of your leg to simulate a good silk stocking.” She lifts one of her legs which causes the dress shift to reveal almost the entire length of it in what for other men would surely have been a seductive move. Sherlock isn’t impressed, although her leg is rather shapely.
It’s almost midnight when they retire to Sherlock’s room, leaving the door open after locking the front door, the door between first floor landing and the living room, the one of John’s room upstairs, and those from the landing to the kitchen and the corridor leading to Sherlock’s room and the bathroom. The fire has been left to smoulder and go out on its own. The staircases and the living room have been secured with lengths of string to which pieces of cutlery have been tied to create noise should anything touch the strings. The two armchairs have been returned to their proper places.
John shakes his head. “If something hurts, or if you are very sad, or even if you are very happy, boys are allowed to cry as well as girls. Even grown men cry, and are allowed to. Have you ever been to a football match?”
They have reached the corner of Archer and Rupert Street and Sherlock halts. He gazes at John, one eyebrow slightly raised. What is visible of John’s brow under the brim of his hat is creased in worry. “What is it, John? Spit it out.”
He can’t win this through skill alone, and even trickery has abandoned him. Moran is simply better: more experienced and practised, and stronger and more enduring, too. But Sherlock has superior foresight and wit. He needs to find Moran’s weak spot and strike at that. And if it’s not a physical aim, the better. Moran is vain and arrogant and proud. Could Sherlock work with that? He thinks he can.
About forty minutes later, constable Grant closes the notebook. Lestrade is glancing at his own notes thoughtfully. Sherlock has given him a somewhat more detailed description of their findings in the quarry than John told Denniston and his fellow codebreakers, where he mostly stuck to medical aspects. Sherlock recounted what they found in Jennifer’s bedroom, too, and what the Suffields mentioned about Jennifer’s former fiancé. Sherlock has not mentioned the note, however, nor anything about the true nature of Jennifer Wilson’s occupation at Bletchley Park. For all the policemen know and are concerned, she was working in a radio factory.
“You boys, do stop calling Sherlock that,” comes Aunt Mabel’s voice down the corridor. She arrives, wiping her hands on a towel. Sherlock frowns at her. As much as he appreciates her taking his side for once, he is sure that when he’s not around, she also calls him names. “Oh, there you are, Sherlock. We were getting worried.”
Sherlock smirks briefly, his teeth shining in the gloom. “Inside information. You have no idea how much people are willing to divulge about others with the right incentive. Social media can be very helpful, as can well-placed bribes.” He stops short, blinks. “Oh,” he breathes, then blinks some more.
“What did she say?” asks Watson, who has been following Sherlock’s gaze, his eyes lingering on the red lips.
“I can imagine what kind of websites and images will pop up when you start … researching, and I don’t really fancy having them litter my computer or the search history of my browser. And they’re often infested by viruses, so be careful. Remember last time Mrs Hudson borrowed my laptop to write an email to that friend of hers from Australia? She stumbled across all those sites you researched and worse, the images you downloaded for that blackmail case in Chelsea. Christ, you even put one as the desktop background. I had a lot of explaining to do, and no help from you. Thanks for that, by the way.”
“Don’t you think you’re overly dramatic, Mycroft?” John asked, while Sherlock shut the file with a snap as if to indicate the end of the conversation.
Sherlock stares at him, blinks a few times. This is ... unusual. Something is off here. He swallows. “Yes. Yes, they do have good food. As for the rent, Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, is giving me a special deal. Owes me a favour.”
But the child, Sherlock knows, is an entirely different matter. She might as well be dead. John will in all likelihood never see her again. He will not witness her grow up, learn to walk and talk and ride a bicycle. He will not see her first smile or her scraggly sketches. He won’t scold her about drawing on the wallpaper, won’t take her to school and music lessons and football practice. And yet she is his daughter, alive and growing up somewhere on this planet, a little girl with dark blonde hair and blue eyes and John’s nose and thin lips, and perhaps his dry humour and staunch loyalty and need for excitement, too. And he will never know what her voice sounds like, will never hear her call him ‘da’ or ‘daddy’ or ‘old man’.
The initial trio of John, Lindgren and van Coon has grown during their cautious descent to a group of ten riders. The centre of Sainte-Foy is bustling with activity. The carpark opposite the
been so long, after all. And his erection, despite having flagged a little, is still there, quite persistent and actually getting the tiniest bit annoying.
“Not exactly dangerous per se,” corrected Sherlock, “adventurous, rather. The tan on your face, interrupted around your ear and down to your jaw shows you have been wearing a helmet with a strap, and sunglasses. Your hands show lines where the gloves began at your wrists and ended half way down your fingers. Together they spell cycling. The fact you have these clear lines show you cycled for an extended time in the same direction without variation or shade, which either means a long straight or a mountain in a sunny climate. Since we’re heading back north-west where you’d find the flats, it’s more likely you cycled in southern parts, a fact also supported by the strength of the tan that indicates strong UV rays as you’d find in the mountains, which means you spent time in either the Pyrenées, Provence or the Alps. Now, cycling in these regions is no mere feat. It requires training, dedication, a will to endure hardship, and adventurousness and daring because what you cycle up you have to go down again.”
Sherlock freezes, his shoulders tensing. He remains turned away from John with his head bowed. “Not talk about what?” he asks, sounding the ‘t’ sharply.
“You’re quite right, Dr. Watson,” joins in Gordon Welchman who has been puffing his pipe in silence throughout most of the talks. “It is. As Mr. Turing has explained, it’s another encryption device, but unfortunately not one we are familiar with. Actually, our colleague John Tiltman should be here to enlighten you as he has been working on Tunny. But since he’s out and about with the Americans, I’ll try and explain it to you.
“As much as I love the fans and the atmosphere they create along the road and everything, some are just arseholes or absolutely dumb, or both,” grouses Dimmock, gesturing angrily at the screen. “She didn’t pay any attention to the rider at all, just to the motorcycle camera to make sure she and her stupid sign were filmed. And it’s a fucking time trial, meaning the cameras will be round every few minutes with another rider.”
“But why?” fell in John. “Why should he go after him? Sherlock was undercover. Hell, officially he was dead. How could he know is true identity?”
“I know most that are of relevance to us. Although Wiggins hasn’t replied to my request yet, both Wilkes and Victor have asked for another meeting.”
“I’m not entirely certain. I need to check some team rosters. I remember having seen his face before. He is definitely a former cyclist turned amateur long-distance runner. His outfit wasn’t just for show, he was really going for an early morning run. Come on, let’s go before we are spotted. The sky is already lightening up.”
“Yes. And no spinning,” adds John sadly. “How dull.” He smiles up at Sherlock, and stepping a little closer to him, he says in a low voice, “God, I wish we could dance right now. I’d love to dance with you, like we did under the apple trees. I’d even forgo the grotesque figures and the spinning.”
The door closes and the lift begins to move. Since Sherlock makes no attempt to continue the conversation, John begins to feel a little awkward. Suddenly, Sherlock stirs, and drawing a deep breath, he says quietly. “Thank you.”
They’ll let him out eventually. He’ll be missed at tea. On the other hand, being stuck in the wardrobe actually isn’t so bad compared to the alternative of having to endure the other boys’ taunts and mockery and downright cruelty for the rest of the afternoon. At least in here, they can’t touch him, and he has time and leisure to think. And Sherlock isn’t like that. He doesn’t cry easily, and almost never from physical pain. And what’s wrong with crying, anyway? He did shed tears when Redbeard was put down, and why not? Redbeard had been his best (and only) friend. Sherlock found it perfectly all right to weep for him.
“Johnny, this is my friend Sherlock.” The term ‘friend’ applied to his person causes warmth to bloom in Sherlock’s chest, unused as he is to such a moniker. “He’s going to hold you so that you don’t jerk when I set your arm, all right? And you’ll hold on to his hand with your left one, yes? Sherlock, get behind him so he can lean against you and try to hold him in place without hurting him.”
John pats her hand reassuringly. “Your reaction is understandable, Mrs. Matthews, and as Sergeant Lang and my colleague Mr. Holmes here have already indicated, I doubt anything bad will come of it for you. On the contrary, the assailant was a wanted criminal on the run, so in fact you’ve done Scotland Yard a service by stopping him.”
Frowning and running a hand through his tousled hair, John cast back the duvet and stood up, retrieving his watch from his own pile of clothes. To his slight shock, it was 9:38 already. So much for an early start. No wonder Sherlock had vanished. Likely he had woken hours ago at first light and immediately set out to investigate their case. John cursed under his breath, both himself for sleeping in, and his friend for not waking him. And why were his clothes still here? Sherlock certainly didn’t wander round the countryside clad only in his Belstaff over his old t-shirt and shiny new pants, did he? At the memory of the underwear, John involuntarily smiled. Remembering the sheet episode at Buckingham Palace, he decided that it wasn’t beyond his friend to set out improperly attired.
“Almost five days. ‘Urgent family business in Switzerland’, whatever that means. He didn’t want to go, but somehow his brother forced him into it. Don’t know what’s it all about. He has hardly texted, only that he arrived in one piece and that Mycroft is getting on his nerves. Nothing new there, I guess. But yeah, I miss him. The silence is almost worrying. Usually he texts or emails me all the time, often with trivialities.”
Turning onto his back as well, John touches the back of Sherlock’s hand, making the other jump slight. “Can’t sleep?” asks John softly.
Sherlock turned to him and gave him a long appraising glance. He didn’t comment, but John saw him swallow ever so slightly. John couldn’t help blushing and quickly lowered his gaze to his hands to adjust his cycling gloves. “We’ll have to check the brakes before we set out, and see if there’s enough air in the tubes, particularly on your bike. I cycled to work a few times last month before there was all that rain and storm, but yours has barely been moved since France.”
Sherlock’s stomach growls with interest. He’s eaten a couple of biscuits and had two cups of tea with Mycroft, but he’s desperate for something savoury now.
He frowns slightly as if reviewing his own words in his mind and finding them somewhat too frank. John stares at him. Sherlock bites his lip, looking unsure – until John begins to smile.
Having recovered from Holmes’ blunt, almost hostile reply with a nervous laugh, the presenter turns to Lestrade. “Greg, tell us what made you sign up Sherlock Holmes at such short notice. A few days ago when I checked the rosters in preparation for today, I recall that the position was still marked as vacant – highly unusual this close to the Tour.”
“Never underestimate children, John. They see and hear far more than adults who most of the time only use half their brains and even fewer of their senses. And they can come up with ingenious plans, just like adults.”
“I really meant ‘didn’t mind’. Yes, they were more okay than I thought they’d be. But I’d prefer to ride my own bike tomorrow, if ride we must. Wouldn’t mind taking the train both ways, though.”
“I am sure she will,” John tells him quietly. Jim looks up and gives him a grateful glance. Once again, Sherlock is stricken by how effortlessly John seems to be able to make people feel at ease. Is this why he himself is so taken with him? Because he doesn’t judge, simply takes people the way they are and tries his best to accommodate them?
Mike grins at them. “Still, it proves that you do have fans out there. Very creative ones, too. Give them a few more days, and there’s gonna be fanfiction, too.” He slaps John’s knee playfully. “I’m done with you, John. If you feel you can move, switch places with Sherlock here so that I can see to him. Any particular problems today, Sherlock? Anything I should know? Sunburn, injuries? Anything that’s particularly tense?”
“Come on, John, we just found out how easy it is even for amateurs to get the necessary medical assistance," he now stated petulantly. "You don’t seriously believe they’re riding clean, when there is so much money at stake. Some small
Shortly after the crossroads the road narrowed again. The forest grew less dense, and to the left a rocky wall rose while to the right the hillside dropped steeply, with firs and pines clinging desperately to the almost vertical slope. There was a kind of railing, a crumbling stonewall with stretches of metal planks in between, but it was so low that it wouldn’t stop anything determined to take the plunge, be it car or bike. Usually, John wasn’t troubled by heights, still he found himself cycling closer to the middle of the road so as to keep away from the sheer drop only a metre or so next to the tarmac. The view, however, hardly impaired by trees now, was breathtaking.
Stepping fully into the anteroom of the hideout, Sherlock flipped down the collar of his coat and unbuttoned the garment. “Since it’s started to rain again and we need to have a little chat, why don’t you make enough room in here so we can move our horses inside and rub them down. Also, my friend is injured and in pain and would appreciate a place to sit down in relative warmth.”
He makes his excuse soon after the team meeting. Sherlock disappears with Molly and Soo Lin, probably to make sure the bike he is going to ride the next day is up to his special standards. John half expects him to drag it up to their room again to spend half the night tinkering with it. Most other riders retire early as well, mindful of the tough stage ahead.
John sends him a quick reply thanking him for his well-wishes before heading into the ensuite after Sherlock has vacated it.
Molly shakes her head, running a hand through her neatly arranged waves. “No, and that’s what’s odd. I spent a good deal of this morning and early afternoon asking my way round this place. Cautiously, of course, so as not to arouse suspicion. I learned where copies of both the en- and decrypted messages are indexed. Gaining access to this index was difficult. I pretended to work at Jenny’s station, with the teleprinters. Luckily, I’d managed to chat with one of her friends beforehand who’d filled me in a little as to how these things work. Oh, and no, I didn’t tell her about Jenny’s death. I said she’d fallen ill and wasn’t going to be able to come to work this week. I hope that was all right. I just … I don’t think to many people should know about what happened to her, not unless we can be sure that …”
John shook his head. “Still, it wasn’t kind breaking that kind of news to them, particularly if you just guessed about their parents.”
They spent the rest of the preparations and the meal itself in companionable silence. John was pleased to see Sherlock eat heartily. Some of his pallor vanished after two cups of tea. John was about to wash up and keep Sherlock at his side to dry the dishes by questioning him about any new leads in the Kerke case when Sherlock’s phone chimed.
“I’ll see what I can do, John,” promised Mycroft. There was a brief pause, then he added. “Thank you.”
The pizzeria was closed because of some family event. Due to lack of alternatives, they ended up buying a salami and some of the local Beaufort cheese together with a bottle of red wine, water and some peaches at Carrefour, and getting a small quiche with spinach and salmon and a baguette at the boulangerie opposite the supermarket. Laden with food, they returned to the hotel where they settled at one of the tables in the lounge.
“That’s nice of him.” While speaking the words, John realises that he really feels that way. Whatever jealousy he felt towards Victor Trevor has gone. He understands the other now and even pities him in a way and is glad that Victor and Sherlock managed to overcome their differences and resentments and are on speaking terms again.
John was about to enquire whether the ‘friend’ Sherlock had mentioned was Victor, which seemed likely, but he refrained. Sherlock gave him a quick sideways look, indicating to John that he, in his uncanny way, had again deduced what he had been thinking. He gave a brief, brisk nod, then turned to Katie again.
Beyond the ridge, a rural landscape continues in rolling waves that level out towards the sea, which is visible as a hazy blue line in the far South. Sherlock reconsiders his plan to go to Worthing Beach. This here is better.
Whatever Sherlock had been running through his thought, he was back fully on the case the moment they stepped into the mortuary. There Molly, Sally Donovan and the new forensic expert from Bradford, Nikhita Vathijanathar were engaged in a lively conversation about strange ice-cream flavours. Vathijanathar was a small, strongly built woman of about thirty with short, spiky black hair, an infectious smile and a liking for strikingly coloured Star Trek t-shirts that challenged the dress code at Scotland Yard but were visible even under her blue forensic overalls. Today she was wearing one that celebrated lens-flares. If not for the fact he was completely devoted to Sherlock, John would have asked her out on the spot. Like this, he simply smiled at the sight of the three ladies having fun, even at such an unlikely place as the morgue with a dead young woman lying on the table in front of them.
“We’re good friends, and they’ve been there for me and Emma when we really needed someone. Things were pretty hard after Andrew’s death, mostly because he was gone so suddenly, just ripped out of our midst, without any chance of saying goodbye.”
Tiffany’s face lights up. She adores John. The affection is mutual, Sherlock knows, despite John’s always being tinged with a touch of sadness.
. Sherlock feels a brief inclination to saunter over and warn the girl of her danger. Anderson is a notorious womaniser. But she looks clever enough to see through his ruse.
“I doubt whoever is behind the abduction did it for political purposes,” he says curtly, fighting down another wave of nostalgia brought on by thinking about the Downs. “Kidnapping is a severe offence. If someone wanted to put pressure on you to sway your opinion or end your support of the petition, they’d find plenty of ammunition for blackmail online.”
“Sherlock is her legal guardian now, which is wonderful,” his mother had said. “So we might as well be her grandparents. It’s not that we’ll ever have any grandchildren from our own dear sons here,” she added with an arch glance at Sherlock and Mycroft who only rolled his eyes. Later, Mycroft had invited Sherlock for a stroll through the garden. Sherlock had warily agreed hoping for a stealthy cigarette but had been disappointed. Mycroft only offered a nicotine gum, which he declined. To his surprise and slight disgust, Mycroft had gone all sentimental then, thanking him for bringing John and especially Rosie who so delighted their parents who were getting on and blah, blah, blah. Sherlock had zoned out at some point, but unfortunately, the sentiment had contaminated him as well. Yes, their parents
“Yes, of course you may. You’re not having a cuppa, then? I’m dying to hear all about your journey.” John wasn’t sure, but she might have winked at him.
Reading through hundreds of mostly well-meaning comments, looking at funny memes, fanart and videos created of the two of them, the wish to burst out of the closet becomes almost overwhelming. He wants to post a big rainbow flag and announce to the world that yes, he is head over heels in love with Sherlock Holmes, that he’s bisexual and (finally) proud of it, and that he’s never felt happier in his skin and his life. It surprises him, and what surprises him even more is how quickly his attitude has changed, how much he himself has changed, how he has learned to not only accept but embrace what only three weeks ago he staunchly denied despite evidence to the contrary, namely that he loves men as well as women, and one man in particular.
Mrs. Suffield shakes her head in dismay. “I knew there was something odd going on when Jenny didn’t come down for breakfast this morning. She sometimes stayed the night out, not just when she was working, if you catch my meaning. The young people nowadays … I told her to be careful, but she laughed and said she knew what she was doing and I needn’t worry. She wasn’t my own daughter, of course, but one does still try to look after these girls as best one can, they being away from home and everything. And she did have a number of young men she went out and about with. They all seemed to treat her well, gave her gifts and what not. And I understand that with the war going on, people try to enjoy life the best they can, especially when they are young. I mean, it’s not that we didn’t, back during the Great War. But oh, this is horrendous. Poor, poor Jenny. And no wonder Molly is heartbroken. They were such good friends.”
“I know. I’m the same. But I’m willing to take some risk – calculated, mind you. Not for the thrill. Or, bugger that, okay, for the thrill, too.”
He swallows again, reaching up to touch the scars surrounding the eye-patch carefully. “You were running next to a chap, next moment he wasn’t there anymore. Or the fellow right in front of you got hit, and you thought, had I been a bit faster, that bullet would have struck me. It was so utterly, horrifyingly random, the way people died. Had I not turned my head to check on the chap running next to me upon hearing a strangled cry and fearing he’d been hit, the bullet would have gone right through my eye. Like this, I was lucky. The other one wasn’t. The bullet whizzed over my closed eyelid and tore up the bridge of my nose and hit him. I think he died. I should have tried to find out ...” He swallows again. His hands which have come to settle on the rim of the sink have begun to tremble.
A tiny spark lights in Jim’s dark eyes, a brief glimmer that vanishes almost immediately. “I’m not sure,” he says. “As I mentioned, I hadn’t seen her in a while, and we talked more about this concert and its organisation than personal matters. I couldn’t ask her about her work, anyway, and I’d not been around London much because of the air raids, so there was little gossip to exchange. But I did hint that this concert might be a good opportunity for her to meet somebody new. Actually, I said it quite clearly, winked at her. Normally, she would at least have joked about it. She always teased me about my American friends and that they were so much more handsome than British men. But that day she didn’t. She just smiled, and said that she wasn’t interested in meeting someone new at the time. That made me think that there already was someone, you know. Someone serious, I mean. Someone she was truly interested in, not just some fling like those she had after splitting up with Michael. And why not. I mean, she was young and clever and pretty, and she went out to have fun. But this seemed different.”
Sherlock isn’t quite sure yet what exactly he wants from John, but it’s more than his silent, occasional presence in the flat and the odd cup of tea, that much he knows. Things won’t ever be the same as before the Fall. Sherlock doesn’t fool himself by wishing they were. They can’t be. Too much has happened since. Both of them have changed too much. But he knows that he loves John, deeply. And if John were willing, Sherlock would even try a romantic relationship with him, with everything that entailed, even sex, should John wish that. Sherlock has no experience that way, but he knows that he enjoys John’s proximity and his touch, and would be willing to experiment. He might actually enjoy it. That’s his hope, at least. Now the only thing needed is for John to realise that his weird flatmate is actually the best choice for him when it comes to a romantic partner – or any partner, really.
Sherlock made a grumbling noise in his throat and jerked his head around to gaze at the ceiling again, pretending to be affronted.
John grins broadly. “Only when I was a teenager, before I switched to cross-country, and then to road cycling.”
When John entered the room, Sherlock lay spread out on his stomach on top of the sheets with the laptop in front of him and his mobile out as well, texting furiously. He hadn’t changed, just gotten rid of his shoes and socks and was agitatedly flexing his toes.
It’s already dark outside. More rain is sweeping the city, pattering against the windows. A strong west wind is swirling yellow and orange leaves through the air and howling in the chimney. The windows are rattling softly. A faint draught is moving the lace curtains. John has lit a fire in the grate. The flames are flickering and dancing merrily.
The relative tranquillity changes dramatically when the peloton passes through the feed zone, a little beyond the half-way point of the stage. While most riders are busy digging into their
“Hey, we know that bloke,” mused John. “I actually wondered whether he’d ever show up again.” He glanced at Sherlock who was perusing the photo and a couple of additional images with a deep frown.
John tried to hide his disappointment at learning no more about his friend’s troubles. He gave a small sigh, but then put the matter behind him as he listened to Sherlock describe the Kensington case while they excited the hospital.
Sherlock snorts. “Not tonight. As for taking her up on her offer, as you so blithely put it, she is sharing a room with another woman,” says Sherlock gruffly, raising the towel to give his cheek another wipe.
This chapter has three illustrations because I couldn't decide which scene to draw. They are "In battle (1 and 2)" and "In the bathroom".
, I’m still at the hotel. I left my keycard in my room. I’m on my way out now. I’ll meet you and the others at the lake.
Lestrade scoffed. “I’m on duty anyway. Remember, I’m divorced now. Not much Christmas cheer at home, and Molly is working, too, although we might spend New Year’s together. I don’t mind, though. Some of the chaps at the station have organised a bit of a party for tomorrow, work allowing. You’re welcome to come, too, both of you, unless you have other plans.”
“Mr. Holmes, what a lovely surprise,” says Irene Adler as she, John and Wilcox approach the table Sherlock has just settled at. “How small the world is. Oh, do remain seated. That injured leg of yours must be hurting you.” She shrugs off her coat which dutifully, Wilcox takes, and reaches up to unfasten her hat. She is wearing a red Crêpe de Chine dress, matching the colour of her lipstick, and is carrying a small, black, beaded handbag.
“Ooh yes, that would be lovely. Perhaps Sherlock can join in and improvise on his violin if he doesn’t want to dance as well. He certainly has a dancer’s figure and can move very gracefully if he wants to, although usually he prefers to slouch in his chair like he does now.”
“Mostly small talk about today’s stage and tomorrow’s.” Sherlock doesn’t look embarrassed at having read them and to his surprise, John doesn’t mind. “He also mentioned that he’s reviewed video footage from today and that apparently, Moriarty’s technical mishap looked a little suspicious. I took the liberty of phoning him for clarification.”
Mycroft nodded. “Once we knew where to look we unearthed substantial information about his background. Moreover we have a fairly detailed report of his itinerary during Sherlock’s ... mission, but as I said, he disappeared in July and has only now resurfaced in Britain. We suspect he spent some time in the Near East, either Syria or Jemen, by all accounts supervising training camps for various terrorist groups.”
Jan whistles again, and the dog rounds Sherlock and dashes towards its master. All three join up near a patch of damaged fence close to the water tank, which close-up doesn’t look that interesting after all: just a large, somewhat rusty tank with a bit of graffiti on the sides, and a shallow depression in the ground at one end where apparently water has been let out for the animals.
“Relax, Billy,” Sherlock reassures him, spearing a slice of crêpe with his fork. “Nobody is paying you or us any attention. John here suggested we take one of the gondolas up to Grande Motte. We should be completely undisturbed there.”
“Yeah, says the man who nearly fainted upon dismounting,” he quips. “Seriously. You’re a brilliant cyclist, Sherlock Holmes, but you’re also a complete nutter. Also, you’re not in your twenties anymore. Take it from an oldie like myself. Tomorrow will be a shit day because you overdid it today.”
John grins. “Takeaway, for once. We haven’t had Chinese in a while. And perhaps some cuddling. Wouldn’t mind a quick – or not so quick – snog, too, if you’re amenable.”
“He’s almost reached the fourth split time point,” says Dimmock. “And look, he’s really fighting for every second. Has he even eaten or drunk anything on the road since he started?”
For a few minutes, they work feverishly to document as much as they can. Several times, they freeze in alarm when noises sound outside on the corridor, mostly of doors opening and closing and the rattle of the cleaning trolley. John has just returned all folders to the briefcase and is putting it back into the drawer when he hears muffled voices and approaching footsteps. A man with an Italian accent says in French, “
“I didn’t invite you to buy me clothes and jewellery and perfume. Moreover, you were well recompensed for your ... investment. We’re even, I’d say. Or if you insist, I can pay you back, But then, you’d have to pay me back, too, and I’d imagine this to be much harder than handing over a few bucks.”
“Yeah, I bet. Left some traces, too. At least I didn’t let the person I was supposed to subtly interrogate kiss me.”
“Oh, this is brilliant. I’ll leave the gum right here, on this stone, all right? Please don’t hide again. See, I’ll put my flint here, too. I’m unarmed now and I’ll go to my tree. Please come down.”
“Good – although I remember hearing that before, to little avail, it seems,” she admonished him. “I will take your word for it – again –, but the damage to the kitchen goes on your rent. Yours, not John’s. You won’t pay it back in money. You will help me round my flat to work off the amount I see fit. There’s plenty to do there for a pair of gangly arms and large hands. Now tidy up the kitchen. And get rid of these bloody cigarettes. They’re not burning properly. You must adjust the draught in the chimney, silly clot, so that all the smoke doesn’t end up in the room. A genius like you should know that.” She cocked her head, her hands tightening on her hips as she shifted into a more aggressive stance. John couldn’t see her expression, but he was sure Sherlock was on the receiving end of a deadly glare.
Sherlock’s features tightened and he gazed ahead to the skull. “My use of cocaine was perfectly controlled. I only injected it during periods of prolonged and unbearable boredom. By that time I was already assisting the Met on cases. Unfortunately, on one occasion Lestrade found discriminating evidence at my flat. He can be quite observant, you see, if he wants to be. I am rather sure he was looking for it after a hint from my brother. Anyway, he blackmailed me: absolute, official proof of being clean or no more cases. Well, I couldn’t bring it over myself to leave the Yarders on their own, could I? Crime in London would have had a field day. So I endured a stint in rehab, behaving myself despite the crushing boredom, and voilá, farewell cocaine.”
“Because you’re my friend. And during all that time we’ve known each other, there’ve only been two instances when you’ve shown anything remotely like romantic interest in another human being. Irene Adler, and Janine, although the latter was only for a case, right?”
He takes a deep breath, gazing at Daniel steadily. “Of course, feel free to dismiss my advice. What do I know, anyway? You are right, I have no personal experience with relationships, sexual or otherwise. If you want to know, the ‘sex-thing’ in the papers was a fake. The woman in question invented it to get back at me for treating her badly. She made enough money with the story to buy a cottage, so I believe it worked out well for her in the end. Funny idea, though, to present me as an insatiable lover.
John frowns, not understanding the sudden sharpness in his voice. He shrugs. “Yeah, ‘course it is. Each to their own. I know this sport, like so many, is pretty bad at accepting homosexuality as a normal form of human existence, but personally, I have no problems with it. My sister is a lesbian, and we get along well most of the time, as are Irene and Kate, my friends.”
he thinks, scowling at the phone as he fights the temptation to fling it away, to watch it shatter against the wall. Oh, Ella will have a field day during their next session. John is working really hard on controlling his sometimes violent impulses. He’s hurt Sherlock that way, something he loathes himself for and which he wants to prevent from ever happening again.
“He said something about you choosing your first name. Does that mean Sherlock isn’t your real name?”
“And Jenny?” John wants to know. “How does Jenny fit into all of this? Who was she spying for? She, too, can’t have been dating Moran because he is such a swell chap. I bet he had no clue what was going on.”
, the red pennant marking the final kilometre of a stage. The Germans call it ‘Teufelslappen’, the devil’s rag, and for good reason. Seeing it makes riders give their last, even though one kilometre can feel like a hundred depending on the stage. Kit certainly does give his all, riding at breakneck speed. He still has a very narrow lead on the current rider in first position. With bated breath, Team Speedy’s wait for him approach the finishing line, watching the time of the clock get closer and closer to that of their rival – until it stops, a second before the times match.
For himself, John didn’t mind the slow development. He was still surprised how quickly he had come to terms with the fact that he was now in a relationship with another man, something he had never anticipated when he imagined his future life. But here he was, in love with his best friend who happened to be male. And it was okay. Moreover, it wasn’t like they hadn’t been in a relationship before the fateful cycling trip to the French Alps. However, the journey had forced them to tackle some of the issues between them. Now it was recognised on both sides how much either needed the other – recognised, acknowledged, accepted and welcomed. The ‘L-word’ had not yet been spoken out loud, but it had been hinted at in everyday gestures and shy, clumsy talks.
Sherlock frowned again. “Does that really astonish you? You know me, better than anybody else. You know what I’m like, and that generally I prefer not having to deal with people and relationships and sex and all that mess. What I need to know about these things for the Work I could easily acquire via observation and theoretical research. I prefer that approach, actually, in order to maintain a rational, unbiased distance. I rarely felt the need or desire to participate. But obviously in our particular situation I find myself reaching the limits of my knowledge. That’s why I was counting on your expertise,” he said at length, and John knew that this was as close to Sherlock admitting any insecurity as he would get.
care, so strongly that John often marvelled at the immensity of the emotions contained in Sherlock’s fortress whenever he was allowed a glimpse through a crack.
Sherlock is not surprised to find Turing in Denniston’s office, although he wonders why he and Welchman have been invited since Jennifer Wilson did not work on either of their stations. Hugh Alexander, who is rumoured to take over the supervision of Hut 8 from Turing, is there as well, as is Stuart Milner-Barry, head of the Crib Room in Hut 8.
The song ends, and again mayhem breaks loose. The Woman smiles and bows, and throws a kiss to a shrieking young woman who has almost climbed onto the stage in her excitement. Hat-man glowers at the gesture, downs his Whisky again and makes to approach the stage himself.
“Sure. Either Molls or I or one of the others will be here throughout the day.” She claps her hands together. “Gosh, really I feel like Q. Please bring everything back undamaged,” she adds seriously, mimicking the quartermaster’s earnest tone. “The bikes are only rented.”
John stabbed his side playfully, making Sherlock giggle. “Shut it, you. Yes, there are. I haven’t really thought about it, to be honest. So far, my sexual experiences have been fairly straightforward. Nothing really kinky. Whatever my questionable reputation might imply. So ... yeah. I’ll really have to think about where to draw the line, I guess.” He raised a challenging eyebrow. “Was there anything in particular you had in mind?”
“One each, as far as I recall. They didn’t seem to be serious, however,” explained Katie, glancing from one man to the other, obviously noticing the sudden suspense pervading the room. “Colics are everyday business, really, especially with high-achievement and high-maintenance breeds like Thoroughbreds. They’re less likely to occur in hardy breeds like the Punches, but haven’t been unheard of. Why, do you think there’s anything fishy about them?”
“Nothing, which is the problem. I hate to admit it, but it looks like we are stuck with the murder of Mr. van de Kerke.”
Their footsteps are shockingly loud on the smooth flagstone floors as they enter the right-hand aisle, the stiff soles and metal cleats of their cycling shoes echoing in the silence. Only ... it’s not just an echo. Somebody else is moving about, either in high heels or cycling shoes. Soon, John spots a dark figure under one of the arches who sees them and quickly slips into a side-chapel. He looks at Sherlock who is walking quickly now. Before John can ask him who they are meeting, they have reached the chapel and he recognises the mostly silver-grey jersey of Team Shad Sanderson.
Lestrade looks from one to the other. Sherlock wonders whether he notices traces of their previous activity. If so, Lestrade doesn’t seem to mind. He rubs the back of his neck, though, looking a little bashful. “Listen, if this isn’t a good time, seeing that Dr. Watson is here now and it being Christmas and —”
Now Sherlock smiled shyly. “I’m just a better actor than you,” he admitted, casting down his eyes briefly before looking at John again through his lashes.
Wilkes has put in a good, steady ride and has managed to stay very close to van Coon’s time, which he misses by two seconds, putting him in third place behind Sherlock and the Dutch rider, and probably in third place overall. Ricoletti seems to be pushing himself even more than Sherlock. But despite his efforts, he is losing a little time on the last stretch, clocking in at fourth position. By now it’s clear that Baskerville is going to forfeit his podium place. By the third split time he has already lost more than two minutes on Sherlock’s time, causing him to slip to fifth position in the GC and pushing Sherlock up to fourth. Even though clearly disappointed, Baskerville bears the result with stoicism and rides on in an attempt at damage control.
“Sounds like a deal,” says Wilkes, clapping his hands. “I have to be off. We have some team building stuff coming up and a press conference later today. Good luck for the rest of the Tour.” He nods into the round and leaves.
Drawing a deep breath, he sits up straight, stretches, then turns on the bench to gaze in the direction of John’s room. It’s dark, but the window is open under the half-drawn blackout-cover. A white, lacy curtain hangs out, swaying slightly in the breeze, waving like a ghostly hand and beckoning to Sherlock. He watches it for a while, then swallows. Being in love is one thing. He believes he has arranged some peace with his new circumstances (or at least an armistice between brain and heart). In theory. As long as John isn’t around, Sherlock has convinced himself he can carry on with his work at a level satisfactory both to himself and his employers. But dealing with John, meeting him in the morning, looking him in the eye, talking to him, perhaps even touching him ... Sherlock has no idea how he is going to fare in these situations. There hasn’t been a precedent in his life, and for once he wishes there were, if only to provide him with a somewhat firmer ground to base his expectations on. Like this, he is floating as lightly and freely as the damned curtain upstairs.
“You can turn on the light, if you want, or open the curtain,” mutters Sherlock, his voice half-muffled by his pillow. “I don’t mind.”
Sherlock opens his eyes. Of course. John is a doctor. Of course he’d feel compelled to help. Sherlock, too, although he certainly considers himself less altruistically inclined than John, understands that simply sitting around while other people might have been hit worse than he might be a bit not good.
“Apart from you, who is the best time trialist of the current GC top five?” asks John to distract both him and Sherlock.
“He was some years older than I, two, I think,” Sherlock continued in a low, even voice. “Read English, Philosophy and Law at my college.”
“Watch Moriarty,” John tells his own teammates via radio. “Sherlock, Kit, I think he’s trying to get away and chase Magnussen. Moran and his other underlings are already in position. I’ll try to go with them when he does. Stick to my rear wheel, okay. I won’t be much help to you much longer today, so I’ll try to make it count now. Watch out for Ricoletti, Wilkes and Baskerville. They’ll try to reel in anybody who attempts to jump away.”
“You’re still worried, though, aren’t you? Come on, I know that look. Is it because of what Liz said, about Victor?”
John took the knife and set to work. But when he tried to stick the blade into the fruit, he noticed how hard it was inside. He had to muster a lot of strength to even get it in half way. Without a proper surface to place the quince on, it would be difficult to cut it open.
While some teams and their retinue stay in town, Team Speedy’s are going to be accommodated at Albi for two nights. That city, the start and finish of the time trial, is only about forty kilometres away. John has never stayed there before, only passed through on two stages in the past, but he remembers the impressive cathedral and historic buildings along the river Tarn, as well as the famous bridges. On the team coach that’s transferring them to their home for the next two days, he manages to bag a seat next to Sherlock.
“Fuck, yes. Yeah, yeah, I know, another fifty. Sorry.” He turns to Tiffany again, who is smiling tentatively now, looking like a caterpillar wrapped in her blanket, and he smiles as well. “It needs a bit of straightening at your fringe, but it suits you.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Not sure. I expect some mild revenge, probably on social media. But I wanted to see her reaction. She instigated the movement that ‘ships’ Moriarty and Moran, despite there not being any real indication that they are romantically involved or ever will be. It’s just for show. Real homosexuals get a different treatment from her and her employer Brook Consulting, as evidenced by how mine and Victor’s past was treated, and also by their thinly veiled attacks on Lachapelle and Bernard. The same goes for doping allegations. She is quick at dealing them out, but not where they actually might be warranted.” He smiles grimly. “I’m very sure we will meet again.”
“No problem, mate. Can’t have you taking a shortcut down a cliff, after all,” adds John with a wink.
Sherlock cocks his head. “Pretty?” he asks, trying not to sound either too surprised or too pleased. Even though John utters favourable comments describing his looks quite frequently, Sherlock is still startled by them, most of all by their sincerity.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow dangerously. “Oh, this is clever,” he says softly. “Very clever indeed. They sell a bunch of lies, but with kernels of truth. Like the very best of Fake News. That way, people will swallow them all the more easily. Create an outrage by picking on those who are marginalised, different. Do they also describe my mental instability?”
A quarter of an hour later, the first Enigma messages of the day trundle in, brought by messengers and already pre-sorted and colour-coded according to their reception time and origin. Sherlock’s tray fills up quickly, and after another visit to the toilet and half a cup of coffee pilfered from Milner-Barry’s personal supply, he grimly attacks the stack of messages.
Casting a worried glance towards Sherlock to gauge his state, John is relieved to see that despite gritted teeth – probably because his injuries are troubling him – Sherlock’s steps are still round and regular. He doesn’t look fresh, exactly. None of them is after this stage and a week of racing in baking hot temperatures. But he seems to be keeping up with the fitter of the climbers without completely exhausting himself. He barely rises from the saddle to counter attacks but keeps his elegant threat, and when he loses a few metres on whoever is racing ahead, his high gear punches soon make him close up again. He’s tenacious, that’s the right word. Not the most explosive of riders, but strong and steady, and seemingly impossible to shake off. John can’t help grinning to himself, particularly when he catches a glimpse of Victor Trevor’s face. After another spike in tempo which caused Sherlock to be left behind a bend of the road, just when Trevor must have thought he’d got rid of him for good, there he is again, catching up. John slips in front of him to shield him from the wind.
John and Sherlock kneel down next to him and John reaches out to gently turn his head, revealing a gash in his neck where Dorothy Matthews struck him with the blade of the shovel. Rigor mortis has already set in. “A little more force, and she’d taken his head clear off,” mutters John. Sherlock nods, having thought the same.
Sherlock nods. “It was preferable to prison. They would have been forced to put me in solitary confinement to prevent a riot in whatever institution they could possibly put me in. I wouldn’t have lasted a fortnight there. My own brain would have torn itself to pieces.”
The remainder of the stage is tough. Team Speedy’s is not the only one affected by the split. Ricoletti and Wilkes are among the unfortunates as well, with fewer teammates to escort them back than Sherlock and Stephen Bainbridge have. Their teams and the Speedy’s riders work together to lessen the lead of the large group whipped on by Brook Consulting, but it’s hard because of the relentless wind and the fact that the teams in front are giving their everything to keep the others at bay. The original breakaways stand no chance, either, and are finally caught by Moriarty’s group about five kilometres before the finish. None of the others manage to escape for long as the leading part of the peloton strives towards a sprint finish with those sprinters as are present in their group.
Like this, they stand for a while, kissing slowly yet thoroughly, trying out various angles and different degrees of pressure. It feels experimental. Sherlock approves. Whenever his mind permits, in between moments of utter distraction, he tries to catalogue John’s reactions to their activities, and to file them away for further analysis.
Katie nodded, a shadow of grief moving over her features. “Andrew was a naval engineer – started out as an officer and then specialised. Were together for seven years, and married for three. He was killed last year in an accident during a routine exercise up in the Outer Hebrides. Emma is his daughter from an earlier relationship. Her mother lives in America but Emma hasn’t had contact with her ever since she was four. Her mother had a parental responsibility agreement with Andrew naming him Emma’s custodian, which has now been transferred to me because she wanted to stay here and not move to the US to a woman she barely remembers.
John scowls at him. “Haha, very funny. Not everybody has your massive intellect. Let me see. Five numbers ... could be the local phone code. Or ... what kind of postcode do they have in France?”
At least he can walk, unlike two other riders who are still down and are being treated by paramedics now. One of them seems to have crashed into the barricade and lost consciousness, while another looks as if something in his hand is sprained or even broken. That would mean he’s out of the Tour. John sighs when he recognises Selden, the oldest rider. If he’s out, John is going to be the old man of this year’s Tour de France – and right now, he is feeling each and every one of his years. And it’s going to be worse tomorrow. He sighs and trudges on, determined to cross the finish despite the pain. He won’t give up. He
John exchanged a glance with Sherlock. “Botulinum toxin,” he muttered. “Seems to be haunting us, that stuff.”
“No. Yes, I mean. It’d be nice, I guess. Sex with him. Could be. But ...” He shrugs. “I don’t know, Sarah. I feel like a bloody teenager again, and it’s not even because I’m confused about my sexuality. I just don’t know what to do. I don’t want to scare him away, or alarm him. Sherlock’s so ...  And him being a team- and roommate and us riding one of the toughest cycling races in the world doesn’t help. Nobody needs this kind of distraction during the bloody Tour de France.”
For a while neither spoke. John wondered whether he had offended Sherlock with his remark, but a brief glance at him showed him looking relaxed yet thoughtful. John wondered what he was thinking about. He hadn’t even replied to his last comment. When even after another minute or two no remark came, John decided that their conversation was at an end. Not that he minded.
The Channel Tunnel came sooner than John had anticipated. The wavy profile of Picardie with its gothic cathedrals and frequent reminders of the bloody battles fought here during the Great War and before had merged into the flat, dull landscape of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
Sherlock snorts. “Of course not. Sex is the last thing I am interested in, and it’s always been like that. I’ve never touched a teammate inappropriately, and only once appropriately, if you want to call it that. After months of dancing around each other, I kissed him, and he kissed back. Enthusiastically, I may add. No sign of lack of consent. There wasn’t any alcohol or other mind-altering substances involved, either. What happened after, however, was that said teammate attempted to ... further things between us, and I refused. If you want the whole truth, I panicked and pushed him away. At the time, I may not have communicated my state of confusion and the feeling of being absolutely overwhelmed by the situation in a way he understood. He was hurt, felt rejected, I assume. Things turned ugly between us as a result. He accused me of leading him on, and that was one of the nicer things he said. He started to publicly link me to drugs soon after.”
John smiles at him warmly and with so much affection that Sherlock’s pulse spikes even higher. He runs his finger along Sherlock’s throat, caressing the mole, lifts his chin and leans in to kiss him again. “Would you like to experiment how high we can push it?” croons John. “Your pulse, I mean?”
“I’ll check on her in a moment. Let me just arrange accommodation for Sherlock and Dr. Watson. You can find some dry clothes for them, Daniel.”
“I don’t think your childhood was unhappy, or worse, that you suffered abuse of some kind. I just believe – and I’d love for you to contradict me – I believe that it was lacking in the affection department. That goes for your brother as well. Have you ever hugged him?”
“Probably,” agrees Sherlock. “He doesn’t strike me as the kind of rider to leave anything to chance. He’ll account for any disadvantages unfortunate weather might throw his way. How did you part with Fratelli and the other two? Did you agree on anything?”
“And hunger will make you faint, grumpy and will aversely affect your ability to concentrate and think. I’m a doctor and I’ve been around men who underestimate their bodies’ demands for far too long. So trust me and eat.”
He escorted them to their car, holding open the door while Ivan helped his friend through the rain with a blanket held over his head. Then John dashed back inside. The three others were in the lounge, still upset and agitated about what had happened. John told them what he had found out about Marco’s state and what most likely was going to be the further course of his treatment, and they calmed down. They introduced themselves as Luigi (according to Sherlock lawyer #1), Francesco (lawyer #2) and Carlo (photographer), and invited John to join them later for a drink. Knowing that Sherlock would likely spend the rest of the day engrossed in the case and therefore in no mood for talk, food, and indeed company, he readily accepted. They agreed to meet again in two hours.
Mike knocks again upon his return and waits for John to open the door. He is in an even better mood than normally. “Are congratulations in order?” he asks right away without any hesitation or embarrassment.
John said. In a way, Sherlock feels he hasn’t grown up at all yet. He is thirty-four, but compared to John he feels like a mere child in terms of experience. Is it just this lack and his naivety that make him want to forgo all caution and grab John’s hand right now and kiss it? And is John holding back because of some past discrimination or injustice he was subjected to because of his inclination?
Sherlock steeples his hands under his chin. “There is a possibility that this entire thing has been devised to get at me through my relatives.”
Lestrade shakes his head. “Neither. I had them check for the latter in particular because sad as it is, it’s not unheard of that some poor girl takes her life because of an unwanted pregnancy. But she wasn’t pregnant, and apart from the fact that she was a little anaemic and underweight which may have been symptoms of stress, there was nothing physically wrong with her.”
The pool, if John is honest, isn’t large enough for swimming. It’s good for a soak and a relaxing float in the water, though, particularly now that the greensward surrounding it is deserted and most windows facing it on two sides are dark with the occupants of the hotel rooms already abed. On the third side, a wall and a high hedge of dark trees shield the pool and garden from outsiders. The fourth side is open but for a gate and offers a view of two rows of historic houses climbing towards Angoulême’s impressive cathedral, which is illuminated so that its large rose window is visible in the soft darkness that otherwise cloaks the city.
Sherlock exhales, staring up at the dark canopy of the bed. John is worried and curious and yet reluctant to dig further. Sherlock doesn’t want to recall his nightmare by talking about it, but perhaps John is right. Maybe he should try to put it into words. After all, he knows what fed the dream, igniting deeply buried memories that made him relive a traumatic event from his childhood in this intense, disturbing fashion.
Sherlock shook his head, his mouth a tight line of a sudden. “Again you see but you don’t observe, John. Admittedly, they are faded, but the marks are clear.”
John gave him a questioning glance, but Sherlock didn’t elaborate. Instead, he turned to Carl Hutchinson who’d sidled out of the stall and was standing behind his brother and Melanie, watching the scene warily.
The question isn’t rhetorical, Sherlock realises. He bites his lip. John is right, he is secretive about his past and guards his heart very, very cautiously because past experience has taught him to. But this is John. If anybody can be trusted with this, it’s him. Moreover, revealing some of his secrets might be a good bargaining chip to become privy to some of John’s.
have rested longer. The illness has left traces. Even now he feels a slight wheezing and a sting in his lungs whenever he draws a deep breath. He felt it today on the bicycle. Every small hill makes him gasp for breath, his strength han’t fully returned yet. He’s always been on the slender, lanky side, but now his tailored clothes are hanging loosely about his frame and he is only slowly beginning to fill them properly again.
John sighs, puts down the piece of wood he’s been holding. “You’re incredibly attractive, and witty, and clever, and charming, too, when you’re not being an arsehole to people, and—”
To his surprise, his cousins make no real attempts to torpedo his freedom. Apparently his aunt has convinced them that he is a better slave at ‘Crazy Ellie’s’ place, and that he works there all day. He, in turn, makes sure to yawn and moan when he slinks down the stairs for breakfast, and when he returns from her place in the evening, pretending to have worked all day.
They pass lunchtime at the canteen. To Sherlock’s surprise, it isn’t boring. Molly’s good mood is infectious. She and Brenda seem to be getting along splendidly. Eventually, the small group is joined by others on their lunch break: Molly’s housemate Sally, Deirdre who shares accommodation with Brenda, and several of their friends. Soon, John and Sherlock are surrounded by a merry gaggle of women who tease John about his uniform and Sherlock about his ‘boffin looks’, whatever those are. Two of them flirt shamelessly with John, ignoring Sherlock’s glares. John plays along, but doesn’t encourage them. Sherlock knows why he does it, but knows that they are no real competition. Eventually, they cease their remarks. The conversation moves to Churchill’s visit and Molly’s promotion, which is celebrated joyously. On a more serious note, some of the women make plans to honour Jennifer Wilson, hoping to persuade the rector at Jenny’s local church in Newton Longville to hold a memorial service, or to at least mention her during his regular service on Sunday.
He clears his throat, his expression sad and slightly angry. “Two men didn’t make it out in time, mostly because they helped me. They were pulled down by the sinking vessel. Should have been the other way round. I’m the bloody doctor, after all. Still, we got your books and codes. Hope you used them well.”
“One of Miss Hooper’s friends,” he informs Lestrade. “Speaking of her, why don’t you go and ask her for a dance,” suggests Sherlock. “She has been standing by herself nursing her drink for a while now, and could do with the attention. Moreover, that way you can talk to her quietly and inconspicuously. They are playing rather slow pieces at the moment, meaning you won’t get out of breath too easily.”
And it’s good to be on the bike again, and to actually being allowed to ride another Tour. John did feel a twinge of sadness when signing in for today’s prologue, knowing that most likely, it was going to be the last time he did so. Last prologue, and in about three week’s time, if all goes well, he’ll be signing in for the very last stage.
He turns to Sherlock and fixes him with a long but kind gaze. “I know you want to win this, Sherlock. And of course the rest of the team would like you to win, too. But don’t beat yourself up about it, okay? You’re a professional, you know your body, this is your special discipline. But whether you come first or tenth, know that you’ve already achieved so much more than anybody expected. You’ve ridden a brilliant race so far and have done a lot for the team. So ... well, I won’t tell you to take it easy tomorrow because we all know you won’t. But be careful. Listen to your body. Don’t take too many risks. We want you with us in Paris, okay?”
“Spam or cheese?” asks John as he sits down next to Sherlock, holding out two sandwiches. “I got us a bar of Cadbury’s, too, for dessert.”
“Oh,” says Sherlock. “Are they yours?” Jan tilts his head, apparently not understanding. Sherlock tries again. “You ... look after them?” He points at his eyes, then at the sheep.
“You have a high opinion of me, John,” he stated calmly, his voice aloof and even. John hated when it sounded like that, cold and clinical with no trace of the deeply human side of Sherlock he so loved.
“Brilliant, John,” Greg yells into his earpiece, “great reaction. You’re going to catch Moriarty again. He’s just beyond the next bend and has slowed down a little. Well done, Sherlock, too. Go, boys. This is looking good.”
John laughs softly, closes the laptop and sets it aside, then scoots closer to Sherlock, checking quickly whether he finds any objection in Sherlock’s eyes, before leaning in and kissing him. Sherlock responds slowly but with obvious and growing enthusiasm. Soon, they are lying side by side covered by the thin blanket, pressed together with their naked – and freshly shaved – legs entwined, kissing gently and unhurriedly. John feels a low buzz of arousal in his abdomen but is too tired and too warm and comfortable in Sherlock’s arms to do anything about it.
“Yeah, well,” John shrugs. “I didn’t want to. I came back up the stairs to see if you needed ... you know ...”
“I just couldn’t go any faster,” he pants between gulps from a bottle as he arrives wrapped in towels. “Lachapelle is just too good.”
Riley, for example. He’s out for blood, and he could – and would – do real damage with the knowledge. He’s a nasty one. I’ve had trouble with him before, and he’d love to drag me and my investigation
“Decaf soy-milk Caramel Macchiato with an extra shot of coffee and caramel, and a pain au chocolat,” says a third man. He also has a London accent but sounds posher than the other two. His voice his milder as well, not as deep as the American’s. While the latter is tall enough for the top of his head to peek over the car roof, of RJ only the feet can be seen, clad in black leather brogues and dark trousers like his companion.
A little more, and Sherlock won’t be able to control his body any more, won’t even want to control it. This isn’t about thinking for once, it’s all about feeling. He is about to cede control, a scary thought. A tiny voice in his head tells him that this should worry him. Sherlock doesn’t do sex for this very reason. He’s above these animalistic, primitive urges. He’s managed to reach his thirties without ever desiring intercourse with another person. He isn’t a slave to his libido like most people. That’s what his intellect tries to insist on.
The girl nodded. “He ran off after a rabbit,” she said apologetically. “He’s never done that before.”
Sherlock stirred. “Stomach contents,” came the muttered reply. “We were right about the red cabbage and the baklava. Contained walnuts.”
“Whether I would like to accompany you to the concert tomorrow evening. Bach, is it? I fear I shall have to decline. Not because of Johann Sebastian, whose music as you rightly recalled I usually enjoy, but rather because the last time I attended one of the amateur musical entertainments here I found the second violins so badly out of tune that I left early. For your sake and that of your friends I hope the conductor will pay more attention to the tuning this time round and prevent his orchestra from thoroughly butchering the pieces.”
“What about The Woman?” bursts out of John before he can stop himself. He’s been trying to get an answer to this question for a long time now.
John giggles. “Right you are.” He turns off the tab, holds a hand into the water to check its temperature. “Should be fine. Not too hot. So ...,” he clears his throat. “Shall I?”
If it were at all possible, Sherlock’s eyes darken even more. “Oh, I do want, John,” he growls, his voice a deep rumble. “But preferably when I can fully concentrate on the task without my penis making stupid demands for external stimulation. So if you would, please, proceed, I’d be much obliged.”
Sherlock huffed. “And how am I supposed to make sense of all of this when even you, with your wealth of experience in these matters, don’t know?” He shook his head once and pushed past John to reach the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
“Not quite. There’s been kissing and sharing a bed. And yes, okay, something in the shower, too. Once. But it’s ... new. To me. This kind of thing. It’s not so much about sex, really. Sherlock ... so far, he doesn’t want it for himself, perhaps never will, and I respect it. He’s happy to experiment with touching me, though, and he’s pretty brilliant at that. And honest. He’s totally honest. If he doesn’t like something, he says so right away. And he’s so sweet. Affectionate, that’s the right word. It’s ... it’s pretty wonderful, actually. Bit frightening, too, all this intimacy that has little to do with sex.”
Kit laughs humourlessly. “Not sure I will, honestly. Do anything great tomorrow, I mean. I’m totally wasted.”
“You’re welcome to stay for lunch,” Linda invited them. John felt his stomach rumble, upon which Sherlock rolled his eyes.
After they’ve cleaned up, John joins Sherlock in bed again, covers both of them warmly, and switches off the bedside lamp. Sherlock arranges himself so that he spoons John, one arm wrapped round his middle. John settles into the curve of his body and lets out a happy sigh. “You didn’t cry because the sex was so bad, did you?” he asks after a while of comfortable silence.
Drawing back, he released John’s hand. Stepping back, he nodded at John, indicating Moran. “Dr. Watson, would you do me the favour of examining the body to determine the exact cause and time of death?"
John’s eyes on Sherlock are doubtful and worried, but at length he nods slightly. Sherlock relaxes. Now is really neither the right time nor place for having that conversation, but since John has been so frank about his past, Sherlock feels that it’s only fair to tell him some more about his own, particularly his somewhat troubled history with cocaine. Silently, he vows to raise the subject at a later point. When the case is solved.
“Did you manage to capture their faces and what they were saying? My camera’s zoom is shit. I’m sure my recording is all grainy and pixelated.”
“I know why you didn’t take this case immediately,” John continues, flicking a quick glance at Sherlock. “Not because it involves your cousin and his family and you don’t like them. I bet you’ve half solved the case in your head already and are bursting to go and tell them what idiots they’ve all been for overlooking all the important points. Perhaps the kid is hiding in the garden shed or something, and it’s been obvious to you all along. Back then ... before ... you wouldn’t have waited to ask my opinion whether to take it. You might not even have informed me apart from a brief ‘John, we’re leaving for Sussex in five minutes, bring the gun’ the moment I stepped into the flat.”
Sherlock shrugs. “I am merely recounting my observations, and my deductions based on them. You wouldn’t be the only sympathiser of their ideology in this country. Even our abdicated king had Nazi friends.”
They pass the remainder of the crossing on deck, and are soon joined by some of their teammates who listen in on Sherlock deducing the other riders, to general merriment. John can tell how Sherlock begins to relax when the others express wonder and appreciation instead of scorn at his extraordinary skill, how he preens and attempts to impress them. Team Speedy’s are in an excellent mood when they are ushered onto the coach again, where Greg and Sally brief them about tomorrow’s stage. It’s another flat one, from Dunkirk to Ghent in Belgium. Breakaway groups and a sprint finish are to be expected. Depending on the breakaway situation, Bainbridge is advised to try to gather sprint points en route, and of course win the stage, while the rest are going to have to work to keep Sherlock in yellow and Kit in white.
“Don’t misunderstand me,” clarified Lestrade, “it was clear from early on that the two of you ... don’t know ... kinda belonged together. Sounds cheesy, but here you go. You’re good for him, and I think he’s good for you, too. You always came across as more than just good pals and flatmates. Not because everybody assumed, you know, that you were … um … shagging. Like you said, it just ... fit, despite you having girlfriends and Sherlock ... well.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Probably. I’m not interested in labelling myself. But throughout my life, there have been very few instances when romance and/or sex held even a modicum of appeal to me.”
John stares at him in almost exactly the way he stared before. Almost. “How ... how did you know about Afghanistan – and the rest?” His voice is rough. Unconsciously – if unconsciously it is – John raises his hand, studies the faint tanline at his wrist. He gazes up at Sherlock whose heart has begun to beat fiercely. This is new. John must remember the deduction, or rather Sherlock’s explanation of it during their cab ride to Brixton. A ride that hasn’t happened in this timeline yet but has taken place three times before in alternative ones.
Most of the time, however, he stealthily watches John, who sits with a straight back, his hands folded in his lap, grave and attentive. He seems to be following the words of the rector with earnest concentration. Sherlock wonders whether he believes in some kind of higher force. They never really talked about it. Does one turn to faith when one’s life is at stake in the middle of the North Atlantic, or in the trenches of the Somme where one’s mates are being blown to bits right next to oneself? Does John believe in a church that officially loathes people who engage in acts such as Sherlock and he have done? Or is his faith more personal, not really bound to an organisation such as the Church of England, but rather his own conscience? Good is he who does good, is that what he believes? Sherlock sighs to himself, shifts on the bench again and resisting the temptation to place a hand on John’s thigh, casts a glance over the rest of the congregation.
“As I said, one of them boffins. Doesn’t look like he could even lift a rifle, anyway,” one of them muses, loud enough for him to hear.
A brief but genuine grin flashes over John’s face, warming Sherlock’s insides like a sip of hot tea. ”First you voted, and now you’re going to burn right-wing propaganda with me?” quips John. ”What’s going on? Suddenly turning political, are you?”
His realistic, reasonable voice tells him to not get up his hopes again after they’ve been shattered by the carol singers. Any officer could be walking up Baker Street on Christmas Eve, returning home to his loved ones in the nick of time to ensure a happy holiday. What are the chances that this is indeed John? It’d be a mere coincidence.
Sherlock pats the space next to him. “Be my guest. I am trying to determine what the best course of action for tomorrow will be.”
“A bit sore, but otherwise all right. I don’t expect much excitement during today’s stage. It’s mostly flat. There will be a breakaway and a sprint finish, but no major changes in the classifications.”
It takes Sherlock great effort not to glare at the DI and take him down a few pegs with a well-aimed vocal dart. Inwardly, however, he does preen a little at the mention of ‘your doctor’. What made the officer put it like this? He has never actually seen the two of them together. Has John said anything particular about Sherlock while he was being questioned by the police, mentioned him with special regard, perhaps, praised his methods and mental acuity? Sherlock is intrigued, and determined to find out.
John swallows softly at the compliment. “Uh ... thanks, I guess. I’m not saying I’ll join you on any midnight expeditions, but I will try to help you.” Staring at the dark ceiling, he chuckles to himself. “God, this must be the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
, John comes to enjoy the full and undivided attention of the hundreds of fans to both sides of the graffitied road. He reads his and his teammates’ names on the tarmac and hears cries of “Go, Johnny” and “Hey, Watson” again and again. A young man in tight Union Jack shorts and nothing else but a bad sunburn runs alongside him for a good stretch, cheering him on. The person in the bee costume he spotted back at Col du Galibier is back, jumping up and down and shouting “Team Speedy’s/Sussex Honey, yeah”. It’s almost overwhelming, the wave of joy and support bordering on love rushing over him, mixed with his own troubled feelings: sheer exhaustion and a good dose of nostalgia, regret that this is last time he’s getting to experience this first-hand.
“Yes, but Wiggins is unlikely to accommodate him again. Mark my words, tomorrow’s stage will be dramatic, with a media storm afterwards.”
Several unbidden images of various kinds of both sexy and outrageously funny underwear invaded John’s mind and he groaned softly. “Well, I’m sure I will, eventually. But for now I’d really like to sleep.” He leaned over to Sherlock and kissed his temple. “Good night, you ridiculous person you.”
It seems to be working. “I knew you were up to something,” says the older of the two girls, who hails from somewhere south of the river, judging from her accent. Vauxhall, perhaps, or rather Battersea. She lives near a coal-powered factory or power station, judging from the faint trace of soot on her clothes. “Listen, we can’t tell you where to find her. We’ll get into trouble if we’re found out.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever read or watched the play,” muses John. “I just know the general gist from watching a film called
John feels similarly contemplative. He mirrors Sherlock’s position so that they are floating side by side, their arms touching now and again. “It’s hard to believe that that’s less than three weeks ago. It feels so much longer because so much has happened since.”
John shrugged. “I’d let you know. Well, most likely you’d deduce it before I even knew. And if you wanted to participate in the jumping, I’m sure we’d find a way of making it work. If not, we’d stick to whatever you’re comfortable with. And I. As I said, it’s new territory for me as well.”
“Mind what? You sleeping half naked next to me? I don’t. I just wonder sometimes how you can be so brilliant most of the time and then forget essentials on a regular basis. You know, eating, sleeping, packing your trousers – or putting them on.”
“I bet. Must have been utterly boring to hang out in a bloody closet when the other boys were out playing and having fun – particularly for you. You get bored so quickly.”
there, make no mistake. You’re too much of a realist to not have seen and feared this. Because if they split up, what will happen to you? You love both of them. You don’t want to be forced to take sides. Your home has always been your haven because you feel you don’t really belong anywhere else. Not at school, not even with your close friends sometimes because you’re different, and you feel that even though they like you and enjoy spending time with you, they don’t really know or understand you. And sometimes, you just need time on your own. You can be yourself at home, with your books and your pictures and your pillow fort, and yes, also with your parents, who support you and, despite their faults, love you unconditionally. But now that safety blanket is about to be torn in two, and you are caught right in the middle, and you don’t know what to do – unless it be to remind your parents of their priorities. And their main priority should be you. Yes, they were selfish in their conduct. People are, sometimes. People fall in love, and out of love, too. It happens. It’s human. It hurts, of course, but there is little one can do about it. So, you have a choice now. You can stay up there and get drenched by the rain and perhaps electrocuted by a bolt of lightning. Or you can come down, let me know if I got everything right or if I missed some detail or other – there’s always something, you know – and together we can work on a plan to communicate to your parents what you’re afraid of and how to avoid hurting you and themselves. How does that sound?”
John smiles wryly. “Yeah, I guess it does. Haven’t you ever wished for anything like that? Love, or at least companionship? A functioning relationship doesn’t have to be based on sex and sexual attraction, you know.”
At the bottom of the box, Sherlock finds another envelope, bulky and fairly heavy this time. It contains what he has been looking for. When he opens it and shakes it slightly, a ring box falls into his hand. Jenny’s engagement ring is a narrow band of gold with a tiny diamond. A photo of an RAF officer and several photographs of her and the man in front of London landmarks and a few from Brighton are also in the envelope. The man has indeed some similarity with Leslie Howard, but only at first glance, and only for people who don’t bother to look more closely.
Sherlock also has a strong inkling that Turing is gay, like a number of people at Bletchley. Unlike some of them, however, Turing is prudently careful not to display it openly. Bletchley Park is notorious for romances, the path round the lake a favourite beauty spot for many couples. But those romantic entanglements conducted in the open are strictly between men and women for fear of repercussions, although there are hints of those of other kinds if one looks closely. Sherlock does look closely, always and unscrupulously, but he couldn’t care less about these things. Romance or sexual intercourse have never interested him. The mere thought is unappealing, and if he’s perfectly honest, quite frightening.
“Not the most ideal condition to be working in a flower shop, was it?” mused John. “Wait, if he was wearing gloves and not using a knife, why were his fingerprints on the one found in him? Someone else’s doing?”
Sherlock finds one more Enigma message in the tray on his desk. He sighs as his eyes fly over the orderly rows of letters. Anderson moves up to him and peers over his shoulder.
Sherlock smiles. He likes the place. They have an excellent collection of poisonous plants there. Drawing up a chair, and motioning to John to do so as well, he sits down opposite Marla Stuart.
Despite his headache, he is eager to start work on the message, the typescripts of which seem to burn like hot coals in the inner pocket of his jacket. Apart from the lucky coincidence of having two messages from the same source with the same key settings, something else about the missives keeps nagging him. His aching brain won’t allow him to make the connection, but there is something. He can almost grasp it, and he longs for some peace and quiet to dive into his mind palace to search for the missing link. He knows it’s in there. It’s something he has thought before and filed away as not relevant for the issue at hand. He simply needs to track it down and revisit the idea.
Sherlock shakes his head. He reaches out to touch John’s cheek gingerly. “No, not your touch. My reaction to it. How much I enjoy it. You know I have an addictive personality, John.”
and whichever other paper published the dratted article about my past wanted to make you believe, I didn’t take any drugs during my time at uni. I hardly smoked, even. And later the only two substances of my choice were nicotine and cocaine, with the use of the latter infrequent and very much under control.”
John nods, his face a mixture of pity and consternation. “Those idiots.” He gazes at Sherlock and his expression softens into a warm smile. “If you’re the princess, does that mean I’m your prince, your knight in shining armour?” he asks softly
