Tony and Jan, respectful as they were, were in as heated a discussion as any two rich adults with eyes for fashion could be.
“He’s popped up at a few Speakeasy-style gay bars. Expensive ones, for all your favorite closeted CEOs and fat cats.”
Hell, he couldn’t even wait for Steve to be out the door before letting the shame set in. They hadn’t even
The architecture of the mansion was distinctly familiar. It was something Steve thought might have been built in his childhood. Wrought iron wrapped around the staircase lovingly, the windows gorgeously arched. There were areas that seemed as if they were intended to be minimalistic in a traditional sense, but Tony wasn’t one to leave much space on the walls. They were covered in photos, in portraits and paintings.
Rather than spend his time tossing and turning in bed, he decided to wander the mansion, figuring some newfound appreciation for the home he’d missed briefly couldn’t hurt. He roamed the halls, stopping every so often to sketch a particularly nice looking painting or furniture arrangement in his little pocket notebook.
Iron Man turned to look at him, his helmet tilted down. “The Time Machine, Cap? Where they have a time machine?”
The next time they gave him a meal, there was no meat. Instead, there were scrambled egg whites where there used to be a poorly cooked steak or piece of chicken. The meal after that, the usual serving of fruit and vegetables had been replaced with cauliflower.
Those perfectly painted on lips were pressed to Steve’s for a moment, and Tony beamed his usual smile.
Steve made a habit of checking up on Tony. Those same enhanced senses that allowed him to hear Tony’s tinkering all hours of the night also enabled him to smell quite well; he could sense variations in blood, though he wasn’t practiced nor educated enough to be able to pin down exactly what might be wrong with it. He wasn’t a
He'd wake up in the labs sometimes, and even the transparent tubes transporting colored fluids were shielded from his view. He wasn't sure he was even looking for the colors anymore. He wasn't sure he was expecting them.
They brought up work, obviously. They started their earlier hang-outs with a ‘no shop talk’ rule, but they’d quickly realized just how fun it was to talk about work when they weren’t at work, bringing up all the gossip that wasn’t relevant enough to bring up at a meeting or important enough to chat about during a lunch break. They made fun of Jack Marshall’s hair together (which, truly, was a greasy mess).  They talked about how god-awful his art was (and Steve liked to think that Tony was as interested as he looked when he tried to bring up the thought behind his criticisms, the politics of it, the feeling of it). They laughed about some of the clothes Jan had wanted to put Steve in, they quoted Nat’s dramatic entrance, they talked about the
“I dare you,”  Tony challenged. “There’s some twink coming up on your six. Dance with him, maybe. Posture a little.”
Steve laughed, rolling the condom idly between his fingers. He seemed to be in no rush to get to the main event; his
here, he knew, rationally, that it had more to do with the lights, the crowd, and the obscurity of the place.
They were about 90% of the way to a plan, and with days to go, Steve figured they’d meet briefly each day to discuss, prepare, and put forth beginning steps. They’d done all the heavy lifting already, and Steve figured they had a good amount of free time given the circumstances. Sure, he had mission reports to do, and ordinarily, he’d have gotten them typed up and submitted the second he’d gotten home, but it wasn’t like his memory would fail him anytime soon. There was still time.
But like he thought before, Steve's eyes were something he could drown in, and drowning happened slowly; at some point, there was no more fighting it.
The lights were harsh, purples and blues and greens flashing over dark walls and the reflective dance floor. The colors caught on the bottles at the bar, painting ever-changing, wave-like impressions on the bartenders’ faces and clothes. The intensity matched the sound of the place, far too loud and cluttered for Steve to feel comfortable. He recognized the song playing, though not by name— it was the Spice Girls or Beyonce or something, one of those artists that Jess and Tony sang to when they were in the car together. The lyrics were difficult to discern, and even the melody seemed warped below the chattering of the crowd.
“Yeah, it is. It is. But it’s, uh, definitely not a misnomer. Someone leaked minimal trials to us, and it’s a pretty serious weapon. From what I could tell in the file— Tony, I sent this over to you, too— it’s… based on some of our strongest. Blood samples from Cap. Energy samplings from my powers.”
Steve strode confidently up to him, more comfortable now in his own silly costume. Carol had just left Tony’s side, so Tony was available to speak as he pleased, and his face brightened when his eyes landed on Steve.
didn’t pick this mission up, why she wasn’t the one leading, but then again, he supposed that was never her style. Management didn’t seem to be her favorite aspect of the job, and she was always more immersed in the work when the only people she needed to keep extensive tabs on were herself and her targets. Jan was Jan; she had the Wasp suit and she was practiced in its use. Recon and simple locks were often her responsibility in stealth missions.
“Okay,” Carol agreed, after a beat of quiet. “Nat, you get the cloaking tech set up. Jan, you’re on costuming duty, and Tony, you’re figuring out how to time the deletion of the blueprints and data. We need a clear window of time to grab the weapon, and we need to be sure no one’s going to make extra back-ups of any files. Everyone clear?”
“Well,” Steve responded. It was then that his eyes landed on the wounds on Tony’s neck- the wounds that were a part of his costume- and he had the thought he could have had the night prior if only he hadn’t had his mind properly blown.
Tony always spoke to him like he knew what needed to be heard, like he’d gotten a bird’s eye view of the twisted maze of arteries Steve had clustered around his heart and knew exactly what turns to make and what paths to take to get straight to his exposed center.
There was a flash, and Tony pulled the camera in, zooming in on his own face to make sure no part of himself had been left undone. He took a few moments to review the picture then, satisfied still, set the camera on the nightstand.
The Black Knight seemed re-energized at the assertion alone, his eyes glimmering not unlike his sword. “If that means you’re making me an Avenger, I accept! Though my home is in England now, I’ll answer the call when you need me!”
He felt stupid for mourning the loss of last night’s bed partner; he’d known from the beginning it’d turn out like this, and still, he got close. He let himself have it, selfishly, hoping desperately that whatever he could give to the poor man would serve as ample compensation.
“I, uh, actually thought about that already,” Carol admitted. “But after looking into it, I found— Okay, I’m not going to show you guys the pictures, but he’s, uh… exclusively MLM.”
It was probably something along those lines, one of those a-little-bit-dumb things Tony picked up from him and didn’t have the heart to poke too much at. Steve had been through a lot. It took a lot out of him to just
"Your eyes are so-- You're so gorgeous, Tony," Steve said, as if he were realizing it for the first time. He wasn't. Tony knew that much.
Steve said. Tony figured he couldn’t argue with that. For the sake of keeping the peace, he’d let it slide.
That day, he happened to be wearing cotton; it was thin cotton, though, pliable and almost modern-looking despite the nigh Edwardian aesthetic Tony seemed to have adopted for himself. His dark black vest was patterned over a red dress shirt, a light tailcoat pulled over both. He wore a dark tie tucked into his vest, and- as mentioned- those bright white gloves made of what Steve could only imagine to be the finest fabric available. They clung to his skin so closely that Steve was sure he could draw Tony’s naked hands even then, and yet there was a pleasant ruffle at the wrists where the fabric bunched together, the edges pushed closer to the base of his hand by the cuff of his coat.
As the days or weeks or months passed, it only got more disorienting. His meals started out fairly simple; he'd have some meat, some rice, and maybe a fruit cup or a small serving of vegetables. He refused the food at first, too, but it wasn't long (it felt like it, though, and maybe it was) before he felt as if he'd starve if he continued on like that.
Marshall took a seat, angling his body toward Steve. His legs spread ever so slightly. “Big fan of the tie.”
Tony rested his hands on Steve's shoulders, lightly feeling down the sides of his arms. He stopped at the bandages and glanced up at Steve with a quirked brow. Steve was sure Tony wasn't assuming much; he'd been held captive, after all, and it wasn't like that was the worst of his injuries.
He tosses the gun away at the sound of the lock, head snapping up to the door. The gun fires as it makes contact with the ground, and Tony sees the hard flinch of Steve’s uniformed shoulders as he enters, one week too early.
His hands went everywhere they could reach. When they brushed over the side of Tony’s neck, he found two marks- two puncture marks- and regarded them curiously.
He employed the help of Jan (who handled his wardrobe), as well as the help of Google (which didn’t quite know the answer to ‘What is Tony Stark’s favorite flower?’ but certainly did provide pictures of Tony with and around flowers, which was… fine.) And he’d asked FRIDAY for the rundown of Tony’s schedule, which she’d happily provided.
As Steve set his hand on Tony’s waist, tugging Tony’s tucked shirt out of his pants so he could properly touch Tony’s skin, Tony’s mind drifted to the small but real concern that this was the kind of warmth one had to pay for. It was a lot of power to give to a man, wasn’t it? Where would he be if Steve decided to take it away now?
“You’re awful. Despicable, truly.” Tony resituated himself, reaching for the bowl of popcorn again and shoving a handful into his mouth. His words were muffled as he spoke through his chewing once again: “I don’t even want to watch with you anymore.”
He stopped and slowed his breaths, listening for Tony’s. Tony’s elbow bumped against Steve’s shoulder blade as he moved, presumably to feel for whatever patch had been put on him the night before. He always did that upon waking, always spent his first few moments in a haze of idle curiosity.
“Yeah, that sounds about right.” Tony lightly bumped his armored shoulder against Steve’s. Steve responded in kind, going so far as to wrap an arm around Tony’s waist for the picture, thumb lightly caressing the joint at which the armor’s torso connected to the upper thigh.
, Tony reminded himself. There was a part of his brain, however, that had missed the memo on that. That part of his brain just so happened to be connected to his mouth, and his mouth, evidently, had also missed the memo on that.
He’d be without the shield, semi-alone, with a weapons-dealing billionaire with security on site who wanted nothing more than to get into his pants.
thing often removed him from himself entirely. But, oh, how grounding it was to be loved, to look in the mirror and see more than an asset.
Steve something, actively. He could look up, see how blown Steve’s pupils were and how red the pale skin of his cheeks had become, and he could know that
Something about that loosened what few knots remained in Steve’s chest after the days they’d had; it was a sweet idea, a funny kind of thing that Steve thought he might enjoy. It was a hypothetical that would keep him up plenty of nights after that, he was sure, as plenty of other hypotheticals involving the two of them did.
And he did. He does. King Arthur. Captain America. Everyone he’s ever looked up to, he feels, would seethe at the sight of him now.
rolled it on, his forehead against Tony’s shoulder as he worked it down his length. Tony nipped lightly at his ear, not entirely sure what possessed him to do so— aside from the closeness, of course, and the desire to keep it.
He sits on the edge of his bed, sweatpants wrinkled and a little heavy with the sweat of the week’s nightmares and torso uncomfortably bare, given the circumstances. He hasn’t had the chest plate in quite a while, yet he still wonders how he braves each day without it. He’s woken up a handful of times, bare like he is now, having deluded himself into panic and labored breathing before realizing how far past all that he is.
Simple, then. It was simple. Tony had the stealth suit, and the know-how and tech to disable locks and cameras. This was well within Nat’s comfort zone— Steve partially wondered why
It was a nice enough feeling on his own, but with Tony beside him, it became all the more focused. It was as if Tony was a reverse prism through which the noises could filter themselves, all discordant in a beautiful way (in the same way Tony’s umbrella-cane was when he walked, in fact), but less so with Tony there.
“Lord, you really know how to flatter a guy, don’t you?” Tony replied sardonically. He slid out of bed as well, kneeling down beside Steve with his hands loosely laid in his lap.
Funnily enough, no innocent analogy came to mind; this wasn’t a blanket draped gently over him. It wasn’t the radiating heat of a fireplace nor the comfort of a heated building after a day in the snow. It wasn’t as if Tony felt bitterly toward Steve— that couldn’t be further from the truth. There was nothing but sweetness.
The trigger is finicky. He can tell by its jerky movements as his trembling finger rests atop it, the gun’s muzzle pointed at nothing in particular and the safety already off. It’s not natural, fiddling with the thing like this— there’s a part of him that’s screaming to get his goddamn finger off the trigger, to flip the safety back on, to be mindful of where he’s pointing the thing before he gets someone hurt.
And a nice day it was. Though it was mid-October, the weather wasn’t so cool that one would feel obligated to layer up if they didn’t want to-- no one average, at least. Steve didn’t need much to keep warm, but he knew Tony ran cold. There would be times when they’d reach for the same mug in the kitchen and their hands would brush, and Tony’s skin was so cold to the touch that Steve might have thought him a corpse under different circumstances.
“I’m shadowing Cap when the time comes. I doubt he’ll have room to bring the shield, and we don’t know how much security this guy has trailing him at any given time. Now, everyone clear?”
To say the least, it was sweeter than anything Steve could have expected. They fell together naturally once they’d been stripped of their costumes, Tony seating himself in Steve’s lap as if they were lock and key, made for one another. Steve groaned as he did so, hands coming to rest on Tony’s hips as Tony moved.
Something stirred in Steve’s gut at that, uncomfortable and hot. He was sure he was just concerned for Tony’s safety— everyone and their mother knew Tony had a bad habit of getting in bed with people he shouldn’t have, and this was no different. Tony wouldn’t fall in love with a villain— not one who started out that way, at least, and not one who was so openly malicious— but Steve wasn’t quite sure he had a limit to how far he’d go for the mission.
They came into the room. They were armored up, armed, they had tasers at the ready, and they probably fully believed they were prepared to retrieve Steve for whatever fucked up bullshit it was they wanted to put him through. He fought. He almost won.
Tony didn't, always, and that was as perplexing as anything to Steve. Sometimes, Tony talked his way out of situations that Steve thought he should have confronted. Sometimes, Tony stayed silent, and he allowed himself to hurt because he was the only one (he thought, at least, which was perplexing in its own right some days). Sometimes, Tony made deals, he compromised, he outsmarted, he escaped.
“’s five in the morning. Sun’ll be rising in a bit, here.” Steve got the curtains into two loose knots, symmetrical and sturdy, and parted them. “Hard to see it over the trees, but you get the gist. Sky lights up.”
“Two sesame seed bagels,” Steve said, pulling those out and setting them aside on a napkin. “And I wasn’t sure what you’d want, so I got you plain. I’m sorry if that’s boring. I wanted it to be something you could eat, at least.”
closer, lean in closer, put a hand on Tony's shoulder and take one more step toward him, get close enough so Tony could look, so he could investigate (harmlessly, of course-- don't dig too deep, don't look too hard, let it be what it is). If only Tony could get a closer look-- at Steve's eyes, at Steve's body, at Steve's heart, at Steve's everything-- then he'd start to understand.
Tony quirked a brow, huffing out an awkward laugh. He shrugged as he idly fidgeted with his thermos. “Maybe someone’s on their period,” he said, after a moment. It was clearly intended to be a joke, but that seemed as good an explanation as any. It wasn’t like Steve could gauge details well at all, especially not from such a short moment of… possibly invasive sniffing.
Plenty of people were drinking. Tony used to, at these parties- he still did at times, but he seemed less inclined to do so the more crowded the mansion got- and it worried Steve how little it took for Tony to become totally and shockingly soused. It wasn’t quite Steve’s preference, but he was willing to have a glass of champagne to nurse slowly as he made his way from group to group, checking in on loved ones and greeting old friends. His sips were small and reluctant, but if nothing else, it was something to do with his hands.
That was part of what he liked about traveling, even in uncertain times. There was an anonymity of sorts. People knew his name, certainly, and some even recognized his face, but the further he was from home, the more likely he was to be left alone. That was how he saw it, at least. It was entirely possible he was pestered just as much, and the unfamiliarity of every new city he visited lent itself to an exaggeration of the isolation he felt.
It became easier as minutes passed, as the blue light filtering in through the translucent curtains faded into a delightful golden-orange. Tony found it effortless to focus on Steve’s face and the way his brows furrowed as he zeroed in on whatever square centimeter of the drawing he was perfecting in that moment.
"How long has it been?" he asked, and the sound of his voice shocked him and Tony both. It was raspier than normal, and his tone was less steady. He supposed it wasn't too much of an issue; he'd figure it out again, wouldn't he? It was natural enough. He just needed time.
Sam would laugh-squawk, feathers ruffling loose of his shaking shoulders as he did so. Jan’s giggles were light as air, seeming to float on wings as easily as she did. Everyone on the team had something to say about them; all the jokes were recycled or, at the very least, along the same vein as one another. So it wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for Steve or Tony to be in company with a friend and, when the other entered, the friend would exclaim in jest that they mistakenly thought they’d get to have time alone with one of the pair for once.
Tony tossed the packet and condom both onto the nightstand, turning his head as he did to cover up his chuckle. Steve took hold of his collar and pulled him close; if nothing else, the kiss he pressed to Tony’s lips served to stifle the laugh.
The command was vague— Tony would have been content to sit beside Steve, to give them another moment of quiet anticipation. Steve shifted, though, spreading his legs ever so slightly and squaring his shoulders as if preparing to make room for someone in front of him. Tony followed his lead; he loosely draped his arms around Steve’s neck, straddling his lap and settling.
, Bucky might say, and Tony will be forced to laugh along, his selfish attempt at taking himself down a peg failed.
His hand curls more firmly around the gun— an easy, practiced gesture, because of course it is. It’s a reminder of who he is, who he always has been: a man most familiar with destruction.
He wrapped his fingers around Steve’s length, stroking once, twice. Steve’s soft huff of a response was enough to urge Tony on further, and he slid out of Steve’s lap, shifting to half-lay between Steve’s legs with his weight on his elbows. A hand came to rest in his hair, fingers appreciatively massaging his scalp as he licked up Steve’s length from base to tip. He was practiced enough; it would be easy to go through the motions, to follow the same trial and error he always did with a new partner. This, though, seemed too sweet to be formulaic. He was too desperate for this, too desperate to make Steve happy, to make Steve
I’m texting this to the group chat.” With the press of a button, both Steve and Tony’s phones went off with a little ‘ping!’
“This is our guy,” Carol said, gesturing to the image on the projector. It was of an angular looking man with dull grey eyes and brown hair slicked back and to the sides. He donned a beige suit and a copper tie; Steve, thinking there was something a bit off about the color combination, glanced to Tony to gauge the reaction of a man more fashion inclined than himself. Tony’s expression was inscrutable, eyes fixed on the man on the screen.
“You know what,” he started. “So long as you’re funny about it, I’ll be respectful of your opinion.”
His chest was raw with agony as he watched the dirt pile on top of the casket. There were no tears left to cry, but still his soul wept with pain. Bucky stood beside him, giving him silent support with his arms around his shoulders and holding him up when his legs gave out.
Steve babbled, voice hoarse and broken, “Tony.” It was a benediction, and Steve was sobbing for the man who fixed him.
“We’ve got to move on.” Nat was sympathetic. “We need to move forward because we can’t change the past. Not in this way at least. We don’t have the resources to change the past right now, so we need to move on.”
tig: AND WE'RE BACK (after 6 months)! As usual, huge thanks to my buddies neb and kait for being amazing collaborators, and anoo for being an amazing intern, and thank you so much to you readers for being so supportive as well as suggesting prompts!
Once the doors were finally shut, he hitched his coat closer to himself and burrowed into his scarf. It’s been ten seconds since he left the Maclaurin Buildings, and he could already feel cold nipping his bare nose. He turned around, fighting against the weather as he struggled to put one foot in front of the other.
Tony held up a hand, and he slowly placed it against the invisible wall between them. Tony swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down with the motion, and Steve lifted his hand to match it. “Please, if you could do one thing for me,” Tony whispered, “don’t tell me. I’ve been thinking, looking at these clues. I thought you, for a long time, were just a figment of my imagination, but there is no way that my imagination could hurt me so badly, or that my imagination could respond so…viscerally. You can’t be anything but real. It’s really you just on the other side of this barrier.”
However, during the rare events that he did appear, Tony would automatically seek out Steve, looking around the room until his eyes fell upon Steve’s own eyes looking back at him. And then Tony would give him a soft grin, a genuine one, not the dazzling media one, and Steve’s chest would expand, his face would heat, and he would look down shyly because those eyes were mesmerizing and shining.
A beat passed, then a second one. Still, Tony’s eyes remained shut, waiting for something, anything. Then, Steve sighed quietly, and he folded the paper in his hands in half, then in half again, placing it gently on the ground in front of him.
Steve looked at him. “More than amazing,” he asserted. Adrenaline raced through his body as they landed back on the balcony, and he stared at Tony with love in his eyes. He...he had no words for him. It was more than love - it was devotion, an implicit trust, everything, literally everything. He wanted Tony so much that the feeling overwhelmed him.
Natasha gave Steve’s wings barely a passing glance. “Congratulations,” Natasha said instead. “And for your information, Cap, we don’t believe in superstition either. Your wings are beautiful. You don’t need to hide it from us.”
It was like Tony knew something Steve didn’t, but he didn’t answer. Steve bit his lip. If Tony knew about his crush…
Tony stood by one of the on-board holoscreens and flicked rapidly through massive amounts of data on the screen. “I don’t think HYDRA tested that far yet. Files here state that he was engendered twelve hours ago.”
Well, in reality, it was less catching and more like Tony tumbling right into Steve’s waiting arms. He could take the uncontrolled fall; Tony couldn’t. Tony’s arm continued to swing with momentum and smacked Steve’s face. He grunted, but he held on to Tony.
Steve was so, so worn. He didn’t want to do this. Every face was looking at him, waiting for him to begin, but he felt just as lost them.
Steve stared at them as they grew in. Then he looked back. His fingers, unbidden, reached over to touch them, and he shuddered slightly when they were too sensitive for his curious touch. But they were soft, and Steve admired them.
And he came inside him as Tony shuddered through the aftershocks of his orgasm, pulsating and wrecking him. He loved it, being owned like this; he could never go out and do anything like this with anyone else ever again, not that now he knew Steve was perfect. And when Steve pulled out, his come leaked out of his loose asshole too, and he couldn’t care less that he was dirty and messy.
Steve didn’t love that insight, not because it wasn’t helpful, but because he’d had a bare bones understanding of the kind of shit Tony had been put through over his lifetime. He had to stamp down the part of him that, however briefly, compared himself to people like Sunset Bain. This was different.
He tried to control as much as he could; he imposed a strict routine on himself, though he had no way of accurately measuring how much time had passed during each stage of it. It wasn't the most consistent in these terms, but if nothing else, there was a clear and repetitive to-do list he could follow every time he reoriented himself after waking up in the cell again.
who would feel this way and who wouldn’t, perfectly random who might stand up and shamelessly proclaim that they had so much to
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, voice quiet and a little one-note. Steve couldn’t blame him. He figured Tony might have a migraine to last a hundred lifetimes, then. “Right. The tumor.”
But it didn’t come. “If you’ve got an address you can jot down, and if I—” Steve laughed, a little disbelieving, “if I make it out of this, somehow… I’ll look you up.”
“Look, dear, I—” he started, tone as soft and apologetic as he could make it. “Let’s watch. I haven’t even seen the damn thing all the way through, you know? How could I judge?”
, looking back) that there was some genius answer he could come up with on the spot to solve the whole 'what's blue?' conundrum.
There was a twinkle in the man’s lightly greyed eyes, in the crinkles at their corners. His nose was ever-so-slightly bent and pointed, accent lines placed carefully and gorgeously. The lips, curled into that grin Tony’d noticed before, showed signs of wear and anxious chewing, facial hair dotted with intention above and below.
“Oh, just you wait,” Tony challenged. He draped the shirt and pants over Steve’s forearm, handing him the suspenders and bowtie. “Those pants are slim-fit. They’re only thick enough to cover the thingy.”
Steve seemingly blinked back to life at the call, though he was anything but lively. He shifted his shoulders uncomfortably, his movements tense and jerky.
Tony yawned, taking once last cautionary glance at Steve before going limp on the bed, letting his eyes fall shut. “See you when the sun’s up.”
And, sure, it wasn’t the most original compliment Tony had ever received, but there was a charm to it, wasn’t there?  There was a charm to Steve.
Steve had no way of knowing. He was completely unaware of the circumstances of his kidnapping- he wasn't totally immune to mind-altering drugs of a high enough dosage, and it wasn't like he was invincible. You could likely manage to drag him off if you hit him hard enough to knock him down. The problems tended to arise when he woke up.
Well, Tony couldn’t argue with that. He shimmied awkwardly into Steve’s lap, careful not to put too much of his weight on Steve’s poor legs. Part of him felt stupid for worrying, figuring that there was no way they’d let Steve arm a giant robot with
“’s alright.” Tony suppressed the urge to cough. Allowing himself a moment’s break to enjoy the attention, he settled his head against Steve’s inner thigh, almost playfully sticking his tongue out as far as he could to lick at Steve.
genius best friends rather than one. “Everyone knows, huh? Why, Iron Man, I wouldn’t have come up with that in a million years.”
“Well.” Tony slipped his own jacket off, then, placing it more delicately on the back of the desk chair; he smoothed out the few wrinkles that bunched up at the shoulders, turning to find Steve staring. “You like what you see?”
It was sweet. Steve thought it was sweet, at least, as it was none too overwhelming when the jokes would be laughed at and forgotten in the span of seconds, and their respective times away from each other would be carefully and respectfully preserved.
He tried to bend his arm to touch his presumably still-bleeding back, but it was too awkward a position for him to get anything but messy smears of red across the meat of his thumb. It was crazy, and he knew it was crazy-- he knew it was such an extreme measure, one that Tony himself wouldn't even want for him, but he'd heal, wouldn't he? Steve would heal. Tony wouldn't have to know.
to hold makes him feel wholly unlike himself, but it’s the first thing to come to mind when he takes the little thing out from its place in his nightstand drawer. It’s unsatisfying.
"I'd like to go to bed with you, Tony," Steve said, more softly. He still wasn't quite... all there, and he was sure it showed, but that was alright. Along with basic human decency, of course, it was that same fact of life- they were home to each other- that made it so easy for Tony to understand.
He certainly wasn’t complaining, though. This was just as nice. He zeroed in on Tony’s voice, and it was as if the club went quieter.
so). There were often tubes involved- many, many tubes, some filled with clear liquids and some moving blood and some colorful and vibrant and almost hues that Steve might even consider pretty under different circumstances.
, every single day, hand outstretched for Tony to grab with a grin on his face and his eyes twinkling.
Distantly, he was aware of the people around him chatting back and forth. They spoke like Tony spoke, a little bit, when Reed was around. Or when Bruce was around, or Hank. They spoke back and forth as if bouncing off of each other, and Steve's chest tightened as he heard low laughter coming from one side of the room. He wasn't aware enough of his surroundings to catch exactly what it was they were saying to each other, but he heard mentions of "subjects RB2-A, RB2-B, and RB2-C," and how they were responding to similar experimentation.
Tony stared, searching for anything in Steve’s expression that would indicate why, exactly, he felt the need to— but it was too much to expect from an expression, as guilt, shame, fear, awkwardness… they all looked the same sometimes.
It’s not the best time for this. He knows. There’s never a best time for this. He could hold it out until Thursday and listen to Jan’s excited rants, let her blow some steam after all the stress she’s been having. He’d undoubtedly be roped into a bit of retail therapy; he feels his richest with Jan, stopping into stores he’d never bring anyone else to and making purchases larger than he’d ever make on his own. Personal purchases, at least. He’s grateful for her— he can’t even count the soft, fitted shirts and comfortable dress pants he owns as a result of her dragging him through shops. He can’t count the number of times he’s been grateful to own them, so overwhelmed some days that anything lower quality feels scratchy, restrictive,
sleeping with a man— and that dressing as Santa would be fine if not for the copious amounts of blush used to achieve that rosy cheeks look.
Steve felt the weight on the bed shift as Tony sat up, and he propped himself up on an elbow to more easily meet Tony’s eyes.
Steve's head jerked away from the wall he'd been staring at, his gaze landing on Tony and easing up once again.
Tony felt the sweet caress of Steve’s hand against his ribs, so tender and loving that he nearly felt like crying.
Tony moved. Shifted. Steve let the freshly bared, too cool spot of skin on his back ground him, pull him away from his own head.
It added to the pleasant clicking of Tony’s heels on the hardwood floor. The cane-umbrella would fall on its own rhythm, connected to Tony’s footsteps but not restricted by them. It was repetitive but not incredibly so, and Steve found himself listening closely, searching for the little off-beat taps that resembled the sound of Tony’s tinkering that could lull him to sleep.
“I know. I told him that.” Nat poked her head into each room as they passed; it was a habit of hers, Steve had noticed. He thought it had something to do with the desire to be aware, to always know the ins and outs of the battlefield, to be prepared for anything. He could relate, certainly. “This guy’s taste in art is dog shit. There’s barely anything of value around here— if I had to guess, I’d say his net worth is on a steep decline.”
He could hold it out until Friday. He could drop by Bucky’s place and say hi to Alpine— the little guy’s soft, Tony remembers, and less apprehensive toward strangers than Liho. He could fix Bucky’s arm, make another joke about making it vibrate (the holidays are long-past, so there won’t be any “Christmas lights” jokes, here, but he could hold it out until then, too). Bucky’s always been good about the exhaustion. He’s felt it himself,
He'd been a stubborn man his whole life. It took a long while for him to even recognize that he experienced that grit to such an extreme degree; he spent his whole childhood surrounded by it, after all. His father fought to be seen and obeyed. His mother fought to live. When he was a young man, Bucky fought with the same vigor he did (because of him, maybe), and it was only after Bucky's death that Steve had asked the question:
“I didn’t think you were the prom mom type,” Tony said, scooting closer to Steve. He wasn’t at his most natural, but Steve didn’t mind. His own palms were so sweaty that he’d almost dropped the bouquet a few times on the way to the damn room, after all. He couldn’t judge.
And then he moved in earnest, pulling his head back and forcing it back down, upping the pace until he was well and properly doing the throat fucking on Steve’s behalf. The grip in his hair tightened, slowly at first and then all at once.  Steve let out a harsh “
He remembers being that child in the courtyard, having nothing to miss— there were too few years of experience at the time, and he often felt too broken and irreparable to want to go back home. He remembers having nowhere to escape to, remembers especially bad nights where the fantasy worlds of knights and heroes did nothing for him. He’d try to connect to the words on the page,
“Tell you what. When Mr. Stark puts that time machine of his together, we’ll go back and we’ll make fun of your old uniform together.”
But he did know better. Tony was thrown off by someone matching his level, Steve knew. Tony was an open book, especially with Steve. They were the best of friends, after all, and Steve thought there was very little Tony could bear to hide from him.
With all this downtime, he could draw, and he drew anything that caught his eye. Sometimes it was the cat that judged him from the balcony, sometimes it was the Stark Tower in the distance as he sat in the cafe.
Natasha nodded. “I’m sure. The plate’s his. And even if that is not entirely telling, the fact that the car had been modified to carry an arsenal of weapons does.”
Tony punched the bot with his gauntleted fist, and the mic cut out with static. Steve’s stomach fell to the floor as Tony fell out of the sky, falling towards him in an ungraceful, uncontrolled, tumbling heap, as if Tony lost control of his flight controls.
“You’ve been teaching most of his classes anyway, so I’m not surprised that the kids have taken to you.”
“What the hell is going on?” his driver muttered, right before the Humvee in front of them exploded in a fireball. The resulting shockwave rolled over them in a heatwave, and Tony gagged as he inhaled the hot air. Then, the car door crumpled, and the acrid scent of blood filled the air. Tony’s ears were still ringing from the blast.
After staring at Tony for a moment, he finally said, “Okay. I’ll upload the program.” His fingers flew over the keyboard, and Tony heaved the chestplate up to put it in its final resting place.
The squirrel is now trying to steal my man. Steve, stop feeding the squirrel! OMG, I swear, don’t give it junk food; it’s bad for them! Also, think of the diseases it could carry.
“I’d love to,” Steve interrupted desperately. He, for the longest time, wanted to touch those feathers. He’d admired them from afar, drew Tony’s wings obsessively into his sketchbook, but he never got the chance to look at them up close. And he wanted to, so badly.
Tony looked even more than hell between the time Steve saw him to now. His face was gaunt, pale, exhausted, and his body hunched inwards into himself. Unconsciously, Steve lifted his arms up when Tony staggered forward, as if he couldn’t hold himself up anymore.
Steve was unsurprised to find that Tony slept like an octopus when he woke several hours later completely wrapped up in the limbs of his favorite genius.
However, indeed, the woman in front of him was an amazing one: strong, ambitious, determined. And supportive even though he was the weakest link out of the entire troop. She didn’t look at him with pity, for which Steve was grateful.
And then they did it again because Steve’s cock, even after three orgasms, was still hard, and Tony dropped down to his knees to take it into his mouth, gagging and choking and loving the feeling of Steve’s big cock there.
But it was the suit that was most recognizable. For even though it wasn’t the distinctive blue suit with the bright red and white stripes, Tony could recognize the utterly distinctive star at the center of his chest.
The first pluck felt good. All he did was reach over and snapped a primary feather off the coat of broken wings, seeing it fall into his hands like the broken thing it was. He did it again, and then again.
“What are you laughing at?” Tony grumbles, pelting another acorn into Steve’s stupid laughing mouth when it is clear he isn’t going to stop any time soon. Steve’s golden fur ruffles as he shakes with laughter, and the acorn falls right out of his open mouth. Tony snatches the acorn back (they’re a precious commodity, okay?) and butts him against his chest. He is lucky he only gets off with two thrown acorns, although it has been a while since Tony used them as weapons.
“I have no idea,” Steve admitted, cradling his tiny counterpart carefully in his hands. “We really need to figure out how the got my DNA and Tony’s as well.”
not a playground, and this isn’t even the subject I’m studying! What did I do to deserve to be the TA for lab?”
Tony wanted to take his words back, but it was too late, and the easy camaraderie slipped away like dust blowing in the wind.
that he didn’t create Butterfingers at all. He just didn’t know where the bot came from. It literally just appeared one day while Tony was either bleary with sleep, or drunk, or both, but he was sure that he was working on stuff for SI, not...something so useless and permanently angry, destroying everything he touched. But no matter what reason that engendered Butterfingers, the bot was here to stay for good.
And Tony can't do anything but follow his orders. They're no longer equals - Tony is fully Steve's, and with a kiss that feels cruel, Tony lets him in with a broken sob. And Steve takes and takes and takes, dragging his cock in and out with only his saliva and last night's come as lube. Tony moans, cries, and whimpers under Steve, hole fluttering as Steve pounds against his ass with wet squelches. He can barely breathe with the way that his face is smashed against his pillow, and he feels lightheaded because of it.
Steve blushed, because those plans included ravishing Steve, which they had been doing before they were interrupted by the Avengers klaxon. “Less chatter guys,” Steve said instead. He wanted to go home as soon as possible too, be fucked out of his mind again and again, have Tony stroke his wings and groom him until he was completely gone and blissed out. But before that could happen, he had to focus on the task first. “Iron Man, please see if there is a way to turn off the bots collectively, so that we don’t have to defeat each on individually.”
Nebula: Back by popular demand (seriously guys, we are overwhelmed at the response!), part two of the Twitter AU!
“What we have now is terrible,” Tony grumbled, grimacing. If he had to listen to that song one more time at one of his mother’s balls, he was going to cause a riot. It was the
Although the man was interesting, his non-answer was quickly making him lose his interest, and the cold wasn’t helping either. He was probably high on crack . Now that he wasn’t so focused on the ship itself, he could finally feel the chill seeping through his coat. He was cold; he didn’t know why he was entertaining this stranger. He had work to do, prototypes to test, a thesis to write. “Whatever, Doctor. Pleasure. Fair warning, you might want to park your…spaceship elsewhere. This is a college campus, and we’re curious students.”
Tony gave him a look. “You can’t be so naive to believe that you killed them because of your wings, are you?”
“Okay baby.” Tony slowly took his fingers out of his ass, and Steve felt so empty. “Do you want to turn over? It’ll be easier on you.”
“You guys already knew?” Tony asks, dismayed and feeling slightly betrayed. As one, they shrug, and they crawl up Steve's fur to settle on his back. Tony humphs and glares at them.
The sounds of fighting were much closer now, shaking the cave. Tony and the Alpha looked out past the prison doors. Tony couldn’t see anything, but the way the Alpha tensed up beside him told him that the fighting wasn’t going well. The Alpha turned back to him, bloodlust in his eyes, and he struck much too fast for even Tony’s heightened senses could register.
The shower brought round two, Steve lifting him up bodily and settling him back on his cock. Water dripped into their eyes and mouths and down their bodies, drowning out their screams and moans. Steve held Tony up; Tony clung to Steve desperately, tightly, feeling Steve’s come leaking out of his ass. It was hot, and Tony cried out as Steve held his cock in his hand as he came.
Steve Rogers like the one who was facing him now. It was shocking, to say the least, because those sky-blue eyes were never shiny with unshed tears, nor were there ever any wrinkles on his perfect forehead. Dream-Steve was never so unsure of himself, haunching his shoulders forward, or gave Tony a grief-stricken look. It caught Tony utterly off-guard; he knew how to ride through a dream of a murderous Steve. He didn’t know how to deal with this miserable man in front of him.
Tony brought the single feather to the light. “Your feather reminds me of a raven’s. And besides death, do you know what a raven also symbolize? Creation and knowledge.”
Then the echo of the high-powered whine reached Tony’s ears, and he nearly spilled his coffee as he turned.
“It was inevitable,” Tony replied. “We were stronger together, but Thanos took advantage of our weakness.”
Steve breathed and leaned forward. Tony pressed his forehead against his in comfort. “Can you do it?” Steve asked.
“This box isn’t supposed to be here,” Tony defended himself, dropping all pretense. But seriously, Tony warned the Doctor, and yet the box was still here. “It’s out of place, it’s glaringly obvious, and I can’t believe that no one has seen it yet!”
Before Tony can open his mouth, their sweet moment is interrupted by a shrill yell of Clint, and they look over to see Clint’s nose buried between his paws and Natasha walking away back towards her human who is standing at the edge of the field. Besides her human stood Sam and Clint's human, all calling them by name.
“Is that all you can say Steve? For two years, I had dreams of you killing me in that HYDRA bunker, over, and over, and over, and over…” Tony’s voice trailed off. “At least with that, I expected your anger. I was angry too.”
Bucky tossed his arm over Steve’s shoulders, his wings fluttering behind them. They were a gorgeous blue that reminded Steve of the ocean, rippling beautifully in the fall breeze. “I’m a freak anyway for being the new kid. Might as well be freaks together.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, and he smiled at the Bucky told him all the stories about his sister flying in the air with him.
“They should be honored I’m making upgrades on their ship,” Tony retorted. “It’s not very often I offer my services for free.”
Nebula was quiet for a moment, and her face flittered with fleeting expressions as she calculated it. Finally, she said, “Three weeks perhaps, maybe more. It would take us five days to reach the outpost, and then a little more than two weeks if all the wormholes are in working order.”
“Grounded, illnesses include asthma, nearsightedness,” the recruiter said. “Do you want me to go on? We need healthy men with the ability to fly.”
“What do we do now?” All of them, including the Wakandans, looked to him to take the next steps. And Steve didn’t have answer for them. He bit his lip and looked down, unable to face them. There wasn’t a man with a plan this time around. Steve was just a man out of his time, outliving most people.
…Tony thought absently, wracking his mind and sifting old information. He had done research on the Mind Stone thanks to Vision and his patience with Tony’s eagerness to do tests on the Stone. It’s been several years already since the initial research, and much of the knowledge he had acquired during that time had been overwritten by newer knowledge and research. Still, if he could just figure out the wavelength of the Mind Stone, he would be able to find Thanos.
The sheer simplicity of the question was so complicated that Steve burst out laughing. Because if he didn’t laugh, he would break down and lose all the confidence that Tony had just built within him. “No, I’m not.” Steve closed his eyes.
“Captain,” Fury greeted him, his wings primed behind him. It was if the Director was always alert, on guard, ready to fly and fight at a moment’s notice. Steve noted that his wings looked black, but they weren’t as dark as his: there was a tinge of dark purple that stained his otherwise black wings. “I’m Fury, director of SHIELD. Welcome to the twenty-first century.”
He thought back to it. A dream, no confirmation of which Tony was alive or dead. Yet, Steve felt like he wasn’t dead; he was alive and out there, somewhere. And perhaps his dream wasn’t just a dream.
appreciated it in a way that Howard never did. Even Obie gave him a calculated look whenever he showed him anything.
Natasha looked up again. “He loved you,” she argued back. “Everyone knew that. You were his favorite. But I don’t think you realize how much he cared for you.”
Steve nodded. He was terrified. Everything, all of his worst fears for years, were laid out on his table, and Tony ripped them apart like they were nothing.
Of course, how could I, an uncivilised piglet, know anything about conspicuously ostentation verbiage in the form of ear-assaulting peroration.
“It’s... “ Steve sighed. “It’s nothing to do with the mission. Or the job. It’s personal, I don’t want to bother you with it.”
“Stark” was written on the side of it, and he stilled. As the cries of the wolves grew louder and closer, he scrambled back, away from them, away from his own missile…
Steve stroked his ma’s hand, fighting back the tears. He deserved it, he supposed, with the fact that his wings were black, bringing bad omens.
Steve shoved the last goon into the wall in a frustrated fit before he slammed the edge of his shield into the electronic keypad. He was tired of HYDRA’s shenanigans, to say the least. They had better things to do than to chase down every last bit of HYDRA that would
Tony’s eyes were cold as ice and boiling as hot as fire. It wasn’t the Tony he wanted to see, if Steve admitted. But it wasn’t fair at all, to hear Tony accusing him of all that. It
Tony wished he could feel the warmth from the other side of the barrier when he pressed back. He gritted his teeth and shook his head, trying not to convey the sense of hopelessness when he thought about the work back on the ship and the failed attempts at finding the Stones and Thanos. “It’s…not going well,” Tony admitted. “Our resources are dwindling, no leads on the Stones. We’re drifting in space.
Tony understood; Steve knew Tony understood. “But I didn’t. Look at me Steve, baby, please.” Steve stared into Tony’s eyes: they were fully trusting, just like the way Steve trusted Tony the first time Tony dropped the feather into his lap.
Had Steve been a bird, his feathers would have puffed up at that. But all he could do was stand a little straighter, a little prouder, warm with the flattery and the bond shared between the two of them. “That’s good to hear. Here I was, thinking it was
Tony was clad in a cheap-looking Dracula costume, one that might have been purchased from a pop-up Halloween store, and the thought behind the action was as heartwarming as it was hilarious. Steve could imagine him strolling on by in his expensive, already vampiric-adjacent clothing, seeing those funny boots and that shiny cape, and going, “You know what I’ll do this Halloween?”
She kept her eyes on the computer screen. Steve, always one for pacing if he had the opportunity, trailed along the outer edges of the room, only stopping to stand behind Nat and watch the computer screen with her.
It would be over soon, though, wouldn't it? It'd be over. He'd wake up alone in his room again, and he'd be able to remember that red more clearly than ever, and maybe he'd remember Tony better, too.
It had been days since the mission. The discomfort had worn off, and Steve had reacclimated himself to the relative peace and quiet of the mansion. They’d been planning next steps; all data and research related to biosamples of the Avengers and the weapon itself were set to be deleted at the end of the week, giving them a date by which their plan needed to be solidified. They’d go in, take care of the weapon, find any physical copies of the same data, and the threat would (hopefully) be neutralized. They’d still keep Jack Marshall on their radar, just in case— they’d look into how, exactly, he’d acquired the samples he did in the first place, as well— but for the moment at least, he seemed to be little more than a nuisance to file away.
He pulled Steve into another tight hug, pressing his face into the crook of Steve's neck as he suppressed his shaky breath.
about how angular and- and shapeless his life had become until he caught a glimpse of Sam's gorgeous intricate wings and the delicately recreated feathers at the end of Hawkeye's arrows in his weathered quiver.
He got up. He dropped to the cold floor (which felt like marble, but without the marbling, and he wasn't quite sure if that was a separate thing or not, but he certainly was planning on taking a few minutes out of his day to think about it) and began to count his push-ups, slowing them down enough to draw out the amount of time he could fill up with this without fucking up his pre-set conditions. He was at 74 when he saw a hint of fog slipping down from above out of the corner of his eye, and by the time he'd hit 86, his vision had begun to blur. He collapsed to the floor before 90.
Steve’s hand came to rest in Tony’s hair as Tony got closer. Tony pressed against the touch, as much as he would have liked to say he didn’t, and leaned forward to let his cheek rest against Steve’s thigh. If Steve was so loose about undressing him, he could be loose about undressing Steve, couldn’t he? He deftly unbuttoned Steve’s pants, pulled the zipper down, and… glanced up.
“Get off’a me, I need to find Netflix.” Steve unceremoniously set a hand on Tony’s side and gently shoved him back onto the couch, grinning at Tony’s small “oof.”
and not-quite-Cap-but-almost-Cap it was. He’d donned the sunflower print dress shirt Tony was so keen on putting him in, matched with a nice pair of brown slacks and shoes. He cleared his throat, smiling politely at Carol before turning his attention to Tony.
Tony paused. He sank back into his chair, though his posture was anything but relaxed. He met Steve’s eyes-
Something in him keeps in mind the eye of the public, its gaze like chains around his wrists tethering him forcefully to reality. He keeps in mind the drunks, the depressed, and all those in need who were at one point deluded into thinking he was some kind of role model, some pinnacle of modern health and recovery that he just— He isn’t, he feels like. Not anymore. Recovery certainly isn’t linear, but if it ends like this, is it really recovery?
It was hot metal, being scraped down his body from his shoulder blades to the small of his back. It was then that he realized how little he'd been using his voice in the past however long it had been, because the pained scream that was torn out of his throat was more sharp and agonizing than any he'd let out before.
Steve sat up a little straighter, reaching out for Tony’s hand. He took hold of Tony’s wrist, thumb running along his skin in what might have been an attempt at a soothing touch. When Tony met his eyes again, Steve looked almost guilty.
But part of him is thinking about it like a high schooler might think about Valentine’s Day. Sure, it might hurt to break up the day before, but is it worse to milk him for all he’s got the day of and then royally fuck it all up the day after? Is it?
Steve smiled, pocketing his little notebook and resting his thumbs in the waistband of his pajama pants. “There’s no better company I could ask for, Shellhead.”
“I could tonight.” It was a tad bit more teasing than Tony intended for it to come out, but in all fairness, there was hardly any other way it could have been received. Steve seemed to enjoy the small display of attitude, though, and if ever Tony were to be egged on by something, it would be that funny little smile of Steve’s.
“We’re home free, and hardly worse for the wear. But Kang lost his chance to restore Ravonna to life,” the Knight asserted.
Tony, having mustered up the courage to reach up on his own— to be more than a passive party in this— pulled at the edge of Steve’s tee.
So, Steve concluded, Tony must have had an iron deficiency. Something to that effect, at least. He became faint without warning, he was chilly as the dead, and he was as pale as any man Steve had ever seen.
He'd forgotten the question. Blue was blue was blue;  it was the color of the navy blazer his father gifted him on his 14th birthday when he'd come home for Christmas. It was the color of the Jays he'd watch in the after-school birding club, and often the color of the pen he'd use to check those Jays off the list year after year after year. It was the color of the sky, the color of ties and pocket squares hung up in his closet, the color of sapphire cufflinks and curacao and fire, even, if you fixed it the right way.
Steve stepped up onto Tony's boots, wrapping his unbandaged arm around Tony's neck to keep himself secure. Tony held him tight with one arm just in case- or maybe for his own sake, which Steve couldn't blame him for in the slightest- and the faceplate dropped.
The last thing Steve heard before the door closed behind them was, “Honey, you’re kidding yourself if you think you’re a pauper.”
“What’re you doing?” Tony asked, turning tiredly onto his side as he watched Steve with a dazed expression.
He shuddered at the thought, at the feeling of Steve’s cock nudging against the back of his throat and (with some effort), slipping in ever deeper. His body went white hot at Steve’s responding moan, broken and stuttered and so, so restrained.
“Okay, I—” Tony cleared his throat. Steve could almost visualize him, how he’d be talking if he were standing right in front of Steve. He could imagine Tony raising his hands from the keyboard, holding them up in a loose surrender. He could imagine the ever-so-slight tilt of Tony’s head, the apologetic straightening of his lips and downcast gaze. “Sorry, got distracted. I didn’t like how he was touching you. And I didn’t like that you were clearly grinning and bearing it when it wasn’t necessary at that point.”
“That’s right.” Carol pressed the button of the little clicker she held in her hand, and the image on the projector shifted. On it was the floorplan of a large, warehouse-like facility with a small ‘X’ marking one specific room; Steve’s eyes went to the exits first, then the chokepoints. His mind conjured up images of security guards— where he’d send them, what their most efficient pathing would be. He wondered idly what the colors of the walls were, what color a guard might wear, what the team would have to do to get inside the damn place and navigate it undetected.
He shifted on the bed, reaching over Tony to nab the condom from the nightstand. There was a soft clink as he did, and it only then occurred to Tony that he might have been wearing dog tags. Tony set his hand on the side of Steve’s neck and traced it downward until he felt two thin, cold chains laying just underneath the collar of Steve’s shirt. He slipped his finger underneath them and pulled, his hand following the chains until the tags rested loosely on his fingers.
Tony had said to him, a bite in his voice unlike anything Steve had heard before, like he was speaking to a cruel adversary post-attack and not a close friend of his,
There were plenty of other drawings. Cats on the windowsill, the city skyline from what Tony assumed to be a point on Steve’s bed, trees and flowers, and all sorts of things akin to those.
Iron Man mimed zipping up his mouth and locking it with a key, tossing the imaginary key over his shoulder. “I’d hate to hurt your feelings.”
The truth of it is, none of that was better, really. He was still prone to pensiveness as a child, and his nostalgia is bitter, ever-changing, lying to him. He read his books in the courtyard and was humiliated for it. He’d hide behind his mother and he’d be shooed into the next room (the regret on her face evident, the concern for him clear). He’d think,
And he was sure there was something… deeply rooted about it, something about male fragility or hypermasculinity. It may have even been some over-feminization of the Spirit of Christmas, which Steve had actually been guilty of during the holidays; he was half convinced that skinny trees were for girls, snowflake print shirts were too gay for him— no offense, Tony, he’d said, like they weren’t
he thought, sleepily, and he truly believed no one could blame him for the complete blank-mindedness (he’d love to be able to sugar-coat it for himself, but it was what it was) that came after a night with Tony Stark.
,” Steve starts, and it dawns upon Tony that he started talking at some point in the middle of all that thinking. He’s not sure what he said. He’s certain, though, that nothing of it was as eloquent at loud as it had been in his head. It never is. Steve doesn’t seem to mind. “Look at me, c’mere.”
He was fully equipped for the kind of self-validation that so many had built up inside of them, and yet…
who drew or sang or did drag in their mother’s walk-in closets. He didn’t care who wrote poetry under the bleachers at school or who hid panties in their dressers.
The walls were white- the kind of white that the penthouse was, sterile and immaculately kept. It wasn't much of a comfort; their penthouse, at the very least, had splashes of colors and plants in some corners and crevices. This room had nothing of the sort. There was a white bed with a white bed frame and white sheets, and a white table in the corner with a white chair, and there was a white shirt and a white pair of pants for him to change into atop that white table, which he kindly (read: resentfully) refused.
He could clear his search history after the fact. He didn’t have to mention the stories if he found them, and hell, he didn’t even know that he’d find them. He didn’t have to do anything but look. And if he found something, he’d read it, and he’d understand it, and he’d… be better for it. That was how it went, right? He didn’t— He didn’t get all of the medical shit, he didn’t get all the parts of the brain and what was pushing against what or squishing what or why Tony’s head seemed to be imploding in on itself all the damn time.
The time he woke up after that, they'd have his legs fixed firmly to the wall. He'd struggle still, and with each act of rebellion, he was restricted even further, until he'd wake up completely and utterly immobilized, only able to scan the room and the faces of those working on him. He couldn't even open his mouth to speak, and for them, that was for the better.
Before Tony could press further, Steve reached down, popping the bin open by its sides and setting the lid down against the nightstand. Inside was a collection of leather-bound sketchbooks, their pages uneven, thick and worn. Underneath the layer of books were canvases of varying sizes and carefully put-together bags of supplies. Not a single painting was complete, and Tony’s fingers found their way to the bare white of the edges of one, his fingertip tracing along the exposed sketch.
“Well,” Tony started, tilting his head down and slowly urging Steve’s cock into his mouth. It was a tease then and nothing more, Tony bobbing his head slowly, using the leverage of one flat palm against the bed to control the rise and fall of his torso. He heard the distant, quiet
“We need an in,” Nat said. “We can’t force info out of him. We can’t arouse suspicion. We need someone who can get close enough to connect to the database they’re operating with from an already authorized account, so as not to ring any alarm bells.”
Steve huffed, sat up, swung his legs over the edge of the bed. He rolled his shoulders back and took a half second to stretch the tension of the night away.
That was nice. It was a nice night. Tony shouldn’t have been tainting it with thoughts of cold and abandonment and— and mourning. It wasn’t right. It wasn’t fair to Steve.
Tony laughed again, not any less awkward than the first time. “You got all dressed up to take me to a diner?”
“Business partner.” It was a half-truth. The man was, in fact, a business partner— a business partner he happened to be fucking on the regular. He’d figured it was more than that at one point, but after the multiple instances of being stood up (and after going through all the trouble to get there, no less), he wasn’t quite as sure.
Steve met Tony’s eyes, huffed indignantly, and then turned his attention back to the screen. Tony was content to settle against him and chomp some popcorn for a bit. It wouldn’t take Steve long to find the movie.
he would have said at 8, at 10, at 13-- he may have said it more quietly with each passing year, but if nothing else, it would have crossed his mind. He was ever the pedant, at times to a fault, but a pedant with the brain of a child was often little more than a tiny person saying "Gotcha!" every so often, convinced they'd picked something apart when they had far more to learn.
“What’re you up to, ‘round here?” he asked the stranger, planting himself more firmly in his seat. He raised a finger to flag the bartender down for another drink.
Tony wore the armor to meetings like this, yes, but Tony, busy as he was, had taken time out of his day and sacrificed some other responsibilities of his to attend this meeting. It just wasn’t nearly enough time to warrant a costume change; Tony sat at the table in a sharp, sleek pinstriped suit, ready to leave the second the meeting was over. Steve would be lying if he said there wasn’t the slightest shift in energy radiating off of Tony. Whether it was the fact that Steve was used to the brighter, more cheerful colors of the armor or the fact that Tony
Part of Steve thought to check the internet, to put every word and phrase he could remember into the search bar and let the poor thing scour the web tirelessly for any words that matched his jumbled memories. He couldn’t quite bring himself to do it, though. He never knew why.
He was proud to be where he was, then. He was proud of the growth he'd experienced and the changes he'd made. Some days, it was a kind of proud separate from himself, more akin to a feeling of "This is a version of me that's better for the world," as opposed to "This is a version of me that's better for me." Other days, he looked at everything he'd built with those he loved and the home he would forever be grateful for, and he felt a different kind of pride.
There was a glass of wine beside the makeup collected onto one side of the vanity- what looked like wine, at least, but Steve registered the familiar scent after a moment, the scent that hit him hard almost every other day when he walked in on Tony having a drink. Tony took a sip, and the liquid inside was thicker than any wine would be.
Steve shrugged his coat off, draping it loosely over the frame of the bed as he took a seat. Tony was familiar enough with the room at that point (it hadn’t been the first time he’d stayed there, after all) that he could track Steve’s movements with his eyes as he busied himself with other things. He made his way to the kitchenette, his shoulders forcefully loosened and his posture, with great effort, relaxed. He was the epitome, it seemed, of cool and casual— it only took all of his brainpower to make that so.
He looked confident in a way he hadn’t the night prior. He was cute, Tony thought, if a bit hesitant. He’d looked at Tony like a gift he wasn’t sure belonged to him— ever so carefully, he’d unwrapped Tony in the same way. It felt forbidden. Tony himself felt forbidden, both flattered and not, grateful for the fact that he was still a temptation in his age and dreading the sinful implications that followed.
Tony tore his eyes away from Steve as he continued to apply his foundation, pulling it down his neck, then, and painting himself into reality.
Steve shifted his weight from foot to foot, his gaze downcast as he picked at the edges of the bag with his thumb. Tony felt guilt settle like a stone in his chest, felt the pain of his nerves stretching and twisting to accommodate it. He pushed, didn’t he? He pushed too much. Crossed a line.
Laying there, with the memory of his back against the sparring mat and Steve's hand outstretched for him, with the memory of Steve's eyes on his, he thought there was something poetic about all that
Plenty of folks walked around loving themselves into existence, and Tony knew that well. He never quite viewed himself as one half of a whole, never saw himself as
“Yeah, they’re… They’re really—” Tony’s voice cracked as he spoke, and he felt about as shocked as Steve looked at that. He reached up, touching a fingertip to his eye, and found it came away wet. “Uh.”
One more time, he dug his nails in and dragged harshly down, and lines of red began to follow. Red like Tony. Red like silk. Red like lace.
“You make a habit out of watching the sunrise?” Tony asked. There was no judgment Steve could read from his tone, no mocking amusement. Still, he stiffened ever so slightly, trying to will the feeling away.
“Here,” Steve interrupted, rolling over the compliment like he didn’t know quite what to do with it. He took the book out of Tony’s hands, his own grip trembling just enough for Tony to notice. He flipped the pages himself, Tony watching his eyes as he did; his irises shook like his fingers, darting across pages as he skimmed over his own work.
Steve laughed, reaching into his own pocket to place his pipe in his mouth. He couldn’t do an impression of his own, but he thought it funny regardless that they seemed to be in such similar positions. Tony beamed at him as he removed the fangs once again.
Tony gave a curt nod, adjusting the cape so it rested more comfortably around his shoulders as he made his way out of the ballroom. He glanced over his shoulder every so often to watch for Steve. That tended to be their manner of checking in with each other during parties and galas and all sorts of crowded events; Tony would lead, Steve would listen for his shoes if he was lost in the crowd (as faces and heads and bodies blurred together sometimes, when he was especially overwhelmed), and Tony would check to make sure Steve heard.
Tony lay back again, shifting downward on the bed so he could take advantage of the pillows he’d placed before. His gaze was fixed to the ceiling, expression inscrutable.
"Avengers," she started. Clint unsheathed an arrow from his quiver, and the lethal expression in his eyes twisted into something more eager. He glanced at Carol, who offered him an understanding nod. "Let's blow the shit out of this place."
Maybe it was a miscommunication. Tony was prone to miscommunications. Maybe he’d gone to the wrong bar. Maybe he’d gotten the time and date wrong.
And then Tony turned away, reaching behind himself with some effort to prop himself up with a pillow. Steve took hold of its corner, tugging it into what looked like a more comfortable position, and gave Tony’s arm a gentle
They continued on like that for a while, for a small infinity, until their breaths came in shallowly and their hips twitched and they came together, Tony slumping over Steve’s shoulder with a breathless laugh.
“They’re probably in the crowd. Loose shirts, guns tucked into the waistbands… You know. I’d just keep an eye on anyone as big as you. We won’t have to worry about it if we’re careful.”
There was a note, too, stuck to the base of the lamp. Tony reached over, hissing slightly at the pain of the stretch, and flicked the light on.
He woke up alone in the bed but not in the bedroom. He was no longer holding Tony, but Tony was clearly in sight, sitting at his vanity with an assortment of makeup laid out in front of him. As he painted his foundation on, Steve could see the beginnings of a reflection appearing in the mirror, just a short bit above the collar of his shirt. Tony paused when Steve shifted, reaching into his drawer to slip in a pair of contacts. He blinked a few times, then looked back up, his eyes (a close approximation of them, at least) reflected in the mirror back at Steve, meeting his gaze.
, he thought, and it gave him a new sense of purpose. When he woke up next to Tony Stark, he woke up content.
Part of him misses being a child in these moments. Part of him misses having his nose stuck in a book in the courtyard, the sun bearing down on his too-dark uniform. He misses being a third of his mother’s size, hiding behind her legs when the world was too much for him. He misses being so young and so stupid that he could delude himself into thinking atonement was open to him— being some poor, sad fucking 7-or-8-or-9-or-10 year old doomed by rot in his veins and the nature to share it all. He can’t remember how long it’s been since he’s been more good than bad. Maybe he never was.
Tony's intelligence, his drive, his up-played hubris couldn't pull him back from it, then. His brain had been set alight with wonder and awe at the thought of Steve, the reality of the electric blue sparks that seemed to buzz off him in droves. There was no level of genius that could keep him from wondering; how blue are Steve's eyes? How are they so deep, so dark? How are they structured? What do they look like up close? If Steve could just
The mansion the next night was quieter than normal; everyone seemed to be recovering from the exhaustion of the day prior. Steve understood, but couldn’t quite empathize— he felt more awake, more alive, almost buzzing with the feeling of a job well done.
Steve didn't have the strength to take much more, and as his body went white-hot, his vision went black.
He figured he’d been dehumanized plenty enough to be desensitized to it, but objectification was a hell of a thing.
they seemed to have similar levels of expertise here— Jan, because of her inclination toward fashion, and Tony, because of his… well, experience.
Tony Stark’s voice followed two muted knocks on the doorway of Steve’s bedroom. Steve, sitting quite contentedly at his desk, raised his head from the book he’d been reading (
Bulletproof vest with some… suspect attachment. Some sort of communicative device. Anything akin to that. It would have been
“And I can’t imagine what pressing a ‘self-destruct’ button on a weapon like that would do. Even thinking about the number of casualties it could amass makes my head hurt. I mean, this guy’s well known. Well protected.”
well. The funny thing about asking your best friend out was that, at the end of the day, he was still your best friend. He laughed at all the same jokes, he made some of his own, his eyes lit up at all the same things, and it was— It was just
Though certainly demanding, Steve’s touches were gentle. His hand rested feather-light on Tony’s shoulder, tracing the curves of his arms down to the tips of his fingers. Tony, who was usually more than enthusiastic when it came to jumping in, found himself almost paralyzed. It wasn’t as if he’d never been treated so tenderly. He wasn’t shy in bringing men home, and it just so happened that every so often, there would be a guy who wanted that, who might’ve been using Tony for some mimicry of fearless love the way Tony used him.
, more like. The people who knew what it meant to be people, and the people who didn't. He got older, and he realized that maybe he wasn't so sure what it meant to be a person after all. Maybe no one was.
“Tony, I’ve been with the man you’ve been with, and I don’t mean to hurt your feelings when I say this, but I don’t think
of unwilling experimentation, but his weeks or months or years of captivity had certainly done funnier things to him.
He stood, straightening one leg after another to get the blood flowing, and headed to the bathroom to wash up. Too exhausted to properly brush his teeth, he gargled a small cup of mouthwash, resting a flat palm on the bathroom counter to steady himself.
“Absolutely not.” Nat gently bopped Jan’s knuckles with the pen in her hand. “But you can feel free.”
As he felt the hard, inflexible circle of metal under Steve’s shirt, Tony wondered how he hadn’t noticed it before. He pulled his hand away, and he found that he could identify the edges of the thing through the fabric, faint as they were.
Tony wondered if Steve thought the same of him. They'd locked eyes so many times-- in battle, in meetings, both face-to-face and through the slits of the suit. Every time,
Steve took a seat at the bar and, trying not to look like he was staring, kept an eye on the target. He’d wait.
“Let me take care of you, now,” he said, calling attention to the near painful hard-on that Tony had forgotten to tend to. “C’mere, in my lap, doll.”
Jan, seeming a little more comfortable with the beginnings of a plan in place, clearly thought a half-joke wouldn’t hurt: “You gonna honeypot, Nat?”
He woke up. His sheets were scratchy, but he'd grown used to it. It wasn't like he was a stranger to uncomfortable sleeping conditions, but he had to admit, having a billionaire for a husband made it easy to get used to 400... thousand, or something, Egyptian silk (or cotton, or something) sheets. It was easy to miss the lace trim of the robes Tony sometimes slept in (they were red, usually, such a vibrant red, and, Lord, Steve missed that red) when he held onto his stiff white pillow in his stiff white bed. He was vaguely aware of what it was he was missing, but he couldn't actually bring himself to think of words like
His eyes landed on the walls, and though the reddish tone of the light softened the harshness of the white paint, his face fell.
“I don’t think a werewolf can judge a vampire in this day and age, Tony,” Steve said simply, though he was still in a good bit of shock, and his words may have seemed more distant than he intended. “That’s archaic.”
he said in his mind, hoping that the sentiment would carry to whomever it was he might have gotten a tad bit too close to.
At the end of the day, if they couldn’t wash the blood from Cap’s suit, they’d replace it. They’d scrub him clean one way or another.
And though Tony wasn’t tinkering or walking through the mansion, Steve could smell his scent in the room and hear his soft breaths, and he was lulled asleep once more.
They spent time together like that often. They’d go on walks, or they’d sit in a common area together and read (or work, when Tony had work to do, and Tony very often had work to do). It happened that they sought each other out more often than not- more often, Steve thought, than any other members of the team did with each other.
Steve took a deep, probably audible breath and started on his way to Marshall. Before he could get to the guy, Tony’s voice shocked him out of his focus.
He still asked. He still wondered. But instead of researching, he simply hypothesized. He'd ask a friend if it was convenient--
He'd dreamt of a rescue, and yet, at some point, it began to slip from his mind. It wasn't like he thought they'd given up on him; he'd just felt so isolated, so far away from them. Some days (he thought they were days, at least, but again, he could hardly tell), he was more in the past than in the future, focused more on the memories of his loved ones than the reality that he'd see them again someday.
Something tightened in Tony’s chest— for a brief moment, he felt more longing than he had in some time. It was no longer the
Maybe it’ll be Jan. Maybe they’ll call Rhodey in— he’s always had the key to every door Tony’s locked, after all.
And though Tony had questions, he didn’t ask. He wasn’t sure whether it was out of respect or blind obedience, given that he also didn’t give an affirmative. All he did was stare, letting his hand drop back to the bed as Steve moved on. He did what Steve asked. Nothing more, nothing less.
He can count on one hand how many times he’s tried to feel this release, how many times he’s tried to push himself to the brink, but even then, it’s never been for him. It never will be— at least, not entirely. Peaceful, fulfilling deaths are reserved for those who deserved the lives that preceded them.
Steve gave him a skeptical look, but let it be, tearing bits off his own bagels and popping them into his mouth. “Sleep well?”
That belief had only been strengthened each day he was alive. He met the Avengers, he met Tony Stark- Lord, that brilliant, gorgeous Tony Stark- and he was lucky enough to retrieve some of the things he'd lost from the past. He was paid for his service, given his medals and his honors, he was given a place to belong, and he was given a new lease on life. Even Bucky had come back, broken and changed as he was, and Steve was grateful for the fact that he was allowed a second chance as well regardless of how well he was set up for it. Damaged was better than dead, he thought.
of sweetness, the kind of sweetness one might find at the bottom of one bottle and the top of the next.
Tony nodded, sighing with relief as he shifted to rest on his knees. Steve’s eyes, soft and watchful, locked with his. Tony could have sworn there was a hint of conflict in his gaze or a furrow in his brow, but Tony had been wrongly sure of himself in the past. He was projecting, wasn’t he? There was no reason for Steve to look at him like he wasn’t wanted.
He couldn't say he was surprised waking up in any specific room under any specific circumstances. To be surprised, he figured he had to have expectations, and he thought he'd lost the ability to expect anything from his captors a long while ago.
Steve’s hair was a dusty kind of red, his eyes brown, his lips thinner and his cheekbones sharper. He didn’t feel quite like himself, but he supposed that was the point.
He usually had more to say. He thought it odd how silenced he felt, and how little he minded. Maybe he really was that desperate. Maybe Steve really was some kind of fix for him, and Tony was behaving as well as he could in fear of the withdrawal that would come in Steve’s absence.
Tony let out a short, huffy laugh of disbelief. God, Steve missed his laugh so much. How could he not have thought about Tony's laugh?
They stand together. Steve pauses, keeps an eye on Tony. He doesn’t seem entirely ready to walk away.
The second issue with stubbornness in his line of work came with the reality of the job description. He was Captain America: he smiled for pictures, he played nice with politicians (within reason), he beat the shit out of Nazis and other worldly (or space-ly) threats, he filled out paperwork, he filled out more paperwork, and every so often, he was kidnapped.
“Be back in a sec,” he mumbled, finally standing and heading to the kitchen  to nab Tony’s drink. He filled the cup directly from the sink, quick and easy; the cup itself was plastic, thick enough to be a little on the weightier side when empty and sturdy enough that it wouldn’t break if dropped.
“Tony,” Steve repeats, more wounded this time. He wraps his arms around Tony, pulls Tony in. Tony’s sobs are quiet, and he knows he’s only pressing closer to muffle them, some voice in his head telling him that to cry openly is dangerous, still, after all these years.
He thought Bucky was happy with his second chance. As happy as he could be, at least. He had Nat, and there were plenty of days where he looked at Clint and Sam more like family members than nuisances (though, even the latter seemed fond most times). He had his cat and his apartment, and his job suited him as well as any, though Steve sometimes didn't love to think of it in those terms.
Well, there it was. Tony Stark was a stellar fucking conversationalist, clearly. People were practically falling over themselves to get a spot in line to speak to him, weren’t they? And why wouldn’t they, for riveting tidbits like “Right, yeah”?
Personal. That was a little personal. He’d try to shake the thought of Tony— both of them— in that position.
“You got an army kink, Tony?” Steve asked. He watched, a pleased crinkle around his eyes as Tony fidgeted with the thin pieces of metal.
"I take it you're all willing to take this on without us?" Tony asked, turning his head to face the team behind them.
Tony laughed. It was quiet, sweet. “Yeah, alright. I’m guessing I can’t get you on the dance floor, then?”
“What about you?” Steve asked, and Tony was shocked enough to flinch, however slightly. Steve gave him a look, but didn’t acknowledge it much past that.
Tony’s body seemed to settle into the touch before Tony’s mind did. Steve saw the awkward darting of his eyes, the turning of his head as he tried to decide where to look. But Tony did settle as usual, going so far as to scoot a little closer to Steve, letting his back rest against Steve’s chest.
Tony turned to him, pausing for a quiet moment before turning back to the racks. He ran his hand across the hangers, pulling them away from each other one-by-one to see what was sandwiched onto the display, and stopped.
Steve heard quite a bit through the night. He had half the mind to ask Tony to quiet down in the beginning, but as the months passed, he found comfort in the tinkering, the footsteps, and even the occasional flickering of candlelight illuminating the gap underneath his doorway as Tony made his way through the halls of the mansion.
Or maybe he could investigate recklessly; maybe he could dig a little deeper, look a little harder, question what the
Steve draped an arm over Tony’s side, resting his forehead against Tony’s shoulder blade. Tension no longer lined the muscles of Tony’s body; as much as Tony had forgotten him, Tony knew him, still. He knew Steve in the way the sun knew the sky— not always clear, but always there, intertwined.
“You alright?” Steve asked, shifting his weight to one forearm against the bed so he could reach up to touch Tony’s cheek.
It was then that she displayed something that truly boggled Steve’s mind, something he thought only a prostitute or a stripper might wear. It was… in the
“I’m quite alright,” Tony said. He looked covered enough, but the materials draping from his body always seemed so weightless, so thin. He wore silk and velvet (both crushed and uncrushed), lace and other sheer fabrics, and altogether un-warm clothing that would do him no good in the Autumn cold.
With time, he came to listen for them, closing his eyes but refraining from dozing off until he heard those familiar sounds that served as confirmation that Tony was alive and well.
Steve stared at him a little dumbly, eyes glimmering with admiration. He thought sometimes that Iron Man was just as smart as Tony Stark— or maybe Tony had been rubbing off on him. Either way, both men were awe-inspiring. Steve wasn’t going to complain about having
“Are we the only one on this line? Do the others know you’re talking to me like this? I could report you to HR if I felt inclined.” Steve moved, then, toward the dance floor. He wasn’t thrilled about it, but he thought the movement of it might provide a more organic route for him to scope the whole place out.
“It was the mission, Shellhead.” There was no severity to Steve’s tone, no harshness. Tony seemed concerned, and Steve couldn’t fault him for that.
He didn't know. In that moment, he really didn't know. Was it worth it? Was he going back on everything he'd said and everything he'd fought for for so long, just by laying there on that table after months or years or decades (not decades, of course not decades, but he was so tired and so separate from himself and so disconnected from reality that he'd believe it if you told him it was true)?
Tony met his eyes, fidgeting once more with his cup. He held his gaze, and Steve was overwhelmed, wondering what Tony might be thinking, thinking of Tony in kind, and there they were as they were always intended to be.
Tony rolled his shoulders back, letting the stretch of it splay across his shoulderblades before he pushed himself up to sit. Tiredly, he turned to his side, resting against the headboard with his head tilted down toward Steve. The robe he’d slept in slipped down his shoulder with the movement; without a thought, Steve pulled it back up so it sat even with the other side, tugging the midsection of the robe down to keep it in place.
He changed his definition of the phrase: knowing what it meant to be a person couldn't be synonymous with defending the dream. It couldn't be. There were more dreams to be had. He could thank plenty of people for broadening his horizons in that sense- Sharon did what needed to be done on a smaller scale, and Tony on a larger one. Both of them, Steve thought, were as good as any other person Steve could think of, if not better. Steve learned from Natasha, who'd been subjected to brutality so different from his own that he could hardly even conceptualize it some days, at least individually. He learned from Bucky and from Sam, and he learned from Clint, and he got to know all of those people who knew what it meant to be people in ways Steve couldn't fathom.
“Yep,” Steve confirmed under his breath. Thin, horizontal stripes of window lined the very tops of the walls; they didn’t allow for anyone to look in, really, but Steve liked them. He could see the stars through the glass, which was more calming a sight than anything else in the building.
Steve held the cup out for him. He half took it, relying partway on Steve to keep it steady. The furrow in his brow and small shift of discomfort weren’t lost on Steve; some days were easier than others, and this seemed to be a day that wasn’t the easiest for Tony. That was alright. Nothing they could do.
“Okay, you’re not actually mad about me making fun of Love Actually, are you?” he asked, sitting back.
“It’s just not anything special,” Jan argued. “Maybe if it had a mock turtleneck or something, or rolled sleeves. Tony, what gay stuff do guys wear these days?”
It may not have been the most logical conclusion to reach, in hindsight, but there were more important things to tend to.
He wasn’t sure he belonged to himself anymore, not in any capacity. He could have moments alone, certainly, and he fostered friendships and relationships and hobbies as much as anyone else did, but his body belonged to someone else. His loyalty lay somewhere other than within.
“Really, Steve.” Tony reached for his umbrella as he approached the doorway, checking over his shoulder to make sure he was being followed. “I’ll be alright.”
Jan nodded, though Steve couldn’t help but wonder how much evidence she had, personally, to back that agreement up. Then again, he supposed bondage wasn’t gay-specific, and Jan seemed… adventurous. And based on her conversation with Tony earlier, there was a chance that the
And he and Carol were the support, and potentially the brute force. The “if anyone notices us, we’re going to need you” guys. Tony’s stealth armor was tanky, but it wasn’t the strongest. Jan was plenty evasive (and strong, physically, with her suit), but crowd control wasn’t her forte. Nat was well armed and well-strategized, but even she couldn’t get five people out of a facility of armed guards. She’d gotten herself accustomed to team plays, and with that came some amount of dependency.
Steve let out a huff of a laugh. He swirled the liquid in his glass again, more quickly this time, as if the movement itself was agitating. “You really know how to make a guy feel wanted.”
“I draw,” Steve said that morning, backlit by the bright-dark blue of night seeping in from the window. It was quiet, and the movement of Steve’s lips was only just visible enough for Tony to know he’d spoken at all.
It was a sick cycle, and Steve was well aware of that; you fought to avenge those who fought before you. They fought to avenge those who fought before them. They all had their reasons, he supposed. Some men needed the money, the shelter, the sense of belonging... and some men, like him, just wanted to do good.
Tony hummed noncommittally. The jitters of before weren’t so strong, then. He inched closer to Steve until he could feel Steve’s breath on his jaw, fingers still idly caressing the metal embedded in him.
This was safe, he figured. The moment before the big reveal. Hell, it wasn’t even that big a reveal— Tony didn’t
Steve frowned, setting a firm hand on Tony’s shoulder. He’d been poked and prodded at for decades at that point; he certainly didn’t love the idea of someone having any samples from him on hand, but he didn’t consider it to be nearly as violating as some of his teammates— Tony especially— seemed to think it was.
“Hey, you’re back late,” Rhodey remarked, coming out of the bathroom with a towel around his neck. “How was lab?”
“I make your life interesting, Tony. And someone has to look out for you because you can’t take care of yourself.” He grinned brightly, ignoring Tony’s “Not true, Rhodey. I can take care of myself.” “James Rhodes.”
The fire department just called me asking if there was a fire on the 73rd floor, Tony. I hope you’re not still in the kitchen.
The raw honesty of that statement took Tony’s breath away. He didn’t understand, or maybe even believe it, but he believed Steve believed it, and that was enough. “Bed,” he whispered.
“Probably power surges and the weather,” Tony dismissed. “I don’t think that there’s anything to worry about. It’s typical.”
Still, he couldn’t stop absentmindedly pluck the covet feathers like a scab. It was just...he needed some pain to alleviate the guilt.
He liked this. Still though, there was something that was pressing on his mind, like the fact that Stevens felt just slightly out of place with a vernacular that was either too old, or too young, and the fact that he looked like he lived a million years already.
Which had been the question Tony was asking since the beginning of this whole affair. “I don’t know. But it’s not supposed to be here.”
But perhaps, when the battle was over and Loki was gone, his soulmate needn’t be a perfect replica of who he thought should be. Steve looked at Tony, his haunted face of nearly sacrificing himself for the sake of the world, and thought to himself,
“Well, she slept with the owner of her company, who took completely advantage of their power discrepancy to fuck with the man he’s really in love with, so let’s not shame her, shall we?” Pepper cocked an eyebrow without moving her eyes from Steve and Carol.
Stevens picked at his plate and nodded glumly. “It’s taking longer than I thought to ask for his forgiveness.”
This was the man he loved, and he was so happy that the man loved him too. With that thought in his mind, he came, Steve’s hand stroking him firmly while he went over the edge.
As Tony unbuttoned his shirt, the arc reactor emanated from his chest, glowing a soft blue. Steve had never noticed it before because Tony had covered it whenever he hung out. But now, Steve was looking at it, mesmerized by its pulsating and soft blue light. And then Tony took off his shirt and turned around.
Steve sobbed dryly. The sheer emotional rawness was too much, and he choked back a second sob. He saw Tony reaching over to spread something on his fingers, just before he pressed a digit against his asshole. It was too much, and emotions bubbled in his chest. Steve gasped wetly. “Don’t hold back, baby,” Tony said softly, slowly pushing in. “You can cry. I know it’s a lot to take it.”
For five minutes they were silent on their walk back to Tony’s place, but those five minutes were the longest in Tony’s life. For one, ever since he placed his hand in Stevens’s palm, he could feel the addictive warmth through his glove, and it felt safe. Warm, solid. And the man was beautiful, even if he was off his rockers sometimes.
Steve looked around. The kids were gawking, as they do, and they were staring at the black feather that Archie held in his hand, holding it proudly in the air like a trophy.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you,” Steve said lowly. “I should have been. We should have done this together.”
It was easy to fall into an easy focus where all paid attention to was his sketchbook in front of him; everything else around him died away. Still, he was a supersoldier, so he didn’t know how he missed a second presence in the living room until there was a black feather that appeared into his vision. Steve looked at it in dread: that was his feather.
He regretted it, not kissing Tony. He had a chance to; he wanted to! But it wasn’t fair for his Tony if he were to kiss this younger Tony now, even if they were the same person in different time periods.
“You will.” Bucky sounded so much more confident than how he felt. “If you have that mark, you’ll find them.”
Would be a better night if you dropped to your knees right now, but we can’t always get what we want, Tony thought viciously. He said instead, “Pep says we’re up 10% over last year and the night isn’t over.”
He reached blindly behind him, wrapping his arm around Steve’s head, and he dragged himself up, leaning his head back against those strong shoulders. “
“I’m not going to fight anymore,” Steve said tiredly, sitting down on the edge of his bed. “I just want to be a civilian.”
So, Tony's sleeping lightly when the deadbolt unlocks and the handle turns, listening to the barely-there footsteps entering the room. The bed dips under Steve's added weight, and Tony can feel his heat emanating through the thin blankets.
“Sixty-two hours.” Nebula followed him as he grabbed water and food from the kitchen. “We’re six hours away from the outpost, and when we get there, it won’t take too long to refuel and get more food. Then we can head towards Earth.” As Tony munched on dry biscuits, Nebula asked, “What are you making?”
Tony nodded, and he lifted his gauntleted arm up to stroke Steve’s face. “You caught me,” Tony said, grinning. “You did a good job.”
Steve finally swallowed the bite. “I got my soulmate mark,” he confessed, and a heart-warming grin graced his face.
The winter breeze was picking up again, as if the weather had one last spite for him, chilling him to the bone and reminding of the time - before, as if he wasn’t reminded already.
“Ugh, you guys, we’re in public, and in a crowded cafe!” Rhodey said in disgust, ribbing Tony and breaking the tension. “Can’t you just, I don’t know, make goo-goo eyes at each other somewhere else? Maybe get a room?”
He’s not here to tell him he’s sorry. His body filled with rage, and then regret for not realizing what he had done earlier. Now, Tony was only just a memory. A dream.
“Here,” Tony said, placing the metal feathers into Steve’s palms. They were much lighter than Steve expected, and they glistened in his palm as they caught the lights of Tony’s workshop.
When SHIELD got him settled in, he looked at himself in the mirror, perfect in all the ways he wasn’t before he got the serum, and he didn’t know the man who stared back at him. It was him, and yet it wasn’t. But maybe now, as he looked at the timer, his soulmate would like him.
Moving back even further, Steve kept his eyes on his mini counterpart, and he said gently, “We’re not here to hurt you.”
a howl that was abruptly cut off. Then, the acrid stench of too much warm blood filled his nose, and it took all of his self-control not to gag aloud. Tony closed his eyes, trying not to imagine what he thought had just happened.
Already, his mind was creating a hundred different scenarios and he moved forward slowly, eyes cataloguing the inventory of the ship, leaving Nebula behind with a fleeting thought. Spare metal was haphazardly stored away on one of the shelves; he had some nanites left from the fight, and he had done some research on Vision’s stone. He could scrap the holoscreen for his own use, and he was sure there was a sensor on this ship somewhere so that he could find the stones. If he knew the energy wavelength…Tony bit his lip, stopping in front of the dark screen. He reached out a hand to touch it, tilting it so that he could reveal the wiring in the back of the screen.
“Tony," Tony said. “I think, after all that we’ve fought together, we should be on a first name basis.”
As soon as Butterfingers settled beside DUM-E by the charging station, Tony stared after the bot, and he sighed. He turned back to his mental checklist, a never ending list of tasks that seems to grow longer every time he thought about it. He just wanted a good night’s sleep for once…was that too much to ask for? But with the imminent shareholder’s meeting, he had no choice but to work through the night so that he could at least make a dent in his work.
“SHIELD’s medical bay.” Fury stepped in front of him, hands behind his back, standing straight and confidently, looking like the director he was. “Some fishermen found you in the ice, and we brought you here so you could recover.”
Tony couldn’t protest with the way Rhodey forcibly directed him towards the table. Those piercing blue eyes looked amused when they approached, and Tony couldn’t stop the grin on his face. “Hello again, Stevens.”
But now it left escape. Between Yinsen and Tony, only Yinsen had the ability to shift. Tony was a fucking liability, unable to do the exact thing he was born to do. He couldn’t be fast; he was essentially human. He needed something like an armor to protect all his fragility.
“Everything, Tony,” Steve said, crying out loud when Tony sucked a bruise into his neck. His breath hitched, and he said again, “I want everything you give to me. All of it.”
“Did you get everyone, Rumlow?” someone asked. American. Tony’s eyes snapped open, but all he could see was the wall on the other side of the cavern. He didn’t know where Yinsen was, but considering that the voice seemed unconcerned, it mostly likely meant that Yinsen was dead.
“You done?” Nebula asked. Tony looked to the side to see her looking at him. In moments, a wave of exhaustion crashed over him, and he slumped back into his chair.
“Please. Hear me out,” Steve begged. “I’m sorry.” Steve raised his hand slowly, outstretched towards Tony. But Tony couldn’t bear his touch. Not now at least, not when he knew it wasn’t real. Tony took a small step back, just barely out of reach, and Steve’s face fell.
As if he heard him, Tony began to turn around, his immaculate goatee perfectly trimmed on his face and his wide brown eyes gazing back at him. His eyes told of inexplicable hurt, and God, it never fails to agonize his heart looking at him like that. Steve’s chest filled with guilt. Those eyes were frightened of him.
With a sigh, Tony formed the chestplate into its proper shape. It would protect him from most arms when they made their escape. The armor was crude, basic, plain, but it would work for the job. With a sigh, arms aching more than it should, Tony put down the hammer and dipped the chestplate into the barrel of cold water. It was the final piece to his armor.
“But time travel is impossible.” Even though Tony did see the size difference between the interior of the TARDIS in comparison to the exterior, it was just simply hard to believe that such a thing like time travel existed because it...just wasn’t possible.
Big, callused hands wrap around his waist, gripping excruciatingly tightly and lifting him so that his ass is in the air and his face is smashed against the pillow. The cool air of the room is a stark contrast to his overheated body, and he shivers again when the air nips every inch of his naked skin. Steve shifts so that his warm breath is
Tony laughed bitterly, but didn’t bother to reply. He didn’t believe Yinsen - he didn’t think he deserved a second chance. He had no way of escaping. He went from one hell right back to another, and he didn’t know which hell was worse. Each one was terrible in their own way. But there was also a frisson of hope within himself at the prospect of knowing that there was a mate who was waiting for him. He let the fire of hope burn within him before he tamped it firmly down. No, he couldn’t.
Rhodey ribbed him and sent him staggering sideways. Tony glared at his friend. “What did you do that for?”
“I don’t have one.” Tony looked down. It was true: he didn’t have a mate. He had an Alpha, and a shitty one at that, one who was willing to use anybody and everybody for his own agenda. He had been in hell for years; what was the point of going back, when he was only going to flee from the hell of this to the hell of the pitiful thing he called a pack and the hell of facing justice under the Human Rights Act.
The feathers rippled as Tony laughed. “I know what you meant, Steve, I was ribbing you. You can touch them.”
“Was that what you were hiding all this time?” Clint snarked, coming over to examine it further, looking past his shoulder. “A fully usable pair of wings under your baggy shirts? Man, I feel so cheated. You could have done so much more than be a flightless supersoldier.”
“I didn’t know that Bucky hurt Howard and your mother, not for sure. Back then, I only had an inkling that something happened between Bucky and Howard,” Steve finally said. Good. Tony felt less guilty when Steve defended himself. “I didn’t want to tell you before I could say for sure.”
And that strength easily turned Tony’s body around so that his chest pressed against the window. His nipples pressed against the cold glass, and Tony gasped, letting out a loud moan when Steve crowded behind him. While Tony’s breath fogged up the glass, he could still see everything that was going on outside, from the flickering lights of the stars above, to the slowly moving train of cars moving down below, crawling forward like ants.
“It’s…” Stevens tried saying, but Deborah had already left, walking away with a bounce to her step, and he trailed off, “not a sad beard.”
They couldn’t change the past; they can only hope for the best for the future. Hence, once Tony had finished making his routine checks of the ship, all he and Nebula had left to do was to sit, wait, let
a werewolf, there was no telling whether he would be alive or dead. He bit his lip. It was horrifying to know that fact.
“Stretch your wings out, there we go,” Tony encouraged. “You want to capture the wind so that you can be aerodynamic.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sarah said gently before she coughed, chest heaving and blood dribbling out her mouth. Steve grabbed the towel off the bedside table and wiped her mouth carefully.
Tony nodded vigorously. “I once built a suit out of a box of scraps in a cave. This time, I have a ship. I built an AI with scraps. The least I can do is to get us home.” Then, he looked at Nebula, honey brown eyes intense with perseverance. “I can do this. We’re going to Earth, and I’m going to need an extra set of hands to help me create the things we need to get them.”
“In time.” Steve dragged his hands up and fingered Tony’s nipples, “I’m admiring you and your body. It’s so attentive. Look at you, so beautiful and half-way out of your mind, wanting to please me.”
“We’re coming up into an era where heroes are needed. I’m putting together a team of extraordinary people…”
“Please,” Tony whispered. He turned the paper around, nearly ripping it in his haste, looking at the picture again. “Don’t lie to me. This is worse than when you stuck a shield in my chest. You walked away from me.”
That time, he couldn’t stop the painful moan he let slip out of his mouth. He hunched over, staggering a few steps and bracing himself against the wall, moving ever so slowly towards the bathroom. He bit his lip slightly too hard; he tasted blood in his mouth as he forced himself to move.
Steve nodded. The skin on his knuckles were no longer broken, and he still could use some more release. “Let me wash my hands first.”
Rhodey gave a cheeky grin back. “Nope.” But he let the matter drop anyway. This is why he was Tony’s best friend, and Tony appreciated him.
Tiny Steve chittered back, walking closer, hooves clicking against the granite countertop. They seemed excited to see each other, blushing all the while, Steve noted, but then his thoughts were interrupted by a hand on his shoulder. Tony looked at him, smiling gently.
Tony’s eyes were stormy. “You’re not ugly,” he said with conviction as if he heard Steve’s word. “Black wings mean nothing to me. Bad omens be damned.”
taken his back brace off in public because it was better not to show what his wings truly looked like. He took a step back and gulped.
“But it may be our only lead to fix all this,” Natasha said. She looked at the communicator. “Keep it powered up. Let’s hope that whoever’s on the other side while get the message, and not be gone as well."
But as soon as his grin appeared, it disappeared as the supersoldier serum kicked in and shedded the bleach from the feathers, as if his body knew that he was ill. The feathers molted and fell to the floor of his bathtub; in their place were a new set of blackened wings.
“It’s going to be better,” he promised himself, and then he poured the bottle of bleach over his wing muscles, letting the liquid seep down into his feathers.
He just wished that that smile would be directed towards him. Someday perhaps. “Hey there,” Tony said gently, “Do you need anything? Water, food?”
Steve punched through the punching bag with more force, shattering the chains that held it and sending it flying. “I told you I don’t want to be a part of it.”
Slowly and surely, the hardware component of the AI formed under his hands, wires connecting from one place to another. When the motherboard was finally placed into the box, Tony sighed and looked up. His eyes were dry from staring down for so long, but his heart was calmer and more settled than before.
Steve promises, “Lots of it. I’ll even collect them with you.” Steve looks down at Tony with bright blue eyes, tongue lolling out in hope and eagerness. "Will you come home with me?"
The other kids whispered “freak” under their breaths too, shying away from him when he looked at them.
“Save the speech Fury.” Steve turned around, and as he did so, he caught a glimpse of his wings. The wings that should have been hidden away and stuffed out of sight and out of mind. “I don’t want to be a part of it. I did my duty.”
They lost – they couldn’t protect what they sworn to protect. In an instant, millions of people died because of a force greater than what the Avengers could handle; they’d lost friends and teammates because they couldn’t keep their promise. The ashes lifted into the blowing breeze, leaving only dead silence in its wake. The grief hadn’t settled in yet, but in time, it would, and Earth would grieve for all the people she lost.
“Fascinating. Not sure if the Guardians would appreciate the modifications of their ship.” Nebula’s voice was flat, but Tony had an inkling that she was attempting dry humor. “But they’re not here, so I guess they can’t complain.”
“Every single man and woman who you took to bed all this time made me jealous, so very jealous,” Steve growled in his mouth. “I looked at every single one of them and wanted them to be me.”
Tony closed his eyes, inhaling Steve’s musk, ducking under to mouth Steve’s balls. “Fuck,” Steve groaned, gripping onto Tony’s hair. It was painfully tight, but he needed it. Tony moaned in return, mouth wide around the balls, sucking and massaging them. “I’m going to come. I’m going to come on your face, Tony.”
With his permission, it felt like a wave of emotion crashed over him, and Steve couldn’t hold back anymore. Tears dripped out of his eyes, and he wailed, letting Tony fuck him with finger. It was hard to breathe with the ache in his heart soothed by Tony’s litany of praises, fucking him with one finger.
Nebula’s voice was flat. “Because then I will have no purpose, and Thanos would be the ultimate ruler of the Universe, playing God to all. He is a madman, Stark, and he cannot have such power in his hands. There was a reason that all the stones were split in the first place – their power is too much for any one man to bear. Between you and I, I know him better: he played my father for decades, and Thanos ruined me completely, pitted me against Gamora, replaced me bit by bit with technology so that I could become stronger. He was a monster to me, and I became a monster because of him.” She growled here, grief and anger flashing on her face. She slammed a hand hard against the armrest, and the metal bent down at the force, creaking. “He killed my family, my original one, and then he killed Gamora, so it is my vow to end him and his reign of terror. Even if you don’t fight against Thanos, I plan to kill him, and with him, destroy the Infinity Stones so that no one else can do what he did.”
“Please,” Tony moaned back, and Steve pulled back, jerking desperately, crying out loud as he went over the edge again, coating Tony’s face with come. He opened his mouth, letting the water and Steve’s come drip into his mouth, and he clung to Steve’s legs as he twitched through the aftershocks of his orgasm.
“Stop,” Tony commanded. There was trepidation in his eyes. “If you’re going to say what I think you’re about to say, please don’t. Please don’t give me hope.”
Tony moved to open the doors – if nothing else, he assumed there would be a phone inside – but the doors wouldn’t open. Tony gripped the handles harder and tried again; the doors still refused to budge. He frowned and let out a huff.
Because Tony was the most amazing being he’d ever met. It didn’t matter that he was wingless; Tony made himself wings and became a flier, fighting everything that told him otherwise that he was grounded. And if Tony could do that, maybe Steve could fight for himself and tell himself that he wasn’t the harbinger of death.
Tony was going to die at this rate if Steve didn’t stop him. Everyone else was too far away to be of any help.
“Rhodey and I have been hoping you were going to stop sleeping your way through our supply chain managers and grow up, which thank you for doing that, by the way, just about two years too late.”
He had to. There was no choice. Here he was, a man out of his time, forever outliving others. Back then, Steve thought it was a blessing, and he’d do good with the gift he was given. Now, he cursed upon its very existence because he never stopped fighting battles.
A muffled yelp from Clint, a thump, and when the comms came to life again, Natasha replied, “Will do. Over and out.”
As he left his apartment for the last time, his most precious possessions in his backpack, Clint and Natasha was standing there and waiting impatiently for him.
“Food for the starving students and busy workers,” Deborah agreed. She gently stopped Stevens from reaching for his wallet. “On the house, dear.”
Presenting - The New York City Fire Department’s 15th annual firefighter masquerade ball, sponsored by the Fantastic Four. Tickets are on sale now!
The squirrel is now trying to steal my man. Steve, stop feeding the squirrel! OMG, I swear, don’t give it junk food; it’s bad for them! Also, think of the diseases it could carry.
Steve had to take off his shirt before he entered the chamber. He looked around the room with trepidation. Everyone, from Erskine to Howard, to all the generals sitting in the observation room above them were going to see how pathetic he was. He looked at Peggy; she looked back encouragingly.
But he wasn’t falling; he was in the air, and Tony was holding him. “Stretch your wings out honey. I’m not going to let you fall.”
It was Bruce who broke their standoff. “Our best guess is that he died during the Snap. There was no trace of him.”
“They’re beautiful,” Sarah said finally, but the words were a bit shaky, a bit too late. Steve took a step back. His face fell.
after ever bolt of laser. It was fun, especially with Stevens by his side, relaxing beside him and his body pressed against his. It made Tony more aware of the man, a man who accepted him and his bots, even joining in on the fun when Stevens tossed a piece of aluminum foil into the chilly air and watching the ball explode into dust.
As if he could hear Rhodey’s words, the muffled growling voice of Butterfingers sounded down the hallway. “
Steve’s eyes burned. “You’re safe,” he said wetly. This man was more important than any prejudice and superstition.
him. They stood in silence, staring at each other like time warped around them, like it was the only two of them in the world and nothing else could break this moment they had together.
“Goddamnit Steve,” Tony yelled back, shaking his fist in between them. He was sick of Steve’s passivity – he needed to know why he did the things he did; the letter wasn’t enough for him to understand the motives behind the decisions. “Don’t play the good cop on me! I trusted you to have my back, and all you did was keep such a large secret from me!”
That admission should have made him panic, but Tony was too exhausted to do anything but just stare at the man in shock, not even bothering to move his hand away. But he wasn’t wrong about that fact that the touch calmed him. Even though the touch felt
Stevens pointed shakily at the window. “That’s…that’s...,” he stuttered. Tony looked towards where he was pointing.
And then Tony was right there, touching him again, inserting a pillow under his ass. “Crying again?” Tony asked, hovering over him, brushing his face through his tears.
Steve got out of his bed and looked at the bustling city below him. He could feel his back twinge as he moved. “You should have left me in the ice, if you knew what was good for you.”
“I love you,” Steve bursted out behind him. Tony stilled, heart pounding hard. Steve sounded breathless, desperate.
The touch to his fingers when Tony grabbed the cookies were like an electric shock that rippled down his spine, and his wings ached. He wanted to preen and peacock because Tony...Tony was scintillating and exquisite. Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
“No,” Steve said quickly. “No, Tony, but I wanted to.” The blond man chuckled. “I left her at the bar. I went to the bathroom to text Nat to ask what to do and Nat told me to just leave through the kitchen, so I handed money to the bartender to cover our bill and I left. Like a coward.”
…The last vestiges of the dream faded away to Nebula’s hand shaking his body. “Wake up Stark,” she said, pulling her hand away once she saw that Tony wasn’t in danger of going back to sleep, “We’re near the outpost.”
Thankfully Tony handed over the water and bar without further fuss, tipping a little bit of water into the lid and breaking the bar down into crumbs before putting the pieces in Steve’s palm. Tiny Steve munched on the food happily, oozing utter satisfaction for the rest of the ride home.
“No,” Tony corrected. “I said I hated the sound of Neil Degrasse Tyson’s holier-than-thou explanations of black holes.”
Steve obeyed, staring into Tony’s eyes. He could get lost in those eyes, the ones that shone with love for him. “Do you want me to tell you the truth about your wings? Do you trust me?”
And Steve always wanted everything from Tony: the dark marks on his skin testified to that. Even though Extremis healed the bruises and marks that Steve left upon his skin, Steve always made more to replace them. Tony shivers when he feels the brush of Steve's lips upon his neck, drawing a line of fire in its wake. He moans when teeth pierces the skin of his collarbone, helpless to every cruel bite that Steve makes.
But still, there was still an inkling of doubt in his mind, that they were connected to each other, so Tony pulled back slightly and said, “I dreamed about you, in a Red Room, that you said sorry to me, and you told me how much you regretted hurting me.”
Steve’s breath rattled in his chest when he inhaled, and there was a tightness in his throat that wouldn’t go away; thank God they were finally home. “You gonna be okay?” Bucky asked when Steve turned the doorknob.
Through his tears, Steve looked at Tony, gasping and moaning, seeing the all encompassing love for him. Tony smiled at him, and he reached for Steve’s wings, stroking it lovingly with gentle hands.
When the first robot heard the news, him stopped in his tracks, leaving the second robot to crash ungainly into him. The second bot beeped confusedly, tilting its claws in curiosity.
Steve, as if in a trance, picked up the beeping box. It wasn’t a piece of Stark tech, that was for sure. It fit the palm of his hand, and Steve brushed away the dust on it. There was only one button and a fading small screen, like it was dying.
Tony clung desperately to Steve, tangling his fingers in those perfect golden locks. He was messing Steve’s hair up, whining breathlessly, thrusting desperately. He found that he didn’t care at all when Steve sucked a bruise at the base of his neck. “It can’t be as long as I’ve wanted you.”
He was surprised that his heat hadn’t come on - surely his body would have succumbed to it. It felt like he had been in the cave long enough to have had one. But when Tony brought it up tentatively to Yinsen, Yinsen shrugged.
He...Steve loved it, and he wanted to sob because he loved it so much. And it was so hard that he couldn’t have this, that he couldn’t keep Tony for himself because he wasn’t good enough.
“We’re going to the backyard to destroy scrap metal,” Tony said, lifting the scrap in his arms. “It’s too enclosed in here to do much, and the blasts can be scorching. Come along with us?”
Broken wire, scraps, and equipment spread out across the table, waiting to be used. Tony needed to fix the ship up as best he can up first so that it could take them home. A scan of the engine showed that there was a crack that leaked fuel out into the negative zone. He sealed the crack, but he gnawed his lips in worry all the same. Who knew how long fuel had been leaking out of the engine? It didn’t bode well, especially with the fact that they had little fuel left to begin with.
Bruce’s back was to the door when Steve approached, but he turned just as Steve reached his hand up to knock. A movement of mouth, and the door opened to let Steve in. Bruce looked haggard.
“That’s it, Butterfingers. That’s all I have for you. Go back to your station.” With a happy squeal, Butterfingers whizzed off, satisfied that his extermination was complete.
But Tony’s eyes were half-lidded, nearly closed, and he sagged in Steve’s arms like a puppet cut from his strings. “I’m sorry. I don’t think…” his voice trailed off and his throat bobbed as he swallowed. Steve watched as Tony’s eyelashes fluttered, eyelids struggling to open. “I don’t think I’ll make it home.”
(When it came down to protecting Earth the first time around, when Loki opened the portal between Earth and the rest of the Universe, the team banded together in unity to fight for a common cause. The team may have been outnumbered, outgunned, out of their depth fighting something they had never encountered before, but with desperation came strength, and they won. It proved that a group of remarkable people with very different lives could work together when there was a battle that normal people could never fight. From different backgrounds, strangers became a team, and that team became family.)
“Where to?” Nebula asked, as the ship left the ground. They focused their gazes towards the open sky, leaving desolation behind.
He shoved his phone back in his pocket and promptly fell asleep as Happy navigated them through the quiet streets of Manhattan and back to the Tower. JARVIS knew the protocols, and so coffee was brewed by the time Tony got off the elevator into his penthouse and the shower started running within seconds of arrival.
DUM-E tilted his claw up and down in an approximation of a wave, and he began to move off his charging station.
God, Pepper. He missed her. He hope she survived this. But even if she was still alive, there was no chance that she would take him back again. Every time he promised her that he would stop being a superhero, he turned around and broke that promise. Tony closed his eyes. There was no way for him to retire after this mess, if he ever got back to Earth. He sighed and tuned back to hear Nebula say, “You should get some sleep before we land. We may encounter hostiles while we’re down there, and it would be better if we were prepared and well-rested.”
Steve pressed his forehead against the wall as well, and he closed his eyes. If he concentrated, he imagined that he could feel the echo of heat pressing radiating through the wall. It was still cold under his skin, but he could imagine, just this one moment, think that Tony was just right next to him. He said softly, “I miss you too. Please come home safely and alive because there is so much I want to tell you, so much that you deserve to hear.”
“Fine, but only because I like you,” Tony replies, turning back around and letting Steve groom his fur. “But only where my fur is sticking up.”
Tony was not looking forward to heaving DUM-E back upright; he was so very heavy, and DUM-E was larger than Tony too. But the task needed to be done, and as soon as Tony worked up the motivation to lift him up, he would do so too. However, before he could do so, DUM-E was back on his feet.
Here at the Tower, the floor length mirrors showed all the flaws that were his wings. They were pitch black, as dark as the night, and it was masochistic that Steve continuously stared at them with hatred in his eyes.
She watched him in silence until he was finished with the bottle before she said, “We should begin working on a plan to find Thanos. The longer we wait, the reversal process would have worse consequences.”
He was avoiding Tony because he was sure the next time he saw him, he wouldn’t be able to jump at his bones, and he couldn’t have him. There was an aching in his heart. He wanted Tony so badly, but he couldn’t do that to Tony, no matter how much he loved him. Keeping Tony alive was more important than his happiness.
“How would they stick?” Steve asked, as he followed Tony’s instructions and tucked them under the muscle.
He's drowning, letting the waves flood over his head, and he’s just a broken, used tool for Steve to use. Steve comes first, his cock twitching inside of him, and then he lets go of Tony's throat, dropping him carelessly. With a much needed gasp, he comes, hole fluttering around Steve's cock, falling back onto the bed because he can't hold himself up. Steve fucks him through the aftershocks, and then he stays there, cock penetrating Tony's ass, as he pulls him into his arms and holds him.
Stevens shook his head. “I wish I could. I want to, but you know too much already, and the more I stay, the more danger the timelines will be.” Stevens gathered Tony up into his arms, clinging onto him almost desperately, like there was some loss that Stevens wasn’t telling him. “Thank you, so much, for the fun day.”
“But, can’t you stay?” Tony stood up as well and faced Stevens, pleading, hoping that he would break and concede.
“I don’t think time travel is a science that will be found until long after I’m dead.” Tony was just repeating himself now. But really, Stevens acted like he was an old soul, kind of like how Howard acted, with his outdated vernacular and ancient eyes. But as Tony talked to Stevens more, he also realized that Stevens had some future tech knowledge that they didn’t have yet, so it was hard to place
“—the Jericho is. I got that reference,” Tony said. He looked at the Alpha, and he flashed his eyes back. He snarled, “Well, guess what buddy.
Steve wasn’t going to answer her because she was a stranger, a danger, and an intruder. He stared at her; she glared steadily back, giving no ground.
Tony knew a lost battle when he saw one, but far be it for him to give up now. His curiosity was overwhelming, and he needed to know what was in that TARDIS. And now he knew that something was wrong with the ship, Tony had time to figure out how to break in and fix it.
He accepted his fifth replacement drink a short time later, followed by his sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth ones. He kept hoping that the bourbon would wash away the vision of Steve’s hands on Carol’s body, or the memory of how the love of his life smiled at someone Tony could never hope to compete with, or largely just let him forget the night completely. Somewhere between drinks four and five, he’d managed to get the money Pepper had assigned to him and had let her know he was taking himself off the clock.
With Tony by his side, he felt he could stand up to the world, no matter what they said. Especially if they mocked him for his wings.
Just as he was about to try again, squat down a little lower and looking at the keyhole, a distinctly British voice interrupted him. “Oi! What are you doing with my ship?”
“Wingless, flightless, grounded through and through,” they chanted around him, “Pinioned, primeless, a freak, that’s you!”
Going to make one of my world famous omelettes. It’s so smooth that it’s gonna make him cream...Hottie’s not going to know what hit him
It looked vaguely like the classic red telephone booths stationed across the United Kingdom he had seen before, although it seemed a bit larger and taller than those booths. But Tony was 87% sure that America did not use police call boxes, whatever purpose they served. Second, Tony was completely confident that MIT did not own a police call box, even for a practical joke. He would have heard of it if his fellow peers were going to stage a hack.
. It hurt, to say the least, watching as Tony disappeared into thin air, knowing that Tony had carried the weight of Steve’s transgressions for the last two years. And although it was Tony’s fault for attacking Bucky in a fit of passionate and blind anger, Steve was as much at fault for provoking Tony and escalating it, fighting Tony the way he did bullies.
And done! Dreamkist, I hope you like this. Please let me know if you guys like this as well with a comment and a kudos. You guys are amazing sticking with me.
Steve couldn’t stop grinning when Clint’s outraged yell travelled after him, and he raced down the corridor. He didn’t know what possessed him to get onto the elevator, but as soon as he realized that he was already in the elevator, he realized he didn’t want to get off either.
before his gaze fixed on a man— angular, with dull grey eyes and slicked-back brown hair— approaching the bar.
Tony half-laughed, half-scoffed, pulling away the tiniest bit to take in Steve’s expression again. Steve’s grin was still plastered on his face, though not quite as intense as before. Tony couldn’t find it in himself, then, to make a comment. He just rolled his eyes fondly, settling back and focusing on the movie instead.
It was his own blood, wasn't it? The wounds may not have been cauterized instantly. Maybe not every prong of the... rake, or whatever it was, because
With a neutral expression and just enough of a glint in her eyes to show her amusement, she said, “Give me the thingy.”
There was something about the way they had him rigged to the table that allowed them to turn him onto his stomach with ease, and, being Not Steve Rogers and Not Quite Alive, he allowed them to do so with no issue. He wasn't really there. It wasn't really happening. It was nothing but a moment that would pass, and there would be more moments to come.
“Right, Tony,” Carol agreed, Steve turning his attention back to her. “But this building we’re looking at?  It’s in a populated area. My best guess is that the data’s accessible from multiple points, so the only thing we
Even then, his body couldn’t decide whether it wanted to pull away or press closer, whether the touch was too much or not enough. He could beg Steve to go faster, harder, slower, softer, give him
The future had given him Tony Stark, and Tony Stark had given him a wedding band- colored like gold, but stronger- and he'd gotten so much from the world that he thought he might never be able to pay it all back. The idea wasn't terribly disheartening; in fact, he didn't mind it at all.
Had Steve been in their position (he wouldn't be), he would have thought of that before anyone actually had to get hurt. It was almost amusing that they seemed to be hopeful about his level of obedience. It wasn't like his rebellious nature was news to anyone; his husband had mentioned it countless times, and even the fucking United States Government was aware of it. Sure, maybe the common citizen might have an idea of Captain America that was more sterilized, but Hydra? Really?
“And that would be offensive, I think,” Tony added. He wasn’t certain what the implication was, what Steve thought of him, what scandal
“You always loosen up like that before meetings?” Steve asked, gesturing to the three empty glasses at Tony’s side.
“Yes, your eyes. You’ve got nicer eyes than any man I’ve met— your lashes, too, look as if they’ve been painted on.”
He would never call Bucky a "sacrifice," nor would he call him a "necessary casualty." He was a kid, back then, and he should never have been out there. He should never have been fighting. But he was, and he did, and he died for it. In Steve's mind, if not in reality, that bright-eyed young kid he knew was gone.
Tony was fiddling with the bandages on his head when Steve got back to him. His hands were shaking visibly, thumb running back and forth jaggedly over the edge of a bandage in a way that didn’t seem intentional.
The silence was cut as Tony pushed open the door to Harry’s New York Bar, a familiarly styled joint that had been relocated from the States just a couple of decades prior. He wasn’t opposed to more authentic local watering holes, but the friend he was planning to meet insisted he would be more comfortable here. He supposed he’d make the most of it. It wasn’t unpleasant.
It wasn’t a command. It wasn’t anything but a promise, and yet Tony found himself gathering his thoughts and slotting them in place according to Steve’s will. They’d take it slow. It wasn’t a command, no, but Tony made it one. He found comfort in treating Steve’s words like truths over anything else. It was easier to follow along.
Unless he’s gone. And he thinks back to that 8 year old kid enamored with King Arthur, wonders how he would have felt if the last story he’d ever read was of Arthur slitting his own throat and bleeding out on the ground.
“I was wondering if you’d be willing to join me,” Tony added, lining the book up with the wooden corner of the desk as he set it down. “It’s a nice day outside.”
“Ah, hell.” Steve slipped a hand into his pocket, procuring the small device and placing it into her open palm.
“Tony Stark,” Tony said quickly. Steve tilted his head, brows furrowed slightly as if the name rang a bell. Tony put the thought out of his mind.  “My name’s Tony Stark. You look me up and you’ll find me. I promise you.”
The fluorescent overhead lights never turned off. The room only seemed to get more blindingly white as days passed, and though Steve could at least find solace in the pinkish tone of his skin in the beginning, the contrast seemed less and less stark as time went on. Everything became horribly flat, and he wondered if he'd mourn the loss of the world's vibrancy more or less if he wasn’t an artist at heart.
He wanted to say it was morbid curiosity that kept him looking, but truly, there was nothing morbid about it.
He didn't want to come home broken. He couldn't imagine how Tony must have felt, losing Steve for so long. He was probably worrying himself sick. Steve had seen him worry over other missing heroes; he barely slept, he barely ate, and he barely took the time to consider himself as a person until his functionality was impaired enough to impact his search. Steve couldn't blame him. He would be the same if Tony had up and disappeared (if that was even what happened-- again, Steve really didn't know
“Shh, baby, movie.” Steve settled back against the couch, pressing ‘play’ on the remote. He stretched, letting his arm fall over the back of the couch. Tony wasted no time taking advantage of that, leaning back against Steve’s bicep.
Steve went quiet, though his expression didn’t change. The silence seemed almost thoughtful. Steve took a sip of his drink again, gaze falling to the glass when he swirled it. His response was puzzling at first, and Tony observed him for a moment more before correcting himself, raising his voice enough that those beside them could hear him.
of her hip against Steve’s thigh, not quite tall enough to do it properly, “and getting down and dirty with it. Steve, you want something like this.”
the whirring whispers to him, though the thoughts come in stuttered, as if the machinery up there’s rusted.
Steve was the kind of stubborn you had to break down. The timeline was fuzzy in his head; he couldn't tell you when he did what or when, exactly, they retaliated, but there was a clear trend of cause-and-effect he could recognize easily.
Suffice to say, in those two years, Tony barely slept as his nightmares took hold and guilt wracked his body. But never had Tony dreamed about a
dreams now? What had changed? Tony quickly determined that the most plausible explanation was the side effect of the snap – somehow, the nature of his dreams (or nightmares) changed, although Tony couldn’t prove this at all. Maybe magic, but he didn’t really believe in magic. But for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out what had changed.
So he argued, “No, I don’t,” tearing his heart to pieces and denying it. Because he couldn’t have Tony.
This time, it was him – he couldn’t wait for her to make the first move when he still had some pent-up emotion deep within himself, and he pushed forward, jabbing towards her head, before he followed it with a solid roundhouse kick, swinging his leg around and striking with his elbow. Nat blocked every punch and dodged every kick with ease, countering with her own quick jabs before she maneuvered away. It was a complicated, deadly dance between them where they didn’t have to hold back their strength.
“Fine, half of us. But still, we couldn’t defeat Thanos at our best. What makes you think we can defeat him when our forces are depleted? Not to mention, he has all the Stones, so he could kill us with a snap of his fingers.”
He's drooling into the pillow when the tip of Steve's cock presses between his asscheeks. He's mindless with need and want, and he despises himself for it. With every drag of Steve's cock against his balls and the base of his cock, he hates the way he needs that cock to split him open and turn him inside out.
The prison doors opened with a mighty bang, and one of the Alphas flew in. Tony’s fingers were still gripping onto the chestplate, and it was much too late to hide his project from them. The Alpha looked at Tony, eyes glowing ruby red, and snarled under his breath. His teeth were elongated, protruding out of his mouth, and Tony was frozen in place.
“Friday,” he called out absently, fingers digging into the mess of wires, “Start a new file project – “ Tony trailed off when he glanced up inadvertently and then remembered that he wasn’t in his workshop. No AI was installed on this ship. His face fell slightly, and his heart panged, feeling more lonely than ever. He shook his fingers loose from the wires and stepped back. “I guess I have to do it the old-fashioned way,” he muttered, moving to find paper and pen.
“It shattered when we thawed you. We’ll get you a new one, although I don’t understand why you’d put away a set of perfectly good wings.”
Archie held it out of reach. “Oh, it must be yours,” he sneered knowingly. “No one else here has black wings, and I’ve never seen yours, so this must be yours.”
“Stop struggling,” the voice said, pressing lightly, “You’re going to hurt yourself even more Mister Stark, and your supernatural healing factor isn’t doing its job right. I think you inhaled too much wolfsbane, but I can’t do anything because the Alpha pack didn’t give me any supplies to help you heal. You need to purge that yourself.”
Tony was grateful that caving in to the Ten Rings demands meant that he had more freedom to work on his armor under the guise of building the Jericho, and Yinsen’s hands helped tremendously. Having Yinsen there helped him focus too, because if he didn’t want to save himself, Yinsen deserved saving, and that was enough for him to continue melting the metal in the furnace and shaping it to his size.
Steve exhaled harshly, letting the thoughts simmer down. With one final punch, he threw his body into one last kick, and the chains holding up the bag snapped sharply. Steve panted, feeling the blood from his knuckles drip down his digits and onto the floor, one patter at a time. The punching bag landed on its side with one final thud, and Steve’s ears rang in the ensuing silence.
So even though they sat out there again, watching as the day slowly turned to night, the warmth of his joy easily chased away the cold.
If it’s supposed to be baked at 350 degrees for 30 minutes, I could bake it at 3500 degrees for three minutes?
Watching a couple on what looks like a terrible first coffee date at the table next to me. Dude is a very pretentious self-involved writer.
In the aftermath of unimaginable tragedy, the universe was quiet, mourning the loss of her people. In the wake of silence, dust settled to the ground, revealing carnal destruction: tall buildings leveled, human-less cars piled up in the middle of street corners, and people just standing there in the middle of the wrecked street, dazed, confused, horrified. It was almost unfathomable to imagine that just one snap could instantaneously change a whole world.
was the anomaly here. He really messed up, and now Bucky was gone, and Tony was nowhere on Earth. “He loved me,” he said quietly.
Tony was cut off as Steve flipped the engineer onto his back and hovered over him. “Robot. Yes. We’ll get to those,” he answered in order. “We have some catching up to do.”
The Doctor totally took offense. “See if I show you the inside then,” he replied petulantly, crossing his arms over his chest.
Tony curled his hands up to Steve’s head, tangling his fingers in his hair, and then he pulled him forward so that their foreheads pressed against each other’s. “I love you too,” he whispered. “We’ll fix this, all of this, together.”
“I don’t care. You should have left me to die.” Steve looked down at his freed wings. “And you took away my brace.”
But before the weight of Bucky’s death crashed over him, Steve saw the way Tony was preparing for a verbal war. His spine straightened, his face took on an intense look, and he seemed deceptively casual. He was sure that, with the way Tony stalked closer with fire in his eyes, Steve wouldn’t like what he had to say.
Tony whirled around. “You can’t tell me you love me after you hurt me -” Tony prowled forward again until he was merely a few steps away, and he looked at Steve dead in the eye. “- so I’ll ask you again:
“Iron Man!” Steve said into his mic, even though he knew it was a futile effort. Tony tumbled freely in the air like a puppet.
With a sudden cry, Steve hurled the phone away. A second later, from the darkness, the sound of crunching was heard, followed by the softer muffled sounds of the pieces from the phone falling towards the ground.
Tony Stark,” the Doctor said flatly. He was staring at Tony, mouth gaping open and eyes glinting with an unreadable look.
Steve nearly dropped the bottle, and he cursed, scrambling to grip onto the bottle more tightly. He walked into the bathtub and stretched his wings out. He looked back at them.
alone. In the end, it was Tony who was alone instead, betrayed, left behind, trying to fix the broken pieces. Tony was skeptical of whatever game Steve was playing at.
“You’re the one in love with a centegenarian super solider who could kill you with his thighs - oh, wait, that’s what you want, fuck, I need to go wash my eyes out,” Pepper muttered as she walked away.
“What do you want?” Tony asked, pushing him up against the wall and crowding into his space until there was no room between them. “Do you want me to hold you down and use you and—”
The tiny creature hunkered down in Steve’s palm, barely peeking out from over his fingers, using the palm of his hand as a safe haven from the outside world.
“A police box? Kinda like one of those London red telephone booths but blue. Not sure if it was a prank or just a weird British dude lugging around stolen cop equipment.”
“Indeed. We have work to do.” Steve nodded before he changed the subject. “Give me whatever information you have on the Stones, and we’ll work on it from our side too.”
Steve was helpless, especially after the way Tony’s tongue darted between his lips. Steve thought he might be drooling. Then Tony winked.
Steve gripped onto Tony tighter. He was hyperventilating. “You’re doing so good,” Tony encouraged again. “I’ve got you, honeybunches. But can you do one baby flap for me?”
“The TARDIS has a chameleon circuit that would allow her to blend in with her environment.” The man stated it in such a matter-of-fact tone that it was as if
Now that Tony wasn’t fighting for his life, he could now see that he was in a cavern, only illuminated by the fire on the other side of the room. A nail dug relentlessly in his back, and he shifted slightly to get away from the annoyance, which shifted the wires that went into his chest. “What’s this?”
And it was, much to Tony’s excitement. Tony hitched his bag higher up his shoulder, making a beeline for the ship. It was easier to study it up close when it was daylight, and Tony could see that the TARDIS was a shade of blue that reminded him of blueberries. Besides the fact that it was a blue wooden police box, the TARDIS itself was nondescript. Tony tried the doors again. Expectedly, the doors were still locked.
A shallow shudder of the ship landing startled Tony out of his thoughts, but what he expected to look outside was not this: a city laid to waste, not unlike the way Titan was destroyed. The decrepit outpost was devoid of any lifeforms or resources, soot settled on every available surface. What was not covered by the blackened area was streaked with dried blood.
“You know, I think I’m going to take a last look around, make sure that there’s nothing left, and then let’s blow this popsicle stand,” the first voice said.
amazing.” Tony was excited all over again thinking about it. “How does it work, with the fact that the TARDIS is one particular size, and the inside is filled with so many things? It should be scientifically impossible.”
Tony looked up from the image, staring at the figure in front of him. Suddenly, he couldn’t bear seeing Steve, so he turned around, walked a few steps away from the image of the man. “This got to be a new form of nightmares,” Tony mumbled, “This is my head showing me what I can’t have, ever.”
“Oh my god, Tony,” Steve said, leaning back against the titled shower. “Your mouth, it was like it was made for this.” Steve brushed his hand against Tony’s cheek as he sucked, hollowing out and licking the underside before he let his cock drop out of his mouth and nuzzled it.
“Come on.” Bucky tugged Steve lightly, but Steve couldn’t convince himself to move. He wanted this last moment with her. “You’re going to get sick if you stay out here any longer.”
Perhaps, however, had he made full use of his wings, he could have saved Bucky from falling to his death. Because during the time Bucky was captured, they tore his wings so that they were unusable, his formerly beautiful wings missing patches of feathers and rendering him flightless. It didn’t stop Bucky from running with Steve.
Tony didn’t answer at first, bringing the cup of gold to his lips, inhaling the bitter smell and taking a sip. The coffee was just on the other side of scalding, but Tony didn’t care. It was delicious. “Sleep is for the weak,” Tony brazenly said, pushing the sleepiness to the back of his mind. “I’ll be fine.”
Steve nodded tightly, trying to force his wings into place. Tony cupped his cheek. “Relax. It’ll come naturally.”
Steve got down and wiped the mess away. “Had a dream earlier.” He paused, deliberating his words before he asked, “Tell me Nat: am I chasing the past? I’ve always believed myself to be a soldier out of time, but I thought I adapted pretty well to the modern world. Yet, does it seem that I’ve been trying to hold on to my old self?”
So with all the evidence that pointed to the fact that the police box came out of nowhere, Tony was curious.
“You never answered my question, guys,” Steve groaned, sitting up. “Why were you looking at me that way?”
If Steve thought that being teased for his translucent wings not molting when he came of age, he found that being teased for becoming wingless was worse.
” A metal robot shaped like a pepper pot came whizzing down the hallway. A second robot with a claw for a hand chased after the first bot, beeping equally excitedly in greeting.
“Okay, well, the chameleon circuit is broken, that’s for sure, but it’s okay,” the man explained rapidly. ”And what that is is a TARDIS, T-A-R-D-I-S, Time and Relative Dimension in Space. It’s a ship that travels across time and space.”
Tony whimpered softly, licking into Steve’s mouth. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” he breathed, fluttering his hands all over Steve.
Fury was right: civilian life bored him, but Steve was determined not to call the number on his phone and ask to be signed back onto active duty.
Tony stared at the Doctor, willing him to say otherwise. Good thing he had the advantage here, standing in front of the TARDIS and blocking the only entrance the Doctor had to get into to his ship.
And then he leaned forward again to say lowly in his ear, “And when we’re done with this lesson, I’m going to take care of that, as many times as you can take it, reward you for taking this first step.”
Natasha stayed silent, and Steve found himself spilling more than he intended. He never told anyone about that day in Siberia before, and now it all tumbled out. “We went to Siberia, Bucky and I, and Tony showed up. He was there to help us out, but then he found out that Bucky killed his parents. Zemo showed it to Tony, and Tony snapped when he found out. Tried to kill Bucky.” Steve shook his head. “I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Yeah, she definitely is,” Tony agreed. He set down his fork on his plate. “I’m going to figure it out.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied as if he knew what Tony wanted. He probably did, after knowing him for this long, and he pulled Tony’s pants down so that his cock sprung free from its confinement. It was hard, aching, and red, leaking come down his shaft. Steve stared at it, mesmerized, leaning forward again to kiss the tip of his leaking cock. “God, you’re beautiful. Delicious too.”
“Bwubweebwub!” Tiny Tony said shyly. His tentacles seemed to be redder than normal, and Tiny Tony was staring right back at the centaur. He pulled his tentacles over the edge of the tank, and with the suction, he crawled down the glass until he landed on the countertop.
Tony didn’t blush at Pepper’s final message, the kissing face emoji, not at all. Nothing was going to happen, no matter what Pepper wrote. He needed another drink and to get his mind off of a certain man who had smoothed out his blond hair for this event, groomed his beard, dressed up in a sharp tuxedo, and was dancing with a pretty girl on the dance floor.
They looked at him again, but before they could say anything else, Tony walked into the room again. Steve was relieved.
, Steve thought, watching Tiny Tony drag himself forward, sucking and unsucking himself with his tentacles.
Nowhere was safe from this loss. As the tall grass bowed gently under the blowing wind in Wakanda, soldiers stood stock still, lost and empty. They had fought a great battle expecting to win, expecting to beat Thanos.
Peggy argued, “They’re just a tool, Steve. An extra appendage. You shouldn’t believe in superstition.”
“Thanks for the clarification, sweetheart, it’s nice to hear,” Steve whispered, and Tony swore he heard Steve’s voice catch as though over tears.
Tig: And here's to another chapter after a long hiatus. Anoo says hi, I say hi. Kait and Neb also says hi, and they are the amazing collaborators to make this chapter come to fruition! Thank you for those from a loooooong time ago suggested some prompts, we have taken some of them for this chapter!
Going to make one of my world famous omelettes. It’s so smooth that it’s gonna make him cream...Hottie’s not going to know what hit him
Tony Stark,” the Doctor repeated himself, his eyes lightening with excitement. “Of course I’ve heard of you! You didn’t say so before.” He sounded accusatory.
Tony’s highly sensitive ears picked up the breaths of the man in front of him, standing still, like he was waiting. Tony himself wasn’t a patient man, and it was hard for him to stay still, hardly breathing.
Steve stood in the open doorway, face flushed and breathing labored, as if he ran all the way home from the event. His tux was wrinkled, his face slightly sweaty, but Tony had never seen anyone hotter than him, at that moment. Steve brandished his phone. "This. True? Are you too drunk to know what you're saying?"
Another day of work, repairing what was broken, but Steve couldn’t help but think back and replay the conversation over and over in his head. Out there, the people needed them to do their job, and they collected the bodies of the dead, righted up what they could, leaving what they couldn’t. They marked the dead in mass gravestones, too many to count, not enough bodies to match the names. At the end of the day, Steve stared up at “James Buchanan Barnes,” blinking back tears because the pain was still raw and hurting.
He should have said: “Writing is hard, involves a lot of typing and makes my fingers hurt. Don’t even get me started on creating new ideas.”
His face exploded into pain. Blood dripped down his face, bleeding from the claw marks that went from his temple to his cheeks. The Alpha’s fingers narrowly missed his eye - any closer, he would have definitely been blinded. Werewolf or not, it wasn’t easy to heal from that injury. Tony gasped in surprise, stumbling back and tripping over his feet.
It was just like the other day, when Tony grabbed his wrist and licked the stray whipped cream off his fingers, and Tony had to admit, he really loved the taste of the man. He licked his lips again to watch Stevens’s eyes darken further.
“Fuck yes,” Tony groaned, dragging him across the balcony but never letting him go. He held him by the nape of his neck, and Steve never felt so owned before. “I’m never going to let you go, now that I know that you’re so amazing.”
Steve jolted at the new voice, and he automatically reached for his shield before remembering that it wasn’t on his person. He turned sharply, looking at the intruder who appeared out of nowhere –
The man chuckled, looking amused. Tony was disgruntled that the man didn’t even play along with his obvious lie. “Okay.”
Tony shrugged and looked at the piece of paper beside him. It was filled with his drawings and notes, but they went nowhere. “Sure.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK,” he said out loud. “FUCK.” He ran through all the options in his head and finally settled on being an adult, or at least attempting to act like one. He sighed deeply and hit the screen to dial Steve’s number, which thankfully went to voicemail.
Aaaaand, we're back with a new chapter! Thank you everyone for giving us prompts from the last chapter! We have taken them into consideration and will be using a few of yours for future content! Feel free to continue prompting us.
The Alpha barked, and two soldiers came forward. They picked Tony up between them, ignoring the way Tony struggled. He needed to shift, get away from all of this…
“Too much,” Tony finally groaned, grabbing Steve’s head by the hair and pulling him away. Steve’s eyes were blown, high on pleasuring his cock, and his lips were wet with saliva. Tony was sure he didn’t look any better. “Please, Steve.” He didn’t know what he was asking, he just needed something, anything.
Finally, Steve looked at Tony, taking in the way his honey-brown eyes shone dimly under the red light. Tony deserved this and more. He needed to face his fears, get the words off his chest, tell Tony while he looked at him in the eyes. “But you’re more than that –“
Tony watched as Stevens turned around and left, never looking back. Oddly enough, it hurt to be so close to him, not knowing a lot about him, yet feeling like there was something missing in his life when he walked away.
“Yeah, okay,” he mumbled. “Thanks.” He got up, walked to the cockpit, and sat in one of the seats. He felt numb and passive, looking out the window to see the stars shining and waiting listlessly as the ship cruised towards the outpost. Somehow, despite the feeling of intangibility the dream, he still remembered the images crystal clear in his mind’s eye, and he latched upon it, directing his thoughts inwards.
“Okay.” They couldn’t really spare people, but Steve agreed with her. They could use another hand to help, and Clint was still family. “It’s going to be just you though; we can’t spare more resources.”
The water washed away the quiet sounds of his tearless cries (that were only audible to God’s ears).
“Tell Buck I’ll build him that new sight gauge for the rifle by the end of the week,” Tony replied. “Thanks, J. Protocol six until further notice.”
“You’re wearing too much,” Tony complained, wrapping his fingers around Steve’s tux and unbuttoning them with clumsy fingers. “I want to see you.”
Steve was there when Tony opened his eyes to his dreams. He stared, and Steve slowly took one step towards him, giving him a hesitant and watery upwards twitch of lips.
Tony opened his eyes, expecting to see an angry version of Steve Rogers, the one that left him back in the cold bunker of Siberia. It was the typical version of him these days when he dreamed of him. Sometimes the dreams took on the form of Steve raising his shield high above his prone body, eyes glaring at him in utter disgust as the edge of the disc gradually gained momentum in its downward trajectory before finding its home deep within his chest. It normally stayed there, held up in the dent of armor and between broken ribs while Tony gasped his last breaths around the foreign object in his body, looking up at Cap’s cold eyes.
He didn’t do this often, allow Butterfingers to destroy everything to his heart’s desire, but it was also a special day. Tony hoped it was a date, too. Still, with all the scraps he had from failed projects, he could treat both his bot and Stevens to this special thing.
“There’s no way to tell,” Bruce replied. “I’m compiling the list, but it is by far not comprehensive. However, we’ve catalogued most of the key figures. King T’Challa and Princess Shuri are gone, as you know. China’s president is gone. Canada’s president is still alive, as well as the prime minister of the U.K.”
“Tony.” The familiar voice washed over him even though the voice sounded as if he was far away, and Tony closed his eyes, letting
“Bits and pieces.” Tony frowned. “I think there was a ransom video at some point, but I’m not sure. Everything is very foggy.”
“No,” Tony corrected. He looked out at the derelict buildings, imagining the screams and despair on these streets during their last moments. No, he wasn’t going to have it. He repeated, voice slightly firmer now, “No.”
“I wouldn’t try to shift if I were you,” the man warned, but the warning came too late as Tony closed his eyes and tried focusing on shifting. If he could do so, he would be able to heal faster.
There was a crazed look in Stevens’s eyes. “I...thought I saw someone from my past,” he said, voice hoarse, looking back towards the window again.
“Yeah, about the physiological effects of stress and burnout on people’s bodies,” Steve responded before he asked JARVIS to start the Audible file where he’d left off.
“Fuck that’s hot,” Tony growled in his ear, and Steve whined, blindly pressing his cheek against Tony. “You’re so fucking hot. Gonna see how many times you can come for me tonight because you were so amazing. Open your eyes for me, wanna see how blissed out you are.”
“Because you are Tony Stark, billionaire, genius, gorgeous, and a hero.” Steve brushed his hand down Tony’s face, wiping away an errant tear. “I love you.”
your brother?” He quickly marched into his workshop. He feared the worst, that DUM-E have been completely incinerated by the violent bolt of electricity that ran through Butterfinger’s whisk. Tony couldn’t care less about the dumb bot, what with the way that he couldn’t do anything right, getting into things where he wasn’t supposed to be, and being a general nuisance. But still, DUM-E was his child, and God forbid he’s gone. “DUM-E!”
Tony set his coffee mug down upon his desk with a little more force than necessary, some of the precious liquid splashing over its rim, and he stomped over to his bots. With a quick movement, he detached DUM-E’s claw from the whisk. “Do
But the miniaturized arc reactor was done, glowing a soft blue in the dim cave, and he smiled. He did it. Yinsen helped him put the arc reactor in his chest, eyes concentrated and hands steady, turning the thing with a “click.”
However, as Tony looked around, somehow they were, just walking right past the blue police box as if it wasn’t even there. It was mind-boggling to see the glaringly out-of-place thing be so unnoticed in the midst of the smartest kids in the world.
Clint staggered, face twisting into mock horror and hands clutching his heart as if he’s been shot. Everyone laughed at his antics. “Shots fired, shots fired!” Clint bemoaned before he straightened up and told Steve seriously, “I expect more flying stunts next time we’re avenging.”
“I want to forget about this. C’mon, you just got home. Let’s get some takeout. Watch a movie, maybe.” Tony forces the ease into his voice. It’s a weak effort, one Steve will see through in an instant, but it’s not entirely useless. Steve knows what to do with that, at least.
Tony’s response came quick, too confident. He’d given the same spiel many times before. “Oh, you know. Good friends. Had a bit to drink. Maybe we’re French— you know how it is. Besides, we’ve been here for how long, now? If anyone was going to notice you, you’d think they’d have done it by now.”
Tony did. It was the same man, over and over again, the lines more clear and confident with each little sketch. By the end of the book, he was practically coming to life on the page.
Unexpectedly, Steve leaned over to press a kiss above Tony’s temple, right where his hairline started. “I’ll show you
“I was just thinking. I read that book by Wells all that time ago— oh, I can’t remember the name of it now…”
Tony corrected himself, not knowing quite where Steve’s head was at. He’d probably never know. Whatever this was, it felt casual and normal and
Carol was shining, the star at the center of her chest such a perfect contrast to the red and blue of her suit, and even beside her, the brilliant patterns of Jan's wings and uniform stood out well.
kiss Tony and leave something missing between them. He’d already crossed the line from friendship into more; what was holding him back from pushing further was unclear.
He’ll cry again. He can feel it, the tension and painful burn behind his eyes. He’ll cry again tonight. And Steve will be there, like he is now. It’s not much, but. It’s enough, he thinks. Not to keep him happy, not to fix him, not to make things much better.
,” he threatened, though it rang empty as he bent over to pull out a large-ish bin from under the bed. “Here.”
Tony laughed, though it was a hesitant sort of thing, as if things hadn’t quite clicked for him yet. “Uh, Cap? You’re not going on an… impressionist-lesbian-painting type second date with the funny new quasi-villain, are you?”
Tony Stark. Iron Man. Red and gold and beautiful. He landed in front of Steve, his faceplate lifting the second the tip of his first boot touched the ground, and the icy blue of his eyes nearly sent Steve into shock. His jaw was sharp, and the bags under his eyes were more pronounced than ever. His facial hair wasn't as neatly trimmed as it normally was, and his cheeks were hollower than they used to be.
completely unsubstantiated, as Tony clearly wanted him around. When Tony reappeared from the bathroom a half an hour later, his hair was a little wet and his face was cleared of what Steve thought might have been a light coat of makeup (concealer, right? maybe concealer, as the dark circles under his eyes were more prominent than they had been a short while ago). He climbed into bed with Steve, his cold body curling up against Steve’s side. Steve turned to face him and, for a moment, looked past him at the large mirror fixed atop Tony’s dresser.
He would joke about being a hot commodity if he had the energy left to joke. He wasn't sure quite how long it had been since he was taken, but it was somewhere between... a handful of weeks and a handful of years. Probably closer to weeks, right? But maybe not much closer. Had the team been unaware of his kidnapping, any semblance of a timeline would be nearly impossible to put together. He knew they were looking, though- they had to be- and he was certain they wouldn't take too long to find him.
Tony slowly reached for the edge of Steve’s shirt, watching Steve’s expression as he did. Steve was perfectly still, not unlike a deer in headlights.
Marshall slid off of the arm of the couch and onto the cushion beside Steve; he’d been chatting away about some art piece or another he’d purchased, something he had nowhere to put despite so many of the walls being bare.
It’s not, Tony thinks. He wants it to be. He wants it to be the most selfish thing, because he doesn’t want
Tony smelled… off. Wrong. He smelled strange in a way that would justify the cold, Steve thought. There was a metallic layer to blood that Steve was used to smelling, and in Tony, that was distinctly
- and reached into his pocket with the other, fumbling to find the plastic fangs he’d purchased. He placed them in his mouth, clicking them together twice to make sure they were on correctly, and jokingly said: “I
Windows were popping up and closing, plenty of them consoles and progress bars and files and… images. An album. An album full of images of tropical fish. If he’d had any doubts it was Tony controlling the thing, they were alleviated. The album closed out, but the work didn’t resume.
And it was a lot, he thought, to wake Tony up every morning with the knowledge that Tony could see right through him in an instant, memories or no memories. He didn’t want Tony’s first impression of him to be so— so wrapped up in his veins, so close to his heart. He didn’t want Tony to see everything he was without knowing what they’d been through.
with Tony, to force himself open in the way he knew he wanted to be with the man he loved. Tony didn’t want to squash that. He didn’t want Steve to feel unsafe around him.
“I mean— You told Tony to let me finish out the mission?” Steve opened the door to the computer room, holding it as Nat slipped inside. She took a seat at the desk, plugged the thingy in, and waited.
Iron Man paused, then, the slight shake of his shoulders (caused by his quiet laughter, of course) slowing to a stop. He was quiet for a long moment before turning to face Steve; it was better, then, as Steve could see far better those eyes of Iron Man’s. “My eyes?”
“Oh, yeah. Tony’s little data-delete-y device. The thingy.” Jan held her fingers up, almost pinching them together to show how tiny the device was. “No one’s gonna see it.”
He couldn't have imagined himself sobbing at the beginning of this. It was all a sick fucking game, and he knew that well. But, fuck, he'd been deprived of everything, hadn't he?
They were set to meet at 8 in the evening, in a secured hotel room just a 15 minute walk from the target location. Steve arrived at 7:45, and when he entered the hotel room, he’d found that Tony and Jan had already been there for quite some time. There were filled clothing racks along the room’s walls, shirts and pants ranging from modest black pieces to what Steve could only assume was some kind of 60’s or… 70’s or 80’s style. There were some colorful pieces, some bell-legged pants, some shirts far too tight to even fit him, and some things that… sparkled. Quite a bit.
the hold of the armor around him, keeping him steady, lifting him up. He knew he wouldn't be able to stand steady on his own, after all- if not because of the physical pain, then because of the overwhelming desire to be as close to Tony as he could possibly be.
Tony took a long sip of the drink, tired eyes glimmering ever so slightly more than they had been moments before. Steve set the cup on the nightstand, taking a seat beside Tony on the bed again.
