herself from?
was all a trick and not me?
John had set himself up for the night on the sofa with an anthology of mystery short stories, a pillow quashed behind his back and a thin sheet folded up at the opposite end. Doubtful that it would see use tonight.
Mahir was in his late thirties, well-groomed—dense but manicured eyebrows, clean-shaven—a product enthusiast if Sherlock had ever seen one from the evenness of warm olive skin to the fine slickness of his short black hair. His outfits were casually upper class from what parts the detective could see beyond the man’s coat. Expensive thread choices but not obviously so. Not like Sherlock who aimed for showy.
“Now could you please hurry up? We’ll probably be late as it is with the traffic.” John requested over his shoulder, pocketing his wallet and pulling the charging cord from his phone.
Sherlock nodded before becoming distracted by the car pulling up to a halt alongside them at another intersection.  “I simply made sure the necklace was in full view before she left.” He muttered inattentively. If he had been paying attention, Sherlock would have seen the utterly proud grin John was sporting. Although one question
’?” Sherlock challenged unflappably, though John spotted the telltale splash of pink forming at the tips of his real ears.
“Are you serious?” Mary’s eyes went wide before let out a soft gasp, her fingers coming up to her mouth. “I mean…oh my god. Yes!” She cried letting out a small ‘oh’ at her voice level. Mary took a glance around her and giggled. Her smile was radiant, lighting up her features.
.” Greg tamped the bottom edges sharply then plopped them on the top mesh tray of a document organizer.
“Right, but Crawford’s the opposite way.” John said, narrowly stepping over a suspicious looking wet patch along the concrete. Last thing he needed was skidding on a patch of black ice with a handful of groceries and Sherlock on the phone.
I hope this wasn't boring as hell. I worry sometimes about this story's pace and if it's interesting. I think it is at points but I'm not a reader, I'm writing it. My perception is skewed. I wish sometimes I could wipe my memory of typing it and read it with a fresh perspective.
There was a relatively pregnant pause on the other end, enough to catch Greg’s attention. "Or is that
This was doing him no good. He needed to do something.
“No…I uh—I didn’t exactly let him.” He admitted.
Peering down at his shoes, John steadied himself and reached for the door handle. Just as he was about to get in, the car’s driver—a broad shouldered fellow with an equally broad chin and a snubbed nose, all tailored suit and frown—hopped out. The doctor gave him a puzzled look before sinking inside, both back passenger and driver doors closing nearly simultaneously.
John blinked sharply as his stomach plummeted into his feet. He took a beat to inventory his surroundings, remembered he was standing behind the front desk of the clinic’s waiting room and then peered down at Clair, the nurse working reception that day. Clair was looking back up at him with an open expectation, pen poised over a slip of paper.
John had a certain gracefulness about him when he cooked that he didn’t exhibit in his normal day to day. Not to say the man was stiff, more like
They lay there a moment, chests heaving against one another, acclimating. The ache John experienced at being penetrated was already fading into a contented sort of fullness. He turned his head a few inches to press his lips at the edge of an ear. With a sigh of his name, barely audible, Sherlock began to gently rock against him.
Opening his toiletry case John plucked out his toothbrush, his sights catching the hint of orange tucked away inside. He dug out a prescription bottle, tipping it gently so the pills inside rattled softly against each other.
“Fucking hell John, did you rob your nan for that?” Lestrade winced with a bewildered laugh as his eyes roamed John’s jumper in all its confusing detail.
Midmorning sun streamed through the tall vaulted windows at Mycroft’s back as he sat at the head of a long wooden table picking over a late breakfast. The grand sitting room of his family’s ancestral home was near silent, the methodic ticking of a clock the only thing to break it.
), Atlantis Pharmaceutical’s recent acquisitions, and surprisingly enough…chemistry.
.” John corrected tenderly, biting his bottom lip as he felt an indignant rush of air swelling Sherlock’s chest next to him. His ire deflated a second later after a sidelong look at John’s expression.
spring to the doctor’s mind.
With the phone to his ear, Mycroft took a sip of tea, swallowing just as the other line answered.
He paused by the exit, promptly feeling the brisk November air waiting for him just beyond the doors. The temperature had been steadily dropping over the past week and with a near constant wind, felt even colder.
“A gang of serial killers or raccoons?”
After waiting another handful of seconds John ended the call. Shrugged it off and went back to wallowing somewhere between exhaustion and wanting to crawl out of his skin. He ended up going to bed early that night after picking at some leftovers he had in the fridge. The thing he tried to call sleep was fitful, more taxing then restful.
“What are you doing later?” Lestrade asked suddenly.
.” Lestrade replied sluggishly, taking on a grave tone. “Just making sure John’s alright after his terrible ordeal.”
Sherlock attempted to keep his mental self from recoiling.
Preforming the same crease and tuck on the opposite corner, John made for the pillows, fluffing them with a soft contemplative smirk. It lingered as he dumped the grey and blue stripped duvet back on the bed and tugged it into place, smoothing the ripples out meditatively beneath his palms.
“Strapping
After gazing at it a moment more, he gave a declining hum. “That’s quite alright, thank you.” He replied with a quaint smile, setting down his fork and holding his hand out for the parcel.
“Poor bugger…still, I suppose you did him a favor.” John sighed. In truth, he was more impressed that Sherlock hadn’t just cut Philip down completely from the get-go about his chances with Claudia. While John saw the merit in Sherlock’s desire to save people from being emotionally hurt, his methods were questionable. A brand of mercy that typically ranged from blunt to downright ruthless at times.
John felt more than a bit floored by all this to be truthful. While he agreed apologizing now was well pass due—though not
As he then took in the time: 10:15 pm, his brain unhelpfully supplied that it was 9:15 in London. That John was probably still awake. Wherever he was.
going to be tormented by a bloody
He had to be missing
It certainly lead credence to the small but growing contingent that believed Sherlock
The doctor rolled his eyes but nodded, both men laughing before Greg headed for the stairs and John shut the door behind him.
“I’ve just had the most disgraceful interaction with one of your desk boys. He was horribly rude to me and I wish to file a formal complaint!”
be able to get her in with someone else but otherwise she’ll have to reschedule.”
was certainly not the time to lose control. And not because of bloody Mycroft.
Kimberly Chen decided to make an omelet…”
“Not as cowardly as mocking a dead man.” The words gritted through John’s teeth so calmly and low that he wasn’t sure at first if the prick even heard him. But soon brown eyes, half-lidded with drink twist round to meet his. Slow, stupid, putting the pieces together.
Not only were the calls one day after the next, they were from the
The unobscured half of Greg’s face John could see appeared unmistakably frustrated. Weary more than enraged. And from the tension held in the stranger’s thin frame, the way he had one hand plastered on the desk’s surface regardless of the papers quashed beneath his palms, how the other was gesturing animatedly down at something lying between them, that frustration was mutual.
…and god help him if he hadn’t missed it.
the wax. I’d tell you more but…”
“His name is Mahir Tiryaki.” Came a sour voice on the other end. Sherlock sat back in his seat, grinning into his cup. Mycroft must have been at home. He never spoke so openly, let alone used Sherlock’s name these days anywhere else. “He’s the CEO of a company called Atlantis Pharmaceuticals.”
Standing there staring into the glossy surface of his phone’s screen, John couldn’t ignore the looming thought that someone
” as he pulled the phone away and with one sure press of his thumb, ended the call.
“Well I
“You and I both know you were robbed of that win.” Sherlock shrugged innocently, pulling his scarf from his throat and leaving it draped loosely about his neck. “Seemed only fair then to rob the winnings.”
There were four sections in total: News and Announcements—which he decided to skip as it only seemed to pertain to the forum itself, Sightings, Speculations, and General Chat.
“Yes!” John cried excitedly. “I mean...
It was the perfect in.
John’s fingers squeezed around the mobile tightly, fighting the urge to hurl it across the room at the wall. Instead he gritted a curse through his teeth and let the hand with the device in it fall limply to his side. He measured his breathing, feeling like he’d been struck with the blunt force of a wave breaking on him. The kind that tore the ground away from under you and knocked the air from your chest as you tumbled in its hold. The kind that would put any unprepared, inexperienced person into panic.
’ while she was hiding at a monastery somewhere deep in the Himalayas particularly amusing.
Much like this
There was one about a massive human trafficking ring in Tokyo being exposed. Authorities were quoted as saying the victims—nearly three dozen hidden in a cellar of a laundromat, kept claiming a ‘
“John?” Sherlock’s deep voice came almost immediately as the call connected. “John don’t hang up. I just…I just wanted to speak to you.” He sounded earnest, hesitant in a way the doctor rarely heard him use.
If Sarah’s grimacing smile was any clue, she took the answer at face value and decided not to push him for any more details.
can provide.”
Right?
“Irrelevant.” Sherlock sighed, as if the whole subject had become dreadfully tiresome. “And it’s not my fault I have a higher standard then what the illustrious
His distaste was cut short by a loud ‘
He came to kneel back between John’s thighs and helped him reposition his legs with one hand, palm sticking to the doctor’s skin. He had John plant his feet flat on the floor, knees comfortably raised.
they do still exist I reckon my mum would have them, somewhere. Honestly though, Sherlock, they’re rubbish. A child’s flight of fancy—” He attempted to stress.
“Do what?” Came the haughty voice of Mycroft Holmes on the other end. Sounding as if he already knew the answer by his tone and was all the more contented for it. Lestrade quite hated that too.
—three, probably four hours to kill, and you’re obviously dining alone this evening, I might as well keep you company.”
would miss something so crucial. Not seeing what was apparently happening right in front of him. What Sherlock was planning…
And John…well try as he might, Sherlock couldn’t help but ponder how he was doing.
He did this up until the cab dropped him off, somewhat more relaxed for it by the time he crept into his room and shut the door firmly behind him.
He was considering refining his search criteria, already half-way through flicking past the third page of results, when John’s eyes caught:
“Here you are Monsieur, room 473, fourth floor, enjoy your stay.” Sherlock rattled off quickly, sliding a printed copy of his registration info—a single occupancy, booked only for tonight
With a swift tap of a finger, Sherlock killed the feed.
Next chop up your scallions. Use the whole thing but the little rooty end bit there (if you’re looking for a milder onion flavor, just use the green leafy parts). One is good, if you want a bit more veg, do two. Then dump them in.
Carefully he climbed onto the couch, straddling his legs to stay balanced on two cushions.
“Yeah, having a nice punch-up!” Greg hollered, his ire deflating as two officers walked passed, eying them both. The DI sighed heavily, slapping a large bag at John’s chest which the doctor instinctively clenched at.
are a blessing Mrs. H.” John huddled quickly into the kitchen, leaning in to give her a peck on the cheek, the fur trim of her hood tickling underneath his chin. Mrs. Hudson clucked at the sight of him, rubbing his palms steadily over his biceps and put her cup down. She hastened over to the coffeemaker, grabbing an awaiting mug on the worktop.
Claudia then—
As the shapeless begins to take shape, as John’s sleep-muddled brain realizes there’s not something on him but
Dufort chose to engage in was his own business. Sherlock was only interested in the exchange of information. And now he had it.
bet. It’s wrong. Claudia won’t be the one striking him tonight.”
After a minute or two there was a triumphant hoot followed by a shout. “You mind Arsenal?”
.. / .-- .. .-.. .-.. / -... ..- .-. -. /
“A phone?”
As Mary tilted her hand, John could spot the sheen of the silicone gel he’d recommended spread over the wound and the surrounding skin, along with a faint medicinal scent under the same flowery perfume.  “You’ve been taking excellent care of this.” He remarked, pleased to see it doing so well.
would of left already.” The detective said nothing in reply; his features becoming passive save for the minute twitch of his lower right eyelid.
how’s it going?”
By morning he forgot about the call. Sarah texted, asking him to come in earlier than he was scheduled for. One of the local primaries had an outbreak of influenza and parents were flooding the clinic to get their kids and themselves inoculated at the last minute.
John nodded with slow, if not hesitant recognition, catching a mildly puzzled look from Mary for it. “Oh it’s a great facility.” He assured her.  “The staff’s surprisingly…tolerant.” Though anyone would have to be when treating a walking talking encyclopedia of insults with a mild concussion. And that was on two separate occasions. Oh and how could John forget the sprained pinky and that poor attending physician? John had attempted to apologize as the man fled the examination room blinking back tears but when the
His brother sighed (
bloody tall.” John muttered under his breath, so preoccupied he reached for his drink and had it nearly to his lips when he caught himself. With a grimace, the doctor averted his face and clapped the cup down sharply on the table.
It was nonsensical really, downright trivial, but John couldn’t help a fleeting pang of disappointment at that.
The detective inhaled sharply then fixed John with an affronted sort of bewilderment. “No.” His dismissal rough but no less fervent.
Sitting by the fire in his chair, John stared at the foggy windows of the sitting room, forbidding himself to look down at the chair across from him. He felt that if he looked down, the old year would dissolve away and right now he could make believe—just a bit longer—that circumstances were different.
The skin at the center of John’s eyebrows creased vertically. “Condition…” He parroted and Sherlock huffed a laugh from his nose. Without warning he pushed into John’s space, planting his hands firmly on the carpet on either side of his hips and closing in so their faces were mere inches apart. Though John didn’t startle from the sudden intrusion, his breath did catch at the undeterred view down Sherlock’s dress shirt, undone by an extra two buttons.
to be angry at everyone. Ella, most of Met, the bloody British Government, the brutal media. Anyone really except for Molly and Mrs. Hudson. They were grieving too after all. So John kept his distance as much as he could. The less exposure they had to his nearly non-existent fuse the better. For them he simply playacted. ‘Getting by’ became his persona:
John laughed, albeit a touch begrudgingly. He couldn’t argue with that. And to be honest he was enjoying himself immensely.
“Oh they’ll be delighted!” Mrs. Hudson’s nose wrinkled cheerfully, shoulders rising so that her downy coat appeared to be trying to eat her. “I’ll let Marie know you’ll be coming round.” She patted him on the arm as she whisked passed to take her nearly empty cup to the sink, missing the grateful look John paid towards the ceiling.
.” Sherlock declared cheerfully. “
“Depends.” Sherlock shrugged the one shoulder he wasn’t leaning on. He tipped forward till the antlers nearly skimmed the top of John’s hair; his nimble fingers flickering while he deliberated between a carrot and a crisp.
angry.” Sherlock ventured thoughtfully after a beat.
Ages ago some nameless (
It was hunger that ended up hauling John from the bed, deciding his best course of action was to take a shower and pop downstairs to the tavern for a cup of coffee. He didn’t expect the caffeine would give him any insight into this complete arsebucket of a situation, but he’d at least have a clearer head and something in his stomach.
“Yeah.” Lestrade muttered, fishing his keys out as the DI came up to his car. “I’ve seen John’s methods of coping Mycroft. This is not one of them.”
Greg stepped inside, surveying John curiously before the DI finally noticed the map tacked to the wall, littered with sticky notes with what looked like phone numbers and dates scrolled on them. “Am I…interrupting?”
He did however recall the internal debate on where he should sleep. Option A was of course alongside his
, the doctor’s brain caught up. John regarded him then, leveling Sherlock with a befuddled look and the corner of the detective’s mouth twitched upwards briefly.
“Eh, maybe not the lap kind…” John spied an unoccupied self-service kiosk and claimed it; beginning his order with a tap at the large green start button. “Though, you do preen more than any bloke I’ve ever met. All those hair products and oils and washes. I think you spent more money on toiletries in a month then I did on rent at the flat.”
do not start that again. I’ll hang up.”
John hadn’t answered the call from last night and he was seriously debating not accepting this one either. What was the point really? Maybe if he just ignored whoever this evidently bizarre person was, they would just give up and leave him alone.
) over their evening again. He had been since he’d wobbled off to the bathroom for a quick clean up and then again while they waited for their dinner to arrive and shared a glass of cognac.
Pulling open the medicine cupboard, John plucked out the small bottle of Paracetamol and palmed off the cap, downing two with a handful of water from the faucet.
.” Greg added crustily, not remembering that day quite as entertainingly as John did.
“Or delete them entirely.” John couldn’t help but goad good-naturedly as he reclined back in his chair.
“Sorry to interrupt but I’ve got Mrs. Greenwood on hold.” She winced, nibbling on her blush-tinted bottom lip. “She’s stuck in traffic, something about an overturned lorry. She said she thinks she can make it here but it might be a half hour past her appointment time. I mentioned I
(See the end of the chapter for
was fed certain bits of information to give him what he thought was ammunition against me months before his trial.”
,” Sherlock harrumphed, though the broad thumb sweeping over the upper notches of John’s spine subsequently ruined the attempt to persecute him.
“No.” The detective sighed, now eyeing the final quiche. John held the plate towards him in offering, snatching a few crisps for himself. “I plan on doing that for you.” He murmured, opting for a stick of celery instead, pushing it slowly into the dip and swirling it round.
“But I’ll need a bit of pocket money. You know how expensive these little excursions can get.”
It undoubtedly had been. And while Charlie was understandably disappointed for having lost so amazingly, he’d been a good sport when John came round to collect his winnings. Fishing two twenty pound notes from his wallet under the barely contained laughter of his workmates.
John let the paperback close on his thumb, his free hand coming up to pinch at the bridge of his nose. He wasn’t supposed to be thinking about this now. He was
he jumped?” Mycroft asked suddenly, though his tone was thoughtful; it held certain solemnness about it. John glanced over, a swell of remorse washing over him as their eyes met.
As it turned out the “burglar” had taken up residence deep within the house’s cavernous loft, using the air ducts to travel to and fro. Upon further inspection, they found the stolen scarves and socks in a heap beneath four mewling kits covered in soft grey fuzz with only a hint of their trademark masks on their tiny faces.
The less substantial or ambiguous instances went into the Speculations section. Everything from grainy surveillance images where people claimed to see Sherlock in a crowd or dressed in some elaborate disguise: ‘
? For me to grieve? To care. To care enough that watching my best friend die
Although Sherlock had particularly excelled at avoiding social norms, and personal space, oh and let’s not forget privacy or what was exactly appropriate to say to someone in a given situation. Perhaps he did respect John’s need sometimes to get away from him.
Then, come the second week in May there was another.
…while Sherlock sat there staring at it, his left leg was registering the heat rather than the right as it should have been. This wouldn’t do at all of course.
“How ‘bout mine?”
”—would have made a difference. Possibly. He’d always sought to paint the detective in a more humanistic light.
About to demand why in all that time Sherlock hadn’t said a
John couldn’t help but smile a little and placed the compress to his cheek. “Thanks.”
With a fond huff, John noticed the antlers had gone slightly funny again.
Here he was, essentially watching Sherlock catch the bad guy over and over again while he remained on the sidelines. Or, if he really wanted to be brutal about it,
look, the outwardly unassuming composure John adopted when he was on the cusp of being really dangerous.
“Gosh you
And it worked…for a while.
John. I can't stretch out without my feet sticking over the edge. I feel like I’m staying in a eight year old boy’s bedroom for god sakes!”
From the bag, the doctor produced two cans of soda, a lidded styrofoam cup containing a few pickle spears and a small bag of crisps—an impulse grab—for them to share, which he wrestled open and dumped out mostly on an unfolded napkin.
Wrapping her other arm around him, Mrs. Hudson pulled John in tighter, hushing him. A hand went to the back of the doctor’s head and slowly petting over his hair, down to the nape of his neck, again and again. John wound his arms around her petite waist, gripping at her fine cardigan as another surge gushed out. He whined something that to him sounded incomprehensible under the high-pitch hum in his ears.
There was a habitual relish he felt in doing battle with the daily puzzle but today it was barely holding his attention. His mind kept stalling, zoning out to nothing in particular.
“You’re going to lose your bet.” He remarked thoughtfully.
Later as it looked well over for West Bromwich—much to Greg’s delight, Lestrade had eased the volume down on the television as they got to chatting.
Silence greeted him back.
“You can stay here tonight.” John said distantly, concentrating on jerking the tie loose and expertly flicking the laces from the hooks. Sherlock gave a faint grunt as John pried the boot off of him, letting it drop to the floor with a weighty
didn’t bother him so much as it did at night. Whether it was the daylight itself: a cooler hue at this time, or the bustle of life outside and in: people walking by on the pavement, cars rumbling past, the murmur of Mrs. Hudson’s television down below—John wasn’t sure. It just felt more tolerable then it did when night rolled in and world around him seemed to promptly empty.
on his own. He never thought he’d miss the sense of relief to come home to find the building still standing. There was always a gamble when he'd left Sherlock on his own for any extended period of time. Fires, explosions, hazardous material spills, police raids, relapses and the occasional assassin where the things that use to run through John's head while others simply worried about whether they locked up or unplugged some appliance.
John had a hunch calling those would be useless but he did anyway, even trying the one he had redialed in November. Unsurprisingly it was still disconnected. As were the lot of them accept one he was able to isolate as a mobile carrier in Egypt.
John’s mind stalled, taken aback by the request. “Erm maybe?—I mean,
) red leather carrier-crate-bag-
Pulling the newly created video file into a freeware editing program, Sherlock began skipping through the footage, more than pleased at the snippets of conversation he heard taking place earlier on in their meeting:
it’s glacial out here.” John protested with a grimace, curling his rapidly chilling fingertips around the mobile radiating warmth into his palm and his ear. “And while I’m sure you saved them from complete ruin, that doesn’t make it not in the
Before Sherlock could debate any further with himself he had picked up the phone, rapidly punching the country code for London and a phone number he could dial in his sleep. At the first purr of it ringing he’d hit the mute button, clenching his free hand tightly in his lap. He couldn’t ignore the possibility that John just might let a call go to voicemail at this hour.
factor. Clearly, Lucy has strong affection for the film—”
She had pasted several links to German news sites, along with a blurb discussing them, thankfully in
Cheers!
Apparently Mahir didn’t just peddle medicines, he invented them. And his knowledge was more than impressive. Despite being there for the sole purpose of ruining the man, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a certain kinship with someone who loved the field as much as he did.
As soon as Anthea left however, Mycroft’s pleasantness collapsed. Replaced with an air of unease as he inspected the package closer. The forwarding address was scrolled with a cheap biro based on the inconstancies of the strokes—there were numerous spots where the ink had failed to be applied to the paper. The handwriting meanwhile, though virtually unrecognizable had an unmistakable familiarity to it when it came to the letter ‘S’.
John quickly readied himself for bed, set his alarm, stripped down to a thin white cotton vest and his boxers then hit the loo. He endeavored to let the extra hot spray of the shower wash the tension from him, cascading down his body in streams, imagining it swirling away down the drain. It left him feeling hollow but stilled.
sorry to hear that Madame, please hold while I get the manager.”
His mobile phone resting beside a cup of tea, gently steaming in the early morning sun chimed once.
The doctor reasoned.
Though, considering how he felt about certain individuals in high government standing, John might have just been willing to ignore the order.
choice.” He gazed out his window, taking in the passing cars through the tinted glass.
What followed was both maddening and glorious. While Sherlock didn’t necessarily rush—which he refused to do
John went stiff, a hand shooting down to feel at his right pocket. He heard the hum again but felt no corresponding vibration. Hearing sudden movement, John raked over his shoulder to see Clair digging into her purse tucked under the desk. After a second or two of rustling through the contents and another louder buzz, Clair pulled out a small purple mobile phone. She took in who was calling and then promptly rejected it.
From where he stood John could see the front desk, to his right a large empty hearth surrounded by several leather couches and chairs, farther right still sat the pub through another massive archway.
.” She finished bitterly. At seeing the honest concern on John’s face, her frustration melted away and Mary shot him a tight smile, seeming embarrassed at her own outburst.
Long wooden benches with large elaborately carved backs and well-used cushions were crammed end to end and back to back to supply as much seating as possible in the main room. Outside the street was swarmed with people passing through and the shouts of tightly packed street merchants trying to sell their wares.
Small epilogue chapter to follow and then I can put this story to bed ;)
Still, he had opted to keep his coat on, a grey parka he succeeded in haggling for well below the asking price. The merchant he got it from claimed the jacket was a US import—clearly a sweatshop knockoff by the inconsistency in the stitching and a lack of the trademarked insignia found inside that brand of parka. All of which the detective proceeded to point out much to the other man’s ire. He had hurriedly shoved the coat into Sherlock’s arms and snatched the offered money, bidding him the Turkish equivalent to go fuck himself with it.
Twisting round, Sherlock quickly scanned the cubbies and grabbed a rather impressive stiletto, brandishing its four inch metal heel. John nodded, readying his gun before they burst from their hiding spot…
the other way around. John had made that mistake once.
ring on his little finger. While it’s not entirely out of place for a man to wear a pinky ring, that one’s much too small to be his. Moreover there’s the narrowness of the band itself—rather dainty for a man’s ring wouldn’t you say?”
“Sherlock, if we weren’t dashing around London or outwitting criminal masterminds, we'd only randomly interact. And not like
“Ex-wife?” Sherlock interjected.
By the way at the time of me writing this part of the chapter, there was an Arsenal vs WBA match coming up on 5/24 so it’ll be interesting to see what the actual final score was by the time this gets posted.
) definitely had John’s interests peaked, to say the least.
Rousing himself, the detective grunted and stretched under John, who was partially draped over him and partially wedged between Sherlock’s side and the back of the sofa. And not a terrible place to be at that.
John had returned home early Boxing Day morning, a day earlier then he was expected. Sherlock could clearly hear the doctor’s sulk before even seeing it: the slight pause in the stride—favoring the left leg, the heaviness in which his bag dropped onto the carpet. And then when he had looked up: the hesitancy to make eye contact and the curt greeting he’d received. Sherlock realized then John was waiting for the inevitable deduction, maybe a sarcastic comment about how swimmingly the weekend went. Waiting for the last dollop of aggravation on the already heaping pile of his holiday.
day he had a later start at surgery this week. There went his plan of having a lie-in.
“Ta for the reminder.” He remarked bitterly, then adding with mounting vitriol “Now if you wouldn’t mind
It would have been so easy to just dodge it. Claim he had to see about his schedule and then never contact Lestrade. Let this slip through the cracks.
“Hold up. First of all, that wasn’t just any
It wouldn’t be enough, not even close. His extremities were verging on painfully cold.
“Good night John.”
For John to be—
this. Just a little would be fine. Obviously he couldn’t use the same amount as he once could, that would be suicide.
The DI grimaced, raising his bottle up to his mouth before muttering into it derisively. “For her and Mr.
Now John was just thankful no one gave him a second or even a first glance as he made his way passed desks and meeting rooms towards the back of the floor. And more than thankful that Sally Donovan was nowhere to be seen.
Just as much as Sherlock wasn’t Mycroft technically but he was still a Holmes.
Which, wouldn’t have been much of a big to-do if it wasn’t the middle of
John laugh. To receive that look of half aggravation and half admiration. That sacred amount of a ‘bit not good’ they both ruefully loved.
“Sorry. The number you have reached is not in service. Please check the number and dial again.”
Rolling over, John groped for the switch and flicked it off, returning to his position on his back with a soft grunt. He scrubbed the sleep from his eyes with his knuckles, feeling the trapped grit dislodge and scratch away. Though it was amazing he had any trapped there at all.
There was also the not so small matter of it being the only link he had to Sherlock. Well, besides
Usually his mystery caller targeted between 9pm and 12am. It was only 4 in the afternoon.
“It’s that damn furnace again!” Martha placed the carafe back on its hotplate a little too sharply. “Excuse me dear.” She sighed a beat later; suddenly embarrassed by her outburst. She came round, knowingly ignoring the sugar and jug of milk sitting on the kitchen table and handed the coffee straight to him.
John recognized ‘no’, ‘German’, and ‘you’ from that response. Oh if only his sixth form German teacher, Frau Kaestner could see him now, she’d be sorely disappointed.
. And I’ll take a wild stab and say you’re not going to tell me about it either.” John mused with a sigh.
an abomination.” He gave him one last withering glower before returning to his work, carefully extracting one glass slide from the mounting clips to replace it with another.
. However, John—
“You sound like you’ve got some medical knowledge.” John suggested as he rolled over to a set of drawers, opening a few to fetch the supplies he needed for the sutures. With a little careful spacing on his part, he could close up the worst of it with about three stitches. The rest could be held closed with the butterfly-style sutures that Mary had alluded to.
Now however, as Sherlock stared at all of John’s facets, he found himself needing to.
Like a bubble bursting from the thinness of its own delicate form, Sherlock was suddenly staring at a corner of stained chipping paint once more, any placebo gain of comfort exploding with it.
“I’m sorry.” John cocked his head with an amusement that was nothing short of dangerous if this git had known any better. “Pretty sure I told you to be respectful.” He licked his lips. “Considering you have no fucking idea what you’re talking about.”
. What he wouldn’t give for a crash or the squeak of a bow abusing strings. The eruption of excitement as a piece of complicated puzzle tumbled into place.
brought into this flat, I think you already know.” He continued after a beat.
It was a
Her concern wasn’t exactly unjustified. For all intents and purposes, he was sleeping in his flatmate’s bed. Correction—his
“You put your wallet inside of the new bag to test if it would fit. Which it did. But then got distracted by something and forgot to take it out—perhaps François here having another little
He showered with a proficiency he hadn’t utilized since his army days and gave a brief inspection of his face when he exited—still looked godawful but no surprise there. He stayed moving, getting back in the kitchen just as the kettle began squealing. While his tea seeped John dressed, opting for jeans and a ratty old long-sleeve cotton shirt. It was his first day off after all, no need to dress to impress.
“It was you calling me…wasn’t it?” John asked after a long spell, addressing the ceiling. He wondered briefly what time it was, guessing somewhere in the early hours of night as it was still dark outside the window. Still silent. Still asleep like John wished he was.
where he was. He took a quick reassessment of his surroundings. The man with the small child had moved on, replaced by an elderly woman inspecting bags of apples. The stock girl meanwhile had sidled up closer to him and was in the midst of refilling a ravaged pile of basil without his notice.
“He’s arrived.” He remarked coolly, placing his cup back in its saucer.
evidence.
“You know, when John told me you were coming I couldn’t believe it.” Lestrade mentioned as he offered to take their coats, shooting the doctor an eager look.
Hell hath no fury like a Watson scorned.
John thought he heard Sherlock murmur something about ‘
Perhaps a trip to the Tesco was in order soon…
“We’ve had it inspected, but I can send it off again if you’d like.” The PA added.
“A bit idiotic…” Mary huffed. “I volunteer over at the Whitechapel Mission.”
Sure enough, it was the same number.
.” The detective retorted with a familiar haughtiness.
John swallowed down the lump forming in his throat with the last gulp of his now warm lager.
John curbed a smirk, felt an unfurling in his gut he hadn’t experienced in ages. There were a few
Thankfully, that portion of the interview had been kept short and soon enough they were touring the premises. He was officially hired the next day and asked to come in for training.
.” He corrected with a sleepy laugh, somewhere in his hazing brain he thought about his wireless bill.
Keen to stay away from Baker Street, he’d been pouring himself into work again and then pouring himself into a glass tumbler at night. Anything to make the days pass quickly. To get as far away from June as he could.
Gone was the trademarked tailored suit, replaced by muted navy cargo pants and a dark grey thermal shirt—though he was practically swimming in both of them. On his feet were what looked to John like a pair of military-issued combat boots.
“Here, put this on your face.” Mrs. Hudson indicated towards the man’s peacock of a cheek.
.” There were a few more rustling noises, a small grunt, and then nothing as Sherlock went still.
A little after midnight Sherlock had abruptly raised a gloved finger to his lips, silencing John mid-whisper. John had strained his ears until he heard a faint scratching. Like something grating against metal. It grew louder and louder until it sounded like it was right with in the room beyond them. There was a creak, a metallic groan and then a soft clang followed by silence.
John smiled faintly around the rim of his pint glass, taking a sip and licking the foam from his upper lip.
John roused with a gangly snort, looking blearily over at his clock and groaning when he registered the time.
About to reply, John’s eyes caught a figure sitting at a table some several meters away beyond the waitress’s arm, their back mostly to him: tall thin frame in a dark tailored suit, a head of dusky manicured curls, elbows resting on the table, pale hands with fingers laced together against their mouth. He felt his stomach rocket into his throat, breath catching as the response died on his lips. John blinked hard, blinked again, and in an instant his eyes registered a different figure. A lanky man with lighter brown hair, cropped shorter in a charcoal suit began speaking animatedly to the woman he was dining with. Her laughter cutting across the restaurant.
.” He smirked, holding out his binoculars. “Look at the hand holding the phone.”
John’s body arched, his toes curling. It took a precarious, delirious moment for him to establish any sense of rhythm, rolling his pelvis to meet Sherlock’s steady thrusts, pulling out a little further each time.
Greg cleared his throat and walked on. “I think it’s hitting him harder than John’s letting on.” He urged quietly, keeping his voice lowered as if there was some way John was going hear him all the way down the block. “We were supposed to have dinner tonight right, like usual, and he’s completely forgotten. Said he was wrapped up in trying to write some old case.”
He wasn’t entirely certain if he was agreeing with Greg or himself.
locations.
shapely digits made John’s stomach swoop.
“He’s lost someone he cares for.” Sherlock finished with a shrug of his brows.
“I’m not a
It didn’t matter, Gage was finished and so was Sherlock in France.
“And it’s Chicken Marsala.”
There was an eager vibrancy in his eyes, however. One that John recognized as Sherlock being intrigued by what he deemed to be a worthy challenge. And the doctor had to confess, it was a rather heady thing having it aimed so acutely at him.
John snickered and lightly filled it in, jumping then to #1 Down that now contained the first ‘I’ of idiot.
Sherlock clenched the fingers tearing like a vulture at the chair’s arm tightly for several seconds then let them flair loose, blood pulsing back into his fingertips. He did it again. Then again. His other hand only better off for having been pressed up against his face for so long.
While he was at it, while he was listening to symptoms and taking readings and going through the motions it felt normal. Effortless even. But by early evening, staying so neutral began to eat at his energy. Made him a bit sharper round the edges. What turned out to be John’s last appointment of the day almost ended with him snapping at his patient.
racing that day. And of the times he did, Tiryaki usually favored poorer odds for higher gains, which meant he tended to lose often. The typical risk-taking behavior of an addict Sherlock could appreciate.
“Far more interesting.” Sherlock agreed thoughtfully. “You’ve seen enough of them John; the average criminal is rarely bright let alone creative. Robberies themselves are formulaic. Break into something, steal something, get out, don’t get caught. Usually anything worth my time revolves around the act itself rather than what’s been stolen.  Top secret documents, a priceless painting, some big blue gem…valuable to most but not me. What I value is the
John breathed in.
The room’s most striking feature however was its king sized bed, situated against the right most wall. The gargantuan thing was made even bulkier looking by several pillows stacked at the head and draped with a fluffy duvet.
Later would come tea if the detective remembered correctly. Which he did. Albeit such a trivial memory to keep stored when he was so quick to delete what was popularly considered ‘
. A good old fashioned philia always makes things more exciting. Pair it with a locked room and with any luck a body and you’ve have my attention.”
“Oh I gathered as much. With the marvelous sex and all.” John felt only slightly less of a prat. He tipped his head a few centimeters and inhaled at the warm skin of the detective’s sternum. Sherlock must have daubed a bit of his newest oil concoction there too because there were fading traces of teak and honeysuckle amongst the smell of fresh, cooled sweat and his own unique scent.
Greg nodded towards the hall outside. “Let’s go.”
for her wallet in her unnecessarily enormous purse while her dog (
higher ranking then Corporal Lyons. He just wasn’t there on a spot inspection. Or you know, currently active.
. Some of them only happened when he and Sherlock were alone together—
And later still, after Sherlock’s splayed knees drew in, after his hips nearly lifted off the cushion with a bitten off bellow of John’s name and John moaned eagerly around his pulsing length. After John had climbed inelegantly onto Sherlock’s lap and Sherlock crushed their mouths together as he took John’s cock in a lightly trembling hand. After John gave his own breathy shout along Sherlock’s temple, spilling over the man’s fist for a second time that night.
This was one of them.
John knitted his brow, about the only thing that didn’t hurt as he stood up. “Go?” His foggy brain noting that the DI was wearing his trench coat as if he was about to leave.
--- ..-. / .. - ... / --- .-- -.
No, John hadn’t planned to take Sherlock up on his offer, at least beyond a few nights. Nor had he planned on continuing to sleep there a whopping four weeks later and to the heartbreaking discovery of his landlady.
John, does that mean nothing to you? Wait—where are you going?”
It was just as the song was hitting the end of the first verse that the doctor’s ears picked up his mobile ringing over it.
Sighing, John placed his phone down on a stretch of counter and headed for the bathroom, ignoring the mirror until he could get a shower in. It wouldn’t help his face per say, but it would still make him feel a little less like shite on legs.
When John woke he did so alone, facing a vacant space and an indent in the pillow next to his. So subtle that it almost looked like the impression wasn’t there at all.
) the meal was deemed a success.
“Well if Madame knows the number I can simply
Sherlock broke from his realization and checked the export dialog box, now at 88%.
idea how—
He’d let the jabs roll off his shoulders for the most part. Because what his sister failed to realize every time she teased him, was that John
under question.
Rolling with the new found momentum, the doctor grabbed his wallet and coat and escorted Mrs. Hudson back to her flat before thanking her again for lunch and…he faltered, glancing down at his shoes. He wasn’t too sure how to express how wonderful she was to let him unload like that. It had been ugly, exposing and unlike him. He hadn’t even cried that bad in front of Ella in their first session just after Sherlock died.
John’s lips pursed, a bit bewildered at the sudden interest in his mattress. He shot a glance down to his bare legs along the length of the sofa, flexing his toes.  “Uh, yeah a bit I guess.” Not to mention the fact that he wasn’t currently
I know zilch about football but did some quick research on google to find someone suggesting that John would be a Hibernian fan based on ACD being from Edinburgh, so I thought that was perfect. I based Lestrade liking Arsenal from an interview he did here: http://www.rupert-graves.com/media/mb032.html
“I wanted to tell you sooner John but there just wasn’t a good time. And mostly I—well I didn’t want to open old wounds.”  Lestrade finished somberly.
She’d explained to John that while she appreciated having him around more, she was worried he was going to burn himself out if he went on like this.
Good shot there bargaining. Better luck next time.
After a long moment, he felt Sherlock peel his face from where it had become stuck with sweat to his skin. John cracked his eyes open to see the detective looking down at him, his gaze drowsy, cheeks sex-flushed. He had only a second or two to admire how handsomely debouched Sherlock appeared when the antlers—having gone terribly crooked, gave way and smacked John square in the face.
“But who the hell else is calling me? I don’t know
on the concrete as he walked away into the night.
.” Lestrade groaned, abandoning his search for his lighter and producing his mobile instead. Assuming it was the Yard at this hour, his irritation mounted as he saw that it was someone else entirely.
“Komm, beeilen Sie Arschloch!”
dusted. Sherlock wouldn’t allow it. Hoovering and straightening was fine but heaven help you if you disturbed the fine caking of dust on any surface.
hadn’t been in the intel he acquired. Shifting in his seat, he took in the rest of the room unable to locate—
It made John’s heart sink as much as it made him want to smile more.
So here he was. Watching telly, eating nuts, and working on his third pilsner—half pint this round. The perfect trifecta to lose yourself in.
“At times, yeah.”
Easing up off the ground, Sherlock hauled himself backwards until his back hit the wood paneling. As he raised his knees slowly he grimaced, like the simple movement troubled him. The reaction caught John’s eye and his confusion was momentarily suppressed as he took in Sherlock’s appearance for the first time.
want to do is mount and
As he glanced to his far left along the counter where his phone was charging near the sink, John was shocked to see its screen darkened and that the noise was actually coming from the
wasn’t.
And here's this chapter's full code: - .... . / .... . .- .-. - / .... .- ... / .- / -- .. -. -.. / --- ..-. / .. - ... / --- .-- -.
Sherlock stepped outside onto the pavement, taking a deep blissful breath of autumn air and city grime. Not the grime he favored filling his lungs with, but welcomed nevertheless. Pulling his coat closed around him, he plucked the name tag from his lapel and threw it over his shoulder, hearing it
John had dropped him easily with a strike in the gut and a sweep to his legs after dodging a pathetic excuse for a punch towards the doctor’s head.
Bookending the fireplace were two doors, one John suspected was the closet while the other looked as if there was a lock on the back of the knob. Perhaps a connecting doorway to the room next to his.
. Which is why you ended up writing a cheque for it rather than using your card. The very same card—if you’ve been keeping up—that I need to see in order to process you.”
Sherlock’s face fell into an all too familiar blankness. It typically came after John called him out on a particularly callous action or comment. To this day John wasn’t sure if it was a modicum of shame slipping through the veneer or if Sherlock was simply disengaging from the conversation. Like it was all suddenly too boring to warrant further attention. Even now Sherlock turned his focus towards the ceiling, the pale lines of his throat sliding up then down slowly.
Lestrade scoffed quietly, taking a sip of his second round of stout with a satisfied gasp. “You sound like my lawyer.”
…I think that about sums it up, yeah.” John wheezed a little, wrapping his heavy arms around Sherlock’s torso. The detective was still quietly chuckling as he pressed his sweaty forehead to John's, the tips of their noses brushing. John closed the slight gap between their lips with a chase kiss. Then another.
“No absolutely. I—I can’t even—” Mary hugged an arm around herself. “You don’t know how much this means to me.”
He felt it now though. Not self-conscious per say, but a nervous sort of buzz at being spread out like this, on display for the other man to drink in. Why, Sherlock practically gulped him down with the drag of his eyes over John’s shoulders, his chest, at the tensing along his abdomen leading to a notable twitch from his cock—half-erect now without a single direct touch.
that?” Greg prodded rhetorically, knowing fully well he’d never get a straight answer from him. He couldn’t even get one from John.
It wasn’t until nearly the last week that Sarah called him into her office and John prepared himself to get another
.” Sherlock mused aloud as he typed the very same words in the Subject box.
It was crazy. It really was. Any sensible person would hang up; they might even report the activity to the police.
it is to wander these parts alone?”
…” He squelched, clearing his throat and tried for something less froggy. “Yeah. Ham’s great.” Curbing a wince from that stellar response, he flinched when there was damp folded linen suddenly edged into his peripheral.
But a
. We’ll make contact once you land in Marrakech.”
at the idea and took his dishes to the kitchen.
.- .-.. --- -. .
John stared at the window curiously. He didn’t remember shutting it.
John patted Sherlock on the arm and steered his attention to where a small hallway sat leading to Lestrade’s bedroom and bath. There at hall’s entry hung a sprig of mistletoe and a man and woman sharing a fairly
-.-- --- ..-
It was a rare opportunity when John got to purposely put himself in the wrong place at the wrong time…
There was exasperated sigh on the other end. “Gregory, you know he wants nothing to do with me.”
Sherlock went silent for a spell and John was left to wonder what was going on over there when the detective suddenly chimed in:
He cleared his throat, releasing the tension he was holding in his shoulders unwittingly. John huffed an embarrassed laugh. “Christ, you’d think I just confessed to reading your diary.” He drained the remains of his wine and set the glass aside.
. Instead he donned his sincerest sounding concern. “I’m
Though admittedly stubborn, John wasn’t ignorant. He recognized the signs of insomnia he’d been developing over these past few months. Or rather, it wasn’t exactly a development as it was a
pleased. He’d been beaten to the punch with Gage but at least he could see the outcome of his work in this case. Dufort would undoubtedly be found guilty, the evidence too rich and high treason carried with it a life sentence.
“Which is why…I have to be especially cautious.”
“My first objective was isolating Anderson.” Sherlock began to explain on their cab ride back home. The car hissed along damp streets as a light but steady rain fell. John had been dreamily watching the droplets form and streak across his foggy passenger window when Sherlock suddenly spoke after remaining silent for a good five minutes into their trip.
Mainly, John’s mind kept circling back to their roleplay. While the premise was perhaps their raunchiest to date (
, right now. Obviously I can’t say what, or for that matter where, but I’m sure by now you’re quite capable of sussing out my general location.”
John listened as he dumped the sliced mushrooms into the pan, mixing them in with the shallots already searing away.
agreed not to steal his I.D anymore. I never said anything about his liquor. Or any of his other personal belongings for that matter—Relax John. I’ll just, assist him with a few low-level cases. Maybe even a
of study just waiting to be—
“Uh…no! Just—just the thread!” John called back. As he stood there waiting, the heavenly smell of cooking beef, vegetables, and reduced wine wafted from the kitchen. John’s mouth began to water; his stomach bubbling in need to put whatever Mrs. H was cooking in there
“I suppose the best place to start is the beginning.” Sherlock remarked more to himself than anyone around him. He sucked in a deep breath, the fingers of his right hand drumming on his thigh where it was raised from his perching. “On the morning of April the 23
John thought bitterly, struggling for an response before he realized he had the perfect one on tap. “Uh, old case I’m trying to write up. You know, for the blog.”
Updating his findings, the doctor tossed his pen with a sharp
; was not only a true waste of his time but an insult to their entire work thus far.
Quickly packing up, Sherlock grabbed his small coat, putting it on and tucking the laptop underneath his arm. As his hand came to rest on the doorknob, he took a deep breath, centering himself. Pushing the sound of John’s voice far into the back of his mind for later contemplation.
Rather odd feeling that. Wanting to see someone and never wanting to see them again at the same time.
It was a few minutes later that Lestrade clanged on the side of his beer bottle with a fork and announced the ugliest jumper winner, giving it to a Lieutenant Green. The young man had gone above and beyond the realms of taste by cutting two circular holes in the chest area of his sweater and then fashioning each of his (quite ample and hairy) exposed pectoral muscles to look like snowmen faces—including a carrot nose protruding from each nipple.
“How is our doctor fairing?”
A small but wistful hurt came over him and John curtailed it with a shake of his head and a cynical chuckle as he redistributed the onions with a few deft turns of his spatula.
. As the doctor began working on the other, he glanced up to see he was being watched. Sherlock’s head was craned awkwardly and his eye movements sluggish, intent to follow John’s fingers.
Collecting himself, Sherlock gave the man who’d approached the desk a modest smile, pulling in minute deductions before either spoke.
John wasn’t sure what that ‘
, his mind warned, some faint inner voice, some shadow.
“Make no mistake; while I intend to do the same, you’ll find my methods are far more…
He took Mary’s hand back in his, warmth passing through the latex of his gloves and the smell of faint, flowery perfume teased under John’s nose.
Upon anticipating a fifth break in, Sherlock and he had stowed away in a frightfully large walk-in closet. John remembered Sherlock doing his best to comfortably lean against a wall of dark oak shoe cubbies, while he tried very hard not to make eye contact with a fox stole, the poor creature’s face still fully intact. The way its faux amber eyes gleamed in the moonlight from the skylight overhead made the doctor shiver.
Scowling, he closed the browser window only to have the next thing to pop up on the screen be the mobile’s virtual notepad. Specifically a new note still in editing mode.
…yes.” John shifted his weight from one foot to another. Knowing Sherlock, ‘
Carefully he righted himself, trying to ignore the pounding inside his skull as he sat up.
-.-- --- ..- .-.-.-
too long that they were sandwiches, more than likely curtsey of Speedy’s next door.
Despite it now slowly cutting off of the circulation at his wrists and jamming up into his armpits whenever John raised his arms above waist level, it was completely worth it for tonight’s purposes.
The strike was swift. Precise. The second knuckle of John’s right fist impacting the corner of Sherlock’s mouth into his teeth, sending the detective’s head rolling to the left along with it.
but smirked nonetheless.
It was a quarter till eight in the evening when John finally marched down the hall, freshly shaven and tugging warily at the cuffs of his jumper. Their stitching left much to be desired in terms of stretch, which wasn’t terribly surprising considering the sweater was in fact, made for a lady. Or at least John had assumed so when he found it hanging at a local thrift store amongst a plethora of secondhand knitware with very little organization.
“I’ve begun running tests on it using varying grades and types of acid.” Sherlock’s voice started a little horse, but refined as he went on. “I’ve been meaning to document the solubility of synthetic fibers, but hadn’t brought myself yet to buying something containing that much
floor on his dinner break two days prior, grabbing an abandoned housekeeping trolley left in the hallway and stopping in front of number 802—a corner suite and one of the hotel’s more pricier listings.
The detective had watched him lose every single bet he made that day from his perch on the risers. He could tell just from the stiffness in his gait as the man returned from the window that Tiryaki was ready to leave if this next race didn’t pan out. And it wouldn’t by the quick glance Sherlock got of his race card when he slipped up beside him. Mahir had been brooding alone near the rail separating the track from the stands.
“You’re gonna miss Anderson getting pissed and making an arse of himself hitting on his coworkers.” He tried. “Dimmock and I have twenty quid on who’s slapping him under the mistletoe this year. My money’s on Claudia, that new forensic photographer. Bit of a dark horse but I’ve seen the way Phil’s been
Sherlock glanced over to find John remained where he was. And though the doctor elected not to speak, his disapproval was clear enough.
—a “guest” who was actually one Thomas Gage, a prime info gatherer in Moriarty’s vast network.
—should I be prepared?” John managed to rasp out, aiming a coy smile at Sherlock even while his eyes watered round the edges. Sherlock looked predatorial the way he was reclined, the sleek lines and sharp creases of his dark suit, the gracefulness and subtle power of his limbs. Like a ruddy panther with
“We use to chat about your adventures while we played.” Mrs. Hudson mused on the subject of her weekend card game. “They couldn’t believe I housed the two of you.”
.” The woman contested, hat twitching with conviction when her dog gave a sharp sneeze.
“Of course I
Sarah laughed, gathering a few papers on her desk. “Yeah they’re apparently desperate for doctors from the London area and I happened to mention your experience as a trauma surgeon in the army and…” She shrugged. “They want you there this weekend. Said they’d love for you to do a panel on medicine out in the field or whatever you wanted to discuss really.”
be late. I’m not going.” Came a blasé reply from behind.
Really the only thing that would have made doing this better was having someone to cook
If he didn’t have enough evidence on Dufort by now, he never would.
Which was why as soon as he was finished with his task in Morocco, Sherlock exchanged his plane ticket to Benghazi for the next flight to Istanbul and paid the difference.
“Oh—erm—I hadn’t expected you to pick up.” Came a soft reply.
face.”
“Well I’m certainly not going to gamble on woman’s broken heart.” John resigned, spotting Lestrade coming back with an opened beer and detached himself from Sherlock, though he maintained their close proximity.
about his overworking.
and wobble. Reaching for a fat pickle spear, the DI bit in nearly in half. He considered John for a moment while he chewed loudly.
It was 3pm by the time they parted ways, Martha informing him that she was having dinner with Mrs. Turner in a few hours and John was very welcome to come himself but he declined. He decided to make the best out of the rest of the day and do some much needed grocery shopping.
lodging, Sherlock had kept his spending to a minimum, needing practically all the money he’d secreted away from Mycroft to fund this little side mission.
“Listen. I don’t know who the hell you are but if this is someone from the papers I’ve got a statement for you…fuck off!” He’d ended the call and found he was practically panting, face flushed far more than from just the chill in the air. John managed to pull himself together and continue on home, shutting his mobile off for the day.
Sherlock was forced to
Although doing so
As the “Cleaning in Progress” tag was still swinging on the door handle, he slipped into the lavish room, moving swiftly to the suite’s colossal flat-screen telly.
each other.” The doctor pressed on, gathering his nerves before they trickled away like sand. There was a swell of frustration inside him, helpful as it was caustic.
Mary's brows rose, openly intrigued. “Surgeon?” She asked.
John let out a soft groan at the slick tip of a tongue coaxing its way in between his lips and flicking over his own. Sherlock’s gloved hand smoothed up his back to cup at the back of his neck, the leather warm and supple and sticking a little to the sweat forming on his skin.
(or at least one whole egg and two egg whites. You can do three whites if you’re trying to cut down on the cholesterol.)
There was a soft jingling of metal on metal near his left ear and John looked up to see Sherlock standing inches away and holding his small ring of keys between two gloved fingers.
for the hidden node of John’s prostate.
The detective’s smile promptly faded as the craving to experience that again welled in his chest, vibrant and sore. To hear John laugh, to
He ate his sandwich solemnly, arse seated in a cleared out spot on the coffee table as he faced the map.
“So? I helped the owner a while back with a troubling matter of an ex-employee knicking liquor and marking them down as broken during shipments.”
He’d dropped off quickly the night before—a rarity when he wasn’t done-in from working. And while the low classical music did a marvelous job lulling him to sleep, it didn’t
The tin itself was simple, rectangular in shape with a hinged lid, decorated in thin vertical stripes of alternating red and a gold logo reading: ‘Çaykur’ below that in white print: ‘Tiryaki Çay’.
John nodded a little. “Yeah…could of been.” He remarked thoughtfully.
Nothing was coming to mind so he moved on, tapping his pencil rhythmically, each impact sounding softer and softer…
Letting out a quiet sigh of disappointment, the doctor placed a hand to his neck, angling his head to work out the stiffness.
“Thank you for—talking with me. And for accepting the mobile. Though I’m not exactly sure why you did.”
“I still say we should have kept one.” Sherlock lamented. “I could have taught it how to retrieve things for me and open rudimentary locks. Did you know on the mammalian IQ scale, raccoons rank higher than cats and just below monkeys?”
“You know, a part of me will always love my late husband.” Mrs. Hudson gently interrupted and John did his best to steel his discomfort with a long swig of his coffee. “The drug cartel and the homicides and the cheating aside, Frank had some very loveable qualities. Mostly physical…” She gave a fond, almost reminiscing smile. “And there’s
I wanted to say real quick thank you sooooooo much for the kudos and comments, makes my day!
—there’s has to be something you can tell me that isn’t top fucking secret.”
John skipped over most of those; though he did find the one about a female drug smuggler outed by a ‘
Reaching up he tugged the bedside light off, checked his phone one more time to make sure he set the alarm for tomorrow and settled in on his back. His surroundings were near silent both within the building and outside on the street. Only the faint sound of curtains lightly billowing, John having cracked the window open to let in a breeze smelling of fresh summer air.
“Come on John, it’s a weekend in the
He was just…doing it without John.
Even if he just called John’s mobile…well it would look like a wrong number wouldn’t it? People get miscalled all the time didn’t they? Sometimes from all over the place.
WARNING: I make mention of a corpse, not overly detailed but it could be triggering. You'll find it after the second section cut.
Mycroft raised his chin, eyes shifting to the phone in his hand. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
different now, trolling the waters at the local singles bars didn’t hold the same appeal to John that it used to. Which was beyond baffling. He should
Coughing a little Greg pointed his bottle at him. “I didn’t hear that.” He took another swig around his laughter. “But I’ll keep it in mind.”
Fun fact 2: I originally had John going to see Anderson to learn about TEH but scrapped it in favor of having him run into Mary. (I realize I have a limited time to establish her presence so the bulk of my writing had to be redone.)
evening.” He grasped the quiche between two fingers and maneuvered it towards John’s mouth.
Lestrade simply glanced over, his irritation quickly falling away at seeing John in the entry, while the man curled over his desk shot up to reveal a very spooked, very bearded…Philip Anderson.
But if there was anyone in their little universe—that he was still talking to—that understood what it was like existing in Sherlock’s orbit and then suddenly not, it was Lestrade. Maybe even better than John did.
“Sir?” The waitress asked again, turning to look where John was staring before looking back at him. She watched as he reached, hand minutely trembling for his water glass and downed the half that remained in one gulp.
as he’d pry another piece free.
about something. Next, there’s the neurotic checking of his phone.” Sherlock mentioned, Tiryaki glance over and narrowed his gaze as they both watched the jockey dig something out of his pocket. The young man raised it halfway up to his face, thumb swiping over what appeared to be a small mobile.
. But more importantly, the person she’s been staring at since we’ve arrived. And I’d hazard to say long before that.”
To his right a fire blazed brightly in the hearth, casting the otherwise darkened interior in flickering golds and trembling shadows.
film you forced me to watch a few months ago.” Sherlock continued, gesturing glibly between them with a twirl of his gloved hand.
Greg startled a little as a bottle neck was tapped against his arm. He’d been still mulling over the flat when John had approached him. Accepting the drink, the DI nodded in slow appreciation. “The place looks...” He stalled, taking a swig of beer, eying the room again.
-... .-. --- - .... . .-.
Unable to form a reply around the sudden parchedness of his mouth and throat, he simply spread his lips as Sherlock glided the tiny tart in. The quiche was closer to room temperature by now and a little dry, but the egg was nicely cooked and the spinach was fresh tasting. John still struggled to get it down, making a quick grab for the cup of eggnog and taking several long gulps.
Sherlock glanced away toward his window, subtly abashed. “Be that as it may, you’re ignoring a
He spent the next two hours “looking” for the leak in the attic. John
or whatever it is.” Greg replied, grimacing at the last bit.
As Sherlock clamored back over him, John lugged him down by the biceps as much as the man let himself plummet.
The drop door into the attic was located right passed his bedroom. Tucking a torch under his armpit, John reached up on his toes and grasped the pull cord, yanking the door open with a groan from the hinges. He unfolded the attached wooden ladder and flicked his light on, shining it up into the dim space above his head.
Which is why I now present to you dear reader, my egg drop soup recipe.
The plan was to start him out with a Zolpidem in an extended release form, something that would make him fall asleep quickly and keep him asleep throughout the night. He told her about his previous experiences with sleeping pills and they both agreed trying this form might be better. Eventually they would switch John over to a Ramelteon, which worked differently by targeting the circadian cycle naturally rather than forcing it with an artificial chemical. That one he could use long-term if needed.
Besides Lucy perhaps, John honestly couldn’t imagine anyone legitimately writing Philip a note like that. And considering Lucy seemed resolved to do her pining from afar, it was unlikely her.  But if the note wasn’t actually
Lestrade had done an impressive job of decorating his flat, stringing large fairy lights around the entire ceiling of the space. In what John assumed was another calculated placement, he’d strung more lights to frame his relatively new flat screen telly mounted on the wall next to the hallway. The set itself was on, displaying a yule log someone had recorded burning in their fireplace.
someone." There was a soft huff, both men falling quiet soon thereafter. Neither seemed in any particular hurry to fill it or end it. John rolled over onto his side, his view eye-level with Sherlock's chair across the sitting room. How many nights had they sat across from each other in such a silence? Completely at ease in it.
were coming but would probably be late, only to receive three texts in quick succession:
What’s funny is I originally had John telling Sherlock to basically GTFO,
and acted anyway?”
when it came to preparing John—he was efficient nonetheless. Working with two, then three fingers inside him. Opening John’s channel while the doctor did his best not to come completely undone. It certainly didn’t help that Sherlock seemed to have the opposite goal in mind, ably stoking John’s arousal during the entire process.
, John thought critically as he rotated his phone, letting the display shift to landscape for a better view. It didn’t help much, as the page’s colors were black and dark grey with not-quite-white text, making it tricky to read even when zoomed in.  John did his best though, moving his phone closer to his face as he swiped and pinched and stretched.
“Ah here you are Dr. Watson. Room 42. Upstairs and to the left” The young woman announced, turning back to a large wall of keys she plucked the corresponding one off and slid it across the countertop to him. “Do you need someone to take up your bag sir?” She was obviously referring to her desk mate and quite honestly neither he nor John wanted him handling his bag.
“And why
John had his good days and his bad days. Though the good days were just the uneventful ones and the bad ones left him either short-tempered or wrecked inside, sometimes both. If he were to hazard a guess where he stood on the grand steps of grief it was dancing between Anger and Depression. Then again, John was starting to think he might have been volleying amongst the two for a while now.
He’d just spotted his shift Thursday shift had been moved to Friday when there was a dull buzzing sound.
Blanching, the detective’s attention snapped over to find John in Mycroft’s stead, something sharp and acrid cracking in his gut.
“More than I’d anticipated.” He admitted, adopting a small, tight smile as he opened his eyes. “I wanted…I didn’t want it to end so soon. At least not until I—we…” Sherlock trailed off, avoiding John’s gaze in lieu of staring at some random point along his collarbones, abashed in a way John hadn’t seen displayed so openly very often. It made his insides flutter amongst other things he was pointedly trying to ignore for the time being.
Abandoning the clue for now he skipped to #2 Down. Three letters with a ‘D’ in the middle, the clue being ‘
Glancing at the security feeds, he was vexed to see the harpy in the floppy hat had ensnared his manager and was currently complaining at him, free arm waving wildly as the other was curled around her dog out from its crate.
The doctor sighed as he wound a few strands of spaghetti in his Pasta Bolognese gradually around his fork. He had stopped for dinner at Bella Italia, a small Italian restaurant a short walk from Durham Castle. It had a charming homey atmosphere and John’s mouth had started to water as soon as he came within sniffing range on the street. He tried very hard to ignore how it reminded him of Angelo’s.
John grinned lopsidedly, feeling a light flush along his cheeks that he blamed on the wine. “I think that’s the first time you’ve ever complemented my writing.” Ignoring the fact it was technically a backhanded compliment.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes tightly shut, berating himself for even envisioning the idea. What good would it do? He couldn’t interact with John in any way, so he certainly couldn’t
for at least
The beard was one thing—dense and unkempt as it was, however Anderson’s overall appearance was a slapdash version of his former self. His hair was longer, so stringy and pressed to his skull that it looked two shades darker. Instead the formal suit, he wore a rumpled off-white button-down tucked unevenly into a pair of faded brown corduroy trousers. It gave the impression that Philip hadn’t seen a comb besides his own fingers and a good ironing in months.
“Actually…that part wasn’t
to him.
variety they had on hand.
land true, the quiet, admirable conformation Sherlock offered was well worth what John considered to be his own intellectual flailing about.
Seemingly undeterred by John’s unresponsiveness, Sherlock continued, sucking in short grounding breath. “I believe according to social etiquette an apology is in order. Though…considering everything that’s happened up till now, ‘I’m sorry’ seems grossly inadequate. And unwelcome—I imagine. At this point...” He trailed off.
to whatever corner of my super-ego you crept out of, I’d rather toil without seeing
Greg spread his arms a little. “Not half bad aye?” He wiggled his hips, causing the plastic eyes to sway. John couldn’t stop a guilty laugh and Sherlock glared at them both in repugnance.
Perhaps the most frustrating thing of all was the undeniable part of him that was
that had been a hell of a case. Too bad he was under strict order that the matters of that particular caper remained classified.
“I’m rather obsessed with it you see.” He’d gone on to say, motioning for the waiter to refresh his drink half full. “To me, chemistry is the key to unlocking the full potential of the human body. With it we can impede disease, cure illness, correct defects, enhance the very
“Right well, next time I decide to get arrested, we’ll coordinate.” John replied, his laughter edging on fraudulent. A quick glance at Lestrade showed he wasn’t as amused either.
she’d left perched on the counter. Coincidentally right beside the plastic enclosed sign that read:
or whatever it is. But I’m not dropping your name there.”
“You take me for a younger deer love. Besides, I’m about ready to hibernate.” John said before yawning loudly and snuggling back down, suddenly feeling the tendrils of sleep creep back over him.
to be there. Maybe it was a touch selfish, but cooking was something he got to have with their mum all to himself.
Not when the stakes were so high, with so much to do and only he and his brother’s limited help to do it. Meanwhile Moriarty’s influence spread across Europe like a shadow, constantly moving and reworking itself, growing bigger and bigger. So many pawns to track and take down and all Sherlock could do right now was think of—Well, perhaps not
“The truth is…” He grimaced, though whether that was from the subject matter or the large mouthful of pickle going down Greg’s throat, John wasn’t sure.
Martha nodded and motioned for him to come in from the hall. John did, only realizing as he went from the hard wood of the hallway to the stiff rug beyond Mrs. Hudson’s front door that in his haste, the only form of footwear he currently had on were socks. John instinctively dug his toes into the carpet and sighed loudly.
or not?” Sherlock’s previous annoyance had rebounded.
It’s a silly thing really, not exactly healthy. It was Stage 1 coating over the still rampant inferno that is Stage 2.
I remember him.” Snorted the second bloke as he took a gander at the screen too.
in his ear
Over a year apart and here he was, towed away in Sherlock’s eddy…
The question was clearly an unexpected one as Greg balked a bit, huffing. “We’re doing our weekly, remember?” He replied.
“You’re not hallucinating.” He refuted with a wry smoothness; seemingly reading John’s thought process from the range of expressions twisting over the man’s face. Bewilderment to confusion to realization, then shifting into something uninterpretable but raw that made the detective’s amusement falter. He averted his gaze to John’s constricted bicep, watching the minute flexing in the curve of muscle.
bloody love notes.” John groaned softly into his palm, running a chilled hand across his face. A small snicker came from the front seat and Sherlock shot a frosty glare through the rearview mirror as they slowed for a red light. Their driver’s face went politely flat, clearing his throat and hastily returning his eyes to the road. Sherlock then made it a point to slam the small window between the front and back seats closed as tersely as he could.
, John found himself suddenly rapt by the detective’s appearance. The graceful yet powerful contour of his shoulders, the eloquent expanse of his torso. Sherlock’s usually pale complexion seemed to glow now that he was fully bathed in the firelight, giving him an almost otherworldly air.
list. His eyes drifted slowly over each entry, over the numbers, over the locations, not exactly sure what he was hoping to see. Like something would magically appear to him now that hadn’t a few minutes ago.
the card now
of air. Squeezing his eyes shut, John shook his head. “I’m not—really—”
No amount of adjusting though prepared him for the bracing chill that swept over his body as he threw back the covers. John tended to generate a lot of heat in his sleep, much to the delight of many of his bed partners. His usual sleepwear of choice was a thin t-shirt and a pair of boxers. All well and good if the bed’s outside temperature matched its inside. Now it felt like every hair on John’s body was standing painfully on end.
Sobering but no less smug, the young man leaned forward towards him, his voice lower, breath sour from booze. “Guess that gravy train derailed eh?” He proceeded to make a squashing sound with his cheek.
He became sharply aware of the drama escalating in front of him. The woman now convinced she must have left her wallet in the car that dropped her off at the hotel.
In that moment John saw through his shimmering vision, the reverence of realization flash across Sherlock’s face. It was a look he’d previously enjoyed quite a bit. The detective’s brow unknitted, his lips parting—which usually preluded some dramatic revelation.
Sherlock unclenched his eyes to find a crown of askew blond hair mere centimeters away. Near enough to smell the faint scent of John’s shampoo and the heady saltiness of sleep. He could feel John gently quaking, but noted how motionless his back was, no rise or fall of—
Eventually John came to the first call back in October, and much to the doctor’s delight not only did the number belong to a business, but a business with a
“…knew you
.” John let out in a decompressing gush, willing his pulse to settle as he turned himself round. Not only had Sherlock prowled up behind him on his hands and knees, but he was once again wearing the stuffed antlers.
John sat up himself, rallying as his apathy transmuted into anger. “Because you daft arse, you’re better than
’. Astrological arrangements, royal hierarchies, social protocols. Yet Sherlock could recall what took place each time the heat went out at the flat like it had happened yesterday.
“Uh…late sixties, onset rheumatoid arthritis, flannel-shirt enthusiast, pipe smoker—”
Reckless yes, but suicidal? No. Sherlock might have repeatedly flung himself into harm's way but there was never a question of whether his aim was to survive or not.
It certainly achieved the surprise the doctor hoped for.
essentially on holiday with himself after all. Generally if he had been outside London, it was on a case. And even then certain individuals—whom John promised himself he wasn’t going to think about this weekend, but there he bloody goes again—tended to ignore his existence when they were particularly focused on the problem at hand.
Sherlock dropped his hand into the sheet between them. “Not easily.” He replied solemnly. “But if you’ll just let me explain—”
And there it was…pure, perfect. As priceless and beautiful as a hand-made instrument or a century old painting. That little bag wasn’t just a masterwork of chemical craftsmanship it was an entrance. A doorway to everything he buried years ago and spent every day afterwards denying. How stupid he’d been to think he could get this close and not
Sherlock fixated on the corner of the room directly in front of him. Mentally picking at the seam-lines where the once neutral paint was cracking around a stress fracture, branching its way out across each adjoining wall. He could almost feel the edges of paint slipping underneath his fingernails, a sharp stab into the soft meat beneath before the satisfying
Much like someone would ask to use the perfectly working mobile phone you have in your possession. The one you’ve conveniently forgotten about as to not incur a charge by ringing a landline.
Also, translations for bits of foreign language can be found if you hover over text!
“I just worry about you up here all on your own John. Working heat or not.”
Before John’s world came crashing down with him.
Well…this, certainly explained the delay for something that was essentially two men getting together to gossip. Sherlock felt a prickling warmth spread across his cheeks.
“Git.” John laughed breathily, his eyes drifting closed with a thrill of anticipation as those fingers slithered higher, over his ribs and onward towards his chest, his nipples starting to tighten—which was why John was wholly unprepared for the slick point of Sherlock’s tongue as it traced along one side of his navel.
Instead of fighting it like he so often did, John let it radiate until the feeling began to burn out and fade, leaving tiny embers nestled in the pit of his gut. He sucked a long breath through his nose and let it out just as slow. Bit of a method Ella had taught him: inhale for the count of four, exhale for the same count. Concentrate on the breath itself, the feeling of it stretching out your lungs, of your lungs pushing it back out. Repeat.
John’s heart rocketed into his throat as he heard a soft growl shortly after and the call quickly disconnected.
It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had vanished suddenly and without a smidgen of context. Remaining completely out of contact with anyone only to return days later (or the one time after a week and a half. John had threatened to move out for that) without so much as a sorry and generally with little to no explanation.
The pressure clamping around his flexing wrists tightens as he struggles anew, gaining use of his legs only momentarily and squirming for purchase before they’re too immobilized, locked between two thick solid masses.
Sighing, John checked to see if he was still connected, he was. “
“I’d be more than happy to.” Sherlock swept the hand warming the small of John’s back up along his spine to rest between his shoulder blades.
“Yes.” Mycroft replied, but raised a hand for him to wait. “But before you do…”
“You know…doing the whole stakeout thing was exciting for me yeah, but…really it meant we got to spend time with each other.”
Deduce how the doctor was from his voice perhaps.
He abruptly stood and headed for the bookshelf near the window, grimacing at the shear amount of texts Sherlock had amassed over his time there. Though there were a few of John’s in the mix, mostly medical journals the detective had squirreled away without asking the doctor if he could.
at the Tesco.” Sherlock announced shrewdly.
Suddenly it’s all too much.
And because, god help you, you love this brilliant, mucus-filled numpty to pieces, you’ll do just about anything to keep him from expiring in your sitting room despite his every effort to do just that.
John laughed as he jabbed his last bite of chicken, nabbing a few stray mushrooms along the way. His thoughts drifted back to June, to their reunion. Sherlock leaner but toned. The tanned skin and sun-kissed hair. It was a gamble to ask but John couldn’t help but want to know.
Sherlock looked leaner, but his frame seemed broader. Clear muscle definition in his arms where the fabric draped over bicep, shoulder, and forearm as he rested them on his knees. He was tanner then John had ever seen him—though on the fair side of honey—and even with the low light thrown from the lamp, Sherlock’s hair, longer than usual—nearly down to the lobes of his ears and tussled from their brawl appeared mildly sun-bleached.
He had texted back.
Another rented suit and a private car sent to a location the detective specified—a luxury apartment complex no one batted an eye to see him loitering outside of, found Sherlock at a posh restaurant in Beyoğlu.
The detective mentioned as much in his anonymous tip to the police. Though he highly doubted they would follow through with his observations.
…” Sherlock murmured, seeming to mull it over. Without further word he rose from his stool, flicking off the light of the microscope near its base. That was all the indication John needed to go fetch their coats in the hall where they were slung one atop the other on the banister leading up to his old bedroom. When he returned, Sherlock had already donned his suit jacket and was fastening the front button.
manager stuttering in his wake. The poor man quickly launching himself to subdue her as she popped off her shoe and attempted to hurl it at the detective’s back.
story in the end.
John placed a tentative hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, who refrained from meeting his gaze even though he leaned into the touch. He caressed upwards, pressing his palm to the side of Sherlock’s pale neck, his thumb resting on the sharp line of his jaw.
John looked over to her, furrowing his brow thoughtfully. “And your first stop was volunteering at a homeless shelter?”
“I don’t plan to.” Sherlock griped with no small hint of distaste. There came a creak and another grunt, then what sounded like something plush—a pillow as well perhaps, being roughed up.
He peered on hazily as Sherlock rose a little awkwardly on one elbow, stuffed antlers wobbling and cock pointed lewdly as he twisted to search for the lube. Discovering the bottle had rolled midway under John’s chair.
“My point is, you’re amongst colleagues. It’s a party, not an execution. We go in for a bit, have a drink or two, maybe a chat, wish them a happy Christmas, and then get the hell out of here and go home.”
A dull thud came from above, like something heavy enough to be heard through the ceiling was dropped, followed by the muffled sound of cheering and laughter.
(Alternatively two crushed cloves, see below)
She’d blubbered as he tried futilely to calm her while simultaneously ushering her back downstairs. If only the poor woman knew how right about that she actually was.
Then again any sensible person wouldn’t follow a whirlwind of a man who kept human parts in his fridge and solved crimes. Sometimes those two things actually pertained to one another.
Or the opposite, where a day would never end.
John’s brows bounced at the memory. “How could I forget?” It had been a decidedly simple case in the end, simple with Sherlock involved that was. Perhaps a five and a half at best.
John was still shivering as the hazed cleared, his breath catching at the almost sharp, oversensitive pleasure he felt as Sherlock chased his own end, the force of his hips growing more and more helpless. Although exhaustion was quickly beginning to take its toll, John used every last ounce of energy he had left to flex his insides, squeezing everything from his stomach to his glutes.
“Is it still?” Sherlock cut in mildly. “Your bed now I mean. Is it still too soft?”
. The signs are all there. Flushed skin, blown pupils, racing pulse, the give in your limbs, you’re practically radiating with it.” He spouted rapidly, pulling John from shamelessly gawking at his chest and the tight concave lines of Sherlock’s abdomen. The way they flexed minutely with certain words.
.” He accused. Not surprising, what was another tab on him to Mr. British Government?
“Yes.” The detective replied, rolling over onto his side with a pained grunt. Sherlock pulled the sheet off himself and tossed it haphazardly away from him. “But I wasn’t the only one.”
Something shrill and eager flared in John’s stomach as his thumb hovered over the bold blue text. He glanced up a moment from his phone, taking in his surroundings. Besides him, there was an elderly woman sitting by one of the large front windows, taking advantage of the late afternoon light as her bespectacled nose was buried in what looked like a romance novel. At least John assumed so based sheerly on the cover depicting a half-naked woman swooning over an equally half-naked man who appeared to be artfully lashed to the mast of a boat.
“Can I get you lads anything to drink? Beer, wine? If you want eggnog I’d get it soon; Anderson’s been mainlining it since he arrived.” Greg frowned wearily and John took a look over the man’s shoulder and across the room. He spied Philip standing not a foot away from a long folding table Lestrade had set up along one wall, a stout red plastic punch bowl along with several opened bottles of wine and various appetizers spread out over it.
- .... . / .... . .- .-. - /
in the hotel’s systems.
a strength born of sheer self-preservation overtakes him and he surges, collides with the other body weighing him down and thrusts them both up and backwards, driving them over the side of the bed.
Though he was undoubtedly relieved, Mycroft recognized the broader indications as he read the note again. The raggedness of Sherlock’s handwriting went beyond just the use of a disposable pen. Troubled as that made him, his little brother’s success was to be celebrated. Mycroft brought the tin to his nose once more, a smile spreading as he inhaled.
He felt those long fingers spread as Sherlock drew his head closer, the man’s tongue delving in deeper with a throaty hum. The sound went straight down John’s core, bursting in the pit of his stomach and trickling lower—
John made a fervent nod. As if the answer wasn’t obvious from the way he was unashamedly fucking himself on the man’s hand. Sherlock ceased his incessant stroking and John all but melted into the floor, boneless. Giving a weak grunt when Sherlock carefully withdrew his finger.
“Might need a stitch or two.” He said regretfully.
She gave him a wincing smile followed by the small gush of a forced laugh through her nostrils. Meanwhile the bloke glued to his phone’s screen snickered.
Right so…someone was traipsing around Europe and calling him.
They each went their separate ways shortly thereafter; John with a then critical need for some warmer clothing and Mrs. Hudson back to her flat, twittering elatedly about having plenty of time to bake some blueberry scones to bring with them to the Turner’s.
John frowned at his phone and began going through the links. He wasn’t able to read a lick of them of course save for a few recognizable words, but one did happen to have an image of this Hilscher chap being led by the elbows by
Sherlock appeared to heighten; clasping his hands behind his back and regarding her for a second more before his chest rose sharply.
that there must be a reasonable explanation hmm?”
“It’s quite alright.” Mycroft replied with ever the measured calm and said nothing more.
And yet…if Sherlock were to stand, to walk the short span between them and just…
.” Growled Sherlock.
, because he found John Watson in the act of preparing a complex dish utterly captivating.
Perhaps John’s favorite part however, was the red and white
As it turned out the website consisted entirely of a forum…and a dated looking one at that. Not that John considered himself an expert on current web design—his own blog was evidence enough.
“I noted the same phenomenon at uni parties.” John shrugged in amusement.
With great satisfaction, Sherlock harshly balled the jumper in his hands and pitched it passed John’s head.
John could feel warmth rising in his cheeks even as he remarked casually. “Gosh…” He sat back against the bench. “He sounds
It took him an appallingly long time to drum up with the most obvious of answers. Steam engine indeed. “Anderson! I remember we nearly got into an argument about Tom Bombadil being left out of the film once—Trust me, love. By the time I’m done explaining who and what that is you’ll of regretted ever asking me.” John was quick to append when he noticed the mildly nonplussed look Sherlock had about him.
“Wha’was that?” He was
As he set the edited video to render, Sherlock pulled up a blank email form and a text file on his desktop labeled ‘Guest list’. In it were the email addresses to the offices of the President of the French Republic and the Prime Minister, every single member of the Council of Ministers and every major news outlet in France.
could mean a host of different things. From a bout of boredom to Sherlock finding himself in a hostage situation—which in John’s experience astonishingly sometimes involved
“It?” He asked, mesmerized by Sherlock’s soft flush lips in such close proximity, the bottom one pursed slightly. John absently licked over his own as he watched them move, shaping over the single word Sherlock replied with:
He bleated weakly when he felt the damp, swollen glans nudge at his entrance. The loosened hole easily giving way, dilating, as it was pushed gently but incessantly against. John breathed slowly through the brief pressure that always preceded the blissful rush of sensation as Sherlock finally breached him.
exactly
.” The doctor gaped a little. “It can’t be.
“Been perusing the forum have you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then, being the good doctor he was, John helped him readjust his nose.
Like a magician pulling a rabbit from his hat, Sherlock reached into the deep confines of his coat and produced a long dark bottle of liquor and handed it off to John. Perplexed, the doctor turned the bottle around in his hand. His mouth fell open as the label came into view:
Was he? John looked himself over, the paper was still in his lap, though in his stirring had slipped between his thighs. His pencil meanwhile had completely vanished somewhere. He glanced up to the sitting room widows and balked at the shear amount of sunlight pouring in—far warmer than it had been.
As callused fingertips traversed their way upwards and over the sensitive breadth of his hips and belly, John’s muscles reflexively twitched. That apparently hadn’t gone unnoticed, as he saw the hint of a mischievous smile pass over Sherlock’s face.
He waited a moment, expecting the other line to hang up, to hear the
.--- ..- ... - / - . .-.. .-.. / -.-- --- ..- ..--..
Or sulking on the couch.
On the (
“What time s’it by you?” He asked with a grunt, plopping down in his chair while managing to stabilize his drink even in his
Sure he could be a right pain in the arse at times, especially when he got into one of his black moods. Nevertheless there were plenty of moments when the man was simply at ease. Peaceful.
“There’s a bit of an overflow between divisions. I’m up to my arse in petty crimes and public indecencies.” He groused.
It was then John made the mistake of looking at the man’s jumper.
The hearthrug was fire-warmed and soft against his back as John fell backward onto it, hands coming to rest above his head. He raised himself up so Sherlock could ruck his trousers and pants down as one, the semi-hard curve of John’s cock gently bobbing up as they were eased passed his hips.
“Yes…yes you did—” Sherlock pondered, his voice almost lost by a swishy noise overlaying it, like his face or some bit of clothing were rubbing against the receiver. There was an uncomfortable pause that set John’s jaw clenching before Sherlock came back, muttering casually. “
“For god sakes John!” Comes a shout, breathless but no less booming.
And despite his fervent cleansing, John was leery to follow through. He read the message again, several times, then over parts of it. The way the detective had written his name, the word
John promptly deleted it.
…” She tutted delicately in response and the doctor caught the hasty glance Martha stole over his shoulder towards the hallway passed the kitchen. When her gaze returned, it was with a sympathetic smile. One John wincingly returned before promptly shifting his attention down to the mug in his hand with a little hum.
apparently
. But to John’s astonishment, laughter burst forth around them. Collins himself gave a robust guffaw and slapped Greg on the back so hard it nearly sent the DI lurching forward.
The detective gave a half shrug, leaning his head back against the wall, his eyelids sagging. “I’ve had Mycroft sweep Baker Street for bugs while you were away, but I suspect someone’s using you to get to me.” Sherlock replied, sounding bluntly put out about it. “Predict my next move perhaps. Especially with what I've been—” He cut himself off, glancing down to where his hands dangled between his legs, his one thumb sweeping in an arc.
“You’re not
He fell for Sherlock’s primary tactic—apathy, and John had abandoned him.
Preferring to be alone. Keeping everyone close to him at arm’s length. Barely cognizant to the weight of his actions—no…no Sherlock was more aware than that. A man who could read someone’s life story from the scars on their hands to the perfume they wore knows how people think. How to make them react how he needed them to…
“Maybe not by name…including our host.” He mused shrewdly and managed to pull Sherlock’s attention from the stairs to regard him instead, looking completely unimpressed.
John opened his mouth. Then closed it. Then opened it again. He’d gone out for drinks before with some of the other staff members, nice enough folk. A good (sometimes
So it's been a while...which I very much apologize for. This chapter turned out to be a bit of a beast and evolved into a lot more then I initially intended it to. But I've worked it and reworked it and I have stop or otherwise this story will never finish haha. I still have to read it through myself in its entirety, so if you notice anything that's off, that's why. I just had to get this up.
The doctor groaned and burrowed himself deeper under the covers. His chilled face warming so quickly it was slightly painful.
that instead of outright ignoring him as usual; Sherlock would greet him with a nod or launch into something that was on the detective’s mind. Acting as if John hadn’t just stalked off angrily an hour or so beforehand.
Truth be told he hadn’t received a mysterious call since the last one in May. Not that that mattered either since John had run his investigation into the ground, coming up with no new leads or ideas.
“I never kept one.” Sherlock disclosed, sounding more at ease himself. “Not in the archetypal form anyway. More like, events recorded and stored in my mind. As I grew older I was able to keep the details crisper.”
“You’re looking well John.” Mycroft cooed.
Lestrade adjusted his collar, regarding him firmly. “Oh and…next time you’ve got the bright idea to start a brawl with some tosser, you bloody well better ring me for backup.”
, left behind in her haste to leave. Desperate to solidify her perceived innocence, Mrs. Andrew sped back to her home only to find her cherished husband still alive. Though barely. He was already in the late stages of cyanide poisoning as John mentioned. Which was about the time she decided to expedite the process by throttling him with a tea towel.
It hadn’t slipped John’s mind during the last two and a half months that eventually, he would have to actively uphold the ruse in some way, shape, or form. There was no other way around it if it was a means to keep Sherlock’s secret…something which John hadn’t been trusted to do in the bloody first place!
At first glance it appeared to be winter—rather than holiday—themed, the majority of the sweater red with white knitted patterns of reindeer and snowflakes. Yet upon a longer examination, the doctor noticed the reindeer weren’t just standing artfully posed but were in fact, buggering one another.
“May.” The detective replied flatly, inwardly savoring the startled little shift backwards she took when their eyes met. Any prior pleasantness he’d exhibited had dropped, replaced by a stony expression and a piercing gaze.
“Damn right I am.” John spat, though he regretted it a second later. Being defensive wasn’t going to help either of them. He recognized he no longer had the luxury (
Well what happened was she’s an insufferable wretch and I quit.” He continued in such a matter of fact tone his manager at first nodded then flinched at the comprehension of what he actually said.
“Hell…we could use a man like you in Petty. No telling how quickly we’d be turning them over.” Collins tipped his glass to Sherlock and then Lestrade, who looked more than proud himself.
“And some of my homeless network. That’s it.”
.” He replied after peeking at Sherlock’s name tag, stumbling a little over his pronunciation. The detective gave him a nod in return, watching as Roman gathered his things and headed towards the lifts, disappearing from view as the duel doors shut.
Greg glanced up from the telly, a look of pure guiltlessness on his mug.“So…dinner?” He sucked at his teeth, motioning with his bottle at the menus in John’s tight fingers.
By the time he'd worked in up to his second knuckle, coated with another liberal amount of lubricant, John was practically writhing. He’d dug his heels in against the hearthrug, looking for leverage to impale himself further onto Sherlock’s finger and at some point had wound a hand around his forearm, absently squeezing at it.
comment and tell her to
His eyes narrowed and without further wait, worked the string apart and ripped open the back seams, careful to keep the front of the wrapping intact. As the paper fell away, Mycroft was intrigued to find his sense of smell hadn’t fooled him and a tin of Turkish tea lay beneath.
) breath of mundane when the rest of his life revolved around the wonderful chaos that was, well, Sherlock Holmes.
story.” The DI cocked a disapproving brow, though there was a trace smile on his lips. “Since I’m supposed to be organizing a manhunt apparently.”
Mahir simply smiled and motioned for the check.
Sherlock pressed a tender kiss to his forehead, pulling John closer to him and John drifted off with a giddy smile on his face. He might have dreamt fleetingly of trees and underbrush dusted in recently fallen snow. Of a deep, rhythmic thud of hoof-falls nearby.
. He—” John caught himself, tamping down his indignation before he slipped up. After a shaky breath he squared his shoulders, speaking low and bitten. “If you seriously expect after the hell I went through to just
And without it, some days felt dried up, like the water permanently receded. While others felt like drowning.
Relinquishing his abused thumb with a snarl, he pulled the coat tighter around him and drove his hands under his arms. The movement sparked an absent sense of déjà vu…
Mycroft sighed through his nose, the agreeable charade melting into something that John was more acquainted with and at this point preferred. “I must insist.”
Sherlock had just closed 802’s door and flung the tag back onto the trolley when a maid came round the bend, blushing as he gave her a flirty “
John put his phone down, something heavy settled in his stomach and he didn’t feel like eating anymore. Not that he was ravenous to begin with. Takeout went into the fridge and John headed up to his room, deciding to try and get some rest. Maybe read for a little while before his body finally caved to fatigue.
“What I mean is...” John’s breath clouded as he made a hasty dig for his keys on the way to the front door, Sherlock following swiftly on his heels. “You could of left it all well enough alone. Left Philip alone. But you didn’t. You saw an opportunity to bring two people together—albeit in your usual, Machiavellian way.” John teased, the tips of his fingers beginning to tingle as he slid the correct key into the lock.
The stillness of the flat was suffocating.
they were hoping you might go and give a talk or two.”
In his room, John drew back his covers and set his alarm—an hour later than his usual time considering he had nothing to do tomorrow, or for the next three days for that matter. He switched on the radio built into the bedside clock, slowly tuning it until classical music poured out of the speakers. Adjusting the volume down, John switched off his light and climbed into bed.
The line remained quiet, but there was no doubt in John’s mind Sherlock was still there, waiting. Probably already predicting his bloody reaction before John even had it.
“…It’s merely a waste of your time and I’ve better use for your energies elsewhere. We’ve received intelligence of two major connections in Morocco and several more possibly in Libya that I’d like you to investigate. I can have you heading to the former within the next hour.”
.” He slurred, shaking his head sharply as if trying to throw himself awake. “Wh’are you—”
What had intrigued Sherlock the most was the fact that the thief ignored all money and jewelry left out and instead stole (alarmingly) expensive silk scarves and randomly selected cashmere socks. And sometimes not even the entire pair.
?” He’d asked impatiently, a strong inkling this conversation was nearing its end.
“I can
The landlady gasped, raising a hand to her gaping mouth and nearly dropping the bag. “John what happened?!” She exclaimed into her fingers, shuffling over to him, her free hand extending to towards his cheek. John gently shied away.
Mrs. Hudson stopped in daily as she usually did—bring up the post, a fresh pot of tea with biscuits, some tidbit of gossip that John was finding he was alarmingly abreast of now. Every so often they would have lunch or tea together. John didn’t have a repeat of that day however.
?” Sherlock glowered as if he’d deeply offended him and John in turn curbed a snort. Not looking for an actual answer, Sherlock continued with a dismissive twitch of his antlers. “Yes
"What do you say we crack open that pilfered brandy and order in some Thai?"
He could, he could still
be slipping into a cab and heading to Greg’s, John kept his response playful if not a little pleading. “Sherlock, the whole point of an ugly Christmas sweater party is to
John made his way over to the boxes, wavering on the edge of one of the particle boards and nearly dropping his torch into the insulation. Christ he was like a B horror film. Which he dearly loved to watch but, the characters in them were usually dangerously barmy. His location was rather perfect for it though: alone in a creepy dark loft, preoccupied with reminiscing.
There was soft
you.” Although there was a constant chill on his face, Sherlock could feel a sticky film of sweat forming on his forehead and an uncontainable shiver spike through him, lighting up along his spine like a current.
But maybe in roleplaying this scenario, it wasn’t just about John needing to get a biological leg over, to put it kindly. Maybe Sherlock desired, even if was at a subconscious level, to be accepted. That above
tell him about his little escapades and then had the gall to strop off when John wasn’t equally as enthused. Especially when he’d then inform the detective in as many colorful phrases as possible, that he can’t just run off like that without letting John at least know
“Go on.”
But to give in to nostalgia was to give in to distraction. And he couldn’t afford the luxury of being homesick.
. Secondly, I didn’t force you to watch anything.
Lestrade spotted John first as they entered, excusing himself from a conversation he was having to snake his way through the small crowd occupying his living room to come over to greet them. He received John with a handshake and a hearty slap on the arm then set his sights on Sherlock.
“Oh so sorry dear! I didn’t see you were sleeping.” Mrs. Hudson cringed at him as she nudged a tray farther onto the coffee table containing a cozied teapot and two cups and saucers—which accounted for the sound—and two wrapped items on plates.
) glared at him from within its (
They went briskly down the steps and onto the pavement, Greg pausing at a street vendor and ordering two large coffees. “How’s that even possible?” John asked as he caught up, digging through the rest of the bag and pocketing his wallet and keys, tossing the plastic away in a nearby bin. He checked the battery on his phone, glancing at the notification bar.
“So what’s for dinner?” Sherlock asked abruptly, giving John pause as he inserted his chip card into the reader. A small lump threatened to knot itself in his throat, the shade of a conversation long since passed. There and gone in the space of two swallows.
As John tapped the number and redialed it, he stood from his seat at the makeshift desk of a dining table, unable to stay idle. He paced between his chair and the kitchen doorway, half expecting for the call to ring indefinitely. Not that he was particularly sure of what he planned to say if someone did ans—
“Hoped? Why would you?” Sherlock taunted in return, denying even his fabrication of a brother any scrap of shame. “I’ve only been clean for
“Fine.”
Maybe this year John had finally taken up the invitation from his mother and her new boyfriend (
Pinpointing the racetrack Mahir Tiryaki preferred had been painless, there was only one located in Istanbul after all. And a quick internet search had produced dozens of photos of Mahir as well as most of the business and financial information for his company. Needless to say, it was doing well. Very well. Just last week Atlantis Pharmaceuticals had struck several distribution partnerships with some of the most prominent hospitals in the city.
John pushed himself away from the sink and quickly left the bathroom.
was more like a slab with a thin spongy mat on it. Which unless you were right pissed was not the most comfortable thing to sleep on.
“Well—” Clair began; fortunately for John completely unaware of the one-sided conversation she’d been apparently having with him for who knew how long. “I could try to fit Mr. Reese in sometime this week so you can discuss his test results…but the schedule’s pretty tight.” She sighed, reaching over and tapping a few keys on her computer to pull up the appointment log.
as the duvet puffed round him like a cloud. He closed his eyes, letting out a resoundingly pleased sigh.
’, five letters, now with an ‘A’ in it.
This makes about one and a half servings (or just one depending on the person who is supposedly “not hungry”). Obviously you can up your stock amount to make more and then increase your ingredients as needed for a bigger batch of soup.
Later, after their takeaway cartons sat nearly emptied, after the fire had been dimmed and only the soft glow of fairy lights served to illuminate, after Baker Street settled down for a long cold night, John settled himself down on the floor between Sherlock’s legs while he sat on the sofa, nude save for his dressing gown spread wide.
, working from it his identification and a standard airline indorsed credit card. One designed to earn you flight points with charges.
“No I understand. And I’d like to hear about it...sometime.” John trailed off awkwardly, faced with another subject he hadn’t inquired about as of yet. The
“Here. So you don’t get all
“I assume I don’t have a choice do I?” He asked, clearly knowing the answer already. After a near minute of no reply he expected to find Sherlock silent but pensively still regarding the wall. But when John looked over the detective’s head had drooped to one side, his eyes closed. His breathing shallow and even.
Although to John’s merit, if Sherlock consented to imbibe something that didn’t come in a ‘
“Eh I’ll live...” John shrugged, sliding his other hand up and under Sherlock’s arm. He pulled it closer to him in a makeshift hug before dropping a kiss on the smooth fabric of the detective’s shoulder. “There’ll be plenty of opportunities for us to make a few quid off Philip Anderson.”
There’d been a weighted pause and Sherlock could practically hear Mycroft glowering.
-growing party that held the same theory, but that this elite group consisted of a dozen Sherlock clones grown in some secret lab for years underneath London.
“Not good. Not that you’d know.” He sniped, momentarily pleased with himself. “Well without these little
“You called me.” He pointed out tersely.
Bélanger wailed with rage as Sherlock gave them a parting nod and headed for the stretch of glass doors, leaving her and his
“Herberge.” He replied then promptly mumbled a
acceptable.”
John listened, rapt, only asking a couple clarifying questions. Usually in the past when Sherlock recounted a case he hadn’t been present at, John would actively engage. He couldn’t help it really. There was something gratifying about trying to impress Sherlock by being on the same page. And while a good eight and a half times out of ten when Sherlock asked for his input or he’d hazard a guess as to what happened next, John would get it partial if not completely wrong.
, where the only words there.
“Currently…waiting on a mark to exit a building.” Sherlock replied, surprising John with his frankness.
I’d thought I’d share this with anyone interested. I can’t imagine there’d be many but I figured what the hell. If like me you one day find yourself with a stroppy, under-the-weather, individual curled up on your sofa who refuses to eat, this might be your best chance of getting some protein into the stubborn arse.
He motioned to the bartender that he wanted another drink then turned his eyes to the old boxy standard definition television bolted to the wall. Tried to focus on it and nothing else. The goal tonight was to wind down not up.
Stalling, the doctor looked down at his blunt fingers wrapped around the can. He could feel Greg watching him carefully and John hoped it appeared like he was mulling over this new piece of information. Which he was, in a way. Just not the way the Greg probably assumed.
It was mid-August, nearly a month since he’d received the damn thing from Mycroft and the phone hadn’t made a peep till now.
“On?”
“Although you look like you needed a bit of a kip.” She waved a mothering finger at him, making her way into the kitchen. “It was so quiet up here I had thought you’d gone out!”
“Christ, you’re almost as bad as him.” Lestrade’s smirk faltered and he looked away before continuing. “Listen mate, I mean it. If there’s something going on with you, talk to me. Talk to your therapist. Hell, just talk to
everyone.” John redacted, smiling a little despite himself. “And while that might be all well and good when it comes to solving cases, when it comes to people who—who care about you. Sherlock, you can’t leave them in the dark and expect them to be fine with it. It doesn’t work like that.
. Punctuating long quiet spells with conversations—sometimes quite heated ones—about the most random things apropos to nothing in particular. Zombie fungi, the absurdity of Bond villains, the ideal paring of a specific tea and biscuit, who could hold their breath the longest (Sherlock by a solid minute and a half), why on earth John found black coffee so appealing and why Sherlock wouldn’t touch his unless it was cut with a pound of sugar.
“H—how—how
“Do you want to call him?”
Digging for another pistachio from the mixed bowl, John cracked the shell to free the little salty green gem inside. He’d just popped it into his mouth and turned his eyes back to the television when a voice to his left sliced through the ongoing murmur around him like an arrow.
John was miles away from him.
“Sod it.” Lestrade sat up abruptly, making his chair
Sadly it left him open as BLMA crumbled to the ground with a wheeze for LMA to regain himself, springing sloppily from the ground and bulrushing John backwards into the bar. As they both reeled from the impact, LMA used the advantage to pull back and deck him in the face twice before John could react.
than fitting.” His hands shifted farther up and John’s soft laughter caught in his throat as Sherlock began to thumb teasingly over his nipples through his vest. The extra bit of friction from the worn cotton sent shivers up John’s spine and a bolt of arousal into his lowers, making the already burgeoning pressure fuller.
~<>*<><>*<>~
John settled between the two pillows with a sigh, arms at his sides once more and his fingers slightly spread, absently massaging the short worn fibers of the carpet. The area directly around the hearth felt like its own contained environment. Quiet save for the crackle of the fire in the grate, the occasional hiss of a car passing outside on the wet street, dampened by the curtains.
.-- .- - -.-. .... .. -. --.
…” John whispered brokenly, then a little louder. “Oh god—
“Dr. Watson?” Came a soft inquiry from his left. John glanced over, admittedly shocked to see none other than Mary Morstan standing halfway between him and the counter, her tentative smile widening as their eyes met and she apparently confirmed her suspicion.
The last time he talked with Sherlock was a little over two months ago, back in early September. While John reasoned there were zero warranties the detective would contact him with any sort of regularity, he’d begun to think he’d driven Sherlock off with his demand for more candidness between them.
Never in all his time knowing him, had John ever heard Mycroft Holmes utter the word please before. To
John beamed, picturing Sherlock wandering the flat from room to room envisioning sex acts between them and secreting away lube.
John let out a sob of a laugh before curbing it.
chipper today.” Her eyes narrowed in playful suspicion.
John collapsed onto the couch, shoes off and feet propped up on the coffee table, contemplating if he should start off with one finger of scotch or two.
The wheels sort of came off from there…
, late twenties, worked construction by the cement splatter on his jeans and boots and the build of his upper body, the bridge of his nose between those hazy eyes was misshapen and leaning mildly to the left—liked to spout off quite a bit apparently. John was sure a certain someone could have read droves more on this model citizen, but he’d gotten enough to know this wasn’t going to be an easy match.
and tell me to change my bet with Charlie. Then you bloody disappear for twenty minutes and suddenly those two end up snogging?”
Palming the cap off, John deliberated taking his first dose tonight, moving the bottle around and shifting the pills. On the plus side he hadn’t drank wine with his dinner, weary of any semblance of a hangover tomorrow. On the downside it probably wasn’t the brightest idea to test a new drug while: A.) Being away from home and B.) Having obligations the next day.
The doctor placed his hands on his hips, jutting his chest out a little in all its garish glory.
It seemed Anderson too had up and vanished by the time John had worked his way over to the drinks and appetizers. He did spot Claudia however, conversing with two coworkers near Lestrade’s thrumming stereo system and looking far more cheerful for it.
There, beneath the mistletoe, Philip Anderson was kissing Lucy.
It did fit…he added it.
Which is kinda funny in context to Sherlock's questioning on who the hell that is (despite him just not knowing names), because technically...that name doesn't exist.
“Well I did have work, but seeing as I’m now…” John pushed back his sleeve, taking in the time as his eyebrows rose sharply. “
John shoved his hands into his pockets, pursing his lips.
But on the rare occasions the doctor’s contributions
respected his. So, while he dutifully eliminated what turned out to be a major arms dealer in Casablanca, Sherlock used his downtime to virtually snoop around Turkey.
Taking another nip of eggnog, John began recounting about Mr. Henry Andrew, age sixty-two, found strangled in his kitchen with obvious signs of a brake in though nothing was stolen. Mrs. Patricia Andrew, Henry’s wife, age fifty-four claimed she was having coffee in a local shop when the break in occurred. A rather open and shut case of a burglary gone wrong.
John commended, subtly raising his cup in a silent toast. Lestrade had evidently added just the right amount of schnapps to be dangerous, the eggnog cool and creamy with only the after taste of warm peppermint when he took a sip, then another.
What little social interactions John engaged in had deteriorated. He told Mrs. Hudson he was too busy and Greg he was too tired. And he was…he was exhausted. But not enough to sleep a full night. He had nightmares more often these past weeks, his brain vying with the media to remind him of how horrible last June was and how horrible this one would be too.
He was pliant when John corralled him back the step or two to the wall behind them, one hand sinking into the cozy pocket between the Sherlock’s neck and his scarf, the other John wrapped around his waist. Sherlock met him half way, tipping his head downwards while John pushed up a little on his toes. Mouths coming together unhurriedly but profoundly.
He found the same tidal effect to his life when he moved into 221B, affected by the orbit of Sherlock Holmes.
There were a handful things in this world that John Watson did not piss about with, and one of them was a quality brandy. Full stop.
“I’m not in the mood.” Greg warned, giving the camera one last dirty look before he continued his journey to his car. It was parked some ways down; far enough he could just make out the silver hood gleaming under a streetlamp.
“What you said, by the fire I—me too.  All of it.”
An inhale wavered through his nose and John looked away hastily, lifting his glass to his lips with tense fingers, his exhale amplified in the tumbler.
Some niggling Anderson-esc thought cropped up. Shrill and infuriating and
Reevaluating his approach it seemed, Sherlock turned his attention to where John’s hand was lightly resting on his right pectoral. He reached up and enclosed it, messily slotting the last few of their fingers together.
Sherlock scoffed; strongly enough that John felt it tickle over his hair, which was probably sticking up in all sorts of absurd directions. Not that he really cared; he was after all lying naked and plastered fairly viscously to Sherlock. Still simmering off a post-coital high, his belly full of Thai and brandy. In other words, absolutely perfect.
“You always had a soft spot for the bizarre ones…” John had mused, slicing up the creminis as evenly as possible while he was hunched to one side, keeping the phone squashed against his shoulder. It would have been far easier to just put the call on speaker phone, but doing so seemed too risky with Mrs. H only a floor away.
“Oh I like it fine enough. What I don’t care for is the sheer amount of
number, a front desk or a customer service phone. Unless it was an emergency, he imagined personal use of that line wasn’t allowed. Which narrowed down the potential individuals quite a bit.
He gathered the files and notes in the neatest stack he could and put some actual effort into trying to find the leak in the roof, pursuing a shadowy
Hudders dumps into hers.” Sherlock replied, pouting in displeasure and John couldn’t rightly argue with that. He also noted the detective’s concentration was about as absorbed on the area around the drinks table as poor Lucy’s was.
John smiled to himself again, feeling an amusing nostalgia as he dropped another nutshell on the stack he was building besides his glass. Seven so far without tipping. His current record was eleven.
(Optional but highly recommended.)
“You’re concerned,” Sherlock whispered. His breath a warm gust over the corner of John’s jaw and down his neck. “Don’t be. While you can’t fight nature, you don’t have to face it alone.”
Sherlock tutted and if John wasn’t mistaken, there was a faint shuffling as if the he had lain down. “I don’t know how you managed sleeping in barracks for all those years.
Well, something resembling an apology.
“Where’s your jumper?” He asked, knowing the observable answer was
“What?” She blinked, the mimicry faltering even as her eyes were bright with unshed tears.
With a defeated sigh, John plopped back down and rubbed a hand over his face, his stubble grating against his palm.
“Is that
unreasonable that he’d been reminded of John.
…” Sherlock reached forward to the hand holding up John’s beer, pushing the snug cuff of his wretched jumper back with a grimace to reveal his watch. “Fifty minutes or so.”
“John…now, you’ll remember better than I would.” Lestrade started as the doctor walked up. “The Andrews case last year, the one with the poisoned soap.”
“It’s okay.” John said after a minute. “And you have nothing to apologize for mate. Honestly.” He assured him, regarding Lestrade for a tic before returning his gaze to his hand. The aluminum popped softly underneath his fingertips as John squeezed it a little. He ran his tongue across his lips.
They watched most of the match while they ate, both remembering that one had to actually
“I please ask that you refrain from apologizing John.” Sherlock continued, somehow sensing what the doctor meant to do as he opened his mouth. “You did nothing wrong, and you didn’t make me do anything I couldn’t have easily refused. That—point, in my life is well and truly behind me. Where I’d very much prefer keep it. And as I said before I had an enjoyable time tonight. More so afterwards if that wasn’t obvious.” He finished with a suggestive purr in his tone.
Tonguing the area with a hiss, the doctor pushed at his teeth for looseness, but everything felt safely stuck in there to John’s relief. He didn’t fancy needing to make a dental appointment.
The other two occupants were a pair of Uni students going by the massive textbooks cracked open between them and their lively debate on what sounded like economics.
Mycroft had paused with a chunk of egg pierced on his fork, frowning deeply at whatever was written on the documents when he heard the soft click of heels approaching. Mycroft pulled his attention away from the dossier as Anthea entered, curious to see the small package she held in her hand.
.” Sherlock interrupted determinedly, catching him for the second time off guard. “Over-theatrical at times, definitely, but never rubbish.”
Twisting round, John went for his watch where it was laid out beside him on the sofa’s armrest. He narrowed his eyes at the numbers, seeing it had been thirty-three minutes since he took his pill. Just a little while longer with any luck.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “So what does one say when the only word made for such sentiments is…well, useless?”
Your handy dandy
Christmas crawled in on its belly and John tried to pay it no mind. He just wasn’t in the mood to feel festive. Frankly he just wasn’t in the mood to feel. But the atmosphere around the doctor brightened anyway, people were as expected cheery as the weather grew as expected bitter. Mrs. Hudson bubbled and John accepted her fussing with great restraint.
Welcome fellow believers! #Sherlocklives
Trading his robe for jeans and a thick jumper, John came back downstairs, topping off his coffee on his way back to the bedroom. He pulled the duvet from the bed along with the slate-grey sheet underneath, slinging both over the footboard.
name I think.” He said after a small pause, swirling the eggnog around before downing the rest of it in one gulp. He handed the empty glass back to John who took it with sigh.
groceries for the better part of our living together.”
empty for a Monday night. There was a man with a cart far down at the opposite end, picking through a pile of roman lettuce, his young son sitting in the front fold-out seat, brightly babbling as he pointed at random things around him. A few feet away to his left, an employee was restocking bundles of asparagus from a cardboard box. Her attention deeply focused on making sure they lay nicely in their bin.
Though Sherlock didn’t smile outwardly—still traumatized from the abuse to his cheeks, he
Not that he apparently needed to be so well-rounded; The HR manager barely glanced over his immaculate CV—references curtsey of Mycroft—before running Sherlock through a gauntlet of absurd interview questions neither of them honestly cared about the answers to.
“Hello?” John spoke again.
“Ah ha!” He barked victoriously, spotting the edges of the map peeking out between a copy of Homer’s The Odyssey and Hardy’s The Return of the Native. He carefully unfolded the large map and glanced around the room for some surface big enough and clear enough to lay it flat.
impressive.”
John licked his lips and kept his focus on the set. Coincidence. Just a coincidence. He hadn’t even heard the comment before it to spark the statement. It could have been anything about anyone. There was no need for alarm.
In light of recent—discoveries, John’s opinion of the detective sergeant had improved to something a touch less detestable then what it used to be. There was still the matter of Sally diving at the chance to throw Sherlock under the bus with the tailored evidence Moriarty provided—which as far as John knew was
. John wasn’t here.
John caught his gaze.
“Red.” John replied with a firm determination. As about as firm as one could be about sodding string. “As thick as you have.”
“If you mean Googling a phone number, then yeah.” John smirked, taking another nip of his ice water, gasping a little as the chill of it washed down his throat.
Realizing he was gawking, John cleared his throat and promptly shifted his attention to Lestrade. Philip meanwhile dropped his owlish gaze to where the floor met the desk, looking for all the world like he wanted to crawl underneath it. He wasn’t alone in the sentiment; John had the distinct urge to do an about-face himself and leave.
The niggling thought was promptly flung to the wayside as large warm hands began caressing up and down his thighs, making the soft blond hairs beneath stand up and John’s skin alight with goosebumps. John eased his legs farther apart, spreading them wantonly for Sherlock to sidle in as near as possible, perched on his heels.
John nodded; a little too familiar with the concept then he would like to admit.
It was strange but, John had become so accustomed to them projecting from the man’s hair all evening that Sherlock looked a bit off now.
That was a bit of a deeply ingrained habit from his childhood. Harry, being the generous soul she tended to be, used to hoard every viable bookmark in the house. So, John improvised by nicking a few inches of what his mum called ‘waste yarn’ from her knitting basket to mark his place. These days he mostly used newspaper twine, but since dismantling his evidence wall, John had a lot of thread lying about.
Left on the armrest of his seat, his phone—set on silent, began to buzz rhythmically.
she. The detective gave little in way of a reaction, completely fixated on the doors. His excitement was short-lived however when all that exited was the on-duty manager, offering Sherlock a nod and a weedy smile as the man made his rounds, heading towards the coat check room.
…so was it the part where you showed off how brilliant you are to a captive audience…” John hummed sleepily into the skin below his mouth before pressing a long uneven kiss into it. “Or was it the part where you humiliated some poor woman for leering at my bum.” His lips spread into a barely contained grin.
. From Claudia. Asking to meet her in the bedroom within ten minutes.”
He woke sometime in the morning as the sun streaked through the grated bars of his cell’s only window.
“Am I?” Came a deep, mildly unsure response from the other end, making John grin a little.  As what was becoming typical with these calls, Sherlock’s surroundings were stone silent. “What time is it there?”
“We tried couples counseling.” Greg remarked casually, sounding like he was discussing anything else but the slow deterioration of his marriage. “But at that point we were just going through the motions, you know?”
to go down two blocks.”
, what we’re doing right now. Listen, I’m not saying what you and I discussed equated to anything
He’d been staring at—or more like staring through—a calendar on the wall near the reception desk. Something about July’s image: a shot taken from the edge of some beach of smooth creamy sand, large cresting waves and the tiny specks of surfers riding them filled the horizon line. The depicted sky just beginning the transition from late afternoon to dusk as one lone surfer in the foreground walked towards the sea, board tucked under his arm and skin tanned where it peaked out of his wetsuit from countless hours out on the water. Maybe it was the man’s tall sinewy figure, maybe it was the damp but subtle wave to his sun-bleached hair…it had reminded him so much of—
“That better not of gone into the fire,” John warned half-heartedly, still twittering with laughter. His hair was in shambles, sticking up in several directions with static as he craned his neck awkwardly to look behind him.
and you can’t get to see his clubhouse.” The detective’s face lit up.
a Netflix account to use it. Fancy that. John did have a robust movie selection via DVDs but there was something comfortably non-specific about just taking in the game. No explosions or drama, the only tension was from the teams vying for points.
“A terrible man who just gave you very good brandy!” The detective’s voice drifted downward, the echo of his footfalls growing softer with distance and the smile in John’s eyes spread to his lips.
.” Sherlock went on without skipping a beat. “Her plan was to spend a few hours in her local coffee shop and pay with a chip card. Not only would the staff act as witnesses to her being there at the time the poisoning occurred, but her purchase would be timestamped. Giving her a solid alibi.
As John listened, he had his own moment of recognition. When he’d spotted Lucy eagerly talking to some unseen person in the kitchen later that evening, it must have been Sherlock. Especially with the way she kept motioning to her chest while she spoke.
“Yeah, found it right next to yours.” He smirked at the cardigan Greg sported.
“And miss the best part?” Sherlock replied around his mouthful. He’d reclaimed his spot on the loveseat’s arm next to John, bracing one elbow on the backrest so he could recline his lengthy upper body. Leaving one hand free to snipe another quiche, which John was starting to suspect he gathered just for himself.
John averted his gaze to the rolled up linen compress, long gone cold on his empty plate and swallowed thickly, breathing shallower to remain smooth.
Martha gave his fist another tight squash. “He was a different man before he met you John. Well, you remember…” She chortled, snuffling noisily then scolding herself. “
“I just—really enjoyed it is all. Talking with you...I mean.”
“Why thank you.” John laughed softly, more than a little touched; though he did decide to let that ‘
Maintaining the details didn’t matter really, he shouldn’t have been staying here for this long anyway. Too…detrimental.
Caffe Tandoori was genuinely pleased to hear from him nonetheless, offering their sincerest condolences which John curtly thanked them for as he stood huddled in the kitchen out of earshot, stretching the tightness in his chest with a deep breath. He managed to keep a level voice as he placed their order.
Turning it this way and that, Mycroft ran a thumb over the tight knot of twine then brought the package under his nose for a quick sniff or two.
“Say no more.” John conceded gently and came inside; taking up one of the two chairs situated in front of the desk and placing the bag he was holding in the other. He busied himself while Lestrade went about clearing more space by unfurling the rolled edge of the bag.
from the center of the room. Guests began flicking at drinking glasses and tapping at their bottles, directing their applause to one corner of the living room.
As the car pulled up to the kerb in front of 221B, John righted himself, grunting as he rolled his shoulder blades to feel the bones of his spine shift and pop. “You know that was really wonderful, what you did tonight.”
“Oh! Before I forget.” He fished his wallet out, plucking several notes from it and passing them to John across the desk.
.” John urged.
as Sherlock must have let his head drop heavily upon it with a huff of annoyance.
Q: True or False, Ida Greenbury from Friday night Bridge
But John had heard it.
While his mind crafted a rather robust fire, nearly every aspect perfect from the snap of the wood to the scent of it charring, the flames themselves gave off little of the heat they would have realistically. That much was plain from the chill seeping into the tips of his ears and the blub of his nose. Sherlock scrunched his nostrils impulsively, feeling the delayed ache from nerves beginning to numb and burrowed his face further down into his high collar.
