Castiel watches the reunion silently.  It reminds him too much of his own brothers and how good it had been to see them after every separation no matter how short.  A lump forms in his throat and Castiel clears it loudly.
Castiel glances over his shoulder to smile at Dean, knowing the human understands how he feels even without their link. His smile fades when he sees Dean shift uncomfortably in his chair and wince.  The vampire wipes his hand on a rag and clears his tools before removing the fender work mat and closing the hood.  Dean groans.
[Am I?]
The vampire smiles.  "I told you -- creature comforts.  Now ... follow me."
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Fuck, but you are going to make me wish I died forever the first time, aren’t you?  Those are for formal functions, but if you’d bothered to
, Castiel.  Ask Jessica -- things are a little different than they used to be," Mike explains.  He sits down in a chair across from Dean and gestures for everyone to follow suit.
“Smart boy, as I said. Well?”
”Dean.”
think it's a good idea for a vampire to be in such an enclosed space with 200 humans?"
"Let him go."
"Something like that," Castiel exhales softly.  "Mary, you
something you can’t have that, can you?”
Blink.
One hand on Dean's chest keeps the Feeder at bay.  "Answer me, Dean.  I won't ask again."
Castiel lets his forehead rest against the steering wheel.  It had still been dark when the rain stopped and Castiel made his decision.  Dean had been dead to the world, starfished across the bed on his stomach.  As if it had only been moments ago and not three years, Castiel sees the broad, warm expanse of skin so invitingly close.  Temptation had nearly caught him as his fingers twitched with the desire to slide along Dean's spine, to trace the gentle dip and swell to a delectable backside hidden by a gray sheet.
“I fear … I fear I must away and soon, brother. Dire things … oh the stroke of hell is upon me!” Castiel exclaims, his face falling into his hands.
The sound is uneven as Sam moves with Dean’s struggles but gradually it becomes steadier as his brother stops fighting. Nurses bustle around him and then a firm hand lands on his shoulder. Dr. Barnes nods at him.
“Your beloved ‘master’ has no idea where you are, boy,” the voice says. “Part of Brady’s spell work was to sever your so-called bond.”
"Yeah, might wanna think about trimming those, dude."  Another low chuckle rumbles from behind him.
Dean falls quiet but his mental irritation tells Castiel he’s not falling into earlier patterns of guilt. He relaxes – pissed off human he can deal with far easier than the emotional rollercoaster of earlier.  Carter makes a notation on the chart.  “You can bring him back to me for a follow-up in a week if you follow the usual treatment.”
.  Dean’s fingers fly over the name and Castiel finds himself almost giddy watching.  Signing and speaking at the same time, Castiel replies.
Dean’s face lights up with a wide grin. Castiel is grateful his heart doesn’t beat any longer because he’s quite sure it would have stopped anyway in that moment.  The boyish good-looks brighten and years seem to melt away from Dean’s frame.  His eyes sparkle as he warms to the topic.
“Cassy!”
Dean rolled his eyes even as the vampire rolled
Dean’s mouth is open to snap back but then he feels Castiel’s fingertips pressing ever so slightly into his side.  Dean swallows his anger and watches the vampire go down the steps with his hands in full view.
“Love?  Your Master knows nothing of
even the table scraps Castiel offers are like a feast.
Dean pushes himself the rest of the day. It’s been three months and he still cannot stop thinking about the blue-eyed man he loved for a single night. One date and Dean knows he fell in love with the skip-tracer – or bounty-hunter, rather. Dean winces and nearly screws up his weld. It hurts to know Castiel is one of the millions of humans who despise metas and want them tagged and tracked like animals. He hopes his sudden departure was enough to lead the trail away from Sammy. Dean researches the news at a small internet café he found. No mention of a meta being discovered near Sioux Falls makes the papers so he believes Sammy is safe. Dean knows that’s all that matters. He can be alone for the rest of his life as long as his little brother is ok. He misses the link between himself and Sam. It’s so lonely in his own head sometimes he wants to cry. On those nights, Dean finds a movie theatre or a club and sits in the back, unnoticed. He lets the minds around him drift in and out of his brain in a steady chatter. He thinks tonight will be one of those nights.
The voice presses close to Castiel’s ear.
Castiel smiles. “You have always been as much my protector as my tormentor.”  His face falls and tears spring up.  “But I fear – I fear all is ruined now.  I am betrayed.”
Balthazar comes back to himself lying on the ground looking into the worried faces of Sam, Bobby and Castiel. He feels something warm dribbling down the side of his face and knows immediately that his nose is bleeding. It doesn’t matter. The worst has already happened and Dean is in terrible danger. He looks over at Castiel and forms the words carefully so that Castiel can lip-read and the others can hear them.
Mike snorts while Harvey rolls his eyes.  "Oh, I think Harvey paid his dues with me ... but that's a story for another time."  He stands and rubs his hands together.  "Now then ... everyone out but Dean.  We need to have a quick chat."
Castiel doesn’t reply, he just waits. Dean sighs and lifts his arm, wrist turned upward.  Castiel laughs inwardly and leans down to bite into Dean’s arm.  The skin parts easily and without undue discomfort on Dean’s part which makes Castiel happy.  He’s been drinking from Dean steadily since the ER visit and the human’s body is adjusting accordingly.  The vampire notes that Dean’s flavor is beginning to mellow – it still reminds Castiel of a malt lager but with a light citrus note.  Castiel only takes a small sip before laving his tongue over the wound, urging it to bleed a bit more freely.  Dean moves unexpectedly and Castiel looks up as he pulls another swig of the warm blood into his mouth.
“Me? Why?”
Dean frets.
“It has always given rise to talk when perhaps I tarried overlong,” Castiel says softly.
Castiel tenses.  The fact that Mike appears less strict than the previous Council does not put him at ease with regard to punishment.  He hated Council meetings because one wrong move could earn you trouble enough to last even a vampire's life.  Dean is only a Feeder.  Mike could end him with a flick of his hand.  Harvey sips his scotch and shares a look with Mike.  When he looks back at Dean, his eyes have taken on their Dark aspect.  Dean cocks an eyebrow but doesn't look away.  Harvey's eyes return to human and he smiles into his glass.
... Cassy, you need to see this!"
Dean's hands are clamped over his ears now even though he knows that won't stop the barrage of condemnation.  "I'm sorry sorry sorry!  Sorry!  I didn't mean it ... I didn't mean it!  I didn't mean to do bad, Daddy!  I'll be good, I'll be good, don't leave me, Daddy ... please don't leave me ... please come back ... please come back, Daddy!  I'll be good ... I'll be good ... I'll be good ... I'll be good ..."
my Master and I’ll be damned if
"Relax, brother.  I told you you'd have a home when you got out and this is it.  Stay or go, your choice but you'll always have a room if you need it."
"More than you know, brother."
Castiel’s eyes narrow. He’s well-acquainted with his Sire’s lust and never-ending obsession but something else lurks behind Jake’s words. A pain he is recently all too familiar with. “You love him.”
"No, enough, Ben.  You have a soulmate and you two deserve a life together without a loser ex-con moping around in your guest room.  I just need to save up a little and we'll go from there."
"Drive safe, Sam ... I don't need both my boys in the hospital."
Castiel sees a moment where Dean tries to parse
They laugh sadly before Mary turns to Castiel.  "I know my mate -- John isn't going to take this well.  So we won't tell him.  When Dean is stronger, you two can decide what you're going to do."
“Sam!”
Sam frowns. “That's a little harsh.”
Dean groans weakly when a now-familiar shadow ripples across his brain.  His body is dry and the orgasm makes his dick ache like hell but pain quickly became entwined with pleasure not long after Castiel slid into him in the tub.  He's so full and a short, wavering gasp escapes when Castiel's cock
A hand, callused from a lifetime of handling weapons, fighting and God knows what else, shakes in front of Dean’s face. Tremors dance along the fingers and hazel-green eyes peer between the digits to plead silently for mercy from the vampire.  Dean’s thoughts are jumbled and confusing to Castiel.  It’s almost as if the human is mentally regressing in age.
That doesn’t exactly fit in with the entire ‘low profile’ we like to keep.  They’d be a liability.  If they do get turned, they usually don’t last past their first year – the Council destroys them before they reveal too much.”
Lost in his musings, Sam doesn’t immediately notice the uptick of the heart rate monitor. It’s been a constant sound, weak but steady since Dean came out of surgery.  Sam’s fingers twine around Dean’s good hand.
us and gives us our abilities.  The vampires who've wanted to destroy humanity are short-sighted.  Destroy humans and all vampires are doomed to die a lingering death."
the most persistent pair in a few years,” he muses. “As annoying as hunters are, you do break up the monotony of immortality.”
“My beautiful boy … my sweet, sweet Dean.  So good for me … so fierce … it’s all right.  I’m safe. He cannot harm me, remember? Shh … come back now … that’s it … come back …” Castiel’s thumb gently strokes Dean’s jawline as he speaks.  After a moment, Dean blinks and his eyes are normal again. A confused divot creases his forehead.
"You're more family than you want to admit, aren't you?  Or did I completely imagine that my grandson has your eyes and that wonderful shock of hair?"
,” Dean says through tightly clenched teeth.
“She yours?”
Dean forgets his unease at the encounter momentarily when he sees the plane's interior.  It's like the living room straight out of an upper-class home.  Leather couches, an enormous television, a coffee table -- everything is high end and no doubt very expensive.  Dean whistles.
Castiel's eyes widen.  "I would
Dean walks down the sidewalk looking down at his phone. He never asks for phone numbers – usually people just give them to him. Castiel is different and Dean wonders why – it's not often he's attracted to a guy. Certainly not
“That
Dean arrives at Castiel's a little early. He rings the doorbell. There are several indicators throughout the house to notify Castiel – flashing lamps, computer screen pop-ups, even a warning box on his tv – Dean was impressed to learn how far technology has come.
“You’re a fucking
Only the slightest relaxing of Castiel’s shoulders betrays his relief that Dean is well. He smooths down his Feeder’s hair in a gentle pat.
Benny walks off laughing. Dean sits down with a roll of his eyes. [He's a flirt but a good guy all the same.]
“I claimed you as my Feeder. You have to be witnessed and registered.  Formal bullshit that I really don’t have time for, but here we are,” Castiel gripes.  He spears Dean with a look.  “And before you get any ideas, let me assure you that if the Council doesn’t accept you, you won’t get to go back to your life before me.  You’ll be killed.  If they do accept you and you do anything to jeopardize the vampire society?  You’ll be killed.  I’m not joking even a little, Dean.  Your attitude can get both of us killed, so I’d rethink it.”
“I remember him mentioning a date,” Sam replies flatly.
It's then that Sam realizes he can hear a soft wailing in the background.  His heart cracks.
Castiel Novak sits down at a booth in the small diner.  He orders a hamburger and fries with a large milkshake – his usual.  The waitress, Beth, smiles and takes his order before leaving.  She doesn’t have to strain to understand him any longer because she’s used to his voice by now.  Castiel has no idea what it actually sounds like -- he was born deaf.  But from what his brothers tell him, it’s deep and rough.  Some people have no trouble hearing his words, others never get the hang of listening.  His job as a skip tracer, fortunately, can be done online and so his verbal interactions with people are minimal.  Castiel likes to eat lunch in the diner and he goes for walks sometimes in the evenings.  He feels lonely sometimes, but he manages.  He’d rather not be the center of attention anyway.
“What did you --”
Dean’s hand is midway to his mouth to finish off the last bit of water when he’s pulled off the bed and pinned to the floor with Castiel latched onto his neck. He pushes weakly at the vampire but blood loss robs him of even the ability to do that after a moment.  Dean’s arms flop uselessly to the side as Castiel leans back.  He smiles down at the human who’s now even paler than before.  He runs fingertips down the long line of Dean’s torso and then along the waistband of his briefs.
"Castiel ... let your Feeder go."
“I can
"Could fit three people in there, Cas."
"Did Benny, like, replace you with a pod person?" Dean asks Balthazar as he sits on the guest room bed.
"You, uh, could have just let me ... "
Gabriel gives Castiel a sad look but then he claps him on the shoulder. “Fool he, then.  We will deny and –“
Balthazar Novak is the absolute last person Dean would have imagined as Benny's soulmate.  He's British, for one thing; his accent is crisp and precise where Benny's is soft and blended.  He also talks.  A lot.  Benny tends to keep his statements short and sweet but Balthazar can go on and on about nearly anything.  And while Benny gives the benefit of the doubt to anyone and everyone, Balthazar has a biting comment about most people and he isn't shy to offer his opinion on any topic.
The dishes begin sliding out of the cabinets and going over to Dean, who places them on the table.  The flatware does the same.  It’s just as fast to do it the normal way, but not half as much fun.  Sam looks in the fridge for a Coke while the glasses make faint clinking sounds floating across the kitchen.
“You guys wanna share with the class?”
Dean gets up and manages to limp to the stairs but he feels lightheaded and shaky by the time he gets there. He manages to make it up two steps before he has to stop and breathe.  His ribs are pulsing in agony and his leg is a steady thump of pain.  Dean debates going out to the garage to see if Castiel will relent and feed so he can function again.
“No! No!
Mary purses her lips.  "No fraternizing with the help?"
Men, women … they always migrate to him. But no one ever seems to stay … until you.”
of Dean’s new? – pair of dark gray cargo pants.  The wider legs go easily over the cast and after finding out that Dean’s extremely ticklish on his feet, they’re
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “Not a minute ago you were assuring me you were fine with parading your naked self around me –“
Parking quickly, Dean jumps out of his car and jogs across the street. Castiel sees movement out of the corner of his eye and turns in surprise.
?” Dean says incredulously.  “You murder innocent –“
“I’d learn some manners, Dean baby. You’re not the only one who can play semantics,” Castiel says silkily, running his tongue over fangs red with Dean’s blood.  “I’m bound by our laws to keep you alive and healthy for as long as you choose to be my Feeder.  I can keep you just like this, hooked to an I.V. for the rest of your natural life or you can learn how to submit to your master.  Your choice, handsome.”
“Half the tri-county area was listening to that, you idjit,” a voice grouses from behind him.
Muttering made him tilt his head to listen.  Dean’s dreams rarely devolved into nightmares since his submission but Castiel listened carefully regardless.  After a moment, Dean’s breathing evened out and he slipped into a deeper rest. Castiel sat down in one of the rockers and sipped his beer.  It occurred to him that this was the first night in several weeks that he’d spent awake while Dean slept. Of late, he’d taken great glee in fucking Dean unconscious before drifting off himself with his Feeder secure by his side despite not needing to sleep.  Granted he never slept long but still it wasn’t something vampires generally did since Hunters weren’t all that considerate of what time they came to cut your head off.
The voice is firm with an undertone of authority that Castiel shouldn’t ignore. But he tries. He looks away from Jake but doesn’t shift back to his human form and he doesn’t acknowledge the other being in the room, a blatant defiance. Fortunately, the First doesn’t seem to care. Instead, he stands calmly regarding the vampire before him. He’s dressed in, of all things, jeans, tennis shoes and what looks like a graphic tee from one of the superhero movies Dean enjoys.
Beth smiles and a mobile phone slides in front of him. Dean looks up, confused.
Suddenly the tension bleeds out of the room and Bobby does introductions and handshakes with John and Sam.  Castiel notices Jack and his eyes widen.
“Boy, you will not live to regret this.”
Dean now sees the strong hands moving to touch him, to check his pulse and keep him still.  He remembers those hands.  Remembers when they touched him three years ago with no intent of keeping him still.  He blinks.  It
Dean brushes himself off, trying to regain a little composure.  He looks at Castiel.  "We worked a couple of cases together when he was FBI."  Dean raises his eyebrows.  "Looks like you switched teams, Victor."
Castiel ears darken but he doesn't look up.  "I didn't know -- I didn't know about Jack."
As it turned out, they only had seven minutes but Dean didn't complain since Castiel remembered to move them into the master bedroom before he actually penetrated Dean.  The elder Winchester would forever be grateful since it would have royally
“Welcome back, Dean,” Castiel says.
fault?  Dean, that's --"
'Days ... we've been in this room for two and a half days, Dean."
Dean freezes. The voice sounds normal, like any other human's but Dean knows the thing speaking the words left the mortal coil behind long ago. The cold metal of a shotgun muzzle is pressed just under his jaw. Dean cuts his eyes sideways and finds himself looking into the hazel gaze of his little brother. The young man's eyes are open and blank but Dean sees a tear trickle from the corner of one. A vein jumps in Sam's jaw. The index finger curled around the trigger is still for now. Dean blows out a shaky breath.
With a slight nod, Jack comes to some internal conclusion and swipes at his tear and snot covered face.  He wiggles and shifts in Sam's arms and leans out toward Dean, not in the least bit concerned that his uncle might drop him.  Pudgy hands grasp toward his parent and Dean hiccups as more tears break free.  Sam chuckles.
“What are you doing to me, Dean Winchester?”
"Castiel?  You ok, kid?"
The words are spoken just above a whisper but they go straight to the part of Dean that doesn’t give an ever-loving fuck that a creature of the night is the one speaking them. He actually feels a little lightheaded when the blood rushes south to raise him to a marble-like hardness.  Dean knows Castiel is using his ability to compel and that pulls another gasp from him.  The vampire makes a curious sound.
Dean gives a
Castiel rolls his eyes. “
Taking a blood-infused beer from his fridge, Castiel stepped onto his porch and stared into the dark.  Nocturnal animals scampered through the woods at the edge of his property, their movements amplified to his enhanced hearing.  He saw an owl silently drop in a graceful arc and rise again, the limp body of its victim gripped in razor sharp talons. He’d done the same maneuver many times during the early years of his Dark life.  He’d find an unwary or too confident human traveling at night and descend in silence. By the time his shadow fell over them, it was too late and the rich blood of their lives was flowing down his throat.  It had been a freer time - when hunting humans could be achieved without worry of being seen by the thousands of digital eyes that permeated human cities and even the black void the world spun through.
“But whether you get it or not - whether you
Castiel frowns.
”Cas already watches them.”
know that Dean was pregnant.  When I saw him today, I was caught off-guard."
Sam is too dazed by Dean’s psychic cry to put up any resistance. Dean’s face pops into his mind and the echo of the scream fills his thoughts unbidden.
Ebony mist abruptly swirls into being around Mike and Castiel, blotting out their surroundings leaving only twin rubies gleaming in the dark.  As Mike vanishes from sight, it occurs to the 600-year-old vampire that he may have overstepped a bit.
you be quiet, Dean,” Castiel stated.
me to that warehouse?  I went because you and your brother were making it difficult to hunt in this area,” Castiel snaps.  “I haven’t survived three hundred years being dense.  Although that seems to be working for you.”
to resist. He
"Sorry ... didn't mean to mind-vomit that all over you," Dean apologizes.
Dean pauses and puts his bottle aside.  "You're asking questions you already know the answer to ... what do you really want to know?"
Dean snorts. “You blo—vampires seem to have a thing for tossing us fragile humans around.  Me and Sam got used to working with something broken or sprained – occupational hazard.”
His dad left Dean with bruises and broken bones but he also trained him in the Way of the Hunter, Winchester Edition. Saving people, hunting vampires - the Family Business; it’s all Dean knew for his entire life until Castiel. Until a vampire over six centuries old showed him he could be better than cheap hotels and meals eaten from a paper bag while driving down a back highway in the middle of the night. Gollum’s got nothing on the way
Mike approaches the frozen vampire with a dismissive wave.  He crouches in front of Dean and frowns when the human squeezes his eyes shut with a whimper.  "Look at me, Dean."
Sam chuckles but there’s no mirth in the sound. “Just like Dad ... a-and D-Dean.”
Dean shivers and shakes his head, indicating that he won’t.  He watches the man walk away.  He had kind eyes.  Dean is scared.  He doesn’t know if they’ll take him away from Sammy now or what will happen.  All his life he’s been told to hide what he can do and to help Sammy hide too.  He sniffles and holds Sammy tightly.  Dean’s limit has been reached – he can only hope they won’t separate him from his little brother.  Bobby comes back.
“C-Cas?”
“Just one vampire, Dean. I might share you but that’s going to be a rare occurrence,” Castiel clarifies.
“I do. You’ll meet them later this week, in fact,” Castiel replies.
A warm hand drifted over his cooling skin.  Dean asked no questions; his calloused hand simply swiped slowly over Castiel’s back.  It was soothing. Tension melted out of the vampire’s body. Castiel allowed himself to lay back with his head on Dean’s thighs.  The same hand drifted across Castiel’s chest.
Dean feels like an idiot. Of course he'd know if Castiel was lying or trying to deceive him ... but he's too scared to touch his lover's mind again. Until Castiel forces his voice out again.
Dean looks around wild-eyed and then runs his hands over himself, starting at his throat. Castiel watches, amused, for a moment before standing with a sigh.
“No … no no no … Sam!  Sam, no — Jake, why?  I do not want your Master … I just want Dean!”
Dean ditches Baby six hours down the road. He hates to leave her but she’s too easy to track. He doubles back and heads a different direction. He’s only got the clothes he wore for his date with Castiel and twenty-three dollars in cash but Dean knows he’ll manage somehow. He can hustle pool or kill a few poker games to get cash. He can do other things, but Dean decides not to consider that unless things get dire. He only wants to put as much distance between himself and his family as he can – he plans to never look back if it means they leave Sammy alone. By running, Dean hopes to pull attention to himself and convince the hunters to abandon the search. He wishes he'd never met Castiel Novak.
A low groan emerges from Sam. Dean knows his little brother would be jumping up and down foaming at the mouth if he could move. He looks back at the vampire and points a finger.
“Your ribs should heal in a week or so because I’ll be feeding regularly from you and my saliva will aid your body in healing itself. The more I feed, the faster you’ll heal from the bites and other minor injuries,” Castiel explains.  He points at the human.  “I said
The vampire growls and faster than Dean can follow, he strips and joins the hunter in the tub.  Dean is swiftly manhandled - no, he
A warm hand rests on his arm.  "Castiel, you saved Dean's life today.  I'll always be grateful to you for that but he's just getting his life together again after Jack came along.  An Alpha that isn't going to stay around is not something he needs."
for my generosity.”
.  It punches through his fragile calm and, in a blink, he’s in front of Sam, eyes bright with anger.
Castiel makes a noise and flicks off the radio. “You can see your family, Dean.  I wouldn’t deny you that – they already know about us so it’s not a risk.”
“No wonder Dean came to me so easily -- you are his
Dean set a few tears free with a blink.  “Y-yeah?”
Dean yelps and spins around, hands up in defense.  "Damn it, Cas!  Give a guy a heart attack, why don't you -- whoa!"
Dean decides later while he's busy forgetting anything but Castiel's cock in him that he could grow to
Dean exhales, knowing he shouldn't tease Sam right now but it was too good an opening to resist.  A low croak escapes his imprisoned lips as he fights to talk.  Dr. Barnes presses a hand to his shoulder.
“What, you raid the blood supply?”
With a weak snort of laughter, Castiel feels his eyes sting.  He blinks rapidly and exhales with a shudder.
Dean releases a garbled wail through his barbed wire gag. Laughter floats all around him.
Sam groans. “...not … me …”
Dean still thinks this when he and Sam finish the shop walk-through and start on the fence walk.
It's a helpless cry ... the cry of a man caught in the whirlpool of climax. Dean has no voice and Castiel couldn't hear him even if he did – so who is calling out? And then Castiel realizes he's hearing Dean ... he's hearing Dean's inner voice ... in his mind.
Dean moans softly. It’s been nearly a month since the call with Bobby … since he accepted that his family, the only ones he’s ever known, think he’s either lost his mind or been brainwashed by a vampire, probably both.  In that time, Dean has decided that while he loves Bobby and his little brother with all that he is - damn if this didn’t hurt to admit - he doesn’t
the road in those princesses.”
It grates against his nature but Castiel offers his own olive branch.
The vampire appears abruptly, making Dean jump. He tells himself not to be startled but Castiel moves too fast and too quietly for the hunter’s instincts to react any other way.
Mike chuckles darkly but says nothing. Dean’s shoulders curl inward and he sighs deeply.
A car accident is a very noisy affair, Dean Winchester decides.  It's not like the movies where things just sort of drag out but instead, it's an explosion of sound that seems to be everywhere at once.  This is Dean's observation at least while he's trying to gently pump his brakes and stop his slide on the icy highway just outside Sioux Falls.  He says some very unkind things about the pickup truck driver whose inability to adjust his speed to road conditions put him in this situation.  One minute Dean is cruising along on his way home and the next he's got a Dodge crunching the side of his Impala and sending him into the guardrail.  He manages to hold her steady but momentum spins him sideways across the lane right before he stops.  A tear slides down his faces as he murmurs a soft "I love you, baby boy" to his son before the tractor-trailer hits him broadside and everything goes dark.
after him two weeks ago and we’ve heard bupkis since.”
Castiel seems to ponder something for a moment before taking the shotgun from Sam's hands and breaking it. He twists the metal as easily as pulling apart taffy and throws the pieces away into the darkness. The vampire then frisks both humans, finding and discarding their various weapons. When he's done, Castiel goes back to his perch. He releases the brothers from their compel.
Wherein our boys are reunited and it doesn't go quite as smoothly as they hoped.
Dean feels the truth behind Castiel’s signing but he’s scared. He bites his lip.
ability to compel is through speech. Even a whisper, barely audible over say, a shotgun blast? One sound is all I need to slither into your minds and start flipping switches,” Castiel murmurs. “Open your eyes, Dean.”
"Good.  Do you know who this is?"  She points at Sam.
to believe me -- I did
?  He's my pup!  I can't just forget!  Dean had no right to keep him from me!"  He stands.  "I didn't -- I would have done what was right.  I would have."
to head-butt the vampire and take the chance that he won't compel Sam to fire the rifle. A blur of actions Dean
?  Dean only went with you because of me … because he always protects me and now —“
The door to the diner opens and a tall man with light blue eyes and dark blonde hair walks in – Balthazar. He glances around and frowns at Sam. Walking over, he taps Sam on the shoulder.
Castiel lies pressed against Dean's back.  He's hilt deep in the man's body and just the most minute of movements sets off a predictable reaction.  Castiel shallowly thrusts forward and grins toothily as the Feeder exhales shakily while his body clenches reflexively around Castiel's cock buried deep inside him.
“Yeah, I can relate.”
“By Nicholas Ashe? What said he?”
Dean sends.
Castiel nods with a chuckle, his eyes flickering from Dean to Mike.
Bobby Singer, John's closest friend and honorary uncle to Sam and Dean, glares at him from his seat.  "Shut up and sit down, you idjit before you wake the pup," he hisses.
Peaches.
Dean fights not to gape when he sees Castiel. He's wearing a dark blue shirt that brings out his eyes and a dark-washed pair of jeans with a black leather jacket. He's probably the sexiest thing Dean's seen in a
this for as long as Dean lasts.  He wonders if Dean will break when he realizes the vampire he's fallen for has played him.  That would be unfortunate but Castiel reminds himself again --
“Don’t worry so much, Castiel. Harvey insists I’m too soft but I’d rather have your loyalty willingly than by fear,” Mike smiles with just a bit of fang. “Still, have to keep up appearances.”
Castiel wonders why it bothers him that his Feeder believes he is so
Dinner is fun. Dean likes the atmosphere at the Roadhouse. The steaks are amazing and he knows the owner, Benny. Benny comes over to say hello during their meal.
(See the end of the chapter for
would send your stubborn ass back, Dean Winchester,” Castiel says.
“Excellent. Now, let’s get you dressed.  As much as I like the scenery, I doubt we can avoid unwanted attention if you walk into the ER in just your briefs,” Castiel says.  “Although you don’t seem too bothered by me seeing you in such a state of undress.”
injuries, Dean.  John is a friend – I could get into serious trouble for hurting you the way I did.  Damn it, stop trying to spin everything I say into a possible method of escape, Dean!”
“Yes, it would probably kill you, Dean. I don’t know – I’ve never seen one broken.  Just – just accept it, alright?”
Castiel licks along Dean's neck.  Goosebumps trail the dark red tongue.  "Your speech is as eloquent as ever, Dean.  I'm actually impressed with your stamina.  I didn't intend to fuck you senseless but once you were in my bed ... instinct took over.  Your taste is addictive."
Castiel rolls his eyes and shoos Dean to the island. “Thank goodness my skills as a chef are decent enough to gain your affection.”
Dean winces at the plaintive tone of Sam's thoughts. He can almost feel Sam's hand on his arm and knows his brother is using his ability to try and physically stay him.
"Don't worry, kid ... we're gonna make you all better ..."
[I’m sorry Cas … I had to be sure.]
Sam turns on his own puppy-dog eyes.  "Please, Dr. Barnes -- they've never been apart like this before.  Jack's really missing his dad."
"My goodness, how on Earth does your Alpha resist those eyes?"  Her teasing smile fades when Dean's eyes drop.
"Sorry, sir.  I'll get it cleaned up.  I'm sorry."
"Take a deep breath, sweetheart.  He's alive and we'll just start there -- anything else is just guessing at this point.  You come here and pick us up; I'll call your father to meet us at the hospital," Mary says firmly.
Castiel loves watching Dean's body react to what he's doing. He's always wondered what sounds his lovers made while he touched them but had to watch their mouths move silently instead. Dean's mouth opens when he drags in deep breaths but that's it ... there are no missed sounds drifting through the air between them. No harsh whispered words or lost groans emerge from Dean. Castiel finds something far more enticing for himself. Where other lovers used their voices, Dean uses his body. His entire frame vibrates when Castiel does something he likes. When Castiel slides down on Dean's cock, he feels the muscles of his torso tighten, his hips buck up slightly and his hands fist the sheets. It's more than just a physical reaction. When Castiel's tongue finds a rhythm Dean appreciates, he can almost feel Dean straining toward him, encouraging him with his movements to continue whatever he's doing. So Castiel tests this theory with his hands ... his fingers gently search out Dean's balls and he enjoys the way Dean's entire body tenses and shivers. Dean is tugging Castiel up toward him and Castiel meets an emerald gaze that's gone almost ebony with desire.
Dean snorts. “I’m a walking Lunchable for vampires.  Pretty sure you seeing me in my undies is low on my life list of concerns.”
Dean looks up at the one being he
embarrass me in front of the Council, Dean ... I will strip the skin from your precious Bobby while you listen to his screams.  Sam will not be turned because I keep my word but I promise you he will take a very long time to die."
Bobby winces and shakes his head.  He puts a firm hand on the boy’s shoulder and the voice falls silent.  Bobby regards the boys closely for the first time — the older one has dark blond hair, hazel-green eyes and a dusting of freckles across the bridge of his nose.  The baby’s eyes are wide and unfocused, the same color as his brother’s.  Bobby frowns and passes his hand in front of the infant’s face.  The eyes do not track the movement.  He looks at the older boy.
With a finger pointed at the vampire, he snapped, “That’s not playin’ fair, Cas!”
"Ka-az?"
Yeah, it’s been … different.
“Sam …”
Castiel lets his mind drift over Dean’s, listening in on his dreams. A deep hatred simmers beneath Dean’s thoughts even as he sleeps.  Castiel’s smile takes on a very predatory aspect.  If the hunter was able to read
Balthazar regards Sam evenly. “Well, Cassie would kill me if he knew I was doing this, but is there a particular reason your brother dumped him?”
Castiel doesn’t move.  When he looks up, Sam’s breath freezes in his throat. The vampire’s eyes are like burning coals and his fangs are savagely long. Sam knows Castiel could tear his mind and body open but this display isn’t one of power — it’s one of grief so unfathomable Sam suddenly feels hot tears sliding down his face.
“Yes, and poor innocent Sammy just can’t say ‘no’ to big brother … that about it?” Ellen says as she puts away the groceries.  “Just for that, you can both do the dishes,” Ellen says.  She regards them with a stern eye.  “And then you can both do the walk through the shop and yard.”
Jack.  His son.  That was going to take some getting used to --
Sam looks down into his cup before he answers; a thousand smartass answers flood his mind but he shoves them aside for the response he doesn’t want to voice.
A lesser telepath would have instantly been killed by the massive pain-filled feedback wave created by impacting a mind-block of such caliber. Balthazar is no ordinary telepath.
Dean finds himself falling asleep while Castiel is still talking. He wonders dimly how long it will take before he begs Castiel to kill him.
Castiel’s fingertip traces lightly across the human’s chest.  His claw tip opens a hair-thin line that bleeds a drop or two before healing. He smiles and enjoys the way the man’s face pales. Every vampire has a different Dark form. He’s been told that his is quite … unnerving.
“Jack misses you, big brother.
is shattered.  The one thing Castiel lacks glows brightly in Dean but the light is fragmented.  And suddenly Castiel wants nothing more than to bathe in the luminescence of the cracked stained glass heart beating so strongly in Dean's chest.
"We didn't --"
Dean shakes his head but he’s secretly very proud of his little brother.  He definitely got the smarts.  Dean’s just happy to be able to fix cars and help out at the shop and salvage yard that his uncle Bobby owns.
Castiel stands and walks to the railing. His head drops and Sam has to move closer to hear the man.
of Indiana Jones and Han Solo -- never tell me the odds and make it up as you go along."  Dean leans back in the tub and toys with the French-milled soap sitting on a crystal cut soap dish.  He doesn't look at Castiel.  "So ... do you want to talk about --?"  Dean gestures vaguely with his free hand before he suddenly word vomits into the link.
Castiel shakes his head with a smile at Dean’s use of the feminine pronoun. “No, actually she belongs to Dr. Carter.  It was time for her three-month check-up.”
“Alright, yes. And while I would prefer you stay such … I know what it means to make your own way in the world,” Castiel eyes his Feeder’s gleeful expression and it
“The only problem with your advice, human, is that
"I d-didn't
Dean lifts his tender appendage out of the water.  Castiel examines it and nods.  His eyes shift to Dean.  "Looks as though my feedings have enhanced your body's healing process.  The cut should be completely healed by tomorrow morning."
Castiel surges out of his dream into the sound of AC/DC screaming from his kitchen. He falls back and pulls the pillow over his head with a groan.  It's a shock to his carefully constructed haven of silence and solitude to have a human under the same roof.  Thanks to his enhanced hearing, he doesn't have to concentrate to hear every note.  Hell, at this volume, it's like being at a live concert for the vampire.  Dean's voice is just audible below Johnson's vocals matching the lyrics word for word --
Castiel slipped into his dark facade at the sight of his Feeder so broken by the thought that someone considered him special.  Dean was a magnificent pain in the neck but Castiel had been impressed by their initial encounter and he was no less aware of the young man’s assets now that their relationship had become more complicated.  However, he knew Dean couldn't bear to hear the words right now.  Soon, perhaps, but not now.
at laughing.  He reaches out along the bond to apologize and suddenly the room disappears leaving him lost in one of Dean's memories.
[Dean … you can trust me. I won’t betray you.]
Dean retreats from Castiel’s mind and signs. [Prove it.]
“I gave you a bath while you were out. Your briefs are clean too in case you’re curious.”
“N-no … don’t go …” Dean says, hands reaching out to catch the vampire’s wrist.
"You didn't seem to mind earlier, my sweet one," Castiel murmurs.
“Bobby’ll make a start on her while Dean is healing. She’ll be a good project for Jack to help his daddy with,” Mary states. “ Now, get to bed. We have to leave for the hospital early.”
humans.  He’d drain them all dead if he could.”
Benny frowns and shakes his head.  "Brother, if we're tallying up who owes what, I got a sight more on my tab than you so why don't you just shut the hell up and come get some dinner?"
Sam Winchester walks to the diner to pick up a to-go order. He spends his days with Bobby at the shop. It's been a week and a half since Dean left. No one has come to their door asking questions. Ellen dotes on Sam as if trying to make up for his brother's absence. Bobby is ... Bobby remains quiet and withdrawn. The house is full of sadness as if someone died. Sam finds himself not wanting to be trapped in the smothering walls that echo with Dean's presence.
“Always has. He’s just so …
Sam stammers, “He was … I knew … we —“
Dean groans. “Awesome.”
“I know you do, baby. I hate it for you but ... oh, forgive me for this, Sam ... but you came to us because of it in the beginning. How can I ever regret that?” Mary asks, her palm pressed against Sam’s cheek.
Knowing that Castiel wants Dean to take him, Dean pulls the man up and kisses him while rolling them both over. He's creating a feedback loop with their thoughts ... every time he touches Castiel, it echoes through both of them. Castiel doesn't know what's happening, only that whenever Dean's hands are on him he can barely think with how good it feels. When Dean preps him, they are both almost breathless with the need flaring through them. When Dean slides into Castiel's body, Castiel is fairly certain he stops breathing altogether.
to do this.  Sammy ... Dean tastes blood and frowns.  He lifts trembling fingers to his mouth and realizes that he's bitten through his lip.  The link is silent.
The vampire takes the opposite chair. “So Dean often points out.”
“I’m ... just the messenger, Novak.”
triggered a response in your Feeder instincts.  A response that could have been fatal -- for him.”
Castiel looks bleakly at Sam. “Dean
“Of course you are,” Sam retorts. “Don't try to act like you have the slightest idea what it's like for the ones like me and Dean.”
Castiel whips away from the Feeder with another ear-splitting screech. His talons brush the air mere centimeters from Mike’s windpipe.
Dr. Barnes smiles kindly. “No one said you had to but I need to remove the tube now that Dean’s conscious. You can stay in the room but out of our way.”
Dean's voice would be barely audible to a human but Castiel hears it clearly.  He feels the tension rush out of Dean like a river as the human relaxes and gives in to the sleep that's been dragging at him for a while now.  Castiel doesn't have to sleep but he settles in to rest with Dean curled in the curve of his body.  The darkness will eventually fade and he'll be able to withdraw from his Feeder's body without causing undue damage.
The blue eyes widen but then shutter.  "No, he should see family first, Mary but thank you --"
Castiel snorts. “Please. I'm not a human making idle promises. As long as you live, Dean Winchester, you'll belong to me. No other vampire will be able to touch you without my consent. Of course this means you'll never be able to hunt again.” Castiel turns to Sam's limp body. “Oh and if any hunters come after me on your behalf, I'll kill every last one of them and turn Sam anyway.”
“Dean?”
”Dean’s gonna pull something when he sees the shape Baby’s in,” Sam comments.
Castiel touches Dean’s arm. Dean jumps but he doesn’t resist Castiel turning him around. He meets Castiel’s eyes when his chin is tipped up.
disrespects Dean’s Master.  Especially not judgemental little brothers who don’t know jack shit about anything.
Castiel huffs a soft laugh. “I’m glad we’re in agreement, Dean.  But I’m obviously not doing something right if you can still think … I must be losing my touch if you aren’t
Castiel's head snaps around so quickly it would have broken his neck if he'd been human.  The bed is still fragrant with Dean's release and his blood.  The memory of his Feeder's blissful submission flits through Castiel's memory along with the associate sensations of arousal and desire.  Yet it's not the sex that has him uneasy.
.  How the hell that thing can even be
Castiel parks in front of his house and reaches across to his Feeder, cradling the tear-stained face in his hands.
“Based on your near pathological need to keep him safe, I’m going to assume that you’ve been protecting little Sam since he was old enough to draw attention to himself,” Castiel says drily.
The doctor rolls her eyes.  "Do all the men in your family have this ability to look so pathetic to get your way?"
The large porch with its chairs and tables draws Sam to it the first morning. He eases himself down and looks out across the mist covered lawn leading into a thick line of trees. He sips from the thick mug he brought out and gives a startled grunt. He’s spent his life subsisting on mediocre (if he was lucky) coffee made in cheap hotel machines. What he just drank was rich, thick and full of flavor.
Castiel groans.  "I couldn't have done
“I saw Dean, Castiel. He’s been everything to me since for my entire life - mother, father, brother. You name it, Dean was it. So don’t assume I never noticed … kinda hard not to see the guy that goes hungry to make sure
Dean jolts at the vampire’s anger. “Just tape ‘em … they’ll heal ok.  Wouldn’t be the first time.”
[I am sorry if I was rude, however.] Castiel offers.
He never wanted a Feeder -- never wanted the responsibility of caring for a fragile human but now Castiel thinks he might have to change that opinion.  He's never known the
keep my promise to turn him, Dean.”
“Then you and I have nothing to say to each other,” Sam returns, putting his headset back on.
“A demon of my own making clambers for my soul, Gabriel. The visiting reverend –
“And now that he’s discovering he’s
for this, vamp.  You didn’t exactly leave me a choice.”
Dean rolls his eyes and gives Garth a ‘
Mike snorts.  "Wow, you
Dean's head spins as he finds himself on his feet again and Victor perched on the wing of the small jet, his blade still in his hand.  "No ... not possible.  The Winchesters would never stop hunting."
“Name it,” Dean grinds out.
Dean opens his mouth but closes it again just as quickly.  He takes the long coat Castiel hands him.  Dean knows he can't avoid this -- never mind his fear of flying; meeting the Council and head vampire in New York is apparently a big deal.   Castiel may prefer his solitude but he can't completely ignore his kind's social mores.  He climbs into the truck and carefully clicks his seatbelt to avoid wrinkling the coat as much as he can.
The Cajun leaves after a long searching look at his friend.  Dean goes to the bathroom and splashes some water on his face.  He stares at his reflection -- fifteen years older.  Dean hopes he's got the wisdom to go with it.
started off as a young boy dragged along on his
Castiel sits in the darkness and thinks. He was sent here to locate two metas. Meeting Dean Winchester was not part of the plan – neither was learning that Dean was one of his targets just as he fell for the man. Castiel decides he will report the metas as gone. Dean will be safe. He will get another assignment and move on. Castiel wishes that did not make him so sad.
Castiel sheds his overcoat and hangs it on a peg near the door with his hat. The fall wind had taken on a particularly bitter edge and his burden only made it worse.  He sits near the fire and looks at the dancing flames.  It occurs to him he might very well be destined for that very inferno.  Gabriel sits on the bench beside him.
Castiel doesn't talk while they drive.  He's too bothered by how he feels.  Why the hell should he
“He told you I
“Well done, Sam. Let us do our job now.”
Castiel chuckles when the Feeder warbles along with the guitar riffs and pounds along the countertops in perfect time with the drums.  The unabashed enjoyment and joy that suffuses their link is infinitely preferable to the normal sullen distrust and confusion.
"It's not a small thing to take on a Feeder, Dean.  For as long as there have been vampires, there have been Feeders.  It's considered a sacred position in our world," the First explains.  "It means that you belong to Castiel and he is responsible for everything that happens to you ... and everything that you do reflects on him."
onto his stomach. Fingers that could easily punch through his rib cage and tear out his spine began to knead gently.
“Ah, Castiel ... talk to me,” Balthazar says softly.
Castiel laughed and tugged his Feeder close.  He dragged fangs over Dean’s pulse point and smiled at the soft keen his human made.
“What do the undead have but time, Sam?”  Castiel’s claws emerge and retract as he gathers his words. “Dean … Dean’s soul is like a beautiful cracked glass. If Ashe kills you or Bobby or myself … all three if he can manage it … Dean will … Dean will shatter.”  Castiel groans and presses the heels of his hands to his eyes. “Ashe will taint whatever is left of Dean and even though he’ll try to keep him in thrall as he did me, Dean is far  stronger than he even knows.  He’ll chafe against his chains and when he breaks free he’ll be nigh unstoppable because he’s been raised a Hunter.  The First won’t have any choice but to kill him.”
to be here.”
Castiel chuckled and nipped at Dean’s lip before swiping his tongue along the beading redness.
Castiel chuckles. “Again, not stupid, Dean.  He’ll come to see
him, don’t you think?”
[You got it,] Dean signs quickly. He hops off his stool and then turns back with a frown. Beth laughs.
"Shammy ... fank you."  Dean slurs through his wired teeth.
Castiel sits up and grabs Dean's arm even as the man is scrambling backwards, trying to escape.
"It would have been hard to notify you since you left without a note," Mary says flatly.
”Yeah,” Dean agrees uncomfortably.  “But it’s not like that anymore ... he’s, I dunno ... different.”
"F-first?  I'm sorry, I didn't --"
Dean opens his eyes, a smile on his face that fades when he sees the wide-eyed look of terror on Castiel's expression. His brain, still fuzzy with orgasm, takes a minute to realize what has happened. Dean realizes he's thrown away everything he's spent his life protecting. He's just exposed himself ... exposed Sammy ... he pulls away from Castiel, his eyes filling with tears.
a life before meeting Castiel in a dark warehouse.  Castiel grips Dean's nape and tugs the human's lips down to his own.
them.
“Sam,” Castiel begins.  “I understand more than you think.  I had brothers and we would have done anything for one another.  If I’d seen one of them as you see Dean now, I would have been just as concerned.”
It's from this perch, unfortunately, that Sam tumbles when Dean’s mind scream shrieks through his brain. Momentarily rendered senseless, Sam slumps forward and gravity does the rest. He rolls off the edge of the porch roof and plummets towards the ground only to stop mere inches from the sun-hardened soil.
"I'm right behind you, Benny."
want to give that up.  Not even for Sammy.  Dean runs a startled hand over his face.  Did he just admit that?  Admit wanting whatever Castiel is willing to give him more than protecting his little brother?
"Hello, Gabriel," Castiel mutters.
Castiel's eyes widen. He releases Dean and moves to drag over a large wooden spool that held cable at one time. Sitting cross-legged on top of it, Castiel props his chin on his fists and grins.
“Relax, Dean … let me,” Castiel murmurs.
train of thought aside and opts for a broad grin.
Dean looks at the kitchen.  He has to clean up the mess before Castiel gets back or the vampire will be even angrier.  Dean chews on his lower lip.  He fucked up.  He really fucked up this time.  He has to be good or Sammy ... Dean shakes his head.  No.  He can do this ... he
I ask again:
“He looks like he’s barely outta college,” Dean comments.
glowing back at him.  How the hell had he managed to sit here for nearly
The link pulses with Dean's embarrassment.  Castiel frowns and brushes fingertips along Dean's tense jawline.  Hazel-green eyes flicker up at him and then away.  It startles Castiel to feel actual
,” Castiel hisses.  He stands and paces in fury. “They burned me at the stake because a so-called man of God bore false witness against me.”  Castiel whips around and his snarling visage is inches from Jake’s face. “I never knew a man could make such sounds as his skin blackened and crisped and fell away. I never knew what pain
Castiel smiles and Benny's eyebrows go up. [Well, would you look at that ... ] Benny gives Castiel his own intent gaze. [This clown manages to screw things up ... you come see me, handsome. Benny'll do right by ya.]
“You threatened to hunt him down.  Damn it, Sam! I told you I’m still here because I want to be!”  Dean jumps to his feet. “You … the one time I decide to do something for myself and you think it can’t possibly be valid.  Obviously, I’ve got to be mind-controlled because Dean Winchester isn’t capable of thinking for himself. Well, guess what -- I chose to be here.  I
Dean chuckles. He rubs the back of his neck and then signs. [Good to know. Do you want to maybe get dinner sometime?]
Castiel still doesn't know where he found the sheer will to grab up his duffle and softly sneak out of Dean's apartment.  At the time he'd believed it was courage to leave behind the blue-collar Omega and return to his pedigreed life.  After all, he'd been raised to walk a path of privilege and there were expectations when it came to a Mate.
John Winchester's apparition crouches beside Dean and chuckles.  "Better?
"I taste better than I smell, Cas."
need. His Master is everything to him and he’s going to be the best Feeder in the history of Feeders. With his patented Winchester come-hither look, Dean nuzzles the part of Castiel that is currently straining against denim. One of the fly buttons actually pops open and Dean exhales slowly, knowing he’s the reason why.
Sam slumps back and crosses his arms over his chest. His frown deepens but he says nothing. Mary sprinkles in the cinnamon and sugar as she stirs.  Sam struggles daily with a condition he can no more control than he could control the weather. He also deeply resents it.
The vampire nods.  "Yes but it would be a bit cramped.  Two is the optimal occupancy."  He smiles at Dean's snort.
Castiel chuckled.  “And weapons? What weapons can you use, Dean?”
Castiel struggles to maintain his composure but the incongruous image of his fierce Feeder as a stricken maiden is too much and he gives vent to a full-body laugh. Collapsing to the floor of the garage, Castiel rolls in helpless mirth. Tears stream down his face. For his own part, Dean slumps across the truck’s bench seat in a similar paroxysm of laughter.
“Hey, brother,” Benny says with an easy grin and a back-patting hug.
Castiel shrugs. “Partly. I was so
"I think I know what he wants, doctor," Sam interjects.
Mike nods. “Your younger brother. Castiel threatened him, correct?”
Dean shakes his head, afraid that Castiel is trying to delay him until he can call someone. He tries to back away again but Castiel catches his wrist.
Remember the muscle car his father had bequeathed to him brings a sharp sting to Dean’s eyes. He supposes Sammy has the car now and he hopes the kid takes good care of her.  At least Castiel lives outside Sioux City – Dean is grateful to be at least
The doctor – Carter, by the nametag – looks younger than Dean but even though his gaze is set in a clean-shaven boyish face, the human sees dark years stretching out behind the brown orbs. He chuckles and suddenly all vestiges of what he truly is disappear.  Dr. Carter looks at Castiel with a raised eyebrow.
“Hell, how was I supposed to know? You sit me out here or in there and tell me to be ‘good’ like I’m a five-year-old.  And I was tryin’!”
Dean’s hazel-green eyes are nearly emerald as his anger flares. He jerks away from Castiel’s touch.
“Dean … Dean … it’s all right.  You didn't want to hurt him. See?  Sam is perfectly alright.”
Castiel gestures to the pilot and the man walks over.  He wears crisp black slacks and a matching short-sleeve button up.  Dean frowns and then his mouth falls open as he realizes he
The vampire cocked his head and sighed.  “Alas, I fear your brother is on time.”
.  How can you think him so weak?”
Castiel’s eyes are devoid of emotion. “Your Brady was seduced and Turned by the same vampire that took me over 300 years ago … Nicholas Ashe.  I think you Hunters have nicknamed him ‘Lucifer’.  And now he has my Dean.”
lecture me about love?!? For all of the seventy-four years I’ve been his Feeder I tried to gain his heart but no … all he wanted was
Jake regards Castiel with an expression that is equal parts sad, angry and bitter. “You
“You bastard,” Dean growls.
this life??”  Castiel’s eyes widen. He laughs with no humor and folds to sit on the cold concrete floor just across from Jake. His head falls forward into his hands. The human stares and looks around him in confusion.
The sound of his own voice surprises Castiel. He examines his emotions and finds he truly doesn’t want Dean to feel like he’s failed in some way.  It’s unsettling after so many years of trying to find new ways to toy with the mortals that surround him.  He forces himself to focus on getting Dean dressed which turns out to be a little bit more of a trial than expected.  The shirt goes on easily enough although Castiel can’t stop the wince when he sees the fresh bruises on Dean’s back and the darkening along one side from the broken ones.  He checks again and doesn’t feel any jagged edges threatening his Feeder but it makes him a little more anxious.  Unfortunately, Dean’s leg cast, while far thinner and more flexible than a traditional plaster cast, fights the narrow leg of Dean’s jeans.  The human is so doped on Castiel’s feeding, he can’t provide much constructive help although he’s very compliant as Castiel struggles to work his leg into the inflexible denim.  He also bites back whimpers when the movements jar his abused ribs.  Castiel is grateful for that at least even though he can feel Dean’s pain beginning to brighten.
Sam just grins and keeps sliding his fingers across the book pages.
The wire thrums and vibrates creating a horrible
Dean frowns at his reflection in the full-length mirror.  He's wearing a deep gray suit that cost more than anything he's owned in his entire life.  The tailoring is perfect and Castiel told him everything was hand-sewn.  The only hand sewing Dean's ever seen is his own handiwork.  Part of his chores was to keep everyone's clothes patched and repaired - he could make it neat but nowhere near the craft he sees on these seams.  Dean straightens the collar -- Castiel said a tie wasn't required for which he's grateful.  It's surreal -- he wore suits with Sam when they were posing as FBI agents while hunting but none of them ever made him feel ... special.  Dean spins on one shined heel and shoots the mirror a crooked grin with a wink.  And of course, finger guns.
"I see," Dr. Barnes sighs.  She turns to Sam. “Call your family but I want Dean to sleep tonight. Plenty of visitation time tomorrow -- half hour and no more with your son.”
that it can all be taken away in a blink. He learned that lesson as a child and he has never forgotten it. You say I released darkness in him but I didn’t … all the evil he’s seen and he can still find joy in a good cup of coffee or a slice of cherry pie with the perfect scoop of ice cream. Dean … Dean burned
Dean blinks in shock.  The guy signs?  He didn’t know anyone else outside his family that signed – some of the people who interact with him often have picked up a few things, but it’s not really necessary since he can hear.  Dean slides off his stool and heads out after the man.  He sees him walking down the sidewalk like the devil is after him in a trench coat of all things.  Dean grins and lopes after the man, putting a hand on his shoulder when he reaches him.
trying to break through the Hunter's defenses but in a perfect storm of emotional vulnerability, Castiel found himself handed the fucking key to the gate.  All it took was some tender words and gentle touches and Dean gave over without a fight.  And, blessedly, Dean's nature is not to dwell too deeply on decisions after they've been made.  The human hasn't bothered to examine the
“Oh, of course,” Balthazar says with a large sigh. “I had it
Jake blinks back unbidden tears when Castiel peers over his own slumped shoulder to regard the human. The blazing flames now dull and cold pinpoints in shadow.
Dean whimpers.  "I'll be good, I swear, Cas."
“How now, brother?”
“Your little brother is alive and well with Bobby Singer as promised. When I dropped him off, I clarified our agreement with the old man.  For your sake and that of young Sam, I hope they’re smart enough to hold to it,” Castiel says.  “I won’t lie to you, Dean.  If you follow my rules, your life is assured for as long as you draw breath and your brother will remain human.  Now rest.  You’ll be a few days recovering from what I’ve taken from you.”
Castiel knows his aspect isn't human anymore.  He's shifted into a beta form and while it's more or less humanoid in appearance, Castiel doubts Dean will find much comfort in that concession based on his nightmares.  Their faces are mere inches apart and Castiel waits for disgust or horror to cross Dean's expression.  He braces himself for his human to struggle to free himself from the vampire's hold.  Instead, Dean's eyes drop to Castiel's mouth and the vampire hears his Feeder's breath quicken.  Castiel's Senses allow him to witness the desire that washes through Dean's body -- he hears the rush of blood through veins to locales south of Dean's waist; he sees the hazel-green eyes dilate to almost black; he feels the sudden surge in body heat -- and with the last, Castiel catches the dry copper tang of old blood.  Another low rumble vibrates through his chest as Castiel inhales deeply through his mouth, savoring the scent that triggered him a moment ago.  The junction of Dean's legs is still caked with the human's own dried blood and cum from the night before.
“Dean!”
"Thank God for that," Castiel replies.
Turning.  Dean smiles sleepily at the warm fuzzies evoked at the memory.  And afterward, when Dean talked about his own short existence, his vampire honest-to-God
Benny Lafitte doesn't share any DNA with Dean but as his uncle Bobby once told him, family don't end in blood.  They shared a cell for seven of Dean's fifteen years.  It hadn't been fast friends the minute they met but shared trials in hell brought them to an uneasy trust.  That morphed into a friendly alliance and eventually became a connection Dean knows will last their lifetimes.  As Benny leaves the lot, Dean slumps in his seat.  One hand runs down his face.
Castiel grunts. “That’s true enough.  It’s all computer run these days – gizmos to do everything but put gas in the damn thing.  Luxury is all well and good but you can’t
"I should probably get you some orange juice," Castiel murmurs into Dean's blood-matted hair.  He shifts again and grins at the hiss this elicits from his Feeder.
Mary covers her mouth and holds the sleeping baby a little tighter.  "You poor thing -- no, he stays with me during the day while Dean is at work."
Mary pauses.  "Yes ... he started crying about a half-hour ago and I couldn't calm him down.  Now I know why."
“Dean, look at me.”
“To the flavor of my brother's blood?” Sam snaps.
Which is why the man's sudden politeness and demure attitude is unnerving.
“You want one of us to-“
[Dean ... ] Castiel abandons signing to move across the seat into Dean's personal space. Dean leans forward to meet the lips he's wanted to kiss for a week now. He feels Castiel's sudden concern that he's moving too quickly ... that he'll scare Dean off. Dean pulls apart with a smile and a gentle thumb against the corner of Castiel's mouth. He's trying to convey all the calm in the world ... like Castiel just did the absolute perfect thing – which Dean thinks he did, actually.
Sam surges upright. His tall frame is imposing but Balthazar doesn't back down. “Am I supposed to feel better about this because your family is one of the what ... half a percent in bounty-hunters that don't 'accidentally' kill their targets?” Sam's sightless eyes stare directly at Baltazar. “And just because you didn't kill them ... that means
Dean tries to act casual about his response but fails miserably because he can’t quit smiling.
.  He's been hunting things like Castiel and his sort all his life.
Dean’s lips on his own stop Castiel’s mental confusion.
Sam nods and brushes a kiss over Dean’s forehead. “I’ll be right here, big brother.”
Dean knows he's taking an enormous risk but he can't bring himself to care or to quit. He wants Castiel to know nothing but the bliss he's feeling himself. He wants this to be the best night of Castiel's life. He gives over to sensation as he thrusts steadily into his lover, letting the wave build until it crashes over both of them. Castiel's back arches and he calls Dean's name hoarsely. He's still riding the surge when he hears it.
“I'm fully aware of what happens to metas, Samuel,” Balthazar snarls.
The smell of bacon drags Dean upright and into the shower. He barely even notices the healing punctures, bruises and slashes that cover his body these days. He’s lived with some form of physical injury all his life since his dad began the quest for revenge when Dean was four. The marks he wears now come from a possessive vampire who likes to make sure Dean knows who he belongs to - just in case it might slip the former Hunter’s mind.  Dean barely remembers how he came by most of them but he’s pretty darn sure he enjoyed himself.
Castiel studies Dean. “You would, wouldn't you? And Sam would die for you in equal measure.”
"N-n-no sir!  I just -- Sammy --"
Dean claps his brother on the back but then groans. “Off me, Samantha ... my fucking leg's broke.”
[Do you want to come inside?] Castiel signs and speaks in that wonderful gravel-laden voice that Dean hasn't heard nearly enough since they met. Dean nods and Castiel swallows hard. Dean feels uncertainty in Castiel's mind. He cups the man's cheek and meets the blue eyes that caught his attention the first day.
Dean and he didn't even have to do much of the heavy lifting.  Dean's own fucked up psyche did it for him -- he could have spent
Castiel frowns. “Oh? And what’s the message?”
time.
Dean sneaks a peek.
“What –“
Victor sheaths his knife and leaps down from the wing easily.  "We knew each other ... before."
“Please,” Castiel asks. “Is there any way he can move around?  I can’t promise either of us will survive his being confined to bed again.”
“Yeah, I don’t believe you but keep your secrets,” he murmured against the warm lips.
Jack's thumb has found its way into his mouth and he just watches Mary.  His eyes slide shut when Mary smooths down his hair.  Sam stands and stretches.  For a moment, they are simply family.  No one notices the man with dark hair enter the room until he clears his throat.
Bobby does an energetic leap from the porch and lands with a grunt beside his adopted son’s hovering form.
Castiel screams again but makes no sound. Blood fills his ears and leaks from his eyes as the voice of his First slices into his mind in the language of the undead. He finds himself pinned by the same fathomless gaze he fled only moments ago. What surrounds the black orbs, however, is not as easily defined and Castiel’s sanity warns it will not hesitate to abandon him should he strive to put shape and form to the brume ebbing over his body.
behind his submission to Castiel and even though the vampire made certain Dean was only capable of the very
supposed to scream when something comes crawling out of a dude’s chest, Dean would like to know?
Mike moves past the frozen vampire with a firm squeeze to Castiel’s shoulder and crouches by Sam’s prone form. The dark stain beneath the young man is wide and even with his enhanced hearing Mike barely makes out the junior Winchester’s heartbeat. Still, this isn’t reason for despair. As long as the heart functions the body fights. Mike knows
When John Winchester finally got himself killed chasing actual and personal demons, Bobby made sure his boys knew they had a place to call their own. Maybe not a typical home but a safe space with family where they were always welcome. However, it looks like he’s failed again even in this.  Dean chooses to be — Bobby can’t consider what his adopted son lets that soulless monster do to him. He runs a hand down his face. He doesn’t understand how Dean considers being used for food and sex some form of love.  Bobby wonders how he missed the signs. He wonders if he ever knew to look for them.  Bobby shifts to pour more whiskey into the glass on his desk. He’s been hitting it harder since Dean was taken by Castiel and it’s been worse now that they await news of Dean’s extraction.
”Mooommm ....”
[Figured you were ignoring me but Beth said you forgot it at lunch,] Dean says.
As he begins to relax and fall, another link asserts itself.  This one isn’t strong either, but it’s persistent and demanding.  Sammy.  Dean blinks and opens his eyes.  His little brother is trembling in his arms and Dean remembers what his daddy said – the little mind tugs at his and Dean is able to pull away from the dark and let the silence take his parent’s thoughts away.  Sammy stops trembling and the link in his head fills with relief and love and trust.  Sam’s a baby so his thoughts aren’t formed yet … they’re just emotions and sensations but Dean’s mind has been linked to Sammy’s since he was still in their mommy’s tummy.  He understands.
"He's been so hard to get down at night and I can tell you’ve been sleeping for crap. You both need this."
WARNING: Explicit descriptions of torture, killing and death.  It’s not a happy chapter.
Sam has one hand on Dean’s shoulder, pausing and stepping as directed. Ellen allows him to send to talk but that's all.  They're both on the honor code that they'll follow the rules.  Annoyed as it makes them ... they do.
Dean rolls his eyes.  "Of course she is."
“Yeah, fucking
but the exact reason
When Dean finds enough of his balls to pry one eye open, he finds Castiel sitting beside the tub with a stunned expression on his face.  "Fuck ... look, Cas just forget I said anything and --"
Dean checks himself one last time while answering Sam.
fucking time since I had a human with the mental
Castiel sighs. “While that might help with our story later, I think I’ll stick with a more traditional method.”
“Stay, Sam.” Castiel says.  “We can rehash how we got to this point or we can move forward.  And, honestly, I’d hate to see all the work Dean has done over the past two weeks go to waste.”
“He draws people to him, did you ever notice?”
Castiel slowly extends his hand and gently takes the trembling arm. He lowers it and Dean suddenly hunches his shoulders, bracing for another blow.  Castiel blinks realizing that Dean truly thinks the entire episode was his fault and he expects to be punished accordingly.  Something twists inside the vampire but he quashes it just a swiftly as he had the memory earlier.  Leaning down, Castiel picks Dean up and puts him back on the bed, ignoring the soft moan of pain.  He examines Dean quickly, finding broken ribs to add to the leg injury.
Faces he doesn’t know swim in and out of his line of sight. Voices overlap and the incessant peak of an electronic alarm is about to send Dean into a psychotic break. Something tugs at his skin, pulling at it until it reluctantly breaks free followed by the most horrific sensation Dean’s ever had — something sliding up his throat. Irrational terror washes over him as he watches a tube that never seems to end slowly exit his body. Just at the foot of the bed Dean sees Sammy. He’s got a pained expression on his face but it’s not fear or concern.  No, Dean realizes it’s because because the little cuss is trying not to
, Sammy?” Dean snaps.  “My
“You need a
Sam frowns. “We don’t know where Dean is.”
on a regular basis. Both literally and in the original meaning of the phrase,” Castiel snorts.
Dean tries and fails to shake his head so he manages, "N-na ... na pu' ... pup ... hom ... F'ammy -- F'ammy wa'sh--pu' ..."
easier than you ... what with living in a family of meta hunters and all.”
Castiel shrugs. “That’s still true and I’m not an idiot – try to conspire with him in any way and I
Don’t get too used to this ... my muse is a fickle being who takes great glee in dumping ideas where once there was only dust.
“No, Jacob. I was not like you. I did not choose to be what I am. My path was made when Ashe threw himself on my charred husk and drained what little remained in my veins. He filled me with his venom and then his blood and I became the darkest of all angels.”
Dean doesn’t look away from the vampire’s eyes. He chuckles darkly. “Oh now, see, I figured you’d
Mike studies his nails for a moment before he meets Dean’s eyes again.
Castiel sighs. “Memories.  Not good ones.”
Dean opens his mouth but at a pointed look from Castiel, falls silent.
“Oh …
“You become my Feeder – marked and claimed,” Castiel offers.
Dean offers his vampire an arched eyebrow. Castiel sighs.
miss you.  Had a - had another drop the other day.  Wasn’t too bad but you weren’t there -- it’s always better when you’re there,” Sam says.  His thumb rubs gently across Dean’s knuckles. “We met the firefighter that pulled you out … Castiel?  Whatever sort of name that is … he looked pretty worried about you. Bet you fluttered those greens and he went all protective Alpha, huh?  Only you could pick up a date in the middle of a --”
a child’s voice babbles in his mind at a painful decibel.
Castiel’s eyes close in pain. “Why wouldn’t you just
Dean straightens and stiffly walks to the rocking chair and ottoman Castiel moved into his garage. He eases himself down into the chair, feeling achy.  Castiel raises an eyebrow.
Castiel says nothing, letting the link fill with calm.  Dean's heart rate is climbing and it wouldn't do to have his Feeder drop dead of a heart attack.  The human blows out a harsh breath so Castiel takes his hand and pulls him close.  His palm rests against Dean's cheek and the human leans into the touch.
"Sorry," John whispers.
Dean tenses but when Castiel follows up his words with a warm tongue dancing around his navel, he relents and lets himself fall into the sensations. Dean’s no virgin but sex has never been like this – he vaguely wonders if it’s vampires or just Castiel but a sharp sting along his ribcage suddenly drives every concern straight out of his head.  His cock presses uncomfortably against his jeans and a sound he’ll deny to his grave escapes.  Clever digits undo the button and slide the zipper down as Dean quivers in anticipation.  He raises a hand to thread into the dark shock of hair hovering over his groin but pulls back at the last minute.  This isn’t two lovers in bed – it’s just sex.  That’s all it can be – he can’t let it progress any further.
movie with Sammy. How the hell is a guy
The vampire looks over at Dean. “Not for a long while, Dean.  Not for a long, long while.”  He shifts on the bed.  “Arm or neck?”
"Looking for this, human?"
"Impressive," he says.  "Took me a while to find you ... headcases are usually pretty easy to spot but you -- you keep your brain locked down nice and tight."
Dean would wail for his vampire if he could but his tongue is spiked to the bottom of his mouth by more of the wire wrapped around his skull. The blood has at least clotted so it doesn’t run down his throat anymore.
But once they park in front of Castiel's house, it's an entirely different vibe he's picking up from the skip tracer. For the first time in his life, he feels like he's cheating when he senses the shy heat stealing over Castiel's mind. Apparently, he's not the only one reluctant to act on what would normally be second nature. Dean swallows as he looks over at the blue-eyed man sitting in his passenger seat and wonders when it got so freaking hot.
"Cas, as much money as you guys got stashed all over the world, ya should be able to afford a better interior decorator," Dean quips as they walk down a very beige corridor.
Castiel made a non-committal sound. “You know when a vampire claims a Feeder, it lets us create a link that gives us information about our human.  It’s how I can feel your pain, how I know you’re getting nervous about where this is going, and how I can hear your thoughts.  You got the quick and dirty scenting version while you were passed out but if tested I could pick you out from every other human on the planet.”
"Dean," Mike begins.  "Feeders are, like I said, sacred.  You are, after all, the only thing that keeps us alive.  Animal blood sustains but human blood actually
“Hey, hey … it’s ok. You’re not feeling it now, but you’re hurt and I have to get you taken care of, ok?  Just relax and let me dress you, ok?”
It's Castiel's turn to shoot sparks.  "
Dean’s in Sam’s space before the younger man can blink.  He locks his arms around his brother’s torso in a tight bear hug and pounds his back affectionately.
"Will you remain in my employ?"
“Dean …”
“Sam’s still at the end of the drive … we’ve got maybe ten minutes?”
Castiel rumbles in irritation and grips Dean tightly to prevent him from moving.  Another growl and hot breath puffs between Dean's shoulder blades.  "You would do well not to tease me, Winchester."
Dean groans when he feels Castiel's cock so
The vampire runs a hand over his face.  "It's fine, Dean.  Let's get on the road."
”Sam.”
“I don’t know how you managed it but you were foolish to come here, Brady.”
Dean nods slowly. “Feel …
to do this?”
John exhales and it's a long-suffering sound.  "You had one job, Dean.  Take care of Sam.  You surely screwed the pooch on that, didn't you?"
Castiel nods uneasily. Mike’s eyes are blue and human but he can just see the pinpoint of red deep in the pupils. It settles him for some reason. Mike is young … an infant by vampire standards … and this leaves him close to his former humanity and the understanding of love’s ability to strip away all reason and control. Yet he’s also a being of immense power. That he easily balances the two is almost comforting.
our little meeting,” Castiel points out.  “No way in hell I was going to be able to stand having you in my house without doing something.”
Dean’s mental voice bellows,
Sam looks up from his reading, startled. He heard something … and he hasn’t heard anything but his own thoughts for the past three months. After the constant presence of his older brother in his mind, Sam finds the silence oppressive. He wears his headset nearly all the time and he studies incessantly. If his mind is busy, Sam ignores the ache that used to be Dean. He only hopes they can locate his brother before the oldest of the Novak family, Michael.
.  You're not, Cas ... you're not ... I didn't mean --."
Castiel’s frozen stare breaks and he blushes furiously.  He signs slowly.
"Absolutely," Dean doesn't bother hiding the eagerness in his voice.
Castiel raises an eyebrow. He puts a hand against Dean’s chest and concentrates.  Both eyebrows go up then.  “Well, fuck me sideways – just how often do you get thrown into walls, Dean?”
Castiel lowers Dean into one of the plush chairs and is gratified to see his Feeder straighten and brush himself off.  Dean runs a shaky hand through his hair and slowly gathers himself.  Mike pours water into a crystal cut glass and offers it to the human.
“It’s going to hurt too much if I don’t give you something for the pain,” Castiel says thoughtfully.
Sam grumbles.  "Walked away without a scratch.  Bastard."
“Yeah, let’s go into my office.  Dean’ll be more comfortable there,” Mike suggests.
Sam sighs. He acted like Dean's movie references annoyed him, but he loves his brother's enthusiasm about things – music, movies, life in general. He misses his big brother far more than he ever thought he would.
Balthazar lets his mind flow along the brothers’ bond, traveling a fading path back to the source. He’s practically at the portal to Dean’s consciousness when he slams into the mental equivalent of a brick wall. With embedded glass. And iron spikes.
Sam snorts. “Ya had to make it creepy, didn’t you?”
"Jack's ok, Dean.  He's miserable without you but he's doing alright.  I sleep in his room and he's always got someone holding him.  Promise, he's ok," Sam assures Dean.
At that moment, the door opens.  The doctor is still wearing scrubs and pulls off her hair cap as she enters with a neutral nod to everyone.
Dean pulls away from the touch. “I’m fine except I’m going to go looney-toons bonding with Nature out here.  Come on, man … I need to
Dean's daydreamed of finding his soulmate once his time was served but he never really gets past the initial 'meet-cute' stage in his head.  Seriously, he's an ex-con.  He has absolutely nothing to offer anyone.  And while the Marks are a biological fact, no one knows what triggers their emergence in a couple.  Science has a lot of theories but few absolutes and the percentage of people that go through life without Marks is pretty high.  Sammy met Jessica at school.  Benny runs a diner and Balthazar stopped in on a road trip.  Dean figures he's going to end up the odd man out statistically.  Which is fine because, well ... ex-con.
Dean catches a glimpse of dark hair fallen over luminous blue eyes.  Hurt ... anger ... disappointment ... Dean swallows painfully as emotions that aren't his lodge in his throat.  The glimpse disappears and suddenly it's as if all the air has been sucked out of the room.  He hears the front door slam and then the mechanical snarl of Castiel's truck.  Tires spray gravel and the vehicle's sound gradually fades into the distance.
”Shtahp,” Dean mutters.
“It’s fine, Dean. Do you need something?”
"Dean is no longer a Hunter.  He is my Feeder.  My
She turns and sighs.  "I don't think you're strong enough for a prolonged visit yet, Dean.  Pups are more draining than you think."
the man.  "Vic-Victor??"
Wherein we see Castiel’s version of therapy — be warned — my muse is also a crazed freak and has a serious blood/sex kink.  If blood triggers you ... why are you reading a vampire fic in the first place?!?
Castiel chuckles. “My Dean is ever so eloquent.”
“I didn’t
?  So you would have mated him?  Claimed the pup as your own?"
you it was dangerous.  Me and Sammy ... we've been doing this all our lives!"
" --ir?  Sir, can you hear me?"
The door crashes open admitting several of the men Castiel has grown up beside. Dismay blooms in his heart as he sees his second oldest brother, Balthazar.  He had not involved him, knowing Gabriel would share his fate when all was safe and they could deny everything.  Balthazar, however, bears signs of torture and that brings his wrath to surface.  It serves him ill because there are too many of them – he sees his brother Gabriel fall before he loses consciousness.
is ok.  Something hot and hard lodges in Dean's throat and he presses his face against Castiel's thigh.  He lets his reassurance filter into the link but his own nerves about how he did leak through as well.
Sam hears the woman begin the standard "They're doing everything possible --" and hangs up.  Rude, perhaps but right now he needs the one person he knows will bring order to the chaos of his mind -- his mom.  Mary's voice has always been a balm to his soul since she sang him to sleep the first night.  Sam folds to his knees and manages to croak out a request to his smart speaker.  Dean is hurt.  His brother is
Beth is laughing at something the man signed.  Castiel doesn’t want to stare but he can’t help it … the hands move in graceful arcs and the strong fingers bend and twist forming letters.  As is the case with people who sign, the man’s entire body is part of the conversation.  Castiel finds his mind wandering as he imagines talking to this man … he wonders what he does for a living … where he lives.  So intent on his mental wanderings is Castiel he doesn’t realize the man has stopped talking to Beth and is idly turning around while he waits for his order.
The vampire snarls.  "No thanks to you."
, Dean sends contritely.
“As is normal for your livelihood, Castiel,” Gabriel protests. “It would be hard indeed to procure such supplies as this village is accustomed if you did you not deal with those that captain the ships.”
him. He’s not even half a decade old ... you didn’t think it strange he agreed to enter my territory?”
Castiel opens his mouth and then closes it.  His back and ass are telling him just how not happy they are about things right now and he shifts uncomfortably.  He opens his mouth again and what falls out he blames on the bone-deep exhaustion of the day in general.
For as long as he's been a vampire, Castiel has never found himself so lost in a human's gaze.  The hazel-green eyes are full of trust and the emotions flowing into their bond are calm with a bit of anxiety born of Dean's desire to represent Castiel well.  Lifting Dean's hand, Castiel presses his lips to the calloused knuckles and walks out behind Jessica and Harvey.
School was easy for Dean.  Whatever he didn’t understand, he could just ‘download’ from the teacher’s mind until he got it.  Sam calls it cheating, but Dean just thinks he’s being expedient.  The ability came in handy during high school when Dean’s main occupation was finding the next girl to grace his backseat and not preparing for the latest algebra test.  His muteness worked against him while he was little, but once he began to notice girls, he began to notice that he was a silent mystery to them and this made him the center of a lot of attention.  It still does a fact that annoys his little brother to no end.
He thinks it’s barbed wire wrapped around each arm to the elbow and each leg to his knees.  Something with hellishly sharp points that catch in his skin and tear if he struggles. The wire circles his ankles and wrists several times, strengthening the hold enough that it actually supports his weight. He’s spread out in an ‘X’ shape.
“Oh …
, right?"  Dean warns.
“Because I am the meta that killed my mother,” Balthazar says softly.  "I'm the reason my family became bounty hunters."
," the vampire mutters even as he mentally acknowledges that meant he fucking
Sam takes another sip of coffee and shakes his head. “This is really good.”
guy.  Again.  At least that's what Dean tells himself as he's carefully strapped in and he can now see the face that belongs to the voice.  He tells himself that the blue eyes looking straight at him don't resemble his son Jack's at all.  Nope, not a bit.
”You could, of course, return to that life. However, if you chose a different line of work, I could offer my personal protection for your family. No one could seek you out in retribution.”
The vampire moved then and Dean found himself stretched out beside Castiel, facing him.  He felt his body valiantly trying to rise to the occasion because if he had to admit it, he absolutely loved it when Castiel manhandled him.  He reached out to cup the smooth jawline but Castiel captured Dean’s hand and pressed a soft kiss to the palm. Dean felt his face grow warm at the tender gesture which was ridiculous considering their physical relationship.
“Can I help you?” Bobby asks.
"I'm Castiel," the voice offers and Dean's brain freezes over.
“Yeah, he’s ‘Cas’ to me, Sammy.  It’s -”
[Old Wesson place ... Bobby told me!] Dean signs as he moves toward the door. [Thanks, Beth – I owe you.]
The slightest shift in the air currents is all the warning Castiel gets. With a snarl he spins, talons out blocking the strike that probably would have taken his head. The long blade sails away to embed itself in the far wall.
The man eyes them and then says, "My name is Castiel ... Castiel Novak.  I'm ... I helped get Dean out of his car today.  I just wanted --"
don’t hurt him …
Dean coughs around his swallow and drinks a large gulp of water. [Well, don't beat around the bush, Cas.]
Finally, the joke runs its course and the pair are able to gather themselves with the occasional snort. Dean climbs out of the truck and, together, they begin to put away tools and lock down the garage for the night. They don’t talk; equipment is handed over with the assurance that it will be stowed correctly and tasks are completed quickly by hands that know the job. Then Castiel has a thought.
"God, just fuck me, will you?"
“Let go, Dean … you’re safe …” Castiel murmurs. The response is still hesitant even though Dean’s eyes are practically closed.  The vampire frowns trying to parse what will convince his Feeder to let this happen when it hits him.  He rolls his eyes but says the words anyway.  “He’s safe, Dean … Sam is safe and nothing is going to happen to him if you just let go.”
Dean shakes and Castiel feels the tension of earlier slither into his Feeder. The bliss of the feeding is rapidly disappearing and Castiel can see lines of muscles beginning to tighten as pain and clearer thinking start to solidify.  He knows Dean isn’t strong enough for it, not really, but Castiel quickly bites into his human’s wrist.  Dean jerks and moans in pain.  The sounds fade quickly into a soft sigh and all the taut lines relax.  He cups Dean’s neck and nuzzles against the warm skin, the overflow of Dean’s submission making him feel tender.  Castiel wants to fight it but Dean’s heartbeat is strong and steady without any of the normal blips and unevenness that normally accompany the hunter’s conscious distrust of the vampire.  It’s a nice sound.
“Are you always this ungrateful?”
good boy."
for Dean Winchester.  Castiel chides himself.  Dean's lifespan, even lengthened by being a Feeder, will still be a blip on the radar of Castiel's life.  Dean is a pet, nothing more.  Castiel repeats this silently to himself, careful not to let it seep into the link.  He drinks from Dean, he fucks Dean, he maintains Dean's health ... it can never be more than that because Dean is only a
. Men I’d known my entire life suddenly decided I didn’t deserve to live. That my … brothers … didn’t deserve to live. My family … they burned beside me. I will never forget their screams.”
Castiel will almost certainly make an appearance to retrieve his Feeder. It’s anybody’s guess how Dean will take being liberated but Bobby suspects it won’t be pretty. If Dean laid hands on
It takes all of Sam’s training
“Why so glum, Sam? No word from Dean?” Beth asks as she sets the bag with the take-out at Sam's elbow.
Dean sends, suddenly the four-year-old begging to keep his secret.
what you do all day?  Work on cars?”
sound with each breath like someone plucking on a nightmare musical instrument. Dean does his best to remain still because when he first awoke, he thrashed like mad. His brain was restarting from the paused instant when cold claws punched through skin and muscle to rip him away from Castiel.  Dean came up from his stupor fighting which was an unfortunate choice. He was blindfolded. But not with cloth. No, whatever cuts into his arms and legs is also wrapped around his head obscuring his sight. It’s fastened somewhere behind him, shifting and slicing if he moves his head even the least little bit.  Searing agony tells Dean pretty certainly that he’s blind in one eye and now he’s terrified of losing sight in the remaining orb. Tears, bloody and stinging, still manage to leak down his face leaving a streaked mask in their wake.
Castiel sighs and nods. “I know, Dean but I had to remind you of what could happen , alright?  You think this is temporary but it isn’t – you belong to me until I release you.”
The word freezes Sam.  His eyes are comically round but at least he knows Dean well-enough to realize he’s pushed the former Hunter to the edge of his temper so he keeps his mouth shut.  Dean steps back and runs a hand over his face.
"Mom, is that Jack?"
Castiel huffs a laugh that makes Dean tremble.  The sub-bass sound reverberates through his consciousness and whereas it would have terrified him a not so long ago, now he oddly feels comforted by it.  The words are almost like a tender caress against his mind.
“Your human smells divine, Novak.”
of psychological torture.  Shadows ring the listless green eyes and the few freckles that dot the bridge of Dean's nose stand out in stark contrast to the too-pale skin.  The link between them allows Castiel to test Dean's emotional strength and it's difficult for him not to show alarm at the
Dean hurts worse now than he did after the Caesarean that gave him Jack to begin with but, like then, the pain is dulled by the joy Dean feels seeing his son. Unfortunately, the emotion is short-lived as Jack's eyes focus on Dean and a whimper escapes.  The little boy immediately burrows into the jacket and turns away.  Sam pauses and runs a large hand over his nephew's back while the tousled mop shakes back and forth.  Dean's Omega instincts scream at him to protect and comfort but he knows the way he looks now and his garbled speech are the reason his baby is frightened. It still breaks his heart knowing that in three years of  tantrums and full-on meltdowns Jack has never refused Dean's embrace.  Tears spill over but as Dean prepares to wave his brother and son away, Sam holds up a finger.
Castiel says nothing which only heightens Dean’s desperation to lighten the mood. Their connection vibrates with his vampire's nerves which, in turn, disturbs the odd inner peace Dean has experienced since his submission. For once the voices are quiet and, crazy form of vampire Stockholm or not, he’ll willingly part with as much blood as Castiel needs if only to maintain the silence. Trouble is, getting in touch with his inner Zen is rapidly becoming the weaker of his reasons for trusting the vampire. Dean shoves
to explain to Sammy why his room smelled like blood and sex.
Sam gently eases his nephew down on Dean’s right-hand side.  Knowing Dean to be an Omega parent, the hospital put him in a wider bed so while snug, Jack has room to lie beside Dean.  Sam tucks him under the blanket and grins when Jack cracks a wide yawn.
Their banter is light, teasing but Castiel can feel the
Bobby does his own fist-slamming then. “Now wait just a fucking minute you -“
Warning:  Just a reminder that this fic contains a lot of dubious consent (hello, vampires).  Castiel's morals aren't those of a human (again, vampire).  Also, there are hints to previous childhood physical abuse.
Sam’s head snaps around when Dean’s fist connects.  Sharp lightning spears through his jaw and Sam knows he’ll be spitting out teeth when he gets up.  Trouble is, once he hits the ground, getting back up doesn’t feel like much of an option. The dark swallows him after that.
It only makes Dean’s heart pound harder.
Sam takes another sip of his beer as he listens to Dean’s storytelling.  He looks over at Castiel. “You mean there isn’t a Council anymore?”
[I don’t know, Dean … please trust me.] Castiel pauses as Dean looks at him. He’s shocked at the fear in the hazel eyes.
“Jerk,” Sam mutters with no real heat as Dean goes up the stairs to shower off the grime from working on his car all afternoon.
about the man helping to move him out of Baby's front seat and onto a gurney.  The man that let Dean wake up alone three years ago and never looked back.  No, Dean Winchester isn't crying over
The vampire's growl drops an octave and he inhales deeply along the line of Dean's neck before suddenly pulling back and bodily setting Dean away from him.  The human grins.
“Looks like you’re coming home with me, Dean,” the fireman says.
At the sudden thought of his son, Dean surges into wakefulness. The chaos that follows is common for patients coming out of medically induced unconsciousness. This does not provide much comfort to the one member of his family that witnesses it.
, Castiel!” Sam complains.
Castiel watched Dean sleep in his large bed.  He’d overfed while pounding Dean into the mattress during their flight.  Now his human needed time to rest and recuperate. It was an annoying reminder of how mortal Dean truly was despite Castiel’s blood imparting a longer life-span and greater healing ability.
Dean wide-eyed gaze shutters and color climbs into his cheeks. Any other day and Castiel knows he would find that very fetching but right now it only makes his guilt feel sharper.  He’s managed to break Rule No. 1 in Feeder Care & Handling within days of giving Dean his mark – Do not allow or cause any undue harm to come to the human.  Castiel is unused to making such stupid mistakes this far into his long-life.
“Let me guess - he’s been cleaning non-stop since we talked on the phone?”
Castiel leans in and kisses Dean gently.  "I appreciate that.  Trust me."
Castiel frowns. “Our link is silent, human. How do you suppose I would know if Dean were dead or turned?”
"Samuel Winchester, you can hear the boy as well as I can -- has he
Dean seemed to blush.  "I'm not that righteous.  I started out for revenge."
Sam’s gaze is steady.  “So you understand that I’m expecting you to release Dean and let him come back to his real life?”
Dean pauses.  "Wait, what?"
"Ok, Dean, time for you to go to hospital and --"
"Why are you
“We won’t let that happen. I broke your wards and they were damn near impossible. Ashe doesn’t have a fucking chance.”
”Fuck me,” he mutters.
“Yeah … taught me everything I know. Sam knows a lot too but it was never the same for him.  Dad … he worked on her every chance he got – he could tell when something was off with the engine or the way she was riding,” Dean reminisces.  “She’s been home for as long as I can remember – Sam’s army guy is still stuck in the ashtray.  Turn on the heat and you’ll hear my Legos rattling around in there.  Yeah … nothin’ like Baby on the road anymore.”
Sam walks out the door and back to the shop. He gives Bobby his fries and nibbles on his burger, appetite lost. They both glance up when the door opens.
A miserable whine escaped Dean but he obeyed.  Tremors rippled along his body and his eyes stung with threatening tears.
Castiel blinks.  "We found a child's car seat during the extraction --- we were all afraid -- I can't tell you what an empty car seat at a wreck can mean to a first responder."
is my 1967 Chevy Impala.  502 Big Block 550 … purrs like a kitten.  My dad … I inherited it from him when he … passed on.  Me an’ Sam grew up in that car,” Dean says proudly.  His brow furrows.  “Guess she’s Sam’s now.  I swear to God if he screws her up, I’ll kill him.”
“Dude, whoever designed these chairs must’ve been a fan of the Inquisition,” Sam complains.
Castiel gives an annoyed snarl but he flickers in Sam’s vision and Bobby suddenly moans but his breathing is softer … easier. Sam isn’t sure what Castiel did but it was faster than his eyes could track.
at him and leaves at a fast pace.
," John Winchester barks as he stalks into the ICU waiting room.
Dean says, sending it along a wave of affection.
This year, honestly. Here’s a long overdue update. Enjoy if you’re still reading.
“When I’m
Castiel stands and drags Sam upright with him. His wings brush opposite sides of the room. Sam struggles to breathe as Castiel’s fingers tighten over his windpipe and the thought crosses his mind that he’s about to die. Castiel sneers at him instead.
“Cut it out, you two!” Bobby snaps.  “Dean, clean your mess up and then help Sam set the table.  Sam – use your hands!”
Dean only sees a flash of glowing rubies before his world dissolves in flame.
(See the end of the chapter for
The vampire returned from his mental wool-gathering and smiled at His Feeder.
Dean would answer if all the blood that Castiel isn't currently pulling out of his vein was headed for his brain instead of all parts south of his navel.  He tries to gather the frayed ends of his thoughts together but he can't seem to follow any of them to an end.  Heat is pooling between his thighs and Dean dimly realizes that Castiel read between the lines -- he knows how fragile Dean feels, how all his walls are down and the writhing mass of his mind and emotions is exposed.  He knows and he's just offered his Feeder an out.  If Dean gives in, they'll pick up right where they left off that morning before everything went pear-shaped.  Dean's mouth falls slackly open as Castiel's savage desire begins slicing into their bond.  Dean suddenly understands something else ... he's not the only one bared to the world.  His vampire all but directly admitted that he might be feeling the same confusing attraction.  Tiny tendrils of uncertainty slither around Castiel's thoughts.
"Walk it off," he snaps.
to touch the mental hidey-holes Dean has in his head. Yeah, Castiel found a few of the big ones; the ones with the most locks, but then they fell in love and the vampire’s forays into his Feeder’s brain tapered off into simple, pure connection without the need to probe. Dean’s secret places became his own again.
. The one who denied him while taking full advantage of the Turning. He has
“Your brother has a flame in him stronger than any I’ve ever known. It’s made up of his love for you, for Singer, for your long dead father and mother … even, absurdly, for his fucking
his family even if he never sees them again.
?” Dean blurts.
I sure hope someone is still reading ...
"No no no no no ..."
“Has Castiel located my brother?” Sam asks.
Castiel hisses.
"I'm sorry, sir.  I'll clean it up.  I'll make it better.  I'll do better, sir."
,” Dean croaks.  “Don’t hurt him Cas,
is it, Dean?”
“Got any scotch?”
Bobby reaches again for his drink but the glass suddenly flies off the desk, batted aside to shatter against the wall. A shadow darts across Bobby’s peripheral vision and then long, multi-jointed digits wrap around his neck. Air becomes a precious commodity as he’s shoved back, chair and all, to collide with the wood paneling behind his desk. The impact is hard enough to knock the breath from his lungs, make him see stars and leave a sizable hole in his wall.  When Bobby’s eyes manage to focus again, he slams them shut just as quickly. It doesn’t stop Castiel from leaning close to Bobby’s face, his hollow voice buoyed on copper-tainted breath,
on this thing, let alone a new engine, right?”
Dean nods and stands with Castiel's help.  He balances on one foot while the vampire perfunctorily removes the stained boxers.  Naked, the former hunter puts one foot into the warm water and sighs deeply before sinking below the bubbles.  "Oh
The human struggles to form words and fails.  He frowns and stares at the floor so Castiel takes hold of Dean's chin.  The vampire nudges his Feeder's mind with gentle encouragement.
Feeder -- has given him a clear sign of his submission.  He intends to take Dean until the man forgets he ever
Dean thinks wryly.
does that ... not completely. He can't afford to – if he loses control and his mind slides into his lover's it could be catastrophic. But Castiel's mind is so loud ... so full of heat and desire – for Dean. For nothing but Dean and what he wants to make Dean feel. Dean's been with plenty of other partners that wanted to make him feel good but only for what they'll get in return. Until now, that's been fine for Dean – but Castiel wants to please Dean just to please him ... to make him feel as good as humanly possible. And suddenly Dean can't stop.
Dean kneels and begins to scrub at the floor.
Mike nods and turns to Castiel who suddenly wants to study the tips of his shoes.  The First chuckles.
"Um, Dr. Barnes ... my nephew?"
"Someone give me a sit-rep
Lord in Heaven, he’s worn down almost beyond even his own legendary endurance.
Castiel regrets his temper the minute Dean leaves his grip. His fingers wiggle in empty air as he tries to catch Dean’s leg.  Castiel appears beside his injured Feeder a moment later, anxiously reaching out to check for damage.  Dean flinches, his scent fearful.  Castiel leans toward him again and Dean pulls away with a soft whimper that isn’t all physical pain.  The vampire feels a very unfamiliar twinge of guilt.
Dean groaned and surged into Castiel, his hands switching between tugging at the vampire’s shirt and fumbling at his belt buckle.  A whine of protest escaped Dean when Castiel easily took hold of his wrists and pushed him back. He grinned at his Feeder’s dilated pupils and flushed skin.
Sam laughs. “Yeah. Regular chip off the Bard.”
"Oh you're just adorable."
trust me,” Castiel snarls.  He leans close. “Do not doubt that I will litter the world with corpses to find my beloved, human.  Where. Is. He?”
Castiel chuckles.  "I so stand, Dean.  Come on, I'll introduce you to our pilot.  He's new to my employment but is quite proficient."
The mist suddenly clears and Dean finds himself still kneeling beside Castiel.  Mike stands beside Jessica again watching him impassively.  The link bursts into life again and all Dean can feel is Castiel's worry ... but not about how Dean behaved.  It's about whether or not
"You just left here, Sam ... what did you forget?"
“Really, Sam,” Balthazar says cheerfully. “I thought we were past all the dark looks and heavy sighs.”
Sam snorts. “And we’re supposed to trust the man whose family has hunted down metas for two generations?”
“Dumped --” Sam fights to keep his temper in check. “Dean took a job in Phoenix. I doubt he thought they were in a long-term relationship.”
Dean blushes.
”That’s ... remarkably dysfunctional,” Mike observes.
hears again.  If shadows made sounds, Dean thinks that would be it.
Mary allows Sam to change the topic - her pup has never liked to dwell on what he considers a weakness.  She sighs and nods.
“I was old enough to know what I wanted, Castiel. And my Master keeps me because he loves me.”
Dean nods.  "Cas explained it to me."
Dean’s jaw tightens and his color darkens even further. “Don’t.”
"Yes, well, I can't say it was smart of you to walk barefoot when you knew there were sharp bits of debris on the floor."
see him …”
"Thank you," Dean croaks.  He sips slowly.
Sam’s heartbeat kicks up and Dean hears Castiel step onto the porch behind him. The vampire’s hand slides across Dean’s lower back to settle possessively on a hip. Dean rolls his eyes and glances at Castiel.
Dean inhales deeply and the sharp odor of burnt matches fills the air.  Along with a less pleasing effluvium of sex, stained sheets and body odor.  He hums softly.  "Wow. Two days ... color me impressed." Dean considers his next words.  "So does this mean ... you know what, never mind.  I need a shower."
Sam starts to feel along the damaged limb when a soft throat clearing snaps both brothers back to attention. Castiel's smile is anything but kind.
Castiel comes down a moment later, wiping at his eyes.  He sighs.  "Alright, I know ... that was rude but come on!  You're
Castiel looks at the slim crimson car, admiring its lines. “It was … this is the only red ’67 L88 produced.”
flying.
Dean Winchester is four and asleep in his bed.  He wakes to his father dragging him out of bed and pushing his baby brother into his arms.  Sam is only six months old.  Dean feels his father’s fear but he can’t feel his mother.
Dean stands and makes an abrupt motion, silencing Benny.  "I let my little brother down and now he won't even talk to me.  I'm here on your good graces because I got nothing and no one.  Balthazar thinks I'm just using you and maybe I am ... but I'll pay you back for everything.  I'll make it right."
.  Dean didn't look like a typical scholar in his jeans and band tees but their first night had been nothing but
“Do they, Dean?  Once upon a time, I’d have heard a different opinion from you.”
Huh.  Dean's no prude and he's been guys before -- sex is sex is sex after all but
Dean blushed but kept trying to get closer.  “Please, Cas … just let me -”
Dean's eyes widen when the doctor begins to move toward the door.  Sam clears his throat.
Dean’s face suddenly brightens with recognition before it darkens in anger.
.  He actually
“Dean, you may want to ease up a bit?  I think Sam is turning blue,” Castiel suggests with no little amusement.
Memories tear open.  The link is silent.
Her voice is innocently calm but Castiel can see sparks flashing in the light hazel eyes looking directly at him.  He now knows what a deer feels like with a car bearing down on it.  Castiel sinks into a chair.  He swallows hard but the bands around his chest don't ease.  The Alpha rests his elbows on his knees and slumps.
"Same here, brother," Dean replies before getting in the truck.
Dean lies on his stomach in their bed. He aches pleasantly in all the right places. He drifts for a while, remembering the previous night. It’s been … different … between himself and Castiel since the Great Reveal. Not bad different but Heaven knows Dean’s never spent an entire night
Castiel raises an eyebrow.  He looks at Sam. “I assure you … even without Dean’s extra attention, I think you’ll find my home quite comfortable and clean.”
The man shrugged with a confused sound.
“Why the long face, Dean?" Beth asks.
“That was
didn’t.  The guy who hustles pool to get me jeans that fit after I, and I quote, ‘shot up like a fucking weed’.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I’ve shattered so many humans with their own carnal desires and black thoughts I’ve lost count. They were all like me - devoid of inner light as a bucket of pitch. I took my pleasure and left them broken. Most of them ended their own lives … saved me the trouble.” He exhales slowly. “Dean … didn’t come to me willingly. I took him from his family the same way I was taken from mine. I planned to destroy him as I had so many others. I planned to toss his broken corpse at his brother’s feet.”
Dean senses amusement and affection. Beth’s mind is one of the few he doesn’t screen … her emotions and intents are honest. And kind. He waves over his shoulder as he leaves.
“Fine,” he mutters. “Be pissy.”
,” he points at Bobby. “Never saw how desperate Dean was to prove himself ‘good enough’ to you because of that. How terrified he was that you might close your door to him if he failed.”
"You clear that with Balthazar?'
clutches the bright gems of his memories of Cas close. Nicholas Ashe thinks he broke the Feeder. Thinks the human is pathetic and weak. Big mistake. Huge.  Still, in the interest of self-awareness, he admits a few things to himself:
“You two
Harvey and Mike had their own fic but I had to take it down due to too many trolls.  Maybe I’ll repost at a later date.
, Dean.  You tried to go upstairs alone, you tried to go down into the basement and you tried to
eludes him and that’s starting to piss him off. He forces himself to try and figure out what has his stomach clenching the way it does whenever Jack is upset …
"De-Dean ... he's at Memorial ... there was an accident ..." Sam replies hoarsely.  "Mom, he -- it sounds bad."
particular truth personally.  With a hand laid softly on Sam’s forehead, Mike murmurs, “Wake up, buddy. We need to talk.”
because I ain’t gonna say this twice -- I belong to Cas.  I’m his Feeder and he’s my Master.”
Dean jerks awake flailing at empty air.  For a long moment, he struggles to get free of the blankets and finally manages to toss them to one side with a disgusted grimace.  They're sodden with his sweat. His entire body is slick with it and Dean feels it running down his back.
The link sings.
"Easy, Dean ... you can't force this no matter how much you --"
.  The conversation had ebbed and flowed along without effort until the sky had lightened and Castiel had leaned in with a questioning expression.  Dean gave him that fucking crooked smile of his and Castiel was gone.  Seven months and one shared heat later, Castiel had known that he was worse than gone -- he was never coming
[Dean … don’t leave. Please?]
try me, boy.”
"If you
Dean winces and looks up at Castiel worriedly.
figure you out … how do I even know you really can’t talk?” Garth teases.
“All these years and
Castiel walks back into the house and into the bedroom. Dean is curled on his side, sobbing in a high-pitched voice.  Castiel picks out words from between the watery hiccups – ‘mommy’ and ‘Sammy’ are frequent.  Castiel sighs when he sees Dean has kicked the sheets off again.  He pulls them back over the shaking body, makes sure the I.V. line isn’t kinked and goes back out to his beer.  Castiel raises a wall between his thoughts and Dean’s so he can enjoy the moon in peace.  He momentarily regrets his fit of pique that prompted him to take on a such an annoying Feeder then remembers the muscled body.  If nothing else, Dean Winchester’s physical attributes were worthy of his attention.  He grins, his good mood restored.  If he has to endure nightly bad dreams and daily bad attitude, he plans on taking advantage of all that luscious pale skin.  Castiel looks forward to hearing Dean beg for his touch no matter how much he doesn’t want it.
The jaw-cracking yawn disrupts his mental image a little but Sam sighs gratefully when he feels a series of pops between his shoulder blades. Muscles relax and Sam stands to slowly twist at the waist and the press his hands into his lower back. He’s an avid practitioner of yoga so it’s no great hardship to work the kinks out, thank heavens.
“Shut up, you son of a bitch.”
Dean rocks slowly back and forth. He sits on a long front porch looking out across the lawn.  Castiel’s house is set a good mile back from the road and has large trees scattered around the house which sits on a stupidly large bit of land.  Dean can’t even hear cars if he strains his ears.  He was amused to learn that there are pressure sensors set into the drive that send alerts to Castiel’s phone.  A back-up precaution because Castiel’s hearing would alert him long before any vehicle got even close to the house.  It’s all private and peaceful, two things Dean knows little about.  He sighs and drinks the lemonade Castiel makes fresh daily –
“Point taken.”
Sam coughs and waves off his brother’s concern.
“What— are you—?”
“No,” Bobby begins slowly. “We sent
“I get it, Dean. I hope you have a good time tonight, jerk,” Sam says with his easy smile.
The dark-skinned man's lips curl back to reveal long pearl-white fangs.  "Don't you know who this is?  It's Dean-fucking-Winchester!  He's a Hunter!"  The blade breaks just the surface of Dean's throat.  Another low sound ripples through the air but Victor doesn't move.
Sam looks up when he hears the floorboard just outside the nursery creak. He gives his mother a wan smile. Mary’s fingertips twine through his hair and out again as she glides past to Jack’s bedside. An amber night light in the shape of a bunny glows softly on the nightstand. Mary
Castiel stops and looks at the man’s green eyes and devastating grin and feels his stomach flip.  He hasn’t been this attracted to anyone in … well, ever.  Then it registers that the man is signing.
The voice is softer because the speaker isn't right next to him anymore.  "
As Dean reaches another cluster of equipment and ducks between them, wood flooring explodes upward in front of the being following him. An angry screech fills the air and a blast of debris-filled dirt kicked up by powerful muscles pumping wings toward the upper levels blinds Dean. He curses and races for his shotgun, snatching it from the ground and racking it one-handed. The entire purpose of his mad dash through the warehouse maze had been to draw the creature away from the only other human in the building – his younger brother.
”Effective immediately.  You never have to see him again,” Mike says.
”It’s tempting. More than you know but I ... I can’t leave Cas.”
“Hey … penny for your thoughts, Cas?”
He turns a stern glare at Sam.
Dean was so easy to be with, Castiel recalls.  Alpha attraction to an Omega aside, Castiel had been astonished to find someone who knew so much about …
Yeah, he’s pretty badly injured and the barbs won’t let him heal correctly.
”I don’t think
I must apologize as I know little of physical limitations beyond what Hollywood and a little Googling have taught me.  I don't mean to offend but if I got something wrong, please let me know.
... if anything happened to you."
"Mr. and Mrs. Winchester, I'm Dr. Barnes and I led the team that just worked on your son.  Dean came through the surgery as well as can be expected.  The left side of his body sustained the worst damage -- broken ribs, arm, pelvis and femur.  Right now the biggest danger is infection from all the appliances we had to use to immobilize his skeletal structures.  Each day he'll be under strict surveillance and any visitors will have a strict infection protoccol to follow since his immune system is going to be working overtime to protect him,"  She runs a hand over her face, exhausted.  "Dean is young and strong.  He's given birth so his immune system is already stronger than it would have been otherwise.  I'm very optimistic but I want you to know what we're facing."
Robert Singer regards Castiel narrowly. “I think you idjits need to get back to work before I come over there and thump your skulls. Dean ain’t dead and he ain’t turned or you’d know it.”
Feeders to them."
The ride continues in silence but it's not uncomfortable.  Dean knows Benny means well and he appreciates his friend more than any number of words will ever communicate.  He steals a glance or two at the dark indigo Marks that border the right side of Benny's face.  When they were together in prison, Benny didn't have those marks - his face was as open and clear as Dean's or any other non-soulmated individual.  Fate brought along Balthazar a year or two ago and, in the natural way of things, they touched and the Marks appeared - on the right side for Benny and on the left for Balthazar.  The letters from his friend faltered a little while the relationship was growing but Benny never forgot Dean.
The full-face smile Castiel was most fond of broke free at this.  Dean leaned down and murmured, “All of ‘em.”
“Vampires take the essence of their Sires when turned. My early history is soaked in blood as you know. When I was human I was strong and independent but I couldn’t have struck a man dead even to save my own life. Nicholas Ashe betrayed me to my village. My … predilections … were an instant death sentence.”
Sam nods even though she can't see him.  "I know, Mom ... I know."
“Feel better?”
He’ll be more than a kept boy.
“I’m not leaving him.”
"Hell has frozen over!  Castiel Novak ... with a Feeder!”  Harvey teases.  He glances at Dean and double-takes.  "Wait, is that --"
“Castiel.”
“Yeah ... I can’t let anything happen to Sammy.  I’ll stay with Cas for as long as he’ll have me to keep Sam alive,” Dean pleads.
"Think they were gonna drag you back in, darlin'?"
The vampire looks over at his Feeder.  It doesn't seem possible since Castiel is sure he was only gone for a few minutes, perhaps a half-hour at the most,  but Dean's appearance is that of someone who's undergone
Pain. Unrelenting, it ripples through his body in waves that start somewhere around his sternum and expand outward to his limbs and extremities. It’s like having molten liquid poured over him. Dean’s pop-culture soaked brain supplies him with an image of a man being ‘crowned’ with melted gold. Gallows humor. Or insanity. Dean’s pretty sure he’s entitled to either response to his current situation.
Castiel regards the helpless human shivering on his bed and his own desire fades beside an unfamiliar instinct. He turns off the lamp and quickly undresses Dean and himself.  He folds his now-warm body around the shivering man and murmurs soft sounds that urge Dean to sleep.  When he feels Dean’s breathing settle and his heart rate find a steady rhythm, Castiel cleans and tucks him under the covers.  He starts to leave but a flash of blue crosses his mind.  Confused, Castiel pauses and realizes Dean is dreaming.  Dreaming of Castiel’s eyes and what just transpired between them.  The vampire lies down and presses himself against the curve of Dean’s body.  The human exhales and all the tension flows out of his frame.  Dean trusts that Castiel will keep him safe while he sleeps.  It makes the centuries-old being frown when he realizes he, too, wants
”And after all that time hiding who and what I am ... I realized I never really knew in the first place,” Dean swallows.  “I don’t have to be anything or anyone with Cas.  For once ... for once just being Dean is enough.  I’m finally good enough just as me.  And I don’t want to give that up.”
“Dean, you’ve straightened that bedspread fifty times … I think it goes without saying that it looks fine.”
Mary nods.  "Yes ... how did you know?"
“Hey, Mark! Lunch!”
Dean has no time to react. Castiel’s fangs slide into the tender skin on his neck without any resistance.  Dean clutches at the vampire’s arms bracketing his head, feeling like he’s falling.  The painful burning sting in his neck gradually fades into the sensation of a string being pulled out of him and Dean lets his arms fall back to the bed.  A warm tide of lethargy breaks over him and Dean drifts along with the ebb and flow of it; all concern for his personal safety or disgust at the situation dissipates into the pool of relaxation enveloping him.  Bruises, battered ribs, broken leg – his injuries feel miles away and barely noticeable.  A sigh he will deny until his last breath slips out as Castiel pulls away.  Dean blinks dazedly.  A pink tongue slides over a crimson mouth that curls into a smile when Dean unconsciously mimics the motion.  Perplexing emotions dance through Dean’s body but he can’t quite bring himself to be concerned.  A tempting rightness wraps itself around his brain, preventing him from experiencing any sense of panic or disgust at watching the dark creature before him feed.  Instead, a lazy smile breaks across Dean’s lips and Castiel mirrors it.
