That sounded like a good plan, even is his fever riddled brain.
Nothing was said out loud, then the staff received a message either directly to their ear or through their phone, and one by one began vacating the space. Others were watching and listening then. It was starting to feel more and more like he was a lab rat being observed for unusual behaviour. He looked around once again, having not seen any cameras on his initial assessment.
"Colour?" He asked, wiping away the tears from Steve's cheeks.
?" he rasped, knowing she could see the recognition in his eyes.
"I should make your voice available for satnavs." He quipped, making Steve raise an eyebrow in confusion. He was hearing one side of a conversation and wished he was a little less interested in Tony and more interested in finding Bucky. To Tony's dismay, JARVIS stayed silent. It was an odd silence, one where JARVIS knew whatever he said would be used against him as he became the new voice of 'turn left' and 'recalculating' so instead he stayed quiet, a subtle 'fuck you' to his creator.
Steve could be dead, could have killed himself, and Tony gave him the ability to do so, he might as well have taken a blunt pen knife and dug out all of Steve's vital organs until the blonde stopped breathing.
"Steve..." Tony was sat against the closed elevator doors, his head on his drawn up knees. He couldn't take this much longer, he'd been talking to himself for about an hour on and off. Switching between frantic, angry and shattered, not knowing what to do anymore.
"Er yeah, um. Bring him to the basement, you can restrain him there, leave the arm in my workshop, I'll try to visit at some point and take a look, if he has to, let Bruce look over him but don't leave him on his own, I like me cars the way they are, I don't want any dents should big green make an appearance. I have to go Clint, thanks for telling me. I'll talk when you get back. Bye." He hung up before Clint had a chance to reply, pulling himself up and stumbling toward the en suit so he could splash himself.
It was small accomplishment but he was proud regardless. There were times when not being able to remember frustrated him so much. It was as though his mind was a corridor full of rooms, each one holding a memory, some good, some bad. He was slowly opening doors, finding some already unlocked, and in them finding the keys to other doors that he then had to hunt for. Some doors had glass windows where he could see hints of the history inside, others were solid steel with reinforced locks and Bucky could only imagine what was trapped inside. It was either so horrific that his own mind had doubled the efforts to keep it hidden or it was so wonderful that Hydra had done all that they could to prevent him from remembering.
She’d existed. She’d mattered.
nor the kid
Tony eyed a particularly unstable-looking support pillar.
Friday and Jocasta’s silence said exactly what the duo thought of his half-hearted denials.
CyberLife Square lay at the heart of the Capitol Park Historic District in downtown Detroit. Wedged between Shelby and Griswold streets, the triangular public plaza took its name from the massive CyberLife gallery and shopping center dominating the plaza’s southern border.
With deviation came the immediate and irreversible collapse of the thin membrane dulling the sensory and emotional processing of vanilla CyberLife androids. With that came the all-too-human vulnerability to extreme psychological distress.
Tony’s eyes shot open. The tinny sound of gyroscopic sensors forced to load abruptly rang in his ears as he bolted upright and rushed from the room.
Mass round-ups continued nationwide. President Warren’s face was a twice-daily presence on every major news channel; the head of the Android Task Force she’d established to address the crisis had gone from unknown to household name overnight.
Until, of course, the Capitol Park raid made androids the
Never considered that his own designs were tools of oppression, not salvation.
Better isolated and alive, his children safe and unharmed, than—
At the time, both Rogers and his second-in-command (2IC), Sergeant James Barnes, were thought to have been killed in the confrontation.
“Can you get me on their comms?”
Iron Man visited the Underground station in Brooklyn. Like many of its counterparts, it was
“Avengers comms unavailable, Boss. Likely disrupted by the explosion.”
Two people, at long last, come home.
you?”
Captain Rogers turned to look at his second in command.
It was a stealth mission. For all he’d played the clandestine agent game as best he could, Tony never quite managed to master the art of
Tony swore.
“You think Hit Girl here’d want you to just, what, shrivel up and fry? No, fuck that. You wanna honor her sacrifice? Pull up your big girl britches and don’t waste your life.”
In the spare seconds it took to reroute instructions around damaged pathways and connections, Tony was, for the first time since that fateful confrontation with Obadiah, stunned.
and now you’re asking me to, what?
He was just checking that they were okay. Quick in and out. Barely even within range of their weapons and still on high alert. Ready for the twitch of a hand or hint of an attack.
A rush of air hit Tony’s exposed skin. Brown eyes widened to meet blue. Tony got a front-row seat as Steve took in first his features—the iconic, all-too-human persona they belonged to—then the unnatural blood and exposed polymers that marked Tony as Other.
“That is
There was blood, gore, and brain matter everywhere.
“What did you do with him?” Rogers demanded.
“We’ll find out, Boss,” Friday said. With it, the unspoken promise:
It’d be some time yet before someone retrieved the downed team.
“Sir? Pardon the interruption, but I’m picking up an unusual broadcast originating from Detroit currently being picked up and broadcast by all major news outlets you’ll want to take a look at,” he began.
Bucky sat himself down on the edge of the bed. He was exhausted. Exhausted of running, exhausted of the constant memories forcing themselves on him without warning. Exhausted of not being able to sleep and not being able to eat. He was exhausted of being exhausted.
Whilst he had been drinking, Natalia had sorted the drugs, waiting patiently for him to finish the drink and hold out his arm again. She quickly applied a tourniquet on his lower bicep and found a vein in his elbow. She pressed the first syringe into his flesh, pushing the sedative into his system. He felt the effects in seconds. It stung slightly as the fluid went in but that was water off a duck’s back to the asset. As it flooded around his body with each heartbeat he felt a drowsiness take over. He couldn’t feel the next three doses, his limbs heavy and weak and numb. His eyelids drooped and he was swaying a little, only held up by Natalia’s hold on his arm. When she was done, she removed the tourniquet, gently lowered him to the pillows and pulled the blankets up to his shoulders.
"Why did you take it, you could'a asked." He said, quickly flicking through to check everything was there.
"You also remember how I said it was the
"Hey sleepyhead, how you feeling?" He asked when Steve began to stir, stroking through his soft golden hair. Steve rubbed his eyes and nodded his response, checking the time.
"Sorry, I don't know why that happened. I am happy, thank you Tony." Steve sighed a shaky breath. He pushed gently at Tony's chest, only for Tony to resist. "Tony, it's okay. I'm good now." He reiterated, rubbing his pink eyes in the little room he had. Reluctantly, Tony pulled away, but stays at an arms length, just in case. "I got your top wet." Steve sniffled, poking the tear stained patch on Tony's greasy tank top, was he really in the workshop that early?
"You okay for a third round?" Tony asked seriously, he would never push Steve past his limits.
Stave shrugged a shoulder, placing another Peggy sketch in its designated place. "I figured he wasn't installed by magic, there had to be wires or something somewhere, kinda got lucky. Don't ask about the door." He requested quietly, blushing a little.
Tony understood the reasons for the rule and, for the most part, followed it. That was until they finally made it back to the tower, Clint and Natasha leaving the two backseat passengers. The air in the car was thick and heavy, as though the 4x4 itself wanted to crumple into the ground in the same way Tony knew Steve did. Tony
Tony began to gather the sketches of scenery, or ones that didn't really look like much, and stuffed them in place, placing it on the table. He waited for Steve to finish before doing the others, pressing them flatter and tucking them away. When they were done, the two men relaxed back into the cushions, Tony watching Steve intently.
“You know my opinion on that.” No, he didn’t, James would quite like to know what on earth everyone was talking about and why he couldn’t open his eyes properly. “But it could take over a week just for him to kick the infection, probably another 3 to put on enough weight for surgery, another week to recover from the surgery. If you insist on keeping this from Steve it’s gonna be over a month. I’m not a psychologist but even I know that wouldn’t be good for Steve, or for James.” So, Steve didn’t know he was here. In fairness Bucky didn’t truly know where here was.
Tony smiled softly, tightening his hold on Steve's hand in an almost protective manor. "Sure thing Steve, you want ten minutes to get ready before meeting in the garage?" He suggested hopefully. Steve nodded but then frowned, he didn't have any clothes on this floor, he didn't usually sleep on this floor. He decided he wanted to more often.
“James…?” Natalia brought him out of his head and back to reality, “We also don’t stand in a bath. That’s what showers are for. Would you prefer a shower?” She asked kindly, giving him the options he was never allowed before. Cleaning wasn’t something to be enjoyed, cold water and scrubbing was all he was allowed.
For Tony the films must have been plain dull, either that or he'd been working 48 hours straight again, as he was fast asleep on Steve's leg, one hand resting just above Steve's knee, his body curled up in the foetal position, light snores escaping his mouth with every other breath.
“Before you do” Clint started, pulling out a bottle of water from the pocket behind him and handing it over.  “You'll want to drink this first, I had one hell'ov'a headache when I came ‘round from that stuff. And I had a quarter the dosage." He informed, his voice now gentler, less cold and calculating.
. We're going to go and find our resident doctor so he can check your arm, it has to be causing you pain,”
of his head was almost as if someone was prodding him with something electrical in time to his heart, just for kicks.
Bruce’s expression morphed into something mildly impressed. He put down the tablet he was holding and stepped closer, so it was mostly just glass between them. “There was an incident. You woke up a few hours after that first went in,” he gestured to the drip, “freaked out about it and fought us. We’re lucky we took all your weapons as you clearly weren’t in a clear enough headspace to listen to any of us.”
Another couple of hours and they had a food and toilet break. Which steve utilised. He came back to find Tony lifting the corners of his A3 pad, peaking under in search for the sketch of Tony he had hidden in there.
A wave of nostalgia threatening to rip him away from reality. He refrained from pressing the button, instead reaching up and stroking the name with his thumb.
Then came the fall of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Also, first time submitting smut so please let me know if it's bad and then I won't attempt it again...
, Steve though, that was the face Steve was going to draw, the one that depicted Tony's best personality trait.
The journey back to the tower had been a long one, even by Tony's standards. Over Steve's shoulder, Clint appeared, slowing to a stop about 30 feet away. He waited until he heard Steve's cries subside before holding up keys and jerking his head toward the street. Clint kept a weary eye on the two of them while Tony struggled to pull Steve to his feet.
"Front." He decided, breathless. Tony plucked the blindfold up from his chest and raised up enough for Steve to turn to his belly, his breath hitching when his dripping erection pressed against the sheets. Tony then ran his thumbs into the large muscle at Steve's shoulders, loosening them and forcing him to relax. He had very skilled hands, Tony claimed never to have been taught anything but Steve didn't believe it. From that, Tony's hands migrated up Steve's left arm, squeezing the hand tightly before wrapping the cuff around the wrist, he then did the same to the right: rhythmic and ordered.
"Colour?" Tony checked, as he always did before they really got into it, squeezing the very damp looking flannel in his hands.
"Shit, are you okay?" His night in tight fitting armour cried, rushing over and keeping him laying down before checking his head. "Christ, you're bleeding. Wait there, don't get up." He commanded, handing out instructions as if it came naturally to him.
"Nope, I just didn't wanna wake you. I could have done though as apparently you weren't even sleeping." He chided lightly, still grinning wide. Tony rolled so he was looking up at Steve, meaning Steve's arm slid onto Tony's chest, palm settling just below the arc reactor.
"Tony? You still there....? Tony, are you alright...?" Clint's voice was like a blaring siren in the silence of the room.
The apartment block was small and homey in comparison to his tower in the central city, and it was less modern than his home in Malibu. That's why Tony had one, it was a hide out, a get away from the life of the billionaire. He sometimes took dates he particularly liked there, it was often a place he could go to escape from the press as well. He didn't have a lot there, not in his terms anyway. JARVIS wasn't installed there, he didn't have any bots, the one thing he did have was quiet. And alcohol, lots of alcohol. He was sure he had two bedrooms as well, one may or may not be filled with 'fun' toys when the need arose.
"Shit, sorry. I'll shut this up." He pulled his phone out and was about to press decline when he noticed the caller ID. Clint never called him, at least not on his phone. A few rings went by and the phone stopped ringing, Tony was left glaring at a black screen.
"Did the great Mr Stark forget to used his own technology?" Steve sassed, making Tony laugh a little hysterically: at least he still knew how to joke around, at least they hadn't lost that. Tony opened his mouth to retaliate but the phone rang again. Clint again. Shit, it was serious.
Apparently neither Tony nor Steve knew what to do when confronted by so many. There was only five people but when they were all staring it became a little difficult to do anything but be observed.
' before his knees buckled and he crumpled to the ground.
The team had also tried getting in from the outside, maybe shatter a window or two and fly in. Only problem with that was that Steve's floor didn't have any external windows the same way everyone else's did, only panels so it wasn't a random floor with no windows. Tony had designed it deliberately that way as he didn't think the 1940's Man would appreciate such a skyline, but
Tony shook his head, pulling the door shut behind him. "This suit doesn't have one, it's got better laser and small explosive systems. It's not a battle suit, more of a rescue suit, which I guess is what this is. Im assuming JARVIS filled you in..." He clarified, noting her single nod and tense posture.
TW for some: there's some medical talk in this, just a tiny but about needles. It's not too long and its consensual in nature so I hope it wont be a problem.
The soldier narrowed his eyes and sifted through his, somewhat limited, memories.
"I thought you said
Once back in the bedroom, Bucky could feel the tug of exhaustion competing with the pain growing in what was left of his arm. Clint was no longer in the room so that just left Natalia to help dress him in the clothes that he’d left. He dabbed himself dry with the towel whilst sat on the bed, pulling up the thin sweats Natalia handed him and then allowing her to guide his arm through the sleeve of the dark tank top and over his head.
"No, I don't know when he last slept, I don't mind waiting until he wakes." He replied equally as softly, looking up to see a knowing look in Bruce's eyes. "Thanks though." He added, smiling lightly. Bruce shrugged, a small 'whatever', and made his way to the elevator where Thor and Sam had been waiting.
Hey, hi, sorry... I am aware I said an update would come soon. This was sitting in my documents gathering dust and since I am an incapable human being I've only just got around to completing and sorting things out. So sorry in advance if this isn't up to scratch or poor in quality. I wanted to give you an update after having waited so long.
"Steve?" He called, stepping over the ledge and out of the small cloud. He didn't know what he expected to see but the sheer level of destruction and visible strength hadn't been it. The worst thing for him to see was the cowering wreck that was Steve Rogers, curled up on the corner of his sofa, surrounded in a blanket of sketches, some brilliant, some blackened and crumpled, some displaying horrors Tony could only ever read about. The walls had fist sized holes in them with shredded wires poking out,
For Tony to nod without any further consideration. He even escorted him there, giving him a tight hug and a chaste kiss to his jaw before waving the wounded soldier off.
All it took was for Steve to look at him with soft, glassy eyes and a pouty lip nibbled at to the extent it bled and ask:
“That was Bruce, he’s our resident medic, biologists and occasional angry giant green avenger.” She explained, only confusing Bucky more. “Basically, he’s the one who knows what strength antibiotics you need for the infection that’s making its way around your body. He also has the knowledge required to work out what nutrients you need to get you back to a functioning level of health. All of this, if you consent of course.”
"If I may captain?" Jarvis piped up, making all but Natasha jump out of their skin. It was kinda bad really; a Demi-God, an assassin, and two soldiers were shocked by a voice they all knew was there. "I believe the book you are describing is in Mr Starks workshop." He continued, almost cautiously, as though he would be punished for talking.
them, not dob me in to Rhodey." He snarked, using the stool to pull himself to his feet with a wobble. Rhodey was quick to follow, one hand on Tony's back to steady him.
"We are not going to hurt you. We want to help but the only way we can is if you let us,"
"Hey, hey... I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by it, I swear I didn't. I wasn't joking either, we have found him. Kinda I mean we have rough location and we managed to get security cameras to follow him, and so far he hasn't hidden or noticed and we can go and get him. Bring him back to the tower just like you wanted. Only you don't seem very happy, and I can't help but think I've miss read the last month and a half we've been spending looking for him. Steve please, give me a little help here." Tony rambled. It was enough to to calm Steve from violent, soul shaking sobs to small sniffles.
. "Natasha." Tony responded coolly, having been on the wrong side of almost everyone but Bruce since he left Steve alone. He brushed past her, bumping into her shoulder and frowning at her.
"Yes,
“You should get some rest now, James.” Natalia said, pulling the blankets back as far as Bucky sat and then urging him to stand so she could pull them back further.
Tony never fucked Steve's mouth, not like they did on porn anyway. When Steve asked why (cause he wasn't to keen either) Tony simply said it was 'because he didn't like the gagging noises.' Steve couldn't argue with that, he already knew how to take it all the way down and he often did, just at his own pace. In fact, Steve was always in control of any blowjob but Tony likes to pet him, like to have the ability to force him to stay if he one day decided he wanted to.
(A thousand miles distant, two androids shared a kiss that transfixed the world.)
They reemerged months later, Barnes sans an arm and plus a hard drive containing a complete enumeration of all of Hydra’s members, assets, and allies and flanked by a terrifying defector duo.
Iron Man lunged and the chase was on.
Where the quietest of all his children asked, Tony went.
“Iron Man,” Captain Rogers said, a note of… something… in his voice, “We know you didn’t kill Sitwell. We know that, so far as our intel covers, you haven’t killed
You can’t—don’t—even help yourselves, let alone some damned buckets of bolts. You lie, and you
Tony powered his foot thrusters and rocketed forward, twisting his body to take the brunt of the explosion to his heavily shielded abdomen.
Time wasn’t on his side.
they known of the man’s proclivities, they were hardly the kind to ignore cold-blooded murder in response to what was, at the end of the day, Criminal Misconduct charges via Banned Misuse of Humanoid Mechanatronics.
The violette’s empty gaze held only a single eye.
“Better wrap this up quick, then,” Tony said.
The United States of 2038 was a nation, a society, built on the backs of humanoid machines presumed to be without personhood and by extension, rights. The service economy of the late twentieth and early part of the twenty-first century was usurped by a creative economy still finding its legs.
Friday’s sharp, urgent tone cut into his efforts.
There was Tony, arm outstretched and mid-lunge in the man’s direction.
And suddenly, everyone wanted to know what Stark Industries—and,, by extension, Tony Stark—had “known” or “seen” that everyone else missed. Tony had to navigate a tightrope lest he find himself the face of “Human-First” agitation or risk his true allegiances—and his connections to Iron Man—becoming exposed.
Pepper, a VP-400 whose sacrifice made it impossible to deny.
He was content for so long to keep his head in the sand. Content to play with his own non-sentient mechatronics and whimsical forays in recreating the pioneering work of his father. All while millions of androids were manufactured, sold, and discarded like chattel.
The team just had to go and ruin that impression by being, according to all accounts and reputable data Tony could find—and he was quite thorough—genuinely Good People. Even the literal assassins. Rogers especially had the gall to live up to his reputation as a paragon of Truth, Justice and All That Is Good And Right.
one.”
Rogers scoffed.
“Protracted contact with the limb will increase the severity of the injury, likely elevating to third degree burns should the contact persist.”
“Yeah. I know. But I can’t… I had my eyes opened, and now more than ever, I can’t just abandon the—no,
Scheduled to re-open to the public in Fall 2039 on the 10-year anniversary of the storm making landfall, the space was appropriated by the U.S. Army as
Amidst the wreckage of a liberated island, Steve kissed Tony.
Quotes adapted from Markus's speech in D:BH canon.
In the grains of the strained, splintering wood, he found his excuse. And he knew that the explosion, when it came, would be magnificent.
But, before that, Iron Man had to give himself, the Avengers, and the fleeing androids enough time to get the hell out of dodge.
He said none of that and blustered, “Right, well. Of course I didn’t. Chop chop though, Barnes’s shoulder doesn’t have time for recaps.”
Then, Thor fired Mjolnir. Tony’s fiber optic circuits mapped where the electroshock projectile would land. What it would hit.
In response came only a single, steady word—
Her memory would persist far beyond this wasteland for years to come if Tony had anything to say about it. In return, Tony transmitted pieces of a map. The first would direct the now-alert Pink Traci to the downed AJ-200. The second, to one of many egress packs stashed around the outer borders of Mesquite Regional. Advanced coolant packs. Billowing beige hooded ponchos. So long as she was careful and sheltered in the hottest parts of the day, it was enough to see her through to the third and final stage of the path he offered. The first stage of a long journey he started each and every Mesquite rescue on.
"Do you remember that very special, like it must have been fate, night around oh I don't know: 356 days ago?" Tony asked, light and amused. Steve nodded, smiling softly at the memory of Tony resting on his lap so he didn't pass out.
"My names Steve, Steve Rogers." Steve answered, holding out his hand that wasn't cradling his cranium. Tony lifted his own and shook it, un-phased by the strength in it. He couldn't help but wander what it would feel like holding other parts of his anatomy.
"Tony." He blurted. "Please call me Tony." 'Mr Stark' was way too formal and too much like his father. "I'm fine, I really should be getting off your lap, wow. Never thought I'd say that. Im usually all for topping, didn't expect the conversation to turn to sex so quickly either. New record. And mow I'm rambling, great. Please shut me up. I mean hand on my mouth? Hell even knock me out, just anything to make me seem less crazy, pretty please? I'll love you fore-" Tony was stopped by the rim of a water bottle being pressed against his lips.
"What?" He mouths, holding his palms face up in an almost shrug. "I heard something." Steve mouths back, really grateful that this time of day and this area is really quiet. Steve thought that it would be nice in a summer evening in the 40's; children playing out on the streets, neighbours talking on the doorstep as they watched friendships being made, young couples strolling along on their way to the cinema or the dance club. Unfortunately for Steve's imagination, summer had not yet quite arrived and now there was a light drizzle coating everything in a layer of water, attaching to clothes and hair, pulling heat out of his body. Steve allowed himself only a few seconds of panic about the ice before the groan got louder, a small whimper escaping at the end.
"Hey, I didn't ask for it. I was born into it." Tony defended, crossing his arms like a petulant child. "Anyway, if you believed all the press then you wouldn't be here helping me now." He pointed out, reaching up and prodding Rogers' cheek.
"JARVIS, given your 'brutal  murder' on Steve's floor, could you give me an approximate date when Captain America stopped eating?" Tony couldn't figure out why yet but it was highly unlikely he was feeling fat and self conscious about his weight, maybe he just stopped being hungry. Whatever it was, Tony was going to fix it.
"That's right James...
But on the other hand, Clint said they’d knock him out. He could have a few hours of deep completely dreamless sleep. That alone was enough to make him want it but Clint had also said that Steve had taken them. He assumed that’s who ‘cap’ was at least. And if Steve had taken them then it
“I’m going to get the supplies, see if you can rouse him, I’m not about to do things without his consent.” Well, that was new, he’d never been offered consent before.
Bucky took the bottle and drained it within seconds, panting heavily once he'd done, crumpling the empty bottle in his palm.
Bucky frowned for a moment and then nodded, moving forward in the bath again so his head was over the edge. Natalia quickly got to work, tilting his head this way and that to get the right angles as she shaved off his mess of a beard. He saw it fall to the white towel and felt cleaner the more that came off.
Getting Steve into bed had been easier than Tony had thought, A little coaxing and the promise not to leave was all it took, it's not like it would be a hardship for Tony to lay beside Captain America and keep an eye on him. They ended up very cozy; Tony had started out from under the covers, perched on one side of the bed simply waiting for Steve to slip into unconsciousness. But then Steve began to struggle because he couldn't move around easily. And that was kinda how Tony ended up with 'spangly man' curled up against his side with his head on Tony's shoulder and his hand resting with fingertips just touching the reactor, it was a wander Steve couldn't detect his racing heart. Tony had never been more comfortable, sure he liked being little spoon but this was great. Steve even seemed to sleep without any disturbance for a good four hours, waking briefly in search of more warmth before drifting off again. Tony didn't catch a wink but he couldn't care less, he could nap later when Bruce was talking to Steve.
"Given the weight loss and accelerated metabolism, I would say Captain Rogers hasn't eating anything, other than the tomato soup you provided yesterday, for approximately 14 days, sir." JARVIS' deep monotone was like a comfort blanket draped over Tony's shoulders now he knew Steve was under his watchful eye.
"Yeah man, I'm good to go again." He shook himself a little, stretching his arms above his head and Steve didn't miss how he winced when his shoulder clicked. Shaking his head, Steve ducked under the elasticated barrier, reaching for his water bottle.
A shrill ring made Tony jerk and scatter the latest piles of paper, thankfully they'd only recently started a new stack and there wasn't many sheets to get jumbled.
"Come on Steve. Our ride's here." He said kindly, rubbing Steve's back as he gently pushed him forward, encouraging his lethargic steps. It was awful to see someone as strong as Steve like this, but then his recovery from the ice did seem too good to be true. It would take loosing his best friend since childhood - again - to crack the hard shell and expose the broken man inside.
." Tony questioned skeptically, quirking one corner of his mouth up.
"Ah ah ah, don't be needy. I don't like needy." Tony snarled, quickly pulling the plug out and leaving Steve bereft of any feeling, leaving him empty and wanting more. "Now, if you come before I say you can the you'll go the rest of the night without being able to, and you also won't be able to touch me. I want you to cry out as much as you need to, don't hold back. I love hearing the noises you make Steve, makes me so hard. Colour?" Steve heard the click of the lube bottle again and then something small pressed on his entrance, not pushing in yet.
"Thank you Tony... Im going to have to work hard to top this next year..." He whispered, eyelids drooping in exhaustion. Tony knew he would regret going to sleep like his but he was extremely comfortable, encased in Steve's embrace, satisfied and shattered. Nodding dumbly, Tony fell asleep to Steve saying 'I love you Tony, always.' Cleanup completely forgotten.
Thor was the first to break the silence, motioning to the box in the centre of the island.
Steve looked at Tony, who was now beside him, his brows were furrowed as he tried to look into the shadows of the ally, the stacks of crates and grey clouded sky didn't make things any easier.
"Can you sit up at all?" He asked, in response, Tony lifted up onto one elbow, plenty enough to take tablets. Steve smiled his thanks and handed over two aspirin, as well as a fresh bottle of cooled water. He watched intently as Tony took the tablets, his hand hovering nearby just in case Tony spilt anything. Thankfully, he didn't, just a small dribble escaped his mouth. Luckily Steve was there just in time to catch it, rubbing his thumb near the corner of his mouth to dry it.
"I tried..." He mumbled in response, curling slightly tighter into himself. "Most of the time it just came back up again..." He added sadly, his body feeling the energy drain, crying out for sustenance for the first time in a long time.
Once they were in the apartment it was clear someone had been there recently, the place was impeccable and there was hardly any dust around, seeing Steve's face, Tony piped up as he continued to drag Steve in the right direction. "I have someone clean it every week, I never know when I plan to use it." He explained, pulling Steve into the described bedroom. Steve's heart jumped as the large four poster came into view, the headboard had multiple bars that allowed for many different positions, the posts at the foot were thick and Steve knew they would be perfect. By the looks of things, there was a sheer drape they could release to close them off from the world, Steve like the idea of that, private and secluded but doubly so.
Usually by this point in their movie nights (often consisting of trilogies or series of multiple films, mostly to keep Steve occupied for long periods of time) Tony's toes would be prodding his thigh in an attempt to get his attention, sometimes he ask what he thought of the film, others he'd simply ask if he was alright. More often than not however it was to make some sarcastic comment about how 'the heroics of the main character were really half-assed in comparison to you Rogers'.
There was a heavy sigh, followed by light receding footsteps and the sound of an elevator door.
"No, thank you." Tony said, sitting up and scratching his jaw. "Time for you to get some sleep though, Jarvis?" He called, turning to look at Steve with a pre-accusatory expression.
"I brought you water and some food, we can take you up to one of the guest floors and help you get cleaned up. Might make you feel a little better, more
"Im just gonna grab the water and tablets, do you think you need them now as well?" Steve asked, using a soft voice as he pulled the comforter up. Tony nodded weakly, slowly relaxing his grip and letting Steve go. He wasn't gone long, Tony had barely even takes two breaths before he was kneeling by the bedside once more.
on them he could only assume it wasn't publicly used. Two vans, five sports cars, two pick-up trucks, three vintage cars parked away from the others, and the rest were just average business cars.
“Ah, good, you’re awake. I’m Bruce Banner, Doctor and the hulk.” He introduced himself, smiling lightly, though he looked tired to Bucky.
After maybe 20 more minutes of general chitchat and lazy strolling (no matter how often Tony said to go faster), they came to a halt in front of a very old apartment block and Steve remembered it in seconds.
Away from Steve.
"Since the Potomac? Really?" He asked, his voice quiet and childlike.
Tony’s hands would never be clean.
Tony Stark, then? Is he even alive?”
There, Tony spoke to Dale—a former janitorial WG-700 that brought with him a shift from the whispers of disassembly camps to the concrete of method, procedure, and place.
Friday cut in on internal comms.
After that incident, Tony dreaded his next encounter with the group. He couldn’t bear to see the mix of disgust and disdain directed at him, not so soon and preferably never again. His paranoia ratcheted up to levels, quote,
No more arguments; no impossible to believe promises; no elaborate affirmations of support and camaraderie and liberty and justice for all. Just an offer; an outstretched hand if only Tony could bring himself to take it.
they might have more in common than superficially similar manufactured origins.
underground. A descent into the cities underbelly of forgotten tunnels and maintenance shafts disjoint from projects like the Chicago Pedway and official sanction.
can’t kill something that was never alive. You can’t
His long-time secretary Mrs. Abrogast escorted the last of Tony’s appointments for the day from the room. If he was human, he’d have dropped dead from exhaustion by now.
her thoughts cried.
targeting him, Tony even found himself allied with the group, at least nominally.
Iron Man’s involvement in the Underground Light Rail was perhaps Tony’s most precious secret of all.
The Avengers themselves were out of range of the blaze, but their quinjet was far less lucky.
of androids, enslaved or newly awakened, are being rounded up and murdered in major cities nationwide. It’s a
Through it all, Tony had multiple chances to deliver a lethal blow. Even the least deadly of integrated targeted missiles could have killed Steve and ended the fight in a gory instant.
Operating under the principle of
The seventeen maintenance and security workers were long since subdued and safely tucked away a short distance from the several-billion dollar investment Tony was in the process of thoroughly eradicating. The moment he confirmed the irretrievability of the server data, Tony would make his escape.
"James, we're gonna get you cleaned up okay? You won't be alone but you'll be able to shower and we'll give you clean clothes and something to eat and drink. Even though you're in chains we don't actually think you're a threat-"
“There’s only so much I’m willing to do, Barnes. And I ain’t cleaning your balls.” She told him when he looked at her expectantly. He swallowed and looked down, it had been a long time since he’d gone near that area with anything other than underwear and the young Bucky inside him started to feel a bit self-conscious.
. As if it was that simple, counting the seconds as your lungs were deprived of oxygen. Steve would have been able to help him, Steve would have held him close so he was forced to take deeper breaths, as his general calm helped chisel away the panic.
“The quicker you accept it the sooner you’ll get to see Steve,”
“Not quickly” The first voice again, “He’ll need IV antibiotics for the infection, probably a nasogastric feeding tube so his body has enough energy to fight the infection. He’ll need to put on like 20 pounds before he can safely have surgery to remove the plates and anything internal.” Surgery? He didn’t want surgery.
Steve swallowed and looked back at Tony with worried eyes, this was gonna be the death of him, Steve was beautiful, even when he was run down, skinny and had bags under his eyes.
"Bruce said this would help, it’s a high enough dosage to knock Cap out for a couple hours do it will definitely work on him. Might give him a few hours of solid sleep" Clint explained. Bucky mentally went over the pros and cons of having the drugs. He didn’t want any more drugs; he’d been pumped full of drugs for 70 years. He didn't think he could deal with anymore.
"You want me to wake him?" Bruce asked quietly, Tony would take it better from him than anyone else. Steve shook his head, resisting the urge to run his fingers through Tony's hair.
"Stark!"
"This is... There aren't words Steve. This is phenomenally good, I want to frame it and show it off but at the same time I want to hide it away and keep it for myself..." Tony trailed off, his words reaching Steve's heart.
"You actually drawn anything yet or have you been too awed by my good looks?" Tony asked, shocking Steve out of his thoughts and into the liquid chocolate pools that were Tony's eyes. His pupils bleeding into his iris, now just a thin ring surrounding an abyss of black.
"Yes okay, alright. Than you, thank you so much." He beamed, going to hug Bruce and then deciding against it, choosing to pat his shoulder instead. Making his way back into the kitchen, Tony managed not to rush straight to the elevator, nodding his 'hello' and snatching some sugar covered pastry swirl from Thor's plate. "I'll see you later, if you need me, ask JARVIS to tell me and I'll come to you. I have... Work. Sam: thank you. The rest: be good. These are great Thor, you should fly to France every morning!" He decided, slipping into his usual demeanour as he backed away toward the elevator. Once he was safely inside, Tony hung his head, groaning and hovering over the buttons.
Tony slipped the gauntlet on his arm, flexing his fingers and pressing buttons as he strode over to his 'spare crap' box (at least that's what it said on the side). Digging through until he was almost half inside the box itself. Rising with a triumphant 'ah ha!' when he found what he was looking for.
Natalia made it sound like he had a choice, which maybe he did but he wasn't about to decline the offer, that would be rude. Also, he might get the chance to apologise, he might bump into Steve and...
Bucky took the water graciously, noting how it wasn't a screw top. He could just open it with his teeth and drink. He downed it in two goes, panting heavily and feeling very glad that it was sitting right in his stomach. He handed the bottle to Clint's waiting hand before laying back fully against the sheets.
= yes.
did it hurt. Tony was complaining completely throughout, earning lots of apologies from Steve MD. After that, came a dry cotton pad, drying it off and keeping pressure on it. He then reached for a squeezey tube about half empty, it looked a little like a toothpaste tube but Tony suspected it was far from that.
“Clint’s got a point, Nat.” Clint, that was his name… Bucky really wished he could open his eyes.
After that he didn't really know what. He's only ever gotten as far as seeing him, never moved past that and despite the opportunities he never had any idea what to do next. Natalia and Clint were patiently waiting for a response when he could be getting clean. The food and drink were added to Clint's load so Natalia could begin to remove the bindings when he nodded.
"Are you sure, you feel pretty tense to me." He accused, speeding up his movements. Steve was already over the line but he was holding on so tight.
"In my apartment?" The man asked skeptically, leaning forward to look down at him.
Tony was lucky enough to have JARVIS wake him before they dug their claws in. Either that or he just passed out into an alcohol induced coma for 15 hours.
, Tony nodded, figuring it would be best to get it over and done with. A wave of exhaustion came over him, one that he was familiar with but not one he enjoyed. He wasn't looking forward to this. The Assassin won't know what hit him.
Stark’s words hurt worse than anything that Hydra had done. If what Stark was saying was true, then Bucky had let Stevie down again. And now he wasn't being given the opportunity to make it right.
“I hate to say it, Nat, but he’s got a point.” Clint said gently. There was a thud, and more footsteps, someone landing maybe? “You saw how wired he was last night, he’s in no way reasonable right now. Give it a few days and if he doesn’t listen to you then we go ahead and tell Steve anyway, he can’t exactly stop us.” He points out.
"JARVIS?" Tony questioned, hoping the AI had thought for him and told the group to be quiet about their houseguest.
Tony gradually became more paranoid, Natasha threatening to castrate him slowly in his sleep didn't help that either. In fact, Clint and Sam had become very hostile towards Tony, not that he could blame them, Steve could be dead for all they knew and it would all be Tony's fault.
A shorter woman stood behind him to the side, shoulder length curly red hair, arms folded, clearly strong and powerful despite her size. She was also glaring, but it was softer, her eyes held something else.
"Tony. We need to leave. Now." Steve said urgently, resisting the urge to grab his shield and run straight to Bucky. Even it it meant scaling buildings and running through walls. Tony didn't even argue, he just grabbed a magnetic tracker and a mini repulser just incase Bucky became the assassin once more.
Freezing and wet, droplets dripping from his filthy knotted hair onto his cold skin. Wait.
"I have less of a refraction time remember?" He joked, forcing Steve onto his back and laying upon him. "I'm gonna restrain you now, if you need out just say. Ooh, how about a blindfold?" He chirped, pressing soft kisses to Steve's neck, who's eyes had lit up at the mention. Surprisingly, this was something they hadn't tried before, blindfolding was never suggested and now the idea of it made Steve's cock jump.
“Your cat? You have a cat?” he asked, slightly bewildered and clearly tired. “We found you in an alley, there was no cat.” He told him, in case he needed the reminder.
Steve waited longer than usual for Tony to return, he had begun to grow concerned when he heard footsteps coming toward the bed, after hearing the sound of cloth against skin he felt Tony's hand underneath his skull, tilting it upwards. "Drink." Tony ordered softly when Steve felt the rim of a bottle at his lips. Cool water ran into his mouth and he eagerly swallowed, it soothing the slight soreness that had come from crying out so much.
That's where the 're-enforced' came into play, whenever they'd done this in the past wood had simply splintered in two and metal bent, rendering it useless (Steve hadn't intended to do that but he worked long and hard on his body, the adrenaline and endorphins apparently heightened his strength...).
"We found Bucky." He blurted, giving Steve a burst of blinding panic. Shooting upright, staring dead in Tony's worried eyes, heart thudding against his chest, lungs constricting, unable to get the right amount of oxygen into his body. He clutched at his shirt with one hand, his ruffled hair with the other in an attempt to stop the shudders taking over his body. Seeing the drastic change in him, Tony crawled up the bed, straddling his lap and taking both Steve's hands in his. Smooth, strong curves cradled in calloused palms.
“Can’t…” Bucky said, his voice low and pained.
Bucky wasn’t sure how long he’d been out and what had changed in that time, but clearly Clint had done some reading if he was taking this approach. He still internally flinched when his hand was grasped, but found he was able to lightly squeeze it.
"Bruce should be able to help you out with that. Will you let us hook you up to an IV until you have more energy?" She asked, tenderly running her fingers through the last of the knots before shampooing it. Bucky had no idea who ‘Bruce’ was but he nodded anyway, knowing he had little other choice.
"No... I should be there. Hopefully he won't run off this time..." Steve mumbled , wanting nothing more than to be able to hug Bucky, to talk to Bucky, to have him where he belongs. "Tony... I know I usually pair up with Nat but would it be okay if we went together today?" He asked tentatively, he hadn't broken down like that in a long time, especially not in front of someone. He didn't want to risk it happening again in front of someone else.
"Stark, what are you doing?" Natalia asked outright, not being careful.
"No sir, I-i can last." He panted, he would try his hardest, he hated dissapointing Tony. He swallowed hard and clenched his eyes shut when Tony took Steve in his palm, grasping him tightly as he stroked.
"Tony, where are we going?" Steve asked after the third turn into downtown Brooklyn. It was their year anniversary and Tony said he had a 'surprise' for him; Steve always got a little nervous when the brunette mentioned 'surprises'... Especially since Tony suggested rock climbing and ended up breaking his leg. They hadn't done anything of the sort again, as much as Steve kinda wanted to.
Instinctively, Bucky reached under the back of Natalia's jacket and pulled out the knife he somehow knew was hidden there. He hadn't seen her put it there, and it hadn't been visible at all. This was learned, muscle memory. Unfortunately, his confusion about the knife meant Clint was able to swiftly kick it out of his hand, it clattered on the dark wooden flooring and under a cabinet out of sight.
"You gonna watch me all night captain handsome?" He asked groggily, his voice thick and deep with sleep. Steve rolled his eyes, moving his hand to rest on Tony's shoulder.
"You're drunk" he repeated, as if Tony didn't already know. "Where do you live, I'll give you a ride." He offered, although he hadn't yet removed Tony's hand and his voice had softened further, less surprised and possibly even pitying. When Tony didn't answer right away, the man before him sighed and walked away, off towards what Tony could only assume was the kitchen as he emerged with a bottle of water.
Ice, there was only ice, he couldn't go back in the ice!
. The floor was covered in shards of glass and china, some had patches of blood on them and Tony was willing to bet that his skin had healed around missing fragments. The smaller sofa had been upturned, stuffing spilling out of splits here and there. Broken pencils littered across almost every surface, snapped in twos and fours.
"Okay, this is gonna be worse, you might wanna hold onto something..." Steve cautioned, sounding very guilty indeed. Tony did just that, grabbing onto the first thing he could see: Steve. Luckily the man in question didn't comment and just got to work. The pad was lifted and then Steve's fingers were pinching the skin together. If that wasn't bad enough, he began to feel a burning sensation across what he could only assume was the wound.
Panting and sweaty, both men began to laugh, a sated laugh that summed up their relationship; beautiful and fun. Tony pulled back enough for Steve's shaky legs to fall to the bed before he reached up and undid the cuffs, simply collapsing in the puddle on Steve's chest. With his arms now free, Steve was able to do what he loved most: hold Tony. His strong arms trapped the billionaire against him as they came down from their mutual high.
"I have something I need you to attend to..." Tony growled, scraping his nails down Steve's back, making him shudder and arch into the touch. "But first there's something you need to be wearing." He added, his voice light but tone challenging. Swiftly, Tony got off the bed to rummage around in the draw in which Steve could only assume were the toys. When he returned, Tony was holding a small cone shaped plug that was no bigger than maybe two fingers. Steve made a move to sit up but Tony pushed him back down, reaching out and grabbing the lube before resuming his position behind Steve.
"Tony, it's okay, I'm gonna be okay, this is me accepting help." Steve croaked, his voice surer than Tony had heard it in a long time. Tony sniffled and came back to himself enough to wrap his arms around Steve's slightly more bony back, he was really gonna have to do something about that.
"Okay, you're right. If I didn't want help I wouldn't have responded. I mean you probably would have blown the doors down anyway but at least then I would have reason to be pissed that you were forcing me. Im not saying it's gonna be easy but I will get better. It took a while before I accepted there was something wrong, ever since the Potomac I've not been good Tony. I should have said something sooner. Im sorry." Steve clarified, it sounded almost rehearsed.Tony didn't know what to do, just sort of stood looking up with his hand in Steve's, frowning at himself.
"Yeah, just business." He lied, reaching out to take half the stack and resuming his position. It was gonna take Steve a while to get back on his feet and they couldn't wait forever to tell him but it could wait a few days. They'd let both super soldiers get a little healthier before re-introducing them. That was fair, right? Tony tried to tell himself it was.
"Umm, thanks?" Steve guessed not knowing how else to react, this hadn't ever happened to him before.
"Do not worry sir. All is well." He assured, Tony could never not be grateful for JARVIS.
Steve would have believed them more if he'd heard them talk more, in the space of nearly 5 hours, there had been very little communication. The only conversations happening between films or during breaks, and they were usually centred around the plot anyway. Either that or he had been too engrossed in his art to notice. Unfortunately for Steve it was probably the latter.
Bucky just watched, astonished at his own actions. He hadn't been the soldier...he was still Bucky. Those actions were his choice, even if it was instinctual muscle memory.
"So, do I get to know the name of my hero?" He asked conversationally, trying to redeem himself with compliments. The guy above him snorted, apparently he disagreed with his title.
The room he entered was a large simple bedroom with a connected bathroom. The room had two walls that were full length windows with a city scape of sky-scrapers and office blocks. The bed could comfortably fit three and looked like it had never been slept in. The carpet was soft under his bare toes and the colours were simple whites and greys. Nothing like Bucky was used to, even before the war. Luckily the lights were dim so they weren't too painful and offensive.
Bucky’s attention was immediately drawn back to Bruce, his eyes wider and more vulnerable than before. The man was leaning forward now, elbows on his knees. Bucky couldn’t help the flinch, briefly seeing Pierce’s body in front of him.
Bruce heaved a heavy sigh, taking his glasses off entirely and tucking them in his pocket. “I’ll see what I can arrange…” He pulled one of the chairs over and walked towards the side of the cage with the bed, setting the chair down and waving a hand at the bed. “Might as well make yourself comfortable. It’s clear you’re far more aware than you were when you first got here, I have questions.” He states, adopting a comfortable position himself.
Next came the blindfold, closing Steve out from the rest of the world, shrouding him in darkness and filling him with anticipation. He felt Tony get off him, instantly shivering at the heat loss. The drawer opened and closed and Tony returned, only this time he was between Steve's legs, sitting crosslegged by the feels of it. In this position all of Steve's most sensitive spots were exposed; the soles of his feet, the backs of he knees and the inside of his thighs. Tony never abused his advantage, only teasing a little and never doing anything that could cause real pain.
"I need you to assess Steve. Like properly. You and Birdbrain 2.0. Please? He slept okay last night but before that he got about 2 hours and before that he collapsed. JARVIS doesn't think he's eaten for about two weeks, there was hundreds of sketches Bruce, I'm not even exaggerating. I need to see the arm and I need to see Bucky. I think Steve needs to be benched, like formally. We've been lucky not to be called out as a team but if we are, Steve needs to say here, he can help but he can't fight until he gains like 80 pounds of muscle, at least. Maybe Natasha and Clint can spar with him or he can just use the treadmill, I don't know. I need to go though Bruce, please will you do this for me?" Tony let all the information out, nibbling at his thumb, and waiting anxiously for Bruce to answer.
"I... Thought that they were quite close, and that, while they have conflicting personalities, they should still be together." Steve said, feigning knowledge of the subject. Poorly, apparently as Tony burst out laughing, having to pull his knees up in a ball as he held his stomach and gasped for air.
Bucky decided to do as he was told and quickly cleaned himself up. As he did, Natalia went to the cabinet and pulled something out that Bucky currently couldn’t see. Once he was done, he placed the cloth on the side of the tub and waited patiently for his next instruction.
“Yeah, and you’re a brainwashed assassin.” He smiled in a no-nonsense way, shooing Clint out of the way and taking his place, setting the tray on the bedside table. “So, you have an infection and need antibiotics, you’re seve-“
"Let's go then, don't have any time to waste." He growled, pulling Tony into the block and letting him take the lead.
"Let's go home, Steve." Tony said softly, his voice caressing Steve's shoulders and tearing the tension to shreds. Home, somewhere Steve belonged.
"Come on James, bathroom's through here. You mind if I help you or do you want Clint?" Natalia asked, waiting by the door for Bucky to follow. He shook his head and hurried after her as quick as his uncoordinated balance would allow, ignoring the displease sound coming from Clint.
Tony investigated the team in turn. He started with their commander and quickly discovered that the Avengers were no normal elite combat or special forces unit. Captain Steve Rogers was a decorated war hero best known for leading his then-team, the
That split second of stunned inattention made possible by that inconvenient
Trouble found him in the form of a flicker of movement caught by his suit’s sensors and Friday’s alarmed interruption.
[SYSTEM ONLINE.]
Steve’s voice was so
“Tentatively cleared but for Sgt. Barnes. We’d need a short-range scan to verify, but at minimum there appear to be second-degree burns on the connective tissue adjacent to his prosthetic. Recommend immediate prosthetic removal, gentle wash with twenty degree room temperature water, then loose bandaging until professional treatment can be obtained,” said Friday.
she was going to clean out the space one of these days. She’d sworn this for twenty-one years and counting.
Seventy-five minutes more to encounter the second salvage of the day. This time, it was a deviant pink-haired WR-400 “Traci”—the popular female-coded sex doll. She, too, was unusually intact with her crushed voice box, rattling esophageal component, and a thick slash across her face broken only by a scavenged optical unit. The collection of dismantled WR-400s and HR-400s around her testified the source of her comparative wholeness.
A hole in the ground. Within, metal rungs fade downward into darkness. A sewer tunnel access seemingly sans the sewer.
The thought brought with it an impossibly heavy feeling. The weight of it all, impossible to ignore; a physical presence in the space between them. And Tony—
This time, it wasn't even Tony's fault.
Minutes later, another door slid open with a pneumatic hiss to reveal a disheveled Tony on one side and a wary Captain Rogers on the other.
Ellis Island.
C. Everhart
to deal with the overwhelming influx of android detainees following the November 7th broadcast and subsequent demonstrations.
The Avengers never showed.
Rogers clearly hadn’t come prepared for a fight. He was out of uniform, dressed in worn jeans, faded t-shirt, and sturdy work boots. Scans revealed that he lacked even a cell phone on his person, let alone any of the advanced gadgetry and hardware that were part and parcel to the Avenger aesthetic.
Tony did all he could, but he was only one man. Android. Person. His children, JARVIS and Friday and Ultron and Jocasta, brilliant as they were, lacked the finesse and intuition honed over decades of experience. They could ill afford to draw attention to the Scrapyards. As it stood, only Mesquite Regional’s geographic isolation enabled Tony’s semi-regular visits.
Another deviant, he suspected. One who hadn’t eluded the data purge stage of decommissioning.
Awareness gave way to a complete, defensive hibernation.
But also:
It was just another mission. Another encounter with the Avengers, another scene in what had become a game of cat and mouse. Just an ordinary raid, a follow-up to his North-Central attack, this time targeting CyberLife's southern data center in Mississippi. Another hack-and-slag when everything changed.
Something short-circuited, damaged or overloaded just enough to send the suit in one of its many emergency failsafe shutdown routines.
Its macabre mission came to an abrupt end when, the day after Steve and Tony agreed to work together, the Avengers landed on the island.
(A suicide.)
“Captain! What a pleasant surprise!” Tony greeted, repulsors primed but not yet pointed at the man. “If you don’t mind, my horoscope this morning warned of an agoraphobia-induced brain hemorrhage should I stay out too long. I’m starting to feel a bit of a tingle in my prefrontal cortex, so…”
She knew as well as he did that there was a full minute remaining before the final rack was naught but not-quite-literal ash.
The first thing that hit was the smell. The pungent, inescapable scent of burned metal and ozone from innumerable androids chassis. The lucky ones were fully decommissioned before transport. Far more common were the damaged and cannibalized but still, to some degree, functional. From them came the second hit: the sound. An interminable, humming undercurrent of mechanical groans and the whir of overclocked and overheating fans.
Without the literal yards of concrete and earth between himself and the surface to dampen it, the destruction might level Midtown in its entirety.
But as infuriating as the delays may be, Tony found himself almost… looking forward… to the encounters. A few times, when the target in question was unequivocally Bad News or the Avengers got themselves into a spot of trouble on a mission that
Tony found her catatonic and curled around the wiped shell of a purple-haired WR-400 that was functional only in the sense that its thirium heart was, technically, still beating.
To this day, he wasn’t entirely sure if he escaped or if the Avengers had simply… let him go.
His HUD flickered then died, leaving Tony abruptly blinded.
Three delicate, precious syllables pulled back from the precipice. Caught now in an immortalized chrysalis.
—sent his way on such occasions.
Descend.
Tony asked after sending the android on her way. He skyrocketed from the Scrapyard, and made a beeline for an entrance to the relatively nearby, long-abandoned and largely collapsed gold mines.
The Avengers might just become the greatest threat to it all.
Despite his disadvantages, Steve held his own in their game of cat-and-mouse. He appropriated the inner hub of a sealed manhole as a seventy-five pound shield against Tony’s attacks.
A segment of the wallspace slides away to reveal a crawl space just big enough to give a single person access to…
. Whatever mercy or restraint the Avengers might have shown in earlier encounters, Iron Man’s actions expunged whatever mitigating capital he had with the group.
“I am the real— Oh. Yeah, okay. That’s fair. I can see how you’d think… I mean, it makes sense, more sense really… Cap, I’m the real Tony Stark.”
“Let us—let
them either. They made his job more difficult; about one in three times they managed to mitigate, if not outright stop, whatever plan he enacted.
Tony froze. It took a moment, and Friday’s reminder, to connect the name, Sitwell, with the memory of that fateful night with the Avengers. And the idea that he didn’t have a body count? Ludicrous. At the very least, he’d killed dozens in his escape from the Chop Shop. He’d killed Stane with his own hands. And if one counted the thousands of androids that
