“You know,” Cas said, peppering kisses over Dean’s neck and chest, “everyone in that bar was staring at yours all night.  These jeans are indecent,” he finished, getting his hand around Dean’s cock and stroking.
The song ended and as though the spell were broken, Cas reached one hand up behind Dean’s neck and crashed his lips to Dean’s, knocking his hat off in the process.  He snuck the other hand into the back pocket of Dean’s shorts and grabbed a handful of his ass.
“Ben will figure it out.  It’s pretty clear Cas cares about him, too.” Sam paused. “Are you guys - moving in together - permanently, I mean?”
Dean smiled at the remembered conversation.  He was still worried about Cas, but he’d packed enough weapons and ammo to take down a small army, raiding Bobby’s supply.  They were about a day out from Fort Garland, and so far the summer weather was holding out for them.  Cas was a better rider than Dean had expected.  He and his palomino, Grace, seemed to have an instant connection.  Astride his own mount, a beautiful black thoroughbred mare named Baby, Dean struggled to get himself into a position that took pressure off his leg but didn’t put it onto his ass which was unaccustomed to riding after the bed rest.
Cas’s entire back arched back and he groaned, muscles seizing up and coming all over Dean’s chest. And that was it, Dean thrust once, twice into Cas’s body and came buried deep.
Dean didn’t realize he’d unconsciously moved closer to Cas as he was speaking. They were only a few inches apart. Dean’s right arm was stretched across the back of the seat and it would be the easiest thing in the world to cup Cas’s face in his palm and pull him in.
Dean licked and mouthed the long line of Cas’s throat and pushed a leg between Cas’s.  Cas ground down on Dean’s thigh, gasping for breath.  Cas must have remembered Dean had a thing for having his ears licked because when he felt Cas’s hot tongue in his ear he almost creamed his pants.  He took a step back from Cas, his hand still on his shoulder.
The next two hours were a blur of making one drink after another and avoiding being groped by the increasingly handsy customers. Finally it was last call. The bar cleared out but Gabriel talked Chuck, the owner, into staying open to serve the performers.
Dean reached Cas’s room and twisted the doorknob.  To his surprise, he found it open.  Damn it, he’d have to warn Cas about that.  You couldn’t trust people.  Dean crept toward the bed and the prone figure on it.  Before he knew what hit him, someone had pinned both his arms behind his back and there was a knife at his throat.
Castiel sighed and relaxed into the space between Dean’s chest and shoulder.  Well, maybe he could have this moment, anyway.
Dean huffed.  If only Sam knew the irony of his statement.  Figures.  First person he’d liked in forever and it was Ben’s goddamn favorite teacher/hero.  “I never stop,” was all he said.
Dean sucked in a breath. Dammit, he shouldn’t have left them out. He must have forgotten to put them away the other day before he left for the garage. He cleared his throat which felt tight for some reason.
Cas grabbed the pole up high with his right hand and twirled his body around first away and then back toward the audience letting the wings open.  He wore a simple white t-shirt and white track pants with double gold stripes down the sides.  Cas danced around the pole sometimes gripping and swinging his body and other times just bending around it.  He stretched his arms wide and bent back against the pole opening his chest and arching his neck.  Cas slid to his knees with his arms wide and then clasped together behind his back.
Dean smiled at the memory even as he struggled to get his kilt to cooperate.  He’d chosen a green-based plaid with stripes of sky blue and thinner, intersecting stripes of gold.  Paired with a plain black t-shirt and his ancient combat boots and leather jacket from his punk phase he supposed he didn’t look too ridiculous.
“I see,” Cas answered.  “My apologies, Dean.  My brother and I - our upbringing wasn’t exactly...conventional.”
Cas nodded and pulled the blanket over his lap.  He rubbed a hand over his face and cleared his throat.
“Ho-ho-ho, have you been naughty, boys and girls?” Gabriel asked.  The crowd cheered.  “Or have you been nice?”  The crowd cheered louder.  Gabriel seemed to consider this.  “Well, I don’t know, kiddies, but this next act is both so naughty and so nice...please welcome to the stage The Angel-” the crowd roared at the mention of Cas’s stage name, “with special guest, The Demon!” Gabriel finished.  He exited through the curtain, bowing.
, he thought. “It’s good to see you again. You look -” his eyes scanned up and down Dean’s frame “- well.”
He checked his reflection in the mirror. He looked tired. He was tired, he thought. Well, that was as good as it was gonna get, he supposed. Dean grabbed his keys from the kitchen table and headed out.
Warning for language and I guess "diet smut."  So it's not too heavy yet but, yeah, it's gonna happen.
Dean moaned and Castiel licked his lower lip and then drew Dean’s tongue out.  Castiel sucked on Dean’s tongue and let him push him onto his back so that Dean was lying on top of him.  He wrapped his leg around Dean and thrust up as Dean thrust down.  Castiel slipped his hand under the waistband of Dean’s trousers and grabbed a handful of his ass.  Dean moved to suck Castiel’s throat and began unbuttoning his shirt.  With each button, Dean tasted and teased the skin revealed.  He slipped the shirt from Castiel’s shoulders and ran his hands over his chest.  Castiel gasped a breath as Dean bent to lick and suck first one nipple and then the other until Castiel felt like he would explode if Dean didn’t touch him.  Castiel clawed at Dean’s back and shoulders.  Dean continued to work his way down, dipping his tongue into Castiel’s navel.  He locked eyes with Castiel as he unbuttoned his trousers.  Castiel lifted his hips as Dean pulled the fabric from his body, freeing his aching cock.  Dean stared down at him.  Castiel raised himself up on his elbows.  Dean lowered himself and taking Castiel’s cock in his hand, he ran his tongue around the head.  Castiel collapsed back onto the bed and arched his back, groaning.  Dean took more of Castiel into his mouth and began a rhythm, bobbing his head up and down and hollowing his cheeks, his hand working in tandem with his mouth, his tongue driving Castiel mad with need.
Dean has some fun with Cas while Ben is away at summer camp.  I wrote this because I think we all feel personally victimized by this gif:  http://jensenpositive.tumblr.com/post/150450514525/stardustsam-because-jensen-in-shorts
Cas just stood there and let himself be hugged, holding the whiskey glass away from their bodies, so he wouldn’t spill.
Cas sat up so fast he slipped off the seat and landed in a tangled heap on Baby’s floor boards.  Dean sat up, letting the blanket slide down.  He reached down and hoisted Cas up to sit next to him.  He moved to put the blanket over Cas but Cas jumped away.
Dean slipped a hand behind Cas’s back and pulled him flush, his hand on Cas’s ass.  He kissed Cas slowly, tasting him and stealing the breath from his lungs.  Cas pushed at Dean’s jacket and he pulled back, shrugging it off and flinging it away from them.  Cas pulled at the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, stripping it off his torso but leaving it around his wrists.  He twisted the t-shirt until Dean’s hands were bound.  Then he pushed Dean back until he felt the bed behind his legs.  Cas shoved lightly at Dean’s shoulders and Dean let his body fall back, his bound hands extended and stretched above his head.
He turned to face Cas and put one booted foot up on the coffee table, hooking his thumbs in the waistband of his pants and thrusting in Cas’s general direction.  Just as the vocalist got to the refrain, Dean unbuckled his shiny rodeo-style buckle and in one smooth motion he’d been practicing, he pulled the belt all the way through the loops and flourished it like a bull whip before tossing it to the side.  Cas sat up straighter and gripped his own knees, knuckles white.
“Fine,” Dean said, pouting.  He knew that the warrant would require proof of death they’d be unable to attain if Alistair and crew were in tiny pieces. But oh how he wanted to forego the constraints of the law on this one.
Sorry for the delay with this part! It's been a hectic couple of weeks with the holiday and the SPN finale hitting the fandom hard. Love you all and thanks for reading. Thinking there'll be an epilogue :) but this wraps up the plot part of the story, yay!
“You what, Dean?” Cas spat.  “You think I’m just here when you want me?  You think I’m just yours to use when you feel like it?”
Castiel continued the timbre of his voice rising and falling with the verses of the poem until Dean felt as though he were in a hypnotic trance.
Cas ground against Dean’s leg and snuck a hand into his front pocket.  Long, nimble fingers sought their prize and grazed against Dean’s cock through the soft cotton.  Dean moaned into Cas’s skin.  Cas withdrew the keys with one hand.
Castiel inhaled.  He dropped the journal.  “No,” he exhaled and grabbed Dean’s face between his hands.  He crashed his mouth into Dean’s, parting his lips to lick and nip along Dean’s mouth.  Dean gasped and Castiel wasted no time in shoving his tongue in to get a taste of this annoying, beautiful, tempting man.
He gripped Cas’s hip tighter and turned so that his lips were next to Cas’s ear. “Britney? Really, Cas? That outfit is ridiculous,” he growled.
He worked Cas over, tasting and sucking at his cock, licking the underside and watching to see what got the most response out of Cas.  When he gripped Cas and focused his attentions on sucking the rest of his cock as hard as he could, hollowing his cheeks, Cas’s eyes rolled back in his head and Dean felt his grip tighten on the back of his neck.  He felt Cas’s balls start to tighten in his other hand and he pulled off abruptly.
“Fuck, yes,” Dean said and grabbed Cas’s hand, dragging him in the direction of the back door. He thought he saw Gabriel smirk at him on his way out, but he wasn’t sure.
Dean felt his dick stir at the sound.  Goddammit.  Would he find everything Cas did sexy, he wondered.  He shifted his legs apart and turned to plate up the food.  He set a plate of food down in front of Cas and sat across from him, gathering his nerve.
Sam spread his hands in a placating gesture.  “Alright, fine.  But whatever happened, can’t you just, you know, explain and ask for a second chance?”
Dean didn’t know how to handle this.  He was accustomed to chance encounters and lucky happenstances when it came to people he was attracted to.  He was ill-equipped to deal with living with someone he was attracted to, add to that he was essentially physically dependent on Cas and yeah, Dean was a bit of an emotional mess.  Cas, God bless him, didn’t push.  After their time together and Dean’s revelation, he simply went on about his business.  And that was almost harder for Dean to account for.  He wanted Cas, of course.  He replayed the scenes of Cas’s debauched face - hair standing on end and lips swollen after Dean’s kissing and mussing and the sound of Cas saying his name when he came nearly every night, gripping himself and moaning low into his pillow.  He toyed with the idea of climbing the stairs and indulging in some fantasies he’d been picturing, would Cas be willing.  But the fact that Cas had seen Dean at his worse and hadn’t run screaming - well Dean just didn’t know what to do with that.  He was used to being the stable one, the one who kept it together and kept fighting, for Sam.  So he did nothing.  Real healthy, Winchester, he thought to himself.
“Wait,” he tried, his voice a harsh whisper.  “We should wait,” Dean tried again even though everything in him screamed to just take Cas right there.
The song ended, and Dean immediately recognized the next one. Thank God someone had broken out of the late 90s playlist and put on Sexy Back. He sprang into action, striding toward Cas. He turned toward the girl Cas had been dancing with. Leaning in he said “Mind if I cut in?” gesturing toward Cas. She just shrugged and backed away.
Dean's POV.  Dean wakes up in a lot of pain and vows revenge on Alistair.  But first, he needs to heal.  Luckily Castiel is there to help.  Oh and there's poetry.
He swayed and moved to one stupid dance song after another. Gabriel kept his glass full and before he knew it, he was a bit drunk. He heard the riff of ‘Honey Bee’ come on again. And Cas was right there - his eyes piercing through Dean. This was a bad idea, some tiny part of his brain screamed. He motioned Cas closer with his hand. He stepped up to Dean, impossibly close, his antennae drooping and his mask long gone. Dean took his hands and placed them on either side of his neck. Cas sighed and slid even closer, rubbing his body against Dean. Dean settled his hands on Cas’s hips.
Dean handed Castiel his crutch so he could lean against the counter, freeing his hands.  He tore the envelope open with shaking hands.  He looked at Castiel.  “They found him, Cas.” Dean said, his voice low.  He handed the telegram to Castiel.
The bell on the cafe door rang, snapping Dean out of his reverie. He stood and Cas’s eyes met his. Cas’s entire face lit up and Dean felt the answering reflection on his own face. Cas bypassed the order counter to walk over to the table Dean was holding.
“I’m sure we can figure something out,” Novak interrupted him. He met Dean’s eyes. “Ben, is a very bright kid. I have more students than I have time for that need extra tutoring.” He looked at Ben. “Ben, what do you think about picking up some tutoring after school? You could work out of the library here on campus. I’m usually there until 6pm.”
Three weeks later, Cas moved in with Dean and Ben.  He’d moved out over the holidays to get his things in order, give Ben time to adjust, and sort through who was going to take over his lease responsibilities with Gabriel.  In the end, Meg, Cas’s sometimes dance partner, agreed to sublease the place.  Dean gave the Meg/Gabriel roommates situation two weeks, tops.  He figured they’d either be screwing by then or they’d kill each other.  Maybe some of both?
“What am I gonna do, Sam?” He looked at his brother.  The thought of disappointing Ben twisted his guts and the thought of losing Cas made his chest ache.
Dean slammed Baby’s door and took the steps up to Sam’s porch in a single bound.  He raised his hand to bang on the door, looking down at his boots.  His fist landed on empty air.  Sam dodged out of the way and let Dean regain his balance.
“My apologies, Dean,” he said.  He helped Dean hobble over to the bed.  Castiel pulled down the blankets and helped ease Dean’s weight down to a sitting position.  Dean shifted to lie down on his back.
“Yes, Dean!” Cas shouted and came over Dean’s hand.  Dean followed.  He was convinced there was nothing sexier in this world than Cas coming undone.
Milton was trying to force Cas to resign rather than fire him. Somehow that would attract less attention and save the school’s reputation from being besmirched by having to fire a teacher; at least that seemed to be Milton’s reasoning. Dean hadn’t known what to do after Milton caught them, but he’d had a moment of insight and called Sam. Sam had picked up Ben and told Dean to look after Cas. He’d talked to Ben briefly this morning, filling him in. They’d decided it was best if Ben stayed home with Sam and Jess.
A few moments later, Dean heard Sam walk up behind them.  “Is he all right?” Sam asked.  Dean turned and looked at his brother.  Sam held his hat in his hands, the concerned expression on his face knitting his eyebrows together.
“Please tell me you made coffee,” he heard Cas grumble from behind him.  Dean turned and smiled at the sight of Cas, hair going in every direction, wrapped in his pale blue bed sheet.  His anxiety was temporarily abated by Cas’s adorable grumpiness.
Dean was totally NOT picturing Cas in nothing but the Pilgrim hat and booty shorts.  He cleared his throat.
Dean tried stepping toward Ben again.  Ben didn’t recoil this time, but he kept his face turned away.
Cas touched his shoulder and turned Dean back to face him.  “You just what, Dean?” he asked quietly.
“I am expected to plan both a bridal shower and a bachelorette party as well as write a toast and generally make sure the rest of the bridesmaids are in line and on time the day of.” Dean was learning that Cas’s monotone deadpan delivery was his way of expressing indignance or sarcasm. He smiled to himself.
“I could -” Castiel started.  Dean watched him swallow and shuffle his weight from foot to foot.  “I could read to you.  After therapy.  If you like.”  He looked down as if afraid of Dean’s rejection.
“Whoa there, Doc,” Sheriff Singer said, placing a steadying hand on his shoulder.  “Why don’t you go clean up and get some rest and we’ll watch over Dean for now.”
“He let Sam go,” Dean continued.  “But the minute he had me tied up, he sent one of his goons after Sam to kill him.  Thank God Sam outran him and then managed to get the jump on him.  I almost got my brother killed, Cas.  I swore to protect that kid and I didn’t Cas.  I didn’t.”  Dean didn’t realize he was crying until he felt wetness on his cheeks.
As he entered the studio space, he noted the beautiful hardwood floor and mirrored wall. Notably absent was and Jess’s maid of honor who he had yet to meet. He had to admit curiosity was getting to him. Dean thought about the few things he knew about her - he knew her name was Cas, which he assumed was short for Cassie or Cassandra, and that she was an accountant who had helped Jess found her own non-profit legal defense organization.
“But, Sam, maybe you didn’t hear me - I.  Have.  Dynamite,” he reiterated, smiling and wiggling his eyebrows.
Cas set him down and started pushing him back toward the bedroom, one hand pulling at the button of his jean shorts. “Thank God for Summer Camp,” Cas said.
Castiel yawned in sympathy and felt sleep start to tug at him.  “Yes, Dean, it was.” he said.  “Go to sleep, Dean.”
“Fuck, Cas, not gonna last,” he said.  He slipped the hand that was not gripping them down the back of Cas’s shorts and brushed his fingers over his hole.  Cas shuddered and came with a grunt over their hands.  He licked into Dean’s ear and that was it.  Dean shot off like a bottle rocket.
“You won’t hurt me, Cas.  You saved me.  You saved me twice and a million times over, Cas.  You’re not a monster, Cas - you’re my angel.  I trust you and I forgive you, Cas.  Alan would forgive you too,” Dean answered.  He leaned forward and brushed a hand over Cas’s cheek.  He kissed him, gently.
Dean took it and turned to Cas, sliding the ring onto his finger.  He gulped.  He’d spent hours writing and memorizing his vows.  He forgot everything the minute he locked eyes with Cas.
Cas looked up from the map he’d been studying.  “According to this map and Sam and Bobby’s reconnaissance, this area is a dry river bed leading into a bottleneck canyon,” he said pointing to an area on the map.
Cas moved back up to kissing him, his mouth demanding. Dean could barely keep up. He worked to untie Cas’s shirt and when he finally succeeded he slipped it from Cas’s shoulders. Dean leaned back, surprised.
Dean mixed the disgusting appletini, garnished with a green apple-flavored lollipop the way Gabriel insisted it be served.  Dean handed it over and Gabriel left him with a wink.  Dean turned to his right to serve the next customer and it was Cas and his dance partner.  And holy shit ‘The Demon’ was Meg from Thanksgiving.
Dean swallowed.  Normally he enjoyed provoking folks and getting a rise out of them.  But Dean was quickly learning that Cas could be intense and a little scary when provoked.
The minute the door was shut and locked, Cas shoved Dean up against the wall of the second-floor bathroom they’d ducked into. He ran his eyes up and down. Dean felt Cas’s gaze like his hands were running over his body. He shivered under the intensity.
Dean just sat there, watching the door open, swallow Cas, and close. He was too stunned to be angry.
He felt the adrenaline rush out of his body.  Castiel sank to his knees, the rifle still in his hand.  He saw Dean turn from tying an outlaw’s hands to look up at him.  His smile was a fierce thing to behold, a flash of white teeth in a face masked in dirt and blood.  The full realization of what he’d done slammed into Castiel’s consciousness.  His hands trembled and he dropped the rifle.  He doubled over and retched onto the grass.  What had he done, he thought over and over, dear God, what had he done?
Dean sighed and moved the ice away from his face so he could look his brother the eye.  Damn, he was gonna have a hell of a shiner tomorrow, he thought.
Dean made plans with Sam to pick Ben up from the school Halloween party and for him to spend the night with Sam and Jess. Dean would be shot after the 10 hour shift the bar wanted him to put in and it was far enough away from home he thought he’d most likely crash in Baby before driving back to pick Ben up the next day.
Dean shook his head.  “You don’t understand,” he said.  “Alistair is a sadistic bastard.  He finds someone’s weakness and he exploits it.”  He rolled back to look at the ceiling.
He tried to be patient, he really did.  But one night Dean finally snapped.  After one of Cas’s iterations of “Go away, Dean,” he got right in Cas’s face.
Dean smiled.  Castiel shivered.  There was nothing kind or gentle in that expression; it was the expression of a predator, intent on capturing its prey.
He looked through the tiny gap in the blinds covering Milton’s office window. He saw Gabriel pull stacks upon stacks of documents from his briefcase, and set them on Milton’s desk. Milton gesticulated wildly and Dean could hear his muffled raised voice. Surprisingly, he couldn’t hear Gabriel’s answering shouts. Instead all he heard was a low, steady answering timbre.
Dean picks up another shift at Bottoms Up! Cas and Meg perform a dual routine and Dean goes a little crazy with jealousy.
“Alright, alright,” Dean said and swung the door open wide and nearly dropped his beer.  Castiel and Gabriel stood shoulder to shoulder on Sam’s doorstep.  “What -” was all Dean could say.  His brain couldn’t figure out the situation.
“You like her, like, you like-like her,” Sam said confidently.  He considered that a minute.  “Or him,” he added.  “You lurve him,” he said, teasingly, sing-songing the word ‘lurve.’
Dean watched as Cas straddled him and he sucked in a breath and closed his eyes when he felt nimble fingers tugging on his fly.  He lifted his hips and let Cas pull his jeans and boxers down around his ankles.  He was about to sit up and protest that he still had his damn boots on when he felt Cas’s hand around him and his tongue licking a stripe up the underside of his dick.
He grabbed a rag and started polishing the already-clean surface of the bar harder than was necessary.  When he looked up, Gabriel had somehow materialized right in front of him.
“Castiel.” Dean tried the strange name.  “That’s a mouthful after callin’ ya ‘Doc.’  What about if I call ya ‘Cas?’” he asked.
“Heya Cas,” Dean answered. They didn’t hug, but Dean went around and pulled the opposite chair out for Cas.
Dean plunged his hand into the warm, soapy water, withdrew a clean plate and handed it to Cas.  Cas rinsed and wiped it dry before setting on the counter top.  Dean was lost in thought when he absent-mindedly handed a dish to Cas and his fingers brushed over Dean’s.  Dean pulled back suddenly and would have broken a dish if not for Cas’s reflexes.
“Son of a Bitch!” Dean yelled, more scared than angry. He glanced toward the passenger side door, afraid of what he’d see.
Cas laughed so loud and so hard that it gave Dean the giggles, too. They climbed into Baby, laughter-induced tears streaming down their cheeks and drove to Sam’s.
“I was wrong,” Cas continued. “They cut off my funding. I had no idea what I was going to do. I loved studying. I wanted to major in the classics then get my master’s in theology. I considered becoming a priest.” Cas shook his head. “I was such a fool.”
They did talk about it - about them and what to tell Ben - after showers and a second attempt at breakfast.  Over re-warmed coffee and bacon, Dean reiterated his desire for Cas to stay.
Dean felt the hairs on his neck stand up and tried unsuccessfully to avoid picturing Cas in antlers, a red nose, and not much else.
Dean pulled Cas out the back door of the bar and over to his car.  He crowded him up against Baby and put his arms on either side of Cas’s shoulders, hands resting on Baby’s roof.  He moved in and nosed along Cas’s neck, pushing a leg between his.
“I reset your leg and closed your wounds.  But there’s still a risk of infection,” Novak stated.  “For now, you need rest.  And water.”
He slid one hand up from the suspenders to cup the back of Cas’s neck and kissed him. Cas sighed into the kiss and opened for Dean, his hands coming to rest gently on Dean’s hips. Dean lifted his other hand to Cas’s cheek, tilted his head to one side and turned the kiss filthy. Cas moaned around his tongue and Dean felt his dick twitch in response. Dean pulled away to kiss down Cas’s neck and over the bowtie. He worked on sucking a mark into the space just below the tie and above Cas’s clavicle. Dean slid one side of the suspenders to the side to access Cas’s nipple and then licked and bit gently at it. Cas gasped a breath but before he could release it, Dean pulled the other suspender side back and snapped it against his chest, right over his other nipple. Cas exhaled his breath like he’d been punched in the gut and dug his nails into Dean’s waist.
Three hours into his shift at Bottoms Up! and Dean had been propositioned about 8,000 times. He smiled to himself. Nice to know he still had it, he thought. He looked out over the crowd, packed around a makeshift stage and pole the owners had set up. They were having “entertainment” tonight he’d been told - a mixed gender drag/burlesque group with campy acts that were all the rage in the local scene. Not that Dean had any idea what the “scene” was. He was either working, sleeping, or falling asleep on the couch next to Ben most weekend nights.
Dean tossed and turned in his small bed.  He should be sleeping.  They had a few more long days of riding before they were ready to enact Cas’s plan.  Plus they had to recruit a few deputies or bounty hunters tomorrow.  He didn’t anticipate that would be a problem, though.  Sam and Bobby had been scouting while waiting for them.
Castiel settled back down next to Dean.  He felt his cheeks burn with embarrassment when he recalled his behavior the previous evening.  He wasn’t sure why Dean had curled up with him last night, but he was not in a mood to question it at that moment.  It had been a long day of rounds and house visits and near the end of the day, he was called in to doctor those hurt in a bar fight.  Castiel sucked in a breath, remembering.  The youth, no more than seventeen, was dead by the time he arrived.  Gut shot, he’d bled out waiting for Castiel.  Not that Castiel could have saved him had he been faster.  But looking at the dead boy’s face and vacant eyes brought up ghosts Castiel thought he’d buried.
“Yes, Castiel.  I CAN read.  Besides, I’d already read The Scarlet Letter and that windbag Melville's fish story.”
“Ben is doing very well, Mr. Winchester,” Cas cut him off, his voice emphasizing the Mr. part of addressing Dean.  “In fact, I have zero complaints or issues - about Ben.  Do you have any questions?” he asked, avoiding Dean’s eyes, his voice cold and distant.
“I’m sorry I hurt you, and I know it can never happen,” he offered, quietly, “but I just wanted to tell you that I like you.  You’re smart and stubborn and hot and annoying as hell.”
“Alright, Dean, I’ll see what else I have.”  Castiel turned and walked into the front room.  A few moments later he returned with what looked like a small well-worn book in his hands.  He sat down on the stool near Dean’s cot.
Castiel felt like he was coming apart at the seams.  Dean had worked up to three fingers when he brushed against his prostate.  Castiel tried to warn Dean, but he shot so hard he didn’t have time to do anything but ride out his orgasm.  “Dean!” he shouted at his peak.  Dean swallowed some but then he pulled off and stroked Castiel through it.  Dean leaned up and planted a kiss on Castiel’s slack lips.
“Dammit, Dean, it’s okay to get some help.”  Sam stood and turned away.  He turned back to Dean, a smirk on his face, “when’s the last time you got laid?”
Castiel answered by leaning forward and gently pressing his lips to Dean’s.  Dean kissed him back.  They traded kisses until both were breathless and Dean pulled Castiel to him again with his left arm.
“May I?” he asked Cas. Cas nodded, once. Dean took Cas’s hand and spun him around then pulled him close, hands on his hips. He swayed his hips to the music and ground into Cas letting him feel how Cas’s outfit was affecting him. Dean felt Cas let out a breath and he tipped his head back on to Dean’s shoulder. Dean rubbed his cheek along Cas’s neck and breathed him in. Jesus, he smelled good, thought Dean.
“Cas,” he said, gripping and shaking him by the shoulders.  Cas did not look at Dean or respond.  Dean felt his pulse and ran his hands over him to check for any wounds he couldn’t see.  Nothing.  Cas was breathing; he appeared uninjured but he was just - gone somehow.  Dean felt panic well up in his chest.  He pulled Cas onto his lap and cradled him in his arms.  Dean could feel Cas’s heart beating; he could feel him breathe, but his Cas, the Cas he loved, was locked away somewhere inside himself.  Cas lay there limply, seemingly unaware of Dean holding him.
The morning after.  Dean and Cas argue for no reason and then get hot and heavy in the kitchen.  Then they have a conversation about their "relationship" and what to tell Ben.
Dean nodded and grabbed his keys, not bothering to remove his coveralls. He hadn’t yet replaced the upholstery in the ‘67 Impala he’d been fixing up, so he wasn’t too worried about sullying up his baby. Plus, he was late to the meeting having only gotten the message half an hour before he was supposed to get Ben.
Cas froze and Dean snapped his head to the side. It took his brain a minute to process, but then the realized the voice belonged to Zachariah Milton, principal of Ben’s school and Cas’s boss. Goddamn it, he thought.
Dean had no idea how he’d let Cas talk him into this.  He felt like an ass as he tugged on the hem of his kilt and walked up the steps to the sorority house.  Sure the Delta-Delta-Delta’s spring party was the “social event of the season” as Cas had said but did it have to include a “twist” this year?  Dean recalled how Cas had casually informed him they’d be going and that Dean would have to meet him there because Cas wouldn’t have time to come home after his Thursday night poetry workshop.
“Nonsense! Utter bullshit!” Gabriel said with mock indignation. He called over his shoulder “Chuck - hefe - hoss - GOD! - Paging GOD! - get your ass over here!”
Cas collapsed with all the grace of a marionette who’s strings had been cut directly onto Dean’s chest.
“Mr. Novak,” Principal Milton said, “I was just trying to explain to Mr. Winchester what happened with Ben today.”
Sam looked at his hat, held in his hands and then back to his brother.  He shook his head.  “But we got another lead,” Sam said.  “Word is Alistair’s gang has been spotted up near Durango.”
Out in the crisp night air, Dean paced back and forth, trying to remind himself to breathe.  He didn’t know why he was so goddamn pissed but he almost wished for a fight to break out so that he could hit someone.  He kicked at an empty bottle on the ground and it hit the brick back of the building and shattered.  He turned back to pace away from the glass and nearly ran into Cas.
Dean moved his hand to cup Cas’s face.  “Please, Cas,” he whispered against Cas’s lips.  “I need you.”
Dean rounded a corner and finally managed to shoulder his way through the crowd. Someone put a shot in his hand and he downed it without thinking. Tequila. That’ll do, ladies, thought Dean. Finally catching a glimpse of the dance floor his eyes were drawn to a shapely pair of legs wrapped in thigh-highs. Dean followed the legs up, taking in the gap between the top of the stockings and an indecently short black, pleated mini skirt which barely covered what could only be described as the best ass he’d ever seen. Dean watched, mesmerized, as the ass moved fluidly, thrusting and shimmying to the beat.
Dean takes Cas home.  Smut ensues.  Warning for all the smut and language. This is mostly doin' it folks, so you can skip it if you don't like that sort of thaang.
Dean just nodded. He reached for the bottle of whiskey to pour himself another. The whiskey was burning warm in his stomach and he didn’t feel like stopping.
“I’ll be right with you, Hun. You can go on into the studio and stretch out a bit. Your partner’s here already!”
“He’s losing a lot of weight, Dean,” Sam said as Dean watched the sun set through the window in Cas’s apartment.  Dean sighed.  He knew; Cas’s body was frail, skin and bones, and Dean could now count every rib when he bathed him.  The days were getting shorter, autumn had brought cooler temperatures but Dean worried about winter and whether Cas would be able to survive it in his state.
“Mmm,” Cas murmured between sucking on Dean’s tongue and nipping at his lips, “you’re not so bad yourself.”  He reached down to cup Dean through his jeans.  Dean pushed into his hand and grabbed ahold of his muscular ass.
“I’m not into it, either, but Jess insisted,” Sam said. He rubbed a hand through his hair and Dean idly wondered if he could talk him into cutting it for the wedding. “It’s the one thing she insisted on for the wedding, some kind of family tradition. I mean, you know I’m asking her to have the ceremony in Lawrence, and everything. And well, I just want her to have something that’s familiar.”
“Oh my God, Jess! I’m so excited for you!!! Is that the ring, let me see it! Regina said it was a full karat! Sam you must have saved for years!” Dean thought she might pass out if she didn’t pause to take a breath, and he wasn’t thrilled by the not-so-subtle dig she tacked on to the end of her rant.
“C’mon, fellas,” he said, “let’s chat outside,” his voice gentle. Cas threw Dean a look, but he didn’t even have to make eye contact to know this quiet stoic demeanor was out of character for Gabriel.
“I love him, Ben,” Dean said and heard Sam’s sharp inhale as Ben turned to face him. Dean put his hand on his son’s shoulder. “I haven’t loved anyone but you and Sam and Jess for so long, not since your mother-” he found he couldn’t finish the sentence.
“Cas - don’t get me wrong, man,” Dean started, “I want to.” Dean looked at Cas’s lips, ripe and full.  “I really, really want to, but I-”
Castiel watched Dean swallow.  “You know how broken I am, Cas,” he said, “and you didn’t run; you waited.  And after last night...well, I reckon you’re a bit broken, too.”
Cas shook his head. “Unfortunately, whoever is helping the judge cover his tracks is doing an excellent job.”
Betty, who was probably old enough to be Dean’s grandmother, rolled her eyes. “Save it, Winchester. They’re in there.” She nodded her head toward Principal Milton’s office.
“You need to eat, Dean,” Doc said simply, handing over a plate and sitting in the chair next to the cot.  Dean took a fork from him after balancing the plate in his lap, away from his bandaged left arm.
Milton cleared this throat. “Well, the policy on academic dishonesty is very clear. We have no choice but to exp-”
Cas stood.  “I’ll help clean up.  I should make myself useful after such a wonderful meal.  Sam, Jess, thank you, everything was amazing.  I especially enjoyed the mashed potatoes.”
Gabriel released Chuck and took the drinks from Dean and left him with a wink. Suddenly he seemed more in control of himself than he had a minute ago, Dean thought. “Alright, everybody - maestro - let’s get fucked up!” he yelled at the top of his lungs.
“Yes, Cas - you’re being a selfish prick,” he yelled.  “So you screwed up.  Punishing yourself isn’t going to bring Alan back, Cas.  It won’t change what you did.  But you can try to do some good with the time you have, Cas.  That’s all any of us can do.”
“My father left my mother and us for another woman,” he said.  “He had another family the whole time.  My mom found out and told him to choose.  He chose them.”
Dean looked at the block numbers above the double glass doors of the brick building and back down at the card Sam had given him. This had to be the place. He finally spotted “Arthur Murray Studio” in white lettering on a black background, partially obstructed by mini pumpkins and fall decorations.
No sooner had he sat down and shut the door when Cas was on him, in his lap, grinding against him and devouring his mouth.  Fuck, he was gonna cum in his pants if Cas kept this up, he thought.  Cas pulled at his shirt and sucked at his neck.  Dean lifted his arms and let Cas strip the shirt off of him.  Cas ran his hands over Dean’s bare chest, stopping to tease at a nipple.  Dean stifled a gasp.
Dean's furnace goes out.  To save up for a replacement, he picks up a shift bartending at a gay bar.  On Halloween.  One of the "performers" captures Dean's interest.
It hadn’t gone well.  Dean didn’t know what he’d expected, but Ben running out the back door, slamming it, and taking off to God-knows-where wasn’t it.
“That’s right!” Ben said.  “He’s taught me more history in two months than most teachers cover in a year.”
Screw it, he thought and got out of bed as quietly as possible.  Wearing only his shirt, Dean snuck out of his room toward Cas’s.  Thank God his room was at the end of the hall across from Dean’s.  Despite his still healing leg, Dean was quiet when he wanted to be.  Years of hunting to help feed himself and Sam and years of tracking down outlaws had taught him that.
“That’s the idea,” Cas said as he settled into place. Dean moved his hands to Cas’s hips, but Cas grabbed them and placed them above his head with the clear message - stay. He reached behind Dean’s neck and gripped his hair, almost tight enough to hurt.
Castiel got up and looked back down at the scene unfolding in the canyon.  Alistar and his man pointed their guns at Dean who in turn kept his trained on Alistair.  It was hopeless.  If Dean shot Alistair, his man would not hesitate to shoot Dean.  Castiel could imagine Dean wrestling with the choice to sacrifice himself.  He knew what Dean would do.
Dean rode up the ridge to Cas and saw him lying prone. “Cas!” Dean shouted, “Are you hurt?!”  He dismounted Baby and ran to Cas.  His beautiful blue eyes stared blankly ahead and vomit trailed from his mouth to puddle in the dirt.  Dean couldn’t see any sign of injury.  He bent and looked Cas over.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and held him while he cried.  He was so angry he shook with it.  When Dean could breathe again he said quietly to Cas’s shoulder, “Sammy and I only made it because Bobby saw the smoke from his place and showed up with a posse ready to put out the fire.”
“What the fuck does that mean?” Cas demanded.  Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen him so pissed off.  Well - maybe the first time he saw him and nearly ran him over.
Dean pulled him in by the hips and opened his mouth, kissing back.  Cas tasted like coffee, but he didn’t give a damn.
“Now,” Cas said, “You’re going to lay there Dean, and I’m going to ride you until I come.” Dean thought the show might be over too fast if Cas said anything else.  Cas leaned over, keeping his grip on Dean’s hair, his lips a hair's breadth away from Dean’s. “And if you come before I do, I will be very...vexed.”
He swallowed once and Cas had his hands under his arms and was hauling him to his feet. Cas’s lips met his in a sloppy kiss. He wiped one hand over his still leaking cock and then gripped Dean, stroking him hard and fast and just the way he knew Dean loved it.
Castiel swung his leg over Dean’s right leg.  He sat back on his heels and stared down at Dean’s cock.  His mouth watered.  He looked back at Dean who was watching him with hooded eyes, his chest heaving.  Castiel reached down and gripped Dean loosely, stroking him from root to tip.  Dean gasped and arched his back, pushing himself further into Castiel’s palm.  Dean grabbed his bicep with his right hand and pulled Castiel down so that he could kiss him.  Castiel released his hold on Dean to catch himself with his hand on Dean’s chest.  Castiel shuddered and gasped as their cocks brushed against one another.  Castiel felt Dean wrap his arm around his hip and squeeze his ass.  He moaned into Dean’s mouth and Dean pumped himself faster against Castiel.  Castiel covered Dean’s mouth with his hand.  “Lick,” he said.  Dean took Castiel’s thumb in his mouth, nipping at the pad before sucking, hollowing his cheeks around it.  Castiel threw his head back, his mind thinking of the other things Dean could do with his sinful mouth.  He released Castiel’s thumb with a pop and began licking broad stripes across his palm.  Castiel gripped them together in his wet palm, squeezing and pulling.
Dean nodded.  He wiped the back of his hand across his face.  He looked down again.  Dean could count on one hand the number of people outside of Sam and Bobby who he’d told about his past.
“You, Dean Winchester, are insufferable,” Castiel continued.  “I healed you.  I care for you.  I feed you.  And you push and push and push,” Castiel punctuated each ‘push’ with a poke to Dean’s chest.  “What more do you want from me Dean?”
Cas shivered but moved to the opposite end of the couch, throwing a frown at Dean.  “I want to finish the movie,” he mouthed.
“I couldn’t sleep either.  I missed you,” Dean said.  He moved to embrace Cas.  He nuzzled his nose into Cas’s neck and breathed him in.  They’d taken advantage of the free baths the hotel offered with room rental.  Cas smelled amazing - like himself but with a hint of sandalwood and sweetgrass.  Cas gasped as Dean tasted him to see if he tasted as good as he smelled.  He did.  Dean was instantly hard.
All the fight flew out of Dean to see Ben’s defeated expression. He put an arm around Ben’s shoulders and looked at Novak who had pulled over another chair and sat down next to Ben.
“Sam!” Dean said.  Or rather, he tried to say.  It came out more like a rasp.  Dean opened his eyes and blinked.  Two concerned faces looked down at him.  He relaxed when he saw Sam’s worried puppy expression but the other face he didn’t know.
Sheriff Singer and Sam Winchester crowded into the small space.  They looked more road weary and rumpled than usual.  And a bit dehydrated, thought Castiel.  He stood to fetch the men some water.
“We trade sections at semester break when Ben’s elective history class is over.  I won’t be his teacher after Christmas.”
“Gotta clock out early, man,” Dean said. “Ben’s got into somethin’ at school and I gotta go down for some kinda ‘behavioral check in’ or whatever they’re calling it these days.”
He looked back at Dean over his shoulder. “Don’t mention it. You can repay me by being a more conscientious driver.”
“Nothing, I just - well I never thought Gabriel would be our ‘knight in shining assless chaps,’” he said.
Mr. Novak had added a black windbreaker to his running ensemble, covering up the black and yellow striped tank top, but Dean could still see mud splattered on his track pants.
Dean smiled and slapped Cas roughly on the back.  “Good thing we have this brilliant strategic mind on our side!” He watched a blush creep up Cas’s cheeks and he knew from experience that same blush ran down his chest.  Dean shifted in his seat, now was not the time, Winchester, he chided himself.
“Was worryin’ about you,” Dean offered.  “Besides, your bed is more comfortable than that damned cot.”  Dean pushed his hips against Castiel causing him to gasp.
“I’m okay with it,” he said.  “Ugh, Dean, like that -” he added when Dean shifted his grip slightly.
He made a half-hearted attempt to grab the box of tissues next to his bed to clean them up.  Cas laughed at his attempt.  He retreated to Dean’s tiny attached bath and came back with a washcloth and cleaned them both up.  He settled back down next to Dean.
“Duh,” Gabriel said.  “No Dean, we can’t WAIT.  Our mother is coming to visit in January for God-knows-why this year and we need the bathroom reno done before then.”
Castiel woke precisely at 6am, ate exactly one egg he fried himself, and walked one lap through downtown before having one cup of strong coffee at Harvelle’s and then returning to the clinic below his tiny apartment. Castiel worked from 7am to 6pm at his clinic or doing home visits, and then he repeated his morning ritual in reverse. Except instead of coffee he sometimes drank rotgut whiskey, until the edges of his vision blurred.  He did not earn much doctoring the trappers, miners, whores, and general variety of outlaws in the frontier town, and most of what he earned, he drank.  He felt lucky, however, to have found himself in a position where he could continue to practice medicine.  And the townsfolk were willing overlook the fact that his hands often shook after a long day and he sometimes (always) drank too much.
Castiel flinched at the deadly promise in Sam’s voice.  He knew the Winchester family had history with Alistair’s gang that went beyond Dean’s injuries.  Even though he’d hinted he’d like to hear the full story, however, Dean had not been forthcoming on the details.
He shifted slightly, trying to get some feeling back into his arm.  Cas stirred and smiled in his sleep.  Dean couldn’t help smiling too; he was adorable.  Cas slowly opened his eyes and blinked at Dean.  Dean watched his brain come online and then the realization of who he was with and what had happened flashed across his face.
Dean thought as he read the business card Sam handed him with the name and address of a dance studio on the southwest side of Kansas City. He looked up at Sam.
“Oh no you don’t,” Dean threw his napkin on the table and stood.  “Don’t you dare use Ben as an excuse to get out of this.  If you don’t want to be with me, that’s fine, but be a man and say it.”
“Dean--this is how you ended up like this, remember?” Sam asked, gesturing at Dean’s bad leg, propped up on an empty chair near him.  Dean could hear the exasperation in his voice.
“No, but ah, well I was wondering if Cas could maybe come - live with you and Ben?  Just for a couple of weeks,” Gabriel added.
“Maybe you should,” he continued.  “I mean - we read to him, right, and we know he hears it.  Maybe if he heard you reading them, he’d wake up.  I mean,” Sam ducked his head and scratched the back of his neck, “he might wake up and never want to talk to you again.”  Sam dropped his hand and shrugged.  “But at least he’d be - well, he’d be Cas.”
“You bring him in here accusing him of cheating and scare the crap out of the poor kid-” Dean was in full righteous tirade mode.
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
“No Sam, it’s not just that I don’t dance, it’s that I am so far from being okay with dancing that I’m the town in
Dean moaned.  “Jesus, that feels good, Cas,” he said.  Castiel growled as Dean’s hand on his ass tightened.  Then Dean squeezed his left hand around Castiel’s gripping their cocks.  Castiel rutted frantically into their hands; he was losing himself.  Dean felt so good against him.  He didn’t realize he was moaning out “So good, so good” with his eyes closed in an endless stream until Dean slid the hand on his ass up to his hair, tugging lightly but enough so that Castiel opened his eyes to look at Dean.
Dean’s head ached and his mouth was drier than Arizona in January.  But something warm was wrapped around him and it was snoring so softly it reminded him of a purring cat.  He sighed contentedly.  Dean cracked open his eye and blinked against the bright sun.
The moment Dean closed the door, Cas was on him.  Their lips met and Cas crowded Dean up against the back of his own front door.  Dean had no idea why that was so fucking hot, but his blood rushed south so fast he felt dizzy.
Dean nodded, his green eyes turned to steel.  “Alright, but I’m gonna hold you to that.”  He looked at Castiel.  “Doc?” he asked.
Cas came back to himself, and to Dean, one tiny step at a time.  He remained quiet but he started caring for himself and the periods where he locked himself away grew shorter and less frequent.  Dean refused to leave Cas alone but he started helping Bobby and doing his job again, trusting Sam to watch over Cas.  One night after they’d eaten supper and Sam had gone home, Cas brought one of his journals back to the table.
Cas moaned around his tongue and Dean found himself backing Cas into the kitchen counter.  He pulled away from Cas’s mouth to suck and bite at the column of his neck.  Dean bit down gently on a mark he’d made last night and Cas sucked in a gasped breath.  Dean soothed the bite with his lips and tongue and he felt Cas melt against him.
Cas gripped him suddenly around the waist and stood up.  Damn, Dean knew Cas was strong, but he didn’t know he could manhandle him.  He...liked it.  A lot.
Dean had stopped breathing.  He’d expected poetry or something flowery from Cas given his reading preferences.  Instead he got Cas’s raw, honest feelings.  It was perfect.
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
At first, all Castiel could see was a cloud of dust coming from the north side of the canyon.  He stood a few yards behind Ryan on his right, partially covered by brush.  Castiel remained quiet, not even notifying him of his presence, so as not to disrupt Ryan’s attention.  Ryan, for his part, lay on his belly, watching the dust cloud through the scope on his rifle.  Castiel watched as three riders emerged first from the dust cloud, riding for the south side of the canyon, whipping their mounts into a frenzy.  He smirked to himself.  They’d be getting a nasty surprise when they hit the newly flooded river.
“It’s not your fault Dean,” Cas said, his hand turning Dean’s face toward him.  Cas waited.  “What happened to your leg, Dean?” Cas asked finally.
He woke to pain.  Pain like he’d never felt before.  It stole the breath from his lungs and conscious thought from his mind.  He tried to reach for his gun and open his eyes simultaneously.  A gentle, but firm hand pressed his shoulder down.
“No, brother,” he said. “All kidding aside, you’ve always been there for me. You are a good person, a great teacher, and my best friend, and-” he looked down, breaking eye contact, “I love you, okay? And I’m not going to let that asshole fuck with you or your stupid lunk of a boyfriend. Besides,” he continued after dabbing at his eyes a bit with the back of his hand, “I showed that ass just how screwed the school would be if the Novak Foundation dropped off the alumni donor list.”
Ben looked up. “It’s not fair, Dad! You already work all the time. I can help pay my share,” he said, his chin jutting out in a very familiar expression.
Dean straightened up his collar and tucked the ends of his shirt into the waistband of a pair of his nicer jeans.  Dammit, now he’d need a belt, he thought.  He wished they could host.  If Dean had his way he’d spend the whole day in sweats, but he tried to humor Jess and her somewhat stuffy family.
Cas scrambled to unbuckle Dean’s belt and shoved his pants and boxers down in a single move. He pushed Dean hard and with his goddamn pants around his ankles, he fell back on his ass on the bed.
Dean didn’t need to be asked twice.  He cupped Cas’s cheek and drew him in for a hungry, open-mouthed kiss.  He pulled and then pushed at the lapels of that goddamned trench coat.  Cas shook his arms and it fell, pooling on the floor.  Dean nosed at Cas’s neck, breathing him in.  He ran his hands down Cas’s bare chest.  He hadn’t even put his clothes back on and stood before Dean in nothing but the gold shorts and body glitter.  Cas sucked in a gasp as Dean teased at a nipple.  Dean opened his mouth, biting the juncture between Cas’s neck and shoulder and pinched Cas’s nipple at the same time.  Cas threw his head back and moaned at that.
Castiel returned early that evening and after supper insisted on torturing Dean by ‘checking’ his shoulder.
It was happening all over again and Dean couldn’t do a damn thing to stop it.  He struggled, kicking and flailing, but no matter what he did he couldn’t free himself from the strong arms holding him.  His ten-year old body was powerless against Alistair’s man.  He watched as Alistair dragged his mother into the house by her hair.  He saw his father, battered and bloody, try to go to her aid.  He watched Alistair turn and look at him, smirking, as he shot Dean’s father between the eyes.
“Make yourself at home,” he said, gesturing to the small, two-seat cafe table in the kitchen.  Cas took his seat and Dean set a hot cup of coffee in front of him.  Dean watched as Cas picked up the mug in both hands and breathed in deeply above the steaming cup.
Dean looked up and waved his hat toward the north end of the canyon where the rest of Alistair’s men were engaged a shoot out with Sam and Bobby and the other men.  Castiel understood Dean meant he should cover him from above as he rode to their aid.  He assumed MacLain had already moved north because he could see someone picking them off one by one from the east as they tried to hold off Sam and Bobby.  Castiel ran along the ridge, covering Dean as he brought Baby about and galloped toward the fray.
The performers cheered and took to the dance floor in all manner of crazy get up. Dean recognized LMFAO’s “Shots” and caught a glimpse of The Angel in his halter top and booty shorts being drug out onto the dance floor by Gabriel. Dean groaned, he wondered how long this would go on. All he wanted to do was sit down for a minute and then pass out.
Dean smiled.  “I’d like that,” he said softly.  Castiel looked up and returned the smile with a tiny sideways quirk of his lip.
He was in the middle of frying eggs and bacon after setting the coffee pot to brew when it hit him - what the hell was he going to tell Ben?  He swallowed around a swell of anxiety lumping up his throat and nearly dropped the egg he was flipping.  He set the spatula on the counter and gripped the edge in both hands.  Breathe dammit, he told himself.
“Thanks, Cas,” he said, grateful for the reminder to focus on revenge instead of pain.  “How about that reading you mentioned?  I’d read myself, but I’ve already read the books you left here and my eyes are a little weary.”
He could tell there was news waiting for them by the look on the clerk’s face.  Dean read it too the moment he stepped through the doorway.  Castiel swallowed past the lump in his throat.  “Well?” Dean asked the clerk, making his way to the counter.
Dean shifted slightly and Cas drug his nails down Dean’s back before grabbing his ass in both hands.  Dean hissed at the pleasure-pain.
Dean looked at Whiskey Voice - Doc Novak.  He worried Sam might be putting his normal optimistic spin on things.  He needed the truth before the morphine kicked in.
Awkward Thanksgiving Dinner.  We learn a bit about Dean and Cas's respective family histories.  Gabriel makes some interesting decisions that create an awkward situation for Dean.  Basically, Gabriel ships it.
In medical school they try to prepare you for the certainty that you will lose a patient.  Doctors are notorious for gallows humor and other strange coping mechanisms.  Death is our ever-present enemy and we fight him constantly and vigilantly guarding ourselves with knowledge and medicine like a medieval knight bore shield and sword.  But in war...in war Death is not our enemy but our constant companion.  We court him with our actions, our decisions.  Unlike the knight, we are armor-less, defenseless before him.
Dean felt his eyes roll up in his head. Dammit, two could play at the ‘I know exactly where to touch you to make you lose your mind game,’ he supposed. Dean leaned in and said “If we don’t get out of here soon, I’m going to fuck you right here.”
Sorry for the delay in posting.  Been busy with work and holidays, etc.  I'm working on a Spotify playlist for this fic, for those who are interested as most of the chapters reference songs or have titles "borrowed" from songs.
Whew, it has been a busy semester and year so far, but thankfully, I'm getting back to finish this story before the end of the month.  I'm expecting one more chapter and then either an epilogue or a final chapter.  Thanks for reading!
Castiel let out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding.  He stepped into the frame of the doorway.  “I’m here.” Castiel said, taking in the scene unfolding in his front room.  Sheriff Singer and a younger, tall man were struggling to get a third man, hanging limp between them, head down and legs dangling, onto a small upholstered bench.
Dean Winchester was having a crap day. After getting Ben on the bus and off to school, he’d made it to the garage on time but the day had been one frustrating job after another. Brake jobs that he knew how to do in his sleep took him twice as long as he’d expected and by lunch he was a full day behind. Needless to say by afternoon he was feeling surlier than Bobby when Ellen made him wear a tie. Then he got the message from Ben’s school.
Cas nodded. “Dick Roman lives a very lavish lifestyle, a little too lavish for a district judge’s public servant salary,” he continued. “We think he’s taking money under-the-table from the for-profit prison lobby. They want more people, especially young healthy people, incarcerated for longer and longer sentences so that they can profit off of their labor.”
Cas leaned forward and grabbed Dean’s hands, pulling them back to his hips. Dean gripped him so tight he thought he might leave bruises, but then Cas was leaning back, using Dean’s grip as counterbalance. And fuck that angle must have done it for him because now he was howling. Dean’s blood pounded in his ears; he was not going to last.
He stood back for minute so that he could toe off his boots and shake his legs out of the jeans and boxers.  Dean wasted no time in pulling those damn shorts off of Cas, chest heaving at the sight of him fully naked.  He reached into his nightstand, pulling out a half empty bottle of lube and - thank God - one single condom he’d had for he didn’t know how long.  Dean tossed the items next to Cas on the bed and then leaned down to kiss him, lining their cocks up and rutting against Cas.  Both men moaned at that and Cas threaded one hand through Dean’s hair at the back of his neck and the other gripped his hip.
“I’d be fine with a half bottle of whiskey and some chow,” Dean said.  Sam smiled down at him, tears filling his eyes.
“I like you.  I really, really like you.  And...I want you,” Dean said.  “And you’re so close but I don’t want to fuck this up for you or for Ben and -”
Dean was dreading Ben’s parent-teacher conference this week.  He hadn’t seen Cas since Halloween.  But he got an earful about how wonderful Cas was from Ben every night or sometimes the next morning over breakfast if Dean pulled a double.  In the two weeks since, he’d been so busy with work hadn’t been able to pick Ben up from school.  Instead Ben took the bus home or took the bus to Sam and Jess’s while Dean went right from Bobby’s to The Roadhouse.  The good news was he’d scraped up enough to get the new furnace installed and even had several months of payments saved up.  The bad news was he was exhausted and plagued by guilt over not having time with Ben and the way things had played out with Cas.
They moved to sit on the patio furniture and Sam ran inside to get some ice and an old towel.  Dean wiped his face and held the ice to his nose.
“Bullshit,” Dean said and tried to force himself past Sam again.  Sam put both hands on Dean’s shoulders and shoved him, firmly back out of the door.  His stupid moose of a brother could be a real pain.
Dammit, what now? he thought to himself. He knew Ben was struggling lately, but couldn’t get the kid to open up and talk about it. Other than the odd playground fight or injury here and there Ben hadn’t had many issues over the years. He’d been thrilled when Sam helped Ben get into the top high school in the city. He’d been less thrilled about the price tag that went along with private school. Even with financial aid, tuition was more than he spent on housing and utilities combined. But he’d been able to bartend weekend nights at The Roadhouse and had saved up enough over the summer to cover Ben’s first semester.
“Dean-Dean!” Cas was calling his name and shaking him by the shoulders.  “Dean - wake up,” Cas said.  “Wake up!”
“I see you’ve found Dean!” she said. “Peg told me you two made a great pair at dance lessons; she said, and I quote: ‘I’ve never seen two people with such natural chemistry!’”
Dean Winchester did not do costumes. Well, not since Ben was little and afraid to admit Halloween scared him a little. Dean used to dress up as Batman because that made Ben feel safe.
Dean nodded in the dark.  “Three months back Sam and I caught a lead on Alistair and his gang from another lowlife we’d pinched.  Bobby told us to wait for him and he’d bring backup, but I - well I couldn’t wait, Cas.  Not with the chance of finally catching him.  God I was stupid.”
Dean shook his head. “Thanks buddy, but don’t worry about it. I’m doing okay. Been getting lots of tips at the Roadhouse,” he lied smoothly. He ruffled Ben’s hair like he did when he was little.
He couldn’t sleep without Cas by his side, he realized.  Dean had grown used to the way Cas wrapped himself around him, burrowing into his chest so that Dean could fall asleep to the sound of his breathing evening out, Cas’s scent thick in his nostrils.  They’d been so tired on the road they hadn’t managed more than a touch here and there, falling asleep the instant their heads hit the bedroll.
Cas fell against him, and all the flight flew out of Dean. “I don’t know what I’m going to do, Dean,” he whispered as tears fell down his cheeks.
Dean turned away from Cas and bent over completely, trying to channel some of the grace Cas employed in his routines.  After shaking his ass, he straightened up quickly, and turning back around pulled at his chaps, tearing them off (thank you Gabriel for the velcro advice) to reveal embarrassingly tiny denim cut-off shorts.  They were ridiculous, he thought; so short the pockets stuck out below the new hemline.  He usually wore them to wash the car, but he be damned if he’d put on a g-string.  He had to draw the line somewhere.
Castiel rolled his eyes.  He released his hold on Dean’s head and gripped the front of his shirt, pulling him in.  “Are you sure you’re ready for this Dean?” he asked, his voice dropping to its lowest register.  He pushed his hips against Dean’s.  Dean threw back his head and moaned.  Castiel took the opportunity to mouth and suck at the long column of Dean’s neck while he rubbed himself against Dean’s hip.
Dean felt his arm flex and draw back before his brain caught up. Cas held his arm back, though, and prevented him from punching Milton in his smug, stupid face and making things a hundred times worse.
“Bedroom,” he said.  He was surprised by the growl he heard in his own voice.  He grabbed Cas by the hand and marched him back to his bedroom.  Once inside, though, he hesitated.  They hadn’t really discussed anything.  The ride home had been full of a silence-inducing mix of sexual tension and unspoken anxieties.
He hesitated, breathing through his mouth again and squeezing his eyes shut.  Cas felt so goddamn good.
Doctor Castiel Novak was a man whose daily life was bounded by self-imposed routines.  The unruly town of Dodge City, Kansas grew by the minute and was the last stop before homesteaders headed further west to try to claim their 40 acres.  Castiel felt his routines helped contain some of the daily chaos of life on the frontier.
Dean’s head spun but the man made him watch as Alistair tied his mother to her rocking chair, her eyes wild and calling for her boys.  Alistair took a torch to the curtains she had made, to the cabin walls, and finally to the hem of her dress.  Alistair stepped through the doorway of Dean’s home and closed the door on his mother.  Dean heard his mother’s screams and Sam’s cries and the crackling sound of the fire consuming his childhood.
And then the war broke out and everything went to hell.  Cas returned home to Boston; Alan to Georgia.  Cas enlisted the next day.  Dean couldn’t stop reading even though the light in the lamp burned low, slowly running out of kerosine.  The only reference to Alan after Cas enlisted were a few simple lines of poetry Cas had scrawled on a page dated April 25, 1861.
Dean just nodded and put in their order. He handed one of the whiskey glasses to Cas and motioned for him to follow Dean back to where Sam, Jess, and the rest of the group were sitting. Jess noticed Cas as they got closer, and jumped up.
Dean cleared his throat.  “Cas ‘dances’ with Gabriel’s show on the weekends,” he explained putting air quotes around ‘dances.’  “I met him on Halloween at the bar.  Well - I knew him before that, but yeah, um, Cas is ah,” he smiled, “...FLEXIBLE,” he finished.
Dean took his time touching and tasting all of Cas’s glorious chest and ridiculously toned stomach.  By the time he dipped his tongue into his navel, Cas was a writhing mess.
Dean stood in the open motel doorway in the middle of their last really-I-gotta-go-Cas-goodbye-for-now kiss when an annoying voice interrupted them.
The man holding Dean grabbed him roughly by the back of his neck, lifting him closer to the house.  He set Dean down and then forcibly turned his head toward his house.
“Is he here?” Dean asked, already starting to push past Sam.  Sam sighed and stopped Dean with a hand to his chest.
“I have money from tutoring,” Ben said. “And Mr. Novak says I can probably raise my rates next quarter.”
Meg chose that moment to saunter into the kitchen.  She moved between them and wrapped both hands around Cas’s arm.  “Hey handsome, you gotta come sit with me and keep me company during the game.”
“Good, me too,” Dean hissed back and felt his chest heaving like he was gearing up for a fight. “Why are we yelling?” he demanded.
Finally Cas took mercy on him and moved one of his hands to his cock. “Oh Dean,” he moaned, closing his eyes again, thrusting into Dean’s fist and then rocking back onto him.
“What?! Hell no,” Dean said. “We didn’t really get involved until a week ago because we didn’t want to screw things up for you.  We only got more serious now because you’re changing classes after break.  It’s my fault,” Dean gulped, “I can’t be just friends with Cas, Ben.”
Dean shifted his weight from foot to foot.  He straightened his bow tie for the millionth time.  He kicked at the wildflowers and prairie grass that blanketed the meadow.  Sam elbowed him.
Dean freed Cas’s cock and shifted to rub against him.  Cas opened his hand around both of them and Dean licked his own palm and then brought his hand down to join Cas’s.
Dean patted his brother awkwardly on the back. “Sure thing, Sammy,” he said, and cleared his throat to hide the wellspring of emotions bubbling up at thinking about his brother settling down.
He walked to the living room and smiled at the sight of Cas, waiting on the couch, bandana covering his eyes, hands gripping his own thighs. Dean took a deep breath.  He could do this, he thought.
“Ah, it was nothing. Oh yeah..that reminds me, we’re already booked at Bottom’s Up! For spring break. I’m thinking cute little lambs, bunnies, chicks, with giant eggs you can pop out of!” He winked.
Cas moaned and squirmed as Dean bypassed his cock to suck and nip at his other thigh. He pulled back and met Cas’s eyes again.
“That’s not what I said Dean,” his voice was whisper quiet, but his eyes threw daggers.  Dean had a flashback to the first time he saw him.  “I like you, you big, dumb idiot,” he continued, raising his chin.
Castiel stood and titled his head to the side in an expression Dean was coming to know as the doctor’s ‘considering expression.’  “We need to start your rehabilitation and you need to heal enough to use the crutches; you know that,” he added.
Suddenly his arms were full of Cas and Dean felt like he’d found a part of himself he didn’t know had been missing.  He cupped Cas’s cheek with one hand and wrapped his other arm low around Cas’s waist, sneaking inside the coat to splay his fingers across Cas’s warm skin.  Cas broke the kiss and groaned at Dean’s touch.  Dean rubbed his thumb over Cas’s swollen lips.  Cas wrapped his mouth around Dean’s thumb and nipping the pad, sucked it into his mouth, his cheeks hollowing around it.
“So, you and the doc…” Sam said on their walk back from the stables, glancing at Dean out of the corner of his eye.
Cas took a step toward the bed just as Dean finally got his hands out of the dress shirt cuffs. But at the last second, he reached down to grab something from his bag.
Ben took a deep breath and looked down, the defiance draining out of his face and voice. “I’m so sorry, Dad,” he said quietly and put his face in his hands. “I just wanted to help.”
In the meantime, he and Cas settled into a bit of a routine.  They started eating breakfast at Harvelle’s and checking for word from Bobby and Sam.  They walked a bit after that before Cas went on his rounds - as much as Dean could handle.  And he got stronger.  He started trying to clean up his space and he read every book Cas had.  Dean’s favorite part of the day was evening, after dinner, when he and Cas would play cards or read and drink a whiskey in front of the fire.  He especially loved the nights when Cas would drink a few too many and Dean would have to help him to the stairs.  Cas just looked so vulnerable those nights and all Dean wanted to do was take him in his arms and hold him.
She disappeared back behind the corner and Dean smiled to himself as he turned and walked over to the door. Still got it, he thought.
“But Cas - Stone Cold Steve Austin was there - Stone Cold - ‘I’m gonna open up a can of whoop ass!’” Dean protested, imitating Stone Cold’s stage voice.
“Damn you, Dean Winchester,” Cas said, but his voice was soft and his eyes crinkled up at the corners.
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
Dean spent his days trying to get enough food and water into Cas to keep him alive.  Cas would swallow soup or water if he were hungry or thirsty enough and if Dean poured it into his mouth with a funnel.  Dean took pains to move his body, rolling Cas from one side to the other of his small bed.  He remembered the arm circles Cas made him do after he’d been shot, and he went through similar routines with each of Cas’s limbs several times a day, moving them for him.  In the evenings he would bathe Cas as best he could and lie down on the cot he’d set up for himself next to Cas’s bed.  He didn’t sleep much; he just lay awake in the dark, waiting.  Because nights were the only time he heard Cas speak.  Dean hated that he had come to love Cas’s nightmares because often Cas would cry out for him.  Cas would wake most nights, screaming in terror and calling for Dean.  Dean would get up and soothe him, gently waking him.  They’d get a moment of clarity and then Cas would shut back down, folding himself back in again.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean said.  “I don’t want to hurt you or get you fired and God knows I’ve tried to ignore it, but I just - I just-”
“I didn’t open it, Cas.  Well I did - but once I realized what it was, I didn’t read it,” he said.  “I reckon you’ll tell me your story when you’re ready,” he continued, “and maybe I’ll tell you mine.”
Dean waved his hand. “Nah, it’s okay, man. That guy is freaky good at pool. It’s unnatural,” he said, shaking his head.
Dean swore and fisted at his own cock.  That’s right, he thought, this was Cas and he was inhumanly bendy.
Gabriel swaggered up to the bar. There was no other the word for the way that guy moved, really, thought Dean.
“No - don’t put him there.  Bring him back here to my table,” Castiel finished, shuffling out of the way.
Dean fell back into his chair.  He rubbed his hand over his face.  “I know,” he said.  He looked up at Sam, meeting his eyes.  “I don’t want to lose him, Sam, but I don’t know what to do.”
Dean rubbed himself against Cas’s fantastic ass and captured his lips in a kiss. Dean was vaguely aware of catcalls and shouts of ‘get a room!’ from the crowd. Cas pulled away from the kiss but kept his body close.
“He’s with Jess, Dean,” Sam said.  “She’s getting him some Gatorade and sitting with him.  He’ll be okay.  He just needs some time to process. And you need to give him that.”
“Sam - keep him still.  I’ll prepare the medication,” Whiskey Voice said.  A doctor maybe?  That would explain why he was in so much pain.  He swallowed and tried to speak again.
“Still alive,” Cas said and Dean breathed a sigh of relief.  “Remarried and living in Arizona.  Gabriel and I visit her during the winter and she comes home during the summer, usually.”  Cas paused.  “So it’s really nice to celebrate with you all.”  He dried the last dish and Dean pulled the plug, letting the water drain out of the sink.  Cas handed him the dishtowel to dry his hands.
“I know about Alan, Cas,” Dean said again, holding his gaze.  Cas gasped for air and remained lucid for the better part of a minute, although he didn’t speak again.  “I’m sorry, Cas,” he said.  And then Cas shut down, folding back in on himself.
During the afternoons, Dean sat Cas in a chair by the window and read to him from his favorite books.  He even found the book of Whitman poetry Cas loved so much he’d practically worn a hole in the cover.  He read, his voice breaking:
Dean closed the book and hung his head.  Alistair was dead, his gang busted up.  Sam was safe.  He had everything he thought he wanted.  Everything except Cas.
Cat Dude rolled his eyes. “Only the most amazing pole dancer you’ve ever seen,” he answered sighing.
“I think it’s time I show you my bed,” Castiel growled against Dean’s throat.  Dean moved toward the stairs so fast he dropped his crutch and ended up half falling onto Castiel.
“For making me listen,” Cas answered.  He stood and extended his hand across the desk to Dean.  “Truce?” he asked.
Castiel collapsed into a boneless heap next to Dean.  He was covered in come and desperately needed a wash, but he was too tired to care.  Castiel watched as Dean’s breathing slowed and he stopped gasping for air.  Castiel’s heart continued to hammer against his chest as he watched Dean come down from his high.  He was beautiful.  Castiel did not deserve someone like Dean, he thought.  Not with what he’d done.  He shuffled to the side to put a bit of space between them.
Cas shrugged.  “I’ve always been into yoga and well, I guess, it gets me out of my head to perform.  I stop thinking about work and the repressiveness of this town and the fact that my father abandoned us and I just...am,” he finished and locked eyes with Dean.
Dean wanted to punch his brother in the face.  But he knew Sam was only trying to help.  He heaved a huge sigh and ran his hand over his face.
Cas strode around the table and into Dean’s space, the wrinkled sheet still wrapped around him like an absurd toga.
, but Cas knew what he was doing. Dean felt one of Cas’s hands slide around to grip the nape of his neck and the other fisted in his jacket, pulling him closer. Cas pulled back slightly, biting at Dean’s lower lip as he did so and this time Dean felt a needy moan escape through his lips at the loss of Cas’s mouth.
“Winchester,” Novak said, his eyes widening. He put the drink to his mouth and downed it. “Um, I’d appreciate it if -”
“You okay, buddy?” he asked quietly, crouching down so he could see Ben’s face. Ben didn’t look up, but stared at Dean’s shoes. He nodded and Dean could see his nose was red and his cheeks were tear-streaked. He went from worried to pissed off in about two seconds. He stood and turned to face the principal.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Dean sighed.  “Not that you’re not great company and all, but a fella used to the open range could lose his mind staring at these four walls.”
Oh shit, Dean thought. He knew those eyes - he’d last seen them glare at him a few weeks ago when he’d been late to pick up Ben. It was Novak - Ben’s teacher. Castiel Novak was wearing considerably less than his normal ugly sweater vests and ill-fitting suits. Of course this guy moonlights as a bee stripper, thought Dean. Fuck my life, his mind added unhelpfully.
“Hello ?” Dean asked walking into the kitchen.  “Oh shit - Cas - sorry!” he shouted and tried to cover his eyes.
“What’s a girl gotta do to get a shot of tequila in this dump?” Meg drawled, rolling her eyes in Dean’s direction and running her hand up Cas’s arm and along the back of his neck.
He followed Sam over to one of the chairs on the enclosed front porch and threw himself down into it.  Sam sank into the other one and leaned forward to switch on the space heater they kept on the porch.
Jess looked at Dean and Cas, her facial expression an apology. She turned her head back toward them and away from Chelsea and mouthed ‘high school friends.’ “Sorry, guys - um, Cas you can go ahead and fill Dean in.”
Novak nodded. “Yes. Thank you. The school doesn’t know about my moonlighting.” He made air quotes around the word ‘moonlighting.’
They must have fallen asleep after that, he thought.  Cas had pulled the wool blanket he kept in the back seat over them at some point.  Damn it, he thought.  What the fuck was he gonna do now?
Dean and Ben settled in at Sam and Jess’s and helped set the table and get the rest of the food ready.  The doorbell rang and Sam didn’t seem to hear it in the kitchen.  Dean stuck his head around the corner from the family room.
Cas pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead.  “You won’t lose me.  I’ll be up near the snipers, like we planned.”
Dean tucked into his food, hoping having something in his stomach would help his brain find the right words.
“Ha!  I knew it!” Sam gloated, moving out of the way easily.  “What happened?  Did you screw it up?”
For a few long seconds Dean worried Cas was gonna leave it there. But he finally continued, his voice softer than Dean had ever heard it.
“Yes.  For the Union,” Castiel replied daring him to stay something.  There were plenty of ex-confederate soldiers still spoiling for a fight on the frontier.
Dean didn’t pay attention to much of what Bobby said.  He mind wandered off in anticipation of what was to come.  After a meal provided by Ellen and Jo of Harvelle’s, Dean was looking forward to carrying Cas over the threshold of the cabin they’d been building on the north side of the meadow.  And then he was looking forward to breaking in the bed he’d made Cas as a wedding present.
“Breathe.  Just breathe,” someone said.  “Sam - he’s waking up.” Whoever it was had a voice that sounded like rusty metal soaked in whiskey.
“Awesome.”  Dean stood up from the chair he had drug from Castiel’s front room to the examination room and carefully leaned the left side of his body onto one of his crutches.  Dean hobbled over to Castiel and without another word, snatched the package from Harvelle’s out of his hands.  After returning to his seat, he wasted no time tearing into the package and shoveling the pie into his mouth.  Castiel was surprised he’d even bothered to accept the fork Castiel had handed him.
“What can I say, Cas?  Vengeance is hungry work,” Dean finished, his voice moving from jovial to dire in a single sentence.
, but before he could add anything, Cas was rolling the condom on him, and lifting a leg to straddle him and Dean realized what had taken Cas so long in the bathroom. Fuck, he’d been getting himself ready.
The lights went down and then the spotlight illuminated Cas who stood with his back to the crowd, displaying the enormous white and gold wings that graced his costume.  Dean sucked in a breath.  They were huge and beautiful, at least six feet long from arc to tip - and as Dean watched they flexed and extended to the side.  Cas turned his head to the side, showing off his profile.  The opening lyrics of Bryce Fox’s “Horns” blasted out of the speakers as Cas wrapped the wings around himself and turned, prancing toward the pole in the center of the stage.  Dean swallowed, hard.
Dean knew his face betrayed his surprise.  “Yeah...I mean...I’ve never - well - I haven’t exactly had a lot of adult sleepovers these days.”
“Are you kidding?! I hit that bastard with paperwork for every potential lawsuit I could think of. I told him if he fired you or tried to force you to resign, he’d be in and out of court for the rest of his miserable life.”
Cas walked over and stood before him. He was wearing his boxer briefs, the fucking bow tie, and the suspenders, now clipped to the top of his briefs, and nothing else. Dean forgot how to breathe.
“God, I love your hands,” he murmured, mouthing at the inside of Cas’s wrist.  Cas gasped as Dean moved up his arm, tongue trailing over the inside of Cas’s elbow, over his biceps, and finally down the outside of his armpit.  Cas huffed out a laugh at that.
Cas gasped, pushed himself even closer. “Follow me,” he whispered, spinning and leading Dean by the hand from the crowded dance floor. Dean felt eyes on them as they made their exit but he simply couldn’t muster the effort to give a shit.
“Shut up, Sammy!” Dean laughed and mock punched his brother in the stomach.  They half hugged and Sam released Dean.  They walked the rest of the way back to the inn in comfortable silence.
“Time to cowboy up, Winchester,” he said to himself. Shaking his head, he stepped forward, pulling the door open.
Dean eased himself up, putting his weight on his good leg.  Cas came around the side of the bed and handed him his crutch.  He didn’t say anything.  Dean nodded and took the crutch, making his way toward the stairs.
Milton shut his mouth and nodded. He didn’t look happy. “No, of course, Mr. Novak. I’m sure we can work something out,” he said spreading his hands and looking at Dean and Ben.
Dean nodded.  He couldn’t wait to see his brother again and was even more anxious to learn of any information they gathered on Alistar and his crew.  Dean vowed to himself the minute he was able that he’d track that bastard down and repay him for every moment of pain he’d made Dean suffer.
He tried to pull the shirt Cas had ripped apart back over to cover himself. The person outside pounded harder.
“Where -” Cas started then cleared his throat, “Where did you get that?” he asked gesturing to Dean’s kilt.
Dean moved to him and took Cas’s hands in his.  “Cas - you saved me.  More than that you probably saved this whole damned wicked town by taking that bastard out.  He wasn’t going to stop doing what he done to our family, Cas.  Think about how many families you saved from my fate.”  He swallowed past the lump in his throat, “I love you, Cas.”
“I don’t see why we shouldn’t just ride out there.  I mean we have the element of surprise and I brought dynamite.  I say we blow ‘em all to hell,” Dean said.
They ate in silence.  Well, relative silence.  Dean couldn’t help moaning his appreciation around a mouthful of bacon.
Um...warning for smut.  This is what happened after they left the bar and it's pretty much just porn.  So you can skip this chapter if you don't like that sort of thing.
Dean cleared his throat to release some of the tension. He was used to being checked out by both men and women. Although he tended to date women, he’d been openly bisexual since his late teens, and well, the last time someone looked at him like that...it ended up being a very good night for him.
“Shirt off, Dean,” Cas said as he pulled the suspenders down his shoulders, and slid his own boxers off. And fuck if Dean was gonna refuse Cas a goddamn thing when he sounded like that.
Time seemed to slow down.  Castiel felt the man’s pulse.  It was weak and he was cold from blood loss.  He checked the bullet wound.  It had passed straight through, thank God, but needed cleaning and stitches.  Castiel, turned, collected his instruments, a syringe, and started barking orders:  “You-” he said to the tall man, “get his clothes off.  Sheriff - get some water boiling.”  Both men looked at him.  “NOW!” he roared.  Bobby and the tall man bolted into action.
“Jess suspects that Judge Roman is accepting bribes to impose harsher sentences. We can’t prove it yet, but he has a disproportionate rate of sentencing people to life in prison, and especially trying minors as adults and imposing harsh sentences.”
Dean knew he was glaring at Cas but he couldn’t help it.  Why didn’t Cas tell her to stop, he thought.
“Hey DeanO, Cassie and I need your help.”  Dean sighed.  He regretted giving Gabriel his number.  He felt like he was over there every other day to fix something.  He didn’t mind seeing Cas but half the time he went over, Cas was practicing his yoga and well, it was hard to focus on whatever Gabriel said they needed with Cas bending himself into crazy positions that stretched the limits of Dean’s imagination.
Okay, thought Dean. He supposed it wasn’t that weird, even if Cas had to be in his mid-thirties, like Dean.
He smiled to himself and pulled Cas closer to him with the arm he had draped over Cas's shoulders.  They were curled up on Dean’s couch watching Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.  He couldn’t believe Cas hadn’t seen the trilogy, but now that he could touch him anytime he wanted to, Dean had trouble keeping his hands to himself.  Dean ran his other hand up the inside of Cas’s thigh under the blanket that covered them.
Dean saw the door open over the guy’s shoulder and Peg walked through. She looked up and clapped her hands together.
Ben looked at his dad.  The next thing he knew, Ben was hugging him, clinging to Dean, his hands tight around Dean's neck, like he did as a young kid, and sobbing into his shoulder.
Three days after their dinner with Sheriff Singer and Sam, Castiel was cleaning his tools and restocking his kit when he heard an unholy crash from the back of the examination room.  Panic rose in his chest when he heard Dean shout.  He rushed from his front office to the back room to find Dean sprawled, face down at the foot of the stairs that led to his apartment. Castiel crouched down and helped Dean roll over.  He didn’t appear to be injured.  Dean sat up quickly and smirked at Castiel.  He held one of Castiel’s journals in his hand.
“Dean - what?” Cas asked, breathless.  Dean watched him shiver at the loss of body heat.  God he was so beautiful - his hair a mess, his lips swollen, bite marks covering his neck and his cock so fucking hard.
Cas threw his arm over his face and groaned in frustration.  Dean waited for him to meet his eyes.  He held up the condom and lube.
Cas watched him with one eye open and the sheet half-wrapped around him. Dean pulled his jeans up, buttoning the fly. “Don’t you have to get back to school?” he asked.
The door creaked and Dean looked up to see Cas ushering a couple out of the door.  He shook hands with them and smiled reassuringly.  “Jack’s doing great, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson,” he said.  “You should be proud.”  Mrs. Anderson practically beamed at Cas and touched her cleavage.  Dean snorted.
The two men maneuvered the third man onto the table.  Castiel glanced over the man who had passed out from what seemed to be a combination of pain and blood loss.  A bullet wound pierced the man’s left shoulder and left leg was a bloody and twisted mess below the knee.  Castiel swore to himself and said a silent prayer to a god he no longer believed was listening that he would not have to take this man’s leg.
Dean gulped and continued.  “We rode into his camp, guns blazing, confident we’d get them.  But they were ready for us.  Alistair had heard we were tracking him and sent the outlaw we pinched to bait us.  It was a trap.  They caught Sam.  But Alistair - he wanted me, Cas.  I don’t know why, exactly.  I think because he didn’t get to kill me all those years ago and we’d made his life hard thwarting his plans, cutting off his access to his weapons supplier and stealing his extorted booty when we could.”
“Oh fuck,” he swore when Cas took him fully into his mouth and began sucking, slowly moving his head up and down, alternating between sucking and trailing his tongue around the tip, his eyes locked on Dean’s.  He forced himself to lay there and take it even though his body screamed at him to shove more of his cock into Cas’s mouth.  Cas seemed to sense Dean’s frustration and placed his hands on Dean’s hips, holding him down.  He pulled off and smirked at Dean and then without missing a beat he sucked him down hard and fast.  Dean moaned as he felt himself hit the back of Cas’s throat.
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
Castiel sat and watched Dean eat.  It was disgusting.  Thankfully, the inappropriate noises Dean made when eating pie were interrupted by the door bells jangling.
Dean swallowed a gulp and stood up. He let out the breath he’d been holding. He leaned into Cas’s space and grabbed his suspenders, pulling him in. “Don’t you fucking dare,” he growled.
“Just for that, boy, I’m going to make you watch.  I’m going to make you watch your mother burn before I kill you.  And then I’m going to make you watch while I cut your little brother apart piece by piece,” Alistair sneered.
Cas looked at him for a moment. He really wanted him to say yes, but he knew better than to expect anything and planned on being a perfect gentleman. He just wanted to help Cas out, that’s all, he told himself.
“‘M fine, Sammy.”  Dean interrupted. “Can’t get rid of me that easy.”  He winced and curled in on himself as pain throbbed up his leg.  His memory returned with a flash - the wagon wheel crushing down - the sound of his bone snapping - Alistair’s smirk.  He turned his face to the side and vomited.  Luckily Sam was there just in time with a bucket.  When he turned back, Whiskey Voice was tourniquetting his right arm and injecting something into his vein.
The front door opened and Dean sprang to his feet.  Ben stepped out.  Dean took a step toward him but Ben held his hand out.
Ash walked over and clapped him on the shoulder. “Good game, Dean. Better luck next time, Man,” he said, smirking.
“You might not like this,” Castiel started, “it’s poetry.  My favorite poetry, in fact.”  He looked down and away from Dean’s eyes and the book in his hands.
Also if anyone does fan art and would draw some of Cas's *ahem* costumes, well that would be awesome. :)
That night, after he’d settled Cas into bed, Dean started reading Cas’s journals.  They dated back to 1858 - Cas’s first year of medical school at Georgetown.  Dean smiled reading 20 year-old Cas’s reactions to the trials of medical school and the bullying behavior of his professors and upperclassmen.  Dean read between the lines of Cas’s blocky, uniform script to pick out details of his first love.  Cas didn’t explicitly address the nature of his relationship with a classmate called ‘Alan,’ but Dean knew with Cas’s description of how irritating Alan was that Cas had feelings for him.  The two men vied for top of the class, trading places term to term.  By their graduation in late 1860, Cas earning the top spot and Alan second in the class, Cas made plans to open a practice in D.C. after his residency, near the hospital where Alan planned to work.  Cas wrote optimistically about their futures.
“It wasn’t easy being gay as a college student, even in the ‘90s, even at a big city school like Loyola,” Cas said. “That first fall away from home, though, I finally had words for who I was and what I’d been feeling about who I found attractive. It was liberating. And terrifying.”
“What?!” Dean yelled into the phone.  “What the hell, Gabriel?”  Dean’s brain was still trying to process what he’d said.
“This still what you want?” he asked.  “Or I could...” Dean licked his lips and glanced meaningfully back at Cas’s cock.
“Really, Dean?” Cas said.  It was amazing he could work a deadpan into a whispered sentence.  “The ‘last night on earth’ line?  Besides, that’s true of every night.”
“What this? I’ve had it for a while. I went a little overboard on my Green Day enthusiasm in high school. In addition to Britney, might have had a thing for Billie Joe.”
Dean doubled over laughing for a minute before he grabbed his boyfriend’s hand and led him the rest of the way down the hall.
The ball hit Dean square in the face and snapped him out of his wallowing.  He fell to his ass, disoriented and feeling liquid leaking out of his nose.
“No!” Castiel shouted desperately, emerging from his hiding place.  He watched helplessly as Alistair and his man faced Dean.  And then Ryan was up and coming for him, swinging his rifle around to bear on Castiel.  He ducked to the side, diving back into the foliage as Ryan fired a round, missing Castiel.  “Traitor!” Castiel hissed between clenched teeth.  Ryan turned to fire another shot at him, but Castiel was faster.  He leapt from his hiding place, landing on Ryan and tackling him to the ground.  He wrenched the rifle from Ryan’s grip and tossed it to the side.  Castiel watched as his hands wrapped themselves around Ryan’s throat.  He felt nothing but rage as he pushed down and crushed the man’s larynx, holding him in an iron grip until his face turned purple and he stopped breathing.
And then he saw Dean.  Astride Baby who was running full out, Dean led the other men by several lengths, one hand gripping the saddle horn and the other extended, his six shooter pointed with deadly accuracy.  Dean shifted his weight to Baby’s side and shot down one of Alistair’s men.  Castiel watched as one of the riders, Alistair, he assumed, pulled his mount up and turned to face Dean.  Alistair halted his mount and aimed his gun straight up, firing a round into the air.  Castiel couldn’t make out Alistair’s face from his position but he knew something was very wrong.  He watched as dozens of armed men flooded out from where they must have been hiding near the north end of the canyon.  They cut Dean off from Sam, Bobby, and the rest of his men.
Cas sat back but he looked spooked.  He let Dean sit up and scooted back to his side of the narrow bed.  Cas tilted his head to the side and although he said nothing, Dean heard the question.
“Goddammit, Cas,” Dean swore and thrust harder and faster into Castiel.  He felt his cock valiantly try to rise when Dean nudged his prostate.  He flexed his legs and dug his nails into Dean’s back.  Dean rode him hard, his rhythm shot to hell.  Castiel watched his face as Dean held his breath and screwed his eyes shut.  He concentrated on squeezing Dean’s cock.  That was all it took and Dean was coming, swearing and cursing in his bliss.
Dean barely remembered the drive to Sam’s.  Ben was all he could think about.  He’d told him about Cas a couple of hours ago.  Cas had made himself scarce, leaving for a coffee shop to give him some privacy for his talk with Ben.  Cas hadn’t liked the idea, but he understood.
Then Cas was sinking down onto him, and despite whatever preparation he’d done in the bathroom, he was so goddamn tight. Dean had to grit his teeth to keep himself still. It took all of his willpower and last remaining brain cell not to thrust up into Cas. Cas sighed and planted his hands on Dean’s chest as he sunk down until Dean was fully inside of him. Dean stared at him - his flushed cheeks, long lashes over closed eyes, mouth open and panting and that fucking bowtie - Jesus. Just when Dean thought he couldn’t take it anymore, Cas began to move, slowly working up a rhythm. Cas moaned as he moved over Dean, and opened his eyes to stare directly into Dean’s. He was the sexiest damn thing Dean had ever seen.
After grabbing his belt and loading Ben and the food into the car, they headed over to Sam’s.  Dean was looking forward to an entire day off and an entire turkey leg to himself.  Jess had promised to save one for him.  He smiled at Ben.  It was going to be a great day.
“Ben - I didn’t mean for this to happen,” Dean started.  Ben scoffed. “I don’t know - it was like fate or something kept making our paths cross.  And, and I really, really like Cas, Ben.  And after he moved in with us, well, yeah, I was a goner,” he finished.
“Cas, I-” he started. “Until I met you Cas, I didn’t know how broken I was.  It was like a piece of me was missing and no matter what I did or where I looked, I couldn’t find it.  And then I met you and now - now I finally know what it’s like to feel whole.  I love you, Cas.  I’ll always love you and I’ll do my damnedest to make you happy, if you’ll let me,” he finished.  He gulped, hoping Cas wouldn’t be so angry at his piss-poor attempt at vows that he walked off right then and there.
Dean’s chest heaved and he gasped for breath.  “I’m awake, Cas.  I’m awake.”  Dean grasped Cas’s forearms.  “I’m alright, Cas.”
“Yeah, but I still don’t know how you can eat whatever it is that passes for a burger in this joint.”
He smiled to himself as he heard Cas in the bathroom. Dean had waited all day to get him alone but now that they finally were, he felt sleep tugging at him. After toasting Sam and choking up a bit - he was only human after all - he’d deliberately taken it easy on the booze. Cas had looked so fucking good in his royal blue man of honor suit, crisp white shirt, and bowtie, Dean had taken one look at him and had to fight a popping a boner all through wedding party photos. And then, when they’d gotten to the dance hall and Cas had casually slipped his jacket off to reveal fucking suspenders?! It was all Dean could do not to wrap his fists around them and yank him into the nearest dark corner.
What I do is less doctoring and more butchery.  I’ve amputated more limbs from young men than I can count.  Sometimes they survive; often they do not.
“Dean - you eyeballed him all through dinner and he blushed every time you looked at him,” Sam said, smiling.
Cas’s periods of lucidity gradually increased.  He was not himself yet but he had worked up to a few sentences and twenty minutes of awareness.  Most often those sentences were “Go away, Dean.  Leave me to die.”
During the day, Dean read aloud to Cas from his journals.  Every night, Dean continued trying to catch Cas during his moment of lucidity.  Dean told him he knew; he told him he was sorry; and he told him that what happened to Alan was not his fault.  Cas’s reactions to Dean ranged from blank stares to yelling to occasionally beating his fists feebly against Dean’s chest.  Inevitably, Cas would sob - not crying, not even weeping, but full-body sobbing that wracked his weak frame with its force.  Dean would gather him in his arms and hold him until he calmed down enough to pass into exhausted sleep.
As Dean shoved his way toward the adhoc dance floor it was all he could do to keep roaming hands at bay. Damn, apparently everyone else was several beers ahead of him. Everywhere he looked, sorority girls were grinding up on lucky frat boys and on each other. Dean enjoyed the show but mostly he wanted to find Cas and get the hell out of there.
With a singularity of purpose he had not felt in some time, Castiel retrieved Ryan’s rifle from where he’d tossed it.  He returned to the dead man and stripped the ammo belt from his waist.  He loaded the rifle and cocked it smoothly; his muscles remembering how.  Time seemed to slow as Castiel lay down on his belly and looked through the scope on the rifle.  He could see Dean slowly move his thumb to cock the hammer of his gun.  Castiel drew in a deep breath.  He aimed the rifle at Alistair’s head.  He exhaled, his finger squeezing the trigger.  He registered seeing Alistair’s head snap back and his body fall from his horse, but he was already sighting and aiming at the other man.  He shot the other man in the head as Dean put two quick bullets in his torso.
“Oh no, Dean,” Cas said. “It’s all the way back on the north side of the city. That would be way out of your way - you’re in Lawrence, right?”
The crowd roared and everyone at the bar turned toward the stage. The stage lights went out and when the spotlight came back up, a figure in full beekeeper gear stood next to the pole. Dean recognized the opening riff from Tom Petty’s ‘Honey bee.’ The figure removed its pants by tearing them off to reveal muscular, shapely legs sticking out of tiny black booty shorts. The man didn’t move to the music, Dean noted. He simply continued to tear off parts of the beekeeper costume - the sleeves, the jacket, the collar, until finally he stood in a black and yellow sequined halter top and the booty shorts with only the beekeeper mask hat and hood on. Somehow it was mesmerizing.
“Yes,” Dean answered simply.  He pulled Castiel to him with his good arm and steadied himself by holding onto Castiel’s hip with his bad one.  Castiel leaned forward and captured Dean’s lips in a gentle kiss.  They traded kisses and pawed at each others’ clothing.  Dean pulled the tie from around his neck and let it fall to the floor.  Castiel looked down at Dean’s perfect fingers unbuttoning his shirt.  He reached out to start on Dean’s buttons.  He felt more vulnerable now in this room.  He didn’t realize his hands were shaking until he felt Dean pause in kissing him, his hands gentling Castiel’s.  Dean murmured “Shh, shh, Cas, it’s okay.  Let me.”
Dean pulled the tie off quickly and then glued his eyes back to Cas. He stood there - so gorgeous, eyes blazing, hair a mess, marks on his neck and chest, cock so hard it looked like it hurt, naked - naked except for the bowtie. Dean felt his heart skip a beat as all the remaining blood in his body had to be making one last valiant effort to rush to his dick.
“Yes, Cas.  I’m doing the damn armed circles.  Although I don’t see what that has to do with a goddamned bullet hole.”
It was official. Their furnace was toast. Dean threw down the wrench he’d been holding in frustration. He’d spent most of his Saturday trying to fix the damn thing, but he knew he couldn’t put off replacing it for another winter. Son of a bitch, he thought. Next week was Halloween; he and Ben wouldn’t be able to go much longer without a furnace.
Dean shifted to stand up again, leaning on his crutch.  “Anyways...how about we head down to Harvelle’s for some grub?  You two look like you could use a good meal.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his face.  “My Ma and Pa were homesteaders,” he began.  “They moved to Kansas when I was a kid to stake their claim.  Sam was born the next spring.”  Dean met Cas’s eyes and then looked down.  He swallowed past a lump in his throat.  “Everything was fine until the same railroad company that tried to get the homesteaders to the west in the first place decided they wanted our land.”
Dean grabbed Cas by the hips and spun him around reversing their positions. He pushed his hips against Cas, close enough for Cas to feel the hard length of him through their skirts.
“What?! No -” Dean started but Cas was already opening the door and getting out of the car.  “Cas!  Cas!” Dean yelled as he stormed off with Dean’s blanket.  “You forgot your antennae,” he finished weakly.
Cas nodded slightly. “I don’t know all of the details, and you have to keep this quiet, but I supposed if Jess trusts you…”
He kissed Cas’s mouth and thrust against him.  He pulled back and wrapped a hand around them both, stroking them together.  Cas threw back his head and moaned.
“Not my fault your brother weighs as much as an elephant,” said a voice Castiel recognized as Bobby Singer’s.  “Novak?! Doc Novak - you here Doc?” Bobby called.
“I’d like to see them try,” Dean said flatly.  “C’mon, Cas, for all we know this could be our last night on this earth.”
“That bad, Doc?” Bobby asked during Castiel’s assessment.  Castiel took a deep breath, looked Bobby in the eye and nodded once.
Cas fixed him with his glare - well the best he could when he was likely seeing double.  “Oh really, Dean,” he whispered, “you think so?”
Dean groaned, pulled out slowly and then pushed back in, just as slowly.  “My God, Cas, you feel amazing,” he growled, working into slow rhythm that left them both breathless.  Castiel arched his back and wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, pushing his heel into his ass, urging Dean to go faster.
Dean and Cas talk it out over coffee and something Dean thinks is called "combo-chai" but is actually kombucha. Cas explains himself. Later, Dean insists Cas come over for private dance practice (wink, wink).
It all came down to this: one last shot. If Dean sunk the 8 ball, he’d not only win bragging rights over having finally beat Ash, hands down the best pool player he’d ever met, he’d also win free drinks for their whole group. As their night out had turned into a bit of a wedding party meet up, Dean was pretty motivated to save some cash.
Dean shoved the meat over to the side of his mouth.  “I’m tellin’ ya, Doc - you got a way with cookin.’”
“I want to be with you,” he said, growling and poking his finger into Dean’s chest.  Dean looked down at where Cas’s finger pushed into his chest.
Let the preacher preach in his pulpit! let the lawyer plead in the court, and the judge expound the law.
“Indeed,” said Cas. “I’m trying, but so far whoever is helping Roman cover the money trail is really good at it. I can usually find a loose thread to pull at that unravels everything, but in this case…” he trailed off and shrugged before collapsing in on himself in a posture of self-defeat.
Cas slid into his arms and pressed a kiss to his lips.  “I think I might have some ideas to encourage you,” he said, his voice lowered into the range Dean liked best.
Dean nodded.  “Alright, Sammy.  I’ll try it,” Dean said.  “I’ll try it and if he doesn’t react by next week, I’ll send word to Doc Galverson and we’ll ride for Colorado.”
Dean felt the blush creep up his cheeks and cleared his throat while sliding into the bench seat next to Sam. Sam clapped him on the back and Dean returned the half hug.
Dean returned Cas’s kiss and parted his lips for Cas’s tongue. He kept his hands against the wall, letting Cas set the pace. Cas moved backed slightly and pushed his jacket from his shoulders. Dean let it fall off his arms to the floor, revealing the one-size-too-small strategically ripped black t-shirt he wore under it.
Before he knew it, they’d pulled up and parked in front of the small bungalow he shared with his brother. Dean was desperate to keep Cas around for just a bit longer.
Two days later, Castiel was still sore as he and Dean walked from breakfast at Harvelle’s to the general store.  He smiled to himself, remembering.  He hadn’t been expecting Dean to come crashing into his orderly little life, but as he glanced at him out of the corner of his eye, he felt grateful he had.
“And you,” Dean asked, “any more ‘moonlighting?’” He couldn’t help the smirk he was sure he was making.
Cas just nodded and moved closer. Before Dean knew what he was up to, he slid both of his hands in to the tear, gripped the flimsy material in both fists and yanked in opposite directions, ripping the shirt open. Without missing a beat, he mouthed over Dean’s left nipple and teased it with his tongue before sucking it, hard.
Castiel blows the dam.  Dean, Sam, and Bobby trap Alistair and his men in the canyon.  But all does not go according to plan.
“Um, want to fill us in?” Dean asked, glancing at Sam who looked a bit baffled too. He knew Sam and Jess talked shop about lawyer stuff, but Jess was in criminal justice, and Sam had decided to finish his doctorate (
Suddenly he grabbed the pole with both hands and pulled himself into a perfect horizontal flag. From there he extended first one leg and then the other, doing the splits mid-air all while holding his chest and torso in the horizontal position. Dean was impressed despite himself and despite the fact that the man’s moves had nothing to do with the music. The Angel pulled and slid and twisted himself into one crazy, contorted Cirque de Soleil position after another. He ended with his legs wrapped around the pole, upside down, hands braced against the floor, wearing only a sequined black and gold g-string, the black mask and antenna, and what looked like copious amounts of body glitter.
Dean passed the items over and watched while Meg pulled Cas’s arm out, shook salt over the inside of one of his wrists, downed the shot, licked the salt off of Cas’s wrist, and then sucked the lime between her cupid’s bow lips.
Dean saw Cas’s outline shrug.  “I couldn’t sleep.  I heard someone in the hall.  I assumed someone was coming to rob me.”
Dean loosened the knot on his tie and top three buttons on his dress shirt, and kicked his shoes off.
The song ended and Dean and the crowd stood transfixed. The bar was quieter than it had been all night - for three long seconds. Then the crowd burst into uproarious applause. Dean found himself clapping enthusiastically and - damn it - completely tenting his pants.
The bar wanted him to dress up, but fuck that he thought. They could just deal with it. Dean was not about to bartend all night during what was arguably the busiest night of the year in an uncomfortable costume. He pulled on his faded, ripped, tight jeans that made his ass look extra good and paired them with a black v-neck cut deeper than he’d typically wear. Well, he thought, he wasn’t above dressing to encourage tips. Lord knew he needed every dollar to pay for that new furnace before the weather got much colder.
“Thank you, Gabriel,” Cas said, clasping his brother’s shoulder. Dean was happy to note some of the color had returned to Cas’s cheeks.
“Man of Honor,” Cas said, hanging his coat on the hook, and unbuttoning and rolling up the cuffs his white dress shirt. “Nice to meet you.” He extended his hand, and Dean shook it without thinking. Cas’s grip was warm with just the right amount of pressure. He had some nice hands, hands that would look great wrapped around -
“I swear if you get glitter all over my back seat, I’m gonna kick your ass,” he said to the top of Cas’s head.
A corner of Cas’s lip twitched up in a ghost of a smile. The air was suddenly charged between them, as it had been back at the dance lesson. Dean wet his lips and watched as Cas’s eyes dropped to track the movement.
“You must really love her,” Dean said. “Because if I didn’t love Sammy this much, no way in hell would I do this, especially the ballroom dancing part - no offense,” he added quickly.
Dean looked at Cas, noticing more about him including the weird black hat he wore and the pie in both of his hands.  “Are you wearing a Pilgrim hat?” he asked.
Cas screamed and came over Dean’s hand.  Dean thrust in two or three more times, riding Cas through his orgasm, and came buried deep.
In the six months since, they had barely said more than that.  Castiel appreciated that Bobby knew when to shut up and was not the type of individual who felt the need to fill up silences with empty talk.  But seeing Bobby daily and drinking coffee next to him had become one of Castiel’s routines.  Which was why on this May morning when he sat down to his coffee and the sheriff was absent, he felt a nagging fear in the pit of his stomach.
“Fuck!” Dean yelled and threw his head back, groaning.  He pulled on Cas’s top, eager to feel his bare chest against his own.  Cas got the idea and leaning back pulled off the halter top.  He got stuck, arms tangled in the straps, and Dean helped him pull it off, tossing it to the floor.
He leaned in and rubbed his face over Cas’s cock. Cas gasped. Dean mouthed over Cas, tasting and smelling how turned on he was. He gripped Cas’s thigh and moved over to nip and suck a mark there just above one of the thigh highs.
“Hey-” Dean said sharply, and slammed his palm down onto the table, making Cas look up in surprise and meet his gaze. He didn’t know why but he couldn’t handle that look on Cas’s face. “You’ll get him. You’re gonna nail that son of a bitch,” he said.
Cas ground against Dean as the music played. Damn the guy must have muscles Dean hadn’t even heard of to get his torso to move like that. He felt so good, Dean buried his nose and face in Cas’s neck, breathing him in. He smelled, honest to God, like honeysuckle. Well - like clean man sweat and honeysuckle - but it worked for Dean and he growled into the space between Cas’s neck and shoulder and pulled him closer, grinding against him. Cas gasped and threw his head back.
“Jess found me. She got me help and she even transferred to U of C with me, where I could get financial aid and work to afford tuition,” Cas said. “When she said she wanted to go to law school, I couldn't imagine not living in the same city. My brother - Gabriel - he lived out in California, so it made sense to follow her to Stanford. And well, Gabriel got so used to us cleaning his place when we visited, he said he couldn’t possibly allow us to move out of state without him,” Cas smiled. “She and Gabriel are my family. And I would do anything for them,” he finished.
He lost track of time and then he felt Cas tug at the hair near the nape of his neck.  He lifted his head from where he’d been panting against Cas’s shoulder.  He met Cas’s eyes.
Cas just turned and fixed him with a look Dean recognized, one stupid superior eyebrow raised.  “It’s for charity, Dean.  TriDelta is donating all the money after the cost of booze to The Blue Bench.”
“Now, why don’t you two go home and tell Ben and Sam the good news? Oh and I got you the rest of the week off. Paid, even.” Gabriel said.
“Fuck, Dean, if you don’t - unngggh,” Cas’s threat ended in a moan as Dean finally took him into his mouth, sucking down his length slowly and pulling back.  It had been a while since he’d done this, but he’d worked Cas up so much he didn’t seem to notice Dean’s sloppy technique.
Dean leaned over to kiss him. “I am now.” He made to pull away and Cas grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him in for another kiss. Two kisses turned into eight as Cas followed Dean to the door. Dean laughed through the kisses as Cas, wrapped in nothing but the top sheet, made it really difficult for him to leave.
Dean ran his hands down Cas’s chest, under his arms and around to his shoulders, pulling him in.  He snuck a hand up into Cas’s hair and pulled his head back, mouthing over his collarbone.  He looked at Cas’s flushed cheeks, his heaving chest and his dark hair in the moonlight.
“I guess we both...needed that,” Cas said.  Dean nodded.  “But it can’t happen again,” he continued.
Bobby cleared his throat again.  “Well,” he said, “I reckon that about wraps things up.  By the power vested in me as sheriff of this town - even though it ain’t official, you know, for some bassackwards reason,” he grumbled, “I now pronounce you ‘idjit’ and ‘idjit.’  You may kiss the ‘idjit.’” he concluded.
“Maybe-,” Sam cleared his throat, “maybe it’s time to consider Doc Galverson’s suggestion...the sanitarium in Glenwood Springs?”
The MC stepped up to the front of the stage. Gabriel, Dean recalled, was his real name. Although on stage he went by ‘Loki.’ He wore skin-tight black leather pants and a circus ringmaster get up. He tipped his top hat. “And now, kiddies, the moment you’ve all been waiting for - I give you - straight from heaven - ‘The Angel!’”
Dean glanced at the digital clock on the nightstand. “Shit,” he swore sitting up and jostling Cas in the process. “I gotta get back, babe.”
Dean took a couple more steps, across the room checking out the speakers and sound equipment. He heard the door open and turned, thinking he’d see Peg. Instead, a guy about his age with a rumpled trench coat and a serious case of bed head walked in. He walked right up into Dean’s personal space and squinted at him, and oh, okay those were some gorgeous blue eyes, he thought. Dean licked his lips and watched the guy’s eyes track the motion before locking eyes with him again.
“Yes, ma’am,” Dean replied, nodding his head slightly and shifting to remove his jacket and hang it on the hooks near the foyer.
Cas looked helplessly at Dean over his shoulder and mouthed ‘help me,’ as Meg drug him out to the living room.
Warning for more smut :).  Sorry not sorry.  There will probably be two more chapters and I will try to get them done in the next week or so.  Thanks for reading!
Dean didn’t notice the second dancer until she was right up in Cas’s face.  She wore a skin tight bodysuit and thigh-high stiletto boots, both blood red.  Dean had no idea how she could walk let alone dance in those things.  She slid a hand down Cas’s chest and around his back.  As she turned away from the audience to face Cas, Dean noticed the barbed tail hanging from her backside and the red horns sticking out of her long, dark hair.  She moved and it looked like she was pulling Cas up with her hand, his back arched but Dean realized it was really Cas and his incredible, fluid core strength that supported the position.
Dean snorted.  “I think the word you’re looking for is ‘unlawful,’ Cas.  Alistair promised to let Sam go if I traded myself for him.”  Dean shrugged.  “I didn’t think about it.”
Dean sighed. Fourteen was a tough age. Sammy had been pretty awful at that age too, he thought, but Dean had been 18 and too busy chasing girls to dwell on it.
The runner stood, covered in mud from where he’d leapt into the ditch in order to avoid becoming road kill. He glared at Dean. If eyes could throw daggers, Dean would be pinned against Baby’s door. Dean sighed. Other than being extremely angry and dirty, he didn’t appear to be hurt. “Sorry!” Dean yelled through the glass and gave his best sheepish look. The man pulled himself up, flipped Dean off, and turned and ran back into the woods, his black and yellow running gear giving Dean the impression of a very pissed off bumble bee, buzzing off indignantly.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and looked down and did NOT blush like a schoolgirl with a stupid crush.
Dean turned his head and whispered low in Cas’s ear, “C’mon Cas, he’s out - let’s go to bed,” he finished nibbling at Cas’s ear lobe.
Cas dug his fingers into Dean’s shoulders, nipped at his bottom lip, tugging it between his teeth before letting it go.
He lost track of time for a minute. He was vaguely aware of someone pounding on the door and Cas trying to get his attention.
“Durango?!” Dean yelled.  He started to stand up and dust the pie crumbs off his chest.  Dean hoisted himself onto his crutches.  “I’m ready.  Let’s go.”
“I musta been maybe 8 - 9 when the men first started comin’ around,” he continued, “trying to get my Pa to sell.”  Dean smiled wryly.  “But Pa was as stubborn as a damned mule.  We had worked that land, he said, and we shouldn’t have to give it up because some bigshot in New York decided to lay track through it.”  Dean took a deep breath. “When they couldn’t buy us out, they started to threaten.  They killed our dog - left him on the porch for little Sammy to find.”  Dean shook his head.  “Bastards.  And then - then they sent him.”
He was surprised to find Cas waiting for him in the foyer after he went in. He hadn’t seen any other cars in the lot and he already knew Peg lived close enough to walk.
“Yeah,” Dean said, “something else is getting stronger too.” He pushed his leg between Castiel’s, and rubbed himself against Castiel’s cock.
Afterwards, Dean lay on his side facing Cas.  He ran his hand up and down Cas’s side from his shoulder to his hip and back up again.  His skin was so soft after the bath, Dean couldn’t stop touching him.  He trailed his fingertips up to Cas’s cheekbone and down the bridge of his nose, to his lips and down his chin.  Cas breathed softly.  Dean knew Cas’d be drifting off to sleep soon and he also knew he needed to leave before he fell asleep himself.  But he didn’t want to go.  Dean rolled onto his back and threw an arm behind his head; he couldn’t stop thinking about what the next few days would bring.
Two weeks before Christmas Dean found himself back behind the bar at Bottoms Up!, slinging drinks.  Gabriel and Cas were preparing for their holiday burlesque show and he got roped into picking up a shift and giving Cas a ride in the process.  What the hell, he thought.  Gabriel had made a very convincing argument about using the opportunity to save up for Ben’s future.  Dean shook his head and smiled to himself.  He really had no idea how, but it seemed like Gabriel could charm the knickers off a nun.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester. Ben’s a great kid and I look forward to working with him.” He released Dean’s hand, turned on his heel and left him slack-jawed.
“Not ready to come, yet,” he said breathlessly.  “Besides, I kinda wanna return the favor.” Dean grabbed Cas’s elbow and flipped him onto his back, kissing him thoroughly.
“So,” Dean said, clearing his throat, “it was okay? You liked it? Because I kinda feel like an idiot.”
Dean Winchester was not a fan of Valentine’s Day. Even so, he’d made arrangements to take a long lunch at the garage and meet Cas for lunch at a small cafe across town they both loved. Well, Cas loved it, Dean corrected in his head. Their fare was a bit too healthy for his tastes. He drew the line at vegan cupcakes.
Dean had no idea how he made it home without crashing Baby.  He parked as quickly as possible and raced around to Cas’s side to open the door for him.  Cas looked down, the blush on his cheeks deepening as he took Dean’s hand, letting Dean pull him out of the car.  They walked hand in hand up to the front steps.  Dean spared a second to worry about what nosy neighbors might think and then decided he didn’t give a damn.
Dean put his hand on Ben’s shoulder. He turned to Ben. “Do you want to tell me what happened?” he asked.
“Ben, I know you want to help but I got this,” he said. “Your job is to do the best you can at school so you can go to college like your Uncle Sam.”
Dean heard the footsteps before he saw who they belonged to. Shiny italian dress shoes marched down the hall toward them. He scanned up the figure, noting the clean lines of his suit before recoiling in shock at the man’s face. Gabriel, his face more solemn than Dean had ever seen it, nodded once at Dean and Cas and proceeded into Milton’s office.
Cas just looked at him. “I’m a doctor, Dean.  I swore an oath to ‘do no harm’ and I do not take oaths lightly.”
Dean shook his head. No, he thought. He wasn’t going to go there. He let his cocky, arrogant persona fall over him and got ready to defend Ben to whatever bs they were accusing him of this time.
“Cheers, Cas,” Dean said and raised his glass. Castiel smiled and clinked his glass against Dean’s. Damn it, he had a great smile, Dean thought. “To ‘moonlighting.’”
“Took advantage of the confusion while Sam and Bobby were trying to get to me, I guess.” Dean yawned.  He’d calmed down and was glad he’d finally been able to tell Cas what happened.
“Yeah.  Now, how about you fuck me so hard I forget my name?” Cas asked, his voice completely even, the fucker. “Please?” he added.
“Don’t worry,” Cas said and put a hand over one of Jess’s. “This is a pattern, and Judge Roman is not being particularly subtle about showing off what he’s purchased with the bribes. We’ll get the bastard,” Cas finished with a glint in his eye.
“No,” Dean said, and it came out harsher than he meant it to. “You are a good man, Cas, anyone who can’t see that is an idiot.”
Castiel sighed happily.  He glanced down at Dean.  He was so hard it looked painful.  Castiel wiped his seed off his belly and reached down to stroke Dean.  Dean shivered as Castiel coated him and pulled him between his legs, positioning him.  He pushed into Castiel slowly.  Despite his post-orgasm relaxation and the preparation, it burned and stretched and felt almost too-much.  But then Castiel looked at Dean’s face.  He would later swear Dean’s face was radiant at that moment, shining and glorious.  Dean bottomed out with a sigh.  He leaned down to kiss Castiel, open-mouthed, tongue demanding.
Dean slept better than he had in weeks.  After the conference with Cas, he’d been able to let go of the anxiety and guilt he’d been carrying around since Halloween.  He also cut back on Roadhouse shifts and started picking Ben up from school.  He’d chat with Cas and if they weren’t quite friends, well, at least they could say a few words to each other.
“Dean,” Sam started, moving toward his brother.  “Let us rest up and go check it out.  If we find him, we can send word back.”  Sam glanced at Castiel.  “And if Doc says you’re up for it, you can ride out and shoot him yourself,” Sam finished.
Of all the awkward holiday dinners Dean had experienced in his life, this one had to be tops.  Ben, of course, had been thrilled to have Cas show up and Cas, for his part, recovered quickly from the shock of seeing Dean.  Gabriel introduced Cas to Sam who then introduced them to Jess and her parents, Jess’s friend and co-worker Meg, and finally to Bobby and Ellen.
Sam nodded but he didn’t look convinced.  “You know I can still loan you the money for the furnace…”
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” he swore.  Dean ripped the front of his trousers open with his free hand, freeing himself while Castiel continued to suck his fingers.  He shucked his pants off and pulled his fingers from Castiel’s mouth.  He sucked Castiel down again and pushed his knees apart.  Dean traced his hole with a wet fingertip.  He pulled off and looked at Castiel, waiting.  Castiel nodded.  Dean licked a stripe up Castiel’s cock and pushed a finger in.  He worked Castiel open while sucking him.
“Alright, I understand,” Cas said. He heaved a sigh and pushed the hang up button on his touch screen before sliding the phone somewhere into that giant trench coat. He looked up and noticed Dean.
Castiel looked down at the offered hand and hesitated slightly before gripping it in his own. “Castiel Novak.  And you’re welcome.”  He released Sam’s hand quickly.  “But I’m not sure I saved him just yet.  The next couple of days are crucial.  He’ll need to stay here and be watched for signs of infection.”
Dean and Sam decided to check the horses before settling in for the night.  The walk to the stables and time grooming and feeding the horses gave them a chance to catch up.
“I’m worried about you, Dean,”  Sam said.  “You seem really distracted lately.  Is everything okay?”
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
Castiel placed his hands on Dean’s chest, feeling Dean’s heartbeat racing in time with his own.  He brushed gentle fingers to Dean’s injured shoulder, tracing the scar.  Dean inhaled sharply as Castiel leaned forward to let his lips follow his fingers, tweaking Dean’s other nipple as he mouthed over his shoulder.  Castiel moved down to Dean’s nipple, taking it in his mouth, licking and biting it gently between his teeth.  Dean growled at that and shoved his hips forward to rut against Castiel and mouth at Castiel’s neck.  Castiel didn’t recognize the keening noise he made as Dean sucked a mark into his collarbone.  He thought he surely would burst into flame with how hot his skin felt.  He was painfully hard and so was Dean judging by the way he could feel Dean pushing against him.
Cas put his hands up in a placating gesture.  “Dean, what’s wrong?” he asked.  He had removed the wings and draped that awful trenchcoat he favored over himself but it wasn’t tied and Dean could still see the shimmer of the gold shorts in the darkness.
Cas stepped forward and grabbed the lapels of Dean’s jacket in his fists and pulled him in. Just before their lips met, he whispered, “Me too. But you’re hotter.”
“Ooof,” Dean grunted. He rolled them over and pulled out of Cas. He didn’t want to move, but he got rid of the condom and grabbed a wet cloth for Cas. After they’d cleaned up a bit - well, he’d done most of the cleaning - Cas had laid there smiling like the cat who ate the canary, he pulled Cas into his chest and settled back onto the bed.
It was Dean’s turn to groan.  He moved the hand on Cas’s back lower and grabbing his ass pulled him close.  Cas gasped at the feel of Dean hard against him and Dean used the opportunity to claim his mouth again.  He backed Cas against the hard brick wall and covered him with his body.
She waved a manicured hand in his direction and then toward the door at the opposite corner of the room.
She danced around Cas, their bodies intertwining in some crazy parody of couples’ yoga.  As she moved she tore pieces of Cas’s costume away until he was left in only gold lamé shorts.  Finally she ripped the halo from Cas’s head and pushed him down onto his back.  He lay down on the stage and the song ended with one of her stiletto booted feet on Cas’s chest.  Dean felt his cheeks heat up.  He noticed Cas’s heaving chest and the intense stare between the two dancers.  The crowd roared.  Dean saw the woman pull Cas to his feet but he turned away before they could take their bows.
Dean turned to look at the copse of trees that decorated the southeast side of the meadow.  Cas and Bobby walked through together, their boots silent on the soft grass.  Bobby cleaned up pretty good, he thought.  His hair was slicked down and it looked like he’d had his beard trimmed.  Then Dean saw Cas.  He wore a blue suit two shades darker than his eyes.  His blue bow tie was crooked and tied wrong.  When he met Dean’s eyes, the blush on his cheeks with the color of his suit just made his beautiful eyes stand out more.  Dean’s breath caught in his throat.  Cas looked down at his hands and Dean noticed he carried a bouquet of wildflowers.
Thanksgiving arrived before Dean knew it.  “Shit,” he swore as he hustled around the kitchen, packing up the mashed potatoes he was taking over to Sam and Jess’s.  He refused to let Sam make them again, not after that “riced cauliflower” health bullshit he pulled last year.  Was nothing sacred anymore, he wondered.  Who the hell doesn’t want full-butter mashed potatoes and gravy on Thanksgiving, or as Dean thought of it in his head ‘National Gluttony and Football’ Day.
Dean, Cas, Sam and Jess celebrate Christmas. Dean decides to share that he and Cas are seeing each other only to find out the news is less surprising than he expected. Later, he inadvertently helps Cas crack the case against Judge Roman. (Note - I'm taking liberties with how legal things work and with the length of VIN (vehicle identification numbers) but I think Dean, as a mechanic and person who works on cars would recognize the pattern quickly.)
Dean sighed and looked down.  “Let me put it this way, Cas - I haven’t felt this way about anyone since, well...since Ben’s mom.”  He looked back up and met Cas’s eyes.  Cas’s face was serious, but his mouth hung open a bit.  “Besides,” Dean continued, “I don’t think I can keep my hands off of you,” he finished.
Sam came up to both of them, then, and hugged them in his big stupid moose arms and Dean held his son and let the tears fall.
Then he’d said the words that sealed Dean’s fate:  “Oh and it’s a skirt party, so you have to wear a skirt.”
Cas shoved his hand away and fixed him with a glare.  “Dean,” he hissed under his breath and nodded at Ben, who lay on the floor, snoring softly, pillow propped under his head.
Dean just looked at Sam.  He felt the blush creep up his cheeks and knew he was making an ‘I’m guilty-as-hell face.’
Warning for smut and mention of violent injury.  These two jerks were supposed to wait to do this, but they just couldn't.  Seriously, they are very naughty.
“Oh, I’m sure having you as a teacher is very motivating,” drawled Meg. Cas looked down, the blush on his cheeks deepening.  Dean was not amused.  Flirting was one thing, but open flirting at Thanksgiving dinner was not cool.
A woman with a bright auburn beehive wearing a long, flowing leopard print blouse over a low-cut black tank top emerged from around the corner. Despite the wrinkles at the corners of her eyes, Dean’s gaze tracked down over very long legs in very tight leggings, more out of curiosity than interest, to the tips of her toes painted the brightest red he’d ever seen and shoved into delicate, heeled sandals, which were covered in rhinestones. She had to be in her mid-sixties, thought Dean, taking in her tanned skin and impressive cleavage on display. Okay, maybe he was checking her out a bit.
The lamp sputtered and died as Dean finished the final volume covering Cas’s war career.  The volume ended with a single sentence:  “I will never kill again.”  Dean sighed and closed the book having dog eared some of the passages to read to Cas.   Tears slid down his cheeks; he now knew why Cas was the way he was.  And he feared the only way to get him back was to drag him back through hell again.
