Yes. This was definitely beyond any word could describe, even more than love, more than friendship, more than lovers, more than... any other label. They were just them.
"How…?" Lestrade had his hands in his pockets as he talked to the detective. John was buttoning his jacket up, smiling. He knew Lestrade didn't doubt Sherlock; his questionings were always out of curiosity. Sherlock's lips curved up a bit.
They tried to catch their breath. Sherlock moved lazily still panting; he saw John's struggling with his legs at both sides of him and he moved to the side, sitting on the bed next to him, looking the glow of the mess they had between their stomachs and chests.
"Okay, okay. I’ll search for the connection... and the samples." John let out a sigh and Sherlock frowned at the other side of the line. "You scared me, Sherlock."
"Everything good, Marie." Sherlock sipped his coffee and let out a loud and satisfactory sigh. A soft chuckle could be heard from under the blankets.
John closed the browser and his laptop. The clock behind his head struck half eight. His phone pinged to announce a message.
"John." Sherlock said tilting his head further. "Did I ever thank you for uh... that thing at the pool. You were willing to give your life for me... that was uhm... really..." John smiled at the detective's loss of words.
John placed the oil next to Sherlock’s thigh and put a bit on his hand as he moved to Sherlock’s right side, his hand casually smearing a bit of the oil on the first slide. “Blue slide, almond,” he murmured and Sherlock nodded. “So,” John added then in a casual tone, “Tell me about your day, William.”
, in which John heard Sherlock say things he'd never imagined, not even in his craziest fantasies... he'd had a wet dream. But once more, he didn't do anything to relieve his state. This morning he had stepped into the shower, his will resolved to finish it once and for all, but he couldn't. He just had stared to the water falling over the tiles and down his own body. Instead doing anything else, he opted to turn the cold water on.
Armand placed both of his hands over Sherlock's knees and moved them up his thighs a little and then back down.
“Is a hug not enough?” Sherlock sounded genuinely puzzled. “You already have the slides, just put them
“You are thinking really hard,” Sherlock said, completely ignoring how a simple word caused him to blush. He placed his hands on the table behind him for support. John didn’t say anything but took off his jumper and threw it on Sherlock’s pile of clothes. He looked at Sherlock almost defiantly. He was panting a bit, his body trying to catch up with the drumming of his heart.
"Sherlock, please explain..." The detective clenched his jaw and his fists at the question. Then he started to talk rapidly.
Sherlock absently rubbed his eyes. "I know." He stated. Amusement still evident in his voice. His lips remained curved in a smile as he watched John type something on his laptop. Then the doctor clicked loudly on the touch-pad, letting Sherlock know the entry was posted.
John lifted his eyebrows trying not to reflect on his face the little party inside his head right now. Mentally, he was shaking his own hand for not losing the calm there. He could understand why Sherlock felt so triumphant every time he did it. Indeed. It felt...
his lips moved without a sound, looking at Sherlock, the detective just shook his head and lifted his shoulders, his lips still parted seeking for extra air.
"Yes, there is a whole rumour about it, we found the blood pool on the roof top but the body... He was not... The criminalists tested the DNA and-"
“I’m still waiting, you know,” John said, his voice barely above a whisper, conscious of the 60 decibels. He closed the toilet lid and sat on it, resting his elbows on his knees. He and Sherlock weren’t physically close in their positions, but John felt as if they were touching and it burned. He fought the need to sit further away.
Sherlock fell back to his pensive state, ignoring John when he turned, muttered a "right" and went to his room.
His treacherous mind supplied a track of Sherlock’s voice instead, his quick panting, his soft groans. That – rather spectacular – first moan that had escaped his lips in the massage room completely uncensored, completely pornographic.
"Oh... because of your voice. I have to tell you, dear, I want to hear much more of what that incredible voice can do."
"Woo-hoo!" called the friendly voice. John smiled tightly when she opened the door with a tray in her hand, then rolled his eyes at his companion, "Boys, I brought you some goodies we prepared with Mrs. Turner this afternoon. Sherlock has a sweet tooth I know that much." She started, smiling at the detective who wasn't moving from his position, rummaging whatever there was in the little space behind the sofa and the wall. John cursed mentally; the image of Sherlock's arse up in the air almost right next to his head wasn't helping much to the current situation, so he stood quickly, helping Mrs. Hudson and heading to the kitchen, just hopping she didn't notice the half erection tenting the fabric of his trousers. He smiled at himself. No matter what, he could never be angry at her.
“I mean it. It can be dangerous for Rosie. I’m going to burn this chair down.” He was rubbing the wet flannel against the chair now. “But maybe if I dilute it with water first…”
There was a small pause in which John seemed as if he was going to fly and disappear on the spot, but then as always, he surprised Sherlock. He looked like a man throwing all caution to the wind; he removed his hand from Sherlock’s grip, slid both hands up on Sherlock’s torso, letting his fingertips almost graze his nipples as he whispered, very serious and looking right into Sherlock’s eyes, “Then don’t.”
"Oh." Sherlock recalled that, "if you mean fellatio, yes, it was very close. I didn't deep-throated you though, I just sucked the tip... it was a very interesting flavour."
“Hold still.” Sherlock took Martin’s wrist from John’s hand and rubbed the slide around Martin’s palm like putting butter onto a piece of bread. John sat back down to look at the process. Martin’s eyes were glued to the concentrated face inches from his own, but flicking back to the scientific process that was going on around his and Sherlock’s hands.
With the position they were now in, Sherlock's breathing was right on John's neck and shoulder. John thought painfully about the layer of clothing between his skin and Sherlock's mouth, but soon he shook his head, hard, still panting, trying to discard those thoughts.
“Not if you wash your hands first, William.” Was John trying to clean the charged air? Back to the previous game?
“You do that, with a lot of fuss if possible.” He winked. Mrs Hudson’s grin grew even wider in understanding.
"Tonight!" the voice spoke loudly again, he couldn't tell where it came from, "tonight will be in your mind forever, I already know the process, Sherlock... you and I are just the same! Our attention is focused and then we want to learn everything about a matter as long as our mind is stimulated. Did John do just that? Did he stimulate your mind the way you wanted? Because I'm certain he did, you are a horny little bastard in the end, aren’t you?" the voice continued. The speech was fast and with a lot of variations in the pitch.
"Jesus..." John whispered, walking to his room "okay, good night, but you wake me up in case anything happens. Don't trust you going alone anywhere without any sleep."
He recalled John's words as he made his way to Sherlock's body, he recalled the sensation of John's hand taking his pulse, even if his arm was almost completely numb thanks to the little rubber ball under his armpit.
you were, but in a good way.” John looked at his own phone and then to the door of the bathroom, without really knowing what to do. He gave a short laugh as he straightened in his improvised seat. “I never imagined I was going to be locked in a bathroom today, the open lid is more comfortable than the closed one.”
"About?" John gave Sherlock his cup, who sipped immediately on it, making a face as he burned his tongue.
Sherlock furrowed his brows and nose at the question, visibly annoyed. "Why would I want to discuss that matter with
"Sorry to interrupt, boys..." Lestrade lifted his brows looking at John, who had closed his eyes and thinned his lips, in an attempt to regain his patience back. "I didn't know you had a fixation in your flatmate's sleeping habits!"
“Oh, you know.” Sherlock took off the heavy glasses, a red spot high on his nose, a smug grin playing around his mouth, “I have my charms.”
And that day, Sherlock proved one of many points of John Watson. His limp was indeed psychosomatic and he was not going to spoil what Sherlock had ever proved or fixed in him. The pain was there, present, bothering, but he stepped hard on the floor again. Keeping the pain away was a way to keep Sherlock with him, at some point, so he choose to ignore it. He looked at himself on the mirror again. He was a bit thinner and he smiled as the word
“Sherlock may tell everyone that he’s heartless, but I know for a fact that he isn’t. So good luck with that.”
Both of them jumped up at the same time, Sherlock running across the open area to the tree line that would allow him to safely get to the backside of the house.
“What are these supposed to mean?” John asked, as he finished pinning the last one to the wall. The eyes of the yellow smiley face were poking above them.
John looked the right, and saw what looked like an empty living room and dining area. To the left he saw what looked like a traditional private library, with one high-backed chair turned with its back to the entrance way. John walked that way. He walked over to the chair, and moved quickly in front of it, only to find that it was empty.
This continued into 1 am. Neither had realized how late it had gotten, and had hardly eaten any of the food.
John went to the chair, and looked inside the bag. “Cranberry juice and a lighter?” John said incredulously as he pulled out the items. “What on earth are you planning to do with these?” He said, knowing very well that he wouldn’t get answer.
Sherlock thought for a moment, then started opening one of the oysters, throwing it to the side when he found it empty. “Help me open all these.” He said without stopping his work. John, Lestrade, and two of the other officers bent down and started cracking open the oysters.
“Nothing.” John said, sullenly. He looked up at Sherlock, and thought back to the morning, and what Molly had said about why Sherlock had really jumped. He had been thinking about it most of the day. Part of his mind couldn’t stop thinking “he did it for me” but the other part of his mind was telling him that he wasn’t the only one who had been in danger. Lestrade and Ms. Hudson also had been in the line of fire.
“Oh, it’s too terrible.” Mrs. Hudson said, moving into the room and taking Rosie from Sherlock’s arms as both men started to move out of the room.
John stood up, sat Rosie in Sherlock’s lap, and then left the room. Sherlock heard him moving up the stairs to his and Rosie’s room, a moment of silence, then the crashing of many different items against a wall.
Molly visited. They didn’t discuss much, but Molly did leave some flowers on the table in the room. They were a bright color in the sea of white.
John interrupted him. “I love you Sherlock. I always have, even if I didn’t always show it, or know it myself, and I always will.”
“Please remind me why we have a baby with us?” Sherlock said looking down at the stroller John was pushing, with Rosie in it as they approached the market.
“No you weren’t.” Sherlock shot back. Mycroft just shrugged. “How long have you been under his thumb?” Sherlock said harshly.
Sherlock went first. As they entered a wispy voice said “Sherlock Holmes. I’ve been expecting you. And you bring a friend. John Watson I presume?”
“Busy!” John called out, and the footsteps of the room service person moved down to the next door. After that  they were both quick in getting up and getting ready.
“We’re going to get you out of here.” Sherlock told Rosie. “But we can’t leave without your daddy. So you have to stay here and be good, and I’m going to go find him. Then we’ll go back home, and nothing bad will ever happen to you again.”
Sherlock stepped back as John stepped forward, both preparing to do something, but neither sure what.
John looked at the phone and saw a photograph of a women with the top half of her face covered in a light purple fabric, with her hands positioned in front of her face, her lips in a half smile. Right underneath the photo, the caption read “famous physic visits London, located;…” and then an address only a five minute walk from Baker Street.
Both John and Sherlock slept later than they had intended, not waking up till the sun was fully in the sky, and room service was knocking at the door.
“I think he likes whatever these cards are supposed to mean.” Sherlock replied, pacing about, then taking his phone out of his pocket and opening a web browser.
“I’m not sure what good this list will do us.” John said putting his pencil down and stretching. Sherlock moved the top paper, and looked to see what John had been writing underneath it. Below it was a list of things that had to do with Mary. Where he had met her, anything she had ever said that had made John think for a second, and the little they knew about her past.
John processed this information, brain still foggy from the pain killers. He thought about what Lestrade had just said, about Sherlock being next to him after he had been shot. John’s memory started to come back. He could remember not being able to see. And someone’s, presumably Sherlock’s, hand pressed to his wound.
Everyone else had gone home now. Mrs. Hudson had taken Rosie home, saying they would come back as soon as they could. Lestrade had gone back to his house, to rest. Mike Stanford had tried to stay longer, but eventually had gotten a call from someone, and then he left. Harry, who hadn’t spoken to Sherlock ,but had stared at him the entire time, had left as soon as she was done talking to John. And Molly also had left.
After talking to the stall owners, examining the space and distances between them, and looking at the ground and the clear glass ceiling above them, they were unable to find anything out of the ordinary.
“No. What if it’s got a bomb, or is toxic?” John said. “We can’t bring it in there with Mrs. Hudson, and my daughter.”
Then the sound of a gunshot filled the air. Sherlock looked down at his chest, expecting to see blood, but then feeling or seeing nothing. Looking up he saw Mary, a pool of blood gathering around her chest, before she fell to the ground.
Sherlock’s eyes had glazed over, and John knew he was trying to figure something out. But that would take too long.
John looked down at the papers again, this time looking for the line Sherlock had described. And sure enough, as soon as he let his focus off of their pictures, he could see the lines, and then soon see how they resembled London.
The officer who had been speaking to Lestrade looked reluctant, but ordered the rest behind him to move forward and carry out Lestrade’s order.
Then another sudden thought jolted into his mind. He had left Rosie with Sherlock. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust him with her, but he had once explained to Sherlock that children of a certain age could not be expected to care for themselves, and most certainly should not be allowed to play with a lighter.
At almost exactly the same time, two gun shots went off. This was then followed by the sound of one standing body hitting the floor, and then another body following.
John sat across from Sherlock bouncing Rosie, who was very content, on his knee. “I’m sorry Mrs. H.” He said “I’ll try to let you know next time we need to go out.”
Eventually John noticed a large red stuffed animal lobster, which was what the bar code had been for. After looking closer at the stalls around it, they were able to find the rest of the items at different stalls.
There was a deafening silence throughout Baker Street that made even Sherlock feel uncomfortable. John hadn’t said anything. Just slowly looked away from Sherlock and down at the child in his hands. Rosie looked up at him, and reached her hands up to softly grab his nose. She smiled as she did so, and let out a string of garbling sounds.
“Well isn’t this nice.” Moriarty droned out. “The three of us, together again. But oh, wouldn’t it be better if it was just the two of us again Sherlock? Like up on that roof.”
Even after the events on the tarmac—a hand shake that was not nearly close to a proper finish to what they had shared—there were other times he had come close. After his near-fatal overdose he knew, if was somewhat ignoring it that if he were to fail, or fall, John would be there for him.
“I’m not going to let that happen.” Sherlock said. “It’s not you he wants. He wants me, but he’s decided that the only way to get to me, is to threaten you.” He said, repeating Mycroft’s words from the day before.
It didn’t take long for them to find the rooms they had been in so long ago. The checked under tables, and under chairs. Rummaged through drawers, neither quite sure what exactly they were hoping to find.
This side of the house had no lights on, so Sherlock felt his way through the dark hallway until entering a room where natural light was coming through a window. Sherlock examined the room, taking in the worn run, the dusty tables, and stuck in the farthest corner of the room, a cradle. Sherlock rushed over to it, and sighed when he saw Rosie there, sleeping. She looked calm and relaxed, because of course she had no idea the danger she was in.
“You think you’re so clever Sherlock.” Mary said in a crooning voice. “Even after I almost killed you, you told John I saved you.”
“Well the guy in the taxi cab, with all the bomb stuff drove away—we’re tracking him right now—and so me and the actual police officers stormed inside. You were bleeding against a desk, and Sherlock was with you. One of my guys called another ambulance, and then I went over to check on Moriarty. He’s defiantly dead this time. Thanks to you.” Lestrade explained.
John clenched up at the thought of what Moriarty might take from them hear. Sherlock must have thought the same thing, because when he replied it was strained. “And what would that be?”
The 5 different stalls were all located within one circular area of the market, with one at each side.
John thought back to many years ago, when he had been discussing Sherlock’s emotions with Mycroft. They had been discussing the whole Irene Adler thing, and John had said “He’s acting heartbroken, but then again he’s always like that.”
“You realize that everything we’ve worked on in the past two months is in complete danger now? John is in danger.” Sherlock said, leaning his hands on the table. John was standing behind him, arms crossed, but a small look of surprise darted across his face.
John smiled. He wanted to take her in his arms, and never let go again, but as a doctor, understood that he really shouldn’t.
“Guess I best get this to the professionals.” Lestrade said, smiling now. “Man is Liverpool going to be upset when they hear that Scotland Yard found their precious pearl. This thing could be worth millions.”
Sherlock had just arrived at the swimming pool where he and John had truly first meet Moriarty, and seen what he was capable of. It was where John had had a bomb strapped to his chest, and one of the first times Sherlock had really been confronted with how much John mattered to him.
Sherlock was already back at the table, again examining the papers with the hidden tarot cards on them.
“No. No.” John said, trying to come up with a good excuse to be here. “Guess I just needed to see it for myself.”
John didn’t reply, but instead opened the website for his blog. There were all his latest entries, a couple pictures on the side. Nothing seemed out of place. Of course his writing wasn’t as good as it normally had been, but he didn’t think it was terrible either. He couldn’t think at all why anyone who he met that knew about the blog kept saying negative things wrong with it.
Sherlock had reached the back side of the house and was happily surprised to find a door, and even more pleased to see that it was unlocked. Part of Sherlock’s brain wondered why it was so easy to get in, but the only thoughts that held any merit at that point, where the ones about how he needed to get to John.
Sherlock had been getting ready for bed as well, when he too remembered what had happened earlier. After he was done in the bathroom, he went back out to the living room, to see what he could do to help, but John had already fallen asleep on the couch, with not blankets on.
“Don’t.” John said. Hoping that his voice would be enough to bring Sherlock back to reality. Moriarty still had the gun pointed at Sherlock. But Moriarty’s attention was completely focused on Sherlock.
Sherlock stood rotted to the spot on the pavement as the cab pulled away into traffic. He heard the door of Baker Street open and close, and Mrs. Hudson came and stood in front of Sherlock.
He opened his mouth, and then closed it again. He had never had problems saying what was on his mind before, but this seemed so very different. He tried telling himself that they were just words, that carried no real meaning, but he also knew that they did. The only time he had ever said these words before was to his dog, Redbeard.
John’s lips narrowed, but he nodded.  He handed Sherlock one of the papers with locations written on it, and they set off, walking outside the hotel together, then walking different directions on the street.
Sherlock shook his head, and caught the one that Lestrade tossed over to him. “Great screening process Scotland Yard has! What is this, half of your force, working for Moriarty?” He said.
Sherlock, still without looking at her replied. “How long have I known you worked for Moriarty? Well you confirmed it when you came here just now. So quickly, responding to a text from an unknown number, and rushing here.” Now Sherlock stood, and faced her. “You were afraid when you walked in here. You thought he had come back.”
“More likely we find different stalls that sell these items that are located close together, and then find out what they have in common, or what lies between them.” Sherlock replied.
Ciarda hung her head. “He told me to give you both a reading, out of different types of cards that he provided. I never saw him though. Only heard his voice.”
“The blonde lady is in two of them. The pond, and that one there is looking out…hey, doesn’t that look like Bart’s?” John said.
“No.” John said. “Now I do the talking. I’ve thought about what I want to say. I’ve tried millions of speeches, trying to explain everything. But then I realized that not everything needs explaining. We’re a bit of a mess, you and I.” John said. He laughed a little, and now feeling more confident, made eye contact with Sherlock, who looked back at him. “There’s no way I can put into words what you’ve done for me. We have a bit of a complicated past. But it’s the past now. Right now is something new, and tomorrow will be new, and the day after that will be new. But I think that if we always do it together, we can deal with new.”
It took about 10 minutes for Lestrade and a crew from Scotland Yard to arrive at the market, get people out of the way, and set up yellow police tape. Lestrade had tried questioning Sherlock about what might be under the concrete lump, but Sherlock hadn’t given any clues. There was the usual taking pictures of everything before they could remove the concrete to figure it out, and quite a crowd had grown around the outskirt of the small plaza. After pictures and notes were taken, a worker carefully was able to chip away at the spot.
“You’re not allowed to ask me that.” Mrs. Hudson said. “You’re the one that’s lying in a hospital bed.”
“No more talking.” Mary said, changing her stance for a better shooting position, then moving her finger to pull the trigger
John raised his hand halfway to them, then the driver rolled down his window, and pointed a shot gun at John’s chest. “Go.” He said gruffly.
“Is there anything else Moriarty wanted you to do?” Sherlock asked, looking up from the cards in front of him.
Quite some time passed before Sherlock spoke to anyone. John had given up trying to ask what he was looking for, and had sat down to read the paper when he finally heard Sherlock’s chair moving out from the table behind him.
Sherlock let go of his tight grip on the side of the cradle, and walked back out to the hallway. Standing still for a moment, he let his eyes adjust. Now he could at least see a bit more of where he was going. He walked down the hallway, peeking into every door. Finally he opened the door at the end of the hall, and there was a brightly lit area. Though tall windows he could see the front yard. It appeared that the shooting had ceased for the moment.
John was about to open his mouth to tell her, but then remembered the note they had gotten from Moriarty. Not to go to the police. Not to ask for help.
The man held up an explosive detonator. “I’ve got C4 running throughout the wall of that house, and in some of your cars back there. They’ve been there for days. So you best back up and go sit in your cars, or everyone you know here is gonna be in pieces all over these trees.”
“The meaning of these types of cards varies widely depending on which direction they are drawn. Only during a reading will you be able to find out what these cards are supposed to mean for you.” She said, stepping back into her false accent.
Each time the door to John’s hospital room opened, he became more and more disappointed with each new person that wasn’t Sherlock.
They did not have to wait much longer. The next afternoon Greg Lestrade walked in the door, breathing heavy. “You’re not going to believe this.” He said in his heavy accent.
Outside, Lestrade saw that several more police cars had pulled into the dirt road, and a few officers rushed to meet him.
John and Sherlock locked eyes, and Sherlock knew that John was wondering about Rosie. He briefly nodded his head. John’s eyes shut in relief, before opening again.
The list consisted of not only places that they had seen Moriarty, such as Barts, and the pool, but also places that had to do with cases that had always been tied into Moriarty. This list was much longer, and included the buildings where John had shot the cabbie their first time together, the art museum with the forged paintings, and many others.
John turned his back to Sherlock and the others, and walked to the building, onto the porch, and opened the door. Stepping in, he was surprised to see that the inside of the house was in much better shape than the outside. A chandelier lit the entrance hallway, and the two wings to either side were lit as well.
A minute or so later the door opened. John had been expecting to see Sherlock, but instead was greeted by Mrs. Hudson, and his daughter.
“Of course it doesn’t” Sherlock said as he moved more into the light, examining the parcel. With careful fingers he reached in, and pulled a stack of papers. Some of them had different styles of bar-codes; others had drawings that looked to be from children’s books. The first of these was of a knight with curly brown hair going in to attack a red dragon. The next drawing showed the dragon transforming into the devil, and in the next, the devil was holding the knight, poised to sallow him.
“Good.” Moriarty said, a smile slipping across his face. “Now kick it so you can’t reach it and I’ll put mine down.”
Everything hurt. His head hurt, his chest hurt, everything seemed painful. Opening his eyes and seeing bright lights in a white room hurt. Before his eyes could open any further than a crack a nurse rushed in and tended to some of the beeping computers, and other things that John assumed were keeping him alive.
So Sherlock bent down and placed the gun on the floor in front of him. John let out a shaky sigh of disappointment.
John was imaging all the worst scenarios that could take place when they arrived. He didn’t like the outcome of a good number of them.
“We all are in danger.” Mycroft said. “We always have been. It’s not my fault Dr. Watson decided to shoot his wife.”
Sherlock nodded. The rest of the officers had crowded around now, wanting to get a good look at the famous pearl that had gone missing, and now was apparently found. The crowds of people being held back by the police tape started getting nosier as well.
The door was open slightly, allowing one to see that there was a large brown parcel on the front step. Sherlock stepped out first, bending down to look closer at it. He could see a large amount of blood had started seeping through one corner of it, and onto the pavement. John was right behind, saw what was happening, and moved down onto the street, looking for someone who could have dropped it there.
John’s first stop was Bart’s. He took a cab to get there, as the faster he could check as many places as possible the better. His own daughter was missing. He couldn’t believe how oddly calm he felt, and once he realized that he felt terribly guilty.
“If you truly believed you were physic you wouldn’t have asked that, you would have told us.” Sherlock said, but took the seat to the left anyway. John sat in the one next to him.
During this time Sherlock had avoided John. He had no idea what John would say to him, and thought that perhaps they would ignore it for today.
John sighed shakily. “If we decide to go it alone, we can’t go back to Baker Street. Ms. Hudson will know.”
Sherlock looked over the pictures again. “The mermaid and the birds are too random. There must be other meanings to them. Have you check to see if there’s any secret messages on them?” Sherlock asked.
He set Rosie down in a pack-and-play and went up to the room to see what he would be able to use. Rosie’s crib was still fine, but all the blankets and pillows on his bed either were torn, or had his blood on it. He moved the crib downstairs, and set Rosie in it, giving her a stuffed animal and blanket.
John looked up at him. At first surprised by Sherlock saying ‘we’ and also surprised that he planned to go against Moriarty without the help of his brother.
“If you take care of that I can look closer at the drawings, and try to guess what they might have to do with our past, and connection with Moriarty.” John said, not truly believing that Sherlock would agree to it.
Ciarda reached behind her, and grabbed her own deck of cards, sorting through them until only 10 were left out, the other 62 she set aside. Sherlock returned the original papers to his pocket. Ciarda carefully shuffled the small deck, before laying 5 in front of John, and the other 5 in front of Sherlock, with exaggerated hand movements.
Lestrade pushed his way past the wall of officers he had been made to stand behind and looked into the window of the cab.
They were both breathing heavy, and John felt a stab of guilt. He wasn’t sure about what though. He set the book on the side table, and walked into the kitchen to clean the cut on his hand, and wrap some gauze around it. Moving back into the room, he sat on the floor and leaned against the bottom of Sherlock’s chair. Soon his anger completely seeped out of him, and was also left feeling tired. Without realizing he also fell asleep, his upper body supported by Sherlock’s legs.
Finally they cooled off. John had went out to the street, and brought back some food to the hotel room. Sherlock was laid across one of the two beds in the room, scanning websites for anything that could be of help.
They were now by the door leading outside. Both didn’t say anything for a moment, instead thinking about the memoires that this dark hallway had. Of their first day together, after running down the cabbie, and leaning against the wall laughing. Of all the times Sherlock would put on the hat, and him and John would walk out the door to talk to the news reporters. Of the time they laid side by side on the stair case, for John’s stag night. And of this moment now.
One of them was for a bag of oysters, another for a brand-less perfume, a jellyfish stuffed animal, red lipstick, and colored eye contacts. After thinking about it, he decided that the oysters and the jellyfish would be connected, and the perfume, lipstick and contacts would also have something to do with each other.
At Barts Sherlock carefully set the package on one of the clean countertops. John followed him in, and both sighed in relief.
“As well as someone who was shot could be.” John said, and then realized that Lestrade was holding his side, and could see lots of gauze and bandages under his shirt. “What happened to you?” John asked.
“After Sherlock…jumped, did you hear anything else up here?” John said, trying to sound casual, but wondering if this could perhaps tell them how Moriarty could have lived.
“Hand me the cranberry juice and one of those cotton swabs over there.” Sherlock said without standing up from leaning over the page.
Sherlock’s mouth opened a little in surprise at this. “Moriarty is dead, you don’t have to be afraid” He tried saying before getting interrupted again.
“Do you think Moriarty actually believes in this stuff? Like the fates and fortune?” John asked, still puzzled by the random turn of events.
They weren’t able to rule out that it could be some sort of bloody bomb, so John refused to take any sort of public transit. Instead, they walked the entire way. Mostly they had gotten strange looks, with the blood continuously seeping out of the brown package, but one police officer had stopped to question them.
In reality, Rosie was the first to wake up. And she woke up screaming. Her cries sent both John and Sherlock upright. Sherlock, a tiny bit embarrassed to have been found sleeping on the floor next to John, and John, confused to find that at some point in the night blankets had been put on top of him, and even more surprised to see Sherlock’s curly head of hair pop up into view from where he was laying on the ground.
Mrs. Hudson started to protest, but gave the cell phone in her pocket to him. Sherlock took off down the street in which the cab had gone. As he walked he dialed Lestrade, and told him the number of the cab that needed to be tracked. “Get officers to wherever it stops.” Sherlock demanded.
Sherlock, looking up from some papers and small vials he had in his hand said “You knew it before me. We can’t trust him. Not when it comes to Moriarty. Who knows what else he is holding against my brother. He could tell him anything.”
“Glg brx plvv ph? Hmh csy qmww qi? Eje zpv njtt nf? Fkf aqw okuu og? Glg brx plvv ph?” was just the first line of text, followed by several dozen more. Scrolling past the nonsense and into the comments, they didn’t recognize any names they knew. No comments from Mrs. Hudson, no comments from Molly Hooper. Not even any from the famous The Improbable One. Simply names without faces, all commented something that included a lot of question marks.
Sherlock was the first awake, but didn’t move at all, after realizing that both Rosie, and now John were now sleeping against him. The room was silent, except for their breathing. His mind felt oddly still. There weren’t the million distracting thoughts running through his head like normal. He felt present in his body, in his mind, and in the moment, which was something that hadn’t happened to him for a long time.
“I will let you know at the end of the session.” She said, with a little smirk. With that she took the pages, and examined both sides of all of them.
He carefully examined the water, the tiles, everything. Nothing seemed to suggest that Moriarty had been here recently. He found himself standing in the same spot he stood so many years ago, and imagined the scene in his head. He saw John, with the red scope dots all over him.
“I’ve got about 10 missed calls from Ms. Hudson.” He said, setting down the brown paper bag of food on the small table.
John started pacing. Sherlock stood up fully, and then handed John a small piece of scrap paper with scratchy handwriting on it. It read; “This time, don’t go to your little police friends. You don’t tell anybody.”
Sherlock left the store, folding the papers and putting them in his coat pocket. His travels had brought him down to the River Thames and he peered down into its murky waters. The barcode items had not at all been what he had expected.
Sherlock’s hands relaxed a bit, and John sighed. “Give us the reading, or whatever you call it then.” John said.
John couldn’t think of what to say now. He couldn’t believe that after all this time, all this time he had been going through his life, in love with a man he never thought he could have. All the time he had spent trying to feel the same way about someone else, someone who had hurt him in so many other ways. He couldn’t think of the words to use to explain this to Sherlock. To tell him that of course he loved him. That he wanted to spend the rest of his life with him. That every moment John had thought Sherlock had been dead, John had considered trying to join him, in some sort of perceived after-life. He thought all these things and many others, while Sherlock stood in front of him, eyes cast to the ground. John also knew that he needed to wait until he was complexly off pain killers, and standing on his own two feet to try to say any of this. He explained this last part to Sherlock.
An hour later Rosie was awake again, crying for a bottle. Still awake John stood up to take care of her. He couldn’t help but wish that he still had someone to share these responsibilities with, but not her. If Mary had loved him, she never would have shoot Sherlock, or tried to do it a second time. John’s own love had been in question since then, only put out of question when Sherlock had reassured him that Mary had also ‘saved’ Sherlock. But now he knew that wasn’t true. If she had ever loved him in an unselfish way, she never would have tried to kill him.
“Unless they mean something individually.” John said, one arm folded across his chest, the other holding his chin up. “Like that one with the three puppets. Mycroft, Mary, and well who would the other one be?”
Honestly I'm just kind of making this up as I go, with certain points I want to hit along the way. So don't fight me or anything.
Molly continued. “Sherlock thought he would be able to outsmart him that he would be able to walk off this roof, and go home. But then Moriarty told him that if he didn’t jump, you, Mrs. Hudson, and Greg Lestrade would die, that he had snipers placed on the three of you.”
“Because Moriarty knows how to get to you.” John said, pulling out his phone and trying to call Ms. Hudson.  “He’s done it before. She’s not going to be any safer than Rosie.”
Finally, the pain from the cut in his hand broke through into his thoughts. He looked down and was surprised to see how deep the cut was, and how much blood had been dripping on the floor. Then, he looked up and saw that the room was a complete and utter disaster. There was no way he or Rosie would be able to sleep here for a while.
He almost told him, once the drugs had worn off. Almost told him that he hadn’t taken any of those drugs after finding out about Moriarty, and needing to get to his ‘mind-palace’. He had taken those all before even getting on the plane. He knew he was going to die anyway, so why wait till his last memory of John Watson’s face had grown pale and distant? But Mary was still there then. Carrying what he and John both thought to be John’s baby. There was no way he could have told him again then.
Also, John couldn’t ignore the fact that the death and the hanged man card, had both been given to him, and on the original papers from Moriarty, were the ones that had the Mary looking figure on them.
John processed this information. He had always been hurt that Sherlock would leave him alone, thinking he was dead for three years, simply to go off and hunt Moriarty’s network. He thought it might be hurting him more knowing the real truth. But then he thought about something else Molly had said.
“I mean, if we tell Lestrade, he’s gonna know somehow.” John continued. “This whole thing must have been a trap.”
Sherlock tried to wait up for John to come out of the bathroom, but before he knew it he had fallen asleep on one of the beds. His last thought, was wondering why it took so quick for things to fall apart, and so long to be able to put them back together.
Sherlock was also thinking back to the events on the tarmac. His overdose. The bride. He proved that she was able to survive ‘blowing her own brains out.’ All she needed was help. Shaking his head back and forth for a moment, he wondered to himself how he could have thought that Moriarty had actually died, after going through all that. Of course he learned a lot of other things during that overdose, but his mind had proved that Moriarty could have survived.
He thought back to sitting in his chair earlier, and what he had spoken out loud. He had almost forgotten it had happened. Almost forgotten that those words had actually left his mouth. Even if John hadn’t been awake to hear it. Then he remembered John saying “we do this one together” back at Barts. And he found himself wondering if John had things he had trouble saying out loud too.
“She’s the sniper. In the pool where we first meet Moriarty, and then on Bart’s she would have been the one who was aiming at you.” Sherlock said.
“Mary don’t. I can help you. I promised you that. I promise it to you now. Think of what John will think if you shoot me.” Sherlock pleaded.
“We’re going to have to do it ourselves. If we tell anyone, he’ll know, just like he knows everything else. He has her.” John said, decided.
“Oh, but imagine if he didn’t have a heart. Imagine us two together then.” Moriarty said, arms sweeping behind his neck.
“I don’t know, I just saw someone had come up here, and wanted to check on them.” She said. “We’ve always had some problems with people being on this roof.”
It was a couple minutes later when John looked up from Rosie, his eyes hard, and red. “Do you know who is?” He asked his voice cracking.
After Sherlock had rudely explained what it could have been, and who he was, the young office had let them pass, pale as ever, and as Sherlock had told him, hoping that he wouldn’t lose his job for it.
Sherlock nodded. “My guess is he hoped that we would have to bring Rosie to either here, or to the physic, and would take her then. I can’t believe I didn’t see this before.” As he finished talking he sat down on the bench.
“It’s not me. It’s John.” Sherlock said. Lestrade didn’t say anything else to him, but started barking out orders to whoever would listen to him. Sherlock hung up.
Okay, so like honestly I just kinda had fun in this chapter bringing back some good ol' feels from past seasons. Back when we were sad for a good reason. Not sad cause the show turned into a piece of trash. I'm not salty at all. ANYWAY!!! I'm still aiming for ending at 10 chapters unless I get comments begging me to keep this going. So basically it's up to whoever is reading this. Let me know what you think! Happy reading.
“I know. Someone must have been watching, without us knowing.” Sherlock said, finally moving back to his own chair and sitting down.
Moving quickly back down the stairs, holding his bloody hand, opened the door to the living room and saw a quite unexpected sight.
Sherlock nodded, and got out of the cab first. He stepped onto the pavement, in front of the door to their home, and before John could get out, the cab pulled out into traffic, and raced into the streets, pulling far away.
“I was just thinking that it could be Mary.” He said, gulping as he said her name. “It would make sense, wouldn’t it? If he was ordering her around to be ready to kill us, even then.”
John moved into the kitchen, where Sherlock had cleared a space on the crowded counter, and had set the drawing so only the empty back showed. Sherlock took the lighter from John’s hand, and after turning it on, held it gently above the paper.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, and he searched until he found a staircase leading up to the area he assumed judges would sit to watch performances. He lined up his eye sight, until it matched perfectly. This was where the sniper would have been sitting.
He checked all the floors on Bart’s, finally making it up to the roof top. There wasn’t a strong wind, but it felt like it was trying to push him off the edge. When he wasn’t able to find anything out of the ordinary, he moved to the side of the building that Sherlock had jumped from, all those years ago. He stood on the roof, not daring to get any closer. But he could see where he had been standing. The scene played in his mind clearly, but this time he was seeing it through Sherlock’s perspective.
Under other circumstances, he would have been grateful he had no more distractions from his thoughts. He really wanted to find a way to make the woman to accept her daughter's betrayal, it was a challenge. Besides, he was reading the kind of natural drugs the body released when being under extreme stress, and he really wanted to see the effect in Mrs. Hudson's friend. He tried to imagine it, helped by the books, but he also noted that the drugs he was releasing from his conversation with John didn't help. Quite the contrary; in his mind, only humorous situations were forming over the matter. He blamed John for being the source of his endorphins. He couldn't think like this, these drugs were stronger than the nicotine patches. In his mind palace, every time the mindquake was about to start, the walls became thicker so the shaking did nothing.
“Exactly. The camera 0=6=R was yours, it’s the letter D on your door. If you rotate the name, it looks like a stickman holding up a flag and with one knee bent,” Sherlock made the position still sitting, holding up his arms – nearly dropping his tea – and bending his left knee, “We had the names of four cameras, we were missing one.”
“I thought I was the only one being irritated by the smell. It kind of clings to you when you’re out of there…” he said, clearly ready to leave, when Sherlock’s head snapped up to look at him. He was on his feet in a second.
He still couldn’t believe they weren’t talking about the case. At all. Part of him wanted to, part of him wanted to continue the teasing, the easiness he missed so much.
"There is nothing more to do here, John. Case solved. It's nearly ten now... dinner?" John’s eyes were battling between the girl and Sherlock. A single tear was escaping from one of her eyes and Lestrade couldn't help but frown, he was as confused as John.
. Even with no experience in the matter whatsoever, it was the only logical way out. Sherlock concentrated in the background noise; there was a light tapping, some random voices.
"You?" the tone was genuinely surprised; John wanted to tilt his head to look at Sherlock but stopped halfway.
Rosie was trying to play with the stuffed animals at her feet, drowsily making the noises to each one Sherlock was showing.
placid in here..." John said pointing carelessly his index finger to his head, eating a piece of toast.
There was a small pause and Sherlock moved his hand tentatively towards John’s across the table. He noticed John getting tense and making a little gesture as if to take his hand away. Sherlock just moved his thumb over John’s knuckles twice and moved his hand away first instead.
. Unless Sherlock lifted at least one eyebrow he wasn’t going to answer whatever this was. He walked to the fridge to take the chicken broth.
"What is this card..." he moved it around his fingers, "blank, no face, no address..." he took a little envelope's opener and ripped it. Inside he found circuits and a chip. It was a mobile phone's chip. He sighed at the realisation. They were being monitored, so that's what had Sherlock suspicious. He let out a chuckle, gulped the remaining of his cold coffee, opened a drawer and took a little golden bulge.
"You knew I was coming." The younger man felt a weight next to him on the sofa but he didn't move, still with his hair between his fingers, elbows on his knees. "And I knew you would solve the case I had for you."
Sherlock was quiet and still, John’s hands were burning his skin and he didn’t… there were so many things he could say about the case, about Lestrade collecting data of products for scars right at this moment, about Martin that might have information, about himself calling Abby herself later, about Craig and the lead he said he had found, about Miss Hilton’s missed call this morning and how he completely forgot to call her back because he was watching porn – that might be better to be left unsaid – and how this case was slowly turning from ‘
He looked around him and checked the time. Still twenty-two minutes to go. He went to lock the door and came back to the mirror, his back to the door. Sherlock closed his eyes for a while and evoked John’s smell.
At the airport John mentally checked everything he had to do; the things they talked about earlier this morning and what was needed to solve the case. He had to go to The Netherlands, talk to the DI when he got there, check the corpse, interview the suspect... and think like Sherlock as much as possible to gather the information they needed. He tried to practice a bit as he waited in the customers’ line.
As soon as she closed the door, John became aware once more of the silence. It was heavy and disturbing. He wasn't used to this kind of silence. It was the same silence he remembered in the flat when Sherlock was knocked out by The Woman.
"I know, Sherlock. But as you're my only friend too, I can't allow you to protect me, really, I have my pride, you know."
himself to John. He had offered something John never actually thought about so much. He had fantasised about it, yes, but still it wasn't something he thought it would happen so soon. But last night's Sherlock was something completely different than their two previous sexual encounters. This time, Sherlock wasn't the young man getting off with him. He was sure about his actions, he was in control of the whole situation and John had felt something completely knew; he had felt wanted, cherished, loved, observed. And he had felt Sherlock as an equal, the adrenaline in his body last night was something he had never felt before and that was already saying too much, considering.
"I thought you would never show up." Sherlock threw the guy carelessly to the floor and shook a bit the sleeves of his coat. Three bigger guys came from the bunch of people, lifted the man off the floor and took him away.
"Okay okay okay! I get it." John shut his eyes and wrinkled his nose. Sherlock smiled wide. "But... she was all over you." John seemed taken aback.
's brilliant beta-reading, this fic would make your eyes bleed. Literally. So thank you, dear, for pointing out mistakes, for teaching me and being so generally amazing!
John scoffed. “Okay. How can she like Mycroft so much?” There was a small pause and then he added, “Not that Mycroft… after everything. God, it’s been years and I’m still surprised he insisted on having a nursery at his own flat.” There was the noise of water being poured into cups. “I’m not complaining, though. I doubt there is a safest place in the world…”
"John?" he said carefully, the doctor turned his head slowly and looked at him. There was no clear expression on his face, but all Sherlock knew was the relief he felt to see John unharmed. After the incident at the pool, he was having so many nightmares regarding John's safety that he, for a moment, thought he was inside one of them. They always ended with an explosion, a gunshot, a scream... anything that had him waking up with a start, drenched in sweat.
John started to pant in his sleep and his erection, that had been quiet whilst Sherlock was just observing, started to gain life once again.
And Sherlock loved to be tested too, he was very aware of that. But Sherlock's self testing was over important matters. He never invented himself things to be tested and that's what made the big difference between the Holmes brothers and Moriarty. That's why he could never believe Donovan when she had said that some day he would get bored and he, himself, would be the one providing the body. That wasn't testing his intelligence...
“A lot of things.” John couldn’t help but feel the air tense like it had been in the spa. Maybe it was the manner in which he and Sherlock were talking, hushed but clear. “First of all, are you going tomorrow for a massage?”
John's grin widened as he listened to his companion. "Extraordinary," his voice showing his evident surprise as he stared at Sherlock. Lestrade cleared his throat and John unlocked his gaze from the taller man. Sherlock just smirked, already used to John vocalising his admiration.
John wasn't surprised at the moment for that song, since it's often performed on New Years' Eve, but then he understood the double meaning of it. The song is also known as
"Wood... and cedar... a light touch of tobacco..." he continued, his voice was merely above a whisper.
But John didn't follow immediately; he stopped halfway with a shaky sigh. The situation wasn't moving the way he expected, but all in all, things were going smoothly. At some point, he wanted to pursue the topic about the alley but desisted. He was certain, if Sherlock wanted to talk about it then there would be no stopping in him doing so. John was pretty much aware that, this time, he couldn't be able to hold back if the stimulation grew to be too much.
“Sherlock Holmes would never lay hands on a victim,” he said to her and then to Sherlock, “I’ll let you know what’s going on as soon as I have news!” There was a pause in which Elsie started to cry again. “I’ll leave her in your hands, Doctor Watson! I’ve called an ambulance!”
“I told you I was coming here for massages,” Sherlock’s voice came out nervously, trembling, and the air turned completely different when John bit his lower lip and gave Sherlock a very obvious once-over.
There was a long and awkward silence, she scanned her superior's face for an answer, for anything, he was stressed and his eyes were piercing hers.
"Sherlock..." the moan that escaped his lips brought him back to reality. He wanted – hoped – that Sherlock would come into the bathroom and would... no. Maybe this was for the best. This was
"How is your son, Phillip?" Mycroft asked, changing the subject completely, he had his own interrogation techniques.
"Why don't you tell me yourself, Mycroft?" Sherlock's deep voice echoed in the flat, John blinked a couple of times, he was so concentrated in Mycroft's actions that he never saw Sherlock coming out from his bedroom, walking silently to the living room.
John didn't want to ask about the case but Amanda, yet it seemed it had something to do with it, so he followed the proper order of things. Sherlock stood in front of him, not as close as before, but close enough so they could hear each other over the street noise without yelling.
Mycroft of course had his own ways, but Sherlock was certain that all of his brother's doing was for a good reason. Not that he liked the control the older Holmes claimed to have over his life. But then again, it was his own way to believe that he was doing things right... that's why the detective had been surprised when Mycroft said that he and John could get killed.
“Water wastes are under Abby Slaney’s responsibility; every chemical process unsuccessful to provoke a reaction from the clients – according to the thermal spectre from the cameras – she would flush them down the toilet in frustration.” He did a full-body flourish when he turned to Martin to explain – John hadn't seen one of those almost in five years – and continued, placing an envelope in Martin’s hands. “I did a quick research on the water solubility of the components, also about chemical warning labels according to the norm; if you read the jars Abby Slaney took from Elsie Patrick – by force, I should add –” He put a bunch of photos in Martin’s hand “Were legally labelled with the corresponding warnings according to each of the components used. This does not end here, whatsoever. John noticed some boxes.” John frowned so Sherlock turned to John and squinted at him. “I saw you. I know all of the jars inside those boxes come with a warning label because I used the same brand before, that’s why you recognised them.” John said a small
Greg lifted his palms in the air, pulling a surrender gesture. John looked at the DI's shoe, then at his face with an incredulous smile, tilting his head and crossing his arms above his chest.
"Good..." She saw the tired expression in the doctor's eyes and with a little smile added, "I'll leave you to rest now," she stroked his upper arm lovingly and paced to the door.
“Today I came for work,” Sherlock said and noticed how Abby was watching them from the corner of his eye. That was good.
Donovan glared to them when they made their way out, Sherlock walked fast, John noticed how he was abnormally alert as they approached the Yard's main door.
His thoughts were interrupted by the muted sound of the violin downstairs. Sherlock had bought that rubber violin mute two days after he started to live here with Rosie. It wasn’t the same, though. He missed the reverberation of the strings hitting the walls with force, the energy of Sherlock’s allegro appassionato he was playing now. He remembered the talk yesterday, when he said he missed the playing, and sighed.
"Excellent! Don't forget to keep Sherlock alive, no matter the cost, but! At first contact Sebastian will put a bullet into their bodies. And
"Both." John said aloud, surprising himself with his raspy voice. He didn't intend to actually speak, so he looked worriedly at Sherlock.
"Well John..." Sherlock pulled a very serious expression, "...imagine I go out with some random woman and fall in love with her…"
“Horse to A4,” Sherlock said, deadpan. At the same time Abby was appearing behind them, her face was distrustful for a moment until she saw the screen.
"Oh my God..." Lestrade muttered with a giggle. John turned to the DI smiled weakly "I am going now, John. Make sure he survives, we need him alive to finish this case."
“They’re not random letters, John.” Sherlock answered and let out a shaky sigh. “I’m going to investigate this. Have some studying about databases to do tonight.”
"Aw, come on, Phil, flirting doesn't suit you... No... Now, send them off. I have a little flirting to do myself. Miss Riley is not that bad after all. I am trusting you with this one."
"I could be doing that as well." John giggled, he found this situation amusing if not a little frustrating, infuriating, as the man himself; he didn't know if Sherlock was being serious, but he still wanted to play along. Sherlock had made his point there, though. "But I did notice how hard you were, in the alley." He couldn't just let this opportunity pass so easily.
John’s brows darted up and his little smile turned into a light chuckle, it was soon followed by a deep one from his companion. His shoulders couldn't stop shaking with it. Soon he and Sherlock were doubled over laughing. Every time they looked at each other the laughter became more uncontrollable. John tried to form words.
“I thought you were talking about massaging,” Sherlock said and had to swallow whatever it was inside his mouth.
The next morning John Watson woke up and stood up immediately. He took a shower, dressed up with a white shirt for the first time in weeks and obliged himself to smile at the mirror. He tried several times until the grin wouldn't make a little kid to go away screaming and having nightmares and tilted up his chin. His expression on the mirror suddenly reminded him to Sherlock and it just deepened. Yes. He had spent way so much time with that madman and he certainly hoped that it was more than the mere grin that had rubbed off on him.
There was a photograph of a group of scientists, all of them with white lab coats on. Below the picture it said
He opened a door slowly; Mrs. Hudson was nowhere to be found. He remembered the time when they had her as a hostage waiting for him. He assumed the story would repeat so, from nowhere, he grabbed a can of pepper spray and hid it inside his sleeve.
John observed Sherlock for a while. The way the man stretched in the couch was feline, his arms and legs were long and well formed. He remembered his comrades in the army and smiled. Sherlock didn't have the contour of army guys; he was more…
But John was worried; Sherlock was vocalizing his thoughts and, with the events between him and the detective, Mrs. Hudson's misunderstanding and now Lestrade there...
Sherlock opened his eyes and lit up the screen of his phone: still 27 minutes left and Lestrade’s name tinkling. He answered.
As he sat on the sofa, he saw John coming out of his room with a yawn and going into the bathroom as well. He heard the shower turn on and a little curse. He had also noticed the water being hotter than usual. After a while, he didn't have to look up to notice John had seen him on the sofa.
“A message from Craig with access to the cameras, obviously,” Sherlock said as he sent a thumbs up symbol to Craig’s message – John was forever amused how Sherlock started to send a thumbs up whenever he didn’t want to reply to something – and opened an app on his phone.
John breathed through his nose a few times and closed the distance he had previously put between them. He was aware he must look as if he was mad or angry, but he was counting on Sherlock to notice how nervous he was and how this was - as he was learning to recognise - his default response to a stressful situation. He swallowed hard, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
There were only a few times when he really needed to put Rosie to sleep so early. This had to be one of those times: she was terribly sleepy, John had to be back home in an hour or so, and he seriously needed some time alone.
; the tone he usually wore when something was going on, and he had to figure it out quickly. The tone which predicted a long night of
John sighed. He really didn't want to say his thoughts out loud, but he couldn't lie to Sherlock either.
"Oh God... I'm so sorry, Sherlock..." he said between gasps. Just by watching Sherlock's face he froze by the ninth time today at the view. Sherlock's skin was flushed with a furious red, his eyes were dark, usually pale lips red from the long kiss, parted seeking for air. There was little amused smile there, too.
The night had been a revelation to Sherlock; John had hugged him and he had hugged John back as if clinging for dear life… he even asked to stay in the same position for a little longer.
“We were talking about the cameras,” Sherlock added quickly. He cleared his throat and didn’t look at John in the eye.
"Of course you can!" She said, "Do you want me to be someone in particular? My name is usually Abbey, but you can call me however you fancy...” Sherlock got genuinely confused at the question.
John felt a knot inside his stomach and flinched visibly. Sherlock got closer to him again. "…imagine then, that I bring her to
John couldn’t stop recalling how, years before, most of their clients rolled their eyes whenever they saw his partner. This was nice, for a change, even if Sherlock himself hadn’t changed much. Had he? He was quieter, maybe. Happier, definitely. More considerate with a few exceptions, of course, but all in all, same old Sherlock. What had happened, then, with the spurn he was treated with before? Maybe those were changes that only age brings? Maybe the thin lines around his eyes? His reputation? The overconfidence of his steps? His whole demeanour that seemed to say “
As soon as he had recognised the temptation, though, he had returned to the case as soon as John had gone upstairs to sleep.
As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw Martin looking at him with a condescending smile. Sherlock was not used to be on the receiving end of this, but he found the way Martin did it didn’t bother him as it would have years ago.
The doctor just heard supporting his forehead with his index and thumb, his head tilted to a side, confused, but he had an idea of what was happening.
John looked over at Sherlock, his face right next to John’s and his thighs around John’s hips. They looked at each other no doubt thinking the picture that was going to come off that last photograph.
“That thing with your…” John took a deep breath and hid his face behind the paper again, clearing his throat, “…voice.”
When he attended the drunk driver in the emergency room, families of the other victims had sneaked in. They were all over him. Out of professionalism, he had to calm the crowd with policemen's help. But again, a part of him wanted to kick the crap out of the bloke. Right at that moment, Sherlock's image came to mind, the word
"Yes. There." It was obvious, even to the most inexperienced detective, how Sherlock tried to sound calmed. The vein at the side of his neck said otherwise, though; it was pumping vigorously under John's touch.
, but what do you get? Think about yourself for a minute, will you? It’s none of my business now but I’ll make it mine if he hurts you.” She was tempted to add ‘again’ but that would be overstepping over the already thin line they had, and that would only hurt him further.
"You're a saint, Mrs. Hudson, thank you. Really." John said, walking to the door as well. He closed it as soon as he heard the lady's slow steps. "You really need to be nicer to her. I hope you do apologize as soon as you go down..." he said, turning to look at Mycroft.
"Friends." Again, Sherlock felt that word, the word he used with so much care, that powerful word, like a blow to his stomach. It should be declared a dangerous weapon on Mycroft's lips.
That expression, the raw want he saw right there, was his last straw. All of his thoughts about redeeming himself, of the selfishness that was there in his brain, constantly nagging him, were forgotten and replaced by a genuine desire to make Sherlock feel good.
Soon John emerged from the kitchen with a robe above his pyjamas, messy wet hair, a towel around his neck and a cup of tea in each hand. He handed one to Sherlock, who took it not even looking up, knowing exactly where John would place his hand with the cup.
"Oh." Sherlock moved quickly and walked to the bathroom, taking one of the messy sheets and throwing it over his shoulders.
There was beep after beep coming from the auricular. Soon, the device admitted the call was over, it hung up automatically. John and Sherlock turned their heads slowly towards each other.
he wrote on the browser, adding the quotation marks as Sherlock taught him years ago. Several books popped out, all of them were written by women.
Sherlock was gasping but he was still silent, listening. John kept on stroking and talking, "hell, Sherlock. I love you. But I don't love you just this way, I love you all the ways, I like you, I want you, I want to be with you, I respect you, I want to protect you, I want to see you, hear you..." John sighed again, he planted a kiss on the taller man's shoulder blade, the muscles there were tense, Sherlock was still gasping, it was almost inaudible, "but I don't want to change you, Sherlock... ever."
"John!" Sherlock called again, worried. The sound of an engine made him get closer to the window, he saw John inside the pickup, waiting for them right outside. Lestrade jumped out and Sherlock jumped after him. Surprisingly, his knees failed him as soon as he touched the ground with his feet.
Sighing, John tried to put a little order around the kitchen; lifting the cups Sherlock had left on different places and doing the dishes.
"No, I have to figure this out first, I intended to call the hot line, but I can't do it without a code. I have the hidden options, but I still need a code."
is fine..." Sherlock made a loud groan as he moved his neck to a side. When he did that, the card fell to the floor. The detective opened big eyes at it. "John!"
"No. You don't observe, do you..." Sherlock let out a sigh. "I... had to move when I heard Mrs. Hudson."
With his thumbs he massaged his nape and pressed his fingertips below his jaw, wavering with slow movements. He heard a soft deep moan when he made a little pressure. Then, he moved tentatively his fingers to Sherlock's collarbones, pressing lightly. After that, he moved his hands back to the shoulder blades. He made more pressure there and was rewarded with another deep moan-like sound. After that, John felt as his hands and arms had life on their own. Still with a faint pressure, he moved them to a spot near the small of the back and pressed his knuckles there, hard. Sherlock cried out, the sound was muffled with the pillow and John pressed there again, this time harder. He heard Sherlock cry again, and he could catch the words
"To have you pressed like that against me... I'm sure you noticed how bad you had me there..." there was another sound in the phone sounding pretty much like a muffled moan.
When the third slide had been satisfactorily rubbed under Martin’s nails, Sherlock had completely forgotten about the two men in the living room, having gone back to the kitchen to check the sample under his microscope.
"John?" Sherlock tilted a little his head just to watch John standing behind him, firmly touching the back of his neck with his fingertips and removing his own hand from there.
When Sherlock was about to leave the car, Martin’s voice stopped him. “Is it okay if I consult you whenever you’re free?”
“You’re clearly not,” Sherlock could barely control a full-body shudder as John’s thumbs worked over the collar of his shirt. “Abby really has an American accent, as you said. I’m thinking about the north of the States. Illinois, maybe Wisconsin.”
"Shhh... let me." John's voice came out in the form of a firm whisper; it made Sherlock go tense in a matter of seconds. John worked with his thumbs slowly, drawing little circles, applying the faintest of pressures at Sherlock's nape. John noticed, delighted, how little hairs there rose under his touch. He also noticed a shiver running up Sherlock's back as he dragged his fingers in between his shoulder blades. "Is it there where it hurts?" John applied a little pressure with his thumbs and was rewarded with a soft sigh through Sherlock's nose.
sort of attitude. Even when John, now that he knew Armand was bisexual, noticed and confirmed that the guy was interested,
"I ate a piece of toast last night." Sherlock made a goofy grin and John rolled his eyes and made a little pressure over Sherlock's hand, somehow, the gesture intertwined Sherlock's fingers with John's hand below it. Still, neither of them made the slightest intent to undo it. "Oh, and I had coffee this morning."
But things were slowly. He had to admit, he had the fantasy and it came to life again when Sherlock touched him. He wanted to touch him in more intimates ways still, he remembered he actually
John’s voice carried as he turned his neck to watch Sherlock walking through the kitchen, something he didn’t do often, now.
John was looking at his almost empty plate as if looking for answers but his eyes were blank. “I should have asked before. I should have… done so many things differently.”
"At the Yard, I noticed they are password protected..." Lestrade informed them, "but in the state Sherlock is, I doubt he can do it today."
Sherlock couldn't help a little smile. It was the first time he was properly thanked after a case including John in the process as part of the team. He felt proud, a similar feeling in his chest in as he felt at Dartmoor, after the doctor had showed his real significance in the army. He found himself smiling further and it wasn't because of the money. Out of reflect he was going to ask how Armand had laid his hands on his bank account, but he knew the man in front had his own methods too.
There was a sigh from the detective and John separated a bit his cheek from Sherlock's hair, Sherlock lifted a bit his face to look at the doctor and, quickly, little white letters floated around him:
“No, no!” Rosie’s high-pitched voice and laughter filled John’s ears as soon as he closed the main door to 221.
Wilson nodded and started to talk to Sherlock, who gave him back his phone. Wilson asked for Sherlock’s number and Sherlock, politely, asked for his too. They walked as they talked. Martin turned to fill out a few pieces of paper. John sighed and took his phone. He yawned when he saw the time and, when he turned the screen on, he saw the text he had been reading to Sherlock earlier. He reread the whole thing, his face red and continued to read part of the site.
"I don't know." Sherlock raised his head slowly, never leaving his position or changing the way his body was glued to John's. Once they calmed down, they became very aware of the way their bodies were lined up in the little space. John was surprised at how well their bodies seemed to synchronise and blend together. They were even panting at the same rate.
He made his decision then. He had to act, try to be normal towards and around John; his own definition of normal at least. He was worried, yes, he cared, yes, but John didn't have to know that. He took the decision to complete, or at least try to, his research about John and his own body urges and needs. It was all new and he couldn't deny how curious he was still about all that. He had to learn to separate those things and to try and ignore the big poster at the entry of his mind palace.
“So, to sum this up,” he said with his pencil and notebook in hand. “Your partner is in prison for three days and maybe more after? I thought she was going to walk free.”
“Hm?” Sherlock was back to his microscope and the glass was now empty next to him. He lifted one eyebrow, though. Good.
"Thanks..." John flashed him a little, surprised smile as he tasted his new glass of beer. He made an approval sound and a nod. Sherlock smirked and sat again, the same position he was before. Their shoulders supported each other. They finished their drinks in silence. Again silence, that comfortable silence. The silence and quiet they both loved so much, even with the loud music behind.
“Can’t tell you, John. Your opinion is going to be predisposed by my theories. I’ll need a fresh canvas later.” Sherlock winked at him and then added, “But I did tell you the first case was in America, in 2008. I’m sure you can deduce where Elsie was living at the time?” Sherlock sat back on the edge of the bathtub and looked at John with a raised eyebrow.
The old man smiled at him in a wicked gesture. "Don't worry..." then he whispered "I'll leave you two alone." He winked to the doctor, "you know, many couples come here, it's very private."
"Because, I simply don't. I went to Armand’s just to check what he knew about his father and his aunt."
They had poisoned the informants on both ends, then made it look like a suicide, planting a bullet in their skulls. The shot was post-mortem. Both victims were recurrent florists... after that, easy to track down.
There were feet coming up the stairs – clearly John’s now – and Sherlock panicked a bit. His eyes went straight to the door and Martin skilfully changed the subject.
He turned around slowly and Sherlock's hand roamed all the way to both sides of his face. Making him look up, John's gaze danced over the flushed face in front and lower, taking a hold of the t-shirt and jeans Sherlock was wearing, he looked extremely younger, his erection was evident and his breathing was heavy.
"You?" John curved his lips up in an awkward smile, waiting for Mycroft to talk. He knew the Holmes' brothers were alike at some very rare aspects; the ability to get exasperated at some gestures being one of them.
"I want to know if I succeeded seducing you, on the phone." Sherlock was staring at John intently and John couldn't trust his voice. Even if he were prepared, never seriously considered Sherlock approaching the issue so soon and so bluntly.
. Besides, she was sure John wasn't gay, he tried to clear that up every chance he had. Of course, she noticed the flirty looks he shot some of the nurses, or the way his eyes roamed when she was with light clothes... or any other woman, for that matter. She had tried to see him red-handed checking on a man. But he seemed reluctant to all of them. In Sarah's mind, the relationship John had with Sherlock was unknown. The only thing she knew for certain: it was incompatible to any attempt of a relationship with John.
On his way back to the Yard, a cab nearly hit him and he couldn't see the driver. It was odd, since the cab seemed to be waiting for him. Again, not enough evidence so he didn't reach a conclusion. Then, near the Yard, a falling brick almost hit his head; he looked up everywhere and even thought about calling Lestrade but decided against it in the middle of the dial. Instead he walked up to the roof of the building, spending there almost an hour, observing the people below him, looking for anything suspicious.
John separated his fingers and opened his palms, they shook in the air when he spoke, raising his voice "Well, deduce
John and Sarah giggled and again, he saw the flirty face, the eyes... He cleared his throat and his phone made a little sound.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand lightly over his chest. He felt how his own heartbeat started to rise at the contact. He liked that contact. He liked the feeling on his own body at the closeness. The sole idea of losing that burned his soul; the conversation this afternoon with Mycroft had enlightened the big poster at the entry of his mind palace. Even though, it wasn't an awful conversation either. They even had coffee together, talked about government matters, Sherlock suspicions just proved to be correct about the drugs; it was a chess match where he and his brother played in the same side... different methods, but same side.
"You!" Sherlock glared at Lestrade, who was looking at them from his standing position a few steps away from them, his expression was unreadable. "That's what you wanted, didn't you Lestrade! You shot John!" He was holding John protectively, his eyes like ice. Surprisingly, the sentence was very comprehensible and he didn't even seem drugged. The DI was petrified at the scene, John was the same. "You never cared if John died right in front of you! I screamed for help but you never helped! You and your incompetents from the Yard! Those... those...
Sherlock walked fast, his feet were taking him to Louis', the man from the homeless' gang, where he had left his coat, in the meanwhile, he took his phone and saw that it was a little after nine p.m. Then his thumb worked quickly over it.
Lestrade blinked a couple of times and then laughed. Hard. He took his phone from his pocket and started to record the scene.
"Yeah..." the DI giggled, "Molly, please... I would really appreciate if you could take all the time you need to test the drug. I will stay here a little longer recording this."
"Please." John quickly lifted himself from the chair and stretched. He eyed his watch and lifted his brows noticing they had been there for about three hours. Sherlock stood up as well and walked to Jack. John followed him and saw how Jack was refusing to take the money for the four beers they'd had. Sherlock grabbed the big guy from his shirt, some people even thought it was another fight, but he slid the money in Jack's shirt pocket and smiled. The big bartender glared at him with a smile as well. John saw when Sherlock turned around, how Jack rolled his eyes and grinned widely to the back of the detective.
A text from John told him he was going to be home around 2 pm so they were due for a late lunch. Excellent.
Sherlock observed the card and John got closer to it. It just said 'Armand Smith, 0212020011901' and a bar code.
"Aw come on, John." Sherlock said getting a little closer, "you enjoyed it as well, you can't deny it."
“Well, you were right,” John said, taking cups of tea, empty trays and everything back to the kitchen. “She
At the same time, John was concentrated looking where the people had come from. The wind wasn't strong now, but it still moved the fog a bit here and there, and John could make the shape of a little boat with no motor, so that's why they never heard any boat arriving to the port.
, he just let his mind to fly free for a while. Sherlock's right side was completely pressed to his left one, all the way up starting at the leg to the shoulder. He could feel the movement of the other's hand as he worked on his notebook, deducing the numbers. The doctor tilted his head back, sighed audibly and observed their surroundings. A little spray fell from the sky now, it wasn't intense, but it was enough to make a white noise in the background as it hit the steel container over their heads.
"Alright..." Sherlock said, sighing. "So, we have this hot line which tells us quite a bit. Lestrade told me they were looking for the cover-up business. John..." Sherlock rubbed his temples, "they found a boat with people with no ID's, no passports, probably a people's market, but they couldn't track it down to the source..."
"And that thing I told you last night... about that never happening to me before... it's... completely true." Sherlock opened his eyes again, scanning John's face. He took a hold of the furious red in John's temple, starting at some point in his body, going up by his neck and ending in his cheeks. John's lips were firmly sealed but his nose flared allowing the entry to the extra air his brain needed, but his hands kept on working firmly on his shoulders and neck.
"Come... John!" Sherlock growled out as he moved his finger further, pressing John's entrance, never stopping the movement of his hips.
He felt as if he could demand more from Sherlock, from the man, something he had never done before with his previous sexual partners, he wasn't afraid of his demands, he wasn't afraid of what he might do or of what might have been done to him. He trusted him. That feeling of equality was something he had always wanted. All of his previous sexual partners, all of them women, could never give him that and he was surprised how easy it was. Everything with Sherlock seemed easy, logical. Even the fact that he had sex with a man.
But other part of his brain of course, noticed that wasn't feeling the same repulsion towards sexual sensations, like a few months ago. In fact, now his body welcomed the feeling, the intimacy, there was a certain
"Oh... Of course." Sherlock closed his eyes slowly, he wanted to shout, he wanted to drop something, break something at the realisation. His distressed face was something Molly had seen before. Sherlock had a firm grip on his own scarf, Molly even noticed how the back of his neck, now covered in fake blood, was red from the friction. "I need to see the body."
He started to put the data in order; the 'onion' he had found at the crime scene was a tulip bulb. John had found bulbs from the same tulip species at the victim's house in Netherlands. They were producing bulbs to sell since those, combined with other chemicals, produced a very powerful and almost untraceable poison.
"Did you order?" Sherlock's eyes rapidly flicked from her eyes, changing quickly his stare to the menu in front of him, the next second to outside the window, then to her eyes again. "Well?"
When Sherlock finished talking, he sensed the lack of response from the man in front, when he turned his head he saw the poor young man with his lips slightly open, eyes stretched in a way that seemed almost unnatural, and his shoulders shaking for either cold or nervousness.
John gulped silently and cleared his throat, looking away. His vivid imagination could almost see Sherlock with a woman. The detective kissing random female body parts, licking passionately at a random woman's neck, Sherlock moaning deeply as the situation goes further. Wait. Stop, John. Stop it.
“- or less if we solve it soon. Only four hours a day; they’re looking for part-time but they pay handsomely. Testing candidates for the week. You are able to give a decent massage, I’ve been informed,” John's eyes widened at this and he forcefully placed the paper on his lap. Sherlock made a placable gesture with his hand, almost dropping the photos.
“Look, you have to be there tomorrow, three o’clock sharp, CV in hand…” Sherlock stared at one of the photos, “…Slaney wants a man in his mid-thirties, responsible, well-mannered...”
As he was finally convinced everything was alright, he opened the door for John and then entered himself.
"Can't, have much brain work to do. Define. Date." Sherlock demanded now, jaw clenched, eyes still closed.
The DI walked outside and again the flat remained silent after their goodbye. John walked to the kitchen, he needed a cup of tea.
He felt light when John started to speak behind him, he felt himself loosen up when John reached in front of him and closed his hand over Sherlock’s semi erected penis and started to stroke slowly with one hand, John's other hand moved to his hip, caressing firmly his thigh, back up his stomach, tracing the muscles there. John's firm chest was almost glued to his back with the water falling over them.
"You did notice, didn't you, John?" John nodded. He’d caught a glimpse of the prisoner telling the truth, but maybe it was just his guts. He was sure, though, that Sherlock had seen much more.
"I can't. You're distracting." Sherlock gritted his jaw at the breathless tone in his voice; even if it was evident he was still trying to control it.
When he read this message, a smile formed slowly on his features. Lestrade took note of this and grinned.
A couple of months later, with the case solved, John sat in his armchair with his laptop over his knees, determined to write the final details about The Woman's case. It was only a little past ten in the morning and the fireplace was on in the living room.
“Oh! Oh my God, you win!” That was Sherlock’s voice, perfectly audible all the way down and then Rosie’s laughter in full mode on. Mrs Hudson chuckled and looked up as if searching the source of the voice. John frowned but was unable to contain a smirk. He turned his face up, too.
"We were able to get a lot of information, so it was worth it... and actually what's going to spare our lives while we get there." Sherlock added, looking at the canal in front. "He told us how to get to the facility without being seen
As he was doing that he felt John's hand over his hair, pulling. He froze. He removed the tip from his lips and looked over at John. The doctor had his back arched, he was panting really hard and loudly and Sherlock noticed that he had been sucking the tip of John's cock with his eyes closed and all of the other senses had stopped functioning somehow. He stared at the figure below him, taking in John's sounds - God he loved to hear John's moans and those strangled sounds coming from his throat.
She frowned. “Not much, but you can talk here just fine as long as you don’t raise your voice much because of the echo of this bare room.” She made a gesture with her hands at the empty space and smiled at John. “If you want anything to drink or eat before I go…”
There was no response; John didn’t want to leave it there after the unconscious innuendo. He waited thirty seconds and added:
"Sorry to interrupt, boys... but I was hoping... if you..." Lestrade tried to talk straight, but it was getting difficult with Sherlock's face a couple of millimetres from his nose. Sherlock wore a frown and was having a very difficult time on focusing his eyes on the DI’s. He was observing him as if there was something very out of place on Lestrade’s face. He continued talking, "...if you uh...could help me out." He moved his neck back, adding more space between his face and Sherlock's and eyed John, his expression was nearly scared. "Er... John? ...get him off me... please."
John snorted, sighed and looked up at the ceiling. "I wanted a wife. I wanted kids. I wanted a nice little cottage in the field..."
"That's my line... shit. I can hardly move." John rolled over on his back falling on the bed with a thud. Sherlock moved to his side to give him more space, they both lay on their backs looking at the ceiling. Sherlock had his arms resting on his sides and John crossed his own fingers on his stomach. "You okay there, Sherlock?"
Sherlock felt how John's leg returned to his original position next to his. Their knees brushed again, he heard a loud sigh coming from John. All of this time he couldn't drink his beer because of a knot in his throat... and inside his stomach as well. With John being this close, it was enough to put his mind at ease. It was clear as water to him, last night, that John didn't have a date today. So Sherlock had been a little worried – not that he would ever admit it - thinking about what John was really up to. He had been working with Lestrade all day long, but his mind was thinking about his friend the entire time.
There were three bags next to him on the passenger backseat. He couldn't believe how, even when Sherlock could do the shopping too, he still played by his rules. He got paid today so he could also buy some food, bathroom supplies... and the cheese snacks, just to piss him.
,” Sherlock stated, looking down at John’s face, his right eyebrow high up his forehead. “Should we ask for someone else?”
He commanded his lips to open and speak, but there was no sound coming from them. None of the drugs he had tried before had this effect in his body and he was suddenly terrified. He couldn't trust any of his senses. He tried to concentrate on John's voice, but now he was hearing it like if he had a glass over each ear. He wanted to move his head and couldn't, the only things that seemed to be working fine were his eyeballs and fingers. He felt his legs trembling along with his torso.
“First, he passed his hand on mine, but so gently that I could hardly feel it…” Sherlock whispered as if reciting prose, he was aware of his own throaty voice barely resonating in the room. He couldn’t open his eyes. “Then, slowly, his fingers began to lock themselves within mine, just like this; for he seemed to delight in taking possession of me…
"Everything good? You seem down." A woman's voice asked from deep down the layers of fabric. He recognized the voice.
There was still something odd about Moriarty's reasoning as well, why did he want to destroy the only distraction he claimed he had? Was it because Sherlock had ruined several plans before? He closed his eyes and entered his mind palace to a new room he created there, it was a kind of spider web, a mental map joined by several threads, cases from years, new cases, the Hot Line case, the last one being the painting, that he had somehow managed to link. Moriarty was the common between all of those.
The wrapped man then took the cup and the cake. He paced awkwardly to the couch with everything in his hands; trying not to drop the sheet, the cup, the cake or the phone as he did so. Then, he placed everything on the table and put his laptop over his knees. He browsed for
"It's a... very rare case indeed. It has to do with the drugs dealers you boys found the other day."
Sherlock sat in his chair, eyes fixed on his phone. Rosie was sitting in John’s chair, a pretty dress on, also on her phone. Basically mirroring the man in front.
"No. I mean, you actually saved the girl because you care…" Sherlock smirked, staring at John's hands moving by his injury, in silence. John felt there was something missing in the conversation and added "…and I am upset because you barely take care of yourself."
"I know you think you're a sociopath…" John started; Sherlock noticed how he hadn't cleared his throat as he usually did when he was insecure.
And Sherlock now wanted to repeat that, he wanted to stand, grab John by his arm, turn him around, perhaps kiss him, with this new relationship they had. He wanted to tell him that he was right; that friends protect people and that was exactly was he was trying to do for his sake, for him, for them.
“I don’t need an ambulance. Where’s John?” Sherlock put the mask in his pocket as he spoke, still out of breath but more composed than before.
Sherlock got surprised how, even when he was aware of the ministrations of the younger man, he didn't feel anything. Of course he felt the hot lips, the hot breathing, the ticklish feeling on his ear, but nothing he could even compare to the data he held of sexual arousal. The touch was just a touch, the breathing was just a hot blow that could be easily compared to a hair dryer.
come any closer,” Sherlock said in a rush, his scratchy voice carrying along the corridor with no fear of the cameras that had been turned off by the Yarders.
"Sherlock..." the whisper just escaped his lips. By the corner of his eye he saw the watch on the nightstand; almost three o'clock in the morning.
Sherlock continued his exploration through John's body. He kissed his navel and smelled again, he was fascinated how, being the same body, the smell remained essentially the same but the intensity was different. His nose brushed the hairs below it and he inhaled hard as he moved his hands to the waistband. Sherlock's heart was crazy inside his chest and his breathing was heavy, even his hands were a bit shaky now, even when apparently he was still under control. He didn't want to lose control like last night now, when he could barely remember and control his own body, he wanted to be in charge.
Even so, the moments in silence inside the flat weren't awkward or heavy, even when sometimes John cursed his own body for its reactions whenever near the detective. His body hadn't had those reactions before…
“Yes, Miss…” A polite smile, flashy eyes at the receptionist, he looked at the batch on her breast, yes. “Miss Eldridge, right?” A smile and a wink. That should do it. “William Scott. I have an appointment with Hamish Watson? Called this morning. He told me he had changed his workplace?” If you raise your voice enough times, almost clueless, you’re opening yourself to conversation.
"I'll wait in my room!" Sherlock screamed as he stormed into said place. John heard a lot of noise, so much he was afraid Mrs. Hudson would wake up and come up the stairs... he mentally snapped himself; no. Mrs. Hudson was already used to Sherlock's blasts at ungodly hours. She just comes upstairs when she gets scared at something, like the scream in pain the other day. John smiled at the memory.
John startled a little, he sat straight and his eyed widened up. He wasn't sure how to interpret that sudden declaration. His cardiac rhythm increased considerably. Slowly, he turned his head to face Sherlock, who tilted his to John's side. Sherlock got a little suspicious of Jack, who might be playing the music louder, so they wouldn't be able to listen to each other.
And, as sometimes happened in these moments, words started to appear in front of his eyes. This time in the shape of an old book, probably forgotten in his father’s bookshelf.
“If you can be an arse then I assume you’ll be fine.” They smiled at each other. Sherlock removed his hand from his crotch and he shivered. “Is there… anything you need?” John asked, he was relieved when he noticed how truly concerned he was.
He took the opportunity and ducked in the stairway; if he bent down enough, he would be able to see, without going downstairs, what Sherlock was up to. He saw Sherlock's profile; he was reading the contents of his phone, there was a smile on his face and, now and then, his shoulders would shake a little with a silenced chuckle. John watched the scene with delight. After a couple of minutes, Sherlock shifted the position of his phone and wrote a text. In the faint light, John saw the detective smiling still. Apparently, once the text was sent, Sherlock tilted is head back on the chair, facing the ceiling and then sighed deeply. The book still on his lap, unopened. After a couple of seconds, John's phone emitted a light. He took it and saw the message.
"How could we miss the dates?" Donovan asked softly, gesturing with her hand. Lestrade just sighed and shrugged.
"Oh, nothing." John cleared his throat still with a grin and quickly took the last bite of his sandwich, to make time and think about a lie. Sarah still looked curious. "Just got a text... it's just a stupid comment about a case he's working on right now, nothing important."
John moved his fingers around Sherlock's hair, still pulling, grabbing, moving Sherlock's head to his own will, kissing every inch of the detective mouth and Sherlock let himself be guided by those rough hands, by the nails digging into the flesh at the back of his neck, loosing himself in the sensation of extreme anxiety and wanting. He felt John's legs sneaking around his waist and he also felt how his hips started to grind against him. John's whole body was moving against Sherlock's and soon Sherlock understood it was because he was moving over John as well, his whole body was sliding against John's as they kissed.
John snorted and laughed shortly. This was going nowhere. Again, John fixed his eyes on the road, the corner of Sherlock's lip curved in a knowing grin that faded slowly, looking at the sandy hair on the back of his companion's head. Of course Sherlock knew what John was talking about. He never intended to give Armand the same salute than The Woman, but it has just happened, even
As she disappeared in between the men, giving orders to the criminalists and the people from the force, Greg Lestrade rubbed his temples. He felt alone, the detective and his doctor were already reaching the entry to the facility near the canal, almost reaching the ghost town that had formed due to the evacuation of the place many years ago. He remembered the last time they were there, it was an adventure and, even with the danger, he had enjoyed it.
“That might not be a good idea, right now,” Sherlock said, his voice muffled by his arm. There was clearly mirth in his tone and John had to come closer to hear.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his nose brushing John's jaw as he caressed John's neck, slowly withdrawing from the doctor. John's hands fell to his lap, feeling suddenly empty and cold. The rage he had built made its way into John's mind again. It was disappointment perhaps as he saw Sherlock return to his composure in a matter of seconds; the detective stretched, rearranged his shirt's collar and sat again, lifting his feet and supporting them on the table.
"Awful," he said, "the press is all over the place, they are following the Yard no matter where they go, that Lestrade fellah gives little information, he keeps saying that he will talk about the cases once they are solved. Just then he would give the press information and not before," he shook his head with a smile "he really knows how to handle them, doesn't he..."
. It was obvious, considering the personality of the man that he still wanted to keep the worker-client bond of confidentiality. The detective felt a weight being lifted from his shoulders; he really didn't want to explain it to John. As the man kept on talking, Mrs. Hudson came upstairs with a tray of cookies, bread and jam. She insisted on Armand taking a warm shower and obliged Sherlock to lend him some clothes.
"Yeah, consider it done. We'll keep you updated." The tall man who was talking to Sherlock eyed John and lifted his brows.
"A week missed? No clues? This could be fun..." Sherlock spun around the room dramatically to get his laptop and John rolled his eyes at the happy display.
Greg inhaled deeply, he moved his jaw to a side and exhaled, his eyes glanced down for a bit, thinking. She waited patiently. "Just don't bother him..." he lifted his gaze to her eyes, "he is going to help us, he
“Yes,” Sherlock said, watching John clean his hands with a fresh towel and taking another bottle of oil which he opened to smear a bit on the second slide. He moved back to the opening of Sherlock’s thighs and started to massage both elbows at the time. Sherlock’s breath moved John’s fringe a bit. “They were named with hyphens and slashes. They all finished with O’s.”
“Right,” John stood behind Sherlock and placed his hands on his shoulders, massaging lightly. “I thought I was shite at this.”
Sherlock was glad the laptop was covering his groin, even though he was sure his galloping heart was giving him away.
"Are you here to ask me to withdraw from the case, again?" Sherlock supported himself stretching his right arm to the wall next to him. John wanted to get closer to Sherlock and help him, but there was something in the aura of the place that stopped him in doing so. This was a conversation that had to be held, and he didn't want to interrupt. Sherlock seemed better, it was obvious it was still hard to maintain his balance, but now his pronunciation was perfect and his voice had lowered to a normal volume.
As he turned on the kettle, he grabbed two cups from the cabinet, examined the contents out of routine and made one with sugar for Sherlock and the other without for himself. He ate some toast and a salad and turned on his laptop, bringing the cup of tea with him.
Drunken people walked silently, a few homeless, he was silent and felt the chilly air hurting his nostrils a bit as he inhaled deeply. He lifted his gaze to the sky and admired the stars. He noticed that now, alone, the stars weren't beautiful as he had commented to John once, now the stars seemed lonely, just brilliant points, all separated from each other, light years away.
The little wrinkles at Sherlock's sides deepened and, with a quick movement, he took the big bag with clothes and placed it against his chest, opening the door with a big fuss. John was there, his eyes didn't turn to look at him but they fixed inside the place he had just vacated. Sherlock recognised one of the men from Louis' gang holding John, dressed up as a guard. As soon as he saw Sherlock pass next to them he let John go, who just stood at the door of Molly's mortuary asking for Sherlock's body.
Four. Sherlock pressed the hidden option they had talked about the night before; but when he pressed that key, a high noise could be heard in the phone. Sherlock even had to move it a little away from his ear. The phone went silent again and Sherlock pressed more numbers. After a couple of seconds, a ring was heard at the first floor. Sherlock's lip curved a little upwards, and made a sign to Lestrade and John to follow him.
“After that, I suppose he was hopeful when Elsie’s father died but she was faithful even after his death. He was in very serious business with Frank Hudson, though.”
"I know you are uncomfortable," Sherlock said with a little smile, "but I promise... at least pizza is... edible." He added apologetically, placing his scarf on his lap.
"Sherlock..." the doctor called in a very small voice. "Look, I'm alive. You really need to sleep it off. It was just a bad dream. Okay?"
The taller man's eyeballs rolled back in his head, eyes still closed, he felt himself shivering at the contact of the hand in his hair, he felt how John's fingers moved near the back of one his ears and then to his nape, massaging there with the thumb and index finger. The sensation was marvellous when being still in his palace. Sherlock had long noticed how strong he felt when John did that and of course, the doctor also knew how soothing the effect of this was for the other man, hence he had found himself doing that often the last few weeks. Even though now, with the closeness that neither of them seemed to mind now, Sherlock's body reaction were a little further than a simple soothing effect, and John noticed this too of course, since the detective's hand on the armrest next to his head was replaced by his elbow when the arm started to shake, making the face of the detective fall back to the area of John's shoulder and neck.
John laughed aloud, “No, you moron.” He was left with the hand mid-air. “I was forced to listen to a small conference about the benefits of aloe when I went to Abby’s office to take the products,” he smiled and positioned his open palm on Sherlock’s warm back, the aloe gel liquefying at the contact between their skins. John stopped laughing.
, John thought – but they were shaking uncontrollably… it was hard to say if it was because of the cold air or the nervousness both of them were feeling; they were both breathing hard again, but this time for completely different reasons. Sherlock moved John's hand near his lips and planted a chaste kiss over the palm. The gesture made John feel so vulnerable he couldn't speak; he couldn't help but stare into those eyes that were staring back into his very soul, and couldn't help but notice how Sherlock's body reacted to the closeness.
"It's okay, Mrs. Hudson, thank you so, so much." He looked around the flat, "Sherlock hasn't arrived?"
“Because her provider just texted her to.” At John’s look of astonishment, Sherlock took out another phone - old and used going by the discolouration of the cover - from his jacket pocket and waved it a bit before tossing it at John’s lap. John snorted and shook his head in surprise and disbelief when he read the message there:
They talked about Rosie for a while. Then Sherlock told him about the idea of including aloe in their food sometimes. John nodded as he chewed, but then fell silent when the topic came up.
"Shh... I'm trying to replace the tickling sensation in my mind." He said as if it was a big, important secret.
At the sudden question, Sherlock looked up and sighed, closing the book with his finger trapped between a few sheets. The body language Sherlock had was very clear to John. The simple act of closing the book let him know he could ask as much as he wanted; Sherlock had his full attention directed at him.
look like Elsie…” John frowned at the photos, and after a moment’s thought, his eyes sparked up. “Oh,” he said, “she has a stick man necklace, too…” he added, eyeing the picture of the kiss.
He grabbed some Thai before coming back to the flat and as soon as he was inside, he locked the door just in case and started sniffing.
Sherlock’s heart was about to rip out of his chest and walk out by free will and throw itself out the window. He couldn’t take his eyes off John. His hands were shaking. He struggled to rein in his trembling lower lip and John was looking at him with a frown, his face bright with pure concern like a kid waiting for his mother to forgive him.
As always, Sherlock projected, so John was talking in the same hushed voice. As he moved his hand around Sherlock’s shoulder blade over the vest, his own shoulder got somehow under Sherlock’s armpit, his stomach nearly flat over Sherlock’s crotch as his hand turned and tried to reach the pocket. He could feel a slide at the tip of his finger, so John pressed himself further against Sherlock and Sherlock… thanked the heavens for thick jeans. John’s heavy breathing (they were doing something incredibly illegal according to the spa policy, so that was John’s standard reaction) right over Sherlock’s collarbone.
With Sherlock’s guidance and fast-talking, they went over the facts for more than half an hour; she reckoned how Elsie had been secretive for these past few weeks, getting up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night more often than usual, coming back home twenty minutes later than she used to as well. Then she told them about the personal changes she had noticed in herself, how she had been waking up with a sour taste in her mouth and how she’d been thirsty most of the time.
But that didn't mean it would do them any good if John just knew the deepness of the bond Sherlock had for him. Not for what was coming ahead. It was better if John just didn't know. Moriarty wanted him destroyed and if John knew it should do him no good at all. Sherlock had made up his mind. If he succeeded, things would be different. But you never know with Moriarty.
"Seriously, you can be so stupid sometimes... now there. Don't do anything unnecessary until this is completely recovered, yeah?"
, we even tried to look him up." Sherlock's lips rose at the realisation that John had used his sister's name. The detective used a showcase in front of them as a mirror and found the man following them confused by the name and begin to turn around. Sherlock sighed in relief; he recognised him as one of the homeless gang that stabbed him that afternoon. He couldn't have followed him to Baker Street,
"Oh dear Lord!" she exclaimed, "You have to lock the door if you're going to do that kind of things!" She winked at John and added "Use some lotion, dear; I've heard is less painful if you apply some."
"Because... look, talking about seductive glands. If you don't get enough REM sleep, your mind's palace will fall into pieces soon." John yawned again.
Observing his reflection in the mirror, Sherlock did to himself the same scanning he was used to doing to everyone else. Little white letters started to circle around his image, starting from head to toe. [Hair] '
“I’ve been missing you, though,” John was talking differently, a bit high-pitched and a bit slurred. Sherlock had to control a giggle when John made if awfully obvious.
"Are you feeling better there, Sherlock?" John withdrew his hands from the detective's upper body, reluctant, with a tiny clear of his throat. He placed his hands on his hips as he backed a couple of steps away from the sofa. If Sherlock wanted to play, he was able to... but he had to be careful with the reactions of his own body. He wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer if things kept going at this pace. Sherlock had left him hard and frustrated last night. Now it was Sherlock's turn.
Sherlock took a deep breath. Who would have thought that this part of his body was overly sensitive? In his mind there was a cold and damp touch, a nose over his nose, a sensation of helplessness as he couldn’t move the touch away, a voice telling him that he would get used to it. Then a glove over his nose. The smell of latex. Mint. Latex. A voice. Insistent. Soft.
