Tony looks at him, at this man in front of him that he feels like he knows by now and yet he feels like is a mystery still. His disheveled hair, his wide blue eyes, his nervous smile, his square shoulders. He looks at him and sees all the things he shouldn’t be able to see: the pain, the exhaustion, the regrets, the bravery, the confusion and the fear.
Focusing his gaze on the crown of Steve’s head during one of the moments that Steve’s eyes are focused on the shield, Tony starts to talk, his voice unwavering, his speech unplanned but flowing perfectly once he gets going.
,” he whined. “Fuck, Steve,
"I did say," Bruce muttered from his workstation. "I said those exact words. You didn't listen to me, but I said them."
He made a face and tried not to think about that, and he made a '
"To fuck with the others!"
Welch put his hands up all innocent-like. "I'm not looking for anything, Captain. You're not going to throw me out into the street again, are you?"
Tony stared at him a moment then turned to see Steve, jaw set and eyes hard as he glared at Welch. "What's your angle here? What's your gimmick? What are you looking for?"
Steve just stared at him. "You didn't say you didn't do it."
He squeezed his arms tight around Tony's midsection, and Tony swallowed and closed his eyes and wondered, for not the first time in his life, how he was so fucking lucky as to land the most honest sap in the world this side of the atomic age.
having a choice, but Tony ignored him and instead put a hand to his belly and said, "Look, if you could behave yourself tonight, I'd really appreciate it. Just…go to sleep or something, OK? Try not to kick me too much, maybe get your fat head
Hill was standing in the middle of the penthouse living area when they got back a little while after that, the rest of their stroll taken in comfortable silence, tablet in-hand and a none-too-pleased look on her face.
Tony rolled his eyes. "It was a stupid bet that— We never shook on it. There was no contract signed."
Steve just sighed and shook his head but said nothing to counter, though Tony knew him well enough to know he wasn't agreeing with Tony so much as trying to get him to drop an argument that he had no chance of winning.
"Hmm...you say 'blessing,' I say 'Steve, the poor bastard, is stuck with me until the end of time,'" Tony said without turning away from the pile again.
"Been a while since I've done this," Steve said, and Tony heard the click of a bottle top. "But I've read it's good for women, too, so—"
"Tony—"
"Because," he said, the voice conveying pure authority as he stood there with his arms folded, "we were trying to keep this quiet so Tony could go through this without the media shining a spotlight on him." He shrugged a little and added, "Doesn't really matter now. Tony's not going back to being as he was — not by her, anyway — so the sooner we get all this out in the open, the better."
Steve continued to frown. "But…aren't we the same person?"
"No," Tony said unambiguously when Bruce told him this around lunchtime.
"No," he said, "I mean down here. In the lab."
"Well, you're always calling Jim names like that, but you never really use them on me. I'm just... wondering if there's a reason for that," Steve said and shrugged a little, finding that he wasn't just trying to needle Tony. He really did kind of...wonder...why Tony was so free with his pet names for Jim and even Pepper from time to time but didn't...really didn't have any for Steve beyond the typical 'dear' or 'honey' or 'sweetheart.'
"There it is," Bucky said. "Long-time, no-see."
"Yeah. What else would I mean?"
Oh, he knew exactly what had torn and what Bruce had stitched, but he didn't really want to think about it.
. Wasted time is what it was.
"Anyway, who's left?" He frowned and looked at everyone, pointing at each person as he silently mouthed what he'd said about each one then said, "Huh, it's my turn. OK, well,
Tony rolled his eyes. "I
"Yeah, that was before I found out he fucking
"Shock," Hill said. "A little bit of worry. Disbelief. No one really seems to know what to make of it, but they're starting to put all the pieces together. I think you being at the gala last night really helped sell this."
"There is another floor specifically designed for this purpose."
"It was me
"But I was certain..." Thor murmured and slowly lowered himself back down to his seat, and Barton looked back at Steve and said, "Hey, a head's up about this might have been nice."
Steve, fit as ever after a good night's sleep, was already gone for his run the next morning when Tony woke up, grumbling and feeling kind of achy and tired and Jesus, was he always going to feel this tired now? And was he achy from that free-fall he'd done the day before or was it something more?
"'m fine, Tony," he murmured, his head lolled to the side.
And that's when the door slammed open.
Steve was busy inspecting one of the containers of formula and, judging by the unimpressed set of his mouth, wasn't quite happy with what he was seeing. He didn't respond in any way to the suggestion, which Tony assumed meant he wasn't listening, and he shook his head at the others and shoved them off and said that no, they were fine and they had other things to do, anyway.
She made another 'pfft' sound and said, "Who says I'm single? And even if I was, there's nothing wrong with being single, and I'm disappointed in you, Colonel, for inferring that there might be. This is the twenty-first century, and a girl doesn't have to be attached to a man's arm in order to make a worthwhile contribution to society. She can be her own woman without having to be some guy's other half— Or some
"Maybe there is something to this soul mate or bondmate business," she mused after a moment. "I never thought there was a perfect recipe for a relationship. Some work out; some don't. But I think you two have it down to a science more than most. You almost…balance each other. You bring out the best in each other. Of course, you can also bring out the worst in each other. But you two…need each other. You're at your best together. You…"
Steve snorted a laugh and said, "If that's what you want. I like to think I'd be a little…gentler about it."
"Shit,
Barnes spoke first.
"Doesn't matter," he said with a shrug.
Barnes eyes lit up like a child's on Christmas morning, and he turned to Wilson and said, "Oh, you don't say?"
"Maybe it just suddenly developed?"
him. I can
But he came to his senses rather quickly and went over to the bathroom door. "Babe?" he asked and knocked on it. "Uh… You OK in there?"
Tony grumbled and pulled away, brushing his fingers at the corners of his eyes to fix whatever had been messed up and muttering a, "Shut up," that didn't have much heat behind it.
"Yeah, that's what I thought." He stabbed the gelato again and shoved another spoonful in his mouth.
it, but I had to— Look, he didn't want to hurt my feelings. He wanted to be the nice guy, so he let me break up with him. He looked almost
"Well, good, because we both know you'd be worse than I am, so expecting
"Nothing I'm doing," he said, some weird charge vibrating in the air. "Hey, J? You doing something you're not supposed to be doing, buddy?"
"Hmph, whatever," he said and picked up the glass. He swirled it, sniffed it, then took a sip of it, his tongue picking up the distinct sweet flavor of—
Tony shook his head and patted his arm. "Nothing, babe. I'll go get us some grub. You get the sprog."
He snorted a laugh. "Of course I haven't. Haven't even looked at the menu. I've been talking to you the entire time."
"Sorry if I disturbed you. Didn't mean to."
"Are they bringing the body back? Thor didn't decide to do a Viking funeral for him somewhere, did he? Or some fucked up Asgardian thing to ensure Steve enters the pearly gates of Valhalla or whatever?"
So, they showered again, this time less luxuriating and more just to get cleaned up, and changed back into the clothes they'd thrown off before their lovemaking. Steve thought about stripping the bed and changing the sheets, but that seemed like too much effort, and he was fucking tired now and just wanted to sleep, so he led Tony back out into the living room and pulled him down on top of him on the couch, shoving the clean laundry to the one end and plopping his feet onto the pile, Tony sprawled out over top of him.
He tugged on her arm just a little to get her to follow him into the kitchen. "Uh…well, I was working on stuff, and I, uh…"
"Eh, technically they're not wrong. Tony Stark did sort of disappear, and the Avengers
feel like I'm ready to burst."
Yeah, definitely something going on here he'd somehow been able to keep from SHIELD.
"I mean, you're the first fella I ever did
"Calm down? Don't fucking patronize me. I'm not an invalid, Steve. I can be Iron Man."
"Excuse me?"
"Well, there is a difference," Steve said.
"Look, it does, all right? It just— It doesn't make sense otherwise."
Tony grumbled a little bit but still went around and got into the passenger seat while Bruce, Rhodey, and Hill all squeezed into the backseat. As they buckled in, Natasha started the car, checked her mirrors (and readjusted them on him, damn her), then checked her phone and said, "We didn't have to be there at
Tony startled a bit and looked at his watch. "Oh. Right. Probably. Tomorrow. What are you doing tomorrow?"
me in to submission, Captain?”
"Try me."
"This is impossible!" the first man cried out. "Men cannot
, and honestly, that was OK. He felt used by Steve but in the best kind of way, the kind that was empowering, the kind that said, yes,
"That's OK," she said and patted his hand. "Hormones."
like the guy more than that, but you're convinced he doesn't see you as anything more than a vain, spoiled, entitled brat, so you keep telling yourself he's a jerk and he's not worth your time because admitting that other thing? Well, there's a chance you could get hurt that way."
"Yeah? Well, here's a tip for your boyfriend—" She looked at Steve. "Keep an eye on him. Somebody's bound to strangle him one of these days." She held the carafe up. "You want me to top you off, too?"
t-shirt.
"Jesus Christ.
"What about him?"
"Ross?" Tony said, and Steve hummed his agreement. "You mean the current Secretary of State."
She nodded like she'd assumed as much. "She's mad at Papa, isn't she? Did he miss th' board 'gain?"
The entire time, Tony was typing furiously onto his phone, and Steve — if he was understanding this 'texting' thing correctly; Tony had explained it as sort of a personal telegraph — had a feeling he was sending a message to this 'Barton' about the present he'd got for their daughter.
He continued to laugh, and Steve reached out and rubbed his arms and said, "Uh, sorry? I don't, um—"
" he heard Wilson say over gunfire and the roar of the Hulk somewhere in the distance. "
Or was there?
"I'm sorry that your father was a soldier that died before you were even born. I guess there's something almost fitting about that. His father was a soldier, too, that died before he even got to meet him. Your other grandfather was an asshole, and the less said about that prick, the better. Your grandmothers were wonderful people, though. You're not completely descended from asshats."
"OK, I only brought the coffee in. I have to go back for the bagels. I mean, I guess I could have brought everything in on a nice serving tray, but since when the fuck am I Rosie the maid?"
He humphed and said, "Steve could probably find a use for it.
"What? Did you suddenly think I'd gone modest as I sit here with this giant belly hanging out— Look!" he said and motioned to the strange lurching that was going on underneath it. "It moves."
Steve stared at him a moment before he exhaled a breath through his nose and nodded. He took a somewhat defensive stance, planting his feet about a foot apart and folding his arms, and said, "Is it about those Infinity...pebbles?"
Steve nodded again. "OK."
But then
"Might as well do a full scan on me, J. See if you can find any other fun surprises."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "So, she did have to track you down and drag you back."
"It's been suggested that my sentiments are a better fit for Hallmark cards."
Bucky glared at Sam and held his arms out to take the baby from him, and Natasha said a bland, "He's not going to stop whining until you do," without looking away from the TV.
Like this was only the
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes, jostling a little and almost losing his balance as Steve jerked some beneath him — almost like he was warning him against saying something stupid.
"Yeah," Wilson said, holding up his phone like he was either taking pictures or recording, "but you're supposed to do this sort of shit at weddings."
Fucking hell, could he do it again? Did he
They left, the door latching shut behind the last one to depart, and Natasha went back to painting his toes.
"No," Rhodey said with a curt shake of his head. "I didn't say that. It just turns out that you and Steve are one of those really annoying married couples."
Thinks there's something
(Indigestion was going to be the death of him.)
"A few times— Hey! Look, you're in your workshop for going on your fiftieth hour, you stop caring about that sort of thing. You just eat whatever's put in front of you, OK? Could be a filet mignon; could be a boiled boot. You eat it. You don't think about it."
"Oh, yeah," Bruce said with a slight laugh. "Nat helped you get dressed for last night, didn't she?"
She put her hands up some in a slightly defensive manner. "I didn't mean to imply anything of the sort. As I understand it, this is a pregnancy that has its roots in love."
"Don't see
"Not too much," Tony said and stared at his screen a moment more before he looked at Steve. "Why? You have other plans?"
Steve dropped his arms again, and he reached out and snagged a hold of Tony's hand and gave it a squeeze just as Natasha and Pepper approached, Natasha looking cool and collected while Pepper looked a little nervous — which meant she was probably completely rattled underneath but was doing everything she could not to show it.
that you suddenly remembered that
Natasha looked at him and raised an eyebrow. "Not too late."
He felt that now-familiar telltale warmth pooling in his belly, throbbing and growing and threatening to overtake him, and Steve was murmuring something in his ear about wanting him to come, but it wasn't until Tony felt the familiar spend emptying into him, marking him, that he felt his own desire finally overcome him, and he came with the most obscene moan he was sure anyone had ever uttered, arching in on himself and gasping out for breath, Steve's spit-slickened fingers sliding out of his mouth and away as he worked Tony through the final aftershocks of his orgasm, murmuring how good he was and how beautiful he was and how perfect he was.
He sighed and huffed out a breath as he typed,
Though he'd never admit it to anyone, Tony knew Steve really didn't like being alone if he could help it.
He shrugged. "There may just have to be. What about when it comes time to have the baby, huh? You going to make Bruce deliver it?"
"Uh, look, it's not happening to you—"
"Wait!" Barton said. "Cap's not the oldest anymore? He lost his seniority?"
"OK, do you know what year it is?" She nodded.
She shrugged. "Sometimes. He hasta go to th' board sometimes, and sometimes he forgets to 'cause he's playin' with me 'n' Maddie, and then An' Pepper calls 'im and yells at 'im about it, and he tells her he's sorry an' to buy herself new shoes on him. What's that mean?"
?" Tony said in slight alarm and looked to him for clarification. Or to quell the oncoming panic attack. One or the other. Because if Barton was implying what he thought he was implying… "I'm starting to get a picture here, and I'm not liking what I'm seeing."
Steve stared into Thor's earnest expression a moment before he sighed and shook his head and said, "Don't listen to what Clint or Buck or any of them have been saying. There's no such thing as the Justice League outside of the comics."
"No," Steve said with a shrug. "Just figure it's not enough to feed her, and I'd hate to see it go to waste."
Steve had just shrugged and said, "Whatever baby wants, baby gets," as he handed over a credit card with a false name on it.
"Oh, because I had a lot of other things on my mind. Here—"
"Yeah," Wilson agreed, "he was very insistent on that."
"Pepper and Nat think it would be a good idea for us to get out of town for a few days," Steve said as he went back to his dinner. "Until this blows over, anyway."
Or evidently being married to Tony.
"Really thought he'd be noisier," Barnes said, and Tony didn't even have the energy to open his eyes and glare at him. "You know," he continued because clearly the idiot didn't know any better, "like the ones you see on TV or in the movies."
"Is freaky as hell?"
"Those allegations were never proven," he said, dismissive of the entire notion.
But Tony just gave him an empathetic look and said, "Neither did I before this one came along," then lifted a hand from the steering wheel and jerked a thumb at the backseat. "Been a learning experience for us both, but I think we're doing OK."
tell you. Not yet. Not if you want to be here with me in 2015. And I'm a selfish son-of-a-bitch. I don't like people touching my stuff. I'm not going to do anything that keeps
The room was silent save for the sounds of Olivia suckling, and Tony resigned himself to the fact that saying things like that wasn't nearly as much fun when Steve wasn't around to argue with him about it.
looking like that. Who the hell told you to dress like that? Wilson has more sense than that, so it must have been that asshole Barton."
"Los Angeles and Chicago news bureaus getting feeds from unaffected affiliates," Natasha said. "Local stuff is more word on the street," she added with a shrug.
He then turned his attention to the corner, where Olivia stood looking at the spilled pile of Christmas presents.
"It wasn't that bad."
Steve exhaled a breath, sharp and frustrated, and Tony patted his thigh.
He licked his lips to get the rest of the jelly and powder and finished the bite and said, "Hey, where the hell do you think you're going?"
"Tony, it's routine."
Steve just shot a lopsided grin at him. "'Cause I'm Captain America." Tony gave him a slight shove.
Steve exhaled a breath. "I know," he said, sounding less-than-pleased by the fact.
"I am, Steve," he said and pushed his chair back to stand up. "You know I'd follow you anywhere," he added and stepped around the table. He clapped Steve on the shoulder and continued, and Tony couldn't tell if he was disappointed or relieved, "But I don't think I'm ready to be an Avenger yet."
She just waved him off and followed Tony over to where he took a spot in the middle of the room — perhaps not coincidentally exactly where he'd stood nearly nine months earlier when he'd been put into this form for the duration.
“I think we might,” he replied just as the doors opened to the penthouse floor, their daughter’s heart-wrenching cries greeting them upon arrival. They both went a little soft at that — in more ways than one — Steve bumping his forehead against Tony’s, and Tony rubbed his arms once more and said, “You get the teething ring. I’ll get the brat. But wash your hands first. I know where they’ve been.”
there's something going on here that you're not quite telling me."
Pepper frowned and sat up as well, like she'd just been put on alert. "Why? Are you OK? Are you sick? Do you need to leave?"
Tony attempted to put his hands on his hips. "Look at me, Steve," he said and fumbled for where to put his hands given his disappeared waistline. "Does it really look like I should attempt to balance on anything above two inches? Aside from the fact that I'm not sure my ankles could take the balancing act."
"Yeah, but— Look, I know he's trying, and I know he's got his own shit to deal with, but making like the last seventy years never happened isn't gonna do shit for either one of us. Like I said, I think he's afraid that if we try to talk about anything other than what happened back then, we won't have anything to talk about. I don't know
"—but I just hate the idea that… Those assclowns on TV refer to me as 'mom' or 'the mom,' you know they're going to mean it in a negative sense because
Well, maybe it wouldn't be the end of the world to explain just a little bit? After all, it was an alternate universe, so who cared?
Tony rolled his eyes and scowled as the equation came back with less-than-adequate results. "Whatever," he muttered and typed in another to run. "There's no talking to him, anyway."
a day or two before they decided to tear apart the very fabric of the country for their own stupid aims and gains. Goddamn it, he hated them. He hated them so much, and when all this was over, he was going to root them all out and make them pay for this — make them pay for taking Steve away from him when he needed him the most.
Tony sat up some again and focused in on the monitor. He squinted his eyes and tilted his head, but it was Barton that said, "Holy fuck," like he recognized what was on the screen.
. That was— She wasn't— I don't know what you're talking about."
"They confirmed they lost communication with him when it went down," Natasha said, trying to keep her composure, but Tony saw the way she swallowed.
He blinked, slow, his eyelids so, so heavy, gauntleted hand still to his neck, and he tried to say something to Barnes, but he couldn't seem to get the words out. Barnes just surveyed what he'd done before he took several swift steps over to him and pulled his hand away from his neck then growled when something didn't go his way. He dragged Tony over to the fire stairs and slammed the door open, and he pulled Tony into the light and inspected his neck.
"It's not that kind of ceremony— And what do you mean
is going to exit my body sometime within the next month, and no matter how it fucking happens, it's going to
"Betcha never would've thought that from reading your books and listening to Howard, either."
"It wasn't your choice," Steve murmured but still didn't turn his gaze from the wall.
"Do not say that word—"
The man had a grip. He tried to jerk his wrist away, but Steve didn't give, and Tony looked up at him and, mustering all the fight he had in him, said a very succinct, "Let go of me."
"Actually, I can't complain," he said and reached back to pat Steve's leg. "He's been really good about things — better than I've been sometimes. I mean, yeah,
He finished up in the bathroom, and he switched the light off and made his way back into the bedroom where Steve sat up on the bed, back against the headboard, tablet in hand, fresh sheets that didn't bear the hallmarks of the thoroughly licentious things they'd done to each other an hour before. There was a tray of food sitting on Tony's side of the bed, and he went over and sat down, tucking one leg underneath him as he picked at the grapes and the cheese and the pretzels.
Now Steve, on the other hand...
"This doesn't mean I prefer you that way," Steve said with a roll of his eyes. "I've done drawings of you the way you are now. You've seen them."
"You remembered," Tony said and didn't mean to sound as amazed as he did.
Steve rolled his eyes. "I didn't curse out their mothers."
Steve nodded and kissed the baby on the head, and Tony asked, "Coming?"
The quiet of the West Village on a Saturday afternoon was actually kind of a welcome respite from the more tourist-traveled Midtown. Meeting up there might have been more convenient to him, but this was a meeting he didn't want getting out — not because he was doing anything
Once. Try two days ago.
Steve swallowed the bite of food. "What Falcon— Wilson— Sam was saying before. Something about fighting Hydra and getting turned into something? Who got turned into what? Does Hydra even have the power to do that? I know they have some crazy powerful weapons—"
"Uh, I just watched a report this morning talking about how Captain America's been seen around town with a gorgeous mystery brunette on his arm, so, yeah, I
"That'll stay exactly as I am and watch them grow old and die and there's nothing I can do about it."
like he was having any problems.
"I don't think you believe that."
"I am literally gestating your child in my uterus, babe. Isn't that a good enough present for you?"
"Yeah, you know
"OK, now you're just being deliberately obtuse. Stark-Rogers. We went with Stark-Rogers. It sounds better. Rolls off the tongue."
"Yeah, well, just so you know," he all but drawled, the words coming out much huskier than he'd intended, "I make an investment like that, I fully expect to get my money's worth."
buried at Arlington, and I do feel like I should go pay my respects, and I shouldn't go by myself."
He shivered.
But instead of getting up like Steve was doing, Tony just sat there and gave him his saddest and most pathetic look imaginable. Steve stopped for a moment and stared at him, but he just pointed to the door and said, "March."
He took another sip of his drink and shrugged. "Looks good from here," he said, pulling the glass away from his mouth and resting his forearm on the arm of the sofa.
He could have fought her on that, but he decided not to, instead saying, "Still, you didn't ask questions then—"
"Yeah," Sam said, "you two were always big with that eye-thing. Annoyed the crap out of the rest of us. You'd have an entire conversation just by looking at each other."
"He loves you," Barnes said simply. "Went crazy when you wouldn't take his calls the other day. Thought he was gonna tear his hair out. Wouldn't stop talking about you the entire time. Had to talk him down from stealing a car and chasing after you."
"Really?"
Still, that didn't stop the nagging little voice in the back of his head — the one that taunted him and pointed out his deficiencies, the one that had suddenly found something new and something devastating to bother him with. One little thought that he could oh-so-easily convince himself of because, honestly, he was pretty sure no matter how you shook it, it was completely 100% true.
He motioned over himself as though to prove his point.
crying. J, you better not have told Steve about this! False alarm. Doesn't mean anything."
Tony just glanced up to Steve, and Steve must have sensed his concern — the terrified look on his face probably clued him in — as he laughed and said, "It's fine. Seriously, you're going to love it. I promise."
Rhodey shot a glance at an oblivious Olivia then said, "I'm not sure we should discuss that in front of your kid."
There were no messages after that, and Steve rolled his eyes and went into the bedroom. He didn't really have time to check, but he logged into his computer situated on the desk in the corner then went about getting into his uniform as his desktop and icons loaded. He'd probably have to look into getting a new computer one of these days, but given a choice between eating and faster internet access, he'd have to say he'd choose the eating every time.
He made a face. "You're kidding."
"So, uh," he cleared his throat, "does Daddy go away a lot?"
"Said we're heading back out," he said and tried to call the suit to him. When it didn't respond, he frowned and looked down at his forearm. He felt for the sensors he'd embedded under his skin and found to his surprise that there were none.
He stood from his seat, the other two following suit, and it was not until they were at the door that the witch spoke again.
Tony tried to peel away what had been said to find exactly what
is totally hypocritical."
" the host asked finally, "
"Then change the access code," Steve said and pulled his hand back to close up the folder. He glanced up at Hill and said, "Let me think about these. Anyone asks, tell them we're reviewing the requests. Don't say anything about making any decisions."
Tony just blinked and met her eyes, tying to draw himself out of the rabbit hole of painful thoughts he was falling into. He smiled at the honest and simple confusion that stared back at him.
"Thor," she said, her voice like cut glass, "Son of Odin, I hear you've been looking for me."
"OK!"
"You hit your head earlier. You might have a concussion. Want to make sure you're OK."
"Tony, I mean it. Stop it."
Tony scowled and put his hands on his hips. "Say it a little louder, Steve. Not quite sure they heard you in Jersey."
"What are you in the mood for?"
"Olivia."
"Yeah? I notice you didn't say you'd
"Looks real,
of a lot of words to process, and a good chunk of them didn't make a lick of sense.
Tony put a hand to his chest to quiet him. "No, Steve, I don't feel like she violated me. She was more concerned with getting her dress to look right than she was with trying to grab a feel of the girls."
"Yeah? This baby's going to be overdone if it doesn't get out soon."
"Nothing," Tony said with a sigh. "Look, I just drove three-and-a-half hours straight. I'm tired, and I'm going to bed." He waved an airy hand in their direction. "Keep on…keeping on. Whatever. I don't care. Goodnight."
Jesus, was
"Yeah, look, Tones," Rhodey said, and Tony turned his attention to him next, "if he hurt you, I will totally kick his ass. You know that. But he does love you, and he does think the world of you. The guy's too damned earnest about that sort of thing to lie about it. Even if you kind of have to translate what he's saying into English."
"Yeah? And when people start asking questions about where our kid disappeared to? I think the only other kid in the world people are more curious about is Prince George, and, look, I'm clearly not biased or anything, but I'm like a hundred and twenty percent certain our baby is cuter than that kid could ever hope to be."
He rolled his eyes. "It's not— Look, I just think it's nice, all right? I don't think I
he definitely knows his way around a person whether they got an innie or an outie."
Steve, Thor, and Barton all looked at him pointedly.
But he just forced a smile at the guy and said, "Yeah, they, uh, they don't know when to quit."
Steve took another bite of the cookie and said a muffled, "Well, she's a baby. We don't really need to wrap her presents at all."
It didn't matter that he'd dropped Bruce's name. They couldn't fit him in at the doctor's for over a week. So, Tony used this delay wisely and attempted to convince Steve through demonstration that his medical needs could easily be served by both Bruce and JARVIS.
"Tony, I don't have any condoms."
"You know he's bullshitting you, right?" Jim asked, only to have "
"Wouldn't let us have a party for you but has
we have to provide valid ID,
He stopped short as Tony grabbed the tablet out of his hand, and Tony snatched up another slice of bacon and began to crunch on that as he read through the list of suggestions.
The Councilors exchanged looks with one another, and as they did, the witch said, "If you wish the King to have an heir, then do as I say. Otherwise, the King will die childless, and the kingdom will descend into much turmoil."
"Yeah? Sometimes, you're as bad a liar as you claim I am. Why are you mad at me? Is it because of Bucky?"
It was a defensive measure. Steve had seen Tony through enough good times and bad to know a patented Tony Stark Defensive Maneuver when he saw one, and rather than rising to the bait, he just nodded and said, "I know. I'm sorry."
He frowned and went over to the top of the steps. "Babe? You still down there?"
Tony stopped at the door, Steve right beside him. "Uh, we just drove god knows how many hours to the middle of Bumfuck, Nowhere, and you don't even know if it's going to
He smiled at them, tight, like a slimy snake not to be trusted. "Not a thing. Just wanted to say 'hello' and hope there's no hard feelings—"
"Look,
He didn't know if Tony meant the trusts or the fondling, so he gave him both, bowing his head to suck at the crook of Tony's neck, inhaling a scent he couldn't quite describe but one that somehow seemed to electrify his nerves. Tony was meeting him thrust-for-thrust now, his breathing heavy and jagged, and over some sort of mechanized hum in the distance and the creak of something beneath them, Steve could only hear the slick slap-and-slide of flesh against flesh. The familiar feeling of release began to build within him, each thrust bringing him closer and closer to the edge, and he had just dropped his hand away from Tony's undoubtedly bruised breast to balance out his shaky left arm when he came without warning, emptying his spend into Tony. Tony stilled his thrusts beneath him, panting, head still tipped back and neck still bared, and Steve teased out the rest of his aftershocks, watching the rise and fall of Tony's erect nipples as he breathed.
"Thank you," he said and bent down to kiss him again. He stood back up, and he shot a look at Barnes, and if Tony didn't know better, he'd say there was a silent warning issued there. Again, it felt like he was intruding on a private moment, and so he looked away, but he was pretty sure he understood what Steve had telegraphed to Barnes:
He opened the bedroom door and stepped into the hallway. His stomach grumbled again, which only seemed to aggravate little James Anthony, who went back to breakdancing or whatever the hell it was he was doing in there, and he rubbed his belly and said, "If I get you food, will you settle the fuck down?"
"What?" Steve asked. "What delusion? What are you talking about?"
"This is at least the
"Mmm…yes, but if
awful.
"Just like your 'L's, you pronounce your 'R's when you want to."
Steve had a stupid little smile on his face at that, and Tony couldn't believe he was really going with 'Roger,' but OK, whatever. He sighed and sat back in his chair and folded his arms, nestling them between his breasts and the small bump of his abdomen.
into their
He took a breath.
"Look, not that I think in this day and age you absolutely need to get married before your kid's born, but maybe there's more of my mother's traditions ingrained in me than I want to admit, and before anything else fucking screwy happens to us, because, seriously, we're Avengers. It's in the job description. But before anything else screwy happens, I just want a document that says Steve and I are married, everything's legal, I can put him in my will as my husband, and our kid won't be born a bastard."
spot inside of him. He could barely catch his breath, and he met Steve's gaze, his own a bit hazy and crowded with lust, and he was sure he slurred out, "Whassat?" but Steve just shushed him and, keeping up the strokes, leaned over him and kissed him, licking a light strip over his bottom lip so that Tony would open his mouth and offer entrance, Tony barely registering the thought that he was being forced to taste himself.
Or he thought it was familiar.
"How very magnanimous of you."
Tony rolled his eyes again. "We're going to have to hire a babysitter for those idiots."
Rhodey sat, his hand fisted against his mouth like he was trying very, very hard not to laugh. The others just looked at him in various degrees of perplexity.
"Just going upstairs to slip into something less sweat-on by douche-bros. Pep and Hill probably wouldn't want me burning their clothes, right?"
"Trust me," Steve said when he realized Tony was hesitant in his steps. "I'm not gonna let you fall."
"So the 'save it for the honeymoon' was a lie, too?"
She exhaled a heavy breath. "I told the Board before the gala last night. Half of them didn't believe me. The other half were stunned into silence."
"When's that?"
Tony stopped stirring but didn't look up from the mess of yellow and pink glop. He knew he wasn't Olivia's real father. He
No matter how Steve felt about him, Tony would always come second to Barnes.
"Do you think it's fair that you and Captain Rogers, two men in a same-sex relationship, should be so easily allowed to have your own biological children when most other same-sex couples that wish to have families either have to adopt or find a surrogate?"
"Suck," he ordered, and Tony took the digits in Steve's mouth and began to suck, his jaw still a little sore from earlier but nothing he couldn't work around.
his mind and body screamed at him, but he ignored them and pressed on with his mission.
Prototype lightweight gauntlet for travel purposes? Check. Hey, he was an Avenger pregnant with the child of the world's first super soldier. It didn't hurt to be prepared, especially since everyone knew who he was now.
"It is," Barton said, and Tony turned to scowl at him.
— She didn't turn me pregnant, all right? She turned me into a woman." He glanced at Steve then added to the crowd, "We
Tony stabbed another forkful of lettuce. "Are you?" he asked, deflecting rather than answering.
at them this time. She gave Steve what could be described only as an appreciative look-over before she turned to Tony, and her eyes lit up with delight.
He reached out to run a light hand down Tony's arm, and Tony watched this maneuver then looked up at him. "Are you hitting on me?"
Bruce shrugged, and after Barnes had finished locking the bassinette in place, he stood back up and said, "Uh, OK, I think it's good now."
. You could have anyone in the world — you're intelligent and creative and talented and just so…so amazing — and you settle for some poor slob from a Brooklyn tenement that was only ever worth anything to anyone after he became a science experiment."
"It is said—"
"When it comes to Tony Stark you sure as shit are. Always were." He whistled and added, "Could you imagine if Stark was as much of a creepy fucker as that Johann Schmidt was?"
"They? Who's
Then, to show Tony precisely what he meant, he traced his fingertips lightly up and down the swell. Tony let out a high-pitched keen and tipped his head back.
"I could probably hazard a guess."
"Yes, Sir."
"…Fuck you. Just for that, I'm walking without you."
"And so long as the fetus remains healthy and viable, the mother shall remain the same," Bruce said.
"Well, we could," Tony said and cut off another bite of chicken parmesan. "They're doing some massive remodel to it. We could go when it reopens."
Tony actually seemed relieved to hear that — like he wasn't sure that passing up his best pal for his ex-gal had been the right choice.
"No bacon, kiddo."
She looked like she was genuinely confused. "Like when Daddy makes 'em?"
But Steve just smiled dopily at Tony and said, "Yeah, I am."
holes in our security. Same assclowns that knocked out the power grid?"
Tony arched an eyebrow. "So, what, you just assumed I should be the one to stay home? Why? 'Cause I'm the one that got knocked up—"
Tony made a face unease then turned to Bruce and Rhodey. "What do kids watch?"
Barnes turned surprised and perhaps even revelatory eyes on him, like he'd suddenly realized something or discovered something. He blinked a couple times and said, "Maybe you're right. You know him better now— You know who he is now better than I do."
"Hey," Barton said and swirled his drink around some, "you gotta admit it's impressive. Usually in these situations, the idiots that get caught out can't keep their stories straight. Maybe you two really are
"Thank you," Steve said later that evening as they were climbing into bed for the night.
"Why don't you sleep on it?"
came back in his life. Now, he can take care of his little pal that evidently can't take care of himself. Oh, wait! Yes, he can, and clearly has been for quite some time.
"'member? Daddy said you get him shirts that're too small, and you said nuh uh, you don't that's Daddy's size, then Daddy said you two are the same size and then he put on your Dark Moon shirt to show you and made it all big." She giggled a little and fell down onto the bed. "It was too small on him. You said it looked like another skin. And then you jumped on him and fell on the floor and then we
"Happy for you," he finally appeared to decide on.
"Frequency modulation. And no. Time Warner owns our souls."
He glanced up and watched as Steve seemed to weigh this new information, mouth pursed and head cocked to the side and gaze somewhere across the room. He watched as Steve flexed his hands and ground his teeth a little and shook his head just the slightest before he nodded, either like he'd accepted this information in record time or was still having a hard time believing it.
out," and brought his mug of coffee to his mouth. He took a sip then added, "I thought you'd be happy. You're always threatening to change the locks to keep them out anyway."
"I'm still the leader of the Avengers," he said and raised an eyebrow at Barton.
right after Christmas. What the hell was this nameless 'journalist' doing trying to? Who was he trying to rile up?
. Tony, clearly, had turned him that way, had made him into that, had put those thoughts in his head.
"Yeah, if you believe in magic and superstition."
Stark-Rogers."
"Thanks," he said. Just because he didn't believe the guy didn't mean he couldn’t be somewhat grateful to him for keeping him alive and away from frostbite for at least a little while longer.
Olivia just pursed her lips a little. "You should make Papa kiss them away. Papa's the best at kissing boo-boos."
Steve stared at Tony a moment before he nodded once more. He exhaled a groan and shook his head a little before he gave Tony a lopsided and slightly bitter smile and said, "Every time I think I'm done being surprised about the future…"
" Steve asked with a laugh.
But the doctor didn't waver in her sunny attitude. She merely said, "Well, how about we just go over some of the usual stuff? I see you…" She frowned at whatever she saw on her tablet. "I see you filled out
She advanced on him slowly but didn't drop her arms. "Doesn't look like it's nothing. You just said he could be dead in a ditch for all you cared. That's quite a change in attitude since Friday."
"Oh, so you're the one that's been sneaking in and eating them on me."
"Tony, I did this to you!"
tightly."
Tony to stay Antonia, to make like he was a woman inside and out, no matter how much he insisted to the contrary.
He knew.
"He didn't know," she said, flat and with only the slightest hint of anger.
Steve merely shrugged.
wanting to see it, so I didn't really have a Plan B."
"I thought the whole point of this was to tell the world 'Natasha Carbonell' has been really been Tony Stark all along?"
"Hey—
"Uh… Yep. That's the one."
Steve just stood up to his full height, and Tony glowered a bit as Steve clearly tried to point out the discrepancy in their heights.
But then there was Steve. Poor, darling Steve. Steve didn't get hit, and he didn't get hurt. Steve got something worse than that.
"No?" Tony asked, cut off mid-rant. "'No' what?"
Steve frowned right back, his eyes glistening with unspent tears. "What? What's wrong? Is something wrong? Is something—"
She was quiet a moment, like she was thinking things over, before she said, "Did you run this by Steve yet? I'm not sure Captain America wants to be seen on a date with someone that isn't Iron Man."
Steve nodded his understanding, and he bit into an egg roll and chewed it a moment then said, "Who got turned into what?"
We just watched it yesterday!"
"Seriously?"
"Cap's not exactly the most emotional guy. You kind of have to guess at what he's saying," Barton said, and Tony found it hard to find fault with that. Tony knew and understood he was much more effusive with emotion than Steve ever would be, but if nothing else, he'd become rather adept in reading Steve in the two years that he'd known him, and Steve's affections were often shown in actions rather than words. He was pretty sure most of it was his upbringing and his generation — god help him for making the comparison, but Howard was of a similar emotionally- repressed mindset — but part of it probably was that Steve just wasn't that kind of guy. Steve didn't say 'I love you' a lot; Tony was much more inclined to utter those three little words. But Steve didn't have to say it. It was in the way he smiled at Tony, the way he looked at him, the way he brushed his fingers over his skin, and the way he did everything in his power to make Tony happy.
"I thought it was
Tony made a contemplative 'hmm' sound, and he cleaned the excess sugar off the sheet — or actually the paper he'd lined it with — wiping it into the sink, and said, "Good to know you're not sick of us yet."
He jumped when he heard the sound of cannons firing. He fell to the floor, covering his neck, his heart pounding, and glanced around to try to identify where the guns were coming from.
Tony made a contemplative humming sound then said, "No, honey, you are. You remember that time we were at the cabin and you tried to be nice and make breakfast and you need up having to go out to McDonald's and get some McMuffins?"
"The Goddess Esmeralda," he said, "or Esmeralda the Divine, was the keeper of fertility for the most ancient beings of the universe. It is believed she is a physical manifestation of life itself. It was she to whom couples that wished to conceive would pay tribute. She was a benevolent creature, but she was also, as I said, quite naïve. She sees the universe in a simple way. There are those that are bonded, and those that are not."
"It wasn't—" He sighed. "Never mind."
Not that Tony had a chance to really think about this at all, not when Natasha pressed the accelerator so hard that it threw Tony back against his seat or hit the brake so hard that he inadvertently leaned forward and had to catch himself against the dashboard, noting the tail-end of what he could only assume was a muttered Russian hex put upon the yellow cab that had cut in front of them. If Tony thought Steve was a reckless driver (everyone assumed Steve would drive like an old grandpa; everyone was wrong), Steve had nothing on Natasha, who obeyed the barest minimum of traffic laws as she flew through Midtown, zipped down a rain-slickened FDR Drive, and careened around lower Manhattan until she'd found an adequate parking spot by Worth Street. Bruce was a little shaken by the time he got out of the car, and Tony thought he saw the slight tinge of green in his eyes, but he just clapped Bruce on the arm and said, "Hulk out on my wedding day, and you'll definitely be off my Christmas card mailing list this year."
"C'n I sleep on Daddy's side?"
"Not going to, babe. Not while I have breath in my body."
Rhodey just rolled his eyes. "Tony—"
"Home. Well, the roundabout way, anyway. Livvy, baby, stop kicking the seat. Papa's trying to drive."
"And Unca Rhodey and An' Pepper," she added. "They're the only 'ture ones. You 'lways say the rest are crazies, and then Daddy says,
I take it you weren't writing coded love letters to each other during the war."
He swallowed and turned the deadbolt to lock the door so that he couldn't be disturbed, and he went over to the sink and made to splash cold water on his face to try and temper some of the desire, but he caught the ridiculous tenting of his pants, remembered
" JARVIS replied, and Tony rolled his eyes as Pepper stepped in front of him and said, "Tony, we need to talk."
"Ish shis fo' me?" he asked through a mouthful of food.
that murdered my parents just fucking came out and
He laughed. "Trust me. I'm not getting all my information from Wikipedia. I already got that lecture from Bruce. But it's a good starting point."
He nestled back into that crook of the couch between the back and the arm and motioned for Steve to cuddle up against him. Steve raised an eyebrow and said, "You sure?"
Bucky grinned at him. "Then I guess Stevie'll have to make like the ninety-year-old that we all know he really is and write another letter to our rep demanding they not privatize it." He smacked Steve's arm. "Seems to have worked so far."
Steve shot him a flat look at the age comment but then shook his head and said, "No. No showers."
"Yeah? He's smart. He'll figure it out."
Tony matched his smirk and went to smack him, but Steve caught his hand and held it in a firm but still somehow gentle grip, and their gazes met over the top rims of their sunglasses before they moved as one, leaning toward each other and meeting in the middle, sealing their union with a kiss.
Barnes stared at him a moment, and he pointed at Tony while he said to Steve, "I don't know if I like him for you anymore, Stevie."
about having Steve inside of him. And not just in this body, but he'd felt it in his other body, too. Yes, it was hot and sizzling and tantalizing and sexy and all that other good stuff. But it was also
Steve shrugged. "Whichever. I'm just saying it's not as…foreign a concept as you think it might be. I almost think it's kind of fitting. Out of all of us here, you're the creator. You're the one that makes things, that creates and builds and breathes life into things." He pulled a hand from behind his head and reached out to rub Tony's small belly. "Why shouldn't this be part of it?"
Steve hit the button as told and watched as the window slid up all on its own. "Wow."
He couldn't. He knew he couldn't. Howard never had it in him to do something like
"What's her name?" Hill asked, sounding equal parts intrigued and under the firm belief that he was lying through his teeth, which he probably was as he hedged and stumbled a bit before he finally said a somewhat unsure, "Uh,
He cracked the smallest smile and said, "What do you mean jump off of things?"
"Sarah Maria."
"Buck wouldn't—" he started to say in reply but just shook his head and shut his mouth like it wasn't worth the effort, and Tony stuffed the bite of food in his mouth then went to cut himself off another.
"Welcome to my world," Wilson told her.
Clerk's office. Be there or be square."
"Come with me," he said.
"Do we live here?"
"You never enjoy things that are actually good for you."
“I’m pretty sure this isn’t an approved disciplinary action as set forth in the Avengers Initiative manual that I never bothered reading.”
"Do whatever you wanted," Steve finished for him. "Go to a show. Go to a movie. Go to a diner. Crash a wedding."
But he didn't feel guilty. He felt at peace. Goddamn him, he was at peace, and he didn't want to go back — not then, not ever.
Steve motioned before them. "Why do you think I ordered
"Cake was cheaper."
He felt the burn of attraction begin to flush his face, and he tipped his head back and blinked to try to clear his head as Natasha moved her mouth from his neck down to his collarbone and— Oh, god, that was his breast. Was she sucking a fucking hickey onto his breast? How the fuck was he supposed to explain
," Bucky's voice came over the radio. "
"Supposed to stick it in the freezer and have it on your first anniversary," Barton replied.
Steve nodded as well, and he went quiet a moment before he said, "I want you to promise me something."
"I'm like him."
"Eh," he said and snipped one connection to rewire it to another, "still think of myself as one. I guess. I don't— I'm not really sure— I mean I guess—"
"Yeah, don't think he'd be willing to give any of it up — even to you, Brucie. Sorry. Think he's afraid of it falling into the wrong hands. Evidently, he's not wrong to worry about that going by what almost happened to
"I know you wish you had disposed of him before the King had been crowned and you are now stuck with him. I know you wish you had more control over the King, and it angers you that a
The doubter didn't look any more convinced than he had been previously, but that seemed to placate the rest of their audience. Tony honestly didn't care. He knew what the truth was, he knew he was telling the truth, and that was as much as was owed to anyone.
Bruce turned to him, and he put calming hands out and said, "Tony, don't panic, but it sounds like you might be in the early stages of labor."
"Sure. Why not? Serves the emotionally-repressed bastard right. You want to do it right after he comes home or wait a day or two?"
Cap held Tony's gaze for just a moment longer before he turned to Olivia and said, "Tell you what. I bet if you close your eyes, the next time you open them, Papa'll be standing right there with us."
He sighed and looked at his mess, and he thought about cleaning it up but decided against it because he just couldn't be bothered, and he dumped the used cutting board and tenderizer into the sink and set the bag back in the cupboard and said, "Wait, why is it
"And without Steve's help after all," Natasha mused.
had been keeping tabs on them, and he lost his balance as the distance between him and Steve extended beyond what his arm could reach, stumbling a bit before he gained his bearings and was able to counterbalance Steve's weight to keep them from going any further.
Tony was too busy gawking and wondering how anyone could reject a cake that looked like
"Because this is a lot different than fucking around in the lab with your robots," Steve said, their squawking infant cradled in his arms. Even he looked beat, though Tony could tell he was trying to hide it. "Babies are a lot more demanding. They can't just power down or hang out in their charging stations."
But the guy just hummed, some disgustingly intrigued smile on his face, as he said, "Mmm...a fighter. I like your kind. Like the kind that makes me work for it."
"But how can you be sure?"
Ugh... He shivered. He could handle anyone's blood and tears except his daughter's. And pretty much Tony's, at this point, as well. In fact, there was a terrible and horribly selfish part of him that was tempted to pull rank on Tony and put him on 'permanent leave' from the team. Tony hadn't had any downright horrible mishaps in the field just yet, but that was the thing. He hadn't had any horrible mishaps just yet. Steve didn't know how much longer their luck could hold out, and now he had an entirely new reason to keep Tony safely away from anything that could harm him or, to be frank, kill him.
in it! Look at her, Steve, and tell me this isn't the cutest kid you've ever seen!"
, if you'd rather not get us covered in ticks and fleas and whatever the fuck else lays in wait in grass, there's always the road. Haven't seen a car yet."
"He— He
"You never want him to touch you again?" Bruce asked with a sly smile.
"—at twelve-thirty in the morning?"
"Steve did threaten to separate them the other day," Natasha said and dipped the brush into the bottle of polish to apply the first coat to his other foot.
"Maybe she didn't intend for it to…go the way it did."
He left the room again, the wet towels and the remnants of Steve's cup in hand, and he called back, "Go upstairs and get changed! You're going to be miserable the rest of the day if you don't — and don't give me any of that shit about 'back during the war'! War ended a long time ago!"
"You know we're not going to get to have a big party, right?"
Steve practically growled at that, and he moved his hands from Tony's ass and slid them down to just underneath his thighs, the soft, seemingly hairless flesh a startling surprise for him for only a second before he hoisted Tony up and pulled Tony's legs around his waist. He pulled his mouth away from Tony's neck and took a look around the lab for something to lay Tony down on, and he was about to just use the worktable beside them when he spotted the exam table over which someone had thrown a white sheet, and assuming Tony had done it while he'd been in the shower, he carried him over and set him down atop it before climbing up himself.
Steve tightened the hand he had at Tony's waist, pressing it more firmly into Tony's lower back, more possessively, and Tony's eyes shot open at the motion.
" as he stumbled and lost his balance, taking care to toss Tony onto the couch before he himself fell to the floor.
He rolled his eyes. "Look, I don't have time to explain it—"
"Like you're his entire world. Like you hung the sun, the moon, and the stars. It's sweet, but at the same time, it's terrifying."
Steve shot a pointed look at him. "Kinda what we did with the boy's name."
"Nat already texted you, didn't she?"
" Steve asked like the word was foreign to him and took another gulp of juice.
Thor just smiled a little. "For all the advancements that have been wrought on Midgard, there is still much your fellow man has yet to advance to."
," Steve finished with an abashed smile. Yeah, he'd definitely been about to say 'dame.'
She turned her attention to him, her eyebrows raised in slight surprise. "You do not know?" she asked like his question confused her.
She grinned. "Oh, I think so, too. I don't want to say, but I already have a couple of
"Thought we already had one?"
"What does that have to do with—?"
Tony frowned and winced a little as Steve sat back down. "Uh," he said while Steve cooed at the baby and picked her up from her carrier, "say whatever I want because she's six weeks old and doesn't understand anything?"
"Yeah, my stomach's doing somersaults, but other than that, just hunky dory," he said, and they arrived at the penthouse not a moment too soon. He ran up the stairs and into the bedroom, and he made a mad dash for the bathroom and hit the toilet just as he threw up. He was coughing and gagging by the time he felt a presence behind him, and a large, familiar hand settled on his back and said, "Crackers?"
"Yeah, that too. It's for science, Steve. We're doing it for science."
In any case, he was not ever being put into a position to deal with Tony Goddamned Stark, that was for damned sure.
She nodded once more, but Tony rolled his eyes and said, "What's the point of this, Sprout?"
"Selfie," he said. "Smile babe!"
my real name. Haven't you been listening?"
But if she'd found out that Tony — her Tony — had gotten himself mixed up with his father's lifelong obsession… He could hear her voice now:
"Well, I know that's what everyone
Steve was quiet a moment before he said, "Tony, that's not—"
going to be a pain in the ass to sign. Should have just gotten you to change your name to 'Stark.'"
Tony could only stare like his brain had short-circuited.
"Six weeks, babe. No sex for six weeks. Actually, given how quickly I'm healing according to Brucie, maybe a little less than that."
"Is Tony coming?" Bruce asked Ella, and Tony frowned at Bruce and said, "Uh, I'm right
"I'm not sure one party once a year counts as adequate usage," he replied as Steve suddenly appeared, a box in his hands and a sheepish smile on his face.
"Nah," Tony said and turned to his computer to run a simulation. "This might feel a little weird for a sec. Anything hurts in any way, you let me know, got it?"
Steve sighed again and rolled his eyes. "Bucky..."
"Huh?" Steve asked but followed as Tony led him over to the stairs and then up to the second floor. He followed Tony into the bedroom, and then Tony let go of his hand to pick up the expertly-wrapped box that sat in the middle of the bed. OK, maybe not 'expertly,' but he'd watched a couple YouTube videos, and he thought it wasn't half-bad for what was really his first stab at it.
"I know," Tony said with a nod, a lump forming in his throat and tears stinging his eyes. God, not now. Why did they have to talk about this
"Yeah, so's getting shit on by a bird. I think whoever came up with that was just trying to make themselves feel better for their miserable life," Tony said and followed Natasha onto the elevator, the others crowding in behind him.
He met her earnest and hopeful gaze from where she lay there on the bed, and he exhaled a slight breath through his nose and said, "How 'bout I stay with you until you fall asleep? Uncle Rhodey's still downstairs. I don't want to be rude to him."
"You can't think of another gossip site, can you?"
She just grinned and said, "I'm sure you will."
"Do you not know me at all?"
. Didn't hit on one of my insecurities about this relationship at all."
, Papa! He belongs t' Unca Hawky. You know that! But you told Unca Hawky you're gonna take Nate away from him 'cuz he's too r'spons'ble."
He didn't wait for Steve to reply. He just went about making some tweaks to Barton's arrows, and after a few moments of silence, Steve said, "Tony, that wasn't… That wasn't what it seemed like."
He whined.
Steve dropped his hands away from Tony's face then scooped him up into a bridal carry. Tony went with it, putting his arms around Steve's neck and saying a quiet, "
"Let yourself be happy?"
"Yeah? What makes you think I'm going to be
"And how can you be so confident about that?"
"Yeah, we'll see about that."
" Barton repeated. "That's kind of old-timey. They do that especially for you?"
I just want to spend time with you?"
target painted on my back now for sure—"
He motioned over Tony's body and made no effort to hide the fact that he was totally imagining what it looked like beneath the layers, and Tony just marveled at him and murmured, "We're all pigs, aren't we?"
"Yeah, well, at least two of those she's guaranteed to find a career in."
Tony blinked, perplexed at this sudden and questionable change of heart. "And what reason could you possibly have for issuing what might be the stupidest order you've ever given?"
" JARVIS intoned through the speakers, "
"Yeah, I'm the one that did that to you."
The fry did taste good, and he was pretty hungry, but knowing the mess he'd just caused — again — didn't sit well with him, and it was hard to eat when all he could think about was how he'd fucked up and how everyone now
The host smiled a little and said, "
Steve frowned. "That's not—"
Steve cringed and relaxed just the slightest. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to come off as ungrateful."
Tony made a face and sucked in a breath. "Uh,
"I knew him a long time ago," he said, casual, not letting himself harken back to any of those memories of long ago. And before Steve could ask any more that might threaten to send Tony down a memory lane he
"'M not tired," he grumbled, which was a lie as he actually was pretty exhausted even for this not having been the body that had undergone all the trauma.
"What about her staff?" Steve asked, and Bruce hedged and scratched the back of his head.
They exchanged glances before they both shrugged and uttered some variation of sounds in the affirmative.
Wilson shook his head and stood his ground. "No, man— Just, no. You picked up my phone and started having a conversation with—"
Barton rolled his eyes. "Look, trust me. It had nothing to do with either of you or any of this. It was a
He shrugged again. "Look, maybe I'll change my mind in six months. I don't know. But right now…yeah. I don't need— I'm comfortable, well, relatively, I mean," he said and put a hand to milk-swollen breasts. "But it's not— I don't feel like I'm in a foreign body or the
"There's only the one bedroom," Steve explained and pulled away from Tony to put his arm around Barnes's shoulders, "but you could probably stay on the couch— If you wanted to stay, I mean. You don't have to stay. You don't have to do anything you don't want."
"This is why I said you need to go to an actual medical doctor, Tony," he finally said, frustration rampant in his tone.
at the amount of spend Steve emptied into him. He'd
He shrugged but wouldn't meet Tony's eyes. "I guess I just… I don't know. Maybe?" he said, unsure, then quickly launched into, "I know that sounds weird. I know it
"Of course," Tony said with a proud nod of the head.
She turned as soon as he came into her line of sight, and she smiled and babbled at him, and though he smiled back at her, his nose twitched at the realization that, yep, she definitely needed a diaper change.
Bruce blew out a breath. "How long have you got?"
"I didn't call you fat," Steve said, earnest and matter-of-fact. He glanced over a second. "And put your seat belt on."
Steve dug his fingers into the soft and sensitive flesh beneath Tony's thighs, and Tony gasped and began to fondle his breasts, squeezing and tweaking the nipples and rubbing them between his thumb and forefinger, all in the way he was embarrassed to admit felt really damned good, sending quivers of pleasure all the way down to parts of him that had been grossly underserved up to this point of the evening.
Suspicion clouded Steve's face, his eyes narrowing and his lips pursing into a frown. "What's wrong?"
Tony knew about that, too? — and Tony's eyes went wide as he muttered a quiet, "Holy shit," then reached down to the table and grabbed his cellphone. He held it up in front of his face, and as Steve continued to glare at Tony, a flash went off at him, and Tony said, "Grumpy cat personified," before he pressed his thumbs against the shiny surface of the instrument.
Tony looked up at him again and folded his arms. "First of all, you asking who I am—" He made a weird, almost contemplative grimace. "Kinda smarts a lot more than I thought it would."
Sam pointed at Tony. "Uh, his ex-girlfriend and her new fiancé."
She grumbled a little and tried to fight it, but Tony just stood up and scooped her up into his arms. "Yeah, no, I don't think so, Young Miss. You're getting cranky again, and I'm not taking you to Spring Palace if you're going to be cranky like that, and Daddy will be all sorts of cranky himself if he doesn't get his traditional Christmas General Tso's."
Steve laughed again. "I don't think that you do."
The three stopped cold and looked to Tony, and Steve stole a surreptitious and murderous glance at Barton as Barton said, "Yeah? What did I say?"
"Think of everything, don't you?" Natasha mused, and he shrugged.
"First name was easy. I wanted 'Steven' for a middle name, but I lost the fucking coin toss."
"Fine," Barton said with a shrug. "But now I'm thinking you two are a couple of sexist pricks." He motioned at Natasha and said, "How do you feel about that, huh? Your own Captain thinks he's too good to have a daughter — that his sperm is too good to carry any inferior X chromosomes."
, Steve. I know. We've gone over this. I appreciate it. I do. But please just…"
Steve's hand was lax on his back, and so Tony pulled away and wandered around the gallery, the gazes of either friends or clients of the owner settling on him as he moved past, brows knitting together like they were trying to figure out where they'd seen him before. There was also a man with a camera wandering around as well, though Tony couldn't tell if he was paid or was just a friend of the gallery owner with an annoying hobby. He'd spotted Tony and poised his camera a couple times as though to take a picture of him but had thought the better of it at the last second, confusion etched over his face as he presumably tried to figure out just who exactly Tony was.
But he didn't stay working on it long. Instead, he found his gaze drifting over to the Cap, who was staring down at one of the napkins that he hadn't torn up, and Tony saw he'd gotten his hands on a pen and was busy sketching something on it. He watched him a few moments, first the sketch, which was too abstract for him to make out at the angle he was sitting at, before he glanced up to Steve's face and followed the line of his profile — his forehead, his strong nose, his full lips — and then over the side of his face — his firm jaw, his cheekbones, and those ridiculously long eyelashes that would be the envy of anyone.
"'cause we're soul mates."
Steve's eyes went wide in horror, and Tony said, "Yeah, it's probably a good thing you missed the early 2000s. I think that would have been a rough time for you. Though I would seriously have paid good money to see Dick Cheney tell Captain America to go fuck himself — and don't think he wouldn't've!"
"OK?"
were she and the Captain together, and was that the Captain's baby? Was she just a surrogate for them? Was this the product of an affair? Was she trying to exploit him for something? Just what were her aims?
"Clint," Steve said, direction his attention away from Tony, "find out what you can about this Strucker. His contacts, his allies, his last known-whereabouts. I'm getting the feeling he's someone we really don't want having any control over that scepter."
"Whatever," he said and watched as Steve continued to play with his belly. "Seriously? Are you done yet?"
Either this was one muscular dame or this wasn't a dame at all.
He would never be there again to hold him or comfort him or smile at him. He would never again get to tease Steve about not hearing him say 'I love you' enough.
"They block the garage bay, Thor and Bruce promised they'd offer a distraction."
Tony scoffed out a laugh. "How do you know that?"
"Huh? What?"
, that
"Tony, it's nothing to be embarrassed about," Bruce said as he made his way back over. "It's natural. It happens every day."
He tapped the pen against his chin again then wrote '2 years.' It was technically closer to a year- and-a-half, but whatever. He rounded up.
Tony chanced opening his eyes to look at him. "You're not disappointed?"
"Yeah? If the vultures are all still downstairs, how are we supposed to get past them?"
"The bad one. The one that was gonna hurt you. He came back and—"
a father, all I have to do is take his shitty example and do the exact opposite. I already know you have to actually pay attention to the kid. And telling them that you love them really goes a long way. And I don't… Look, it sounds crazy, but I feel it, Bruce. I can feel it in my bones. She's my daughter, and I just know that I would rip the limbs off of anyone that would even think of harming one hair on her head, and I… I don't think I can lose that now."
than you are
But Tony just steeled himself and pushed forward with his plan, reaching over to mouth by the man's ear (and yes, the man was actually a little shorter than he was with his heels on), "I didn't want to say it in front of the others, but my girlfriend and I have been looking for someone to join us for a while now."
He went to fight her on that, but before he could get a word in, she said, "So, I hear you've already got a name?"
"That's different."
He opened the jar but was relieved to see that it didn't appear as though the preserves had begun to break down any.
Tony went to tell him to 'fuck off,' but he remembered at the last second that there were impressionable young ears listening, and he bit his tongue then turned his attention back to the kid.
She suddenly went animated as she described in detail something about sisters and snow and magic, and she ended it by singing something that had to have been called 'Let It Go.'
"What?"
Tony hedged a little and pushed in between the staring contest going on between the two. "Yeah, you know what? I think I'll get Wilson's breakfast for him."
want to be your doctor! I am not an obstetrician. I am not a gynecologist.
Since when are you hanging out with Rhodey?"
"Excuse me?"
Steve shrugged. "We'll take our car. I overheard someone say there was valet parking." Tony hedged, not really comfortable leaving his car with the valet, but Steve shrugged. "Or we could walk over. It's up to you."
, Steve!"
"Yeah," Tony said with a shrug as he set up all the tools he figured he would need, "but not for the reason you're thinking. JARVIS is always monitoring what we do."
Tony picked his head up and looked at him, eyes glazed and flush spread from his cheeks down to his chest. "We never had any use for them before."
"Sam Wilson," he replied and motioned for Steve to follow him over to the table they were being led to now their conversation with Wilson was over. "The Falcon," he added and sat down at the table and shrugged off his overcoat. Steve followed suit and took the chair opposite him then tried to thread Olivia's legs into the little child chair that had been set up between them. Tony eventually had to help him when Olivia didn't cooperate as well as she could have.
She huffed. "
He pulled away from Steve's arms, talking to the baby as he left, and Steve turned back to Bucky and Sam, who were still standing there side-by-side and looking after Tony as he went into the kitchen. After he had, Bucky motioned in the direction he'd gone in and said, "What did her shirt say?"
Did she really think he might willingly do this a second or a third time? OK, to be fair, she had no idea who he was, but
in their 'right mind' would marry Barton."
"Yeah?" He tugged him a little closer. "Well, you're stuck with me, so you'd better learn to live with it. Just like you'd better learn to live with my 'sucky' cooking and my 'lazy ass' that can't be bothered to run a dishwasher."
"Well," he conceded as he pulled to a stop at a red light, "at least he did until
"Maybe she's just a surrogate? Maybe it's not even his."
Above him, Steve shivered and murmured, "I really wish you didn't make me watch that."
"Yeah, it sucks. I have to…squirt water on myself. Yeah, that really does as good a job. You know what's been coming
Olivia just scoffed as Tony ushered her onto the car. "No, he can't! Friday can do everything. Jarbus can't even call me the right name!"
"He knows what hat," Tony said as DUM-E met up with them and nudged Steve. "He also likes Steve the best."
enough to wear white—"
' Not 'a girl,' just 'someone.'" He went quiet a moment before he glanced at Tony and said, "I wish she coulda met you."
Tony thought about this a moment then said, "Come on, Bruce—"
"Yeah," Barton said, "but we pick on him for being a foreigner. You're just old and set in your ways."
He closed up the flaps and set that aside then picked up the last photo, also in a folder but a little larger than the previous one had been. He unfolded the flaps, this one a little more worn and frayed at the edges, gasping a little at the obvious resemblance he saw staring back at him.
Barton made a face. "I don't even know what
Tony blinked and glanced at her. "You don't
Unless he—
, all right? He felt— He believed— This wasn't
," but he ignored that and continued, "I'm fine."
Tony let out a laugh. "That might be a little too—" He sat upright and rested his elbows on his knees. "It's kind of hard to explain when I don't even think you know what a computer is yet."
" JARVIS informed him after several long minutes, and he breathed a sigh of relief. Good. He could plop her in front of the TV and let her melt some brain cells there.
Tony scowled at this, but Steve asked, "Do you think there's more that she wants?" as he took several slices of overcooked bacon off the pan. He set them on a paper-towel-covered plate and set the plate on the tabletop. Thor gladly snatched up several slices.
"No," Tony replied and shook his head. "Not really. But I don't think we really have a choice."
Tony shook his head. "Shoot."
Steve just continued to rub, and Tony sucked in a breath and tried to tamp down that twinge of desire that always crept up whenever Steve touched him like that. They'd done enough the night before, thank you very much, and if Tony did anything like that this morning, chances are he'd be zonked out by the time the press conference rolled around that afternoon, and as Steve and the others had found out in the past, a pregnant Tony Stark woken from his afternoon nap was a
"Wanna bet?"
got a few bucks to spare. It's OK. We can totally afford to replace this. It's going to stink after a while." He stopped talking a moment then said, almost to himself, "Wonder if Barton's in the market for a slightly-used sofa?"
But to be permanent — for it to be
"Yeah, I know," Steve said, sounding downright miserable at that fact. "So, how do you want to do it?"
"Hard on her?" he asked and pushed away from Bruce as he moved over to the worktable. "Hard on her?" he asked and sat down, putting pressure on his hand to stop the blood. It was coming through the gauze, but again, fuck it. "First of all, she appeared out of thin air. I am under no obligation to her whatsoever. Second, because of her, the best thing that's ever happened to me decided we're better off as friends. Third—"
“Are you going to scream it from rooftops?” Steve asked softly, his eyebrows furrowing. The familiar expression had Tony’s fingers tracing Steve’s eyebrows, memorizing it.
Steve walked towards Tony and the light from the windows cast Steve in a harsh glow. “Forgot something.”
Steve shook his head with a hint of confusion but picked his matching burner out of a pocket in his uniform. He flipped it open and put it to his ear. “Yeah?”
__________
Tony always burnt those omelets, but he got up anyway, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth that felt too heavy to cooperate. He pushed away that hatred as he did so, he had to face the music he had put on the record player. Even if it sounded like screeching cats and grandmothers clanging pots together.
Tony’s eyes widened a bit and then he broke into a smile. He pushed himself up to go after her, mainly because he would be out of his mind bored if he just sat around. He felt something hard underneath one of his hands as he did so. He looked down and saw the burner sitting on the couch.
And Tony could tell you almost anything about science. He could answer questions about thermonuclear astrophysics without even blinking an eye. He could measure probabilities and and make estimates frighteningly close to the true numbers.
Of course, Steve didn’t care about that because he had Erskine's serum and that meant he was incapable of dying.
Sam was the next to return to the compound, his mouth bubbling apologies to Rhodey. And Rhodey had been gracious, more gracious than Tony could have ever been. And then he had showed Sam how he could walk with undeniable pride.
“No offense, Fury, but how can we trust people we don’t even know?” Natasha pointed out, not even looking at the folders sitting in front of her.
Steve watched him like he’s was feral cat that might scratch him if he stepped too close. He kept his distance, and he didn’t even glance at his old shield sitting on the table. “Not my taste.” He deadpanned.
“Only pleasant?” Steve asked teasingly, sitting up once he had tied his skates. He probably noticed Tony’s struggling because suddenly he was on the ground before him, tying the laces.
“Like what you see?” Tony asked as they made their way over to the car Happy had brought for them. Tony looked up at Steve who only winked in response. Tony shook his head, stifling a laugh with the back of his hand as he entered the car.
“That’s why I came here, so I could drink, and yet I’m not even buzzed. Who’s fault is that?” Tony asked and Rhodey shrugged, not even trying to look sheepish or apologetic.
His last words on this earth were the three most important. He had only ever voiced them to a handful of people and he thought maybe he should have voiced it more when he had the chance.
Steve didn’t seem so sure, and he glanced over at the stone and then back at Tony. “I know I woke up in another century and all that, but these stones are weird. Even for me.”
“I’m going to ask you again. What were you thinking?” Rogers was intimidating, that was for sure. Tony had almost forgotten for a second.
“Look, Cap, get off my case. You haven’t been around all that much, alright? I had to make a call and I knew there were risks but I also knew it was the right call.” Tony explained, and since Rogers refused to answer him he still had no idea on how it panned out. He had gathered that after he had put that solar jewel in the place of the mind stone, the power had thrown him back and he had hit his head. And apparently he was the only one sporting any injuries but to be fair he was the closest to Vision when it had happened.
“I don’t know, I couldn’t even get a name, but he was definitely alien. He said he was part of the Black Order? I couldn’t get much more than that, or at least I don’t remember because there are gaps in my memory.” Rhodey ran a hand over his head, distress radiating off of him in waves. The stone that the alien had taken was powerful, but they had no leads and no clue hinting at which direction they should go. If all they had was faulty memories, Tony figured it was best they deal with Vision first.
Warmth spread through Tony’s chest. Vision thought the compound was home, and it was almost too much. Their friends were free and here was Vision, completely unaware of the fact that Tony was having heart palpitations.
Tony must have noticed Steve’s staring because after a while he looked over with that soft, open expression Steve liked to think was reserved only for him. Steve blushed, his cheeks tinging pink even though he was definitely allowed to stare at his boyfriend all he wanted.
“You know, I’m really glad Rhodey is doing well. Even walking again, and from what I heard that’s a miracle.” Steve commented offhandedly, obviously trying to warm Tony up to him while also changing the subject. Tony considered lashing out, but that wouldn’t have helped anyone, and it would have been completely unfair.
“Probably because you didn’t have your human teddy bear with you.” Tony pointed out with a yawn that made his eyes water. He sat up a little straighter and looked over at the coffee machine and then at Steve. “That’s probably some sort of hazard. Watch out, Captain America didn’t have his human teddy bear! Might have adopted the personality of Oscar the Grouch. Will probably still help you cross the street.”
Steve turned his head to look at Tony. “I have to fight.” He said as he stood up, obviously having much more strength left in him than Tony. Tony barely had the energy to keep sitting up without Steve’s arm around his back.
Tony pulled Rhodey up by his elbows, holding firm to let Rhodey know that he wouldn’t let him fall. Tony looked up at him with a sly grin. "How are you feeling?”
Tony unraveled himself from his thoughts and went forward, plopping himself down on the couch beside Steve. He left some room between them but not much, if either of them reached over they could easily touch the other. “You weren’t kidding about the party.” Tony remarked, seeing Peter walk back in with a bowl full of pretzels and Dum-E hot on his heels.
“And also amazing and terrific and outstanding.” Tony looked down at Steve with a grin. He bit his lip in an attempt to stifle it. “You don’t have to do that.”
Tony put the coffees down on the table and his hand reached for the burner tucked away in his jacket. He fisted it in his palm and glanced around. Maybe his mind was playing tricks on him. He considered calling the suit anyway. “Hello?”
Steve went straight to the communal floor and made a quick pit stop in the kitchen to grab coffee for Tony, which wasn’t exactly a time saver but a necessity. It was always the easiest way to win his forgiveness.
Tony scoffed. “Yeah, well, wouldn’t you know?” He tilted his head to the side, mocking. He took a simple step back. “Are we done?”
“Thanks, Happy.” Steve said with a grateful smile and Tony only smiled as they exited the car. The compound looked relatively dark as they walked up to it and Tony wondered how late they had stayed out.
“What is that?” Steve asked, still looking out of it. There was a haze in his eyes and wounds were littered across his body. But it seemed like he was quickly regaining strength. Tony didn’t know if it was the serum or stubbornness.
Tony looked up when he saw a shadow form in the doorway. Steve stood there, fingers clutching the door jamb, he didn’t ask what Tony was doing there. Tony didn’t offer an answer.
“Does it still count as a half-assed anniversary present?” Tony asked, reaching over the broken counter to get two pairs of skates. Once he got a hold of them, lifted them over the counter and handed a pair to Steve. “I didn’t exactly know you were coming.”
. And it ached, it hurt, it thrashed at his insides but he couldn’t deny it.
Tony approached Thanos and once he got his eyes on the purple alien, he was no longer scared. It drained from his body because he knew what he had to do to save every single person he cared for.
“Are you staying?” He asked her, not turning around. He stared at his feet as he waited for her reply.
__________
The first was getting to Steve.
“What needed to be done.” When Steve did finally move forward it was to shake Tony by the shoulders.
“Tony? Tony!” He felt a hand help him to sit up and he appreciated it, he did, he just didn’t appreciate the way it made his brain feel like a ping pong ball in his head. And that hand was too strong to be Natasha’s. “Are you alright?”
And it was a few minutes, probably closer to an hour, of absolute uncertainty and clumsy feet but after that Tony felt like he was beginning to get the hang of it. He felt more sure and suddenly the ice didn’t feel like his enemy. He still had that feeling like he was on the cusp of slipping up but he was more confident now that he could retain his balance. Tony tore away from Steve, still hanging onto his hand to make sure he wasn’t being overconfident but then he was skating by himself. It was still slow and hardly right form but it was working.
"Oh." Tony couldn't manage anything intelligible to say. He tried to avoid looking into Steve's eyes but it was growing increasingly difficult.
“You better not have out gifted me.” Tony told Steve, tearing open the packaging to reveal a folded piece of paper and a miniature disco ball. Tony blinked down at his present, a little unsure. “Is this-?” Tony unfolded the piece of paper to reveal a sketch of Tony and Dum-E in their disco outfits, halfway through a coordinated spin, underneath a disco ball that was stuffed somewhere in storage.
“Then avoid hot-button topics of conversation!” Tony suggested, rocking back on his heels. “Even if we talk, trust doesn’t just magically return Winghead. And even if I don't want to be, if we are ever on the field together again, I will be on your side.”
“You’re beautiful.” Steve told him with unshakable conviction, and Tony couldn’t remember the last time anyone had called him beautiful. He thought maybe the butterflies that had dried up in his stomach were beginning to come to life.
Truth be told Tony was still working on the Accords, mostly trying to better them for his teammates who had signed the thing. Secretly, he was trying to get rid of them altogether but that would take too much time. Really Tony was just waiting on a huge threat that would require all the Avengers to help, and then Ross would bite his words. And that was a terrible thing to wait on, and Tony knew it, but he was desperate.
Steve sighed and opened his drawer, putting away his art materials without putting a scratch on the surface of a new piece of paper. He knew sleep was distant, so he picked himself up off his bed and walked out of his bedroom. His first thought was to go to Tony’s floor.
Tony held up his finger, signaling for Steve to give him a second, before reaching over for his jacket and pulling out the burner Steve had gave him so long ago. He hit the call button and put it to his ear.
“What are you still doing here?” Tony asked tentatively, mildly curious but mainly confused. He frowned softly, trying to find a clue in Steve’s posture.
Steve shrugged helplessly, gaze shifting to the side before being drawn back to Tony. “I figured it’s a start. And I’m not Capt-”
“I’m dating Captain America, I think I’ll live.” Tony pressed closer to him and Steve could hear his heartbeat. “Now go to sleep.”
“I didn’t know he was coming.” Rhodey’s voice traveled through the stale air. Tony rolled his head to the side and watched his best friend. Rhodey didn’t know everything about Siberia, but he knew a little. He knew about Tony’s parents and he knew there was a fight of some sort, but that’s all Tony had told him. And here he was, with a caring face despite that.
Tony shook his head affectionately. “I’m sure. I can call you and complain whenever I want but it’s not every day we are in the same country, let alone the same exact place these days.”
“Of course, Captain America already swooping back in with his stupid team bonding. Seriously, that’s your plan? And things will magically be better?”
He didn’t even think to be mad at her for playing both sides in their petty war. Considering the fact that he had been wrong, he certainly had no right to be.
Steve accepted that, albeit somewhat reluctantly.
Steve took the pair of skates and sat down on one of the rattly benches. “I don’t need a present, being with you is enough.” Steve said with a shrug, his long hair getting in his eyes when he bent down to tie the laces on his skates.
"Would you like me to move?" Steve asked, and Tony's body urged him to move closer while his mind urged him away.
There were voices and they were an incessant buzzing in his ear like a house fly that wouldn’t go away. Underneath all that he could hear rhythmic pacing. He was content ignoring all of that, or at least he was until it began to drive him crazy.
“Tony, get your ass down here and get to making those omelets.” Rhodey was a welcome distraction.
He had only talked to Steve once since...everything, and it had gone about as well as he’d expected. Getting under each other’s skin and bending each other to the point of breaking was their specialty. It was more natural than putting on a pleasant smile and brushing things off. But Tony knew that was what they had to do.
“That’s not how this works.”
“Yes, technically, I do. But I’m not feeling well.” Peter coughed into his arm, unconvincingly keeping up his cover. Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the kids antics.
“What happened?” Tony asked, instinctively stepping forward to hold Vision’s legs as Rhodey took his front. Tony tried to take the bulk of the weight, even if Rhodey wasn’t uneasy on his feet anymore. They carried him into the living area and Natasha cleared the table before they set him down on top of it.
Days would flit by and Tony would sometimes lose track. He buried himself in Mark’s ranging in the hundreds. Sleep and hunger felt further away than Jupiter and Mars.
“Where have you been? And-” Rhodey paused once he lifted his head and took in Tony’s appearance. “What happened to you?” He asked suspiciously.
The party turned out to be a success, even if Tony was dead on his feet by the very end of it. Some of the team stuck around to go watch a movie, others went off to their rooms, and a couple of people called it a night and left the compound altogether. Tony had even called Happy to pick Peter up hours in advance.
“Uh, Tony?”
Things were a bit of a blur after that. He heard a rush of footsteps and Steve and Wanda’s voices yelling, he assumed Natasha had contacted them somehow. They were too slow to stop him and the gem was already in place. The light filtering through the windows of the compound lit up the jewel and-
"I think I like praise better when it comes from you." Steve closed his sketchbook and reached forward, one hand closing around his jacket. His other hand tucked his sketchbook away in the inner pocket which was frighteningly close to Tony's chest and drumming heart.
In the third week, Tony saved Steve’s life. The Black Order was a dangerous group, and they proved to be more powerful than most of their foes had ever been. One superhero was never out on their own and Tony had volunteered to go with Steve because the stubborn idiot thought he would be fine on his own.
“Tony, it’ll be fine.” Steve put a hand on his knee and Tony breathed deeply before tilting his head towards Steve and putting on a smile. Tony knew Steve could take care of himself he just didn’t want Steve getting into any trouble. There was a reason why they didn’t meet up more often.
“I bet you say that to all the gals.” Tony laughed, and he felt weight that was resting against his chest begin to lift. Steve’s free hand reached out and traced the ring that signified where the arc reactor used to rest nestled among his skin and bones. His hand traced the line that crossed through it with a small frown beginning to pull his lips down.
“Is everything alright?” Steve asks, worried. “Tony?”
Clint and Natasha were now walking a few steps ahead of them, holding hands and laughing at some story Clint seemed to be telling. Steve tried to subtly slow down his pace even more so he could really get a few minutes of Tony all to himself.
It starts with Clint and Natasha, who Steve is still not sure he’s ever seen separated since the Battle of New York.
It’s having to live with the fact that, once again, Steve never gets to have the things that he wants most and what he would want most in the world right now is the opportunity to have Tony. For himself, yes, but also for Pepper and Rhodey, for the Avengers, and for the entire planet in itself.
The process of making Steve a cup of coffee is almost as easy and automatic for Tony by now as making his own. Steve always smiles sweetly when Tony chooses an Iron Man mug for him so those are the ones Tony tends to favor. After that it’s even quicker and easier: half coffee, half milk and one spoonful of sugar. It’s over and done with in less than a minute.
“Tony brought me here for the first time,” Pepper comments as Steve sips on the best milkshake he’s ever tried in his life -strawberry, raspberry, white chocolate and honey-. “He loved going places  that are like this: small, family owned, kind of off the grid.”
“Steve, man! C’mon!”
Both liars.
Tony has stayed quiet about the situation for the most part. He’s not sure Natasha or Clint -but most importantly Natasha- would like any contribution he could make. He’s not sure he’s even entitled to make any sort of comment about it, given his past and his own track record, anyway. Sometimes he thinks he came away too unscathed for some of his sins. Other times, more often than not while discussing things with his psychologist in therapy, he thinks he’s probably paid more than enough for them.
It’s perhaps the only thing keeping both of them whole and Tony isn’t going to begrudge himself of the relative peace that sharing this with Steve brings him. He also won’t take it away from Steve.
“What’s wrong, Tony?” Steve asks.
He wakes up again and sees Pepper still next to him, phone in hand, typing frantically.
“Will you please just stay there for a while?” Pepper practically begs him, and he’s defenseless to deny her this one thing.
Sam was making such a rookie mistake, Steve thought. He was not paying attention to any of his surroundings and his sole focus was on Bucky. Steve had known that he’d be able to use Sam and Bucky’s weird rivalry to their advantage.
“It’s not in what you do but who you are. I’ve seen you fight to get better, fight with yourself, your emotions, your demons. That’s much more difficult than facing the bad guys. Believe me I know,” Tony points out.  “I’ve seen you make mistakes and apologize and try to make amends. I’ve seen you support people through their bad times and now I’m finally seeing you let other people support you through your own. I’m not giving you the shield back because I think you’re nothing without it, I’m giving it to you because even without it you’re everything and that’s why you deserve it.”
Bruce makes a pause and takes his time to look at all of them in the eye.
He had one, a team, and he lost it. He fought and he lost, both the team and the fight.
They walk towards Tony’s room, close but not quite touching, and Tony lays down in bed as Pepper starts changing into her night clothes.
noise and extended his hands as if presenting himself, “And now I’m here.”
If asked about his favorite moments with his boyfriend, his most precious memories of their time together, his answer would change depending on who asked.
“My little boy, you are so good.”
He takes a short shower, getting rid of the sweat and feel of sex, and gets dressed quickly, uncaring of whose clothes he takes this morning. Steve had genuinely been out of the loop about the clothes’ dilemma, but if the spark in his eyes when he found out proved anything, Steve doesn’t really care that much about the natural way in which Tony has taken claim of his clothes.
Pepper was right when she told him he would love meeting JARVIS -the idea that something as advanced as him existed blew Steve’s mind the first time he had a conversation with him- but he still gets startled by him at times. He’s still not in the mentality of asking him for things he needs to make more use of him, just like he hasn't yet gotten used to the incredible technology he could use if he so desired.
They take the elevator from their floor and Steve can see Tony taking a deep breath to his right. He also starts murmuring to himself, low enough that even Steve can’t pick up what he’s saying, but he can guess they’re some sort of words of self-encouragement.
“The Decimation was random,” Tony reminds him. “There was no science or order to it.”
“Shocking,” Steve deadpans.
He tells Pepper one day of how he reminds her of Peggy a little, how strong she was, how she challenged every limit the world wanted to set for her.
“You could come,” he says. “I mean you as in… Captain America, you.”
, he thinks.
He might not have thought of himself as one but the ceremony his death has brought reminds Steve of fallen soldiers, of their funerals and the ways they are remembered.
“You wish, Stark,” she refutes. “I’m just here so you don’t think I bailed on our rematch. It’s not honorable to do that.”
“Okay,” she accepts. “We won’t.”
It’s after the second minute has gone by and Tony has grown tired of counting seconds in his head that he makes the decision to leave even if that feels somehow like being the one to surrender.
Tony’s mouth widens in shock, his fingers falling away.
Bruce, Steve and Tony leave simultaneously, their pace less hurried but just as determined as Natasha’s.
He stands up, forcing Tony back a little bit so they don’t collision as Steve moves. In just a few seconds Steve’s face has transformed and there’s something familiar about his look but also something completely novel. This is Steve’s
_______________________________
Tony opens his eyes again and stares straight into the helmet, imagining those aren’t lifeless eyes staring back at him.
“Clint,” she warns.
For the past two weeks this has become sort of a routine for both Steve and Tony.
“Say whatever it is you want to say,” Tony prompts.
Tony has changed everything by coming back because he has helped Steve change. He’s been helping him even before he knew it but now that he’s truly with him Steve is more himself than he’s ever been since before the ice. He’s maybe more himself than he’s ever been.
“And now he’s gone. I’ve truly lost him,” Pepper laments. “He made the world so much better as Iron Man and he died saving so many people.”
It’s both the shortest week of his life and the longest time ever.
His hands shake for some of that old comfort but his steps don’t take him to any sort of alcohol, not that he even knows how much of it they keep around nowadays.
Steve turns his body slightly to the left so he’s facing Tony better instead of just laying next to him.
Between his worry and his nerves the thing that brings Tony into the fold is Steve’s voice sounding concerned and maybe even a little anxious.
“Good, great,” Tony says hastily. “So what was I saying, then? Oh yeah, I remember now. I was saying that you loving me? That’s not a problem at all. It won’t ever be a problem. I’m on my way to loving you too, that’s what I was saying, right?”
He no longer bends and shapes himself to take as little space as possible in 2012, he stands tall and proud, making his own mark into the world, creating new opinions and choosing favorites and even criticizing the things he hates, not out of bitterness or resentment but a desire to do better.
Steve’s sobs quieten slightly after Tony speaks and even though his features are blurry from so close Tony can tell Steve’s eyes are raking through his face, almost as if committing him to memory.
Tony’s text appears on Steve’s screen as Steve is still composing his second text. His eagerness -shown not only in the quickness of the response but on how his grammar is rapidly deteriorating-   is amusing but, most of all, it flares the heat already burning inside Steve. Steve will never stop feeling awed that Tony wants him as much as he wants Tony and every time it’s proven to him Steve feels a little more grateful for everything he went through because it brought him to Tony.
His legs feel so heavy and his arms refuse to cooperate when he wills them to move. He opens his eyes before the sun’s even out but it takes him hours to actually get up. It’s like he’s underwater and he can somehow breathe but he can’t swim to the surface of the ocean. He’s trapped. He’s trapped and no one is there to save him. He can’t even save himself.
Tony scoffs as he rolls his eyes and walks further into the kitchen. “I didn’t think you’d need confirmation on that.”
you guys receive this-, I want you to know that it was peaceful, just like falling asleep. There’s so much more I wish I could have done but the fight is over for me now. It’s all up to you, to whoever it is that’s still out there. Part of the journey is the end and this is mine. I’m okay with it. But don’t let it be yours.”
Natasha raises one of her eyebrows while drinking from her own cup and in the utter silence of her response Tony hears the answer loud and clear.
He positions himself with his legs to the side and his upper body turned towards Steve completely. Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s shoulders and he puts his head down on the right one, his nose touching the skin on Steve’s neck. Steve’s own arms wrap around Tony’s waist, bring his upper body even closer to Steve’s.
Bruce laughs gently and he pushes his glasses up with his right, index finger.
Tony agrees because Peter was an orphan and, had he survived, he would have been left without any family once more.
“I’m going to actually miss you, you know?” Tony derails the topic and he enjoys watching Nebula squirm and hesitate.
The battle, on the other hand, goes so perfectly Steve is almost in awe of it.
“It’s true!” she concedes as she continues laughing and makes Rhodey joins her too. “He totally would have!”
Steve.
_______________________________
Natasha makes her way into her room but the door never closes behind her and this makes Tony’s eyebrows raise. Bruce stops by Tony and Steve before he disappears himself.
Tony puts down his own fork and puts his hands up defensively. “I know you don’t really want to talk about it anymore. I know you want to handle it on your own. But hey, that doesn’t stop me from worrying, okay?”
He feels pain in the palm of his hands and it’s not until he looks down at them that he realizes it comes from his own nails sinking into his skin. He tries to open his fists but it’s like his hands aren’t responding to orders from his brain anymore and the pain doesn't relent, it just goes on and on and on.
words. But there’s so much he can say, so much that has been building up inside him for months and that it’s all for Steve.
He doesn’t waste anytime opening the door to his room and ushering Tony inside. It gives Tony no time to get nervous or insecure because before he can consciously realize it he is inside Steve’s room and taking a seat on the very edge of his bed.
“You didn’t see me with my full-on Nomad beard, did you?” Steve asks.
And then Tony remembers.
It all started with that footage with the kids but after that it’s like the dam’s been broken, like they were holding so much in too and now it’s spilling out of them steadily.
“That’s better, right?” Tony asks. “I mean, this way she doesn’t have to mourn him, she won’t feel this pain that….”
Something breaking and reshaping itself. (His heart, maybe. Perhaps his soul.)
When Steve notices Tony’s awake his lips curl up and he offers him a slow smile.
“Steve. Please call me Steve,” he requests.
But cooking with Steve also comes to mean adventure. It’s searching for the most ridiculous recipe to try and recreate it and then coming back with questionable results.  Cooking with Steve also comes to mean familiarity in the way they both learn to move around each other in the kitchen, like dancers who have been practicing the same moves for years. Cooking with Steve comes to mean passion, passing the time when a food is in the oven with fervent kisses and gropes, Tony sat on the island and Steve in between his spread thighs.
“You’re always good company, Tony.”
And moreover, he’s pretty sure hearing Tony’s voice would only make Steve miss him more and he knows it’s crucial that he doesn’t hijack SHIELD’s jet to take himself back to the Tower just to breathe in Tony’s scent.
No one speaks after her for a few seconds and Natasha’s eyes don’t move from the paper in her hands.
“Cut the crap, Cap.” Tony rolls his eyes. “We both know you have. And I get it, believe me, I do.”
Now, there is a blatant shift in the way the Avengers are covered and discussed in any kind of media. Or maybe there has just been a shift in the way media works in general as most things have changed in the last year.
Memorials and tributes start happening almost immediately and Steve remembers one of the few conversations he had with Stark one on one, the one in the helicarrier after Agent Coulson died.
Tony stops walking only when they reach his bedroom door, and Steve halts to a stop beside him, their hands hanging between them, still intertwined.
In the middle of it all, a figure stands still, unnatural immobile but so clearly human.
“Finally,” Steve repeats and dives back into Tony, his right hand cradling Tony’s jaw and his brain only aware of Tony, Tony’s lips, Tony, Tony’s hands and Tony.
Steve will miss Tony speaking Italian everywhere they go, his accent flawless, his words awakening such a strong desire in Steve’s body it felt almost paralyzing. He will miss Tony’s smiles coming more easily here than in New York’s streets, where it feels like there’s always someone watching them. He will miss their little apartment and Tony padding barefoot through it in the morning as Steve waits for him in the balcony, ready to hand him his first cup of coffee of the day.
If he wasn’t so taken back by Miss Potts’ request he would have maybe found a way to not make the question sound so abrupt or even violent but Miss Potts doesn't seem to mind. She shrugs delicately and, once again, shares a look with Rhodes.
Tony reaches over to grab his glass of water and take a long gulp from it. Steve mirrors him and then picks up his cloth napkin to dab at his mouth with it, his plate now empty for the second time during the evening.
It’s Steve who answers, “We don’t know. He just opened a portal and walked through.”
But as soon as they had moved inside, the rhythm of their kisses had slowed down. Their movements and their desire turned sweet and Steve’s touches had become lighter, more teasing.
Tony has rarely seen him in the couple of weeks since Natasha brought him back with them and he knows the same can be said for Steve and Bruce. Even Natasha is getting limited contact with him, only being able to get close to him when he leaves his room of his own volition, never being allowed in.
And it speaks about his situation and his relationship with Steve that that is nothing but the complete truth.
By now Tony has turned so his body faces Steve, more interested to see what Steve’s doing than reluctant to meet his gaze.
Because if there is one thing that Steve Rogers will always be grateful for, if there is one thing the twenty-first century has granted him that he kicks himself for not appreciating sooner is Tony Stark. Tony Stark and his way of living and fighting and loving.
It’s now coming to that time when, once again, they both can see themselves heading towards the inevitable and yet neither of them are saying it yet.
Tony’s been away for four days and this is the most perfect welcome home he could have ever asked for. He honestly didn’t think four days away would hit him as hard as they did but the situation proved him wrong quickly.
Steve grabbed a hold Tony’s hand and shook it. More than anything in that moment Steve wished they both hadn’t been wearing gloves so he could feel Tony’s skin and warmth.
“Knock, knock,” Natasha’s soft voice says. “May I come in?”
“Yeah, since Pepper brought them here from California,” Steve confirms. “They’re great kids.”
“I know,” Tony says as he tucks a strand of Steve’s hair behind his air. It immediately breaks free again. “I know, Steve.”
“I don’t know if I’ll ever want to lead a group but I think it would be useful as a leader to learn more about these things,” Steve told Tony over dinner once.
Rhodey walks into the room and a smile brightens up his face.
“Well, she seemed nice,” Rhodey comments.
Tony would be sending it.
“Captain Rogers, breathe deeply.”
“Damn you and your super soldier metabolism, Rogers,” Tony says, ripping one of the spoons out of Steve’s hand with more force than necessary. Steve just takes it good-naturedly and laughs.
, Steve thinks and his stomach drops.
I hope you all enjoy chapter 2.
Steve stands and walks towards Tony.
Steve answers silently by grabbing his empty plate and thrusting it forward towards Tony who laughs at him as he shakes his head affectionately.
Time moves quicker than Tony consciously realizes and even though it feels like nothing in his life ever changes at all, it slowly becomes obvious to him that everything is always constantly changing.
His body’s state hasn't allowed him to do so sooner. In the months since his return to Earth Tony has gotten steadily better and stronger, so much healthier than during the time he was aboard the
Everything stops for a minute.
Tony reaches across the island and moves a lock of Steve’s hair away from his forehead, preventing it from getting into Steve’s right eye. Two of his fingertips graze Steve’s skin, clammy and hot from sleep, and Tony feels a short but intense tingle go down his fingers and the palm of his hand.
“Please, just Pepper,” she asks.
These thoughts and feelings come and go, they stay for minutes or hours or days, they make Tony roll his eyes or they make his stomach clench and his chest go tight. These are things he believes wholeheartedly and things he doesn’t trust even a little bit. They exist, they’re part of him, and Tony is constantly faced with choices they influence.
“Why? Because you’re still not over what happened in Leipzig?” Natasha asks, incredulously. “We’ve all been working through that, Clint, and you would know that if you had been here. It’s been years and we’re not perfectly fine with it but it’s not something we use to hurt each other anymore so you don’t get to do it either.”
Everyone was looking between him and Tony and they were not trying to be subtle about it. Clint had put his arm around Natasha’s shoulder and one of hers was wrapped around his waist. Bucky was smiling knowingly at Steve while Sam seemed to be studying Tony closely.
Even though the sun hasn’t even come out yet the air is warm already, characteristic of a New York summer night, but a little colder than it would be in the City, where the buildings and sidewalks and cars and people boil everything over until you feel like the only thing you know is the heat of its streets.
“You can stay and eat with me if you want,” Tony offers. “I ordered enough even for the company of a super-soldier.”
The gasp Steve lets out at the sight is so low that Tony sees it more than hears it. It’s all in Steve’s body language: it’s in the way his shoulders tense and come up from where they had been slumped, in the way his fists tighten around Tony’s sheets, in the way his mouth falls open in surprise but he rapidly closes it as he swallows harshly.
“Oh, that makes sense,” Steve concedes. “Should have known it’d be something like that.”
“But it hasn't worked out well for us, has it?” Steve asks as he gulps down the last of his coffee.
His question goes unanswered for many seconds and this only makes the situation more bizarre. JARVIS’ responses and interventions are always immediate and Steve has never known him to fail at that or show problems in his functioning.
There’s still a part of him that resents Steve for the way he handled things and the choices he made but that part is irrevocably entangled with the part of him that resents his own choices and decisions.
“No,” Steve tries to deny. “I haven’t. Why would you—“
Carol is back onboard before Nebula is fully out of her seat and between the two of them they pull Tony up and help him stand. He’d feel embarrassed about how much he has to rely on them to take one single step if he still cared about trivial things like pride in his situation.
He’s tired from the aforementioned insomnia, he’s tired from all the fruitless work he has been doing with Bruce, he’s tired because it’s not even 6 in the morning, he’s tired because he can feel Pepper and him pulling apart once again no matter how much they both try to ignore it, he’s tired because although it’s been a month he still feels his body’s resistance after his endeavor in space, he’s tired of not having seen Rhodey in more than a week and he’s especially tired of fighting.
It’s not the first time he’s done this, but perhaps it’s because of that that he’s so anxious now.
It surprises Tony when he realizes he’s drifted in and out of consciousness a couple of times. He doesn’t fully fall asleep but he loses time and his train of thought enough that he’s not aware of when Steve wakes up.
“I’m sorry I made avoiding me so much more difficult, Tony,” Steve says and then clicks his jaw together once again.
“Dum-E was the first,” Tony explains. “And that’s D-U-M-slash-E. I’ve seen you write it as D-U-M-M-Y in some sketches you drew of him and left here in the workshop.”
, is what Steve thinks. A simple thought and yet such a complex feeling.
Steve tries to think what he would have told Stark if he were here but the pain is surprisingly too raw when he wonders about it for too long.
“I’m not bad at it! There’s no strategy to it! It’s just luck!”
“Of course,” Steve replies. “I would always be on your team.”
Well into the evening of the day Thor had left the Compound they had ran out of things to comfortably talk about, TV programs to flip through or newspaper articles to read and discuss.
His voice doesn’t sound convinced and he doesn't sound convincing either. He’s most likely just trying to support Tony, thinking he’s still holding on to the idea of Pepper and their future.
In all of his avoidance of the issue, the overthinking, all the confusion and the self-doubt Steve has definitely made a lot of mistakes, all of them unwillingly and without malice.
“Come with me,” Steve pleads, making Tony look back at him. “Please. I don't know if I’ll be able to help her alone.”
Tony had relocated some of the people that had worked there back to other Stark Industries bases and only half of the usual buoyancy that had characterized the place in its greater days still moved the rhythm of the days there.
Steve and Bruce have taken to work in different ways where cooking is now concerned: sometimes they both work together mostly silently, only giving each other directions and asking for things; other times they divide the work and one of them cooks lunch while the other gets tasked with the evening meal. Few times they decide preparing food is not worth the effort and the four of them convene in the kitchen to choose the delivery food for that occasion.
“No, no. You’re going to bed and there is no way you’re distracting me.”
“Where do you want to start?” Tony asks.
“Well, now you won’t be able to.”
Natasha walks towards him and stops to stand right behind him. She rests her hands on his shoulders and leans forward to kiss him on his left cheek.
“God, I missed you too,” Tony replies, and then he reattaches his lips to Steve’s after taking a deep breath.
“Hey, boy” Tony greets his bot while he pets him on his claw. “Careful there.”
“Easy?” Tony snaps.
It’s waking up next to Steve, getting to see him vulnerable and unaware of what the day will bring.
“Wait, a rematch?,” Rhodey asks. “What were you two doing in space? Challenging each other to golf tournaments, or what?”
The appeal of going out and parading around town when on a date was lost for Tony well into the early 2000s. Even when he was dating Pepper Tony saw the times when they went out as somewhat of a necessary evil. There was nothing that could compete with staying home and just being, the two of them and no one else.
They’d visited the Louvre, Tony had hired them a tourist guide to walk them through Versailles, they’d walked hand in hand through Paris’ cobbled streets, they’d asked a group of giggling young women who very clearly recognized them to take their picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
And then, everything had vanished as Tony had opened his eyes and caught the first glimpse of sunlight that morning.
“Hmmm,” Steve seems to think about it carefully as he strokes the cheek that doesn’t still have Tony’s hand on it.
Oh man, I was so amazed.”
As soon as he’s made a 180º turn Steve stars lowering Tony to the floor and when Tony’s bare feet touch the ground again he giggles.
During his whole speech Steve hasn’t stopped to breathe once and Tony can clearly see he is getting more and more riled up. It’s only because he knows what the beginnings of an anxiety attack look like that he walks over to Steve, without touching him just in case that is not appreciated or it triggers him, and tries to help him along.
He moves his eyes away from the slow roaming of Steve’s body they had been doing and focuses his gaze on his feet instead. He’s only wearing socks and for a second that feels oddly intimate considering that he’s sitting on Steve’s bed.
And if Tony thinks about it, it probably hadn’t been the best movie pick for times like they were facing.
Tony’s been feeling restless and unsettled the days previous to her scheduled arrival and it didn’t really help that Bruce left only two days ago to Norway to visit Thor.
“And today with Natasha…” Steve trails off.
“I had a bad dream, after you left. About Peter,” Tony continues confiding. “It… Rerouted my brain completely. I didn’t leave the bed all day and I couldn't stop thinking but I honestly couldn’t tell you what I was thinking about. I was there but I wasn’t.”
“Hence my bad day,” Steve echoes in reply.
Steve has lost count of the number of movies and shows Tony has made him watch with him, some good, some bad, some life-changing. Star Wars and Tony’s enthusiasm over Princess Leia. The Lord of the Rings and Steve’s wide-eyed astonishment at its everything. The Powerpuff Girls and their unapologetic love for them despite the team’s constant teasing about it.
Steve moves so his lips are now pressed against Tony’s ear. “But right now all I can think about is fucking you.”
“You can come down here whenever you want, too,” Tony says. “If you want me to go you only have to say so.”
It’s easy in a way few things have been lately and Steve feels warmth growing in his chest as the night goes by.
“Hey,” Tony greets, pressing a close-mouthed kiss to Steve’s neck.
Bucky smirked and together they walked out of Steve’s apartment to join Natasha and Sam.
Tony sits up in bed for the first time in the whole day, resting his back against the headboard and bunching up the comforter and sheets in his lap just so he has something to do with his hands.
Tony is a spitfire and he challenges Steve to become quicker and more flexible with his thinking. No one can think as fast as Tony Stark does but Steve feels constantly motivated to try to keep up and it has made him a better fighter.
During the course of the night, Steve’s t-shirt is forgotten in its place on the floor and neither of them care much about it
Confusion is still visible in Steve’s eyes, but the man blinks and his frown dissolves when he looks down at Tony’s clothes.
Rhodey laughs this time and looks Steve in the eye as he continues talking.
As soon as they step foot in the residence building Natasha materializes in front of them, almost out of thin air, her breathing irregular and loud signaling she must have run to meet them when she saw Tony’s car entering the long driveway through the perimeter cameras.
“I don’t wish I was dead, if that’s what you’re worried about. I’m not going to… I’m not thinking of killing myself or anything like that, okay?” he promises. “But I can’t say I don’t feel certain guilt about being alive when others aren’t. I’m going to do everything in my power to use this opportunity  I’ve been given but maybe… If I had the chance… I’d give up my life to bring some of them back.”
Steve deflects and he turns his face to look at Tony again, his features so soft it pains Tony how close sometimes he can get to losing this tentative lifeline he’s built for himself.
Tony’s voice sounds gruff and broken when he greets Steve.
“What happened?” Steve asks. He knows Natasha too and this is his way of proving he also won't treat her delicately if that is not what she desires or needs.
“Good night, boys,” she says, and disappears from their view only a few seconds later.
“Of course. Yes. Sure.” Tony nods as he steps aside, as if clearing the path for Steve even though he has more than enough room to get closer to the bed.
“So you
Miraculously, his mind seems to clear a little bit after a few minutes and he’s reminded of Steve’s side of pleasure in this whole ordeal. He’s about to say something to Steve when he gazes down and sees that Steve is ahead of him. He’s jerking himself off rapidly, the head of his dick glistering when it peaks through Steve’s hand.
It’s incredible how at ease he feels now only because of the sound of Tony’s voice. Maybe Tony was right after all -like almost always- and there’s something to be said about trying phone sex in the future.
_______________________________
“Sir is in the living room, Captain Rogers. The rest of the Avengers are in their respective rooms,” JARVIS answers.
The sun hasn’t even risen yet and the Compound is mostly still asleep, or if there is any activity it’s still being confined to everyone’s private quarters.
Finding out about Clint’s family had still smart, though. Not really because it felt like a betrayal or because he had been hurt Clint hadn’t trust him enough with his secret, more because of the fact that Tony hadn’t been able to find out for himself. It had gone completely over his head and Tony didn’t like the feeling of vulnerability that had left him with.
Tony studies these little bits and pieces of life as Steve does as well and it’s impossible to deny that Steve has made a home for himself down here too.
He spars with them in a gym enhanced by motion-detection technology. He cooks for them in a kitchen that has a device that can heat any kind of food in such a short amount of time (because yes, he will never stop being in awe of microwaves no matter what other technological wonders he encounters). He regularly spends night after night with them watching movies he never would have dreamed of watching before.
It only took Steve about 5 minutes to come up with a plan and explain it to Bucky. It was simple and to the point, almost effortless.
After a few shared meals Tony starts to notice Thor’s change of demeanor. At first he was silent, very still, unobtrusive even. It was unsettling to see and experience. Thor, whose entire existence has always seemed to consist on being seen and heard and followed. But after a while it feels as if he starts going a little manic. The drinking doesn’t stop but instead of making him morose it turns him hyper, too eager.
_______________________________
It just doesn’t make sense. He has enough clothes to change outfits twice a day and still not repeat them for six months. He has jeans and sweatpants and yoga pants and khakis (Tony shudders just thinking about wearing those again and anyway, those
Steve brings his right hand up so he has his phone to eye-level as he caresses his abdomen lightly with the tips of his left hand fingertips. Before he can unlock his screen his phone vibrates again, and then once more only a couple of seconds later. Steve doesn’t even look as his fingers tap in his numerical password, muscle memory guiding them to write in Tony’s birthday. The text conversation they’re having appears promptly on screen and Steve has to blink a couple of times to focus his eyes and read Tony’s new messages.
Now, in bed, Tony’s heart flutters as Steve’s fingertips trace his Adam’s apple, more the whisper of a touch than a real caress. It feels electric having Steve close after so long and Steve’s tongue twisting inside Tony’s mouth makes every feeling and emotion more prominent and volatile.
There’s an impulse that’s growing inside him that is becoming very difficult to ignore. Steve feels compelled to run his thumb along the back of Tony’s hand, to caress the skin and draw patterns on it. He’s never done it before but something tells him Tony wouldn’t mind, that he would be happy, that it would make him smile. Steve only ever wants to do things that will make Tony smile.
“I don’t want you to say anything,” Rhodey answers. “I was just asking.”
He turns without any preparation or fanfare and both his shirt and pants stretch to the extreme as his body grows. Tony wonders how many clothes Bruce now has that are Hulk-proof but his musings grow quiet as soon as he hears Thor’s boisterous laugh. It transforms his whole demeanor and it goes on for what seems like eons.
Carol comes to tell him she has to leave Earth to go do recon on other planets. She tells him she will keep in touch and to make sure they call her if they feel like they need her help.
“Just so you know,” Natasha’s eyes shine with mischief. “I think it is very sweet that you’re dying to wear Steve’s letterman jacket.”
Steve feels tired and weary and his first instinct is to turn down the invitation. Pepper is always nice to him but they’re not really friends either, and he hasn’t seen Colonel Rhodes since Tony’s funeral happened. The idea of spending an evening with them having to make polite small talk feels daunting and he doesn’t think he would be able to handle it even on a normal day.
His eyes take a while to adjust to the light and he has to blink heavily against the harsh brightness of the room. Without moving his head Tony’s eyes scan around the room and he immediately recognizes that he's in one of the recovery rooms of the Avengers Compound.
But this text… Steve isn’t sure what he should do about this text.
And that’s how they stay, the three of them, for minutes or hours or days, depends on what kind of measuring system you use.
Steve’s back is only covered by a white shirt now, the black jacket he was wearing before discarded haphazardly on the chair next to him. His shoulders rise and fall in time with his loud breaths and he has surprisingly not noticed Tony’s presence yet. That proves how far gone into his head Steve must be because it’s normally extremely difficult to get past his reflexes.
Tony is facing the room and he must be seeing every one of their friends there, including Pepper, Rhodey, Peter and Happy, but Steve is not looking in the same direction Tony is. Steve only has eyes for Tony. He only has eyes for him and his amazed face, mouth opened in surprise, his cheeks a little rosy-colored from the exhilaration of it all.
Rogers leaves all his clothes laying around. It makes total sense.”
But he can’t.
“I’ve never done it before,” Steve warns, slithering down the mattress, his feet hanging from the end of the bed and his face now right above Tony’s lap. “But your ass is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen and I need to feel it properly.”
Steve took another sip of his hot chocolate and enjoyed the rich taste of the drink. The mug was pleasantly warm in his hands, emitting a strong and sweet aroma. Steve drank and drank until the mug was empty. He was making his way to the kitchen to fill his mug again when his apartment door opened and Bucky walked in.
Before any more memories can rush in and flood his mind Tony rips his eyes away from Steve’s figure and instead looks at all the other people congregated in the room.
_______________________________
That had been over two weeks ago and since then Steve and Tony have been able to watch 10 movies together, scheduled during the free times they’ve both found.
“I have,” she replies.
It isn’t perfect and it never will be. But contrary to what Tony believed when he was a child that loved to imagine what his life would have been like if he hadn't been born a Stark, no family is perfect. He’s learning, slowly and with some difficulties, that he wouldn’t give up his imperfectness for anyone else’s, though.
But now, living with Natasha, Steve and Bruce at the Compound means participating in a lot more shared meals than he ever expected and it means being treated to a lot more home-cooked meals than he has had in decades.
Undeserving.
“Well, good,” Tony says, nodding his head and very obviously trying to make sense of all the conversation they’ve just had. “I’m glad, Cap.”
Twice he’s lost now and twice he’s been left behind, alone.
Tony still looks shocked and Steve feels his world shattering at the idea of Tony pulling away from him now that's Steve’s got him so close.
“That we do,” Tony agrees as he stands up from the couch.
with them
Their hands join between their bodies and they playfully swing them back and forth as they continue walking.
Steve brings up a hand towards his own chest, pointing with his index finger to his chest as if baffled by Tony’s suggestion. Before Tony can laugh or maybe even coo at the ridiculous adorableness of the gesture, Steve seems to notice his slip, he coughs and brings his arm back down.
_______________________________
This was the last thing from another life, from another time between them. It hadn't been keeping them from starting anew and building something stronger but it does feel like a rebirth for Tony that, in his birthday, he can look back on his life and realize there isn’t one thing he could change that he hasn’t worked hard on improving.
Steve applies more pressure after a few seconds, his lips finally completely in contact with Tony’s.  He opens his mouth enough to taste Tony’s lips and he thinks he maybe should be feeling a little more grossed out seeing as how they only finished eating a few minutes ago and he can taste almost perfectly what was the last slice of pizza Tony had.
The absolutely gut-wrenching despair that grips his insides when he watches Bruce and Natasha jump hand-in-hand from the tallest floor of the old Avengers Tower confirms that these people are now
_______________________________
From his place laying down on the sofa, his phone between his hands as he swipes through his entire gallery of pictures, Steve feels grateful and happy, so happy.
“Me?”
“Steve…” Tony’s voice comes out more as a sigh than an actual sound.
The hug lasts for longer that Tony knows is normal, not that his friendship with Rhodey has ever fallen into the normal category. Ten seconds, then twenty, then thirty. Neither of them let go.
Tony throws his hands up and shakes his head, “I honestly have no idea, it was actually Natasha who clued me in, I hadn’t noticed it either. I just seem to do it a lot.”
An image pops into Tony’s head and although it was Natasha who said the sentence and it is Bruce and her that Tony should be thinking about, it isn’t.
There was a period of time, during those months that all the original Avengers took residence at the Tower, where dreams where Tony watched them all die or hurt became the norm. However, a lot of those dreams weren’t really a testament of the team’s close relationship or their devotion to each other, they were more proof of the side-effects and damages that living the live they lead created on Tony. It was more of a general fear and panic and sense of responsibility that had Tony imagining the deaths of his friends, even if he cared for them back then already.
His eyes are still closed but through the grogginess that still clings to his mind he makes an effort to move his arms. His whole body feels overheated and the minute Tony manages to get his arms free of the covers it feels like instant relief. The cool air feels nice on his hands and some of it makes its way through his sleeves, and down his torso.
“Okay. No, I’m not,” Natasha confesses and Tony preens a little bit inside. He knows her and he knows if there is one thing she hates is being treated as if she is made of porcelain.
During those three days he keeps checking and monitoring Tony while Natasha flints in and out of the room, sometimes staying long hours and sometimes just popping in for a minute to get a reassuring look at Tony and then leave.
“It reminds me a little bit of the places I used to go to in the 40s,” Steve says. “I’ve tried to go to some of the places that advertise how classic or vintage they are but they all wrong.”
“I figured,” Steve says. “And I’m still a little scared too. We can work on that too. On our fears. We’ll work on everything together, Tony, the good and the bad.”
When their mouths separate this time they both use the moment to catch their breaths. Their faces aren’t that far apart so it’s difficult to focus on Tony properly but that doesn’t stop Steve from smiling at him. Something in him begins to sing when Tony grins back.
“I just…” Tony starts saying and then stops, not knowing how to voice everything it is he wants to say.
The video is still playing when Steve says, “He seems… great.”
Every day things get more and more confusing in Tony’s head. And every day procrastination works less as an effective avoidance tool -if it ever truly was- and more as an anxiety trigger.
When he walks out of the closet and into the bedroom already dressed, Tony finds Steve in the process of waking up.
Before they leave the workshop Steve makes sure to stop by the bots and bid them a goodnight. The bots all line up and get the closest thing that can resemble a hug for them from Steve.
Steve stays silent and this gives Tony the opportunity to go back through his own words and analyze them better.
It makes going forward with the conversation a lot easier, knowing that Steve understands the fundamentals of it: that Tony isn’t trying to excuse any bad behavior or action by saying he wasn’t feeling fine, but that Tony is trying to provide context as to why he did and said the things he did and said.
Tony nods. “Okay, we can talk.”
“Yes,” Tony answers. “Come in.”
Tony turns his head to the right to look between Steve and Natasha and he’s not surprised to find their faces looking determined.
“You recommended them to me before I moved to D.C, before the whole…. Hydra thing,” Steve had remembered. “I kept meaning to watch them but… It felt wrong that you were the one to tell me about them and I wouldn’t be watching them with you.”
No one could be more shocked than him to find that, now that the time has actually come, he actually feels grateful and happy he’s made it.
Steve’s voice startles Tony when it finally says something but in less than a millisecond Tony focuses all of his attention on it. He knows the significance of these words, he knows what Steve says can change a lot of things in their future.
Tony shakes his head.
Steve lets out a tired scoff. “Yeah, I guess.”
Natasha takes a step back and dislodges Tony’s hand from her arm. Tony doesn’t think anything of it and he definitely doesn’t take offense, knowing Natasha is prone to needing her space and that when she feels uncomfortable she needs to feel in total control of her body and herself.
“But you didn’t talk to me,” Steve responds before Tony can even finish his second sentence. “You ran instead of talking to me.”
Steve exhales loudly at Tony’s words, like a huge weight has been lifted off of his shoulders.
Tony pulls his fingers away from Steve’s mouth and brings them over to his own, sucking on them as well. Steve’s lustful gaze focused on him is addictive and Tony already knows he’ll die to keep it on him forever and ever and ever.
Tony has never been that particular about the clothes he wears.
He hopes it can be as useful for Steve as he keeps caressing Steve’s silky hair.
His voice sounds confused but from his position Tony can’t really see Steve because he’s still laying down curled up on himself, his back to the door. With his eyes closed Tony listens to the sounds of Steve coming in and moving around the room. He tries to concentrate on identifying the sounds and he’s able to discern some of them: here’s Steve taking his shoes off, here’s Steve taking off his jacket, here’s Steve making his way towards the bed.
But Tony’s excited to take him to a little Thai place Steve had heard of from Pepper but that he’s actually never gotten the change to go to.
Tony still feels like he doesn’t really understand the situation so he asks, “What?”
Being Captain America and becoming a leader hasn’t made Steve any less human -effects of the serum not counted- and that’s the side of things he hates. In fact, leading missions and having people depend on him and being the one giving the orders has only made Steve more sensitive to all kinds of emotions. Victories taste sweeter and defeats are more bitter. Anger and violence and rage are all enhanced. Pain is also more potent.
“I can’t ask the people at group to share their experiences and not do the same. I don’t feel comfortable with that. I don’t think it’s fair.” This is another thing Tony knows, Steve’s method when running his sessions all about reciprocity and trust. “So I talked about Bucky.”
Steve nods again but this time his expression has softened.
“Night, boys,” she calls out to them.
But Thor was one of the six original Avengers and that means that, where he’s concerned, Steve and Tony still feel like the co-leaders of the team he was part of, they feel like they’re still in a way in charge of him, while Bruce and Natasha are able to see themselves more as his teammates of the same rank.
Tony knows everything isn’t solved, he knows it isn’t as easy as wishing a problem away. But he’s learned to take his victories where he can get them.
It’s JARVIS who, a few days after the first time he helps Steve through his panic, introduces him to the bots.
Tony is still thinking about Natasha’s words when he enters the bedroom.
He smiles and says he’s fine. He turns back the conversation on Tony. He abruptly gets up and almost slaps his forehead in feigned realization at having forgotten this or that thing he should be doing.
He hates having to be the one to make the call. But he has to make it.
There had been a time when Tony would have constantly stressed out about it, about each day that got them closer to important dates, to relevant relationship achievements. Nowadays, time doesn't hold the same meaning it once did.
Tony misses Steve and the easiness of finding time to spend together, but life is life is life. And if it makes him cling a little bit tighter every time he’s able to hug Steve, Tony just hopes Steve isn’t put out by it.
“I found the picture on FRIDAY’s server. I hope you don’t think I was snooping or anything like that,” Steve explains. “I just think it deserved to be displayed. You both look happy.”
During any normal day Steve receives at least ten different text messages from Tony and they live together, so it’s not like they don’t see each other a lot during their day to day routines. But it always seems like even an hour apart drives Tony mad with the need to communicate with Steve.
“The Avengers are still here for you and we haven’t given up.” Steve’s voice suddenly seems booming, like a drum that makes Tony’s chest vibrate painfully. “We’ll keep working to protect you and while we’re not by any means perfect we try our best every time. I promise you, not only as Captain America but as Steve Rogers as well, that we’re doing everything in our power to fix what’s been broken, to bring back what’s been lost.”
“Okay, okay.” Tony surrenders. “I look good in your clothes! I do! Just stop it!”
It’s so obvious to Steve that Pepper has lost herself in the imaginings of her mind, as her face has taken that wishful expression that Steve’s come to associate with her reminiscing about Tony. The elevator’s doors opening startle her and she shakes herself a little as Steve and Rhodey start walking out of it, still guiding her as she hasn't let go of their arms yet.
Clint’s got his eyes closed and his head is resting on the back of the sofa, but although his position suggests he might be asleep or uninterested in what’s going on around him, everyone’s surprised and skeptical faces confirms Tony didn’t imagine him talking.
The table is still between them and Miss Potts extends her hand across it so Steve can take it and shake it.
And before Tony can respond, JARVIS closes the doors of the elevator, taking Natasha and her sneakiness away.
Steve.
Tony bunches up the sleeves and pushes them up his forearms before he realizes he’ll have to wear the coat too and pushes them down again.
“I thought you’d already be in bed,” Tony says.
With arms shaking but a completely resolute face, Steve takes the shield from Tony and brings it close to his chest. He doesn’t hold it in the way he would do for battle or for real use, he holds it like someone might clutch a loved one after years apart. Like someone who’s gotten a part of themselves back.
“Tony?”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony concedes. “Come in.”
It’s not true and Tony absolutely knows that but something in him still feels afraid about it, something in him is still postponing the moment of truth.
The man Steve has gotten to know in the past months, the man who Steve has learnt to be kind, reckless, goofy, so intelligent it almost hurts, stubborn, insecure and so complex it would take thousand of years to explain him completely, is alive.
“I’m not okay,” Tony admits, shrugging a little bit.
Natasha scoffs ruthfully. “A few weeks ago I would have said I just wished we could really try to be together. Now all I wish is that the possibility had never been there.”
Tony scoffs and he opens his arms widely.
“Sure, Tony,” Steve ends up accepting finally and it feels like a weight has been lifted off of Tony’s chest and shoulders.
“I missed you.” The words are murmured into Tony’s hair, as if Steve was embarrassed to be saying them. “I know I’ve been going to your shop constantly and haven’t stopped annoying you but I just really missed you. It’s been weird sleeping on my own these past two nights.”
“Tony,” Rhodey repeats but Tony moves away from him a little, takes a step towards Steve.
Tony frowns at Steve’s indication from his place to Steve’s left.
The drawing in question is not, in fact, that great. To be honest, Steve isn’t even sure what it’s supposed to represent. Dummy himself? An elephant? The arrangement of gray matter in a pretty unhealthy brain? Anything could go for the shapeless doodles Steve’s looking at in the piece of paper Dummy has just handed him.
“Of me?” Steve asks, his voice nothing more than a murmur.
“Are you-“ he starts and clears his throat when his voice comes out raspy. “Are you feeling any better?”
Barnes.
It has been a very long time since Tony’s stood this close to the Hulk, years actually, definitely since before Bruce disappeared after Ultron. But even during those missions where the Avengers worked so closely with him Tony had never seen the Hulk as still as he is now. The posture reminds him so much more of Bruce, really, and everything makes sense when the Hulk turns around but the smile and the gaze that greets Tony is so much more human than ever before.
“We helped her,” Tony says, putting all of his conviction of the fact into his words. “I know it seems like we did nothing but we were there for her. We helped her.”
His ride is waiting outside the building for him when Steve finally leaves the Tower and when he gets into the car Steve can still spot Tony through the glass looking at him.
“You think?” Steve asks.
Tony’s voice is quiet, nothing more than a soft whisper, like he doesn’t want to disturb Rome and its   silence, Rome and its perplexing familiarity.
He’s still breathing heavily through his mouth but his lungs still burn from the need of oxygen.
“I need to take something from there.”
“I don’t pretend to know what it’s been like, okay? What you lost… I can’t…” Natasha chokes on her words and she brings her hands to her face rub her palms over her skin. “But you pushed me away, you didn’t let me help. You went off and you decided you knew what was best. That’s not how the world works and if you think it is maybe that’s why you still have so many problems with Tony regarding the Accords.”
He closes his eyes, deliberately this time, and he doesn’t have to wait long for sleep to claim him once again.
Steve sighs in relief, like his concern for what Tony’s reaction would be to the revelation had been pressing down on his chest for weeks and he’s now finally able to breathe properly.
Tony’s eyes fill with tears.
Rocket -and that’s the raccoon’s name because no, it wasn’t his brain playing tricks on him- comes into the room and up until the moment he leaves Tony is sure it was pretty much an accident because all he does is walk around opening cabinets and drawers and rummaging through them. Tony thinks he sees him slip a couple of things into his pockets but he’s too confused, and still also too tired, to question it.
All these questions have ran through Tony’s mind at least once in the past few weeks and they’re all piling up, crashing into each other at the moment.
The four of them spend the next four hours there.
Tony was never one to love routines, both because he’s never been good at keeping them and also because he always used to find them too restrictive. His creativeness couldn't be confined by time limits and he always felt like his brain worked best at its own rhythm.
Nebula’s expression sets into a deeper frown obviously brought on by her not understanding the reference but it clears away as she starts moving towards Tony’s bed.
He picks it up and finds Steve right where he had left him.
If someone had tried to tell Tony that this would be the kind of easy and fitting conversation he’d be able to have one day with Steve Rogers Tony would have either laughed in their faces or completely blanked at the idea. Not even during his best times with both the Avengers and Steve had Tony been able to bring down his walls and open himself up to this kind of effortless companionship with any of them. Not even Bruce, who for a while Tony had considered his second closest friend.
It doesn’t make much sense and it’s a poor explanation of what he’s feeling but it’s been a very long time since Steve’s had to use many words for Tony to understand him.
“I really just don’t know how,” Steve repeats, putting emphasis on the last word of the sentence. “I know I should, I sometimes even want to but… There’s so many things I would have done differently, so many things I would have changed where Bucky’s concerned…”
Rhodey continues their conversation when he says, “I did want to punch Turner’s teeth when he implied you were just Tony’s substitute, though. What an asshole.”
Minutes pass, and sip by sip Tony starts to feel a little more human again, reenergized and more clear-headed. Still, it says a lot about his general level of awareness when he opens his eyes again after a particularly long gulp of his third coffee and he finds Natasha sitting right in front of him.
He immediately stops guiding Steve’s hips but he doesn't move his hands from his ass. He starts massaging Steve’s cheeks through his sweatpants and Steve’s cheeks get redder as he bites his lips and half-closes his eyes.
An expression of openness, perhaps. Of her finally allowing Steve to see her true self.
Going to sleep on the same bed that Steve does and waking up in the same bed that Steve does is one of Tony’s favorite things about his days, presently. And it all seems so easy to give up for Steve in this moment.
perfectly fine.
He hadn’t realized he had closed his eyes and when he opens them the Iron Man helmet is staring back at him from its position in front of the opposite wall. It takes him maybe an entire minute to will his limbs to move enough to place himself closer to it, his hands now at grabbing distance.
As December 18th breezes past Tony realizes he hadn’t even been aware that the anniversary of his parents’ death had already happened two days before. This wouldn’t have surprised Tony two or three years ago; as he had started growing older and 1991 started getting further and further left behind Tony had felt its effects less and less every year.
“You know you can open it, right?” Steve teases. “That’s what a gift is for.”
“I thought we were all supposed to be here,” Clint says as he looks around.
Now, though, the feelings he gets after waking up gasping and sweating from a dream that includes Steve taking his hand and slowly fading away in a cloud of dust with a smile on his face show more of the unequivocal need Tony has for these people in his life.
“Let her in, FRIDAY,” Tony commands.
From his position, Steve could see Natasha trying to contain her own laughter, her eyes trained on Sam who was still gaping at the hit, prompting even more loud laughter from Bucky.
Steve takes a deep breath before continuing.
Since living together at the Compound, Tony has started seeing Steve more unkempt that he ever had before, even during the time the Avengers had all lived together at the Tower.
There’s a certain relaxing quality to sharing these times with Steve, Bruce and Natasha.
But then he thinks of going back to his quarters and taking a shower before getting into his big bed to spend most of the night staring up into the ceiling. He thinks of closing his eyes to try and fall asleep only to see the faces of everyone’s he’s lost. He thinks of waking up disoriented after only a few hours of sleep, not sure what year it is, not sure where he’s at.
Steve’s hand comes up to grip Tony’s face, his palm cupping Tony’s jaw forcefully and tenderly at the same time, as his thumb wipes away some of the tears running down Tony’s cheek. It’s useless because more just keep replacing them but Tony thinks it’s a nice feeling nonetheless, Steve’s slightly calloused thumb caressing his cheek.
It’s like standing in the middle of a meadow with the bright sun shining overhead and suddenly being plowed into darkness, thrown in the middle of the sea during a raging storm. It’s knowing how to swim but being unable to, the waves crashing too hard and pulling and pulling and pulling everything to the bottom of the ocean.
“Yeah,” Tony deadpans as he squints his eyes jokingly and shakes his head airily.
“You two need to talk.”
because she is Natasha).
“What if…?” Steve encourages him to continue.
The silence comes back to him and fills every empty space in his soul.
Although the conversation ends there it keeps haunting Steve. It keeps haunting him in a way he doesn’t quite understand.
he still thinks.
“I sure am,” Tony replies.
The week passes, though, and Tony keeps insisting and insisting. This is what the team wants and so it’s what he wants too, he says.
It’s domestic and it’s relaxed and it’s their life. Nothing truly screams
Tony hasn’t been able to come up with a definite answer even though he has searched for it pretty hard. He tried not wearing any of Steve’s clothes for a couple days, looking for any possible changes in his mood but nothing felt unusual to him. He tried to find out if it maybe was something sexual but fucking with Steve’s shirt on wasn’t any sexier than fucking completely naked, it was actually more uncomfortable and sweaty.
It could be seen as weird or backwards that Tony is the one thanking Steve for something he has given him but it’s obvious that Steve understands Tony’s words.
“Steve…” Tony whispers.
The conversation comes from their discussion of an offhand comment made by one of the company’s investors while they were still at the launch. The comment had been callous and it had made the three of them flinch -something along the lines of Pepper and Rhodey quickly replacing Tony with Steve in their Three Musketeers dynamic- but it had served to start a reminiscing through some of their best moments together.
Steve never stopped twitching and letting out this mellow whines that brought an indescribable pain to Tony’s chest, he kept breathing heavily through his dreams.
Tony scoffs. “Yeah, but I wasn’t very good company.”
“Tony?” Natasha says, and her voice makes it sound like it isn't the first time she’s calling out to him.
“Really?” Pepper asks, her eyebrows lifting in surprise.
_______________________________
He’s not so sure he believes that part.
Tony is deep in concentration while reading an article from the New York Bulletin from a journalist called Karen Page about the closing of various establishments in the Hell’s Kitchen area when two soft taps are applied to the recovery room’s door.
Rhodey nods as they turn towards the door together and start walking to leave the room. Natasha looks over her shoulder at Steve and Tony before her and Rhodey cross the threshold of the door.
“This is what I mean,” Steve states. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
_______________________________
“Yeah, should have thought about that,” Bruce apologizes. “But I— I guess first I wanted to know if it really was something worth celebrating.”
“If I asked you to move to Malibu with me, even if I know how unfair that would be, would you do it?”
Tony can smell her before he can even hear her, her distinctive floral smell, rich and fresh. Tony knows the smell by heart, since she first started working for him, because yes, Pepper Potts is the kind of person who’s been using the same perfume for decades now, something about it a personal trademark.
Tony’s knees fail him once more and he’s about to hit the floor harshly again when Steve grabs him by the armpits and picks him up, bringing him to his feet. Tony’s back is now to Steve’s chest. Steve’s hands move to Tony’s hips and they help him find his balance.
Tony laughed softly and Steve noticed his eyes crinkled when he smiled. “It’s fine, really. It’s a classic meet-cute story, don’t you think?”
With that explanation he turns around and starts heading towards the kitchen most likely in search of the menu for their favorite Thai restaurant, even though it’s an useless act because they always end up ordering the same six dishes.
Tony thinks that, despite everything he wishes was different, it’s good that they’re all starting to remember that.
“So,” Tony says as he claps his hands. “What are you doing here?”
The week passes and Tony keeps believing the party will happen and he’s still all smiles and excited cheers, and then eyes so dull and all sighs once he’s back in their bedroom.
Steve nods and, without any other word, starts walking backwards to the bathroom. He points at Tony with the index finger of his right hand and then over his shoulder at the bathroom door with his thumb. Tony nods back at him before Steve closes the bathroom door abruptly while still facing in Tony’s direction.
The last thing Tony sees before he wakes up is Peter’s face, finally. Peter stops in his tracks, turning around and looking at Tony over his shoulder. His face is full of dust, grey and clunky.
“I know, baby,” Steve confirms. “But why aren’t you saying anything to anyone? Natasha would drop the plans in a second.”
Tony hasn’t heard or read any of Steve’s speech before this moment, and a quick glance out of the corner of his eye to Natasha tells him she hasn't either. Her face looks smooth and calm but Tony can read her tension in the small curve of her lips and her fidgeting fingers.
Bruce doesn’t appear to be suffering or hurting, he doesn’t even seem to be aware of any changes happening at all.
Outside is where Bruce finds him one day by the end of the third week of June.
Steve was absolutely right about the meaning of the first text then. The angel and the heart-eyed face: Steve, an angel that Tony is very much in love with.
He’s now responsible for all of those. They all are, all the Avengers.
Steve looked at Tony’s hand and then raised his eyes to Tony’s brown eyes again. “Seems that way."
And then Tony understands: this is not a rejection, it’s a statement. It isn’t Steve telling him this is not something he wants, it’s Steve making sure they make it happen at the best possible moment.
Steve moves from his position laid-down and starts to incorporate himself, ending up seated in the middle of the couch.
The more complicated answer is that maybe Tony wishes he could wish he wasn’t alive. He wishes he felt like he had a right to that.
“Oh,” Pepper murmurs and then a laugh bubbles over on her throat and escapes even through the fingers that still cover her mouth. “Yes, yes, I remember.”
They all go by in a haze of movement and errands and plans being made and situations to solve and press conferences. There are a hundred legal issues to solve because there isn’t any kind of precedent to be set for this and Pepper needs all the help she can get with it. SHIELD also gets involved and Tony has to spend hours visiting their base for interviews and such.
“I think I need to go back to therapy.”
There are always still people to help, debriefs to be had, sometimes even decisions to be explained to people who are higher in the chain than he is.
Her face shows an expression Steve has only ever seen her wear around Clint before, one that feels a lot more
Tony’s thumb bumps into Steve’s lips once while moving back and forth and Tony stops the movements to let it rest there for a few seconds.
Steve simply looks at him and Tony bites his bottom lip, shaking his head a little. It’s incredible to see, actually, how even though Steve is the angriest Tony has seen him in months, he seems to have all this unlimited patience for him.
Maybe he shouldn’t find it surprising -not with how things have developed in the last couple of months in his life- but one day Steve wakes up and he realizes how easy sleep has started coming to him compared to how it used to be only a short while ago.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks Tony.
“I’m just happy to help in any way I can,” she says.
Steve not knowing about it has kept Tony up at night, has got him thinking in a million different directions at once because he’s not entirely sure how he should feel about it: does it mean Steve doesn’t pay that much attention to him? Or that he finds it so normal that Tony would wear his clothes that he hasn’t even picked it up as something new or unexpected? Should Tony be glad that he can avoid awkward conversations about it?
Tony turns his head to look at Rhodey and finds him already watching him. Their gazes lock and Rhodey lifts his left eyebrow, a question clearly written in his features but also a go ahead for Tony to lead the situation.
