“My brother and his partner went there to investigate a small matter for me,” Mycroft said. “They have disappeared. A small group of so-called activists are respnsible, who apparently want to be taken seriously. Nothing that would interest you.”
“I did tell you it was hard to explain,” John pointed out. He turned back to the Doctor. “Can I ask you a question? What is the heart of the ancestors and why did those people think I knew?”
“We’ll be where he can get help in a few minutes,” said the man. “Hello Doctor Watson, I’m the Doctor. I’m a friend of Mycroft’s.”
“Stop that, Thomas,” said Martin mildly. “I am trying to talk to Sherlock.” He smiled. “Now, Sherlock, it would appear that your brother loves his state secrets more than he does you.”
Lestrade took a deep breath and followed him. He sat down heavily in the chair Mycroft indicated. “You got any news? Because I’ve got nothing.”
He had arrived already, and he was lurking furtively at a table near the back. Donovan rolled her eyes, sitting at a table in the better lit area near the front and beckoning him forward. He shuffled over, mumbling a complaint about not wanting to be seen near a copper. Donovan wondered why on earth he had asked her to meet him at a pub in that case, but she didn’t say it. No point in antagonising the man, just in case he did know something relevant.
Sherlock shuffled back to his bed and climbed in with difficulty. The entire excursion had left him in considerable pain, but he didn’t mind. John was back, and he would be okay, and they would both recover. He even didn’t mind too much when the nurse came back in with a doctor who insisted on checking the stitches on his back and feet. He let them, while he went to his mind palace to review the situation. He wanted to know what happened to John, and he was worried about the missing alien. The creature had to be found, for John to be safe.  He needed to talk to Mycroft.
“I did,” said Mycroft. “And it does not match what we know of Andrew Martin. I was going to have it analysed to see if it had been synthesized to hide it, but what is the point of going to all of that trouble and then giving your name?”
“Jesus!” swore Greg as he cut the ropes binding Sherlock’s wrists to the pipe. “Sherlock? Hey, can you hear me?”
His brother and his partner were missing, and he had not known until Mrs Hudson called Inspector Lestrade that morning saying that they had not come home, and Lestrade had called him. He knew Sherlock had been planning to investigate the store the previous evening, and CCTV footage found them entering the alley to the back entrance, and a van pulling out less than thirty minutes later. Both Sherlock and John’s phones were showing no signal.
The Doctor scoffed. “Of course I can find him! And then,” he patted his pocket where he’d stowed the stone, “I’ll do a trade.” He headed for the door. “You keep looking for Sherlock. Leave John to me.”
Sherlock smirked. “Well you can blame Mycroft for this one.” He wrinkled his nose in distaste. “He’s taking revenge on us for Sheffield.”
The blur, which had coalesced into a lanky male with stringy brown hair, a big chin, and wearing a mismatched outfit including a bow tie, was racing around the circular device flicking switches. The most appalling noise started, and the column in the middle of the device began moving up and down. “On our way.”
Sherlock groaned as the medics gently lowed him onto a gurney and started checking him over. “It killed John!” he whispered. Oh god, thought Greg in horror. So much for Mycroft’s intel. Sherlock’s  naked body looked like one big bruise with liberal amounts of blood and dirt mixed in, and he was almost relieved when the medics covered him up. “Can’t you give him something for pain?” he asked anxiously, eyeing the detective’s trembling body.
John whirled around to retort, then suddenly collapsed. Sherlock barely had time to react before he followed suit.
The door opened again, and Mycroft entered, followed by a man wearing a bow tie. “Finally!” complained Sherlock. He tapped the folder next to him. “It’s a watch.”
Mycroft let out a breath. He makes me feel like a goldfish, he thought suddenly. It was not a feeling he relished.
He would die in here, he knew. There was no hope of escape or rescue. If Sherlock was dead, and there was an afterlife, then maybe they would be together again. It was a nice dream.
Sherlock looked down his nose, which he somehow managed to do while returning to the stolen wheelchair. “The inspector has his uses, and I would rather he is not any more emotionally compromised than necessary.” He wheeled the chair towards where they left the TARDIS.
Gregory doesn’t need to see this, Mycroft thought, as he sent the file for analysis. He poured another whiskey, and tossed it back. He then went into the small washroom attached to his office, splashed some water on his face, and examined his expression in the mirror. When he was satisfied with his appearance, the Iceman left his office.
“I thought Christmas was a locked room triple homicide,” commented Greg, eliciting a small smile from Mycroft. “Seriously, is he safe with this guy?”
“No, no, I promise …” There was a crack as the finger broke, and Sherlock screamed, cradling his hand. “Let me try again,” he begged, his voice shaking.
“No,” Mycroft admitted. “This is an escalation for him, and a massive escalation for the others in the group he took over.”
“Kidnapping, human trafficking, torture, extortion, espionage, murder, and assault,” said Mycroft. “And you are not a citizen of any country. You don’t exist, and therefore, no laws protect you.”
Mycroft pushed him back down gently. “Listen to me. We have strong intelligence the alien sold John to a group wanting information on a classified project he was involved in while in Afghanistan. We are tracking him down, and we will get him back.” Sherlock scanned his face intently, and Mycroft added, “I wouldn’t lie to you about this.” Sherlock bit his lip, and Mycroft stood up. “Do you need more pain relief?”
She disappeared, as the Doctor threw himself into a chair, and put his feet up on the desk. Mycroft by a massive effort did not wince, and decided to get straight to the point, as he was facing an expert in evasion who would happily verbally fence with him for hours if given half the opportunity. “Alien invasion immanent?” he asked.
Greg swore again. Mycroft, however, calmly went to a drawer and located two torches, one of which he gave to Greg. “Are you armed?” Greg nodded. “Go to John. Use the stairs. Lock the door, and don’t let anyone in except Anthea or myself.”
Martin grinned at him. “It’s not like the movies, Thomas. These things take time. We have to be patient.”
“I don’t care about any of that,” snarled the alien. “What’s the future to me? Now is all there is.”
“I’m not telling you that,” said the Doctor. “That technology won’t be available on this planet for another two centuries.”
Rory had never been more bored in his life. As he was currently wandering the corridors of the TARDIS, this was saying something. About a day previously, the Doctor had arrived on the doorstep, was not remotely bothered by the fact that Amy was away visiting friends, and dragged Rory out of the door, announcing that they were going to save a man’s life and there wasn’t a moment to lose. He then parked the TARDIS in orbit and said he was scanning. Rory had phoned Amy, had a meal, slept, showered, another meal, read a book, phoned Amy again, and was about to climb the walls. “Rory!” bellowed the Doctor from the control room. Action finally, thought Rory, hurrying in that direction.
John looked around as he followed Sherlock down a dank alley. He took a deep breath. “Mm, eau de cat piss. I don’t know, Sherlock, you take me to the nicest places."
He rose as an ambulance pulled up, followed by a fire engine. As they went to leave, Rory looked back to see the firemen and paramedics gathering around the car, no doubt to discuss the best way to extract the injured woman. A police car pulled up soon afterward, and the two officers were soon directing traffic and instructing the remaining rubberneckers to move on.
The thudding suddenly stopped, and there was silence. A moment later there were footsteps, and a knock at the door. “This is Anthea.”
Anthea entered the room. “The van has been found abandoned on Hampstead Heath. Camera from nearby streets have identified a potential nine vehicles that they might have used. We are tracing all of them.”
“You can’t guard the whole world, Mycroft,” said Greg. He took a swig of brandy. “She didn’t deserve that.”
He ended up slumped against a wall, coughing and thinking about Sherlock. He wondered if they’d killed him. He didn’t want to think about that. He also didn’t want to think about how upset Sherlock would be without him. He tried not to think at all but that didn’t seem to work. Everything had a nightmarish quality, and it seemed that he was never really entirely awake. He might be feverish, he considered. This amused him. How could one possibly tell that, in this heat?
“It’s actually a perception filter of sorts,” said the Doctor. “The Yrani does not alter his appearance at all. The filter acts on the minds of those around him, compelling them to accept the appearance it is projecting.”
Greg could hear Mr Sykes on the phone as they made their way up the stairs. “Package recovered, Primary target in the wind, one secondary target eliminated, one apprehended. En route in five.”
“No doubt it will have changed its identity by now,” Mycroft said. “It will make it difficult to find. I have people looking.”
The Doctor stared at him, and then seemed to remember he had not actually explained what was going on. “A Moldovan ship. On board is Doctor John Watson, being held by the crew because they think he has something they want. He doesn’t. However, I have found what they want and we are going to do a swap.” He tapped at some keys. “I’m sending them a request to come on board. They’ll be mulling it over.”
“Well I’ll just be glad when I can climb out of the rabbit hole and go back to catching murderers,” said Greg.
The man opened the door, and Martin entered, observing his prisoner who was lying on the floor, still tied, and apparently unconscious. “Hmm,” said Martin, prodding him with his foot. He waved his hand at the guard, who withdrew. “Holmes?” called Martin. “Can you hear me?” Sherlock gave a soft moan. Martin leaned closer. “Holmes?”
I didn’t see you around, she wrote, and I heard on the grapevine you’d been seconded off to something hush-hush, so I thought I’d give you a ring and see how the cloak and dagger is going. She hit send.
Once in the lift Mr Sykes asked Greg if he was trained in firearms, and then said he would issue him with a weapon. He explained that they had authorization to use lethal force if required, that the primary objective was to locate the younger Mr Holmes, and the secondary objective to capture or eliminate Andrew Martin. Greg agreed without comment. He was not inclined to feel for the criminals after what he had seen on the recordings, and he had a feeling there had been more since what he had seen that Mycroft had not shown him. He was also aware that this situation fell very much outside his division and in the realms of terrorism and espionage. As far as he was concerned, these people had tortured one of his friends and possibly killed another. He would happily shoot them himself, given half the opportunity.
The Doctor sat at a table that was on the first floor of a café, overlooking a busy road below. He sipped a cup of tea patiently. Rory and Amy sat nearby, Rory tucking into a piece of cake and Amy drinking a coke. “When are you going to tell us why we’re here?” asked Amy.
Treschlkt folded its arms, but when one of Mycroft’s men stepped forward, it hastily laid them out on the table, palms up. The Doctor peered at the tattoos marking them. “Interrogator, but … you never finished your training. Why was that?”
“Go back to sleep, John,” said Sherlock, trying to sound matter-of-fact and not at all like he wanted to hold onto John and never let him go.
“This is a message for Mycroft Holmes. We have a number of requests, which you will find at the end of this video. If you do not comply within six hours, your brother will suffer for it. As an indication that we mean business, please observe.” One of the two men put on knuckle dusters, the other picked up a belt, and they got to work.
John nodded in agreement. He looked distressed. “I didn’t know what had happened to you. I didn’t think I was ever going to see you again, Sherlock. I didn’t care I was going to die, just that you would never know.”
Sherlock was still gasping when he heard the creature saying, “Now, Thomas, there’ll be plenty of time for that later.” Sherlock looked up, to see the creature examining him with its head tilted to one side, as if mildly puzzled. “I am Andrew Martin,” it said.
Mycroft regarded him. “That was my initial conclusion. However, there is a … consultant assisting me in this, who believes John is still alive. He is very reliable. At this point I would have to say there is insufficient information.”
Sherlock nodded, managing only barely to maintain an unemotional facade. "Detective Inspector Sally Donovan.”
The Doctor watched Sherlock carefully examine the two pieces he held. “So put it back together,” said Sherlock.  Moments later he was holding a single piece of cloth. He examined it again. “Hm. Molecular bonding. How is it done? I think you’ll find I do have the chemistry.”
The alien had been living on Earth for a little over three years, since he had inexplicably found himself there for no reason he could ascertain. At the time of his unexpected departure from his planet he had been carrying a bag containing the various tools of his trade, and luckily he still had this. Otherwise he was not sure he would have survived, and not been killed by the fearful natives. As it was he was able to quickly blend in, and eventually, after some time getting used to the place and the various languages, he began to work again at what he did best. He soon established himself with a solid reputation for resolving problems and supplying goods to those who could pay, both locally and off-planet. He lived very well on the proceeds, but it was only fair, he thought. If he had to be stuck on this backward planet why shouldn’t he live large?
Rory had disappeared from John’s side, and now reappeared with a bottle of water, which he was unscrewing. He held it to John’s mouth. “Just sip it,” he warned.
Mycroft drained the glass. “Maybe later.” He stood up and went around to his desk. “Let’s get back to work.”
Now you’re just being obvious, thought Sherlock. And you’d been rather clever up until now. “I’m not sure,” he whispered. “I’m so tired …”
“Usual rates and conditions, as you know, so don’t waste my time. Have you got something for me or not?”
After walking through a few alleyways, they stopped at what was obviously a back door to a shop of some sort. Sherlock took out his lock picks, and John kept an eye out. Within half a minute they were inside, and standing in a small store room. The shop, a grocers, was owned by one of the members and the group were known to meet there. Sherlock believed they would find information on the office computer that would give them some idea of group funding and activity. So that was where he headed. John was in the process of following him when he noticed one of the crates piled up in the storage room that seemed an odd shape. He looked around. He could not see a single cardboard box, as would be expected, just crates. John had an uneasy feeling, and looked about for some way to open the crate.
When Sherlock woke, the lights were dimmed and there was little noise from outside the room. A recliner chair was nearby, and Lestrade was sprawled out in this, fast asleep. It took Sherlock a moment to notice Mycroft standing at the end of the bed. Drugs and pain making his brain slow, he thought. “Time is it?” he mumbled.
“Dear Kate understands lives are at stake, which are more important than petty interdepartmental quarrels, don’t you think?” said the Doctor sarcastically.
Mycroft shook his head. “No reason for you to be. Her connection to Sherlock and John is second hand, and old. The information about her was probably acquired from Doctor Watson’s blog.” He stood up. “We need to …” The lights went out.
Infrared showed two warm bodies only in the house. One of the men in the van Greg was in stated that the house had a cellar, and they would not be able to see if anyone was in there. Mr Sikes said Sherlock (whom he was now referring to as ‘the package’, making Greg feel as if he had just strayed into a James Bond film), was likely being held there.
“Unlikely,” said Mycroft, “but if the Doctor gets them into trouble he should be able to get them out of it.” He paused. “John may worry, though. Can you tell him?”
Sherlock was dragged into the room and deposited on a stool, unable to stop trembling with cold and pain. Damned transport had stopped listening to him some time ago. His hands were tied behind him, his captors having given up on handcuffs promptly after he broke his thumb and slipped them, following this up by stabbing Martin the neck with a rusty nail (the only sharp object he could find.) Everything else was hurting so much he barely noticed the pain from the break. Martin sat on a chair facing him on the other side of a table, with a bandage on his throat. He hadn’t been strong enough to do much damage this time, though he derived some satisfaction from the fact that the creature had said a little more than ‘ow’ this time. He wondered if such creatures could get tetanus and die that way. Damned transport not cooperating, he thought again. And now I’m repeating myself. Marvellous.
Sherlock grimaced. “Amateurs with connections, apparently. And money.” And where is the money coming from? Does Andrew Martin have a backer? Who? “There might be some interest in this case after all,” he announced.
Mycroft didn’t say anything, just continued to watch the doctors and nurses treat Sherlock. His face was a mask, but Greg thought he looked tired. It had been three days since Sherlock and John first disappeared. Greg wondered if Mycroft had slept.
“Oh, well … you know, this and that,” said Sherlock evasively. “Annoying people, you know how I am.”
After ten minutes later, the camera froze on the scene, and Martin’s voice was heard. “Don’t you care about your brother’s life, Mr Holmes? I hope you reconsider soon. I’m not sure how much longer he can last.”
John looked away. “It’s a bit hard to explain.” He was starting to gasp, and put the oxygen mask back on. Sherlock frowned, but didn’t say anything, and began to pick at his own meal.
“No,” said Sherlock, looking down at his broken finger. “That was the only injury the alien did to me itself.”
The nurses had explained that John was dehydrated and had a nasty infection in his lungs, he was exhausted and was sleeping, but he would be alright. Sherlock, listening to the rattle of his breathing and seeing the pallor of his face, was not so sure about this.  He picked up John’s hand, which was lying on the coverlet, and held it. He just wanted John to open his eyes, say something, and then he could properly accept that he was alive. He was painfully aware that this did not make sense. You make me abysmally sentimental, John, he thought.
“It’s not,” said Sherlock, pleased to know something the Doctor didn’t. “This is a safe house. Used for business. No one pays attention in this neighbourhood.”
The Doctor looked around sheepishly. “Oops?” he offered, and waved at the soldiers who were running up in response to the alarms.
The Doctor stared at the screen, and sighed again. “Where is that now?” He pointed at one of the items, a stone sphere.
He saw them when he was first brought on board, and knew it had something to do with the crashed ship in Afghanistan. What, he couldn’t imagine. They gave him no food, but water was occasionally pushed through a slot in the door. The water appeared to be drugged, as it was always after this that the voice came through a speaker, asking the same question each time. “Where is the heart of the ancestors?” Each time he informed the voice that he had no idea what it was talking about. Then he would lie on the floor and wait for the dizziness and nausea to stop. He had no choice but to drink the water, however. He would already be dead from dehydration without it. As it was he could tell by the swelling in hands and feet that what they were giving him was nowhere near enough.
The Yrani currently known as Andrew Martin sat at his computer with his bank details open on the screen. The group he’d delivered the short human to had arranged payment promptly, and he was enjoying the increase in his bank balance. He was also contemplating the potential future earnings wrapped up in the tall human. The information he himself could provide plus the information his brother could be coerced into providing was immensely valuable. Once this had been exhausted, the human himself could be sold to one of his many enemies, providing yet another source of income. All in all, the taking of the two humans had been something of a windfall, and Martin was feeling very pleased with himself. Of course, the interrogation and extraction of the information would take a while, and he could see the human was going to be very stubborn, but he was very experienced in this sort of thing and was quite confident of eventual success. The only thing that had confused him was that the tall human seemed to see him as he really was instead of as Andrew Martin. He didn’t think the primitive humans were capable of seeing through the field he was generating. Oh well, it was irrelevant. The stupid humans who followed Andrew Martin were completely convinced of his identity, and blissfully unaware that their fearless leader was dead and buried where he would not be found in a hurry.
was a match for the brilliant detective, physically and intellectually, and clearly Sherlock's Omega agreed.
John pulled his fingers out and maneuvered Sherlock over onto his back. Earlier he had removed Sherlock's trousers completely, though he had insisted Sherlock keep his shirt on as a barrier against the cold air of the morgue. John had also spread Sherlock's coat beneath him atop the cold steel table before positioning Sherlock atop it. John lifted Sherlock's left leg high, settling his knee over John's right shoulder. He pushed Sherlock's right knee out before wrapping that leg around his waist.
The errant thought flitted through his mind, but he quickly dismissed it. Not possible. His suppressants were military grade. He never missed a dose. Besides, bloating had never been one of his pre-heat symptoms.
John started towards Sherlock’s bedroom, only to be stopped by the man himself jumping up and standing between John and the room.
Suddenly, the noise in the room increased, as the two men approached climax. The younger man was practically wailing, and the suspect had placed his hand over the other man’s mouth to muffle his cries. The sounds of the desk creaking beneath the two men, the suspects grunts, the muffled exclamations from the man being fucked-all picked up pace and filled John’s ears until suddenly the suspect groaned and the man beneath him gave a muffled shout.
“How about every damn Alpha you ever come in contact with? And at least half the Betas and even some of the Omegas! Dimmock practically leaves puddles of slick wherever he stands when you’re nearby. Hell, I’m pretty sure Moriarty was only half faking the whole gay thing! And that Woman clearly wanted to be the Alpha that got to claim the great Sherlock Holmes!”
John made a noise in his throat, and then Sherlock felt the hand on his face slide to the back of his head, drawing him forward inexorably. And then John was kissing him.
Sherlock had enough clarity of mind to realize their lives had just changed forever. He was now a bonded Omega. They couldn’t just change the sheets and pretend this never happened. He couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face. He was John’s Omega. But more importantly, John was
John stopped staring and moved towards the bed when a muffled sob sounded from the pillow. He approached the head of the bed, sitting carefully and reaching over to run a hand up Sherlock's back before peeking under the pillow.
entered a sexual relationship. He didn’t know whether to be glad or worried. After all, it doubtless wouldn’t be long before he did something wrong and ruined everything.
John buried his face against Sherlock's neck, mouthing at his scent gland, releasing a mouth watering burst of hormones. His knot swelled, locking him in place inside the Omega. At the same time, he took Sherlock's cock in hand and stroked hard and fast.
He rolled towards John, hooking his leg over John's waist, pressing his face to John's neck. His hips began rutting his cock against John through their pajamas. Sherlock's own pajamas were wet with slick, which was seeping from his entrance.
John was sitting on the coffee table, leaning over Sherlock's curled figure on the couch. His hand hovered over Sherlock, close enough that he could feel the heat radiating from his palm. He couldn't decide what he wanted more-for John's hand to settle on his back, or for John to just go away and leave him alone. After a few long moments, John's hand fell away. Sherlock suppressed a huff of frustration as disappointment surged through his body. This was intolerable.
Sherlock groaned as he sat back. It had been nearly a week since he had decided to go back on suppressants, but it appeared his body disagreed with his decision. Every time he tried to take a pill, he became violently ill and emptied the contents of his stomach. Worse, now the nausea was present most mornings, and occasionally took hold at seemingly random moments: when he sat up too quickly, when an unpleasant smell wafted through the air, once when John had kissed him with coffee breath. John had started stocking bottles of water and crackers next to the bed, along with a large bowl, in case he didn’t make it to the bathroom in time. He’d also taken care to always change and bathe when he got home, brushing his teeth before coming near the Omega. This was awful. Sherlock wondered if being newly bonded somehow made him susceptible to germs. It would make sense for a newly bonded couple to need to stay away from others if bonding somehow compromised the immune system. Perhaps John had gone back to work too early, and now Sherlock was suffering the consequences. He vowed to give John an earful when he got home. He would demand that John stop going to work, and stay home and take care of him. But first, he needed a nap. Sherlock curled up on the floor mat in the bathroom, eyes drifting shut as he allowed the coolness of the bathroom to soothe his overheated body.
Sherlock froze. Oh God. He hadn't meant for John to find out. He squeezed his eyes shut, bracing for the inevitable rejection.
He leaned forward, needing to kiss John. He reached his target, slipping his tongue into John's mouth as he continued to ride him, thighs spreading as he pressed his body down against John's.
John's hand tightened around Sherlock's, and Sherlock looked up to find a grinning dumbfounded look on his mate’s face. He realized he was grinning as well, though a healthy dose of shock kept him silent.
“Indeed. The texts The Woman sent to your phone were intercepted by our team. We fed her misinformation, which she in turn fed to Moriarty. In the end, our net closed around both of them.”
Sherlock wound his arms around John's neck, leaning back, seeking the right angle. He was whimpering in time to John's thrusts, head tilted back, eyes closed.
But as the days passed and Sherlock had made no mention of his upcoming heat, John had begun to realize that perhaps Sherlock's Omega side was simply directing this behavior at the nearest convenient (
It was nothing like Sherlock had imagined their first kiss to be. He’d always imagined them falling together in the heat of the moment, pressed against a wall at the end of a case, or John kissing him passionately after a close encounter with a criminal. When he had allowed himself to consider it, he'd never imagined their first kiss to be this soft.
Omega. And if by some bizarre chance he did, it certainly wouldn’t be Sherlock. Sherlock’s stomach clenched at the thought of John realizing what was happening with Sherlock. He would, of course, be kind and careful, but there was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind that John would reject him if he clued him in and asked him to help him through his heat. Which meant he would just need to make sure John wasn’t aware of just how desperately Sherlock wanted to mate with him.
John hadn’t meant to share the last sentiment, but he stood his ground, certain he could still pretend it was only concern for Sherlock’s safety that drove his actions.
Maybe John would let him choreograph their wedding dance to this song. And Sherlock was certain there would be a wedding now. John loved him. That was all he needed to know to feel certain their future would be absolutely amazing.
It had been weeks since his heat, and he was still dealing with the after effects of the hormonal roller coaster. In the days after his heat, he’d been ridiculously clingy and needy, wanting John nearby at all times. John had reassured him that this was normal Omega behavior after bonding; it was the reason bond leave existed. A newly bonded couple needed to stay close and stay home, to allow their bond time to strengthen before exposing themselves to the outside world. They had taken advantage of the time off work to move John into Sherlock’s room and reaffirm the bond (mostly by having lots of sex, all over the flat).
Sherlock cried out, back arching as he clutched John's hair, holding him in place against his chest. He felt each suckling pull on his nipple echoed deep within, a throbbing pleasure that left him whimpering and wet.
“I needed Sherlock distracted and protected. The Woman was working with Moriarty and would have ultimately given that snake enough information to ensnare my brother further in his despicable games. I knew I could rely on you to take care of him once my brother was off suppressants.”
“Yes. Options. My brother is not without people who care for his well being. I will not see him placed in an untenable situation because of my mistake.”
John scrambled to sit up, needing to comfort his Omega. He gathered Sherlock's unresisting body against his chest, hand carding through his curls as he shushed the Omega, holding him close but not too tight.
“No!” Sherlock tightened his hold on John, burying his suddenly crimson face in John’s neck to hide it. Though they’d been having sex for weeks, John always initiated and Sherlock always followed his lead. He didn’t want to be too demanding, to rock the boat or show John just how ignorant he was in this area. But he desperately wanted this. “I want-can we just-?”and he lifted a leg, wrapping it around John’s waist, the shift bringing their hardened cocks into alignment.
John took the stairs at Baker Street two at a time. He stopped short at finding Sherlock seated at the table, looking through the microscope lens.
He whimpered as John picked up the pace, using his knees to spread Sherlock’s legs wider, allowing him to thrust deeper and harder. They wouldn’t last long at this rate, but Sherlock didn’t care. That only meant he would be claimed all the sooner. His head tilted to the side, inviting John to scent, claim, mark.
He barely waited long enough for John to sit up before dropping to all fours, looking over his shoulder as he bent his arms and lowered his head, shaking his arse in John’s direction. He smirked as John’s eyes widened then darkened, a rumbling growl emanating from his chest as he lunged for Sherlock.
Sherlock's shocked voice echoed in the bathroom, sounding out over the sound of the shower. John had insisted he take a hot shower this morning, claiming it would help ease the aching soreness in his body. It was one more thing in a long line of unexpected behaviors from John he had never expected from an Alpha during heat.
Sherlock arched up so far he nearly pulled free of John’s grip. A wordless shout escaped his lips as he began spurting long, thick ropes of come across his chest. As he fell back against John’s chest, John continued to pump him with one hand while his other gripped Sherlock’s hip, grounding him against John.
“Open your legs baby.” Sherlock’s legs fell open and John slid his hands down to his thighs and spread them further. Sherlock gasped a hot breath against John’s neck as John eased the plug out. “Shhh….it's alright sweetheart. I know that didn’t feel so good. I’m gonna make it all better. Shh…”
John stood and headed for the door, shoulders stiff, back straight. He yanked his jacket off the coat rack and opened the door.
“Not quite the happy announcement I was expecting.” Mycroft's voice somehow managed to convey both annoyance and an expectation of explanation.
John risked a glance at Sherlock. Sherlock was standing still as a statue next to John, staring at him. When John’s eyes met his, Sherlock inhaled sharply and his eyes dropped, clearly taking in the outline of John’s erection in the dim lighting before his attention snapped back to John’s face. Sherlock’s brow knit and his lips turned down at the edges.
John pulled his fingers away. Sherlock let his head drop to his arms again. John returned to his examination, alternating between toying with Sherlock's rim and probing deep.
John groaned, then shifted forward, offering the proffered fingers to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock latched on, tongue sliding between the digits as he sucked John's fingers deep. He laved and suckled, savoring the flavor of John and himself, eyes closing in pleasure.
“Care to explain what that was about?” he asked, tilting his head towards where he’d caught Sherlock attempting to leave.
Soon he was pacing the floor, agitation increasing with each lap around the room. He caught himself pausing by John’s chair, inhaling deeply. His body relaxed and he could feel calm edging in. He felt exhaustion creeping in and decided to give in to his transport, just for now. He was clearly getting nowhere fighting his instincts. Perhaps if he indulged the ridiculous demands of his body, he could appease whatever this was and regain control of his body and mind.
Sherlock found himself responding, mimicking John’s movements. Just when he felt he was getting the hang of it, sliding his own tongue against John’s and then stroking just the tip against the roof of John's mouth, John groaned low and deep. John’s other arm came around Sherlock's waist, pulling them together tightly. Sherlock was embarrassingly aware of how the hard length of his arousal pressed against John's belly. After a moment he realized John was in a similar state; his much larger Alpha cock was pressed long and hard against Sherlock's thigh.
He pulled off of Sherlock's cock, looking up to find his shoulders arched, head thrown back and thrashing against the bed, one hand stuffed against his mouth, stifling his cries. John growled and pulled the offending arm away.
John began rocking into him, slowly at first but quickening the pace steadily until he was practically pounding Sherlock into the sheets. Sherlock was whimpering and clinging tightly to John,who was huffing little pleased groans on every thrust.
“John. I’ve never-” he drew a breath, glancing away and back. “I had thought we were...something more...but we’ve never said...and tonight…” he trailed off, not knowing what to say.
Sherlock's eyes widened. He stood there, blinking at John for what felt like an eternity. John waited anxiously, guilt eating away at him. He had known Sherlock wouldn't want a baby. It would be a constant reminder of how he’d been forced into a heat, how he’d been violated. Sherlock certainly didn’t show signs of regretting bonding with John (quite the opposite, in fact, he’d proudly displayed his bond bite at every opportunity since their bonding period had ended, and was quite enthusiastic about having sex, even when working cases, claiming orgasm was an excellent way to wipe his mind of all but the necessary details). But a baby was a different kind of commitment altogether.
“No lecture. I came home to make sure you were safe and have everything you need. Mycroft's sending supplies, and will install a security detail outside.”
Sherlock stared at the little stick. Two lines. Two stupid pink little lines were going to ruin everything. The lines wavered as his eyes watered.
Sherlock trembled in John’s arms, desperately trying to regain control of his racing heart and ragged breathing. After a few moments, John sat back, peering up at him. John's eyes were warm, his expression soft as he reached up and cupped Sherlock’s jaw.
“Please tell me what's wrong.” John's voice was thick with hurt. Sherlock was upset and he didn't know why; he just knew he needed to fix it.
Sherlock’s legs splayed open, inviting his Alpha to scent him, touch him, take him. His cock lay flat against his stomach, long, straight and pink. Omegas had no pubic hair here, and John gave an appreciative lick along Sherlock's seam, which began just behind his high, tight balls and traversed the length of his perfect pink cock.
“No right-” John cut himself off with a choked sound, arms tightening around Sherlock. Sherlock could feel him breathing deeply for a few moments. The music carried on around them.
Sherlock’s voice was at once sharp and wary. His face was implacable, but his shoulders were hunched. Now that John was calming down, he could see the toll the situation was taking on Sherlock.
John actually seemed to relax at Mycroft’s words. He stood and made his way to the kitchen, tossing a “tea” over his shoulder as he left the brothers alone in the living room. Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, and Sherlock could no longer hold back his grin.
John growled in satisfaction at Sherlock's obvious pleasure. Once he had paid tribute to each nipple, he moved down Sherlock's body again, his own hips grinding his rock hard erection against the bed as he neared the source of the delicious smell emanating from the Omega.
Sherlock froze as realization struck. He could no longer pretend his symptoms were anything other than what they were. He was fully in pre-heat. Somehow, his suppressants had failed. Judging by his previous experiences with heats, he had hours at best before he went into full blown heat. What's more, his Omega had clearly selected a mating partner, if finding his face buried in John's soiled pants while rutting against the bed when waking was any indication.
After what felt like an eternity of bliss, John came back to his senses, just in time to feel himself release another flood of semen into his Omega.
Sherlock walked across the room and straddled John’s lap. Once again, John had surprised him as no one ever had. When Sherlock had realized which neighborhood they were in, he had thought, perhaps, John meant for them to do this in the alley, or even, perhaps, on the porch (this time of night, most people were home and inside, eating dinner or watching tellie or bathing grubby kids). Instead, John had taken out Sherlock’s lockpick set and opened the door, disabling the alarm with a code Sherlock couldn’t decipher how he had gained.
“I am on my way home. I am stopping to pick up supplies. I’m hoping he will have some ideas about who did this. The more we know, the better we can prepare. I'll make sure he takes some E-Con and batten down the hatches. But I have to be quick. He thinks he'll be full blown by morning, but given how quickly his other symptoms arrived, I don’t want to take too long.”
“I'm serious, John.” Also Mr. Stokes' voice speaks of how serious the man is and John reluctantly looks up. “You might not see it yourself, but this cannot possibly end well. There is a power imbalance, and an obvious one. Those Greasers will end up hurting you and I am worried it will be physically.”
Moriarty nods in the direction of the school and John turns his head to look. That is when he sees it. Crossing the lawn towards the parking lot and towards the end of the school grounds, walking from the sport fields with a pair of rugby boots around his neck and with a ball in his hand, is Sebastian.
”I really shouldn't, Mummy,” he says and, despite the severity of the situation and the lie he step by step reluctantly but efficiently develops, he feels proud. His mother will most definitely be impressed and approving of his knowledge. ”I should not drink all this water now and then go to church with you. Drinking a lot of fluids at once can induce vomiting. It is better to frequently drink small amounts.”
“He did not kill Carl.” John says with a sigh, but stands and picks up the remains of his lunch nonetheless. “I’ll see you in class."
“Are you looking for a knuckle sandwich? This ain’t even Holmes’ writing. It looks more like a ballad from your warden.”
Sherlock withdraws and gently strokes John's cheek. John is more than willing to agree, but there is nothing he can do. He has to be brave and, whereas Sherlock can keep him safe from those who want to physically harm him, it is his time to ensure the Greaser's safety.
Sherlock kicks his shoes off and joins John in the bed, immediately drawing the younger boy closer and giving the top of his head a kiss. John smiles, reluctant to break the magical moment with words, and places his arm over Sherlock's side.
He does not know why Sebastian has made it his mission to cheer him up, but he appreciates the gesture. He would rather spend his day in the ice cream parlour with someone he fears than alone and grieving in his bedroom. Sebastian parks the motorcycle and he leads him over the checkered floor inside, instructing John to sit down at a table by the window while he places their order. Once the Greaser joins him he is carrying a milkshake in his hand, topped with a swirl of whipped cream and a single red cherry.
John sighs softly when the long finger slides inside of him and he places his leg over Sherlock's jeans-covered ones.
“They say Mr. Morgan quit. Just like that.” Her eyes widen as she delivers the news. “I don't know if it's true, but he is not here today. Chemistry is cancelled and we can go home.” Her smile fades slightly and she sighs. “And we worked so hard to finish that project, John! Who do you think will be our new teacher?”
In practice, that would never work, and John is secretly pleased with that. The Greaser he is familiar with does not smile with horrifying perfection every time he enters a room nor speaks in a voice so pleasant that the words might as well come from Queen Elizabeth herself. The Greaser he is familiar with tosses cigarette butts on the ground, skips class and invites a reluctant John to what appears to be an abandoned warehouse.
Until then, he is as likely to be told to bend over as the rest of the students for insignificant mistakes like being late.
It takes John a moment to realise that Sherlock is waiting for permission. The Greaser's fingers rest on the elastic, ready to pull the pants down. John nods slowly and Sherlock shifts on the bed, placing one knee on each side of John's thighs, and the long digits slowly, inch by inch, expose John's abused backside.
John repeats the name, his voice as weak as his knees. Sherlock's hands are keeping him standing, and also keeping him too close. Sherlock's eyes are too dilated, an endless sea of darkness, hungry and demanding.
John’s hand slowly returns to hold his bag and a moment later his hair is back in the wind ruffled state, but John seizes the opportunity to break the silence.
There is no time for a longer explanation. John turns his head to the side and in the silence that follows he can vaguely hear a pair of feet thundering by on the street outside. He appears to be safe.
“No, you're not,” John protests. “You are upset. You have been staring at the windscreen as if it deserves to die for the last five minutes. The windscreen didn't bring you here, I did. You're angry with me.”
It is Biology and it is Chemistry, his body's reaction to Sherlock's attention, an yet John cannot explain what is happening to him. He does not even want to explain. To feel is enough, to blink up at Sherlock's sharp jawline and high cheekbones and spread his legs when the Greaser's fingers encourage him to do so.
John’s attention is once again drawn to the piece of paper in his hand and he unfolds it, looking down to for the first time read the message written with the thin handwriting of his teacher’s.
Sherlock, a man, another human being with an X and a Y chromosome, should not have that effect on him.
John blinks surprised and momentarily forgets the real reason why his stomach wants to turn inside out. ”What? No! Mummy, you know that I wouldn't do that. I don't drink, definitely not. Sherlock and I were... discussing Chemistry. The periodic table and elements. The abundance of Boron. I was not even drinking water yesterday. Which, when I think about it, might be the reason why I feel like this. Dehydration.”
Moriarty does not notice that Sebastian is coming towards them, hesitant steps taking him across the soft grass as John's odd behaviour attracts his attention. The dark, dilated eyes are fixed solely on John, barely blinking in determination not to miss a second of John's last, shaky breaths.
“He is my teacher,” John says with a sigh and kisses Sherlock's collarbone. “He only wants to help.”
“Everyone makes mistakes, John. What I cannot understand is why you tried to hide it from us. Your friend arrived with this note ten minutes ago and offered to explain. He is waiting for you upstairs.”
Just like last time, John ends up with his head on Sherlock's lap. Sherlock is lazily smoking a cigarette, which appears to be his replacement of a proper lunch, and John can see the white smoke curl above his head and fade out into nothing. There are a few moments in his life when John remembers being so filled with genuine happiness that nothing else matters. When he won his first rugby game, when his family went to France and when their father one night revealed the television set in the sitting room. His body tingles with a similar feeling when Sherlock's hand keeps stroking through his hair and the sun reaches them through the leaves of the oak just enough to warm his face.
John turns to face her and blinks a couple of times to replace the mental image of Sherlock just before their lips met with the girl in front of him. Molly's obsession with Sherlock is one of the saddest things John has ever seen and he feels nearly guilty when he sheepishly returns her beaming smile.
Sebastian does not question him further. He accepts the vague answer and a few seconds later the roar of a motorcycle disappears around the corner.
His ears are ringing when John stumbles forwards. The trousers around his ankles limit his walk, he keeps stepping on the fabric and even the three steps up to the desk are challenging with the humiliation making him dizzy.
John tries to pretend like nothing and carefully places the bag on his lap, but he immediately relaxes when digits meet scalp, involuntarily and guiltily. For the first time, Sherlock is able to see his face during their short ceremony and the self-awareness of this brings a deepening blush to John’s cheeks. It only lasts a second or two, but by the time Sherlock withdraws his hand and instead grabs the gear lever John feels also his ears burn with embarrassment.
"I have written the address on Ms. Carroll's note," Sherlock continues and begins to trace lines across John's face with light fingertips. "I will wait for you there."
The note still pressed in his slightly sweaty hand is all but erased from his mind when Sherlock beckons him forward.
“Careful,” Sherlock warns him and hooks the arm around John’s waist to pull him back. “You’ll fall in.”
”Is it that Holmes boy, John? Has he been dragging you into mischief? Were you drinking last night, is that why you feel nauseous today? You know what your father and I think of such behaviour.”
John is not aware of how long they remain in the shadows. He loses himself in Sherlock's embrace, who does not show any wish to move until John is ready. He can hear the rest of the rugby team leave the locker room, he can see the lights being put out one after one as the teachers retreat to their offices or to their waiting cars, and eventually he rubs his wet cheeks.
John's heart jumps and he slowly turns around to look at the tall Greaser who approaches them with the leather jacket in his hand. He is vaguely aware of Molly running her hand over her braid and pulling it to fall down her front as Sherlock stops in front of them and raises an eyebrow.
The cane whips against his skin and John yelps, once again jerking forward and into the desk. It makes the pain double, sharp on his backside and dull on his front.
Mr. Stokes' class opens John's eyes to an unpleasant reality. He cannot remember a single teacher who has not approved of his knowledge and thus liked him, nor did he want to believe Sherlock regarding the loyalty of his friends. He blames it all on the cursed jacket, and yet he cannot stop himself from all but rush into the Greaser's arms when he leaves the the locker room after rugby practise with his hair damp and body exhausted.
“Oh no you shouldn't,” John says quickly, not for a second doubting that the Greaser is serious, and then frowns as Sherlock huffs disapprovingly. “What? I need my jacket.”
With the sun keeping him warm the leather jacket remains thrown over his shoulder, where the skin underneath is boiling. He aimlessly walks through the town, up one street and down another. With no address, telephone number or even a name he can only hope that Mr. M will find him.
“Lestrade, make sure John gets to his class. I need to have a word or two with this moron here. John, do fix your hair.”
“Never done this before, have you?” Sherlock purrs and John shakes his head, feeling the pillow brush against his cheeks and nose.
“Tell 'im that he messed up one time too much. His rod's the fastest we've got and he's missed too many drags.” The Greaser puts the photo down and turns around to see a red-eyed John wipe away a tear. “You crying?”
A shudder runs through John's tired body and he nods. He might be wearing rose-tinted glasses, but Sherlock has never looked more handsome with the curls pulled down by gravity and his eyes black and dilated.
The Greaser's name is once again leaving his tongue, a prayer and a desperate plea, calling out for help when his tingling stomach feels about ready to leave his body. Without hesitation Sherlock is there to hold him together, big hands on his flushed cheeks, fingers caressing his temples and rubbing circles over his scalp.
He opens the bag with a glance up at the house and carefully pulls out the black outwear which does not hold even the slightest resemblance to anything he or anyone in his family own.
His head spins and his feet fumble over the floor to get him into an upright position, but the teacher's firm hand is once again on his shoulder.
“No one controls me,” Sherlock replies calmly with a finger exploring the stretched entrance. “Don't worry, my Golden Boy.”
“Greg,” he says slowly and bites the inside of his lip. “Do you know if Sherlock ever... I mean... Sherlock and I, we-”
“I don't need a cuddle,” John replies, harsher than he intended. He licks his lips and quickly looks down. He is not turning into Sherlock. “I'm sorry, Sir.”
Mr. Stokes sighs when John begins to stutter defensively and he walks up to a cupboard with heavy steps.
John closes his eyes. Prays for peace. Prays for Sebastian’s safety, that he will not follow John into the afterlife because he happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
John lifts himself up on his toes and his red and swollen eyes close. His lips are trembling when they find Sherlock's, pressing against them with hopelessness and fear but with steadfast determination.
As if Sherlock's only intention were to make them both aware of John's sinful reaction to the scene he withdraws his hand a moment later, brushes his gentle fingertips along the skin of John's hips, and cups his buttocks.
"What I have to say for myself?" John does not know whether to speak to his mother or to Sherlock, so his gaze keeps flickering between the two of them like a prey trapped between two predators. "Nothing. I mean, this is ridiculous. And Sherlock and I are not in the same class or even year, he is older than me. To think that Ms. Carroll would give the note to him instead of me, it's... well, it's ridiculous."
John could have sworn that a small smirk tugged at the corner of Sherlock’s lips, but when he looks again the smirk is gone and the mask of cold, impermeable indifference has returned.
“There is no one here, John.” Sherlock barely lets him finish before he continues with his bored voice. “The amount of grass between us is simply pointless, and by pointless I mean utterly ridiculous.”
Sherlock's hands leave his body and John can feel a drop of saliva make its way out his open hole and down the path of skin to his balls. His heart keeps racing, wantonly expanding to occupy his entire chest, until it comes to a sudden stop and John's attempt to inhale is met by a firm wall where mouth turns into throat. The head of Sherlock's cock, swollen and with a pearl of pre-cum lingering on the slit, mercilessly ignores the restrictions of John's entrance as it pushes inside with a quiet but extended groan from the Greaser.
“His dealer, John,” the man repeats. “Sherlock Holmes has developed a cocaine addiction. Not unexpected, however, I preferred it when he turned to me for distraction rather than the needle.”
The voice is desperate, trying to make John understand. Trying to pull him out of the trance of staring into Sherlock’s beautiful eyes. John finds himself in the middle, the object of Sherlock’s and Mr. Stokes’ tug of war.
The three words are enough to make Sherlock’s face fall into disappointment. “Why else would you bring that book? It’s just stupid.”
John looks down. He is too tired to deal with Sherlock's accusatory tone and attempts to intimidate him into getting what he wants.
The teacher's dark gaze falls upon him where it scans his face for a moment before he opens his mouth.
“Good morning.” His voice is nearly timid when he walks up to the sink to clean the plate before he takes his seat at the table. He knows that his entrance still is stretched and he knows what his mother will find if she lifts the blanket in his bed. Sherlock's cum, which seeped out through his arse during the night. He has lost his virginity and he lost it to a boy.
The bundle of papers lands on the desk with a low thump and Mr. Stokes' expression immediately turns more serious.
Mr. Stokes has inherited Mr. Morgan's old office. John passes the door in dark wood everyday on his way to class until it turned into a solid part of the wall to which he never paid any attention. Until now. The yellowing name tag with the fading writing is replaced with a new, whiter piece of paper and the minor change is enough to turn the familiar door into black, unknown water.
“One moment!” He must pull himself together, just like his subconscious, annoyingly in Sherlock’s voice, told him to do. Step two is to get Sherlock out of his head as he leaves Mr. Stokes’ bathroom on feet as light as he entered it.
“Yes. By five years. I met him when I was eighteen, the little brat used to sneak in to listen to our lectures. He would sit there in his shorts and ask questions as it were the most natural thing. Then Carl Powers drowned and the little brat was convinced that it wasn’t a tragic accident. He became rather obsessed with the whole affair; it was most amusing to watch him run around. Until his brother decided that his prying was inappropriate, and pulled him out of both the case and my classes. I missed him.”
John feels both frightened and ashamed when he steps out of the car. He feels like a target of ridicule, red in his face and clumsier than ever in the big jacket with sleeves refusing to stay above his wrists.
A swoosh as the cane cleaves the air is the only warning before it happens. The rattan hits his left buttock, lashing diagonally over the upper part with a sharp sound. John is back in his own body, brought back by the burning pain steadily spreading as the abused skin throbs. The gasp leaves his lips a moment later, shocked and harsh, and his eyes snap open.
The distance up to the car is quickly covered as John hurries up to him with a grin growing wider with each step. The pain in his backside is all but forgotten, suppressed by the happiness of seeing the man who gives
The scream, building from somewhere deep within an injured body and leaving parted lips in a heartrending shriek barely reaches him.
Sherlock pulls away with a smirk and presses their foreheads together, pleased with John's light panting.
Molly does a jerk with her head and John follows the movement with his gaze. The man standing with the back to them is as smartly dressed as Mr. Morgan, but his hair is not white and his posture is not sunken with age. He moves his arm swiftly and unhindered over the board, neither sweating from the effort nor groaning when his joints refuse to lift his arm high enough. A low buzz is filling the classroom as students exchange theories and with curious eyes follow every move of the white chalk over the black board until the name
“It’s time to leave for school, Johnny. That oak Sherlock has claimed as yours. If you run, I’ll shoot you and everyone else in sight.”
“There you go,” the Greaser murmurs and John can hear the tube of salve land on the bedside table before the big hands return to his buttocks, cupping them with two thumbs slowly caressing the sensitive skin where backside meets thigh. “Much better.”
John rushes down the stairs and pulls the door open, ready to pull Sherlock inside with the same force and kiss him right there, but almost gasps as he slams into an invisible brick wall. Sebastian stands in front of him.
Written across his buttocks in thin welts given to him by an unforgiving rattan cane are two letters.
John's sensory input appears to have changed. He no longer hears the distant shouts from his team mates on the rugby field, the rustling of leaves outside the window seems unimportant and the murmur of engines, of which one could belong to a red Cadillac, does not reach his ears. Instead he hears his own breathing, loud and rapid, competing with his heart. He feels the wood under his palms and Mr. Stokes' careful hands lift his shirt and jumper up to reveal his backside.
“James Moriarty,” the man offers as an explanation that fails to erase the confusion behind John’s glasses. “It is most pleasant to finally say goodbye to Brian Stokes, he was so dull with his caring, benevolent personality. Of course, Sherlock never trusted him. Did he enjoy my little message? Oh, I’m sure he did.”
John regrets not calling for help when they cross the silent parking lot in front of the building with dark windows. Not even Mr. M, who so far has had an annoying habit of appearing in the shadows in moments when John feels most vulnerable, is anywhere to be seen.
John sighs again, a sound of agreement. The salve numbs the pain enough for him to take his mind off it with the new sensation tickling his skin.
“John. We’re leaving.” Mr. Stokes backs away when he is released and Sherlock instead extends his hand towards John.  “Now.”
He walks up to the coat hanging by the door and wraps it around his shoulder in a sweeping motion that gives John a good view of the gun hidden in an inside pocket, a silent encouragement for him to follow.  “You are a lot slower than him, but I can’t blame you. You have a trusting, naïve soul. It’s rather sweet. Sadly, that will be the end of you. I have just the perfect place for Sherlock to collect your body.”
Sure enough, John can hear the sharp clicks of heels approaching with an alarming rate and his eyes widen involuntarily as his pulse gains speed.
“Knew him,” Moriarty corrects him. “If only by name. Back when I was walking those hallways as a student.”
Sherlock's hand leaves John's leg to shift gears as they leave the street and once they are on a safe distance from John's home the Greaser's arm wraps around his shoulders. It would be enough for someone to send a glance in their direction to see their inappropriate intimacy, but John does not give it a second thought. He trusts Sherlock to keep him safe.
John is back in his room before he knows it with both freedom and dignity intact and without a ringing ear and a burning cheek. He is so relieved that not even Sherlock's presence can dislodge the smile on his face when he drops down onto his bed and toes his shoes off.
John ends up bringing the jacket back home again. He hides it in his wardrobe, under neatly folded jumpers and shirts where the black creates a revealing contrast to all the soft and dim colours. His hands are trembling when he closes the door and he is left staring at them until he has to take a deep breath. The shock reaches him from nowhere, long after the menacing man left the warehouse and John numbly returned home. He stumbles backwards until the hollow of his knees collide with the bed and he limply falls down onto the mattress which offers his body a soft landing. The ceiling above looks the same as ever, but John hardly sees it. He is staring beyond it, into the mysterious space where tiny stars soon decorate his vision.
He makes it towards Chemistry with steps as heavy as the books he carries in his bag when it is time for last period. The weekend feels distant, but now he finds himself fighting to remember rather than to forget.
“I was looking for you during lunch,” she says cheerfully and quickly brushes a curl of brown hair behind her ear that has managed to escape her long braid. “I assume that you haven't heard?”
John can feel that something has changed between them. It is not the kiss. It is not the hand holding, the jacket or the silly exchange of words. It is the way John's stomach tingles and how he allows himself to feel. How he allows himself to appreciate Sherlock's graceful silhouette from the corner of his eye and how he expectantly tilts his head to the side when Sherlock's hand leaves his for a moment in order to comb through his tousled hair.
John's eyes are still distant and he reluctantly obeys the hand splayed over his shoulder blades, leading him into a simple but elegant sitting room. He is barely aware of the soft cushion of the sofa as Mr. Stokes firmly pushes him down and he can feel, even though it should be biologically impossible, how the pale colour on his cheeks turn green.
“I heard what you said. I’m just…” John scratches his head and takes a deep breath in the vain hope that it will clear his mind. “I don’t understand.”
Fingers, as long as Sherlock's and with a slight tremble, stroke over John's shoulder. They are gentle but do not ask for permission as they reach John's neck and push his shirt collar down enough to reveal the purple mark left there by Sherlock's lips. John barely catches a glimpse of the smirk on Victor's lips before Sherlock's unforgiving arm sweeps through the air and hits John over his rib cage with enough force to give him a fearful moment of struggling for breath.
“I would rather not kidnap you at this point,” the man says seriously and turns around. “In fact, I would rather the police is not informed.”
John's fingers close around something in his pocket and he pulls it out. The second he must take his gaze off the threat to read the writing on the piece of paper is nerve wrecking, dangerous in every sense of the words and purely idiotic, but necessary. A moment later he is running.
He cannot look Mr. Stokes in the eye when he puts his plan into action. He keeps his head bowed, hoping to make it to the door and into freedom with minimal pleasantries exchanged between them, but it takes the man but a quick look for soft lips to pull into a smirk that is somehow conveyed in his voice as he speaks.
John's hand is trembling when he takes the photograph and stares down at it. Although Sherlock's curls cover parts of his face there is no denying it. Two boys, two teenagers of the same gender, kissing, and one of them is John.
He pushes John outside with a slight tremble of repressed anger, forcing him to move with a hand on his neck as Victor's sounding laughter follows them through the hallway.
It is Sunday and for the second week in a row, John skips church. Going was never an option, not when he woke up with two furiously gleaming eyes merely an inch away as rough hands shook him awake.
“He won't,” he promises. “You are my boyfriend, silly. As long as Mr. Stokes doesn't find out that we are dating, he has no reason to punish me for simply spending time with you. Today was a misunderstanding.” He can see how reluctant Sherlock is to accept the comfort and John leans up to peck his lips. “Promise.”
“Religion is there to help you in times of trouble, John. If the thought of a slip scares you, you might want to reconsider your faith. Guilt and religion are not automatically intertwined."
He reaches the school, with its dark eyes staring at him, abandoned and forgotten until Monday arrives and it once again will come to life, and walks past it. Mr. Stokes' address is still in his pocket and if John concentrates on it he can feel the paper move with every step. The teacher can help with much, from reaction pathways to the conductivity of metals, but not with this. In this, the teacher is, just like everyone else, the enemy. One of those who will tear his and Sherlock's love apart.
Sherlock's bigger shoes steps into his field of vision and John feels how the jacket his draped over his shoulders.
John looks up at Sherlock’s eyes, expecting eye contact, but the Greaser’s gaze is firmly fixed on John’s hair. The hands are gentle as they do what John failed to do while the car was moving, with his fingers combing through the mess of blonde hair until it falls as neatly as always.
The teacher's voice enters his head through one ear and leaves as quickly through the other. John is soaring somewhere outside his body, with the deafening sound of his heart bouncing off the walls.
“Hush, John,” Sherlock says and as expected hooks an arm around John's body to pull him in the last couple of inches until their sides touch. “Are you not more comfortable like this, my Golden Boy?”
He does not wait to hear Sherlock’s reply as he picks up the paper which his mother wrapped the sandwich in. His legs cannot carry him quick enough as he runs towards the classroom he already ought to be in, not so much running to class as he is fleeing from Sherlock and the immoral contentment he brings forth.
“I can tell,” he replies calmly and wipes his fingers on his worn sleeve. “One might say he is properly marked.”
Sherlock's hands draw a shiver from him as they move down his sides and over his hips. Whereas they could rest there comfortably they do not, but continue along the leather of John's belt. How Sherlock manages to get it open with their bodies merged into one is a mystery and what happens next, however a natural proceeding action, makes John grab Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock tilts John's head up with a possessive grip around his scalp and with thumbs underneath his jaw to keep him firmly in place as he steps forward and forces John up against the lockers.
Their eyes meet for a second before Sherlock guides John's head down and pulls him closer, and John has a feeling that Sherlock was not talking about the sin of the jeans-covered knee pressed between his two naked thighs.
“Where have you been?” she hisses. “Class is just about to start, he has already called your name.” She licks her lips almost mischievously as she leans closer to whisper in John's ear. “Isn't he cute, though? I bet he is clever, too.”
Having a boyfriend is much like bringing a tube of Spangles to school. It is wonderful and John wants to enjoy it in public and among his friends, but cannot breathe a word of it to anyone lest the consequences would be fatal. Another simile that John fabricates as the days pass is that it is a thing best taken in small doses, like cough medicine. Sherlock fills his mind from early morning to late night, but John's feelings are so overwhelming that he cannot absorb more than a limited amount of the real teen at a time. When the Greaser starts drumming his fingers against the table in the library or resorts to point out minor mistakes in John's homework, John has to send him away. Rude as it might be. He cannot concentrate on his school work with Sherlock's deep and sensuous voice too close to his ears and with a foot slowly brushing his shin under the table.
“Nothing.” John shrugs and unpacks his sandwich to finish his lunch. “He told me to find you and that was it.”
It is like Sherlock's arm once again collides with his ribs. John is fighting a war he cannot win. A two front war. In his attempt to buy the silence of the one man who knows about his and Sherlock's unusual intimacy he has revealed the secret to yet another man. The domino effect has begun, the tiles are falling.
John nods again and he can feel the corners of Sherlock's lips, still positioned on his temple, pull up in a smirk.
John jumps when Sherlock murmurs in his ear and a moment later he scurries to his feet with his face flushed.
“I need to ask something,” he repeats dumbly and nervously shifts his weight onto his other foot. “It is about... Well. You see, I'm wondering if you know where Sherlock gets his...” Sebastian raises an annoyed eyebrow and John finishes weakly. “His drugs.”
“John Watson,” he announces as John reluctantly joins his side. “Any harm done to him will be done to you times ten, like Sebastian already knows. Understood?”
His parents would never suspect that he is up to anything bad. Harriet, yes, but not their good, well-mannered little John. Still a baby in their eyes, still innocent. Spending a night away is soon forgotten and he has but call a goodbye from the front door before he leaves, Sherlock's jacket partly hidden under his arm.
“I’m not a golden boy.” A small pause, and then he continues. “I’m not even a boy any more. I’m sixteen, a young man.”
Sherlock’s response is humiliating. He raises his eyebrows and a chuckle builds up deep down his throat until it reaches his lips.
John does not know what he has to offer Sherlock. The Greaser can get both legal and less clumsy kisses from any of the girls who would be nearly as happy as Molly to be the special one, and yet Sherlock elects to kiss him. Sherlock forces secret after secret upon him until they build up and threaten to trickle out through his ears like thick grease unless he shares them with someone.
John nods, but his wish to see Victor is far less romantic. It is based on helplessness and utter fear that the man Sebastian calls Mr. M will realise his threat. John shudders despite the warm temperature and Sherlock, who interprets it as a reaction to the building they have stopped in front of, pulls him into his arms.
Sherlock, leaning over John, their lips firmly pressed together and a big arm over John's small shoulders.
“I have to admit, Mrs. Watson, that although I came here to defend John and explain why he left Ms. Carroll’s note behind, I am starting to think that I might have been mistaken. I too would like to hear what John has to say for himself. For leaving me behind like that.”
Mr. Stokes gives John permission to borrow his telephone so that he can hear his mother’s angry voice and relieved reassure himself that his parents are safe, even if he is due another slap once his trousers are dry and he returns home. They are currently hanging inside Mr. Stokes’ bathroom, leaving John dressed in a pair of borrowed and too big jogging bottoms that the man eventually found in his flatmate’s wardrobe.
“But it is,” Molly insists and nods at something behind John's shoulder. “And if there isn't anything going on between the two of you, why would he be here right now? I know Sherlock's timetable by heart, and he should be in Maths right now. In the opposite end of the school.”
He holds his breath when the staining odour of cigarette smoke grows too strong to be ignored and his heart skips a beat. He knows what is to come and a moment later, as his eyelids fall down, he allows himself to enjoy the feeling of long, slender fingers running up his neck and through his hair. He does not question it; he does not even show a sign of noticing.
The rides in the Cadillac to and from school are now a part of his daily routine, and so are the lunch under the oak, the kissing after rugby practice and the attempts to study with Sherlock flopped down on his bed. He even wears the leather jacket without neither protests nor hesitation. The rest of the students slowly accept it as normal until Sherlock, who appears to be pleased with John's development, takes the jacket back and lends it only on special occasions. John is too happy to notice that those special occasions tend to occur when the situation enhances Sherlock's possessive side.
Leaned against the wall with a glowing cigarette nonchalantly between his fingers is a Greaser with a leather jacket similar to Sherlock’s. John had hoped to find at least Greg before he encountered another member of their gang, but in the absence of a familiar face his legs carry him forward as the teen begins to look annoyed.
“He wants you back,” John points out, his voice quiet as Sherlock erases his will to do anything but relax under the tender fingers now carding through his hair. “If you can't-”
He smiles softly and lifts a numb arm to touch Sherlock's face. Sherlock gives it a small squeeze and John looks with amazement and a little disgust as the Greaser proceeds to lick his own hand clean from cum. He gives John's thighs the same treatment, licking them with a pink tongue that tickles John's skin, and once they both are clean Sherlock tucks them in under the soft and fluffy duvet.
To spare his sore backside he positions himself on the bed, lying flat on his stomach with his neck in an uncomfortable angle and with his glasses continuously sliding down the bridge of his nose. Studying does not bring him the satisfaction he hoped for. X solves for 10 instead of 13, the chemical reactions remain unbalanced and the bracelet around his wrist turns into a distraction. Sherlock is once again on his mind.
“You have nothing to gain by remaining on that chair.” Mr. Stokes rounds the desk and places a gentle hand on John's shoulder. “Six strokes, that's all. Three on each side and I will avoid the most sensitive parts. I cannot let you leave this room without sending a message, so be a good boy and bend over the desk. Bare bottomed.”
Unlike John, Sherlock remains steady and strong. He pulls out once he is finished, closes the button in his jeans, and picks a trembling John up in his arms. With a sweeping motion he clears the mess on the bed and lays him down, whereupon he disposes John off his jumper and shirt and tucks him in.
“…I'm sorry.” He mutters the words, and the next moment he flinches. Sherlock raises his hand, big and strong, and John can easily picture it crush both his glasses and his nose with ease.
He shares a table with his friends during lunch. The sun is still shining and with a bit of luck they manage to get one of the tables where they can enjoy the warmth on their backs. The morning’s confusion feels distant as he laughs at some lame joke about their physics teacher’s new haircut and John is genuinely surprised when someone taps him on the shoulder.
John's attempts to explain turn into stuttering as Sherlock interrupts him time after time. The Greaser will not let him explain, will not understand that John denounced Victor for him.
The name Sherlock Holmes appeared to awake contradicting feelings in Mrs. Watson. A well-mannered, smooth-talking and intelligent Greaser is at the same time the best and the worst playmate for her son and John could almost see how she wished that she could peel the leather jacket off the boy and cut his hair. Keep the parts she approves of and make him a suitable friend and a decent human being with the prospect of going to heaven.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and falls down onto his back with a hand underneath his head. “What else did he tell you? He talks too much.”
Baffled, John gives Sherlock’s profile a glance and then looks out the windscreen with a frown. He can only interpret that as a no to his unspoken question.
“It was a fair assumption to make,” Victor continues, obviously more amused than Sherlock. “You bring me a square like him, how am I supposed to not believe he is your payment? He looks terrified, I'm sure he will do anything you tell him to.”
His voice reaches its climax. He is angry, hurt and desperate, but most of all he is tired. Tired of Sherlock’s games. Tired of the dangerous company of the Greaser.
John's heart does a heavier beat and then seems to disappear from his body as it, instead of blood, pumps out a wave of freezing ice.
“Look at you,” Sherlock says quietly, and cold, emotionless eyes sweep across his face. “You want it so badly, don’t you? You long for it. It only takes two words, John.”
Sherlock’s fingers are cold against his skin, like a statue made of marble, and yet the digits burn. John’s heart is racing, thundering in his chest as if it is about to break free from his body.
“Once you are in too deep it is hard to withdraw They know things about you. Call it playing or call it blackmailing, one thing is for sure. You will not be the one laughing.”
He cannot look Mr. Stokes in the eyes when the man returns to the desk and sits on top of it. He knows that he is blushing, still ashamed, still humiliated.
“You're sorry and...?” John can easily picture how Sherlock lifts a pointing eyebrow and he continues in a defeated voice.
It takes Greg a moment to reply, but when he does John has the feeling that he gave the question a genuine thought.
“Of course you do, punk,” he teases. “And to be 'onest, the first one was a lie. There were no punks in the teams to push around. How someone like you got onto the team, I don't know. They must've run out of options or something.”
Maybe Sebastian feels as suffocated by the house as John feels by Sebastian's presence. There is something wild about the teenager that makes him look as misplaced inside the Watson's neat home as a tiger in the middle of London. The Greaser's motorcycle is parked by the pavement and Sebastian begins to push it down the street with John traipsing a few feet away. Uncomfortable silence hangs over them and John nearly wishes that Sebastian would let the engine roar to life, until the Greaser finally speaks.
Sherlock purses his lips and with a fluid movement he is sitting, looking at John with eyes making his blood freeze and his anger to be replaced with fear.
John does not let himself realise that he is playing with fire as he grips the Greaser's arm and quickly continues.
John's trembling hand acts on its own when it leaves the wooden surface and disappears into the darkness below. His prick feels ready to burst, throbbing and fully erected.
“Sherlock Holmes has, during the last few months, developed what we could call a bad habit. A habit that makes him slow and generally uninterested in the world around him. Boring, if you will.” He makes a pause, as if considering his next words carefully, before his voice drop and he continues with a sentence that makes John shudder. “From what I have observed, the two of you appear to be... close. I need you to find out who he meets and where I can find this person. Hand me his dealer.”
“I spent the night at a friend's house. I know, it is irresponsible to have a sleepover on a school night, I should have called and I did deserve being sent to my room yesterday.”He ducks away from his mother's hand which still caresses the skin she the slapped a few hours earlier. “I'm sorry.”
He does not like when new teachers join the staff. There is something frightening about it, although Mr. Stokes looks anything but threatening with his scrawny figure. He cannot know how stern a new teacher is, nor how generous he is with the cane. And more importantly, a new teacher cannot know that he, John Watson, is a perfect student who differs from the rest. They will be in a relationship of ignorance until John gets a couple of As and proves himself worthy of the special treatment that he receives from the rest of the teachers.
Pleased with himself, John looks up. He may be upset with Sherlock for sending him a bodyguard and forcing him to ride on the back of a motorcycle, but he is still loyal. Sherlock is still his boyfriend and he is still wearing the golden bracelet around his wrist.
John clears his throat. It is not until Sebastian turns to him with hair ruffled by the wind and he takes the goggles off with one sweeping movement that John realises that his decision to turn to Sebastian for help was impulsive, and very much so.
Sherlock chuckles and lets his hand brush through John’s hair as he pulls his arm back. “I found this place by accident,” he continues and sits down with his legs folded. “I come here when I need to think or get away from everything for a couple of hours. People can be so annoying. Sit.”
“Didn't I tell you you're merely an ankle-biter?” Sherlock hums and rewards John with a hand stroking through his hair a couple of times. “I happen to like this jacket on you, so you will wear it.”
John is thoroughly scolded for the night's pleasure. His mother sends him to his room with a plate of sandwiches and a throbbing ear as he can do little but shrug when she demands to know why he never returned home the previous afternoon. Sherlock's leather jacket is an unfortunate clue and, although Mrs. Watson's fears are far from the truth, they are bad enough.
The Greaser looks as though he is about to do just that, staring back at Sherlock without breaking the eye contact, until he shrugs and with a roll of his eyes pushes himself free. “Whatever. You can keep him, Holmes. I thought he was spying on us.”
“He had to go.” There is no regret in either Moriarty’s words or his movements when he finds a rope inside his coat, appropriately tied into a noose, and moves to tie the other end around a branch. “The best way to gain your trust was to act as your teacher and I just so happened to know that you study Chemistry. If you run I will shoot both you and your parents.”
John slowly turns his head to the side and meets Sherlock’s gaze. The robust words are gone, and so are the typical coldness and sarcasm in the Greaser’s voice. Sherlock speaks like the kind of person John’s parents pretend to be, but never can. Someone raised in a mansion with big, shiny halls and expensive paintings. Whose grandparents hosted dinners with butlers and big staffs, before the wars came and changed the old way to the new.
John whimpers in response and Sherlock brushes his thumb over the slit, playing with the persistent drop of pre-cum. The sensation is so strong that John gasps and his back arches, pushing his hips up and into Sherlock's hand. The Greaser catches John's moaning lips and draws the last ounce of air from him with a deep kiss.
“You are very responsive.” The deep voice is muttering in his ear as sharp but gentle teeth nibble on his earlobe. He should feel disgusted, push Sherlock away, but the feeling is breathtaking. His rear still stings under the contact with Sherlock's heavy palms, the stimulation of his earlobe makes his head spin and a firmer touch of jeans against his naked prick is what finally draws the first moan from him as Sherlock rolls his hips.
The kiss is graceless and John soon lowers himself back onto his heels, but Sherlock has never looked more satisfied as when he runs his fingers through John's hair.
“No, John,” he replies with a softness in his voice, as if he suspects that the question originates in the turmoil of feelings inside John’s body. “I have experienced a wide range of emotions, but never love. Am I right in assuming that love is in on your mind?”
The muffled sounds from downstairs speak of a different reality, where boys cannot kiss boys. Where John belongs in hell for the bulge pressing into his stomach. He whimpers, a pathetic noise of exhaustion and despair. Sherlock is slowly, inch by inch, driving him mad.
Mr. Stokes does not seem aware as he helps John to angle up again and the cane is brought down for the fifth time. The next stroke lands horizontally over his right buttock and John more or less collapses on the desk when he counts six in his head. He is exhausted and his breathing is heavier than directly after practise.
He knows what Sherlock will do long before it happens. It has been deeply programmed into his brain during two months’ time and John feels himself wait for it from the moment he timidly sits down in the Cadillac. He closes the door behind him and as if the consequent click were the alarm awakening Sherlock, the teen extends a hand and the long fingers finally brush through John’s hair.
“He is not a gift, Victor,” Sherlock snaps. “You can have your fun with the junkies who are unable to pay.”
Sebastian glares at him, daring him to repeat the question. His eyes are dilated, his cheeks flushed from the ride, and with his hair no longer slicked to his scalp he looks more dangerous than ever.
Of course Marilyn would overreact. John is ten minutes late to class and suddenly everyone knows that John Watson, the golden boy, is in trouble with Sherlock Holmes. Rumours of the kind always spread like fire through a forest and by the time John excuses himself and takes his normal seat he can see his classmates stretch their necks to see if he has any visible bruises or a prominent limp.
As per usual, John’s afternoon is scheduled to the breaking point. Studying, the customary cup of tea with his parents once his father returns home, studying, dinner, and more studying. Those A’s will not come by themselves, as his father likes to remind him, and nor will those scholarships. It is not until he later that night settles in his bed with Carson McCuller’s masterpiece, that he has the time to reflect on the odd turn of events. It remains odd no matter how many times he twists and turns it in his head and before long he gives up the reading with a heavy sigh.
The Greaser's cock, feeling impossibly big inside of John, makes him see stars. The pain is worse than the caning and although John tells himself to relax, his muscles keep contracting and throbbing around Sherlock.
“Thank you.” John gives him a small smile and pulls the glass close enough to drink from the straw. The cold drink freezes his inside and freezes his feelings and it is exactly what he needs.
John's mouth keeps talking although his brain since long has given up. He hears himself from a distance, muffled by Sherlock's groans and what he soon realises is his own panting. Small beads of sweat have erupted in his hairline, glistering but fading when light catches Sherlock's eyes.
John never expected to make friends with a Greaser, but his and Sebastian's acquaintance could not have had a worse start. Sebastian never greets him in the hallways like Greg does. Instead, John feels Sebastian glare at him whenever they meet and one does not have to be Sherlock Holmes to understand that the Greaser hates him.
“I'm not interested in your excuses, John. I told you to wear the jacket and you didn't. It is as simple as that. I am deeply disappointed in you.”
Finally Sherlock's sobs quieted, and he lifted his head, scrubbing at his eyes with the heels of his palms. He tried to pull away, but John wouldn't let go. After a moment, he settled against John's chest again, still avoiding eye contact.
John pressed Sherlock's cheeks apart with his hands and pressed his face closer, mouth opening wider as his tongue thrust deep. He wriggled it inside Sherlock, who whimpered and arched his back, pressing back in a demand for more.
Sherlock pulled back, clearly intending to flee. John's hand snapped out, grasping Sherlock's wrist and dragging him back before rolling both of them so Sherlock was pinned beneath him.
The smile fell from his face as he sat up, tugging at his curls even as he recalled the way things had ended the night before. John hadn’t dumped Sherlock from his lap and run away afterwards. He had held Sherlock in his arms, run his hands up and down his back, pressed kisses to his shoulder, his neck, the side of his head...then he’d pulled back with a laugh and swiped his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
Sherlock's mind caught on nest. John was talking about making a nest. He pulled himself from his distressed thoughts and replayed what John had just said. Suddenly, a grin split his face, causing John to stop his rambling.
The technician stood, saying something about the obstetrician being in in a few minutes and left them alone. The sound of the door shutting seemed to restart Sherlock’s brain, and he sat up.
John growled and then suddenly he was filling Sherlock, hands on his hips holding him still as he filled him completely. John began thrusting, growling a warning when Sherlock tried to rise up and look back. Sherlock dropped low again, pleasure filling his body and his chest as he realized John was being driven purely by instinct, his Alpha side taking over.
And then John dragged Sherlock so his arse was nearly hanging off the table and pushed his legs up to his chest. Sherlock was pressed against the table, arse exposed to be used as John saw fit. John changed the angle of his thrusts and increased the pace. He was no longer pressing against Sherlock’s prostate, but was reaching deep. Sherlock could hear the slap of flesh as John’s balls met his arse. John wasn’t nearly as quiet in here-no one could hear them and Molly had left early for the day.
They stayed against the door, panting and riding the tail ends of their orgasms for some time. Eventually, John pulled back, grinning up at Sherlock.
“This isn’t-you can’t just experiment on me. I don’t want-” Sherlock looked away, and John forced himself to continue. “I don’t want this just to be some sort of data collection. If you want this, really want
“Doctor Watson, I think it best if you return to Baker Street straight away. I will ensure the appropriate supplies are delivered with all due haste. It would be for the best for you to secure 221B and prepare my brother for his upcoming heat.”
The last week and a half had been quite the roller coaster for John. A small part of him had hoped Sherlock had stopped taking suppressants for
He found himself caught by John's eyes, unable to look away from John's face. John's expression held possessiveness, lust and pleasure. But also, wonder and awe and something, something that made Sherlock's chest ache and added a sweet edge to his pleasure.
Sherlock stiffened even further. “Clearly whoever it was intended to leave me unable to think, a slave to my body’s needs for several days. The most obvious reason is because they wish to commit a crime that they don’t want me to catch wind of and solve.”
Sherlock stared. His eyes refused to believe what his hands and body were already telling him. His trousers would not button. This was the second pair he had attempted to pull on this morning, assuming his cleaner had somehow managed to shrink the first pair. He frowned. While the first suit had just been returned from the cleaner, the second had been chosen as it wasn’t part of that batch and he hadn’t wanted to deal with trying on every suit that came back to see which had been shrunk and which hadn’t. Which meant, that,  somehow, in the space of approximately thirty-six hours, presuming no one was attempting to play a ridiculous prank on him, he had clearly gained enough weight to prevent him from closing that last inch and pressing the button home.
John exited the bathroom, humming softly. He felt more relaxed than he had in a couple of weeks. A long, hot shower, an indulgent wank, plans to cuddle on the couch and watch Bake Off…
But the bonding period had ended nearly two weeks ago. While the clinginess had abated (mostly), Sherlock was still experiencing hormonal fluctuations. One minute he was happily solving a case, the next he was snapping at John for breathing wrong, the next he was crying because he just
John stood and turned Sherlock around, lifting his legs to wrap around John's waist. John lined them up and thrust home, pressing Sherlock against the shower wall. He established a quick pace, arms sliding under Sherlock's legs to gain better leverage.
“Mmm...it has been hours. But I can smell you; I'd say another half an hour before we have another go round. Was planning to feed you up a bit first.”
John watched as his daughter was laid across Sherlock’s chest. He held their son, who had come first. One of each. He grinned. They hadn’t wanted to know the sex of their babies, choosing instead to be surprised. The gender neutral nursery and baby items waiting back at 221B were going to be perfect for their babies.
So saying, he gathered his courage, leaned forward and pressed his mouth to John's, lips resting against lips for the space of a few heartbeats.
He realized he’d been brought awake by the Omega, who was looking at him with  a mixture of pleading and anxiety.
Ugh. Clearly he had allowed John to feed him too much recently. He just needed to cut back on how often he ate. That was all. Meanwhile, he would simply wear pajamas at home, and if he had to go out, he’d wear a pair of the loose fitting jeans or trousers he kept around for some of his disguises.
John swallowed past the painful feelings that caught in his throat-bitter jealousy, eye watering loss, throat tightening rejection-and focused on replying without giving any of his actual thoughts away. It wouldn't do for Sherlock to realize what John had dared to hope, how much it hurt despite how many times over the last months he'd told himself Sherlock was not for him. Somehow, believing Sherlock was not for anyone had made it easier. Now, though...he sighed and let his shoulders slump a moment before breathing deeply and typing out a reply.
“Oh, love.” John’s entire demeanor changed, shoulders dropping, arms pulling Sherlock just a bit closer, face softening. “I should’ve realized.”
Sherlock reached down, slipping just two fingers into the waistband of John’s pajamas and pulling them out and down, releasing John’s cock. John’s erection stood out proudly, heavy, thick and long, flushed red and leaking steadily.
“Of course sex with you would be like nothing I’ve ever experienced before.” Sherlock stiffened in his lap, but John just continued. “I was right. It was absolutely fucking brilliant.”
Sherlock seemed truly confused. In turn, John was confused by the question, or rather by the seeming assumption behind the question that he would leave if he knew Sherlock was pregnant.
“God, John! Hurry up and fuck me. Fill me! I need-” Sherlock's voice cut off on a high whine as John twisted his fingers inside Sherlock and circled over his prostate.
Greg nodded, and just held Sherlock’s hand until they pulled up in the underground carpark of the building they had left. He followed the medics, and sure enough soon found himself on a floor that looked exactly like any one of the many hospitals he’d visited over the years. Sherlock was whisked away into an examination room, and Greg went to where Mycroft was standing, watching silently.
“This is Mycroft Holmes,” said the Doctor, indicating Mycroft, “and I’m the Doctor.” The Yrani’s gaze flicked up to him. “Yes, that Doctor,” said the Doctor. “What’s your name?"
In a cellar somewhere in London, Sherlock was handcuffed to an old pipe sticking out of the cellar wall. Should have gone for the throat, he thought, and shifted his feet slightly, doing his best to ignore the way they throbbed. Transport, he reminded himself. Only transport. He examined the handcuffs. They would have done better sticking to ropes, he thought.
He knocked on the door and entered, to find Mycroft glaring at Anthea. She, for her part, was looking entirely unfazed about this. “You left no instructions,” she pointed out.
The Doctor opened another door, leading to a bedroom. Sherlock looked at the equipment sitting on a bench in the kitchen. “Is this it?”
So he brought up the video on his computer so they could both watch it. He did not really wish to see it again, but he knew he needed to. The Doctor watched in silence. “Who’s Andrew Martin?” he said.
“You just did,” muttered Sherlock, receiving a cuff from one of the men across the back of his head.
True to his word, Greg soon found himself packed in the medic’s van next to Sherlock, following the other van where the operatives, the dead body, and their prisoner were riding.
John nodded, having had a quick look at the information Mycroft sent them. “Martin doesn’t have form for much in the way of violence either. Bit of computer hacking, wasn’t it?”
Greg grinned. “Chicken.” He remembered why he came in. “I am a bit concerned about something, and I’m probably overreacting, but I thought I should tell you.” He ran through the text message conversation of the previous evening, the fact that Donovan was now absent from work and not responding to him, and that the text conversation had been uncharacteristic. Mycroft stared at Greg’s phone once he was done. “Am I overreacting?” Greg asked.
The sheets in John's bed carry a vague scent of Sherlock even after dinner, when the Greaser since long has left and the Cadillac no longer is visible from his bedroom window. John has locked the door to ensure himself that his parents will remain safely in the rest of the house as he lifts the pillow to his face and inhales. The scent makes his head spin and like a drug he finds himself unable to put the pillow down. The knowledge that he tonight will sleep surrounded by Sherlock's scent is overwhelming, but behind the joy lures the dark guilt. Hell, prison, and public disgrace await the man whose stomach tingles at another man's touch. Sherlock is the devil in human form, deceiving him to taste the apple.
He heaves the school bag up on his shoulder and walks towards the building with a glance at Sherlock, trying but failing to prepare himself for the dreadful day ahead of him, but the Greaser calls him back.
“I… I recognise you,” he stutters and takes a small step back. “You were in the rugby team. I am too. I was allowed in the team when you quit and they needed more players.” John makes a small pause and glances up at the face above, not sure whether he is increasing or decreasing the risk of having his nose broken. “I have been told that you were very promising. Very talented. The other players miss you.”
“I have soothing salve here, John.” Sherlock leans down to murmur in John's ear and his fingers travel up, following an invisible path over John's thigh up to his underwear. “It will make you feel better, I promise.”
“Clearly.” Sherlock’s voice is amused as he closes the book and places a finger under John’s jaw to regain his full attention. “And yet you have come further than most people. I am actually surprised by my own wittiness.” He makes a pause, offers John one last chance to solve the puzzle, before he rolls his eyes. “Boron rhymes with moron.”
It took me a couple of days to read all the previous chapters but it was definitely worth it. I can't tell you how amazing it feels to dive back into this universe. I hope this and future chapters make the story justice, we have a lot of exciting stuff ahead of us with plots and subplots that come together at last.
John swallows thickly as Greg leaves him and he picks up his bag to enter the classroom. He should know better than to tell anyone. The secrets Sherlock gives him are secrets that he has to take to the grave.
John slowly does as he is told, but only once he carefully has folded his trousers over a chair. He is scared of defiling the room just by breathing the air in it. The bed is soft and much more comfortable than Mr. Stokes' desk, but he still feels exposed and vulnerable with his backside only covered in the briefs, white and innocent against the deep red duvet covers.
He wants to open his eyes but his heavy eyelids fail him. He wants to reach out, touch Sherlock one last time, but he cannot do so. His body is numb, empty. The ringing in his ear turns into a beautiful melody. It soothes him, brings him peace.
Sebastian straddles the motorcycle and John can only admire the way he becomes one with the machine. He turns to leave when Sebastian starts the engine, but he can only take a few steps before the Greaser calls him back over the rumbling noise.
As wonderful as it is to lie close to Sherlock after their bodies had been merged into one, to share lazy kisses and to feel gentle fingers wander over his naked skin, John is not fond of what comes next. The following day brings soreness, enough to make him limp like after a challenging game of rugby when he makes his way down the stairs. His room is empty and his bed carefully made, with his window ajar to ventilate the musky scent of sex and intimacy. Sherlock descended from the same window before the sun was fully risen, kissing John's forehead and in a low, purring voice telling him to go back to sleep. He would be back later.
Sherlock chuckles and catches John's hand to press a soft kiss to his palm. “Oh, I've done a lot more than cuddling boys,” he says with his eyes moving across John's fingers and the well-trimmed nails. “Things your innocent mind can't even dream of.” He lifts his gaze and looks at John, whose cheeks gain an ever increasing pink shade. “Or maybe you can,” Sherlock adds with a smirk.
The man finds him. In control of everything, he acts as though he expected John to walk past the grocery store at that exact moment. He looks pleased when he beckons John into the shadows behind the building, whereas John feels sick. His stomach is riding a roller-coaster and just came across a particularly vicious drop.
John licks his lips and looks around. As always, Sherlock is right. He can see a few teens at the car park, but the majority of the students are currently enjoying their lunch in the cafeteria or by the tables hidden from their view by the school building.
“Sluffing,” Sherlock murmurs, putting more energy into making his voice send a shudder down John's spin than into his actual reply. “School is boring.”
Both John and the Greaser turn to look at Sherlock’s unmistakable silhouette where he stands half in shadow in the doorway to the warehouse. John bows his head in shame, for some reason feeling guilty for the incident, but Sherlock steers his steps towards the Greaser and without hesitation grabs his jacket to pin him to the rough wall.
Anger builds inside John. Sherlock may be a shuckster, hardly worthy of John’s full-hearted protection, but it pains him to know that Sherlock suffered through years of unfair accusations.
John can see Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he takes the first bite of what remains of his sandwich and a moment later he has to look away. The Greaser’s expression of dissatisfaction makes him feel uneasy.
.” John pulls his hand away from the cold window and wraps Sherlock's jacket closer around himself. ”King Lear.”
Due to the nature of their relationship the future is obscure, but life seems a little brighter when Sherlock, unwilling to part so soon, drops John off outside his house. Victor cannot turn them in without getting himself in trouble for the same deviation and John has successfully acquired the demanded information for Mr. M. His wet lips are a proof of Sherlock's feelings, which, if he ever doubted, finally have been spoken out loud.
Slowly, he finds the courage to relax his body. His shoulders sink, his head tipping forward in defeat.
The Bible is where to look when in doubt, his mother says. To John, the Bible only speaks of sin. He remembers asking God about it during his evening prayer once, a long time ago, and when he woke up the following morning Harriet had just drunk the last drop of juice and he was left to drink milk.
He chuckles softly when he sees how reluctant John is to accept the note and leans back. “Do not worry, John, I am not suggesting anything inappropriate. A cup of tea, that's all. You need help with those Greasers and I am more than willing to offer it. There has only been a few years since I was in the same situation and nobody gave me a helping hand. I am your friend, not your enemy. Remember that.”
Mr. Stokes is very pleased with himself, even if he tries to conceal it. He locks the door after Sherlock and offers John both praises for his strength as well as dinner. The final battle against Sherlock is fought and won.
John nods slowly and thoughtfully looks away. He has seen Sherlock exploit Molly and her unconditional love ever since the headmaster gave in and granted her and her self-invented Science club free access to the labs for harmless and by a teacher approved experiments. Molly's enthusiasm does not falter although she remains the only member of her club and she is still convinced that Sherlock will join her if she lets him access the labs just once more.
Sherlock never speaks to him. Never. The deep baritone voice is carried with the wind and it reaches John together with another wave of smoke. It paralyses him, leaves him speechless. Nearly two months have passed since that Wednesday when Sherlock first placed a possessive hand on his head, petted through his hair, and walked away without a word. Every day this process is repeated, until John learnt not only to expect it but also to accept it, and not once has a word been spoken.
Sherlock's sharp voice cuts through John's head and joins the countless other insults already thrown at him. He should be horrified but numbness fills his body. Sherlock's anger is directed directly at him this time, not luring behind mind games and manipulations.
Greg says it with such obviousness that John’s jaw drops, and a moment later he sees Greg’s face soften as the Greaser places a hand on his shoulder.
John can barely contain the groan until the sharp sound of his mother's heels dies out. "Of course she brings God into the picture," he mutters. "As if he would care about a silly little note." He turns to Sherlock and in vain expects him to be compassionate, as Sherlock only shrugs and leans forward, not to take a biscuit, but to run his palm over a crease in the tablecloth. The silence and attempt to ignore him reminds John of a grumpy child and too tired to deal with an eighteen year old baby he pushes the now crumpled piece of paper into Sherlock's cold palm.
“John.” Sherlock sighs and cups his cheeks. “I am not seeing anyone else. I have only got eyes for you.”
Sherlock hushes him and the desperate touches calm down as a lanky finger instead touches his lips. “It will be all right,” he promises quietly. “Give it a moment. You are very tight, John, but you will stretch. Keep breathing.”
person he has ever met. John cannot describe it by any other word. He is the most intelligent, the most beautiful and the most jealous. Paranoid. Worried that Mr. Stokes, his teacher, will come between them. That Mr. Stokes will be a threat to John, who did not even look at boys until Sherlock ruined him with his perfection.
A moment later John wishes that he had enjoyed the peace with Sherlock instead of turning it into a war. Sherlock's face immediately darkens, quicker than day turns into night in late December, and the warmth which has filled John since the orgasm disappears.
Sherlock neither reveals his deduction nor waits for John to confirm the unspoken. It is not necessary, the more time they spend together the more convinced John becomes that the Greaser actually is a genius.
He has never been grounded before. The walls of his bedroom feel pressing already after ten minutes of imprisonment and he knows, clearer than ever, that the photograph of Sherlock and him kissing never must reach the eyes of authority. Sherlock might have convinced him that it is possible to wear both a golden cross and a golden bracelet, but a pair of handcuffs would be a mismatch.
John tugs the pants down to his thighs and stands on his toes to catch a glimpse of the faded bruising in the mirror. He frowns already before he sees it, prepared for six green lines across his skin.
A small circling motion has John tip his head down onto the desk and when Sherlock's fingertip breaches the tight rim he gasps. Sherlock's finger slowly works him open, careful not to cause any unnecessary pain as it pushes inside, bends, and is pulled back. Sherlock hovers above him like a predator, listening to John's gasps and whimpers as the first finger is followed by a second and he begins to scissor them, forcing the tight muscles to relax and expand the entrance with pain turning into pleasure and forcing a shudder through John's body.
“You can tell me later, all right? Sherlock would remove the breaks from my car if I didn't get you to class on time. Later, gator.”
John's fingers take a tighter grip around the jacket and the man follows the movement with his gaze. For a moment they simply observe each other, the man with an expression of indifference and John with his fight or flight response threatening to take control.
“Put the bloody helmet on, punk.” Sebastian is already straddling the bike, not wearing a helmet. “Holmes don't want ya head all smashed in.”
John refuses to meet Sherlock's accusatory gaze when he licks his lips, a gaze that still is too dark.
John can only nod, out of breath and amazed by the feeling Sherlock gives him. It is better than good grades. It is better than rugby, television and books.
“I came to see my Golden Boy,” Sherlock replies and puts out a cigarette against the sole of his shoe. A moment later he finds the packet in his pocket and uses it as a container for the butt. “See? I'm not leaving any evidence, they will never know I was here. Now step away from the window, I'm coming in.”
The streets are mostly empty as they make their way through town. The shops are closed and the few people they meet, on their way to the ice cream parlour, the movies or simply out for a stroll, become scarcer the closer they get to the school. It is as if the school grounds must be avoided at all cost on a day off.
John nods slowly and cuddles closer to Sherlock when the Greaser's fingers stroke his naked back. “And before you came to see me?”
Sherlock is not patient enough to let John’s confusion fade and leave room for a proper response. The pale fingers, which a moment earlier contaminated the fresh spring air by recklessly waving a cigarette, now curl around the strap of John’s brown leather bag and yank it up on Sherlock’s shoulder. The bag looks incongruous on the teen with the tight jeans and backcombed hair. Sherlock does not seem to notice the extra weight of books weighing John down every day and a moment later he is already walking back the way he came, John’s bag swaying by his side and with shoes soundlessly moving over the soft grass.
He stumbles to his feet and quickly places a hand on the rough bark of the old oak next to him when his head spins from the sudden movement. “Hello?” He bites his lip when the tall boy disappears around the corner of the school building. He does not want trouble, but nor does he want to return home without his school bag.
“Keep those, kiddo. They're from Holmes. He says the helmet didn't come in gold, so blue had to do.”
John looks up and with pure will straightens his back. He is every negative word Sebastian can find in his vocabulary.
The Greaser leans down and kisses him and John, happy that the fight appears to be over before it properly began, is not late to reciprocate.
The jeans are rough against his sore skin when Sherlock guides him down on his lap, but the pain drowns in the ocean of feelings all overwhelming John simultaneously. Sherlock's arm forms a backrest and his shoulder a support for John's head even though John cannot relax enough to keep it there when Sherlock's hand slowly travels up his naked thigh. It brushes his skin, gently and affectionately, but when John looks up at Sherlock with bated breath he sees hungry possessiveness, not affection, in the Greaser's eyes.
The Greaser's long fingers card through John's hair and he nearly gives in to the urge to sigh. His blue eyes seek Sherlock's and he slowly licks his lips which still carry the taste of the other boy.
Sebastian who was assigned as his bodyguard, very appropriately so considering his prominent muscles, and who volunteered to stay even after his boss disappeared off to God knows where. Who showed John that even one of the most intimidating Greasers could pull his lips into a smile and who, after all, turned out to be rather friendly in his own somewhat clumsy way. Not to mention that Sebastian would be able to expel the demon haunting John.
“Tell him that you're here or you will get in trouble,” she whispers and yanks at his arm to get him to raise it before she quickly brushes her hand over her long braid. “Do it, John.”
Sherlock takes his hand and leads him inside, over the cobblestone, up the steps and through the squeaky door. The dark hallway makes the hair on John's neck stand. It is dark despite the bright sun outside and he can see dust whirl in the few sun rays that manages to break through the layer of dirt on the windows. His heart beats faster when a pair of decisive steps joins the sound of theirs and Sherlock's hand leaves his. Swallowing thickly, John looks up at him, only to be completely ignored as Sherlock's gaze is drawn to and locked at the doorway where a lanky figure soon appears. He walks with confidence and, like Sherlock, does not seem to mind the obscurity. With soft curls in need of a proper wash and with shadows falling underneath his eyes on the pearly skin he looks like a blond Sherlock, cheekbones sharp and face emaciated.
John’s job was to secure Sherlock's safety, make sure whoever had done this would not get to him. Beyond that, he needed to make sure Sherlock was stocked up on supplies: bottles of water, easy to prepare foods, emergency contraception (just in case the worst happened-if whoever did this somehow got to him, John wanted to lower their chances of impregnating Sherlock), heat aids to ease the urge to mate.
Mycroft tilted his head in the slightest acknowledgement, his opinion of the doctor changing yet again as he was reminded once more why John Watson was the perfect mate for his brother.
Sherlock held on tight, eyes squeezed shut, a heated thrill running through his body, causing him to arch forward, rutting slightly against John. He whimpered as he felt John’s hand drift up the back of his thigh and inwards, one finger sliding between his cheeks and settling against his hole. John continued kissing him, then his hands disappeared for a moment as he squirted lube onto his fingers. His slicked up finger returned, just pressing slightly against his hole, and Sherlock heard the thunk of the lube bottle hitting the floor before John’s other hand came to toy with his nipple.
John swore as he found himself struggling to hold a limp Sherlock as his own body orgasmed, knot locking him inside of Sherlock even as the Omega slid boneless against the shower wall. He braced them in place, waiting patiently for his blissed out lover to recover enough to hold on tightly before carrying him to bed, not bothering with towels.
“Well, now that’s settled, I’ve made us some breakfast. I don’t know about you, but I’ve somehow worked up an incredible appetite.” he tossed a wink over his shoulder and carried the plates to the table.
“Like this?” John asked, rocking his hips forward in a way that rubbed their leaking cocks against one another.
“You’re not upset about my using your things?” Sherlock was watching John from the side of his eyes.
John groaned and leaned in to bite Sherlock’s arse. Then he thrust two fingers into Sherlock, scissoring and twisting.
John rushed to the door, glaring down the stairs before grabbing the bags and hauling them to the table. He then turned back to the door, shutting and locking it before returning to the bags and digging through them. He pulled out a packet of medication, opening it and popping a couple of pills out of the blister packaging.
Last night, he’d nearly convinced himself Sherlock didn't know what was going on. There had been a flash of vulnerable uncertainty on his face during the row they'd had (the one that sent John out for a night at the pub with Stamford). But it had disappeared as quickly as it had appeared, and Sherlock had continued to hurl invective at him until he'd finally thrown his hands up and left. After that, he'd reminded himself there was no way Sherlock Holmes of all people was unaware that he'd stopped taking his suppressants. Yes, the man could be incredibly dismissive of things he found unimportant (no matter how important they seemed to others), but seeing as how they were incredibly important in his everyday life, there was no way he'd deleted suppressants or what would happen if he stopped taking them.
Sometimes, he couldn’t help the ache for more. The longing to know what it would be like for John to hold his hand while they walked through the park, or for them to exchange casual kisses over breakfast, or, in this instance, to have John toy with his hair while he rested his head in John’s lap. Just that. Not as a precursor to sex; simply because Sherlock wanted to be physically close to John, and John wanted to give affection to Sherlock.
John groaned, then leaned forward, tugging Sherlock’s leg higher before sliding his hand under his arse, lifting him slightly and pressing him harder against the door.
Sherlock couldn’t reply, merely whimpering and arching against John, wanting him to hurry up and start moving already. John got the hint, slowly rolling his hips against Sherlock, steadily picking up the rhythm until Sherlock was practically bouncing on his dick against the door. Sherlock’s own cock was sliding between the two of them, leaking precum across both of their stomachs. His back arched as he felt his orgasm approaching, his toes beginning to curl as his thighs tightened around John.
He began scenting Sherlock again, mouth and nose trailing against his heated skin, leaving a trail of gooseflesh in his wake. When he reached Sherlock's nipples, he latched onto one and began circling the other with his thumb.
Sherlock nearly snorted in amusement. Mycroft was only offering him the same choices John himself had. But it seemed his Alpha balked at anyone else making such a suggestion to
“I know what you need, love.” John's low, confident voice sent a shiver snaking down Sherlock's spine.
John tensed as the reality of the situation hit him in the gut. He was standing in a coat closet, next to The World’s Only Consulting Detective, hiding from the suspect whose home office they had been searching just moments before. When they’d heard someone coming, Sherlock had shoved John into the closet and joined him, dragging the closet door mostly closed just as the office door had opened, letting in two men-the suspect and a younger man.
“Just marking a few things while we look for a good picture. I think you’ll be able to hear the heartbeat just. Here.” He smiled at them again as a throbbing staticky sound filled the air, and then pressed a button again. The sound echoed as the wand shifted. “Oh. There’s two! Congratulations! Twins!”
At that, John couldn’t resist anymore. He stepped forward, pulling the Omega into his arms, one arm at his back, one behind his head, guiding him to John’s neck. The hand on his back rubbed soothing circles, the one at his nape began combing through the hair there.
“Seriously, though, love. Anything. Anytime. Anywhere.” John pressed quick kisses to his lips in between each word.
“So, it wasn’t just the high pitch.” Sherlock’s voice sounded smugly pleased. “Does it have to be vocalization? What if I were to just pant desperately in your ear?”
Sherlock frowned down at his drink, unable to keep watching. John hadn’t been on a date since that first night they’d had sex. In fact, Sherlock had begun to hope that John considered them to be in a relationship. He regularly slept in Sherlock’s bed now. They sat together on the couch 32% more often than before, either wrapped up together watching television, or simply pressed together as John worked on his laptop and Sherlock worked on a case. They exchanged affection casually and frequently, at home and in public. They had sex nearly every night, and even on nights when they didn’t have sex, John would still climb in bed with Sherlock and hold him (Sherlock secretly sometimes liked those nights the best, as on those nights he could almost believe that John loved him, just for him and just as he was).
Sherlock froze in place, violin bow inches from strings as his eyes focused, laser sharp on his brother’s face.
Sherlock's already dilated pupils darkened further at John’s possessive growl. His legs spread wide, welcoming John's hard body against his own.
Shortly, they would be moved from the birthing room to a private family room, with a large bed (big enough to accommodate all four of them and then some) with all the amenities, courtesy of Mycroft. Sherlock would need to rest. Their babies would need to be weighed, reflexes tested, drops placed in their eyes and all the other little things that came after delivery. But right now, in this moment, it was just the four of them. John looked at his family and felt his heart fill to the brim. This was it. This was all he could ever want in this world.
Once inside, John had steered him into the sitting room and ordered him to strip. Sherlock had complied quickly, eagerly. John had seated himself on the white couch, unzipping his fly and taking his cock out before calling Sherlock over with a pat to his lap. Once Sherlock was straddling him, John positioned him so that he was up on his knees and reached between his legs to pull the plug out. He wasted no time on playing with Sherlock this time, instead immediately pulling Sherlock down onto his cock. They both groaned as Sherlock sank down.
Sherlock smiled against John, breathing deeply and dragging in his scent. In moments, he drifted off to sleep again.
“John. She’s so beautiful.” Sherlock’s voice was reverent as he carefully held their daughter close, encouraging her to root and suckle as her brother had just over a quarter hour ago. He couldn’t seem to tear his gaze away from her tiny fingers.
Sherlock was silent for so long, John thought he wasn't going to answer. Then he felt more than heard a mumbled response pressed to his neck.
Now, he realized that he was romanticizing their relationship. They had never spoken about what they were doing, never defined what this new relationship was. What’s more, they hadn’t ever spoken about being exclusive. John was free to pick up women at bars if he wanted to. But Sherlock felt as though he was dying inside at the thought that John wanted to. Why wasn’t he enough? What had he done to drive John away? Just this morning, they’d slept late, and when they’d woken, John had insisted the stay in bed and snuggle awhile.
Sherlock frowned. On the one hand, he really didn’t want to put any pressure on his poor nipples. On the other, John was a doctor, who no doubt knew how to deal with all sorts of bodily malfunctions. He nodded.
The sounds of John in the kitchen woke him. Early morning light slipped between the curtains, and he pulled the pillow over his head with a groan as he burrowed into the bed. Unconsciously, he tuned into the sounds of John making breakfast, the soft thud of a cupboard followed by the clank of a pan being set on the burner giving away his position in the kitchen.
Sherlock followed, then allowed himself to be drawn into John’s arms. John wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him close, resting his other hand on his shoulder by sliding it up his back. They began to sway to the beat, the dance so much more casual than any Sherlock had ever had shared, yet seemingly infinitely more intimate. John tilted his head, looking up at Sherlock, face serious.
“Now, you climb into that lovely nest and make yourself comfortable. I am going to get a few supplies in here. Then you need to sleep.”
John worked his way up Sherlock's body. He had just sucked the Omega off, and wanted to snog a bit before leaving him in bed to make tea and toast. When he finally moved from Sherlock's neck to nuzzle his chin and then cheeks, he froze in surprise. Salty tracks marked Sherlock's face, giving away the fact that he had been crying. John pulled back, trying to meet Sherlock's eyes, a goal that was made impossible by Sherlock's refusal to look back.
John pulled the three fingers he had been working Sherlock open with out of him, then slid that hand down to his knee, pulling it tighter against his waist. His other hand grabbed at Sherlock’s other leg, and suddenly he found himself in exactly the position he had dreamed of, legs wrapped tight around John’s waist as he was braced against the door by John’s strong arms and hard body. John had slid a hand under Sherlock’s thigh, reaching under to align himself with Sherlock’s hole. He hadn’t even noticed John lubing up his cock, but by the slick slide of him as he pressed into Sherlock ever so slowly, he had clearly liberally lubed himself up recently.
“Oh, really?” Sherlock cut John off. “ Then why haven't you?” By the end of the question, his voice was less derisive and more waveringly vulnerable. He swallowed hard and looked away.
Minutes after their return, Lestrade and a few uniforms were entering the room, placing the suspect and the younger man under arrest. Sherlock explained to Lestrade, the suspect’s wife and John that the suspect’s lover was the missing intern, that they had embezzled from the company and had planned to disappear together. His explanation of how he had solved the puzzle left John exclaiming in admiration, the suspect’s wife in tears, and  Lestrade slightly disgruntled at the added paperwork necessitated by John and Sherlock’s unofficial undercover work at the party.
John held him close against his chest as they came down from the rush, licking at his neck while a low rumble of pleasure emanated from his chest. After a while, he pulled back enough to tilt them on their sides, spooning up behind Sherlock and wrapping his arm tightly across his chest, burying his face in Sherlock’s nape as they drifted off.
After what could have been mere moments or much longer, John stepped back. Sherlock straightened, chewing his lip as he waited for John's next move. Having no experience in this area, he was relying on John to lead him through this.
John came awake as only a soldier could, instantly alert. His arms came up to wrap around Sherlock and he rolled them over, pinning Sherlock under him safely even as he scanned the room for danger. His eyes widened and his mouth dropped open as Sherlock's scent hit him.
He knew it was too much to ask for, but he was having a hard time convincing himself to not shift closer, to not press against John’s side and slouch down on the couch, slowly moving towards his goal…he must’ve shifted or made a move without realizing, because John suddenly turned to look at him.
“You. Are. Mine.” John growled out each word in time with his thrusts. “Mine. Only. Mine. No. One. Else. Just. Me.” and then John was coming again, groaning long and deep as he buried his face against Sherlock’s sweat slicked chest.
Sherlock took the pills and swallowed them dry, only hesitating for a fraction of a second as his Omega side declared that it wanted to mate, bond, breed. But obviously John did not want to breed, so Sherlock swallowed the pills.
provided, wanting to be close to John (they sat closer to one another in the last few days than they ever had before), the noticeable increase in the frequency of touches Sherlock bestowed upon him-from seemingly accidental brushes of skin in passing to actually resting his head on John's shoulder while they watched a movie.
Sherlock sat stock still, processing. John’s hand rubbed up and down his side, and slowly Sherlock relaxed against him. After about ten minutes, he let himself slide down just a bit, slouching against John’s side as he tucked his legs up onto the couch. Ever so slowly over the next ten minutes, he slid down, down, down, until finally, John shifted away a bit and pressed Sherlock’s head down onto his lap. Sherlock sighed and relaxed completely, curling his legs against his stomach. John’s hand rested against Sherlock’s head, and soon his fingers were combing through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes, drifting. His last thought before succumbing to sleep was that he hoped he could somehow convince John to do this again in the future.
Sherlock gasped as John slid inexorably home, impossibly hot and long and thick, filling him until he thought there was no more room, and then still more. He cried out in pleasure as John brushed against a bundle of nerves on his inner wall, a sort of secondary prostate that Omegas had, sending sparks of pleasure shooting to his extremities.
His mind still reeled at the events of the night before. He and John had entered a sexual relationship last night. More specifically, he had performed fellatio on John while John sat in his chair; then John had pulled Sherlock into his lap, opened his shirt and his flies and stroked him to completion while muttering things like gorgeous and sexy and that’s it love…Sherlock felt a hot blush steal over his body as he replayed the scene in his mind, recalling the warmth of John’s breath against his shoulder and neck, the heat of his hand against his cock, the intense focus on his face as he’d watched Sherlock climax…
“I want to hear your pleasure, Omega. I want to hear you whimper and moan and cry out. I want to hear you beg and scream and shout.”
Sherlock ducked his head as heat stained his cheeks. John slid his hand to Sherlock’s nape, pulling him close to rest on John’s shoulder. Once he was settled, John began rubbing slow circles across his back, occasionally running his hands down the outsides of Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock focused on breathing, every inhale pulling John’s musky scent deep into his lungs. He let himself drift, content to simply be held by John and breath him in.
John’s nose encountered the collar of Sherlock's t-shirt. He sat back, then lifted Sherlock by the shoulders. He tugged at the hem of Sherlock's shirt, drawing it up quickly.
Sherlock interrupted with a huff and  lifted his head from the couch, angling his head around. “What I need is to be left alone.”
As soon as the office door closed behind them, Sherlock burst out of the closet, pulling out his phone and texting furiously. He shot an inscrutable glance at John, then opened the door, checked to make sure the hall was clear, and motioned for John to follow. They were soon back in the main portion of the house, where the suspect was hosting a holiday party. His lover was across the room, serving appetizers to guests.
Sherlock rallied. Hiding in his room would accomplish nothing. He needed to know where they stood, and the only way to accomplish that was to face John.  He wrapped his sheet around himself and strode out of his room.
John slipped tantalizingly slowly into Sherlock before he began to roll his hips. John's long, thick cock dragged across Sherlock's prostate, a sensuous slide that had him keening in minutes. His head tossed against his coat, neck arching, hands bunching in the material beneath him.
Sherlock’s heart plummeted. Of course. John didn't want this. He could never want someone like Sherlock. An Omega who was practically the antithesis of the ideal. John had tried, had given Sherlock a chance, and he’d blown it with his obvious inexperience.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice came out thick. Sherlock’s eyes were drawn back to his face. John’s eyes shone, his face and unreadable mask of emotions. “Do you really think what we have is just some sort of fling? That I’m just using you for casual sex?”
But John had made it very clear he didn’t want to breed, to make a child with Sherlock. Why would he? Sherlock was just an ex junkie sociopath who had tricked John with hormones and trapped him in a bond that he’d never shown any indication of wanting before.
Sherlock wailed in pleasure as John drove deep and hard. His hands rose to the wall behind him as his back arched. He could only hold himself in place as John quickened his pace, driving them both hard and fast to the edge.
Even as John finished his sentence, the music changed. Sherlock didn’t recognize the song, it was something popular, but slow. It almost had a Jazz feel to it, and was clearly a slow song. He could hear a man singing almost immediately
Sherlock woke with a low moan, face buried in his pillow (only, there was something that smelled absolutely divine embedded in the material his face was pressed against), hips thrusting against the mattress, seeking friction for his hard cock. He whimpered as a delicious  fluttering occured low in his loins. He had always enjoyed this part of his pre-heat. All the pleasure with none of the desperate, aching, mindless wanting.
Anthea reappeared with a tea tray, and Mycroft was silent while she served. The Doctor however, chatted away. “Ooh lovely, and biscuits, wonderful! I can see why Mycroft likes you so much!” Mycroft raised an eyebrow, and Anthea, looking surprisingly flustered, left without a word.
It was about twenty minutes later when John’s breathing changed slightly, and his hand flexed in Sherlock’s. Sherlock watched him open his eyes, aware of an absurdly overwhelming feeling of relief. John blinked a few times dazedly, turned his head slightly, and looked at Sherlock. “Sher …” he whispered, and his eyes suddenly widened in alarm. “What happened to you?” he gasped, and started coughing, setting off an alarm on the machine recording his oxygen saturation level.
“I did not anticipate the alien targeting anyone outside of Sherlock and John’s immediate circle,” Mycroft admitted.
“Ow,” said Martin. Sherlock stared in horror, as the alien calmly pulled out the glass shard. He rubbed his chest. “Stings.” He backhanded Sherlock, knocking the man to the ground again. He quickly ran the glass across one arm, as the other man came running in. “He cut me!” complained Martin, making a show of holding his arm. “What were you doing? Were you asleep?”
Sherlock huffed in irritation. “Why would someone want to hurt John? Even those aliens were less interested in killing him than finding out where their rock was! What is their motive?”
“Molecular bonding,” said the Doctor. He snatched up what looked like a piece of cloth from a polished wooden table that looked strangely out of place in that technological setting, and handed it to Sherlock.
He found the Doctor standing before one of the control console panels, while a view panel showed apparently empty space. “Found it!” said the Doctor exultantly.
The thudding continued. “Doctor Watson?” called Sally’s voice. “Are you okay? Please open the door.” There was another thud. “Can you hear me?”
“Never mind that,” said John. “Come and see this.” He went back towards the store room before Sherlock could even open his mouth, so he got up with a sigh and followed. Anything would have to be better than the drivel he’d just been reading. He entered the store room and stopped. The crate John had first spotted was now open, and displayed a row of shiny guns. Another crate had the same, and a third looked like it was packed with semtex. John was in the process of levering the top off a fourth crate. “Detonators,” he announced. He turned around. “Amateurs?”
Anthea nodded, and left the room without further discussion. He indulged in a moment of self-recrimination for grossly underestimating the situation. The problem was that he could see no flaw in his information. Had Sherlock been too cocky, too careless? Or had he missed something? Well, the re-check should uncover any issues.
“I think the driver’s dead,” said Rory, noticing the distant figure of John move from the front seat immediately to the passenger in the back.
“Obviously.” He felt himself cringe slightly in expectation of a blow. And wasn’t that embarrassing, he thought.
“Andrew Martin was quite human,” Mycroft said. “The alien we are searching was impersonating Andrew Martin.”
Detective Inspector Donovan entered a seedy pub late in the evening. She had been contacted by an informant she occasionally used, who claimed to have vital information on a current case. Donovan was not hopeful, as the man was a petty criminal who she could not imagine would know anything about the white-collar fraud case she was currently investigating. However, you never knew, so she made the trip, making sure that the office was notified of where she was going and why.
“There’s an injury in the neck,” said Sherlock. “Also a small cut on the arm, but he can hide that easily enough.”
The Doctor smiled. “Not exactly.” He turned towards an inner door. “Come on. The Yrani device has a particular energy signature that I may be able to trace.” He grinned over his shoulder. “And I’ll happily tell you all about that.”
John stared at him for a moment, before starting to laugh. This led to coughing, and Sherlock fetched him a glass of water. “Thanks,” John croaked. “God this is annoying.” He rubbed his chest, and stood up. “Have to lie down,” he explained. “Think I need to sleep again.” He climbed back into the bed. “Wish I wasn’t so tired.” He looked over at Sherlock. “You must be very bored.”
Sherlock began to poke at the keys painfully. His bruised and swollen eyes made visibility limited, and he hunched towards the screen in an effort to see what he was doing.
The Doctor interrupted again, making Sherlock bristle. “Your brother thinks you are still in danger, that the Yrani may have made promises to others that he can only keep by handing you over.”
Greg was bored. He knew Mycroft was right, and that he’d rather be there than watching telly in a safe house away from the action, but he’d always found checking CCTV footage profoundly tedious, however necessary. When he received a text from Mycroft asking him to come to his office, he jumped up at once. When he entered. he found Mycroft in conversation with Anthea and a man in a suit. “You wanted me?” he asked.
Greg sat at the desk he’d been assigned in Mycroft’s department, frowning at the text messages he’d received the previous night. There was something odd, something he couldn’t put his finger on. He picked up the landline and dialled Sally’s number. The phone rang out. He frowned again. It should have gone to voicemail. Greg then rang another number, and spoke to Donovan’s sergeant, who said Detective Inspector Donovan had called in sick. Greg thanked them and hung up. She hadn’t mentioned being ill the previous evening, but everyone gets ill occasionally. He read through the text messages again. He then sent another text. Are you okay? While he waited for a reply, he reviewed the previous messages, wondering what it was that bothered him. It was odd she’d have such a conversation via text, as she would normally have phoned. Suddenly it hit him. Sherlock. She’d called him Sherlock. Not Freak. She never called him Sherlock. Lestrade had been at her for years to stop calling him Freak but at best she occasionally referred to him as Holmes. He had been mildly surprised she’d even referred to Sherlock on the message. Getting slow, Greg, he told himself, as he got up and went looking for Mycroft.
“Something did,” said the Doctor, a slight smile on his face as he studied Mycroft. “Something happened there that wasn’t supposed to happen. So I went there to find out, only to find your people crawling all over it. So what are you looking for?”
“I may die of boredom before this night is over,” Sherlock grumbled, and muttered something about fat gits thinking they’re funny. John was silent, letting him fume.
Amid his brother’s suppressed gasps and cries of pain, Mycroft heard him say, “puce,” on two separate occasions, and “fake,” once.  After the screen finally went blank, a list appeared, of classified information the group were demanding. Mycroft, compartmentalizing his emotions for later, considered the list. Groups of this nature do not usually ask for this kind of thing. The whole thing was odd. And John’s absence … the most obvious answer was that he was not seen as necessary. Mycroft knew what John’s loss would do to Sherlock.
It was surprisingly difficult to suppress the urge to gulp, but John managed, and sipped the water. This brought on another paroxysm of coughing that left him feeling faint. There was another burst of loud groaning from the central console, a clunk, and the column stopped moving. “We’re here,” said the Doctor.
An hour later, Mycroft’s phone pinged with an incoming message from Sherlock’s phone. It contained the words “Little brother tried to run. He won’t be doing that again in a hurry.” There was a photo, of the soles of Sherlock’s feet, covered in cuts. Mycroft closed the photo, and then made a call. “Anthea, I am sending to you another communication from Sherlock’s phone. Please have it analysed.” He forwarded the message, and then sighed. Please hold on, Sherlock, he thought. I’ll find you.
Greg finished his brandy. “Well, I’d better pack up and go home. And I need to go and see Sally’s parents.”
“I’m sorry you had to go through that.” John picked up Sherlock’s splinted hand. He stroked lightly over his thumb. “Handcuffs?”
Mycroft smiled slightly, even as he continued to talk to one of his staff. “What surveillance do you have in place?”
John was contemplating a tray of breakfast in the early morning without much enthusiasm. “I know you don’t feel like eating,” said the nurse. “If you just try a little bit it’ll be a start.” John nodded, and began to pick at the plate of scrambled egg in front of him. It was at that moment there was commotion from the other bed.
In the end it was all over in minutes. Only one of the two men pulled a gun, and he was shot and killed instantly. The other surrendered, begging not to be shot. After checking the rest of the house, Greg and one of the men descended to the cellar, still being careful, but they found it empty except for Sherlock. Andrew Martin was not there.
“He’s right,” Sherlock interjected, his protectiveness coming out. “You should be resting. My git of a brother and bow-tie man here can leave.”
“The man who saved me, Sherlock,” John said, “so be nice.” Mycroft smirked at Sherlock’s expression, as John said, “I didn’t get a chance to thank you.”
Lestrade had his gun out, standing between John and the door. The handle shook again, and then there was a thud, as if someone had tried to force the door.
… And he was in a cellar, though whether it was in the same house or elsewhere he wasn’t sure. He was still bound hand and foot, and could barely move. His mind was screaming John John John … He knew he was sobbing incoherently but he could not stop, could not even think. He must have passed out again at some point, and when he awoke there was a glimmer of light through a tiny window. This time he was calm, numb. He needed to escape, and then he needed to kill the monster calling itself Andrew Martin. Afterwards … well, there was no afterwards. He would follow John.
He returned to the cellar where the human prisoner had been placed, to find one of his followers outside the door with a mug of coffee. Martin wrinkled his nose. “Must you drink that disgusting stuff?” he demanded.
The Doctor grinned. “You don’t have the physics.” He went on before Sherlock could object. “Would you like to know why you couldn’t have removed the Yrani’s watch?”
Sherlock was lying in bed, the file he’d been given by Mycroft discarded on the table next to him. He was watching John, whose bed had been wheeled into the room a little over an hour previously. He’d been asleep since then, but Sherlock had only been left alone for about ten minutes, after Greg went off to sleep in an actual bed (his words) and Sherlock was regarded as being safe to leave now John had been rescued. Sherlock judged the distance between the beds. Yes, he could manage that.
Mycroft could hear Lestrade’s voice from the corridor before he even entered the room. “Yeah, well maybe MISTER Holmes could try phoning people instead of kidnapping them off the street!”
The first thing he saw was Sherlock, stripped to his underwear and tied to a chair. Bruises covered his face and torso. Two men were flanking him, who Mycroft registered as being members of the group Sherlock was investigating. There was no sign of John. A voice came from off the screen. “This is Andrew Martin.”
Outside the door, Mycroft was saying, “Thank you for your assistance, Doctor. I trust my little brother wasn’t any trouble?”
“It was the watch,” Sherlock added. “According to the information we have, they have technology that can make them look like someone else. As long as it wears the watch, it will look like the person whose appearance has been loaded on the watch.”
“Why aren’t they keeping an eye on this lot?” asked John testily. “Why are there no guards?” He started heading for the door. “We need to leave, and we need to report this to Mycroft.”
Mycroft opened his mouth to object, but the Doctor forestalled him. “Andrew Martin, the real Andrew Martin, is probably dead, I’m afraid. But Mycroft? John Watson is not dead, not yet, anyway.” He disappeared into the TARDIS, which soon dematerialised.
Lestrade looked dumbfounded. “You think this has something to do with John and Sherlock’s disappearance.”
Amy looked around. “Here?” she asked dubiously. Moments later there was a crash, the distinct sound from the street below of a car accident. Rory got to his feet, but the Doctor put a restraining hand on his arm.
The Doctor shrugged, and bounded ahead, waving around the device they had created. “Here we are!” he said cheerfully, heading immediately into the room on the left, after unlocking it with another device he took out of his pocket. I want that, thought Sherlock, and spared an amused thought for what John would have thought about walking straight into a room where a dangerous alien might be waiting. However he heard no voices or sounds of violence, so he concentrated on negotiating the remaining stairs, and then followed the Doctor into the run down flat. There was no one there. “It must be making a lot of money,” said the Doctor. “So why is it living here?”
During lunch John takes his sandwich and leaves his friends behind as he sits down under his and Sherlock's tree. He leans against the rough trunk and looks out over the school as he waits for Sherlock to join him, but the Greaser never shows up. John sees him by his car, smoking a cigarette and talking to Greg, who looks so upset that he eventually leaves and Sherlock puts out the cigarette against the sole of his shoe. The Greaser's gaze seems to scan the school area with exception of the part where John sits and then he saunters off, leaving John to finish his lunch without a big hand stroking through his hair.
“You are doing so well, my Golden Boy,” Sherlock murmurs and slowly withdraws the fingers from the depth of John's body. Cold air immediately sweeps down to fill the emptiness Sherlock left behind, making John's rim flutter.
“Hands on the desk,” Sherlock orders him firmly and guides John up on his toes to have a better angle as he begins to thrust with earnest. “You're mine.”
The bed moves slightly when Sherlock leans forward and presses his lips against the low of John's back, breathing heavier than usual when his lips part and his tongue gently laps John's skin.
Mr. Stokes nods and reaches for a piece of paper. He hands it to John once he has scribbled a couple of lines on it and gives John's hand a squeeze.
John stares at the mark on his buttocks, blinks a few times and stares again. Just to be sure. The letters are angular, as if they have been carved into a bench down at the Old Forest Grounds by a young couple in love, but he cannot lie to himself.
I am back after a veeeery long break! Has it really been two years since I posted chapter 11? Time flies. I would like to thank everyone who has sent me kudos even though the story appeared to be dead. It warmed my heart every time I received the email notification, so thank you!
John sees his note disappear into a pocket of the leather jacket and his hand closes in a desperate but silent wish to take it back. Somehow, the Greaser’s muscles are defined even underneath the bulky jacket and once the teen straightens up to his full height and towers above John he is sure that even Sherlock would feel short in comparison.
Sebastian is waiting for him outside the door, leaning against the wall with a grumpy pout that would have been cute on a child but looks directly fatal on a tall and strong teenager. John cannot remember misbehaving, but he cannot help but think that Sherlock gave him Sebastian as a horrifying punishment. Unless, of course, the Greaser is sent to him as a bodyguard with the purpose of intimidating Mr. Stokes. Regardless of Sherlock's true intentions, John disagrees.
Sherlock huffs, perhaps amused, perhaps annoyed. John cannot tell which when the Greaser steps into his field of vision and those long legs stretch out as Sherlock joins him on the grass. The teen’s face is an indecipherable mask. “You are allowed to talk.”
Even the man's voice is bored and it sends a shiver of unease through John's body. He waits for the man to continue with an explanation, but silence has once again fallen over them and John clears his throat.
John shakes his head and looks down with a smile that tells the dirty floor just how tired he is of the rumour. “Sherlock did not kill Carl Powers. His death was an accident, everyone knows that.”
The door of the materialised police box flew open and a young man in an old-fashioned jacket wearing a bow-tie bounced out. “Mycroft! Long time no see!”
Martin had a laptop in front of him, and seemed to be reading something. “I’ve been having a look at Doctor Watson’s blog,” he said finally. Sherlock had locked his grief away behind a secure door in his mind palace, but at these words it made a massive attempt to break out, and he only quelled it with great difficulty. “Apparently, you’re really good at breaking into things, like other people’s computer systems.” He gave a small smile. “Sherlock … I can call you Sherlock, can’t I?”
He brought up the file, and turned it to Greg, who watched it, swearing several times. When it finished he sat in stunned silence. “Jesus!” he muttered finally.
“What else is there?” said the Yrani. “He offered me a way back home but there’s nothing there for me. But money buys me luxury here. “
“Sorry, Mycroft. The Trickster doesn’t even exist in this reality, so he’s not a threat in the physical sense. He is very fond of messing with time, however. He always works through intermediaries, but the price of a soul is usually a bit more costly than mere money.”
The Doctor smirked. “Spoilers.” Sherlock looked blank. The Doctor sighed. “There is a reason in the future, and I can’t tell you about your future for fear of changing it.”
Mycroft took a deep breath. “Please inform the Doctor that I am in my office and would be delighted to see him. He knows the way.” He hung up. I do not have time for this, he thought, even as a groaning, grinding sound filled the air.
Suddenly the door banged, making them both jump. What seemed to John like a dark blur rushed past them, heading for a circular construction that had various switches and lights on the surface. “Time to go!” There was a pounding at the door, making John look back at it in alarm. “Temper!” shouted the blur.
The Doctor shook his head. “No.” He tapped one of the tattoos. “Expelled.” He tapped another. “A prison term.” He looked up. “What did you do?”
Rory smiled. It had been a bit of a different adventure, but perhaps one of the most rewarding he’d experienced. “What are you smiling about?” asked Amy.
A nurse rushed in. “Mr Holmes, what are you doing out of bed?” she scolded, as she went to John’s side. She raised his bed a little more and dialled up his oxygen. “Deep breaths, Doctor Watson. In and out, that’s it.” When John was more relaxed, and the reading back where it should be, the nurse turned back to Sherlock. “You’ll tear your stitches,” she said. “If you haven’t already.”
The light wasn’t quite so harsh in here, and soon John managed to open his eyes a little more. He saw a man with brown hair and a kind face looking at him. “My name’s Rory Williams. I’m going to check you over, okay?”
Clever bastard, he thought, as he headed upstairs. It would have been a killing blow on a human, so it was a good attempt. He rubbed his chest again. That’s going to throb for a few days, he thought. How did he get the glass out of the cellar window without that fool hearing him?  Maybe a bit of a deterrent against escape attempts is in order, and send the brother the evidence too, just to hurry him along?
Greg raised his head and watched Mycroft go. “Doesn’t he ever sleep?” he grumbled, getting up. “Hey, sunshine. I heard … alien? Really?” Sherlock groaned in reply. “Mate, I think he was right about pain relief. I’ll get a nurse, alright?”
Mycroft stood up, and said, “I think this situation needs something stronger than bad coffee.” He beckoned to Greg to follow him to his office. He poured out two glasses of brandy. Lestrade took one.
Martin had become an expert at picking the humans who loved feeling powerful and enjoyed hurting their fellows, and had quickly singled out the ones in this group that would follow his instructions in this area, making them his inner circle. Obnoxious creatures, but they did the job. “Good.” He grinned back dutifully. “Let’s see how he is.”
Mycroft nodded. “Molly and Mrs Hudson will be happy to return home as well, I am sure. John and Sherlock still need medical attention, so may as well stay here for it. Until they insist on leaving, anyway.”
Mycroft sat at his desk, pretending to work and that he was not waiting for the phone to ring. When it finally rang he answered it quickly and listened. “The entire store is empty, sir,” said a voice at the other end. “Our forensics people are processing.”
“We will,” said one of the medics. Soon enough they injected him with something, sedative or pain killer he was not sure, and then made ready to move him.
Sherlock scrutinized him carefully, feeling a surge of frustration that he could not read the man. Alien, he reminded himself. He could not read the Yrani, and he could not read the Doctor. “Explain.”
“Well, that’s good,” said Greg, and sipped his whiskey. He chewed on his lip, and hesitated a moment before asking, “Is John … dead, do you think?”
“Yes,” said Mycroft. “They want classified information.” Suddenly he decided to show the Doctor the video. He hadn't had a chance to consider, but there was something very odd about it.
He was about to try and go back to work when his phone signalled an incoming text, which seemed to be from Sherlock’s mobile. Mycroft immediately ran another trace on Sherlock’s phone, but could still find no signal. Odd. Nobody in that group, including Andrew Martin, was that technologically adept. Did they hire someone? That could be traceable. He scanned the file for malware, and then opened it, to find a video file measuring 3 minutes. Bracing himself, he started the file.
“About an hour ago, we received word that a CCTV hack had been discoverd. This of course does happen occasionally, but this particular breach was narrowed down to specific locations. Baker Street, St Bartholomew’s Hospital, New Scotland Yard, your street, Dr Hooper’s street.”
“There’s a medical floor in the building, Detective Inspector,” said one of the medics. “He’ll be well taken care of, and it’ll be secure.”
“Yep,” said the Doctor, and Sherlock turned around at the sudden change of tone. “We know what it’s currently looking like.”
Rory suddenly remembered something. “You said you needed my expertise. Oh god, have they tortured him?”
“Hm,” said the Doctor. “forty-fifth century.” He turned to Mycroft. “The Yrani were very militarized for some centuries, due in part to a squabble with a neighbouring planet. Everyone was given some sort of military training.” He looked back at Treschlkt. “You’re obviously not trained in infiltration, because this attempt was ham-fisted at best.” The Yrani scowled at him. The Doctor continued. “May I see your wrists?”
The Doctor nodded. “The Moldovans have plenty of gold deposits and are quite rich. They must have paid the Yrani in gold. Mycroft’s people are looking into that.”
The Doctor considered this for a moment. “Hmm, probably not. The perception will include the injury, whether the Yrani wants it to or not. Where is he injured?”
John sighed, sitting down in the chair that had been next to his bed. “You said when I first woke up, that you thought I’d died.”
Rory reluctantly resumed his seat. Amy was craning her head to look down at the street below. Two cars, one a taxi, were currently wrapped around each other in the intersection they were overlooking. There was a fair bit of shouting and car horns blaring. A small crowd had gathered to stare, with only a few approaching the cars trying to help.
Sherlock was taken aback. He often answered people’s questions before they were asked, but he was not used to being on the receiving end. “Gold,” he echoed.
“Oh,” John whispered. Sherlock raised John’s hand to his lips, and kissed it. John stroked his cheek. “I’m sorry, love,” he said. His eyes drooped.
Thomas dragged Sherlock roughly back to the cell and tied him to the pipe, doling out a few kicks and blows along the way. When he finally left, Sherlock lay gasping against the wall, unable to repress a small smile. Your people had better be awake, Mycroft, he thought. You’d have to be as blind as a bat not to notice what I just did.
There were footsteps, and supportive hands helping him up gently. “Easy, mate,” said another voice, also blessedly English. “Lean on me. That’s it.” John squinted at him. Looks human. Feels real.   He tried to move his feet. It was hard. “It’s not far,” said the man. “Nearly there. You can rest in a minute.”
Donovan raised an eyebrow. Uncharacteristic. Dennis was a stingy sod normally. “That’s very generous of you,” she said suspiciously. “I’ll pass. What have you got for me, Dennis?”
The man nodded. “We are tapping his phones and computer. We are pulling previous phone and email records. He is being watched and followed. Three tails, sir, and they have the dossier of all Martin’s known contacts. They have been instructed to follow up on anyone the suspect meets, and to notify us immediately if Martin or any of his group are sighted.”
“Where …” He broke off as something came into view in front of him. Bipedal, puce coloured skin, not any kind of human being. Sherlock blinked in surprise. “What are you?” he asked.
The attempted computer infiltration was investigated immediately. As per policy, the computer IP address was identified and traced back to its location. A team was despatched for initial observation. When they phoned in to say they had photographed someone in the yard of the house they had under surveillance, and sent the picture for checking, it immediately flagged alarms, and was sent to the head of their section. He in turn called Mycroft.
“In 2008, Dr John Hamish Watson, RAMC, was seconded to UNIT for a period of three months while in Afghanistan. What for?”
Sherlock slept for a while, before going for another stroll in his stolen wheelchair (which nobody had repossessed yet). When he returned, John was awake and standing looking out of the window. John glanced down at him as he came up beside him. “Where did you get that wheelchair?” His voice sounded cracked and breathless. Sherlock didn’t like it.
“If you are referring to the man who was with you, he was not needed, so I killed him,” said the creature casually. “Shot him in the head, to be exact.”
Sherlock snorted derisively. “Terrorists! They’re a group of amateurs who dream and talk a lot and do nothing. They only turned up on Mycroft’s radar when a known agitator took over the group. HE just wants to know what this Andrew Martin is intending. Dull!”
He and John had pretended to be new clients, and Sherlock had solved the case within an hour. It had been easy enough to pick out the coat check, bartender and busboy that were working as a team to swipe client cards and keys. Sherlock had texted the owner and Lestrade; the staff responsible had been taken away discretely for questioning. The owner had insisted Sherlock and John stay and enjoy drinks on the house, and they had stayed. They’d been here nearly an hour since then, and now John had wandered across the softly lit dance room to chat up some woman.
Just as he thought he might actually explode from the sensation, John stilled. Sherlock opened his eyes, surprised to find he’d closed them. John’s expression was predatory, possessive. When Sherlock’s eyes met his, a wicked grin spread across John’s face.
“But it's been hours. And I can feel the hormones receding. I'm still horny, but I'm not dying to be fucked.”
“To the pub. Mike mentioned he and some mates would be out for the night. Might be late. I've got my phone, though.”
was providing him food. Whenever he ate something John had cooked or bought just for him, a small glow of warmth, not dissimilar to the glow of warmth he felt when John praised his deductions with outbursts of amazing and brilliant, filled his chest. And when John noticed him eating and made approving noises or, worse, smiled at him, that feeling only intensified. He hated it (
He undressed Sherlock slowly, placing soft kisses to his skin as it was revealed. Once Sherlock was nude, John guided him to the bed and laid him down. He sat on the bed, near Sherlock’s head, reaching out to comb his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock smiled up at him dreamily.
John arched up off the chair, his come splattering across Sherlock’s chest and abdomen as he was still knelt over John, breathing hotly in his ear. And then Sherlock was dropping down, straddling John’s leg as he began canting his hips, grinding himself desperately against John’s thigh as he breathed hotly in John’s ear, hands gripping John’s shoulders almost painfully. Before John could gather himself enough to lend a hand, Sherlock’s hips stuttered and he groaned, long and low, making John’s dick twitch and leak weakly in his lap as Sherlock’s own release soaked his thigh.Then they were both panting, boneless in the chair.
Sherlock’s hand slid down John’s arm, clasping his hand and tugging. John allowed himself to be dragged down the hall to Sherlock’s room by the nervous Omega. When they reached the doorway, Sherlock stopped and shot a glance at John before opening the door and stepping to the side.
John continued to lick and lave, grunting in pleasure at the delicious taste of Sherlock's slick. Soon Sherlock was begging to be filled, needing much more than John's tongue to fill the ache within.
When he didn’t respond to John's question, John stepped closer. Sherlock held his breath, waiting for John's rejection. No doubt he would try to be kind, which somehow only made it worse.
Sherlock felt slick gush down his thigh as John draped over his back; hot, hard cock pressed between his cheeks, arms bracketing his own, face pressing against Sherlock's spine. His hot breath puffed out in bursts, his chest heaving against Sherlock’s back as John struggled to retain control. That wouldn’t do. Sherlock wanted John to claim him, to take him, to own him. He circled his hips as he pressed back, letting loose a long moan.
Sherlock remained stubbornly turned away, ignoring John as if he weren't even there. John sighed, lying down behind his Omega, reaching his arm out cautiously to wrap around his waist. When he wasn't immediately ejected from their bed, he leaned in close to press a kiss behind Sherlock’s ear, taking a moment to scent him deeply before whispering in his ear.
Even as he felt a smile spread across his face, doubt crept in. Had they really entered a sexual relationship? Or had it been a one off? Would John act like nothing had happened? Or would he give an apologetic “that was nice, but don’t count on it happening again” speech? Or worse, did he regret that it had happened? Would he apologize, tell Sherlock that he hadn’t meant to do that, that he would be moving out now since Sherlock had ruined everything?
Sherlock groaned in frustration and attempted to throw the offending shirt across the room.  When it merely fluttered to the ground a few feet away, he stomped over, picked it up, wadded it into a ball and hurled it across the room. The small sense of satisfaction he gained in watching it sail across the room was short lived as he caught sight of his naked torso in the full length mirror. It had been bad enough when his trousers wouldn’t button two days ago. But now his shirts (which, admittedly had always been tight) wouldn’t fit either.
“We never discussed being an exclusive couple. If you choose to seek sexual release elsewhere, that is your right. I apologize. I understand that I’ve no right to be jealous.” he managed around a tight throat.
Sherlock finally met John’s eyes. John’s heart dropped at the fear and resignation in Sherlock’s face, the despair in his eyes. Clearly this was not happy news for the Omega.
“Just stupid Omega hormones.” Sherlock's voice attempted disdain, but grief and a touch of fear still came through loud and clear to John, who had made a point to learn to read the nuances of Sherlock.
When Sherlock was finished twitching and leaking, John hummed a deep low rumble in his chest as his arms came around Sherlock’s stomach and chest, smearing come everywhere they touched. Good to his promise, he soon had Sherlock covered in come. Sherlock was a sticky mess, and it was perfect. John held Sherlock close, satisfaction finally reaching his very core. Sherlock was his. No one had ever had him before John. And John never intended to give him up. His perfectly imperfect husband. John’s hand wove through Sherlock’s, their rings glinting in the low light of the bedroom. John stroked his finger over his husband’s ring, satisfaction and exhaustion finally sending him off to sleep.
