“Yes,” the tall man said smoothly. “About that. A truck will be by shortly to collect you; they were right behind us. The ambulance will not be coming. Mr. Holmes is going with us.”
John sighed. “I just meant that as much as I love sleeping with you, sleep is hard. I miss the sound of your voice...”
“You’ll work with me, of course,” Sherlock said briskly. “It won’t be very long before Japan capitulates. Once that happens, life here really will begin to return to normal. London will rebuild, and with it her criminals.”
Sherlock hummed his delight into John’s sensitive teat, dropping his hand to wrap around John’s cock.
Sherlock nodded gently. “There. I think we’ve come to our agreement, then.” He stood once more and offered John his hand. “Would you be averse to beginning right this very minute?”
“We’re fine,” John said cheerfully. He pulled the infant car seat out into the centre of the floor and stooped to settle a yawning Drew into it. “Down in a minute.”
Mycroft’s smile turned mysterious and he turned to stride back to his chair. “Good afternoon, John,” he called over his shoulder.
“Hey,” John said gently. “You’re not going through this on your own. I’ll help with whatever you need. We both will.”
At four, John set about getting ready. He dithered over his choice of outfit—he didn't go in for the bespoke stuff Sherlock did, but he liked clothes and was relatively fussy about his style. In the end, he chose a slim cut jacket in a pale silvery blue and grey trousers. The chartreuse and blue patterned tie had been a gift from Sherlock.
What was unexpected was the unmatched exhilaration Sherlock felt with John’s body wrapped around or shoved up against his own. The deep, gnawing hunger that was growing in his belly at John’s panted breath on his face; John’s sweat dripping onto his skin. The urge to clasp John to him and press his mouth to the side of John’s neck was almost overwhelming.
Sherlock was shaking, making what almost sounded like whimpering noises. His control was very nearly gone. John sighed with relief as Sherlock’s half-formed knot bumped up against him. Almost immediately, Sherlock began to withdraw. And plunge back in.
Holmes looked down at John, his expression icy. “I wouldn’t like to be you once that call has been made, believe me.”
“There are several books in Gutteridge’s library about wine and how to become a collector, and there are several tell-tale vintages in the kitchen wine rack.”
They could have parted after the five searing days of their season had passed. John would have been disappointed, but he would have understood. Sherlock was very young and very inexperienced, and they hardly knew one another. And yet there was something…
The warmth that had bloomed in John’s chest at that moment was still suffusing his entire body, even now—hours later—as they sat eating their lunch down the street from the charming B & B Sherlock had booked them in to.
The figure in the next bed was Sherlock—there was no mistaking the lanky form and pale skin showing underneath the hospital gown. Unfortunately, the bandages on Sherlock’s head obscured one side of his face as well, shielding him from John’s view.
“I don’t mean to intrude on the reunion,” Michael began, turning to Janine. “But I’m wondering…would you like to stay and show John and Sherlock your lovely cottage for the show?”
Sherlock relaxed into Johns body, giving in to the impulse to place his head on John’s shoulder. John’s arm curled around him and dug into his hair. Sherlock’s toes curled and he bit his lip on a moan of pure pleasure.
. He catalogued it greedily—he wanted every element of this earth-shattering moment to remain in his Mind Palace forever. The scent of John’s shampoo and the way John’s shoulders fit so perfectly within the circle of his arms. The unearthly stillness of their sitting room, as though the traffic and bustle of Baker Street had simply halted for the benefit of their coming together. The texture of John’s jumper against his hands and the glorious sensation of John’s strong arms around his ribcage. The heat of John’s rare tears as they saturated his silk shirt.
Sherlock hummed, stroking over John’s bared back as he tried to manoeuvre them down the corridor to his own bedroom. “Yes, but
“Darling!” the man called. He barrelled into John, roughly gathering him into his arms with his small package pinned between them.
Finally, John gasped and wiped at his eyes with his napkin. “Oh, god, that was brilliant,” he sighed.
With his free hand, Sherlock dabbed at the corners of his mouth delicately before setting his napkin up on the table. He shoved his chair back with a squeal of wood on wood and stood, halting the rest of the dinner conversation immediately. “Mummy, I’d like to show John the room you’ve set up for Kit to stay over when the baby comes.”
“Or that our relationship has to be about that at all. I mean I know what I said, but sex isn’t the most important thing. Not between you and me.”
John glanced at the camera quickly before answering. “It certainly ticks several of the boxes, doesn’t it Sherlock?”
John took the offered hand and struggled to stand. “I don’t fully believe this is happening. I’m sure tomorrow I’ll wake in my wretched little room, alone and still missing you. But for now, yes — god, yes. Please.”
Sherlock turned and dragged John away from the scene, well aware that his husband was staring at the side of his head. He stopped finally at Oxford Street and raised his arm for a taxi.
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John stood abruptly and began to pace. “You took advantage of me when I couldn’t consent!”
“Not even a little bit.” John smirked. “You’re difficult and dangerous. Apparently so am I. It’s just fortunate that makes us perfect for one another.”
John turned fully to watch him approach, fairly certain that such a man would never notice him and would therefore be unaware of John’s curious appraisal.
“Look, I don’t care if we have to go for a case or whatever,” John continued, resting his elbows on the table. “I just want—”
John had stripped quickly and was aching to get into bed. The first three weeks of September had been brutally busy and he was utterly exhausted. He was still plagued by morning sickness (which still very often lasted well into the afternoon) and their latest case had taken up almost three full days. This was in addition to the two mornings he’d put in at the clinic, and Kit’s (actual) bout of stomach ‘flu.
“As you say,” Lombardi sighed. “This has been very entertaining, but I’m afraid we really have to be going. I’m very sorry that you will not get to enjoy Penzance. I hear it is very pretty.”
Sherlock had never bothered to count the number of steps to John’s floor, and could not manage to keep track in this instance. Not when he was admiring the fit of John’s trousers over his buttocks as John led him up the stairs.
“You have so much to say,” John said. “I can’t wait until we start to recognize all the words.” The baby whined a bit when John picked him up. “Now, now. You’re all right. It’s time for lunch!” John glanced up at the sound of footsteps on the upper stairs. “Oh, and it sounds like Papa and Kit are finally coming to join us, too.”
Sherlock slumped with the weight of that familiar guilt. “I thought—I believed—that you didn’t…I didn’t think it would hurt you so badly.”
“I do. I love my practice and my patients, but there are days when it’s nearly impossible to be away from these two.”
“No, no. I’m not. It’s just—well, I hate her being away, is all. It’ll be nice when she’s back home.”
John padded into the kitchen, his towel slung over his robe-clad shoulder. He flipped the kettle on and reached for his favourite mug. “Would you like some coffee?” he asked genially.
Sherlock’s eyes glazed over as his body pitched into bliss, his omega’s words triggering some kind of alpha response that brought on a hard, almost painful orgasm. Sherlock shouted John’s name, burying himself to the hilt.
He sat back on his heels for a moment, fingertips making an appreciative inventory. John’s prick was very thick, with a slight upturn at the end, and lengthening rapidly as Sherlock tentatively stroked him. The foreskin was surprisingly soft and when slid back revealed the deep red crown already glistening with pre-come.
John hummed his approval and proceeded to apply the same attention to Sherlock’s other nipple. By the time he’d tasted his fill, Sherlock was grinding against his hip, the bulge in his light woollen trousers begging to be touched. John happily obliged, dragging his fingers over the length of him. He sought Sherlock’s flies and made quick work of them, delving within.
“No. Don’t be. I—” John staggered a little and laid a hand on the back of the chair beside him to regain his balance. Whether this was relief that he now had one less impediment to overcome or grief for his lost mantle of fatherhood, he could not say for certain. “You’re sure?”
“I have a plan, though I don’t think I should tell you everything. It might be easier if you didn’t know.”
Arriving at just a little before 8 a.m., he wasn’t entirely surprised that Mrs. Hudson had been the one to let him in. He was a little surprised, though, when he’d arrived upstairs to find both doors closed and locked. He’d often found one door or the other closed, but never both. And never locked.
Sherlock smirked as the boy shrugged out of the shock blanket they’d wrapped around him. “Ah, yes…Archie, is it?”
Sherlock returned it, not feeling remotely festive. He hated Christmas and everything that went with it. Fortunately, this year his parents were in the Bahamas—he wouldn’t have to make a visit. Though apparently his brother had something that wanted saying on Christmas Eve.
John stiffened, waiting now for the moment that had prompted his visit. Kit dropped his head to his grandmother’s shoulder and turned his face toward her neck. John’s breath caught as he heard his son snuffling for his alpha grandmother’s scent…
Sherlock instantly identified her three—no—four-year relationship with her girlfriend (and three cats), passion for photography and classical music, and volunteer work with an HIV/AIDS support charity (that was a cheat, really, as the badge was still pinned to her jacket) and decided she was probably harmless.
Sherlock’s features relaxed a little and he nodded. He took one of John’s hands in his own and squeezed.
“Even this,” John assured him, chasing his words with a soft kiss. He drew the man into a hug and waited.
John licked his lips, glancing around them once more. Sherlock followed his gaze. There weren’t many people about, but there were
At about 2:15, Emily called his name. He made his way up the stairs (perhaps a bit more quickly than usual) to find her sitting at the window bench.
“John, I’m so sorry,” Sherlock started. His voice was shaky with emotion. “I’m so sorry for what happened, for what my actions caused—and Christopher! I didn’t know. I didn’t know. I would have tried to find another way—”
Several minutes later, John was still sticky and sweaty but slightly more coherent. And the reality of his situation began to settle in.
Sherlock knew that John knew. John had seen it in his eyes that night on the dance floor at the wedding. Sherlock hadn’t been able to hide the feelings that had finally taken hold.
"I'm glad," Sherlock said a little breathlessly. "I'm glad there's something only I share with you."
“The deal I was prepared to offer Mary is now off the table,” Mycroft said, shifting back in his chair. “She will be going to prison. As such, she has opted to contact the child’s father. David is with them now. Apparently he plans to move in with his sister—she is divorced and doesn’t have any children of her own.”
The wine bar was crowded. It was a chic, overcrowded place the likes of which he would ordinarily avoid. But then, he reminded himself, the whole point of the exercise was a nice change of pace and taking his mind off the things he ordinarily would do.
“And not to get so focused while helping our child make a bicarbonate volcano that you forget to put paper down and end up ruining Mrs. Hudson’s lino?”
“You have lied to me since the day we met. You were happy to cuckold me. You were willing to shoot my best friend in cold blood, and you threatened him again right in front of me,” John said through gritted teeth. “I’ve heard what you’re capable of. With Magnussen still a threat, I couldn’t take the chance—I couldn’t risk you upsetting Sherlock’s plans.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he stopped, his mouth still open. John’s fists were clenched and pressed into his thighs as he glared at his mate.
Sherlock nearly shouted his assent. He bowed his body toward the promise of John’s hot mouth—his knees buckled as John closed his lips over the nipple and began to suck hard. John growled into the sensitive flesh and braced Sherlock against his own body. The ridge of his erection was throbbing against Sherlock’s leg, while Sherlock had begun grinding his own insistent arousal against the reassuring firmness of John’s chest.
“In his defense,” Sherlock said blandly, “he did have the sense to use old bricks so the new wall would blend in.”
“Oh, god,” John groaned, slumping forward. “Oh, god. He’s going to be okay. I know it. He’s going to be okay.”
“Want you,” John finished, eyes closing once more as he dipped his chin. “God, so much, Sherlock. So much I ache with it.”
Sherlock marched through the rooms with the cameras in tow, offering random responses (“Hugely.” “Charming.” “Fine.” “I suppose.”) to John’s questions and exclamations. Instead, Sherlock occupied himself—as John had predicted—with deducing the family that lived in the home. Though even that had hardly been worth his time.
John watched with delight as Sherlock proceeded to feed Drew while maintaining a conversation with Kit at the same time. He managed to get orange and yellow goo almost everywhere, but when he put a few pieces of cut up banana on Drew’s tray for him—some twenty minutes later—the baby was clearly sated and content.
“Yes.” John tried to suppress a shiver at the sound of his name on Sherlock’s tongue. God, what was wrong with him?
“I want to be immersed in you. So I would like to be in your space, in your bed, surrounded by your things.” Sherlock inclined his head toward John. “Is that okay?”
He turned back to the alpha prick now so close to his own watering mouth. He wrapped one fist around the base, just above the spot where Sherlock’s knot would have formed were they still in season. He leaned in and ran his tongue along the significant length. Sherlock grunted, his hips canting toward the source of his pleasure. John snickered and lapped gently at the drops of pre-come oozing from Sherlock’s slit. He teased at the spot for a moment before popping Sherlock’s glans between his lips and working it for a moment. Sherlock’s cock swelled; John struggled to relax his jaw as he began to work his way down the shaft.
John could feel the evidence of Sherlock’s arousal against his belly; his own prick was making his trousers very uncomfortable.
“That’s us,” the woman said. She stood and began to shove the boy out toward the doors. She hesitated as she passed John and grasped his hand where it held his stick. “Bless you,” she said softly, and she was gone.
John dashed for the door, barely registering his name from Sherlock’s lips. It was a heartbreaking sound, muffled and weak. He was still running when he reached the stairwell and began to pace, and Mary appeared.
He watched his lover sleep and considered. They'd had discussions about consent (given Sherlock's propensity for doing things to John without asking) and Sherlock knew sleep could sometimes be tricky. John loved to wake to kisses; he was less than pleased about waking to fingers already in his arse. Sherlock was learning to respect these boundaries. But tonight he desperately wanted to touch. Touch John
Upstairs, he quickly located the room where Sherlock had been locked in. He sucked in several deep breaths and then turned the key that had been left in the lock. He pushed the door wide and was immediately assaulted by the overwhelming pungency of Sherlock’s scent.
There was a shout of alarm. John glanced over his shoulder through the window of the sliding door to see the man thrown backwards into his berth. The door slammed shut and the two men continued toward John unimpeded.
John blew air out between pursed lips. He watched as Sherlock opened one of the boxes to take out a condom and then began to methodically remove his own clothes. He tossed them on the chair in the corner.
Sherlock startled, turning back to find that John was now standing right in front of him. “Oh. Well, you don’t have–”
“And you married me anyway. Knowing how I felt about him, knowing I would only grow closer to him again and away from you. No ulterior motive there?”
Molly’s lips turned up in a knowing smile and she crossed the room to lay a hand on his arm. “Sherlock, have you
In the end, he could hardly fault Sherlock for protecting their family, and John was as anxious as anyone else for the end of Moriarty’s games. And, frankly, he loved Sherlock too much to even consider anything other than reconciliation.They had all suffered, but they would all heal.
John held his ground, standing for his alpha and waiting to be scented. Sherlock reached him in three long strides and stopped just shy of touching him. Sherlock bent his head to John’s scent gland and snuffled appreciatively. John did likewise, eyes rolling back in his head with the rush of endorphins that flooded his system along with Sherlock’s heady aroma.
Six hours later, weary and gloomier than before, John emerged from the tube station down the block from 221 Baker Street. The upstairs flat was dark—no sign of Sherlock, unless he was bumping about without the lights on as an experiment. John sighed as he finally reached their door and let himself in.
“Thank you,” John whispered. He raised their joined hands to his lips and kissed the back of Sherlock's fingers. “I love this—being able to lie beside you and tell you how much I adore you.”
“Sorry to interrupt, Greg, but I’m going to have to duck out,” John apologized. He slid the stack of forms back across the desk to DCI Lestrade. “I’ll finish these up tomorrow, yeah?”
"Well, no, this is really good, too," John admitted, chuckling softly. "Feel free to do this whenever you like."
Sherlock ended his call as abruptly as he had started it. “Done,” he said calmly. He stepped toward where John rested against the table, wedging his bare legs between John’s thighs and leaning in to wrap both arms around his neck.
John shook his head, bringing one hand up to caress Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s very, very good. We…we should have done this—”
He shoved the door open and unceremoniously dragged John in behind him. John lost his footing on the threshold and stumbled. With his cane still under his arm, John would have fallen had it not been for the man now taking up so much of the severely limited space in his room.
“Do you?” John’s voice had gained an edge. Fear, perhaps. He didn’t sound angry. Sherlock knew Angry John, and this was not him.
Sherlock frowned at him. “You’re not going to wax rhapsodic on the glories of love, are you? I mean a single, never-bonded omega with trust issues surely wouldn’t be in a position to lecture me about keeping people at a distance.”
He struggled to gather his thoughts, recalling the things he knew he must do to calm and care for his alpha.
John chuckled. He hadn’t actually told anyone that he was working on a book about their work—an extension of his blog, with a little more narrative flair. Sherlock had been very clear on his feelings about it.
“Oh, go on, Myra,” Michael urged. “This is going to be a hugely popular episode. We can afford a few extra minutes.”
John sighed. “Yeah, well, it was more of a slip on my part, mentioning your face like that. God, you just looked so amazing. The whole bloody time we were in Dartmoor. Good thing you didn’t catch on.”
Sherlock nodded and sighed, not moving a muscle as John slid his arm out from behind Sherlock’s shoulders and reached for the tissues to clean them both up.
Sherlock blinked and shook his head. “Well…yes?” He looked up at John, brow furrowed. “Isn’t that what you always said? ‘I’m not his date.’ ‘I’m not gay.’ ‘People will talk.’ I
John’s brow creased. He began to shift, jostling Sherlock free and rolling away until they were lying side by side. He stared at his mate with a very serious expression. Sherlock felt a flutter of panic.
John’s cheeks flamed. They had discussed it. Sort of. And of course John knew his recent wanking habits had not gone unnoticed. But it was something else altogether to be caught in the bath impaled on a dildo.
John watched them go, already starting to feel overheated and a bit achy. With a resigned huff, he moved to the bedroom and flopped onto the bed on his back. He curled in on himself and waited for his body to take over.
She was still licking jam from her fingers some ten minutes later when a familiar voice boomed up the stairs.
Mycroft frowned. “No need to be so prickly. I simply wanted to offer my congratulations on another case solved.”
John looked over to the sofa where Emily was standing, playing with her ponies on the coffee table. She was yawning.
John stomped up the stairs, muttering to himself. It was something that sounded very much like “bloody right.”
“I’m thinking that Heatherton was engaged in a long-standing dispute with his neighbor to the east—a Mr. Rufus Gutteridge.”
“Always bringing up the rear, aren’t you, John?” Mary closed the space between them, shaking her head. She took the gun from his hand. “I don’t know how you put with him,” she said to Sherlock. “He drives me right ‘round the twist with his bloody jumpers and his plodding. And the two-finger typing! God, there were days I didn’t think I could wait to kill him.”
John’s knees nearly buckled. He staggered a little before grasping at Sherlock’s hip for balance as he swiftly added more lube to the gloved fingers of his left hand and…
John looked down at his daughter, who had reached out for Sherlock’s hand. She was now clutching it to her little chest, pressed between her own body and John’s, her blue eyes shining with expectation.
John ended the kiss with a start, pulling back to regard the stranger with wide eyes. If the young man was in any way shocked or surprised by John’s actions or his own responses, he gave no sign.
Sherlock continued to stare at the ceiling. John thought he could detect a bit of dampness forming in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I don’t want to be bothered with all of it,” Sherlock went on, one hand flapping along with his words. “It’s messy and inconvenient and entirely distracting. If I allowed blood flow to be redirected to my penis in those quantities on a regular basis, my mind would suffer. And my mind is the only thing that matters.”
John braced his free hand against the shower wall and continued stroking himself with the other. He bit his lip trying to contain more cries, but it felt
He shoved against Sherlock’s chest. Then he shoved harder. Finally, he hooked a foot behind the taller man’s ankle and heaved. Sherlock fell backward and landed on the floor with a thud.
“But she and Greg are very important to your brother. Mycroft wants his mate to enjoy every moment of being home with Emmeline while she’s tiny. He’s trying to make the experience as special as he can.”
He’d tried to explain it to Mycroft the day before, when his brother enquired after John’s health. But it was difficult to put into words how luminous John’s skin had become. How bright his eyes were. How the gentle roundness of his curves made him beautiful in a way Sherlock hadn’t expected.
“Most likely, yes,” Sherlock confirmed. “But you’re here,” he said softly, taking John’s hand in both of his own. “I…”
Sherlock’s words continued to echo inside his head. He’d not been able to think of anything, save for Sherlock’s condition, since that moment at 221B. It was ridiculous. Sherlock had to know it was ridiculous.
“What?” Sherlock protested innocently. He waved a hand in the direction of his catatonic brother. “I didn’t do anything to him. He’s been like that since he got here!” He raised a brow at Greg, hovering in the doorway. “And would that have anything to do with you?”
Mycroft raised a hand. “I know that, Gregory,” he replied more gently than John had ever heard the man address anyone before. “The most important thing is, are you well?”
John started, jerking backwards in his chair. “One of my—wait. Ten weeks? Ten weeks? But…ten weeks ago Mycroft was supposed to take Kit out to his grandparents’ while I had my heat. His PA came ‘round herself; said Mycroft’s helicopter had been grounded by bad weather in Scotland.” John blinked several times. “Mycroft Holmes is your baby’s father?”
Sherlock smirked at him. “It’s true; I have put myself in life-threatening situations, all for the sake of solving a puzzle. You see, I require constant stimulation or my brain simply rots. The bigger the curiosity the better. Espionage has been very…interesting. Yes, I am a spy.” He paused and glanced away. “And you are very keen for my company.”
Finally regaining some control of his large muscle groups, John reached back and pulled the plump mounds of his bottom apart, revealing his saturated rim. Sherlock took this direction well, quickly taking hold of himself and rubbing the head of his cock over the swollen entrance.
Mary had made the contact with “Moriarty” and arranged a meet. Mycroft’s people were ready to mobilize. Now John only had to worry about Sherlock running off half-cocked.
Sherlock felt a heady rush of power as he watched John writhing mindlessly beneath him. He was the first—for this. John’s first male partner. He rolled his hips experimentally, eyes widening as John moaned and thrashed. He moved again, with more pressure this time. John’s head snapped forward and he stared straight into Sherlock’s eyes.
He gasped and tried to stay still as two fingers pushed into his tight passage. He moaned a little at the burn, but began to melt at the thought of what was next.
“Hmmmm?” Sherlock glanced down at himself. “Oh. Yes, I suppose.” He stood and started unbuttoning his shirt. “Why
Sherlock’s head snapped around. John always had a drink when they were out for dinner. Even if it was just a beer.
“Wednesday,” John confirmed. “That’s right. Just bear it in mind. When we are finally free to move on, I am going to have to see what can be done about your very, very naughty behaviour.”
Sherlock looked at John, eyebrows raised. He had no idea what foodstuffs made their way into the kitchen outside of John’s heats.
“I knew,” he started. “I mean, I figured it out. The picture’s just a head, isn’t it? Whereas you’re…”
It was the third time Greg had asked the question. He stared blankly at John, seated across the desk from him in John’s clinic office.
Sherlock straightened, sniffing a little and clearing his throat. “Right. Good, well, once we get back to town, there will be even more. I should tell you about 221B.”
“Oh, fuck, yes!” John groaned, bucking hard into Sherlock and dropping his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh, no. Don’t worry,” Margaret assured him. “Nothing like that. They’re here to measure up for the new nursing suite Mycroft has decided Greg must have. Mycroft will bring everyone to stay with us for a week or so while they do they work—in a few days.”
“Okay, that’s it,” John growled. He stepped out from behind the counter as one of his colleagues approached to help with the agitated passenger. “Sir, I’m going to escort you down the corridor and you will be subjected to an intimate search.”
John checked his watch—it was nearly quarter past ten now. He’d arrived much earlier than he needed to for the sleeper to Penzance, but Harry had insisted on driving him and she’d mixed up the times. Fortunately, he’d already been packed. He’d been doing his best to avoid her since he got out of hospital, so he’d felt it would be churlish to refuse her offer.
He heard the main door open and waited. The cubicle next to him opened and closed. There was some rustling of clothing, and within minutes a uniform was thrust under the cubicle wall. He retrieved it and hung it up, offering his own clothing in return. He pulled on the standard issue trousers, cotton button-down and canvas jacket. He straightened the belt before reaching down to retrieve his gun to tuck it into the back of his waistband under the light jacket.
It had been only a few days since the end of Sherlock’s fateful rut and the surprise heat that had prompted John to spend it with him. In his wildest dreams—as a damaged and lonely former soldier struggling to establish a modest medical practice in London—John could never have imagined such good fortune.
Sherlock turned back to John, his eyes darting about as he attempted to process John’s reply. After several seconds of silence, finally he said, “Do you think so?
“JOHN!” Sherlock was at his side immediately, wrapping both arms around him. “Are you all right? Let me see your hand. Good god—what was that child thinking of?”
“All right, lads?” Angelo said brightly. He entered their nook with both of their coats in hand. “Hope everything was satisfactory.
“Uh, right, well.” John cleared his throat and resumed his task. “There aren’t many of them left,” he admitted, still a bit flustered. “Most of them have been evacuated. You may have noticed the traffic the last few hours.”
“Two reasons, really,” Sherlock started. He closed the door behind him and dropped his dressing gown on the floor. “One: Mrs. H wants a visit with our son before his birthday party. She has a special present for him.”
Sherlock was once more wheeled inside by his physician, for appearances. Within minutes, they were able to abandon the gurney and disguises in a storage room. Sherlock donned surgeon’s scrubs this time, while John changed into a uniform belonging to the cleaning staff. John was relieved to get rid of the moustache, but found he’d been given another pair of glasses and a dark wig.
“Well, Drew is more difficult. He’s very strong willed—not afraid to play on his own or be different from other children—but he is also comfortable taking direction. He’s good-natured and mellow, not at all territorial. But he is very protective of Em.”
“I observe. I…” Holmes trailed off as John reached for the zip to the pocket. “If there is no issue with my passport, why am I being detained?” he asked sharply.
“Funny.” He looked at John’s leg. “The nurse said it was a through-and-through. No bullet to worry about, but lots of tissue damage.”
“He’s very keen to get back in the thick of things, but he’s concerned about leaving the baby,” Mycroft said. “We’ve engaged a nanny to start when his leave is over, and Greg is very fond of the young woman. And I have arranged to spend more time working from home. Still, Greg is worried about missing Emmeline’s important moments. I have suggested that he could always try some sort of alternative work arrangement—half time, perhaps—to see if that would suit. Of course it’s entirely his decision.”
“I’m—I’m…” Greg swallowed. “I think I may be starting andropause. I’ve just missed a heat and I feel…different.”
“And he was there, standing at the end of the bed, just watching me. He told me he thought my blood sugar must have dropped. He’d had some juice and biscuits left by the bed. While I ate, he told me that as my heat had advanced so quickly, it might be best if I stayed there. That he wouldn’t stay, of course, and he would make sure I was given absolute privacy.”
“And if you decided one day that you didn’t want to have sex ever again, I would still love you. Our bond is about so much more than that.”
John knew, and nothing would ever be the same. John would leave. He would leave forever and then…what?
“Jesus!” John dropped his phone and leapt forward. He began pulling at the loosened bricks as Sherlock continued working on the weak spot he’d already made. They ignored the chaos as more of the television crew made their way into the cellar, and the shouting for them to stop.
John was momentarily stunned by the exchange, so much so that it took him several minutes to realize that he’d just missed what was his own stop as well.
That John didn’t seem to realize how firmly he held Sherlock’s heart in his hands, well, that was simply the way it was. Sherlock thought John probably suspected by now, but Sherlock was convinced that even if John
talked about it—and if you had somehow written off my clumsy attempt at seduction that first night after we met, then you might not actually know…might not actually realize…”
Sherlock rubbed the tip of his huge cock over John’s dripping hole and sighed with satisfaction. He pressed in, just enough to seat the head inside John’s body.
He froze with the cup halfway to his lips, rotating slowly toward the telly. He’d missed out on two years’ worth of Jeremy Kyle and managed to delete how much he enjoyed it; now he tried to catch it whenever he was at home. Somehow, though, this episode was becoming very personal.
“Wazzat?” John asked, starting to feel a little fuzzy around the edges. He pointed at the boxes with a shaking hand.
The caterers were still setting up and wait staff were gathered in the front hall for their instructions. Sherlock led John by the hand through the main entry and toward the small parlour.
Sherlock stared into the slightly glazed eyes, biting his lip. There were several ways the situation could progress, of course, but only one that would provide him with the needed data. He opted, as he usually did, for the least prudent course of action.
Sherlock looked utterly stunned. “All of this—ALL OF THIS—over my relationship with John!? Jealousy? That’s it, really?”
Sherlock settled and wiggled a little closer to John’s body. John seemed to approve; his left arm appeared from beneath the covers and he reached out to draw Sherlock into his side.
“I only care about this—us,” John continued. “Nothing else matters now. And I want to make you as happy as you’ve made me.”
“With me. I’ll stay with you for an additional 24 hours, to allow some more time for the swelling to go down. Major Hastings will send the ambulance back then and — well, we’ll just have to see how we get on.”
“That’d be great,” Greg enthused. He crunched through the last of his ice cream cone and wiped sticky hands on a napkin. “I’m just going to text Mycroft now and see if he can do it.”
He sighed and shrugged his pack more heavily onto his back, tugging on one sleeve as he did. He was simply dressed for his journey in khaki trousers and black Haversack ‘shooting’ coat, which was one of two unexpected Christmas gifts from his sister, Harry. What little other clothing he could be bothered about was in his bag.
“You need to come back to me. Please. You can’t do this to me twice,” John whispered. “Come on. I know you’re in there. I know you’re itching to go after whoever did this to you. Wake up, now.”
He eased a hand down over Sherlock’s ribcage and hip to cup over the heat of his groin. Sherlock moaned and arched into the touch. John trailed his fingers over Sherlock’s length, looking down between their bodies to watch. Sherlock did not miss the look of surprise and delight on John’s face as he wrapped his fist around Sherlock for the first time.
John’s fingers withdrew and rough twill rubbed up against Sherlock’s bare legs. Booted feet nudged his bare ones out to spread his legs even further and lower his stance. Missing fingers were replaced with the tip of John’s cock. The blunt head rubbed over Sherlock’s quivering hole before pressing in.
Dr. Khamir regarded both men, her brow furrowed. “Right. Uhm, well, I won’t keep you. I’m sure you two have a lot to discuss. I’ll send the nurse in to check your vitals.” She glanced at John once more. “In a few minutes.”
The door burst open and the tac team entered. The leader quickly surveyed the rigged explosives before grabbing Sherlock’s arm to drag him away.
“Perhaps I should give you two a few moments alone,” Dr. Awiti said. She stood and pulled the door open. “You can see yourselves out when you’re done. No rush—and take care of each other, yeah?”
“Well, it isn’t as though you knew Sherlock was going to set a small fire in his lab.” Greg dropped into the seat next to John.
That last night—as they’d worked out the final details of their elaborate plan to take down Moriarty’s network—Mycroft had watched his little brother cry for the first time since he was a child. Mycroft had been helpless to ease his suffering. They both knew there was no other way to protect John and the baby and put an end to James Moriarty for good. They both knew there would be a cost.
“Yes,” John insisted. He pulled himself out from under Sherlock and rolled off the bed. He reached for his robe. “I like them, in spite of everything. And Kit adores them.”
“This is the culmination of several years’ worth of negotiation,” Mycroft replied testily. “The artist was loath to part with it. Fortunately, I was able to persuade him in time for Christmas this year.”
“Mycroft, there’d better be a bloody good reason for this. I need to get back to the hospital. Sherlock—”
“Fifteen years, and you are just going to throw away all the good because…what about Rosie, hmmm? What about our daughter?”
He clutched the bag with the gift inside tightly as he made his way to the exit. Hopefully, by the end of dinner that night, all would once again be right with the world.
“That was never it,” John continued. “I’ve loved you for as long as I can remember, really. And I’ve wanted you for ages.”
John sipped his tea and then took another bite of his sandwich. He sighed, soaking in the sunshine as they sat in the window of the old pub.
John grunted and tripped, falling sideways into the wall with a thud. Sherlock slammed into him, pushing the breath from his body. John wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s lean frame and held on, trying to regain his own balance and keep Sherlock upright.
“Oh, right.” Lestrade stood as well and shoved his hands in his pockets. “I didn't think he was doing much doctoring these days.”
John dropped a heavy hand onto Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock hadn’t even realized he’d been bouncing it. He tried not to think about John’s lovely, nimble fingers digging into his thigh.
Greg stepped out of the changing room, arms held wide for John to get a good look at the outfit. John tried to appraise it objectively—he’d never been much of a judge of clothes himself (as Sherlock would happily tell anyone who’d listen to him lament John’s jumper collection), but he knew it was important to his friend.
He cleared his throat again and tugged the blanket aside to begin working on the bandages covering Sherlock’s chest. “So how did you manage to get to Italy?”
“You’ve definitely got that one down,” he said, praising his son’s verbal stylings. “Now how about ‘Papa?’”
He drew out the tidy plastic zipper bag with condoms and lubricant. He shook the contents loose as John worked on the fastenings of his trousers. Button and zipper loosed, John tugged the fine wool down to Sherlock’s knees.
John twined their fingers together and drew them to his lips. “For now though, we’d better go rescue Mrs. H and get Kit ready for the party before our family arrives.”
They walked in silence through an old wooden archway in the ten-foot hedge separating the property from the lane. Inside the small back garden, the crew had set up a tent with sound and other equipment.
John stood and moved toward him. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s forearm. “I’ll leave you alone if that’s what you want. But if you change your mind, just come upstairs. Wake me up. I don’t mind.”
“Do you? Can you begin to know how you have imprinted yourself on my heart and mind? I’ve been able to think of nothing but you since we met. I prayed — me, prayed! — every night that you had survived, even if we were never to meet again. I just needed you not to be dead.” John sighed, head drooping. “The truth is — ”
Sherlock watched the strange expression on John’s face at his brother’s insincerity. John was always so wonderful with Mycroft.
“Yes, but we weren’t sure how good a chance there was.” She bit her lip. “He’s going to be so excited. He’s always wanted children.”
Greg blanched. “It’s late, isn’t it? I should have been taking care right from the beginning. Have I—is the baby at risk?”
Sherlock tried to turn into John’s body, writhing to be nearer as John plundered his mouth. John fumbled at the lapel of Sherlock’s jacket, finally managing to slide a hand beneath to cup Sherlock’s pectoral.
John rolled to his back and shook his head. “Do you understand that you won’t be allowed to just get distracted and bugger off to do an experiment or chase a serial killer? That you won’t be able to keep toxic chemicals or body parts in the flat? That you will have to learn to be civil to headmasters and school counsellors and paediatricians? That you will have to turn your phone off and sit through school pageants and recitals? That you won’t be able to spend an entire advance cheque on bespoke suits because our child might need braces, or tutoring, or—god forbid—something more serious?”
“I’m not sure I understand all of this,” John said wearily, shaking his head. He sat forward in his chair, resting elbows on knees. “This has been such a shock; honestly, I don’t know what to make of it. It’s too much for me take in right now.”
They followed him, still holding hands. Sherlock had noted that John seemed to be loath to let go. It felt…nice.
The tension that had been tying knots in his shoulders for days (weeks, months) dissipated in an instant.
“Yeah, and almost ended up with pneumonia. You nearly gave me a heart attack sneaking out of the hospital like that, thanks very much.”
The thought of that first heat—of a shy, virginal Sherlock trusting John with his body’s demands and letting John guide him… John moaned again, his cock twitching with the need to be touched. Sherlock brushed his hand lazily over the plane of John’s abdomen. He released John’s mouth and bent his head to capture one leaking nipple between his lips.
For all of Sherlock’s worry that Mary might be a threat, John had found to his relief that she had instead turned out to be a friend. He’d been so angry with Sherlock a few weeks back—Mary had kindly listened to his rant. She’d agreed that Sherlock had been careless and hadn’t been thinking about John. But then she’d listened without judgment as John talked himself round and reminded himself, out loud, of all the reasons he loved his mate more than anything.
“Not for you,” John reminded him. He was seated in his comfy chair putting the finishing touches on the wrapping of Drew’s birthday present. “There.”
“Why? Oh, that. Well, yeah. I was pretty scared. Got some good bruises, too. But I’m okay now, though. I’ll probably cry when I see my mum,” Archie admitted, sniffing a little. “I’m all she’s got so…”
John watched over his shoulder and chuckled. “Don’t get too excited,” he warned gently. “Remember—no babies until I’m in heat. This is just for fun.”
“So, jealousy?” John asked, shoving his hands into his pockets. He turned to look out over the view.
The first is a bottle of 50-year-old single malt scotch, which (after a quick Google search) Mike discovers comes with a five-figure price tag. The following year, he receives a bottle of rare burgundy, similarly valued.
John crouched down to place a kiss on Kit’s messy curls. He stood, shifting Drew to one hip. Sherlock stood, too, and leaned in for a kiss.
“Bossy,” John grumbled. He opened his eyes and immediately squinted against the bright daylight. “Times’it?”
He visualized — all of it, right down to the scar — as he brushed through the light dusting of his own dark chest hair. Finally, he rubbed both thumbs over the tightening buds of his nipples. He risked looking up at John through his lashes and was rewarded with a view of John slack-jawed and palming his cock through his trousers.
“I suppose he could, if it were true,” William mused. He leaned back against the door, hands behind his back. “I’ve seen a great deal since you and Sherlock decided to try for a baby. I could tell you were nervous about it, but whatever your initial feelings might have been, well, the expression on your face when you told us you were pregnant could only be described as pure joy. Your pregnancy was difficult for you, but when Sher—” William hesitated, his brow furrowed. “When everything happened, I’ve never seen anyone fight so hard to stay alive and give their child a chance at survival. And the love you have shown him since? You may not have thought you would ever be a parent, but it’s evident to anyone with eyes that you are a good one.”
“Jesus, stop saying that word like that,” John begged, gritting his teeth. He shifted on his feet a little, obviously trying to get a little more comfortable. “You sound like someone is sucking your cock.”
Their sea-view room was a relatively pleasant affair, with soothing colours, comfortable furniture and a good-sized bath. John was sitting against the headboard with his legs stretched out on the left side of the large, four-poster bed, flipping through telly channels. He was nibbling on some of the complimentary biscuits the production company had left in a basket for them, along with some pleasant-smelling tea.
John rolled his eyes, stretching forward to drag his naked alpha back into their bed. “Of course not. Silly man.”
“I’m really amazed,” John said wonderingly, watching as his three–year-old joined a group of like-aged children with their museum guide.
John felt the colour rising to his face. “But I’m…old. I’m wounded and scarred and now this damn leg. Why would you want me?”
“Nevertheless,” Sherlock replied. “You bore the brunt of the details. As you do for most everything to do with this household every day.”
“PAPA!!” Kit shouted from the kitchen. There was shuffling noise and then the unmistakable sound of cereal cascading over the lino.
John reached up to run his thumb over Sherlock’s bottom lip. He nodded in the painting’s direction. “It reminds me of you, you know. You and this flat. I used to think it was a bit like you—all moody and mysterious and dramatic. And sort of ruthlessly cranial.”
John paid the man and hovered nearby as the antique was carefully packaged and then wrapped in bright paper. When he took the bag, he felt a renewed sense of purpose—it was only a token, but it was very personal. Intimate. It would help him show Sherlock how important their bond was to him. Hopefully, their conversation would be a little easier with this to start from.
That there is never a card attached nor any reason given for the presents is irrelevant. The sender is well aware that while Mike Stamford may be many things, simple is not one of them. The genial doctor, for his part, knows full well who is behind his expensive packages. He understands the sentiment behind them; words are unnecessary.
Well, there it is. I hope you enjoyed this little fic. I certainly enjoyed imagining this version of John's awakening, and I decided to end with the very thing our Ginger Dad has said about a detective show where the male detective just happens to come home to his husband. And a little slow dancing.
Sherlock growled approval as John hovered over him, straddling his hips and reaching back for Sherlock’s cock. Without ceremony or hesitation, John lifted his hips and sank back down onto his mate. Sherlock’s mouth fell open in silent wonder; John, impaled, ground his hips against his alpha until he found…
“Yes,” Mycroft answered, standing to join him in the centre of the room. “Before he comes in, I wanted to take a moment to… prepare you.”
John was bouncing on his heels as they waited on the train platform at Victoria Station. He was wearing Sherlock’s favourite khaki green jacket. John hadn’t worn it in some time—not since Baskerville, Sherlock thought ruefully. It suited him well, though, and made for a sharp-casual travelling look when paired with dark denims and plaid shirt.
Sherlock gazed at John with wonder. “My brother. The man who evacuated me from Italy — he is my brother, Mycroft. He works for the government. He secreted me away to heal and to be debriefed. They had to keep me under wraps until after D-Day and after that, well, they found other things for me to do, out in the country.* All very secret. I wanted to…” Sherlock swallowed hard. “So many times, I wished I could contact you. When I heard you’d been wounded, I wanted to come to you, but…”
“But you did look, I don’t know. Like you were uncomfortable. Or hurt,” John moved in close and laid a hand over Sherlock’s forearm. “I don’t want you to think—”
John nodded, closing his eyes. “And I may shout once in a while, when I remember—well, it hasn’t been good, and it will take us all some time to recover from it. But once you’re home, we’ll start again. We’ll be okay.”
“Of course,” Mary said genially. She took a tentative step inside his office. “Is there anything I can do?”
There were small children giggling and shouting, playing a game of Sherlock’s devising—which did worry John just a little bit. But as no one was crying as yet, he was content to sip his decaf tea in the kitchen with Greg.
“Yeah, well, it hasn’t worked. He settles for a few hours after being with Margaret, but by the time we get home, he’s just as miserable as before,” John swallowed around the lump in his throat. “I know your parents know, and I don’t blame them. It’s actually a bit of a relief to understand why they didn’t come to the funeral.”
Sherlock shouted his release as he spilled over their hands and splattered the front of John’s untucked shirt. His hips stuttered and his hand on John went limp as he rode each wave.
“You’ve sustained fairly severe burns on your left side. You also have several other injuries — punctures, lacerations, broken ribs…and you’re missing three toenails.”
Given the angle, he could see only part of a profile, but it was (damn it all) a very attractive one: a long, straight nose, nicely shaped mouth, even teeth. The light in the restaurant was not so dim that John was hindered from seeing that the omega currently batting his long lashes at Sherlock was young—very young. Twenty if he was a day. His ginger hair was nearly as curly as Sherlock’s.
Sherlock peered at him. “Are you sure? I know these last few weeks have been difficult for you. I’ve been distant.”
John sat on the edge of the bed, considering his response. Just because Sherlock was sorry it had been said didn’t mean he hadn’t meant it.
“Oh, there was another disruption on the Victoria line. People backed up on the stairs and halfway across the train station!”
Ames immediately threw the door open, to find officers running out toward the passport lines. He turned back to John. “Can you manage?”
“Oh, yes. If that is something you’d like, I’d be very amenable,” John agreed quickly. “Sex outside of oestrus can be every bit as wonderful.”
“Because women are such a mystery to the pair of you that our relationships with each other don’t even register. Didn’t it seem strange to you that Mary made me her chief bridesmaid after knowing me for a matter of months? Or that she and I became friends at all? How on earth did you think we’d met, her working at a small surgery on the far side of London and me spendin’ my days and nights with Magnussen’s circle? Honestly.” Janine shook her head. “You were so distracted by each other that you made it easy.”
John considered this, still holding Sherlock fingers to his chest. “I hadn’t really—I don’t mean to.”
that’s how I see it! One minute it’s all ‘Oh, I love you Bernard!’ ‘And I love you, Constance.’ And the next minute Bernard is chopping Constance into small pieces and feeding them to their pet Schnauzer!”
Sherlock turned again, rubbing his hands together. “So, first things first: I’ll need to borrow your phone.”
“Well, it’s hard for a relationship to survive when one of the partners is tied to someone or something outside the marriage…” John’s expression shuttered suddenly.
“Oh, well, we’re going to die anyway, aren’t we?” Sherlock growled. He stopped mere inches from her and pressed the gun into the side of her head. “God, you have no idea how long I have wanted to do this. Threaten me, fine. Threaten John…” he started to squeeze the trigger.
“They’re bad, but localized. They should heal, with time. Honestly, though, I don’t know how he survived getting here with the broken ribs and the bleeding from his other injuries.”
Sherlock’s hips moved in gentle time with John’s hand and mouth, but he refrained from pulling or pushing too strenuously. John closed his own eyes and sank into the feel of Sherlock from within and without.
“I — well, yes,” John replied awkwardly. He wasn’t comfortable discussing his own reproductive health with clients. “Sorry, how did you know?”
He dragged worshipful fingertips over the length of Sherlock’s slender cock. It took only a few light strokes before it was fully erect; the foreskin retracted to reveal the dark red and dampened head. John smoothed both hands up over Sherlock’s hips and under his shirt to caress his lean abdomen. With a wry smile, John shoved Sherlock back against the wall and wedged himself down onto his knees into the narrow space between his waiting lover and the bed. His eyes locked with Sherlock’s, John extended his tongue to flick at the moisture beginning to ooze from Sherlock’s slit.
“I’m so glad,” Michael said softly. He glanced back to the cottage as the front door opened. “Ah! And now let’s see if we can find you your dream country escape here in East Dean.”
He knew, somehow, that Sherlock would be gone again the morning, and he knew that they could not continue this way. He knew avoidance when he saw it—he'd done it himself.
“Thanks. Hopefully, we’ll be able to get out of your hair and let you three enjoy your evening together.”
“Whatever the case is, whatever Sherlock’s doing, it ends now.” John’s voice cracked a little as he whispered, “I will not allow whatever this is to take my son from me.”
“Good morning, doctor,” John said amiably to the shocking John Watson doppelganger he was now looking at in the mirror. The man smiled into the mirror at John, now wearing the NHS driver’s kit (including heavy-rimmed glasses and hat).
John flushed a little—his own sex life had started to hot up again, too. His own libido had been in overdrive for a while, and Sherlock’s was now catching up.
“What?” John turned, following Sherlock’s waving hand to look at the television. “You’re watching Jeremy Kyle again? I don’t know what you see in —”
The touch of John’s lips against his own was firm, but gentle. Sherlock relaxed into the kiss, happy to allow John to lead. John pulled him in close until their bodies were touching, his strong hand tightening at Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock melted into the insistent softness of John’s kiss.
The house itself, built to face the sea rather than the lane, was an Edwardian masterpiece, with red brick on the main floor and Tudor-style white stucco and dark timbers above. The windows were large, mullioned affairs surrounded by dark shutters.
Sherlock mewled as John teased at his nipple with teeth and tongue, and then shifted to begin all over on the other side.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was calm, which surprised him. He was shaking with the effort of controlling his own considerable anger. It was not an easy thing to learn that your wife had fooled you into thinking she was something she wasn’t. It was even more difficult to discover that she’d done it twice. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Just let her go. They’ve already manipulated you into one murder. Let’s just leave it there, yeah?”
“God, yes,” Sherlock agreed. He surveyed their narrow space. “You need to stay on your left side—can you shift forward?”
The broth Margaret had arranged for him — along with some other foodstuffs and medical supplies — was now lukewarm as it dripped onto Sherlock’s chest. John set the spoon down and swiped at the mess with a clean cloth.
“I love you,” john said, breathing heavily as he stepped into Sherlock’s personal space. “You are the most important thing in my life. Have been since that very first night.”
There was a long pause — John assumed his patient was gauging the risks of making such an admission. “It’s okay. You’re safe here. This is an allied field hospital.”
They were out of chocolate HobNobs. Sherlock settled for some of John’s Jammie Dodgers and made his way back to his desk.
“No, I think I kind of like it.” John kissed Sherlock’s neck and nuzzled there a moment, revelling in the breathy sounds the taller man was making. “If this is a dream, I don’t want to wake.”
“Painting,” Sherlock replied. He picked it up again and proceeded to wedge it into the back seat of Lestrade’s car.
John considered this as he set about building a fire. The March evening was cool; if he was going to be home alone, he wanted some warmth and something cheerful to look at. He was waiting for the wood to catch when the doorbell rang.
“Well, now that you know this much, I’m left with some challenges,” Mycroft sighed. “It took some time to identify Mary and get a clear picture of her history. Fortunately, the same retired CIA operative Magnussen found is still in ever great need of capital to finance his own retirement ‘makeover.’”
“I don’t think he’s Jewish, no,” John replied, feeling a bit sheepish. He hadn’t really taken a good look or anything, but the patient’s clothing had been mostly burned or in tatters when he was brought in — he’d been naked enough for John to know he wasn’t circumcised.
John took a step back, whether in shock or a desperate urge to pack and flee the country, he wasn’t sure.
“Major, please,” John begged. He’d never done that before. “Sir, I know you don’t know much about him and I probably shouldn’t repeat what I’ve learned about him, other than to say that I think he’s very important. I think it’s our duty to take care of him.”
It hadn’t been ideal timing: Sherlock was going through a period of disinterest in sex. Which was fine. John had been managing on his own.
John moved silently through the empty chapel, listening for a familiar accent, or — god forbid — an enemy one. The vehicle outside had stopped, though the engine remained on. The headlamps shone in through the stained glass window casting an eerie rainbow into the sanctuary.
“At the moment? It looks like I’m going to be trying to find a new flat—though I’ll never find anything else as cheap—and replacing everything I owned.”
“Well, like this,” John replied, gesturing around him. “Or being a police officer. Something like that. With your abilities, you could do an awful lot of good.”
“That’s what I think, yes. But the question is what has he done with the body? There are no traces of any significant digging in the yard. There’s no question of burying anything on the beach and Gutteridge doesn’t own a boat. What—”
Before Christmas—in anticipation of the time they would pursue the physical side of their relationship—they’d managed to have a detailed conversation about the turn things had taken on his missing Wednesday. John had been a bit embarrassed by his behaviour while drugged, but Sherlock assured him he had nothing to be embarrassed about—not only because John’s leanings were very welcome, but because the whole incident was Sherlock’s fault anyway, of course. Both of them were able to admit they’d long suspected this sort of play interested them, though neither had ever indulged in it before.
“Come and sit beside Daddy, please, Kit,” Sherlock interjected. He sat down beside John and patted the spot beside him. “I’ll need your assistance to check him.”
"There is nothing to understand. I've been busy. You feel neglected." Sherlock stood and tugged his suit jacket down. "We're both tired, and I think we might say something we regret. In my opinion, we should have this discussion in daylight, when we're both in a better frame of mind."
John’s ire ebbed as he watched the confusion play out across the young man’s features. Sherlock truly didn’t understand how rude he’d been. “It was,” John confirmed gently. “Bit not good.”
John withered, eyes closing over unshed tears. “Sherlock—” His voice broke over his husband’s name as the sins of 15 long years past rose up to meet him.
John glanced at Sherlock and smiled at him fondly. Sherlock had to work quickly to prevent a look of shock. They were in character, of course. John was merely helping to paint the picture of a deeply intimate relationship.
John jolted awake, Sherlock’s hand clasped to his chest, at the sound of engines in the yard. He consulted his pocket watch quickly and frowned.
“Exactly,” John smiled fondly. “And there are an awful lot of alphas who would think you weak and less of an alpha because you feel that way. Just like there are plenty of omegas who give me the gears about putting myself in danger when I’m working cases with you.”
“Here we are!” Angelo announced as he re-appeared. He set an elaborate glass candle holder down beside Sherlock’s elbow. “Now that’s nice and romantic. Can I start you off with something to drink? Wine?”
John kissed him again, more deeply this time. He pulled back, leaving only enough space between their mouths to whisper, “That’s what you taste like in me.”
“For me too!” Jeanette sat while he took his coat off and hung it on the back of the chair. “With two kids, I haven’t had much grown-up time in the last 15 years.”
“Yeah!” Archie enthused. “It’s so clever, with all the science and stuff. I want to do some kind of science when I grow up.”
Kit grinned at her—a great, pink, gummy affair with a little bit of the drool so much a part of their lives with the teething. Margaret smiled deeply at the boy and pressed a hand to his back to draw him closer.
He couldn’t have imagined the wonderful sensation of John’s firm mouth pressed to his own, settled so possessively over Sherlock’s bottom lip. Or the wonderful scrape of stubbly chins. Or the tentative brush of John’s tongue over the seam of his lips. Or the taste of John Watson…Oh, god, the taste of John Watson.
“At ease, captain,” Major Hastings said briskly. He stepped near the dim room, hands clasped behind his back. “And how is your special patient?”
They stared at one another once more. John clenched his fists to keep hands that ached to touch from pulling Sherlock into a much-less-than-friendly hug. Sherlock removed his glove and offered his hand.
Holmes complied, slapping the black leather into Ames’ hand. The large man scowled at their passenger, but took the gloves and began to inspect them.
Sherlock watched the man in question approaching them with a critical eye. “Funny, but I always thought your tastes ran in quite a different direction.”
“For me, too,” John rumbled, lapping his way down to suckle at Sherlock’s clavicle. “Christ, you are so beautiful.”
Sherlock nodded, his mouth dry. He let John move him until the backs of his knees hit the edge of the bed. He sat heavily and looked up at John.
“I’ve never considered the idea of becoming a parent. I thought children were boring and messy and inconvenient.”
He handed the phone to John, who glanced at the screen briefly before shoving it back into his pocket. Sherlock stood abruptly bringing him once more into very close quarters with John. John looked up at the man, still puzzled (and a little concerned) but helplessly intrigued.
They rubbed against one another, kissing haphazardly as they backed toward the bed. John stumbled when his knees hit the frame and he fell back, Sherlock falling with him.
“Dismissed," John mumbled sarcastically, shaking his head. "Lovely to see you, Mycroft. Always a pleasure.”
Sherlock tensed as his came, fingers digging into John’s body to hold him snug. He closed his eyes to savour the waves of pleasure coursing through him, until John joined him moments later.
John stood and limped over to the examination table in the corner of his office. He took out the tray Lucy had prepared for him. He gloved up and prepped the syringe, unaware that his patient had moved until he heard the deep voice right behind him.
Sherlock slipped past the barricade and stopped by the passenger door of the car. “I’m fine. Freezing and barefoot and destitute, but fine.”
“Did you really believe that I could?” John asked incredulously. “You tried to kill Sherlock. You say I saw what you were and I married you anyway. Are you going to sit there and pretend you didn’t see what Sherlock is to me?”
Not that he’d ever really thought—of course he hadn’t. John was his best friend. His investigative partner. The voice he now heard most often in his mind palace.
“The baby is a minor hiccup,” Mary sighed. “Unplanned, but very useful in the end. David’s sweet, but I don’t see any need to keep him around.” She rubbed a hand over her belly. “Don’t worry about us. We’ll be fine.”
“I suppose he could be, though that doesn’t have to mean you can’t play some part in the child’s life. If you wanted to,” Sherlock insisted. “And I’m working on Magnussen.” Sherlock gestured toward his displaced laptop. “I will not let him continue. We’ll find a way to keep the baby—and Mary—safe.”
John stepped back, tucking himself away and fumbling his gloves off. He fastened his trousers and nodded sadly, turning to retrieve the man’s mobile from where he had placed it in the plastic bin for x-ray after pulling it out of the inside breast pocket of the suit jacket. He handed it to Sherlock and leaned back against the table, waiting for the inevitable.
John shook his head weakly. “No, it’s fine. David’s her father. That’s where she belongs.” He hesitated. “Would you consider—?”
“Ah, I see Mycroft left some things out when he visited you earlier. No body because it is very likely she is not dead.”
John snorted. “Given that they don’t have any of his DNA, and they never spend time with him, I think we’re pretty safe on that score.”
John’s attention was drawn by a knock at the door. He turned back to look at his smirking partner in surprise.
“So…here we are. You have done this before. You have the knowledge and the experience and the skill to bring Sherlock’s suffering to an end and to take care of your own needs at the same time. And I am telling you
As promised, John was out on the pavement within the allotted time. He hadn’t bothered to tidy up, but had simply pulled his clothes from that day back on. He was led to a black saloon with tinted windows, and seated alone in the back. His companion disappeared into the front seat beside the driver, separated from John by a smoked glass partition.
John stormed into the flat, tearing his jacket off and throwing it in the general direction of the sofa. He flopped into his chair, both hands gripping the arms tightly.
Janine cocked her head and took a sip of tea. The smile that stole across her face was gleeful. “Never say Jimmy didn’t know how to make a splash. Anyway, he gave himself a fresh start not long after—new name, new identity. He kept in touch, in his own way. He was so sweet.”
She shot Sherlock. His wife—a woman he now realized he didn’t really know at all—shot Sherlock. The man whose “death” had nearly killed John the first time. His best friend, his partner, his…
“He, actually,” John said. “Fortunately, he was fairly young when we met. He didn’t have to go through it for long.”
“Dr. Watson,” John corrected. It usually was not his habit to do so, but in their current situation he felt more comfortable alerting the hospital staff to his profession.
He wrapped his arms around the man once more, delighting in Holmes immediate response in melting back against him.
“I-I should go and see…” John stumbled over the words, and was suddenly awkward in Sherlock’s presence in a way he never had been before. He stood, rubbing sweaty palms over his thighs. “I texted Mary to come. She—she’ll probably be here soon.”
“So good,” John encouraged, burying his fingers in Sherlock’s hair once more. He was about to let his eyes fall closed when he felt his lover’s other hand probing at his rim. “Oh, god, yes.”
Sherlock gasped, feeling utterly boneless in John’s arms. He dropped his head to the side to give John better access to the ticklish spot beneath his ear.
"Good thing we don't have to worry about that anymore." The kettle snapped off and John rose to go to the kitchen.
Perhaps he deserved this, after everything that had happened. he and Sherlock had spent a lot of time with Ella sorting through things after Mary and Sherlock's sister. John had thought that they'd come to grips with it all. Forgiven. Moved forward.
“Sherl—” John pushed his way through the crowd. “No, let me through. Please. He’s my mate. He’s my alpha. Please!”
After a few minutes spent putting his bag away and changing his clothes, John returned to the kitchen. He checked the note he'd left on the table that morning:
Finally, they burst through the half-open door, hands groping and mouths still–remarkably–connected. John kisses became more insistent as he edged Sherlock back toward the bed. It wasn’t made. Sherlock hadn’t bothered this morning (he rarely did) and clearly Mrs. Hudson hadn’t had the opportunity…
Sherlock turned in John’s arms and cupped John’s face between his long-fingered hands. He regarded John carefully, as John did him. They searched each other’s features for the certainty they both felt.
Sherlock did not allow that train of thought to proceed. He couldn’t. He didn’t want to hear such words from drugged John. Fantasy John. John who would not remember.
Mycroft gestured for John to follow him into the sitting room. He sat on the sofa and left the chair for John. “I fear his contact with you has had some unforeseen consequences.”
“Which is precisely why I should have,” Sherlock huffed. He reached behind him to place a hand in the centre of John’s chest as the front of the cottage came into view. “Front door’s open.”
Sherlock watched as John checked it over, looking for damage. He couldn’t help the smile that crept across his face.
“Uh, well, yes. Yeah. I suppose,” John cocked his head with a grin. “Right down to business. All right.” John took a deep breath and launched into the fact-finding portion of the appointment. “You are an alpha and unbonded. Are you sexually active, and if so, how long have you — ?”
That chastised Sherlock well enough, for he nodded and said, “You’re right John. I apologize. I should have realized that I could entrust Moriarty with your well-being.”
Sherlock’s fingers twisted in response, and John keened. “You don’t have to worry about that John, we’ve come up with another solution.” Sherlock nodded to the toy at his side.
Mycroft held up his hand in a placating gesture. “No. I am only stating a fact. I am not even asking for a daily update. Merely…if you notice something amiss, please inform me. I think you’ll find that, if he does slip, you’ll need all the resources you can get.”
John suddenly realizes that these are the first words Sherlock has spoken since he first handed him a glass of water.
“Why?” Jim asked in genuine curiosity, “Two of them sought to cause you harm, and the other you barely knew. Why should their deaths affect you so?”
Sherlock nodded, and kept his eyes meekly on the floor. Snow slapped his hands on the table in fake joviality, “Right then, let’s talk in my office. I can think of a few grunt jobs you could do where a rail thin nobody like you would go unquestioned. The rest of these shits are too posh for it.”
John sat up and took the drink from her with a nod of thanks. After he’d quenched himself and warmed his fingers he asked, “I’m sorry if we’ve met, but I can’t recall your name?”
“That you have it here, where there is plenty of medical supplies in neat little cabinets, suggests that you’re used to carrying around provisions in a quick transportable item. Old habits, especially ones that were often the factors of yours or a stranger’s survival, are hard to break. Despite your leg you’re ready for combat at a moment’s notice, even though that the most excitement you’ll see here is a young
He encircles John’s half erect cock, looking into blearily unfocused blue eyes as he asks, “Would you like to come now? Or would you prefer if I untie you, and fuck you into oblivion on the bed?”
He collapsed onto the sofa. One deep breath in, and one out; John then tried to parse through the mess.
do dirty work. I also smoothed out any flaws present in the plan to reveal a prized aspect that not even dear Sherlock was aware of. I did all of this, and therefore, I argue, I also have a great deal invested in this project and it is just as much mine as it is his. We were wondering if you could aid us in settling who has more right to the project by virtue of your objective opinion.”
His hands wrenched away from himself, and John whines. A body pushes him back down onto his back, and his hands are pinned above his head. John bucks up, trying to get the person off of him so he can go back to getting rid of the pain. The result brings his erection right into contact with Sherlock's pelvis. He continues his wriggling.
“It’s not that I enjoy our separation. We just need things outside of each other. We need our own lives and to meet other people-”
Sherlock snorts derisively, “As wide as my reach goes, and as impressive as my abilities are, telepathy is not one of my talents John.” His gaze turns inwards suddenly, as if the possibilities of such an action had never crossed his mind. To be fair, they probably haven’t. What good is mind-reading to a man who can tell you your life’s story by looking at your sleeve cuff?
John regarded him for a moment. He sighed as though he was incredibly saintly to endure such a burden and said, “That I did.” He kissed Sherlock on the nose before falling asleep. John didn’t miss the smile on his face.
John snorted even though it costed him precious lung capacity. He knew Sherlock really was out of sorts if he was using cobbled grammar. “All right, but you brought this on yourself.”
He'll play along with Sherlock. Become his good toy. Until the timing is right, and then he'll gleefully put a bullet through his brain.
Sherlock’s lips warm under John’s gasp when he starts stroking John’s cock again.  It had flagged perceivably under John’s knowledge, and it takes a bit more effort on Sherlock’s part to get it hard again.
"Much better." Sherlock smiled, as his fingers danced over John's navel in reward. John's eyes narrowed in fury, but didn't close. Watching those eyes glow with suppressed rage was acutely like watching a hurricane from a beach. Sherlock stamped down his lust for the time being, and continued talking. "You should know John, that I care for you very deeply. I don't want to cause you discomfort, but I will if you force me to. That being said, I also will not take anything from you that you do not willingly give."
John was obligingly turned onto his front. He couldn’t tell if the shivering he felt in his limbs was from the unknown concoction, the chill in the air, or his own impotent combination of rage and terror.
When John's neck was exposed, Sherlock immediately latched on and began sucking. John attempted to twist his head back to get Sherlock off, but a hand painfully gripping his hair stopped him. "I don't want this." John spoke furiously, eyes now forced to stare at the wall. "I don't want you to touch me so get the fuck off of me."
“I’ve thought a lot about it today. And while my pride is…more than a little singed, I can’t help but feel like you had a point. We haven’t been talking. We barely even look at each other anymore. And I think it’s time we did something about that.”
John walked through the door without so much as a sentence formed, only to find Mary close to completely clothed.
The next time John wakes up, Sherlock is nowhere in his cell. He's still naked, and on the couch. Which, isn't a relief exactly, but he likes knowing that he wasn't that far asleep that he wouldn't even notice something like that. He sits up, rotating his neck and shoulders. John winces from the resulting pops and crackles. The couch isn't that comfortable to begin with, and sleeping on his side all night only exacerbated his discomfort. Not that he's going to complain to his "warden".
Sherlock releases a breathy chuckle, and finally shifts his hips in little teasing motions. He keeps his thrusts shallow, mindful of John's virginity. Besides, there is a rather perverse pleasure he gets in watching John slowly come apart under his teasing.
like he was the thing that was precious, made him feel like he could climb Mount Kilimanjaro in a day.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, reminding himself that it would be detrimental to his asking for help if he choked Moriarty.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asks, and God help him, there’s genuine curiosity and hope in that tone. John’s not sure whether to find that amusing or genuinely frightening.
The burn of his body lingered like a smoldering coal behind his navel. At the thickest juncture, he was certain his body couldn’t accommodate any more. The other two men stopped and waited with the patience of hunters before continuing.
And if that weren't goddamn enough, John shifts his body again to be sure, he's naked. The hysterical laugh he huffs out at that briefly scatters the spiders. The giggle doesn't stop for a little bit, and John clamps a hand to his mouth to tamper it down. The action of halting his breath jerks into awareness that he might not have a lot of air left.
"Maybe I could keep your eyes in a jar." Sherlock muses. That would be enjoyable, having those stormy depths all to himself. Keeping them preserved, forever available for his perusal. Though eventually the color would fade. Pity. It's John sudden pale pallor that informs him this was out loud. John tries to jerk back his hand, but Sherlock's grip is firm.
John comes down from his crest of painful ecstasy to realize Sherlock has continued talking, "This is not about you. Do you think I drugged you because you needed a night of absent inhibitions? Did you think this was about giving you an unparalleled night of exhilarating pleasure and torment? No. This is about me, John. About reminding you that, in the end, it will always be about me." The breath ghosts over John's nipples, and he whimpers. Savagely, Sherlock bites into the tissue of the areola. He sucks, hard enough to leave a large bruise. Sherlock speaks, aware that John can barely hear him now, "Your pleasure is mine John. It is always mine, and if you ever try to deny me what is mine again, I will up the dosage. Perhaps even add a hallucinogenic." He sounds musing, like he's willing to try it anyway, but moves on to the second nipple before he has time for the thought to cement.
John whipped around towards the sound, his wings flared and his tail twitched agitatedly behind him. The human male (tall, dark clothes, too much shadow and the rise from his slumber is briefly ruining his vision so he can't make out any features) backed up further into the wall.
“Something I cultivated,” Jim answered, “Sherlock and I often like to partake in little pet projects, as you know. I’m trying my hand at breeding new strains of tea plants.”
He's leaning out onto the ledge, surveying the futility of such a spot, when he finds the perfect hiding space. It's a small niche in the brick of the tower against the square room. He can fit into it standing, but he'll be squeezed on either side. Sherlock can think of several worse hiding spaces he's been forced to endure.
"No! No, John please, I just, want to go home and I have a cab waiting, but I couldn't stand being alone so, I know this is a big favor but could you please just-" this time he cuts himself off, choking back a sob.
Maybe it's a test. Maybe he's got a private phone record somewhere, and he's waiting for John to mess up. Waiting for him to fail, so he can start the 'training' all over again. Or move up to something worse.
Sherlock is blessed with one glorious moment of watching John's face change from shock, to realization, then pain from the needle and the betrayal, to anger, and yes, there it is, a hint of fear. Then the drugs have worked and John's eyes close and his body goes completely lax against the seat. Sherlock knows that duller people would call John's expression "peaceful", but Sherlock is far from dull.
Yet there are no rival gangs in this area, and Sherlock would have heard of a group of hand to hand combat vigilantes. Plus, the alley may be wide, but it's not nearly large enough to accommodate approximately twelve men in a serious brawl. At least not without bleeding into the streets, where people would have noticed and called the police.
John went to sleep in a most fitful state. It seemed that no matter what excuse he thought of, his mind looped back to the strange drink and the secrets being kept from him. Sherlock never returned to bed, but that was no wonder. They had yet to discuss their argument and reach a civilized conclusion.
Which had not been something he had thought of before rushing over here. What would Sherlock do if John suddenly confessed now? After he had dismissed Sherlock’s emotions, had accused him of being addled, and had compared his feelings to a previous disastrous scenario which had led him to a drug binge so bad he was nearly forced into rehabilitation.
John has one second of pure panic before a stun gun is pressed to his side. Agony flares along his nerves, and he passes out without another thought.
With those bleak thoughts weighing down his mind, John stepped back outside. Only to be greeted by several dozen stares. One man stepped forward, ringing his hands together.
“That is what Sherlock is so frightened over. To him, there is a possibility, however slim, that someone who shares your same interests and is certainly not unintelligent, has come by well means through occupation or birth, and possesses your similar knack for caring about others, will persuade you away from his side. Regardless of your feelings about him now, even you must admit that your union was one made quite hastily. Who is to say that there couldn’t be a deeper connection forged over time and mutual companionship?”
Slowly, the arm he was holding felt less like a power line. John kept it there for a few seconds longer to be sure, and then a bit more to act as a source of comfort. When he let his hand drop to his side, it felt distinctly colder.
“Selfishness? Yes, I suppose it could be termed as such. I would call it a desperate plea for survival.”
The boy was caught off guard by the interruption, but the anger had no time to emerge before Sherlock continued, “What use does a field worker have in the halls of your King?”
Frustration bubbled hot and clinging in the back of his throat. John had an urge to punch the wall until his knuckles bled, but a knock on his front door intercepted his urge for pointless violence. John leaned against the wall, drawing in long breaths through his nose. It didn’t calm the angry buzzing in his head.
When both men found themselves thrusting into an overspent and boneless John, they soon reached their own endings. One managed to pull himself free as he ejaculated, which coated John in a warm and sticky mess on the outside, as well as on his insides.
He doesn't see the little triumphant smirk Sherlock sends Jim's way. The shorter man scowls. This totally counts as foul play, John wouldn't have turned away if Sherlock hadn't made noise.
from Sherlock. He wanted to prove to himself, just once, that he can function like a civilized human being without Sherlock crowding his shadow.
"What?" God, did Sherlock only attract the stupid ones? Why did Jim get to have all of the witty banter?
“Of course Mycroft would insist on living in the poshest house I’ve ever seen. It belongs in a bloody magazine.”
“No, John,” Sherlock said, stoking John slowly to keep him sated, “When you wake up.” John was shaking his head, absolutely confused. He didn’t understand why this mattered. Was Sherlock attempting for dirty talk and just failing miserably?
“On loan from Mycroft,” he said, answering John’s unspoken question, how had he afforded all of this. “Get dressed.” Sherlock said, but didn’t leave.
“That obvious, eh?” he said, jaw clenched. “Not since...ah...uni? Couldn’t really...didn’t want to get discharged.” John was grinding his teeth as his continued to lower himself and now was pressed flush against Sherlock’s pelvis. “Ah...there.” He said, slouching forward.
“Yeah,” was John’s drained reply. “Just a sec.” He was huffing against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock looked down lovingly, tracing delicate swirls across John’s back. After a few moments, John moved his hips, grinding Sherlock into him. Sherlock lowers his hands and grips John’s arse firmly, moving his hip slightly.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock answered. John leaned down, mouthing at Sherlock’s hard cock though the sheer fabric of his panties. He could taste and smell and feel Sherlock. Sherlock’s precum created a noticeable wet spot on the fabric and John eagerly lapped at it. But he wanted more. He pulled at the waistband, Sherlock’s hips arching up as John slid the fabric away and over Sherlock’s boots, to the ground. Now he was free to take Sherlock in his mouth, and he did so, tasting the saltiness of Sherlock’s glistening cock, bobbing his head up and down, tongue swirling, as Sherlock felt his thoughts begin to float. Sherlock reached up, riffling through his bedside table and pulling John’s attention from his cock. He held out the bottle of lube and John took it eagerly, noticing it was practically full. Actually, John noticed, when he went to open it, it was full. It was even sealed. Never been opened. He looked at Sherlock, confused. Sherlock shrugged.
“If we’re infiltrating a party, why are you dressed like a woman? And where in bloody hell did you get those things.” John was gesturing obscenely to the breasts that he was positive Sherlock hadn’t magically grown while he’d been at the surgery.
“Sher. Lock. Please.” John’s breathing was heavy and he had to stop between each syllable. Sherlock stopped, sitting back on his heels. John whined at the loss of contact, but Sherlock kept his hands on John’s thighs.
“Mmmm?” was John’s response, his own cock now hard and pressed against Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock opened his eyes, his hands moving down John’s back to his arse, gripping and repositioning the smaller man so that their cocks were now pressed together. Sherlock pulled John against his chest, John’s hands wrapping around Sherlock’s thin frame, their hips both rutting forward. Sherlock could John’s shallow breathing in his ear as they glided over one another, their skin slick from the water. John pulled back, holding Sherlock’s face in his hands.
“Well, there were extenuating circumstances,” John replied. Sherlock and Mycroft stared hard at each other before Sherlock gave a slight nod.
“You would need to be gay to refuse Janine. Straight, single men who are obviously interested--as showcased by your affection through kissing and the fact that you actually did like talking to her--do not walk away from a blow job about to be given by a very pretty girl. Hell, straight married men don’t usually walk away from something like that!” Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at that statement.
“Why are you not more upset? Sherlock, a bullet just went into my forehead. My forehead. Between my eyes. Into my brain. What if you hadn’t been there?” What if Sherlock hadn’t been there? John would be dead. John would be dead so many times if it weren’t for Sherlock.
“It is most certainly fair. You’re the one who neglected to tell me that you’d never done this, therefore not allowing me to plan accordingly. Now you have to wait.”
John couldn’t quite pass the threshold of Sherlock and his 221B Baker street apartment when he saw Sherlock pacing in the sitting room. He just stood there, his mouth agape, and his eyebrows arched high in surprise and confusion. When Sherlock noticed him, he stopped pacing. Still, John stood there, looking exactly the same, or possibly even more taken aback because the reason for his shock was not Sherlock’s pacing--no, Sherlock did that quite often as he tried to burn off his incessant energy--but because of what Sherlock was wearing. John could see it now perfectly, not blurred by Sherlock’s quick pace, now perfectly still, directly in front of him.
John head is swimming, his muscles tight as he lets Sherlock mold him, lets him have him. Choked moans escape his parted lips and Sherlock drinks them in, sucking on John’s lowers lip.
Sherlock held open the majestic three-meter high door leading into the parlor. John felt as though he had walked back into the 1800s. While the house did appear to have electricity, the decor hadn’t been updated in at least the past century.
“Missionary then, eh?” John said, chuckling. Sherlock rolled his eyes indignantly, but they shuttered closed as John’s fingertips fluttered over the head of his cock. “Hmm, lube, Sherlock.” Eyes still shut, Sherlock reached to the nightstand, finding the full bottle of lube. John fought with the lid and poured some into his hand, warming it up, before sliding his palm down Sherlock’s stiff length. John paused.
And he did, leaning just that much lower, his soft lips pressing softly against the flesh, the glitter spreading to John’s lips. Wide-eyed, john pulled back, dropping Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock acted as though nothing had happened, instead grabbing one of John’s ankles and pulling it up to his lap. His thumb worked at John’s arch and the tension there, soft fingers lavishing against John’s heel. John sighed, blissfully, sinking deeper into the water and sliding closer to Sherlock.
“What are you going to do after you get it?” Sherlock asked slowly, trying whether to decide if carrying this on was a good idea or not. He couldn’t have John feeling so awkward after that he moved out. That wouldn’t do.
Then, without John or Sherlock meaning for it to happen, John’s foot brushed over Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock dropped John’s foot, his eyes snapping up. John was looking at him, surprise flushed red over his face. Had Sherlock been...hard? The dark look in Sherlock’s eyes scared him, but also pulled him.He pushed his foot back toward Sherlock, moving slowly, until it again brushed against his cock. Yep, definitely hard. John placed the ball of his foot against the base of Sherlock’s cock, slowly rubbing up the underside of his shaft. Sherlock leaned back against the edge of the tub, his hips moving up to John’s foot. John smirked, dragging Sherlock’s legs down and moving over them, placing his knees on the outside of Sherlock’s thighs, caught against the wall in the limited room. His hand closed around Sherlock, pumping up and twisting over the head of his cock. Sherlock’s breath hitched in his throat. His mind was spinning, not quite sure how John had ended up on top of him or where everything had escalated so quickly. John’s face was pressed into Sherlock’s neck, his teeth nibbling along the sensitive skin and raising goosebumps all over Sherlock.
John shivers as Sherlock presses one of this long fingers against John’s entrance, gently rubbing in circles, working to relax the muscle. “John.” Sherlock sounded firm, his fingers working absentmindedly as he thought. “Are you going to need lube?” It took a moment for the thought to process in John’s hazy mind. When it did, he groaned.
“Please what, John? What do you want?” John thought about it, feeling Sherlock’s weight in his hands before standing and tossing Sherlock onto the bed. John crawled on top of him, pushing his skirt up.
“Right. I’ll uh, I’ll be right back then.” John said, starting to rise, giving Sherlock an excellent view of his body. His cock stirred under the water. He watched John leave the room as he wrapped a towel around his waist. “Sherlock,” John called from the other room, “Are we going to need a rubber?” He immediately understood what John was actually asking. Sherlock, are you clean? John was hovering at the doorway now.
“Isn’t what, John?” Sherlock was propping himself up on his elbows now, moving into a sitting position, cautious. John looked up at him, his brow furrowed.
“Well, not often,” he admitted, “On occasion, I don’t mind, really. If you, you know.” Sherlock’s worried expression slowly transformed into a beaming smile as he understood.
Sherlock finished, sliding the shoe onto John’s foot, then did the same with the other. When John stood, his trousers hung perfectly, not touching the ground were before they had pooled at his heel.
John had been watching. And wondering what the hell Sherlock was doing. He assumed that had been the thief. John texted Lestrade and slipped into the hall. He could hear Sherlock giggling as though he were drunk as the man led him along the balcony above. When John could no longer see them, he went up the stairs as well. There were multiple doors on that end of the hallway and John had no way of knowing which one Sherlock had been lead into. He looked at them, hoping Sherlock had left some sort of trace. He had. On the last door in the hallway, there was a smudge of dark red lipstick. John pressed his ear to the door. Sherlock was speaking, making small talk, his voice slightly higher than usual as he attempted to sound feminine. The man laughed deeply.
“I was trying to decide if Moriarty could still be alive. I decided no, and that even if he was, it didn’t matter because there are always two of us.” He trailed off a bit at that last part, remembering the final scene his mind had played for him.
“Surely three continent Watson can last longer than that,” Sherlock said, smirking. He rose from his knees and was pulled into John’s lap. Toyingly, he began to undo John’s tie, sliding his jacket off, then unbuttoning his shirt, exposing the tan skin beneath. He placed kisses along John’s neck and down his chest, pushing him back onto the bed before licking one of John’s nipples, sucking gently as the nub hardened under his tongue. John’s hands ran down Sherlock’s back and under his skirt. He could feel the thin fabric of the panties he had only gotten to glance at while they were at the party. That felt like a lifetime ago. Sherlock’s arse rested in his hands as he rutted against John.
“Well,” Sherlock said slowly, “I didn’t think it was that important, and also, I thought that with all of Mycroft’s jabs, you would have figured it out. It’s not really that surprising, it is?”
“I’m far more of a lightweight than you, Mr. Melbourne.” Sherlock purred against the shell of John’s ear. “You probably ought to drink both,” He finished saying as his tongue lavished behind John’s ear. Sherlock felt John’s trousers tighten a bit under him, a reaction neither of them had been expecting, but when John looked to assess Sherlock’s reaction, he pretended as though nothing had happened.  Sherlock was resting against John, actually paying attention to the room now. He’d had his fun, what he’d been waiting for his chance to do, now he needed to focus. He noticed one man stuck out from the others and that the woman the man had walked in with was sitting alone on a sofa against the far wall while the man was mingling and appraising the others in the room. But it wasn’t sexual appraisal, at least not entirely. His pupils weren’t dilated and he wasn’t moving in on any of the other guests, just showing a facade of experience.
“How do you erase a whole bloody person. Sherlock! Your own sister!” John threw the door to 221B Baker Street open.
“Ah,” and John’s hand on his shoulder were the only response Sherlock received and he continued, slowly pushing up to his first knuckle before pulling out and working the finger back in. Sherlock continues this, enjoying John’s little “mmm”’s and “ahh”’s as he works in another finger and pushes them deeper. But when Sherlock curls his fingers slightly, pressing against John’s prostate, he receives an entirely different noise.
“Just promise.” Sherlock said, now allowing his tongue to venture back to the head, glistening with precum.
“Alright then,” John said, sitting up a bit, ”you’re going to have to wait until we have more time.” Sherlock’s eyes grew wide.
“What do you mean, ‘it didn’t go very well’?” Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it again, pursing his lips. After a moment of thought, he spoke.
“Don’t you think you should have asked? Ya’know, before just throwing my clothes into a case and whisking me off?”
“So, how are we going to know who it is out of all the guests?” Sherlock smiled, turning to look at John.
“Then you’re not as a good a detective as you claim,” John said, smiling and climbing up the bed to wrap himself around Sherlock. “You’re going to need to shower before Lestrade calls. You’ve still got makeup on.” Sherlock scoffed.
“It’s a fake heel, meaning on the outside it appears as though there is a heel, but inside there is none.”
“I need more,” he breathed, Sherlock’s eyes widened as he squirmed to open his legs but John’s thighs held him where he was. John shook his head, chuckling breathlessly. “Not like that.” John lifted his arse from where he sat on Sherlock’s thigh, scooting forward. Sherlock pulled him up, supporting him with his chest and shoulders. “Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, his fingers twitching an inch from John’s entrance. John nodded into Sherlock’s neck, sucking on the soft skin.
“Why? Virginity is a social construct, and it’s not as though being one or not being one would have changed me physically in any way, so I don’t really see why it matters.”
“Because, John, the shoes.” Sherlock picked one of the dress shoes from the bed, pushing John lightly to sit on the bed. He kneeled in front of him. That was a sight. Sherlock’s hair tousled and smelling of fruit and flowers from what he assumed was a woman’s shampoo, his eyes ice blue and framed by those lashes, his red lips so close...John looked up when Sherlock bowed his head to take John’s stockinged foot in his hand. “These shoes are the opposite of mine,” Sherlock was saying. “The heel is invisible from the outside, but on the inside adds a bit of height to your short stature. Just enough that we’ll be more easily believable.”
“Nope,” he said, popping around the ‘p’ sound. “You have an hour, eh, more like 45 minutes really.” John’s jaw dropped.
John kissed Sherlock, hot and wet and sloppy, pushing him backward until the backs of his knees pressed against the mattress. John pulled away and pressed down on Sherlock’s shoulder until he was sitting on the bed, his eyes flickering over John’s half- hard cock.
“Well,” Lestrade smiled at John, “I do work in law enforcement. Have to reinvent myself every thirty years or so. Welcome to the family, mate.” He clapped John on the shoulder.
“I want to.” Sherlock’s voice was velvet soft and John pressed his own nose against Sherlock’s and rested their foreheads together.
On John’s bed an outfit was laid out, made up of clothes he’d never seen before. A black suit with a red tie to match Sherlock’s skirt, a pair of dress shoes, and various gold jewelry, including a few rings and a beautifully intricate watch. Sherlock noticed that John gawked at the watch.
Just as Sherlock had hoped, the man excused himself from the other’s company and walked over to where he stood with the waiter, pretending to need a glass of champagne.
“Is it?” the man asked, tilting Sherlock’s chin up at him, making eye contact as he gently pressed his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock quickly made what he hoped was a believable whimper.
“That bullet had been obnoxious to dig out,” Sherlock said, eyeing John’s chest, “especially with you wriggling about. Though I guess it probably hurt quite a bit. She did shoot you. She knew I’d been watching. though, knew what would happen…” Sherlock trailed off. “I knew I was going to have to do it eventually. So much time had passed, you were going to start noticing that I wasn’t aging. You already noticed that I don’t eat often. I guess I was surprised you hadn’t figured it out as it was.”
“It’s not alright, Sherlock, you can’t just decide to go shagging while we’re on a case.” Sherlock noticed the hint of jealousy in John’s voice.
“John, please believe me when I say I didn’t think, and still don’t think, that there was another option at that point in time. I wanted to do it differently. Try to give you a choice, but Eurus is...impatient.” He took a shaky breath and closed his eyes.
“Stealing.” Sherlock said. “There will be many women wearing expensive jewelry and men with fancy watches, much like the one you’re wearing. There’s also going to be a display at the venue, imported jewels or something that are going up for auction later in the year. Lestrade is considered he may be targeting them.”
“Yes, god yes, SHerlock. Jesus, I want to feel you fill me.” John is shuttering, and Sherlock holds him tight as he begins to pump into him. It’s not long before Sherlock is bucking, spine arching, as he relishes in filling John. He leans back against the tub, breathing heavily. Sentiment. He thinks, but he finds he doesn’t hate it. He certainly doesn’t hate John curled against his chest. But the smaller man is shivering now, the bath water gone cold some time ago. Sherlock adjusts himself, sliding out of John and lifting John up, wrapping a towel tightly around him, before following him out of the tub.
Sherlock remain still, supporting as much of John’s weight as possible and allowing to him work himself down at his own pace. Slowly, John lowers a bit more. His hand leaves Sherlock’s shoulder and tangles in Sherlock’s hair instead, pulled the soft curls and the wet hair that has matted against the nape of his neck. He elicits a quiet gasp from SHerlock’s slightly parted lips and dives into a kiss, pressing his tongue into SHerlock’s mouth as he lowers just a bit more. Sherlock sucks in air as the head of his cock is engulfed by John. Both men stop, breathless. John shakes, his muscles screaming from the tenseness. Sherlock puts his hands onto the back of John’s thighs, trying to support his weight better. John sinks down another inch, his eyes scrunching shut.
He was recalling the conversation he had had with the DI a few days earlier. He had alerted Sherlock to a tip he had gotten about a possible theft that was planned for a New Year’s Eve party. Lots of wealthy individuals in attendance, though mostly a party for businessmen meant so they could leave their wives at home. Sherlock had hatched his own plan quickly, looking at Lestrade.
“O-oh, sherlock, again. Do that again.” Sherlock obliges, brushing his fingers, making a sound escape from deep in John’s chest. Sherlock smiles, adding a third finger, and working slowly until he can again press that sweet spot. He can feel John’s thighs tighten around him.”Sherlock.” He grinds his teeth. “I want you now.” His voice is low and full of need. Sherlock reaches for more of the coconut oil, slicking himself. He guides his cock to press against John gently, letting the other man adjust himself if need be. He straightens his back a bit and leans back onto Sherlock, the head stretching John open and causing his fingers to dig into Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock’s eyes turned steel blue and sharp. The man had figured him out. But how much had he actually figured out. “Shhhhh,” Sherlock said, his air of flirtation back, “Can’t let daddy find out,” he giggled.
“I’m sure Mycroft will be there if I am,” he said bitterly, “So I need you to do me a favour. I need you to be his date.”
“Oh John, you’ll see when we get there; the details are so boring to go over. Here, you need to drink this.” Sherlock handed John a lidded cup he had just pulled from a black mini fridge stashed in the corner.
“You mean you haven’t noticed before?” Sherlock feigned hurt, but then looked at John, smirking. He was joking. John let out a grateful sigh. Sherlock had been joking.
“I guess he needed someone to annoy for eternity.” Sherlock turned to look out the car window at the entry stairs they were pulling up in front of. “He was a new vampire when I returned from university. Mycroft never has been particularly good at self-control when he’s hungry.”
“She shot John!” he exclaimed, “In the forehead, right between the eyes!” Mycroft’s eyes widened a fraction before he and the rest of the Holmes turned their scrutinizing gaze to John. “She knew I had followed John,” Sherlock went on, “It was all a plot to make me turn him. Now she’s run off to hide from me, like a scared child.” Sherlock sneered.
“Oh, that’s okay, Sherlock,” he said quickly, “it might be a bit more awkward at first, but yeah, we can do that.” John didn’t mind being a bottom; he’d done it before. He just hadn’t pictured Sherlock as a top. Sherlock’s brow furrowed, and then his eyes opened wide in alarm.
“You mean to tell me your ass looks like that without a high heel?” John asked before he could stop himself. His mouth kept getting ahead of his brain.
“Well, do you remember the case with the hound at Baskersville?” Sherlock asked and John nodded, “and how I had mentioned that you had lost an entire Wednesday without knowing once?” Again, John nodded. “Well…”
The party was posh. There was no other way to describe it. People lounged on sofas sipping on scotch, gambled, mingled. Classical music was being played on the piano and a few couples were lazily waltzing. Mycroft and Lestrade where already there; Mycroft was, of course, rather good at this. Sherlock was watching him as they entered, wondering how he managed it and also how people were reacting to Lestrade. Upon inspection, Sherlock noticed that the men (and their much too young dates) were being polite and tactful while the slight tenseness in their body language showed their slight unease. Good. Well, not good really, but for their purposes tonight, good. Sherlock was still taking in the room when John led them to a sofa by one of the large room’s lit fireplaces. John sat first, expecting Sherlock to take a place beside him, and gasping unexpectedly when Sherlock plopped into his lap.
“God, John, you’re tight.” Sherlock could feel his cock throbbing. John leaned his forehead to Sherlock’s, looking into his eyes as he pulled his hips up and rocked them back down. SHerlock’s eyes rolled back.
“Well, yeah, Sherlock, obviously. I’m a doctor for christ’s sake, I’m aware of this. But it’s not about the physical. You’ve never done anything sexual?”
“What do you mean I couldn’t pull it off? You’re six feet tall. I’m much more in proportion with a woman than you.” His brain caught up to his mouth as he said it and deep blush rose to his cheeks.
He took John’s face in his hands and quickly leaned down, pressing his lips to the shorter man’s before John could register what was happening. When Sherlock pulled away, he continued to hold John’s face, scanning it for a hint at what he was thinking. He was smiling. Before Sherlock could think about it, John pulled him back into another kiss, sliding his tongue along Sherlock’s lower lip until Sherlock gave way, allowing John’s tongue to slip inside, teasing and tasting. When they came up for air, John pressed his face into Sherlock’s neck, a small whispered request making it’s way up to Sherlock’s ear.
“Yes, but now you can call me Sher and no one will think it’s out of place,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear. They were walking down the hallway toward the party after leaving their coats. Sherlock had been trying for months to get John to pick up on the pet name, but the man truly was oblivious to everything.
“Oh, no. But that’s how long it’s going to be before Lestrade calls me with a case he’s been working on. It’s an odd one, so I’m going to have to actually go to the crime scene. Lots of fun,” he finished, smiling.
When they arrived in downtown London, they stood in front of an impossibly tall building, watching flickering lights all the way to the top.
“Go to work at the surgery, like usual. What are you getting at Sher--lock,” his voice hitched as Sherlock stroked him a bit quicker.
“Sherlock, what is in here?” John asked when Sherlock walked through the door. Sherlock answered with a grunt. “Uh uh, you don’t get to do that. I had to leave work to sign for it. It’s from America. What the bloody hell is it?” John was angry. He’d had to leave the surgery early after a call from Sherlock, saying that Mrs. Hudson wasn’t going to be home and so he needed John to go home immediately. No explanation. So, exasperated, John had hurried home, only to find that the only reason was for a package. A package that had arrived from America. Sherlock strode into the kitchen where John was sitting, the package on the table. He smiled.
“But I was there. Of course I was there. She knew I was there.” They started up the stairs, but John stopped, tottering on a step just above Sherlock. Sherlock paused, just as John began to fall backward. Quickly, Sherlock scooped him up, and charged up the stairs to John’s bedroom, dumping him on the bed.
“I’ve just turned you. It’s somewhat of a big deal to sire a bloodling. Sherrinford will want to know what’s going on before the Volturi get wind.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said, irritation covering the mild embarrassment in his voice. He knew how to Google search ‘how to have gay sex’ and ‘how to bottom’. It wasn’t rocket science.
Sherlock was in the sitting room. Quick, jumpy notes were flying from his violin when John woke up. He glanced at the clock and cursed, of course Sherlock’s alarm wouldn’t go off when his usually does. Now he was going to be late to the surgery. He jumped out of bed, running to the loo and taking a shower that would have rivaled those he’d taken while in the service as far as speed went. He came charging out of the loo and toward his room, nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. He found Sherlock blocking his path, however.
“Quiet,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, acting as though he was nuzzling the man’s neck. “They’ll think we’re faking if you don’t play along.” John snaked his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, pulling him tighter against his chest and holding him in place. Sherlock’s position was innocent enough, just enough to signal to the room the type of relationship the two had, but not enough to draw extra attention, the way Mycroft and Lestrade were doing. The way Sherlock was whispering into John’s neck, however, had him feeling a bit fuzzy. A waiter came over, offering flutes of champagne, and John accepted two of them, holding one out to Sherlock.
John still looked confused, but finally said, “That I want you. And that you’re making it very difficult for me to get what I want.” Sherlock’s cock stirred when John said that he wanted him, but he paid it no mind.
“No!” John said quickly, reaching out and wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s ankle. “No, it’s okay. I just, I didn’t know. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Watch me, I may need to you come after me,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear before standing gracefully and walking to a waiter that was standing nearby the man and those he currently spoke with. He started a quiet conversation with the waiter, something about what they were serving and other details that were appropriate to ask.
“You obviously have much more experience in this area than I. You figure it out,” he said, waving his hand flippantly. John just nodded at that, and took Sherlock’s hand, leading him into the bedroom. Maybe when Rosie got back from where she was staying with John’s friends, they could turn John’s room into a nursery. It wasn’t like they’d be needing the second bedroom now. Mrs. Hudson had been right after all.
“Why is that funny, Sherlock? I’m almost sure you don’t even have any pants on currently.” Sherlock’s face grew serious.
“I’m not going to reward you for being trouble.” The smug look on Sherlock’s face dropped. He suddenly felt as though he had gotten something very wrong. He hadn’t expected John to react this way.
“Glasses or no?” Sherlock asked, placing simple, black, rectangular frames onto the bridge of his nose and then removing them.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, enthusiastically nodding his head. “That was sweet, though,” he said, quieter, “that you would do that. For me.” John actually blushed at that. He would do just about anything for Sherlock. Sherlock reached out for him, pulling him down so that he was on top of Sherlock.
“We had just been talking, I did like her, you know, as far as people go. She was slightly more than tolerable. But then she just sank to her knees in front of me, and at first I wasn’t really sure what she was doing. Thought she might have dropped something, though I hadn’t seen her drop anything. And then her hands were on my belt, and that really was too much already. I mean the kissing was...manageable, but really. So I removed her hands, stood up, and went to the sofa to watch crap telly. She must have got the hint because she didn’t try it again.” He paused. “She made an interesting comment to me a bit later. That she ‘knew what kind of a man I was.’ At first, I thought she was referring to the fake engagement and how that wasn’t the nicest thing, you know. But now, I think she might have meant she knew I was gay. Though that’s a bit of a leap, I think. I wouldn’t need to be gay to refuse Janine.” He rolled his eyes.
“You promise? Even if you regret it?” John looked down into Sherlock’s suddenly vulnerable face and Sherlock changed pace to distract him.
“John,” he said, his voice low, and John had a moment of doubt. Wavering, his grip lessened around Sherlock and Sherlock took the opportunity to spin and push John down on his bed. Sherlock hit his knees, slowly removing John’s shoes.
“Hello,” John said, striding across forward and shaking Sherrinford’s hand. “Hi, Molly,” he whispered, and she smiled at him.
“Oh, I do,” John assured, his voice low as he traced a finger along an even more extremely accentuated cheekbone, “but I also enjoy it much more when you look like yourself,” he finished, placing a peck on Sherlock’s nose.
The next chapter is probably going to have some holmecest flashbacks, which might get a little dark. not to bad I guess just kind of explicit.
“Hello, Lestrade. I need you to come upstairs. I’ve found him.” Pause. “Yes, the last room on the left.” He ended the call and turned back to the man, lifting his cell from him and after forcing out the man’s password began scrolling through it. When Lestrade and Mycroft entered the room, Sherlock ran down a list of evidence and John relented, allowing Lestrade to cuff the man and lead him off. Mycroft hovered for a moment, then turned to follow Lestrade down the hall. Sherlock and John looked at each other.
“I promise,” John said, shuttering and was rewarded with Sherlock’s mouth encasing most of his cock, hallowing his cheeks as he sucked, sliding up and down. “G-god Sherlock!” He twirled his hands back into Sherlock’s curls, guiding him to move faster. John could feel himself stiffening, so close to losing it, he prepared to pull Sherlock away, but just seconds before, Sherlock pulled his lips from John’s cock with a loud pop sound.
John was standing in the kitchen, wrestling the box open. Once he did, he found there to be a thick catalog laying over a thousand packing peanuts. Across the front of the catalog “LUSH” was scrawled in messy font. He moved the catalog aside and dug his hands into the box. Inside, he found about a dozen bathbombs packaged within, various shapes, colours, and scents all mixed together.
“Bath bombs are wonderful,” John said, seeming dazed. Sherlock chuckled. They’d have to try out the one called Sex Bomb tomorrow night.
“Oh, right. I guess I don’t.” They stood there, at the bottom of the stairs for a moment, before John’s hands were tangled in Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock’s lips lustily pressing wet kisses along John’s neck, and John’s towel forgotten on the floor between their feet. “Sherlock,” John breathed. “Sherlock, we probably shouldn’t shag on the stairs.”
“Oh, John! I was joking!” he said. “Could you really believe? Oh, John, come on now, you’re not that daft.” John was staring at him.
“I--“ Sherlock sniffed, “I’ve been a vampire since 1887. Mycroft too. Eurus came later, as did Gavin. The rest were before.”
“Yes, I see my brother has finally taken it upon himself to turn you, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said disdainfully. John smiled tightly.
“Come along,” Sherlock said to John, pulling him up to the door. A large, bristling man stood at the entrance. John walked up to the podium behind which the man was standing.
“Hmm, no it doesn’t.” Sherlock began to spout of all the reasons for why, in fact, it did make more sense, as John cocked his head to the side and smiled. “I’m not rubbing you off in the shower, Sherlock.” Then, John turned and went into the bathroom, locking the door behind him. He stepped under the cold water and shivered. It had been a good idea to lock Sherlock out. He wanted to do this right and re he couldn’t risk that. There would be plenty of time for shower sex later. There was no rush; neither of them were going anywhere. He found the thought incredibly satisfying.
Sherlock watched John intently, barely breathing, as John breathed over his hand. His lips were millimeters away, but Sherlock refused to move his hand up to them. John had to do this.
“Wha-what?! You’ll what?” But Sherlock had already left for his bathroom. He turned on the spigot to the deep claw-foot tub and allowed the hot water to pour in. He quickly undressed, leaving the door open, and sat in the tub, allowing the water to rise, until it was a few inches from the edge. He turned off the water.
“Wha- Sherlock. We’re not done talking about this.” John was trying to sit up but he felt terribly light-headed. When Sherlock didn’t look at him, he felt his temper flare. “Sherlock! Stop it and look at me!” Sherlock froze, bent over a drawer, and then ever so slowly, turned on his heel, straightening to look at John.
“You need to get dressed or we’re going to be late.” Suddenly, a terrifying thought rushed through John’s mind.
John saw Sherlock’s face fall, watched as the man in front of him became very small as he looked down and shuffled his feet a bit. John’s heart ached. Sherlock had been trying to do something good, and while it was selfish, it was also for John.
“Yea-wait,” John thought. No he didn’t. He’d run out last week and hadn’t bought any yet. “No.” He said, defeatedly.
“Well, it’s not like you were gulping blood in front of me.” John’s mood was sour, but he was getting fidgety with Sherlock being all…soft.
“I don’t know Sherlock,” John said, impatiently, bucking his hips a bit, “Probably sleep, like a normal person.”
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” a tall man standing by the settee said, and John tore his gaze from the rest of the room. The man looked like a more severe version of Mycroft and definitely had a bigger stick up his ass. Beside him stood Molly, looking especially petite and frail.
“Any limits?” John asked, kneeling to remove Sherlock’s pajama bottoms and pants. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up.
“I don’t have anything oil based,” Sherlock mused. Why was that? He thought. “Hmm...There’s coconut oil in the kitchen.” John raised up to look  at Sherlock, his brows arched.
“A case?” John’s brain was being a bit slow, still dumbfounded by Sherlock’s appearance, something about it causing a feeling John didn’t quite understand.
“No. Mary has been having some trouble adjusting to our lifestyle. Eurus took her hunting. She’ll be gone for the week.”
“Alright, alright,” John said, “Just let me get dressed.” Sherlock’s head snapped up excitedly, then he paused, furrowing his brow.
“Nope,” John answered, jumping out of bed. “Are you going to shower or should I go ahead while you pout some more?” With that, Sherlock’s face did become pouty.
“It’ll be an eye opening experience,” he mock promised. John stood for another moment, drinking in Sherlock’s white skin and the gold that was already covering his hands, and began to undress. At first, he felt self conscious, but thankfully, Sherlock’s eyes didn’t look up, instead inspecting the object in his hand. John climbed in, hissing at the heat of the water.
“John, you do realize you’re talking to a man who drugged his entire family on Christmas day in order to work on a case, correct?” John nodded, now realizing there was no getting out of this.
“It would be good on the stairs,” Sherlock muttered. “It wouldn’t matter if it was the first time or the hundredth time, John, I’m going to remember being with you forever and it’s always going to be good.” John hesitated for a second, processing Sherlock’s words, their meaning, a possible change in opinion due to the new information. Sherlock could read it clearly across his face, and said after a moment, “Fine, John, fine. To the bedroom. Where we can have sex in the missionary position with all the lights off, and afterward, I’ll smoke and you’ll go have some tea. Brilliant.” In reality, Sherlock didn’t actually mind this scenario, but he did feel the need to be dramatic.
“Hmm, yes,” Sherlock said, his attention now on one of John’s jumpers. “She’s actually an adopted sister.”
“I don’t bottom.” John paused, and then looked up at Sherlock who was looking back at him innocently.
John had breathed again when he heard Sherlock speak, but now, with that sound, a feeling of dread washed over him. Was he supposed to interrupt or would Sherlock be upset if he did? What if Sherlock simply wanted this? What if it was for the case? He heard the bed creak again.
Go! Go! Go! Sherlock cries to his body, but it betrays him like it never has before and instead he crumples over, folding over himself on the forest floor.
“He’s going to run. He’s a wolf.” Sherlock cries again. These idiots are acting like they’re dealing with a ne'er-do-well man, not a blood-thirsty beast.
But he still dreams of dogs. Every night, before bed, he thinks of big hunting dogs and lets his mind wash into sleep imagining running with hounds and having adventures...
Sherlock’s not hungry in the slightest, but if he doesn’t come home mommy and daddy will worry, and worse yet, might come look for him. If they catch the young boy this far in the woods he’ll be in trouble for sure.
“Wolf? Did you hit your head, boy?” The first man asks, both incredulous and concern bleeding through his voice.
Sherlock doesn’t even notice him at first, too busy hunched over a small promising looking bush growing out of the base of a massive tree root.
He observed John's fingers, splayed over the covers where they draped over his abdomen. Small, but sturdy and nimble. Steady. Hard.
“My heat starts next week,” John said softly. “Wednesday. You can play with my sloppy cunt all you like then, too. As long as you let me keep my hips elevated.”
He spent the better part of the day working on his book. He was fortunate that a publisher had expressed interest early on. The contract gave him a pleasant (if not substantial) advance and meant that he had editorial support from the start. He kept his phone on as he worked and, sure enough, at about two in the afternoon there was a text from Sherlock with a reservation and an address.
She nodded. “I’ll let the duty nurse know.” She laid a hand on the fist John hadn’t even realized he was clenching. “I’ll see you both tomorrow.”
John set his cup down and wrapped one arm around his mate’s waist. “I know you’re worried, but I’m fine, yeah? I’m pregnant, not ill. And keeping my stress down includes you not giving me aggro every time I want to go somewhere.”
"Really?" Sherlock's head came up. They stared at each other in the dim light coming through the window.
Sherlock considered this for a moment. As fresh starts went, it wasn’t so bad. It was subject appropriate. It held some personal value. He could build around that.
“Yeah. And it was really nice. To be heard and understood. I always had the sense back then that you were listening to me because it was expected, not because you were genuinely interested in the answers.” She sighed. “But then, obviously, you were in love with someone else.”
Sherlock nodded solemnly. He was not given to effusive sentimentality, particularly for people he did not know, but John knew he could easily identify with the struggle. Being outside of society’s norms, in whatever way, could be incredibly painful. A greysexual alpha who’d had no interest in mating certainly understood what it meant to be different.
“Come on, Trouble,” he said, propelling them back down the pavement. “Let’s get home before one of us comes in our pants.”
“Hamish.” John grimaced. “I think Arthur is a great name, but I don’t know that a little boy would want to be called ‘Artie.’”
He knew there was a way out. He knew it. Mycroft and Sherlock assured him that Sherlock would have an exit.
“Christ, oh, christ. I'm so hard I feel like I'm going to burst. FUCK. Watching you makes me so hot. Oh, god, oh, god....Sherlock, Sherlock...Sh—”
“He was,” Greg confirmed. “I really thought I was beyond this. I didn’t think it could happen to me this late on.”
John sucked hard at the tender flesh of Sherlock’s neck. He nibbled, gently at first and then biting into the sharp relief of Sherlock’s clavicle. Coming up for air, he stared down into the crystalline eyes he loved. “You are so beautiful.”
“Well, well, well!” Dr. Khamir, the surgeon of record, peered through the door, her smile broad. “Look who’s awake.”
Why had he let Sherlock leave? Why had he gone through with the wedding at all? God, his heart had never been in it.
He continued stroking Sherlock over his pyjamas. Sherlock arched into his touch, sliding down until his cheek was resting against John’s shoulder. John cradled Sherlock against him. He pressed kisses into Sherlock’s hair as he tugged at the drawstring waist on the pyjama bottoms. “You are my good boy, aren’t you?”
Mycroft nodded. He addressed his two agents then. “Take Dr. Watson to the car. I’ll be down presently.”
“FUCK!” John’s hips stuttered at the spike of pleasure from his chest. His breast tissue had not fully developed yet, but his nipples had already become terribly sensitive. He wound his fingers into Sherlock’s now-damp curls and clutched his mate to him. “Fuck, yes. Oh, god, suck hard. Oh, Sherlock…”
Sherlock stopped in front of John’s chair, dropping to his haunches. He cupped John’s cheek with a smile. “Rest easy, John. I have complete faith in you. Mycroft seemed quite sure of you, but there were others who required assurances, which I will give them without reservation. Though you may need to sign something…”
Sherlock flushed as he gave his mate a sidelong glance. John nodded. He stood and thanked the doctor, not waiting for Sherlock as he strode from the office.
“When I saw it in the paper, I thought Emily might enjoy it,” Sherlock replied, crossing his legs. They had retired to a bench with the other parents while the history experience program was going on. “She’s a very curious child. Very bright.”
“A prototype,” Sherlock said casually. “For a virtually undetectable, hand-held nuclear device with enough power to destroy ten square kilometres.”
There was shouting out on the platform—the train was already pulling away, but one of the platform crew had heard the shots. John spied the man through the window, frantically tugging his radio out.
John sat passively on the edge of the bed, smiling up at him with incredible tenderness. He reached up to rub a thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone. “My god,” he muttered wonderingly. “How did I ever get this lucky?”
“Yeah, it is,” John agreed. He stood and reached for his weapon, checking to make sure it was ready to fire. He bent then and blew out the remaining candle. “Stay very quiet. I’ll be back.”
Sorry for the delay in updating. I have been in hell with a herniated disk in my neck and really gross commitments at work. A couple of chapters today and then the finale (and porn) next week!
“The newspapers were right all along. I want you to tell Lestrade; I want you to tell Mrs Hudson, and Molly. Tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes.”
Sherlock slowly released his grip on Mary’s throat; she coughed and sputtered as she pulled free and moved to where Janine stood.
Greg snickered. “They do not.” His expression grew more serious. “I just worry they’ll think the worst. I’ve been bonded before and Mycroft and I had never even dated before my heat. The baby was an accident.”
“Perhaps,” Mary said cheerfully, setting a platter of meat and veg down in the centre of the table. “But he’ll never find this place. It’s under an assumed name. I have a few. It’s never a good idea to get yourself tied down.”
John groaned, pulling the pillow over his head as the exuberant two-year old clambered up onto the bed beside him. “Sherlock!”
John screamed as Sherlock pushed through the last barrier, driving his knot inside John’s slick passage. At the very same moment, John felt the sharp sting of Sherlock’s teeth at his throat, binding them together. He spent himself all over their nest as Sherlock flooded him from within.
“That ought to keep everyone busy,” Janine said. She moved toward the kitchen at the back of the cottage. “This has been a lot of fun, really it has. But it’s time for me to move on. Enjoy your last moments together, boys!”
Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of John. “Fine. Let me fix it. Tell me what you need to hear. What can I say to prove to you that we
He pictured Sherlock's steady hand as he held the gun on Moriarty at the pool. He would have been happy to die with Sherlock then, knowing they were going together and preventing Jim from killing again.
“Never mind,” John sighed. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “After Bart’s, I couldn’t bear being cast as the grieving widower. Not when we weren’t …” He shook his head. “So, anyway, it’s not being gay. Or in my case bisexual, I guess.” John pondered this with a funny expression, as though in saying it out loud suddenly everything in the world had just settled into place.
Sherlock reached to the side, where John’s bag lay on the bed and began to fumble within as John continued his ministrations on Sherlock’s other nipple. Sherlock was grunting with desperation as he threw pants and socks out on the floor. “Fuck! Where…oh, thank god.”
The shrouded body swung immediately in the direction of the door. A tiny patch of face appeared in the centre of the white sheet bundle, revealing a wide-eyed detective.
Sherlock was waiting in the sitting room. The door pushed open, very slowly, and John Watson appeared.
“Oh, don’t worry about me,” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “I was planning to leave tonight for my sister’s anyway. You two have a lovely time. I’m so looking forward to the party!”
He entered the flat and immediately began to strip, unable to bear the feeling of the clothing against his sensitive skin. He shut and locked the door behind him—Sherlock had a key, if he was planning to come home at all, but John couldn’t afford to leave himself vulnerable.
John shrugged. “I don’t, really. I mean, I don’t know him, do I? He’s just someone off the telly, and he happens to be a decent presenter.”
John struggled to stand, Greg doing likewise. They set off on the path in a slow progress back to New Scotland Yard.
John chased his own orgasm, scooping a little of Sherlock’s spunk to use as lube as he continued to rut against Sherlock’s softening cock.
John looked down into the face of a boy, about 10 years old. He was sitting next to an older woman in a kerchief (his grandmother?) who was holding his hand very tightly. “Yes?”
Molly rolled her eyes and marched into the sitting room. Sherlock followed, casually taking her coat and setting it on John’s chair. “Tonight. Please, Sherlock…”
“Of course,” Sherlock said quickly, looking a bit bewildered. “Right. Yes. I-I apologize. Of course you need time to think about everything. There is plenty of time for you to decide if you would be able to work alongside me in this venture.”
He wasn’t sure why he was nervous, mostly because he wasn’t entirely sure who he was expecting. The woman who’d rung his office for the appointment had said only that it was an urgent matter. She’d made it very clear to Lucy that her employer was a government official of some note.
John smirked; clearly gratitude did not come easily to the younger Holmes. “All right, then,” he said. He retrieved his pen and clicked it. “Let’s get started.”
“Problem?” Sherlock’s expression was confident, cocky even. Yet somehow, John could see a trace of uncertainty. The uncertainty of a man who isn’t often moved to make himself vulnerable with anyone; something he had just done with John. Twice.
“So you made me a murderer,” Sherlock muttered, following Janine’s movements back through the room to the fireplace where she retrieved a loaded handgun from the mantel.
John removed his fingers from Sherlock’s willing body and began tugging at his trousers, suddenly desperate. Sherlock turned, surprising him with needed help in dealing with his flies and freeing his swollen prick. Sherlock stroked him firmly and John nearly blacked out.
They were standing at the far end of the main runway at London City Airport. The remains of a body had been discovered in the early morning hours—it had been reported by a commuter pilot as “refuse” at the end of the approach. Sherlock was crouched over the largest section of the corpse with his pocket magnifier.
“Yes, well, I thought perhaps it would be best to dispense with the family introductions before the other guests arrived,” Mycroft said wearily. “If you’ll follow me; my parents are waiting in the conservatory.”
Sherlock let his gaze follow the breadth of John's shoulders. Not excessively broad, but reflecting the years of physical training he had endured. Hard.
"Voila. Monsieur Holmes requested something very quiet. I understand it is a special occasion, yes?"
Sherlock shoved heavily into John’s body as he recklessly and awkwardly smashed his mouth into John’s.
“Please listen to me, Sherlock,” John started, his voice husky. He reached across and placed a hand on Sherlock’s knee. “I would happily do whatever you asked of me if it meant I could be near you. But seeing you again — I don’t think you understand what it means to me.”
“When it became clear that wasn’t the case, I started doing some research into broken bond babies. That’s when I learned it was possible. There have been only five documented cases, but it is possible,” John said. “Pregnant omegas whose alphas were missing and presumed dead—injured badly enough or dead just long enough to cause a broken bond—but whose unborn babies somehow, miraculously, bypassed the process. All five were born within weeks of the broken bond instinctively knowing that something was missing. They KNEW their alpha parents were alive.”
Drew stared up at him with wide blue eyes, but said nothing. He grinned, exposing his two new teeth.
John groaned, kissing Sherlock once more before somehow getting them both to their feet. “Your room?”
There was a long pause. John knew that Sherlock was deducing exactly what he was doing in the bathroom, and that he was debating barging in to pester John for the results. Instead, there was a sigh of resignation.
They stared at each other. Sherlock knew his own drug-dulled heartbreak, that day on the tarmac, was mirrored in John’s grim expression.
“We’ll look it up later,” John said. “In a nutshell, it means that you can experience sexual attraction under the right circumstances, but more often than not, you don’t. It is fairly atypical in alphas, but not unheardof. The suppressant drugs certainly help graysexual alphas feel more comfortable in their own skin.”  John smiled at Sherlock. “I certainly enjoyed your early interest in sex, but I was aware that it would probably settle down. And that’s fine. Sexual intimacy is not the only kind of intimacy.”
“Mycroft is worried sick that I am going to regret it, but…” Greg pursed his lips and cocked his head. “Yeah, well, I’ve been thinking about it a lot and…I think…I think I’m going to put in for early retirement.”
It seemed like ages later, as they lay tied together, when something of John’s rational mind returned.
“And I know how to do stuff.” John was nibbling now—feathery, butterfly brushes of lips and tongue along the length of Sherlock’s slender neck.
“Yes, well, I did. A bit.” Sherlock lifted a hand to gingerly finger over the bandages that covered most of the right side of his head. “They said I had some rubble embedded in my scalp, and a piece of glass nearly took my ear off. Doctor said my brother’s people almost missed it…”
Sherlock glanced around as their server approached the table. "Do you want another or should we do wine?"
“Don’t thank me. You did all the work.” Sherlock moved into the room and dropped gracefully to the floor to sit cross-legged beside the tub. “Too much work. Are you feeling all right?”
The mention of the “uniform” pricked Sherlock’s perhaps underutilized conscience. When he didn’t move to obey the order immediately, John started to sit up.
“Thanks,” Greg said. “It’s funny—I didn’t think I would ever have this chance and now…” He trailed off as he teared up. He turned his face into Mycroft’s neck.
“You know I do,” John said hoarsely. He reached out and drew a finger down over the line of Sherlock’s cheek. “You are the handsomest man I’ve ever known. God, how I want you.”
to go around.” He looked down into John’s eyes with contentment. “I’m very proud of my contribution to that legacy.”
“No! Please. I’m sorry. Sir.” The words tumbled loose as Sherlock edged closer to John in supplication. “I didn’t mean to…”
“You’re right, of course. I should have known that my years of denial would come at a cost, and that by asking you to share my life you’d be forced to bear those consequences with me.”
“I’m right here,” Sherlock said, striding back in from the bedroom. “I was gone less than a minute.”
“Not quite,” Sherlock said smugly. “No, it’s a simple matter of observation. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But your hands and the small Rod of Asclepius on the tag on your bag say doctor. So Army doctor—obvious. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp’s really bad when you walk, but you forget about it when you’re distracted, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan…Afghanistan or Iraq.
“John, I honestly couldn’t tell you what he smelled like, besides cigarettes!” Sherlock ran a hand over his hair. “I’m suppressed, remember? He wasn’t important and I had something on my mind, so I wasn’t paying any attention to him at all…outside of the traces of nicotine. I
“Liar,” Sherlock whispered, leaning in to breathe this last into John’s ear. With that, he released his grip on the hand John had left on his knee—he slid his fingers away from the underside of John’s wrist, where he’d been taking John’s pulse.
“Absolutely,” John said firmly, addressing Mary. “Though we’re adding surrogates as we find them. We’d rather have the right people than take anyone just to say we have x number of surrogates of each gender.”
He rolled Sherlock’s balls in his palm before wrapping his fist around the warm cock. He pulled once, slowly.
Oh, he still treated a few special patients and was every inch the doctor, but John had been invited back to the battlefield by his bondmate, Sherlock Holmes. His PTSD had faded and he’d thrown himself headlong into the fray at Sherlock’s side.
For a moment — just the fluttering of a heart long left to its own devices — John gave in. He leaned into the touch of long fingers holding him fast by his upper arms and gently kneading the flesh there. He surrendered to the firm pressure of Sherlock’s mouth, which was far softer than John would have imagined.
“Get back in your room and stay there!” John shouted, waving at the man as he continued toward the door to the lounge car. “Get in! Go!”
John used one hand to cup Holmes’ testicles while with the other he teased over the length of his passenger’s stiffening cock through the fine wool trousers.
John shook his head, still feeling a little shaken by the prospect of an unexpected heat. “Thanks. Thank you.”
“You know you can always stay for tea, if you like.” Greg checked his watch. “My is due home any minute. He’s going to work at home for a bit and then he’s mine for the rest of the day.”
“It’s just—I know you hadn’t planned on having children. I know I am less than helpful sometimes. And neither of us wanted to fall into ‘traditional’ gender roles.”
John relished the softness of Sherlock’s foreskin as he explored from root to tip. Sherlock moaned and buried his face in John’s neck.
“You made your feelings about my presence in your home very clear. However, I wanted to make one final attempt.” He looked John in the eye. “I would like to offer you and Christopher the comfort of family.”
“John, you are a good man with terrible relationship skills—or at least you were. You were always making things up to me instead of making them good to start with.”
That Sherlock was the handsomest man John had ever seen was certain. That he was the cleverest human being John had ever known was undeniable. That he had—for some unknown reason, after years of trying to avoid his biological impulses—chosen John as his omega still utterly baffled the good doctor.
Sherlock nodded and leaned in to confer with the waiter about the options. A few minutes later, the young many departed. A few minutes after that, the sommelier appeared to serve their very special wine.
Sherlock howled as John slammed into him twice more and roared his completion, Sherlock only seconds later.
“I have something in mind. It’s just outrageous enough that Magnussen will believe it, once Mary texts him.”
There was more activity closer to their position and Sherlock found himself surround by three additional soldiers, two bearing a stretcher.
“You should keep watching, brother dear,” Sherlock taunted gently, never taking his eyes from John. “You just might learn something.”
John snuggled into his lover’s warm body, delighting in the deft touch of Sherlock’s fingers in his hair. He pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s chest and began to drift.
“Yes, you,” John chuckled. He glanced at the other pedestrians; some of them were smiling at John and Sherlock as they took in John’s bump. “One would think you’d done something very impressive in knocking me up.”
John's other hand, which had been tucked in under the duvet at his side near Sherlock, came up and tangled in Sherlock's hair. John stroked Sherlock's curls, his sleepy expression giving way to something more expectant and heated.
Sherlock, on the other hand, had unpacked and was ensconced on his laptop. He had most of the details of the case clear, he thought.
“I’m-I’m-I’m not in heat,” John stammered. He inhaled deeply, remarkably turned on by his mate’s familiar scent.
"Let me stop you there," Sherlock said abruptly, holding a hand up. "I don't think we should do this now."
John’s legs nearly gave way as Sherlock dropped to his knees and unceremoniously pressed his face into the springy hair at John’s crotch. Sherlock nuzzled and sniffed and hummed his approval; John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s shoulders to keep his balance.
Sherlock paused in the kitchen, dug a kettle out from behind one of the file boxes by the window and switched it on. He padded out into the sitting room and stopped before the wing-back chair across from John.
Sherlock stared helplessly, once more overwhelmed with the need to offer physical comfort. John was crying.
Sherlock slanted his mouth over John’s with a broken moan. He tasted eagerly, and somewhat more expertly than he had when they’d met. He teased at John’s tongue, which caused John’s prick to twitch in his trousers. John melted into the embrace.
“I’m a loyal subject and a soldier. I’ll do what I can to protect your secret.” He lifted the tin cup in offering and Sherlock nodded. John lifted his head carefully and pressed the cup to his mouth. Sherlock swallowed and nodded his thanks, and John rested his head back against the pillow. “Is Victor your…boyfriend?” John asked cautiously.
John listened to the ramblings of his slumbering patient, leaning one shoulder against the arched entryway to the shrine with his arms crossed. He couldn’t quite bring himself to go back to Sherlock’s bedside. Their last conversation had shaken him to his core.
They’d been following a lead in Bromley, just out from Crystal Palace Station. It had been a relatively uneventful excursion. In truth, it was nothing they couldn’t have done on the internet, but Sherlock had felt it was important to get John out of the flat for a while. He’d been sullen and difficult for days.
John looked down at their hands and twined his fingers with Sherlock’s. He nodded his understanding, but then smiled up at Sherlock with just a hint of wonder.
“Look, love, I’m not going to pretend that I’m looking forward to childbirth or that I like the housekeeping or changing nappies. Yeah, it feels like that old-fashioned ‘omega’s work’ sometimes. But the thing is, physically I’m the one who has to have the babies. If I’d never bonded or had the boys, I would be so very, very lonely.”
“Please, call me John. Nice to see you again, as well,” John replied, shaking the offered hand. “We’re all very excited to have you join the practice.”
Mycroft was brilliant, Sherlock could grudgingly admit, but he lacked imagination. He simply didn’t understand.
John let that settle, turning to watch their kids playing happily together on the floor. Em and Drew had developed such a strong bond that they usually only fought when they were overtired. Em was almost always the leader. She would hand Drew toys and point to where she wanted them. She would pat him gently and he would say something to her in their shared language. It was sweet, and getting to watch his little one this way always made John feel a bit misty.
Sherlock's eyes crinkled at the corners. "Relax, John. I know Chef Tell—he is a master of classic French cuisine. There will be plenty for you to enjoy."
“Cross? No. Not at all,” John said firmly, setting the cup back down on the stone ledge beside him. “I’m worried. I had hoped that your lungs would be showing improvement.”
“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Sherlock muttered, trying to gather himself…and failing to when facing the lovely warmth of John’s chest against his own. The lovely feel of John’s plaid shirt where his fingers clung to the fabric over John’s shoulders. The hint of John’s after-shave and the homely scent of whisky and spicy Chinese food. He didn’t want to stand up. He didn’t want to let go.
Sherlock stared back at him, tears drying on his cheeks. John hesitated for a moment—hoping—before Sherlock turned away to look back out the window.
“Let’s not think about this in terms of deserve. Let’s think about this in terms of need. Right now, you need to be home and you need some space. I can give you that.”
“Mary, what is it? You sound upset? What’s wrong?” John sat up and swung his legs over the edge of the bed.
John smirked. “Oh, yeah. Honestly, I was going to mention it sooner, but I got side tracked with that embezzlement case.”
John could feel the reason against his belly. Sherlock was as hard as he was. He shifted until Sherlock’s muscular thigh was between his legs and pressed his own aching cock into it as he rubbed his torso against Sherlock’s prick.
Sherlock took in the description of the piece from the card beside it. “Good name,” he muttered, amused.
Sherlock tried not to look too pleased. He shrugged. “I, uh, just thought—you know with everything going on today…I thought you might be hungry, is all.”
John used his hands to guide Sherlock’s over his body. Together they explored every inch of him. He led Sherlock to smooth over his thighs and play with the coarse hair there, and then to caress his hips and up over his ribcage. He took Sherlock’s elegant fingers and placed them over his nipples, nudging until Sherlock got the idea. John gasped and moaned as his alpha pinched and teased the sensitive buds.
Sherlock brushed his fingers over the short hair at John’s nape. “The surveillance footage has been erased. You supervisor, should they ever have any suspicions about you, will be very quietly warned off. All we have now is to get me put back together.”
“You…you’ve forgotten something, haven’t you?” Holmes asked tremulously. He peeked at John over his shoulder again, turning his face this time until he could look John in the eye.
“Sherlock, is something wrong?” Molly piped up, also looking very concerned. Neither she nor John had tasted their coffee.
“That’s all I ask,” Sherlock said. He turned back to his chair and retrieved his coat. “Better dash—my train leaves at 10:30. Don’t forget your gun.”
“Oh, not much. Archie and his mate are coming over with Archie’s mum. He wants to show her the mould cultures they’ve been growing.”
“Oh, that’s—sorry about the scent,” he snuffled and swiped at his eyes as he pulled back to look at Sherlock. “Mary was in today. She was there when I got the news. Gave me a hug.”
He stomped to the table—or at least waddled as angrily as he was able—and came to a stop between his rival and his mate.
His parents’ quarterly visits to town were always a chore. He was not an effusive person and his mother had a tendency to be overly affectionate. Still, he supposed he should be grateful—he had only recently been required to share the responsibility for entertaining them.
“God, I hope your brother is early.” John stood with a crooked grin and collected the two boys. “Come on, you two. We need to get cleaned up. You’re going to go spend a few days with Gran and Grandad.”
“Oh. Well, yeah. Good. Sure.” John shook his head again and finished doing up his jacket. He nodded at Greg. “See you.”
“Sorry, doctor,” the nurse said softly. “Dr. Khamir would like to speak with you in the family lounge.”
Sherlock had ordered dinner from the old Chinese place at the end of Baker Street. All of John’s favourites. He’d special ordered the duck the day before. He was laying the food out on the coffee table when John finally reappeared.
He had been staying at the old flat since the confrontation with Mary. He’d told her he needed a separation—some time to think—which was quite true. Then he simply stayed on when Sherlock was sent home from hospital. They’d kept him in nearly eight weeks, due to complications—Sherlock really was the very worst patient on earth.
John chuckled, waving a hand. “It’s fine. Honestly. I’ve made my peace with being mated to a younger man. A very
John staggered back a bit under Sherlock’s weight. Not trying to get loose, as such, but not leaning in either.
Sherlock’s brow crinkled. “If you’re asking if I think you’re at risk in the slippery tub, then yes. Your balance is compromised, and it appears your orgasms are taking more out of you than they normally would.”
Sherlock was beginning to return to himself as John shuddered and spent against him. He wrapped both arms around John’s shoulders and drew him down into a fierce embrace. He muttered nonsense as John finished and collapsed in his arms.
The fairy lights were still lit, though the other lamps had been switched off. The food and drinks had been cleared away. Most importantly, there was still no sign of Jeanette.
John dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder blade, desperately sucking air into his lungs. Sherlock was shaking, his arms and legs threatening to give way. John slid sideways, hauling Sherlock with him—still impaled on his cock—until he was sitting on the bottom berth with the taller man in his lap.
John stood and moved around the corner of Mycroft’s desk, tapping his fingertips along the edge as he did. “I should have worked it out sooner,” John said bitterly, shaking his head. “If I hadn’t nearly died giving birth and spent the last six months like a zombie trying to keep Kit alive, I probably would have.”
“I know,” Sherlock soothed. He rubbed over John’s bare back in wide circles. “I know, my John. I’ll take care of you. I’ll make you feel better and keep you safe. Trust me?”
“So you were one of the snipers at the pool, but you didn’t go to 221B or the Yard or to Bart’s,” Sherlock continued. “No, he needed you out of sight and on hand in case anything went wrong. John was your mission from the beginning.” Sherlock considered this for a moment. “But
“Bir-day!” Drew repeated joyfully. He turned his attention to Em, who had been his best friend since they were born. He gabbled away at her—John picked out a handful of words, but the rest of the language only the pair of them understood. Em answered back, nodding vigorously.
“You see, I think you’re just the middle man,” Sherlock started. “You are a minor bureaucrat in the employ of the European Parliament, aren’t you Signor Lombardi? And your own country has no need of this.” Sherlock waved at the package as it was handed over to their host.
He tore his eyes from his subject (and the current means of his addled reasoning) and sighed with disappointment. Clearly he’d missed something. Or chosen the wrong combination of drugs. Or underestimated the amount of testosterone in the cocktail — that would account for John’s ability to restrain himself. He’d assumed the suspect’s previous drug use would have impacted the drug’s effects, but he had thought…well, it made no difference now.
John returned to the door and opened it; surprised to find Sherlock’s old friend — and manager of the restaurant they had visited that evening — waiting there.
“That's it, sweetheart. You are so beautiful. Look how you fit in my hand. So beautiful. Come on, let go. Come for me, my little Krakatoa.”
“Look at you, my big boy,” John said. He stepped over to the coffee table and reached down to pull Drew into his arms. “Going to take a few more steps today?” He nuzzled the baby’s cheek and went a bit melty when Drew sighed and wrapped his little arms around John’s neck.
It stung, even with preparation. Sherlock was sweating profusely, struggling to keep from crying out. He concentrated on the other sensations: the sound of slick flesh, the smell of John’s after shave, the heat of John’s clothed body against his own, the scrape of sturdy fabric over bare skin.
“No reason for anyone to endure a rut or a heat alone these days. There are safe, medically supervised facilities where you can have someone take you through it safely.”
The night was cold and they had retired to bed early. Neither of them had felt the urge for any serious lovemaking. Rather they had nuzzled and stroked and kissed until sleep claimed them. Sherlock woke only a few hours later, feeling fully rested, but not quite willing to relinquish the warm bed and his warmer lover for the experiment in the kitchen. No, tonight the only observations he intended to make were about the man with whom he'd decided to share his life and work. The one who now—after years of hopeless dancing about—finally shared his bed as well.
After the debacle of Sherrinford, Mycroft's political career had stalled. He'd become a liability. They’d shunted him to an important but discreet consulting position with the intelligence services. After his parents’ deaths, he'd focused his energy on razing the family seat and rebuilding a country estate.
“You watch me when you think I’m asleep,” Sherlock prodded. “Do you — could it be that you find me…attractive? Even like this?”
“Oh, but you could see it,” Sherlock insisted, wrapping his arms around John’s middle from behind and rubbing over his growing bump. “Bubbling just below the surface. The way they looked at one another. And Mycroft’s unnatural interest in Lestrade’s ex-mate! That’s how I found out about the PE teacher.”
Greg smiled. “It was a balls up. Right from the off.” He turned and settled onto the bench beside John with his hands over his belly. “It all happened so fast.”
“I know you will never forgive me. Nor will anyone else. I don’t expect absolution,” Mycroft began tentatively. He folded his hands in his lap. “However, I would like to make amends. I cannot bring Sherlock back to you, but I can offer you and Christopher—”
John was waiting, desperately needing a kiss, by the time Sherlock’s head reached the pillows beside his own. They tasted one another softly.
John nodded. He stood, taking one last look at the man sleeping in the bed beside him, and followed the nurse. They left Sherlock’s private room and proceeded to the end of the corridor to the family lounge—a comfortable snug, decorated in muted shades of blue.
“Jim found me about ten years ago. He was starting to branch out; I was looking to make enough money to retire. It worked out.”
John continued on his path, finally stopping near Sherlock's desk. He turned the computer and plugged in the external speakers nearby before flipping the lid open.
“It’s our first date, so I just want you to remember how much I wanted to be here with you tonight. And how much I wanted everyone to know that we’re on a date.”
They’d settled onto the sofa with a bottle of whisky to watch the news (at John’s insistence) and Graham Norton (at Sherlock’s) before dozing off to an old Bond film (Sherlock let John think he was insisting). They’d been sitting side by side, but somehow—in sleep—they’d slid into each other, heads nearly touching where they leaned back against the sofa.
“Oh, hello,” John said brightly. “You’ve been so quiet playing over there I almost thought you’d gone away and left us.”
Sherlock nodded at Lestrade and grudgingly left John with Donovan. He hated all the questions and hated even more leaving John alone and at her mercy.
“What in the world…?” He glanced at the watch he had forgotten to remove before climbing into bed. It was half two in the morning.
He pushed away from the wall, gently guiding John back toward the bed with roaming hands that skimmed over goose-pimpling skin. His mate was chilled. He needed to warm him. “Mine.”
John could only answer in grunts. He rubbed fretfully at his aching cock, but Sherlock stilled his fingers.
“Who…Mycroft?” John swivelled his head in the direction of the voice. Sherlock’s brother was seated on the edge of a chair next to his bed. He was leaning forward on his umbrella. He looked restless and worried. “Where?”
Now he was pliant with desire. The need to see and taste and touch all of John’s body made his throat ache and his fingers curl in anticipation. God, how he wanted him. His John. HIS John. His captain.
John rolled over in his narrow bed, trying to find a comfortable position. He was a little feverish and had been lethargic all day. A touch of flu, perhaps.
John sat back in his chair, looking relieved. "Oh, that's what did it. Right. Yes. Long-term. Is that...okay?"
“It was strange, don’t you think?” he said. “Giving himself away like that, when he had us all fooled?”
“Oh, I know,” John admitted with a wry smile. “Society has changed a lot, but some people are still living in the dark ages. I don’t know why anyone would expect an omega or a beta woman to be wholly responsible for raising the kids and keeping the house when they have a partner who can help—especially with careers and other things.”
Sherlock was still somewhat uncertain; still so innocent. He was infinitely curious and remarkably perceptive and he had—in spite of the hormones that had governed their first couplings—proven to be a tremendously considerate lover. The thought fired lust through John’s body like an electric shock.
“And what are the painters doing?” John asked. “You know the baby shouldn’t be exposed to fresh emulsion.”
“Mmmmmm,” Sherlock responded, shifting a little from his position on his back. He curled toward John, like a sunflower following the sun's rays.
Sherlock groaned with every down thrust, but did not move to take control or dictate his omega’s movements. He was passive, relaxed—lost to the delightful sensations John was sharing with him as he strove to slake his own hunger.
daughter, is she?” Sherlock shouted suddenly, throwing his arms wide. “She is not mine. She never was.”
Sherlock retrieved the home monitor they’d acquired to keep track of John’s blood pressure, along with his computer. He set the machine on the sofa beside Kit and attached the cuff to John’s arm. He tapped at his computer, opening—John knew—the spreadsheet in which he’d been recording all of John’s data since they found out about the baby.
Sherlock blinked. And blinked again, mouth slightly agape. He lost track of time, only really coming back to himself at the sound of John's voice.
“Old friend of ours has a cottage nearby,” Sherlock cut in smoothly. “Pretty place.  Really inspired us to invest in a property down here. It was time to start thinking about life in a quieter place.”
Sherlock followed, still searching his memory for… “OH! Oh, my god. He’s here. Somewhere in the cellar!”
John waited for an explanation, but Sherlock continued to stare at the floor as he removed his gloves and coat. The old Belstaff had finally given up the ghost shortly after their wedding. Sherlock had replaced it with something of a similar style in black and then with this one in heather grey. It didn't have the same dark mystery as the old ones, but then...Sherlock had become less dark and mysterious too. For a time.
A strange whistling sound left John’s throat, and he distantly realized that he was trying to scream, but lacked the energy for such a task.
The sound occurred again, much louder than before. He realized it wasn’t a noise on the outside, but somewhere indoors and nearby.
He flopped over onto his back. As he licked his lips, he was struck by how dry his throat and mouth felt. It was a good job Sherlock was not here to kiss him awake, as his mouth tasted foul. Since no one was around to hear it, John groaned as he sat up to reach for the pitcher and glass on his nightstand.
student. You’re only a member of the faculty. And you work in a section that rarely deals with large groups of pupils.”
"Guess your only option is the front door," the gargoyle grins sardonically. Then he stops when he sees the expression on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock runs his hand along John’s chest, which is damp with sweat and shuddering. He presses into a nipple with his fingernail, and John quivers like a plucked string. He does it a few more times to watch John grapple with the instinct to move. Rapid and harsh breaths escape around John’s gag when Sherlock pinches a nub between his fingers and twists it.
a large door. There’s a sort of hollow emptiness that echoes around them when the door shuts. For a second, he thinks he’s in some sort of warehouse, but everything just…
It was only a few simple words, why couldn’t he admit to them? How was saying them out loud so much more dreadful than coming to the conclusion in his own mind?
But this time Sherlock is clearly waiting for something, and John’s not sure what. He hopes that he’s not
And John knew he wouldn’t be able to hide that. He had always been a terrible liar. And although they had grown distant, Mary would still be able to pick up that something was on his mind. Their vacation would become the weekend of her trying to uncover what he was hiding.
“It’s only an herbal remedy John,” Jim insisted laughingly. There was something about the noise that grated along John’s nerves. “Don’t tell me you’ve taken up an interest in plant breeding now, I thought you were already preoccupied with your health studies?”
John has pleas and platitudes curling up on his tongue, but the sound of locking metal cuffs interrupt him. Sherlock’s heavy weight leaves his back, and John tries to get his arms underneath him. The metal rings digging into his wrists confirm what he already knows.
But this had been too close for Sherlock’s liking. Far too close. He remembered crackling light that had killed dozens, laced with the intention to kill two more. He could still see her face, contorted into a crazed grimace as her milky white eyes had stared at John as he fled for cover.
He brings his other foot up without being asked, and is rewarded with a praising swipe across his shoulders. The hand remains, while the other one turns something, judging by the sounds. Suddenly, John is being drowned.
In his head, he measures the weight of the woman's words. Obviously in shock, had just been through a traumatic experience. Anything that she says is going to be held inadmissible in court at
Sherlock slips out a throaty moan. He got to taste John tonight, and now John is forced to taste him. It's a glorious evening. He fervently wishes he didn't need the gag, but Sherlock is hardly a fool. All of the threats in the world wouldn't have prevented John Watson from the hearty opportunity this would have been. The bars are an unwelcome sensation from the soft, warm heat of John's mouth.
Then again, sleeping in this late felt less like an indulgence and more like his mind couldn’t cope with his waking hours anymore. He didn’t blame it. John certainly didn’t feel like facing today either.
Sherlock continues to rub his thumb against a small patch of John’s skin. He entertains the thought of John being smeared by his fingerprints until he glimmers with dermal oils like a polished stone. He hears John’s heartbeat and breathing smooth into the regular pattern of his sleep, quietly marveling at the exceptional success this night turned out to be.
John could feel his climax looming. It dangled just out of his reach, a yawning chasm of pleasure that threatened to unmake him. He knew Sherlock held the key to his release, for John couldn’t seem to muster the motivation to move his hands from Sherlock’s back.
The silver eyes wordlessly take him apart for a little longer, before Sherlock abruptly orders, "I don't blame you for not remembering a date you hadn't even considered. But a repeat transgression won't be so easily ignored, am I clear?"
John stiffened at every lengthy shadow that might conceal some hidden enemy. John wasn’t a stranger to peril. His father had taken up with a few unsavory types who had tried to knock Harry about for the sport of it. They soon found that not all Watson men were without integrity or bravery. His sister had often said that John reveled in a chance to unleash the temper he kept smothered under a gentle disposition and dry wit.
He crept out as carefully as he previously had, his nerves strung even tighter than before. The stairs invited discovery, so he hurried down those. He knew they were too well kept to creak or groan under his weight. He felt exposed in the sparse entrance, where minimal decoration and open space spoke of grandeur more eloquently than cluttered luxuries. John wondered when such a lovely place had become a warzone that he must tread through.
Sherlock grins for the joke it's supposed to be and heads towards the street. He notices John following him and again he's bombarded with want. He wants John to follow him constantly. To always be by his side, unconditionally trusting. He realizes he's quickly losing valuable conversation time as he raises his arm. He wants this to last. Wants to get to know him a little more before he takes John away from everything he's ever known. "So Iraq or Afghanistan?"
John cried out in startled pain and tried to break away. Jim reestablished his hold and shoved John back against the wall. An antique portrait fell and shattered beside them. It echoed the cracking of John’s trust and love.
Sherlock was always careful and wiping his semen all over his doctor's sheets was definitely not careful. Sherlock smirked when he managed to spot the predictable box of tissues by the bed. Grabbing one, he placed it over himself, thought about licking and biting John's bullet wound until it was bloody again and came into the little square. By far, that was the most powerful wank he'd had. Sherlock always found himself grinning whenever he thought about what it would be like to finally stop fantasizing and have the real thing in front of him.
The night’s previous events came rushing back all at once. Urgency gave him energy, and he snatched at the woman’s wrist before he knew what he was doing. She gasped in alarm but he didn’t let go.
‘Enroll your child at Gladstone Academy and take comfort that our staff is as caring and professional as you’, or some other such bollocks.
He slipped a long finger inside easily, and John grunted in surprise. Sherlock glided his finger in and out, unhurriedly feeling John’s body clench around him. John quickly realized that the fabric around his thighs further immobilized him, so he couldn’t part his legs like every instinct was shouting at him to do.
Sherlock moaned from the thought. He moved down John’s chest to the nipples he’d been rubbing, licking one into his mouth. He felt as though he should thank John in some way. As if stimulation was the only way for Sherlock to fully express his gratitude in seeing John captured moment by moment.
Sherlock deletes the foresight as soon as it appears. He doesn’t care, and he couldn’t stop it even if he did. He’s waiting for the important part. He’s been staring at the window so the rain will get tired of trying to warn him of useless information and tell him what he wants to know.
John hesitated. He could sit on the damp grass alone, or he could join Sherlock on the blanket. It wasn’t that strange was it, to share a seating space and enjoy the natural sights?
“Mm, do you think so?” Jim asked in a way that had already dismissed the suggestion. “I can personally assure you that the mixture is considerate of all possible ailments.”
“Fine, yes, blast it all, I am yours. I have been and always will be yours now will you please just bloody-” his words turned to a gasp of surprise. Sherlock wasted no time in finally fulfilling John’s pleading.
"No," Sherlock waves his hand in dismissal, "go whenever you want to, just be sure to pick up what I asked."
He settles on a spot. The unmarked space right by John's right hipbone. Where he'd had the imaginary limp. It seems poetic. John has not stopped staring at the ceiling the entire time. His breathing is steady, careful inhalations through his nose and exhalations from his mouth. He wonders about Mrs. Hudson, if she will be able to smell anything. He can probably pass it off as a charring experiment.
Which didn’t make any sense because that had been in John’s jeans. John patted his empty pocket, and frowned at the teenager. Sherlock shrugged, “You didn’t bring my phone. Yours will have to do. What’s your passcode?”
"Nonsense, you showered this morning, you're fine. Besides, I like it better when you smell like me."
When he stepped out of the bathroom, Mary was waiting for him in the hall. She had a defensive posture, but she tried to make it more open. John, in return, didn’t immediately flee to the room that was now his and his alone.
Sherlock was begrudgingly glad that he'd decided to consult Jim about this. Everything seemed startlingly clear. Sherlock decided to humor Jim a bit, as a thank you.
Nothing remained of her in that empty hallway. Not the smell of decay or her raspy sobs. John stood paralyzed, dreading the certainty that his sister was now truly lost to him.
John’s skin felt simultaneously cold and stiflingly hot. His hand was beginning to feel numb under Sherlock’s minor weight.
your first demand? It's certainly a good thing you weren't a hostage negotiator. You do realize I could have small countries named after you before I'd ever let you out of my sight again?" Little chuckles shake Sherlock's frame, but John tries to push his point.
John stepped to the side to let her pass him. He followed her up to the front door in silence. This was the time to start profusely apologizing, or to begin begging that she stay. He should be laying out all of the reasons why her going on a trip by herself was a bad idea. Why they should sort this out now, before she had the time to stew over it and let it fester.
Slowly, Sherlock begins fucking him with one finger. John moans helplessly into the sheets. More, God it's too much while being not enough. Idly, he wonders if anyone can short out from sensory overload. Time will tell, he supposes. Sherlock adds a second finger, and John buries further into the sheets until its hard to breathe.
Next, he tosses useless books into the unlit fireplace. He throws the journal on the growth rates on sunflowers a little harder than necessary. This results in the book flopping back out, and Sherlock picks it up and savagely rips it to shreds. The fluttering paper does nothing to calm his racing mind, and he growls.
Sherlock looked at him the same way Mycroft did when John had tried to defend himself. John was beginning to see the resemblance now. “It doesn’t,” John insisted, “I was just, you know, surprised.”
being back in the forefront. You don’t want to leave because then you’ll remember just what kind of life you actually lead. What kind of life
When John starts to awaken, he thinks he's still in the box, but that his subconscious had finally taken pity on him.
They continue to talk through dessert with John trying to find out if all of his leftovers have been hijacked. Just as John’s arguing that pizza can never taste bad and therefore no pizza is ‘better’ than the other, the music softly playing over the hidden speakers becomes slightly louder, and the tempo changes.
John thought the sound was coming closer. He was afraid to turn and look. He licked his lips and felt the spit worsen the splitting skin. There was nothing he could do. Sherlock would find him, and he’d be taken back, or he’d go unnoticed and suffer a slow death of exposure. Or he could fall.
