He backs up only long enough for Cas to toss his glasses aside, then dives in once more, following him down the mattress until they’re lying flat. There, their mirth morphs into a languid contentment as they move against one another, kissing like they have all the time in the world, like it’s their only goal. Hell, maybe it is. Dean knows nothing about domestic sex, but he’s sure it’s not a hedonistic, orgasm-driven endeavor like what he usually engages in. Or maybe it is sometimes, and maybe other times it’s this, which is...really, really good, too.
He turns his sapphire eyes to Dean, stunning even in a human face. “I believe to frighten the good people of the lands into submission. But now, I shall remove him and bring joy to the kingdom once again.”
He pulls off his shirt (the third he’s stunk up with his stress sweat) and swaps it for a clean, dry one. He looks at the clock. Cas will be home any minute.
“Uh, yeah. You have to make out. A lot. I mean, you guys have to be totally lusting after each other’s hot bods, enough so you can’t keep your hands off each other.”
“There’s enough in that diaper bag for an entire weekend, Cas. And if you need clothes, you can borrow some of mine. Is there anything you really need at home?”
“IrishEyesAreSmiling,” Eileen shares, making everyone chuckle fondly. He recognizes her name, too. She leaves very kind comments at the end of his stories.
Blindly, still drunk from the effects of the most intense jerk-off he’s ever given himself, Dean reaches for his phone and turns it off, silencing the pornographic cries. He gapes at Cas as he catches his breath—beautiful, awesome Cas, lying in repose with a blissed-out smile gracing his face.
He remembers his son is in there, left with Dean and Patience so he wouldn’t have to try to juggle him while in the dentist chair, and his boiling blood turns to steam.
“And I thought you were cute just now. See? We have to see ourselves the way others see us. This really smart guy that I’m into taught me that.”
They laugh again, relaxed and happy and, on Cas’ part, relieved and grateful that nothing has changed between them.
Sam, clad only in sweatpants, leaned back against the counter. “You sure you’re in shape to go off on your own right now?”
They play another couple of rounds until Adam complains about being hungry, Mike rolling his eyes fondly and teasing him about his appetite.
Cas nearly falls out of his chair as their friends chirp about their enjoyment of fanfic writer KilliansHusband.
Wondered what Cas did in the last chapter? You're about to get the answer...and maybe the answer to another burning question you've had.
He knows Dean didn’t mean anything by it, nor by the teasing wink, but he feels his palms sweat anyway. “I can do
It was like a sunrise in slow-motion—the lift of Cas’ brows, the flush of his cheeks, the light of his small, surprised smile. Dean smiled, too, like one does when seeing such a beautiful sight. There wasn’t a lot of beauty in his world—but with the man in front of him, he was hoping that would change.
“C’mere.”  Cas takes his arm and leads him to the bed. They sit quietly side-by-side for a while as Cas thinks of something he can say or do to salvage this. “You can Pretty Woman me, if you want,” he finally offers. “If that would help.”
“Okay,” he answers again. His forehead glistens and his voice is distant and strained—because of his effort, Dean’s certain, but he finds it oddly unsettling.
Dean smiled crookedly at his best friend, the man he loved. “Dork. All right, well, if you don’t renew your subscription and I make it out of this job alive, then you and I can live it up at the old folks’ home down the road.”
The dragon’s eyes fill with sadness. He walks to the center of the turret and flaps his mighty, leathery wings, but nothing happens.
He watches the raw footage with the kids and decides he wants Izzy to look like a mad scientist, so he messes up her hair, puts her in one of her father’s lab coats, and records her laughing, holding onto a baby doll that she loves but gives Dean the creeps.
“So, you really bored, too?” Dean asks after a time. Cas figured something was on his mind; he was fiddling with his bottle and not really paying attention to the hot woman and equally hot man on the screen.
Dean stumbles along with Cas, feeling heavy and uncoordinated. They run all the way back to their hotel, never looking back. “Shit,” Dean coughs, trying to catch his breath. Cas seems to be faring better, but of course he is. All that bullshit running he does.
Cas melts as Dean cleans the caramel off his chin with slow, sucking kisses. “Mmm. Fun is good. We’re good at fun.”
“Me too. Okay then.” Cas crushes their mouths together. Dean just barely suppresses a moan. It’s even harder when Cas says a minute later, “Suck on my neck.”
Jack sticks his tongue out at her, then sits up and strikes a pose. “I’m Batman!” he cries in a breathy shout, then asks, “Wait, what’s a tragic superhero origin story?”
It was soft, raspy, so unlike Cas’ usual rumbling thunder, but after over an hour of silence from Cas, it was a relief to hear his voice at all.
Their eyes meet. Castiel doesn’t know much about Dean, but what he’s seen in his internet research (that he tried to talk himself out of but couldn’t) is that the man has lived a charmed, exciting life, full of action and glamour and ease. He has no idea why Dean would want to leave that, given how happy he looked in all the paparazzi photos, but there’s a sincerity in Dean’s eyes that’s hard to dismiss, no matter how pissed off he is at the man.
The morning after their dom/sub roleplay, Cas watches Dean sleep, morning light filtering through the blinds. The roleplay that was supposed to be hot but between strangers—or, more accurately, a professional relationship between a dom and a sub—turned into a couple thing. He slept here again. Had Dean in his arms again. They have an unwritten rule not to repeat scenes, and yet they sort of did. Sure, it could be argued that they didn’t, that he would’ve needed to stay for aftercare anyway, but Cas isn’t stupid. They repeated the couple thing.
Dean clears his throat to do just that, but his father is already engaged in a conversation about Vaughn’s wet dream, Trump, and he hates being interrupted.
The furrow in Dean’s forehead was back. He began to grouse about the restaurant telling them one thing over the phone and then not delivering on said thing. The negativity was annoying, but Castiel knew he was simply hungry, tired, and having difficulty going with the flow. It used to be easier for him—in fact, he was more easygoing than Castiel before Sandover, especially before this “amazing opportunity” he was vying for came up a few months ago.
Dean runs off. He expects Cas to follow right away, but he doesn’t. He finally emerges from the house a couple of minutes later. “You made me wait!” Dean calls across the yard.
They watch as Dean takes Cas in his arms and begins to dance with him playfully, looking grumpy about it yet clearly loving it as Cas lets him lead.
. And hell, I’m no great catch, all right? I just think that we fit, you know, and I think we could keep fitting.”
“I never thought I’d get flowers from someone,” Dean replies with his own admission. “It’s nice. I like it.”
Cas turns and meets his lips. His face is chilled, but his kiss and the love behind it are warm. Their mouths meet a few times, undemanding and sweet. They rock, a sort of dance that Cas adds to by humming their first dance song against his lips.
Cas laughs, then grins at Dean. “Just givin’ you shit.” He points to the TV. “Think of that guy with a cock up his ass.”
Coaching is something he was persuaded to do by his “well-meaning” (pushy) brother Sam and his buddy, Benny. “You need to get out more,” they both said, and since they rarely agreed on anything and since Benny was going to do some coaching and asked if Dean could help, he agreed to go to the volunteer meeting to “listen.” Listening turned into being volunteered when they didn’t have anyone to coach the girls’ minor softball team for eight- to ten-year-olds. He reluctantly admits he likes the little heathens. Sometimes.
Cas nods, and when Dean presents him with the tank, he has the glowing, excited reaction Dean had hoped for. And when Cas takes the shirt and kisses him sweetly, Dean’s glowy and excited, too.
.” He grinds on Dean harder. “Though I guess names don’t matter, do they, as long as we give you your
“Oh, no, it’s fine. He’s very friendly, and he knows when he’s not working that he’s free to be a dog.”
so deeply. I gave myself to the Empty so you’d have a chance to win and to put yourself first for once, to live for
When Cas flicks his eyes to Dean’s, Dean asks, softly but seriously, “Anything else?” He doesn’t want any misunderstandings between them. “C’mon, out with it,” he urges him when Cas hesitates.
, Dean smiles to himself. He knows Cas doesn’t even realize it, and he’s pretty sure Cas wasn’t saying it as part of the act. It flowed too easily, was too full of emotion. Maybe their friends are on to something. Maybe Cas really does feel more.
Dean nods, blinking his eyes rapidly as he opens his arms. Castiel throws himself at him, a tear slipping from his eye. He hangs on tight, cradling Dean’s head in his hand as he buries his face in Dean’s neck.
Cas smothers a happy giggle at Dean’s statement that’s definitely an understatement. He hums and sits up, facing Dean. “You’re a brat. Do you know what I do with brats?”
“Hey,” Dean chirps as he walks through the door. Cas looks up from his slicing and grins as he greets him. The light hits his eyes and smile just right and he sparkles. For a moment, Dean’s struck breathless. He coughs to remind his lungs to fill, then wills himself to
If they’d hadn’t gotten their heads out of their asses when they did, they might’ve never gotten the chance, Dean thinks. It makes him emotional, as it always does when he thinks about it.
She assembles the pieces into outfits, then ushers him into the dressing area. He puts the first one on and looks at himself in the mirror. It’s...nice. He looks pretty good. It doesn’t make him feel much, but he looks the part and that’s what matters.
Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry at that question. He has great friends, most of them here today. He’s a supervisor at his company now, which is awesome because he makes more money, keeps better hours, and has a few people to talk to. He still does the obligatory Dad visit, but Cas goes with him, and after Cas told him off the day before their wedding, his dad’s been a little more bearable. And Cas... He’s been married to his best friend just over two years now, and domestic life (and life in general) is better than he ever thought it could be. No one knows him like Cas. No one’s been there for him like Cas. Marrying Cas is the best thing he’s ever done.
“Eh, I’ve grown partial to the fancy shit, honestly. Thanks, though.” He turns to the rest of his guests. “Well, let’s play, shall we?”
Cas is excited, too. He’s worked hard to be here and overcome a lot. He’s looking forward to graduate school—law school, really. Teaching wasn’t for him, he decided, and with Dean’s and his family’s full support, he’s pursuing a law career. He’ll probably specialize in civil rights, but he’s leaving his options open. And as for the way he’ll celebrate after, he thinks of Dean and smiles.
Cas shakes his head, gazing at him with those soft blue eyes that make Dean ache for him. “I couldn’t stand to see you hurt anymore over a stupid apartment. I’m sorry to do this behind your back, but it needed to be done. We’ll figure all this out. We’ll find a way. Okay?”
in general). He didn’t trust anyone. But slowly, Dean became a part of their lives. As their friendship blossomed, Castiel thought that he must have misread Dean’s earliest interactions, that the twinkly eyes and playful, flirty smiles Dean shot his way before they got to know each other must have been his natural, outgoing friendliness and not any sort of romantic interest, because Dean never pushed for more. It helped Castiel let down his guard and slowly, gradually let Dean in until Dean became the best friend he’d ever had. Eventually, though, as life evened out and Castiel trusted people again, the idea that Dean wasn’t interested in him that way began to sting. They did everything together, they were an integral part of each other’s lives, they were everything to each other except
The three of them work as a team, getting the lunch orders filled. Their customers reassure Dean, but also don’t miss a chance to tease him, telling him the incident was the most exciting thing to happen in Lupine Cove since that singer got arrested for public indecency last summer. The tension eventually recedes...at least until the store is quiet again.
Cas had tuned out the music playing from his phone beside him, but now listens and grins crookedly as his favorite goofball swivels his hips and swings his fist above his head like he’s about to throw a lasso. “Well, I feel like bustin’ loose, and I feel like touchin’ you,” Dean sings, bouncing his shoulders and his eyebrows with the words. Laughing at the performance, Cas leans against the counter to take it all in.
Castiel peeks at the women and Cora out of the corner of his eye as he slips his arms into his shirt. Tammy is stroking Cora’s head. Steph is gazing at the baby, but she’s rolling her lip between her teeth, and she doesn’t look much more comfortable than she did when she started.
Rows of laughing emojis flood the screen. He leans back in his chair and shakes his head, grinning. He’s not totally buying what they’re selling, but he’s considering it.
Shoulders dropping, Dean manages a hesitant smile. “Thanks. I tried to keep Matthew and Patience away from those damn vultures—”
Cas scowls, but opens the box and eats one of the dark chocolate pecan caramel clusters, a look of bliss flitting over his features. They’re his favorite, which is what Gabe told Dean. He got it just right, even going to the confectionery in town for the more expensive stuff.
. “Oh. Yeah. Uh, it’s the ring. I put it on a chain when I went to the gym after work on Monday because I didn’t want to lose it. Just sort of forgot it was there, I guess.”
“I think you did”—he throws up his hands in supplication when Gabriel scowls—“but I did, too, big time. Please, can we talk?”
Castiel licks his lips, then swallows. Dean does the same, wobbling slightly toward him as he does. His hand tightens on Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel—
“Anyway, okay, so here’s my advice. When in battle, there’s a time for subtlety and a time for full-on, in-your-face assault, and I totally agree that the time for that in-your-face assault is now. He’s making your lives miserable. So, here’s what you do: flirt like crazy, and make it as physical as possible. Grind into each other at the sink. Talk dirty. Make it super obvious what you’ve been doing when he’s not around, all over the apartment. Maybe leave a used condom on the floor near the couch.”
Dean leads Cas to the slow cooker and hands him the masher, which he takes with a contented smile. Dean hopes it’s because Cas is happy to be here, part of this holiday tradition. Dean knows he’s happy that Cas is here. “I’ll be to your right, carving the turkey,” he tells him before giving Cas’ arm an affectionate pat and picking up his carving implements.
He was worried about Cas for a while there. He was working extra hours and seemed stressed, preoccupied. But his hours have gone back to normal, and both he and the kids have been in remarkably good spirits. He’s hoping this Father’s Day will be the best one yet.
Talk devolves from there to innuendo and their sex lives, past and current. Castiel doesn’t have anything to add. He certainly doesn’t have time for a sex life now, and they already know about his one disastrous, never-again hookup, his second never-again hookup because he didn’t learn the first time, his few casual relationships, and the one significant relationship he’d rather not revisit. He could repeat the stories, sure, but it just reminds him of what he doesn’t have and it’s too depressing to think about.
The label falls off Dean’s beer. He crumples it in one hand. “Doesn’t matter. He already said he isn’t looking.”
“I’m so sorry about what you all went through,” Wendy says, a small frown gracing her delicate features.
They’re pleasantly surprised to learn that Gabe, Sam, Charlie, and Jo ran the thrift store items there and will meet them for lunch (less moving of heavy shit is always a pleasant surprise, Dean thinks). The others leave to get a table, so Dean and Cas stop by the rental office one more time.
They do the barest of cleaning before they collapse next to each other and fall asleep, Cas not even having time to worry about all of the feelings this roleplay brought up or about waking up in the same bed with his “mate” tomorrow.
(Dean is Jim Halpert, obviously), and he listens as Cas makes up something about his job as an art director for a movie production company. It’s fitting for him, even more now that he knows he’s still doing art. They break for an early lunch of leftovers from last night and some TV because the paint needs to dry and the cereal wasn’t nearly enough, then they roll the second coat on. By the time they’re done, it’s nearly four in the afternoon. They clean up, then sit in the middle of the room and admire their work.
“Well, yeah,” Dean laughs at his brother, whose eyes are shining. “We know you like ‘em, and we gotta eat, too.” Dean never thought he’d prefer a vegan burger (or vegan anything) to real meat, but his vegan husband changed his carnivorous ways, for the most part. He’ll still eat some calamari with his dad or have a pizza with real cheese once in a while, but it’s rare now.
“This is crazy,” Dean moaned.  “Did you see all the cameras out there?  We told them this would be a private affair, but there’s a mob all up and down the street!”
“I know, but that was before what happened to Castiel,” mom insisted, pushing me down again as I tried to get up.  “I’d like to remind you that you have overloaded twice since I made you that promise, and I have left you alone as agreed.  But Castiel actually
“I’ve been hurt before.  I’ll be fine.”  I pulled him down for another kiss, my left hand twisted into his hair.  “I love you.  I trust you. Get us home, angel.”
Which left Dean back to his original problem. The gang wanted money he didn’t have. He forced himself to consider giving up his Baby, but promptly rejected the idea.  Even if he could stand to part with her, taking his Baby would only make the gang happy for a short period of time.  Then they’d be back for more.  No, Dean needed a more permanent solution.  He reluctantly considered the old guy.  Maybe he had the right idea?  Maybe it would be best to just convince Bobby to give up the business and move? But when Dean looked around, he saw everything that his friend had worked and saved his entire life to build. The garage didn’t make much money, but it was Bobby’s, free and clear.  If he sold it now, it would be a fire sale.  He’d only get a fraction of what the property was worth.  No.  Selling and moving out wasn’t really an option, either.  So where did that leave Dean?
Dean stepped out into flashing lights and noise.  He glanced around, saw Ketch hovering back just out of sight, and swallowed hard.  Taking his lead from Crowley, he quickly moved forward to keep up.  Soon, he was standing to the right of a bank of microphones where the Senator stopped.
“Because I’d like you to have him,” Dick declared.  “I’m giving him to you, in exchange for your Sam.”
“Ok, one, fuck you, and two, that’s a bad thing right now, not a good one!” Dean reminded.  “I don’t want to get dragged to Heaven any more than you want to get killed or dragged to Hell.”
“Just listen!  There’s someone who believes like you do, that free will is worth fighting for,” Angel whispered.  “Your kind calls him the Trickster.  I don’t know how to find him, Dean, but maybe, with your friends?  You can.  If you show him that coat, he’ll know I sent you.”
“I understand exactly what I did.  My job, Cas!  Dammit, if I’d just gotten here five minutes sooner...!”  He frowned, pushed back Castiel’s sleeve, and glared at the angry marks of Lucifer’s fingers on the exposed skin.  “Son of a bitch bruised you again!  Dammit!”
“No,” Cass said sharply, cutting Dean off.  “You can’t visit, Dean.  It’s not safe for you to be around me, and I refuse to put you in any danger.”
“Samandriel!”  Dad’s voice was sharp, his eyes narrowed in disapproval.  “I am leaving, and Michael is going to be in charge.  I will not say what my opinion would have been because it doesn’t matter.  The vote was made.  In the end, Michael, you were strong enough to make a difficult decision.  I’m proud of you, son,” he said, his voice going soft as he looked at the slumped, dejected figure of the eldest Angel.  “I’m proud of you all, but today you proved that you can lead.  And Samandriel?”  His eyes were hard again as his gaze moved to his youngest.  “Make this the last time you look to me to challenge your brothers’ decisions!”
“He had some information about that warehouse I was looking into,” Sam reported.  “Turns out, he just recently bought it.”
“Ok, that’s weird, isn’t it?  The number one protocol they taught us about overload was to always keep you guys separated!  They said if you come into direct contact with each other, you’ll either hurt each other physically, attack each other over the jacks, or even set off some sort of chain reaction where you all overload!  So how could you all be there for Samandriel?”
“Believe me, I am very much aware of that.”  The Trickster seemed like he was about to say something more.  Instead, he smiled.  “Get some rest, Dean.  I’m doing everything I can to make sure all my people are safe.”
It was awkward and difficult.  Cass wasn’t a big man, but he was dead weight, clinging to Dean.  Dean managed to get across the roof of the porch without slipping and climb down the side.  But he lost his balance and barely managed to keep them both from crashing to the ground when he stepped onto the railing of the porch.  Cass never moved.  He kept perfectly still, letting Dean regain his balance and bring them both safely to the ground.  “Good work,” Cass encouraged, putting his feet down.
Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose and tries to do what his friends and family have always suggested he do when he veers toward the pessimistic side of his realism—look at things from a different, more optimistic point of view.
“Oh yeah. Couldn’t tear us apart.” Dean kisses him on the cheek, and Cas turns to him, feeling warm and happy about their future.
Yes, he has his reasons. Of course, those reasons don’t seem to make much sense when he’s in Dean’s arms.
Cas’ jaw twitches. Fortunately for their roommate, Dean intervenes before Cas can tell him about option L or kill him with his bare hands.
Castiel coos softly as Eleanor gazes at him with big blue eyes. “Hello, Eleanor,” he murmurs. “Thank you for letting me hold you today. Sounds like you like this as much as I do.” He smiles as she yawns. “Looks like you’re just as tired as me, too. I understand. You’ve had a big, busy week. Yes, you have.” He gently rests her body against his chest, puts a receiving blanket over her, and begins to rock. “You know, things may seem rough now, but I know that things are going to get better for you. Know how I know? Because your parents love you, and your big brother loves you, and they’re taking care of themselves so they can take care of you better. And you’re going to get healthier, and soon your parents and brother will be the ones who need sleep because you’ll be running circles around them.” He hums and rocks, not paying attention to the time as he drifts on a happy cloud of baby cuddles. Eleanor grows heavy in his arms, warm and surely sleeping, hopefully dreaming of being big and healthy someday.
His resolve is strengthened when Dean shows him a story about his supposed affair with a buxom Lupine Cove resident in the tabloids that evening.
“Hello,” Cas says, cool as a cucumber (a cucumber stored in the coldest part of the fridge, given how chilly the hand still on his ribs is).
He holds the papers out again. She won’t take them, so he lets them fall to the ground, then turns on his heel and strides back to his car, parked down the street. Victor Henrikson, a longtime friend and colleague, leans against it. Gabe’s private investigator, a grizzled former cop named Rufus Turner, follows just behind Castiel and settles next to Vic.
He watches covertly as Cas and Bea get themselves ready for the first day of school—or Cas’, anyway. Bea starts tomorrow, but they’ve spent the last several days “practicing” because Bea is so excited and Cas wants her to be comfortable and confident.
Dean grips the armrest tighter, Cas’ movements and words both injecting pleasure into his veins. Despite his nerves, he can’t deny that this is titillating. It’s like when he went to Cas’ lab and they fucked against the equipment, only the glow of the indicator lights and the hum of the machines keeping them company, knowing someone could come in to do some work at any minute and catch them. The memory brings a smile to his face.
Hope rises in his chest like a bird taking flight. “Especially when it’s hard. Good parents do the hard stuff.”
“I know it’s not the same, my love. I also know these pilots have lots of experience, and they get people to their destinations safely every day.”
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. “Yeah, a few. I’ll catch you up in the car, okay? And I’ll fill you in on all the stuff I said to you while you were on the other side, ‘cause I want you to hear it. But first…” He slid a hand against Cas’ jaw and asked permission with his eyes. Cas granted it by leaning in. Neither was breathing as their lips touched, then sealed together.
The ice cream stand had truly been a surprise. Bobby approached him the other day and told him that they had more money than they’d expected at that point, so if he wanted the dream list, he could have it. Castiel could hardly believe it.
“Hello,” the hottest person Dean had ever seen greeted him when he answered the door. The man was tall, tanned, and toned, with dark hair and eyes that could out-blue Lake Michigan any day. “I think my cat's been coming to visit you.”
Charlie apologized for him, but Cas waved it away. It wasn’t her fault, and besides, he found it interesting. What could Dean’s rude reaction possibly mean?
weird it was without sounding weird? “No,” he whispers back. “I just wasn’t sure what you wanted to do in front of your family.”
Gabriel, scooping way too much sugar into his coffee, scoffs. “Gee, I dunno, Cas. Maybe ‘cause you got baby mama drama?”
. I know you don’t always see yourself in the best light. But you aren’t the awful things you think, trust me. You aren’t your failures. You’re good. You’re the best guy I’ve ever known. You always try to do what’s right, and you did everything you did for love, just like I did. There’s nothing greater than that.”
Cas arches his left brow, which always sends a shiver down his spine. “If I’m New Guy, does that make you Old Guy?”
Still brooding late into the evening, Castiel finally called it a night. As he passed Dean’s room, he noticed his friend with his hands in his hair, biting on a pen. Pen-biting was something he only did when he was particularly stressed. Softly so as not to startle him, Castiel tapped on the door, then entered and planted a hand on the back of his neck as he removed the pen from his mouth. “You remember this doesn’t turn out well,” he chided him gently, reminding Dean of the time a pen exploded in his mouth during finals week.
Dean backs up and flicks his eyes up and down Cas’ taut body. He nods with a thoughtful pout. “I could get into that.”
“And as for my ‘jobs’ at Winchester Liquors and Winchester Resorts...like I said, a figurehead. I stop in, talk with the actual bosses there, attend board meetings to get a feel for what’s happening, but I have no vote, I have no power to do
“Kinda had to. When I asked them for work advice, your dad said, ‘Why the hell are you still there? They treat you like shit.’ So I spilled, hoping to get a feel for how they felt about us being together, and they were all, ‘We’ve been waiting.’” Dean huffed at that, and Castiel huffed, too, amused but not surprised. “So then I told them about the weekend and my conversation with Charlie, everything. A couple of days later, your dad called me and said he and your mom thought we should have a do-over and offered this place, on the condition that we figure our shit out. My words, not theirs.”
“So? That’s the human condition. Nobody has it all figured out and nobody ever will. Living isn’t about perfection. It’s about struggle and work and small triumphs and working your damndest every day to learn and grow and make yourself and others better. Deep down, you knew that. You just needed some help seeing it and moving in that direction. You weren’t used to living for you.”
“So, uh, do I walk through that door to get to my heaven? Is the Roadhouse my heaven? Not that it’s not nice an’ all, but I kinda expected a little more. Nice touch to have you here to greet me, though. My own little guardian angel to bring me home.” He smirked at Bobby, feeling at least a bit better for being able to see his old friend and family member.
Scrubbing at his face, Dean decides to tell her anyway. “’Cause I’m hot for teacher, if you know what I mean.”
“Over time, Dean and Claire became friends, and eventually, Cas and Dean did, too. Cas and Dean were friends for a looooooooong time.”
Chuckling, Dean recalls, “I remember that one. The first time we made it, I drained the spaghetti in the bathroom sink. There was a guy taking a shit in there, and I remember thinking, ‘What the fuck am I doing?’, you know, like ‘What’s my life?’ But when I came back our entire room smelled like farts ‘cause of the broccoli you cooked, and we spilled those damn French fried onions on the floor but we picked ‘em up and used ‘em ‘cause we didn’t have any more, and I couldn’t stop fuckin’ laughing ‘cause we were the same kind of crazy, you know?”
“Nice.” Licking his lips, Cas says, “Um, sooo, maybe they were mistaken? I’m sorry for...I mean, if I made it go too long, I should’ve paid attention to the time, I—”
Dean sighs and stares at the grain on the bar top. His eyes unfocus. “Not really. I’m a high school dropout. I’ve had a total of four partners that lasted more than a night, and two of those were from high school. Everyone else has been one-nighters. When my agent discovered me, I was working three jobs, none of ‘em going anywhere. And what I do now? There’s nothing fascinating about standing in one spot for hours, shivering because they keep spraying me with a hose to keep me wet just so they can get the perfect shot of my chest.”
“Okay, but wait,” Dean insists. He does something with his phone, propping it against his half-filled coffee cup. “Okay.”
They slot every part of their bodies together that they can, though it doesn’t feel close enough. Dean wants more,
The men trade notes and small gifts back and forth, each note less and less superficial, according to Dean. He was showing Sam the notes at first, sharing all the new information about Castiel—
Still, Dean’s body reacts. His stomach sours; the good feelings dissipate, replaced by a cold, solid anxiety in his gut.
“Won’t Baron von Douchenozzle love the fact that Bal and Reagan stayed over? Bet he’ll think we had some sort of orgy,” Dean snarks.
“Yeah, you do. He knows, too. But he’s fucking scared out of his mind, okay? He’s too proud to tell you that, but he is. That fear of rejection—for something that’s not even his fault—it’s a bitch, man, and he’s got that fear. But I think you’re bringing him around. So that stuff you spit back at me, say it to him. Or show him. And...be patient, all right?”
They talk about what that means for her, including what to call Cas on non-class time, how she’s not going to be treated differently by him at school, how to keep their relationship private, how they need some grown-up time without interruption, and how to talk to either of them if something is bothering her or she has questions.
Tonight, he’s going to a bar, and he’s guaranteed to hook up because he’s hooking up with Dean, his best friend.
Castiel watches her disappear, still smiling and feeling fortunate that he has such good friends despite his dull life.
“He’s selfish, egotistical, and feels completely justified in everything he does. He’s tried to use our weaknesses against us, he has said and done horrible things that
Again. Dean moans. “And did I hold your hands in mine a week ago and willingly vow to be committed to you forever, forsaking all others?”
possessive, and it’s kind of hot. He stays glued to his side, planting kisses along his neck whenever he can without making too much of a spectacle.
“So, the roleplay,” Cas says over dessert after a surprisingly satisfying meal (who knew salad could actually taste good?). “Thoughts? Feedback?”
By the time he goes back to the house she’s staying at with God knows how many strangers, “street uncles,” and “friends,” he’s calmed down a little, but he’s still resolved to get this done, one way or another.
Dean leers at him, pointedly looking at his crotch and making sure Cas can see the roll of cash in his pocket. “I might have a way to get you warm and dry.”
Castiel smiles. He really does have the best friends. His smile quickly turns to a horrified cringe. “Oh no, I didn’t tell them!”
It takes no time for Dean to change into the cozy bathrobe he bought Cas for the gazebo roleplay they did, a robe Cas adores and wears whenever he can. When he comes out, Cas gestures to the stool. “I’ll be doing a series of sketches,” he explains. “Please disrobe when you’re ready.”
At that, Dean perked up. They only went there together, and only because Dean thought Castiel liked the place. Dean would never justify the expense for only himself.
“Yeah, well, I think my perpetual bachelor uncle who I never saw with a woman might have a personal interest in supporting men who love men, if you know what I mean.”
She shakes her head. They ride in silence for a bit until she says, “Gotta open yourself up. He’s the one, according to your body.”
At least he can escape these other self-absorbed dumbasses on this shoot with him. Like in any other job, you have people you like and people you don’t. The models he’s with today fall firmly in the latter category.
The wedding in their yard is simple and beautiful, a joyous celebration, and the final adoption hearing a week later is just as celebrated and joyous. Life continues as before, except it’s a little extra now.
Dean throws his head back and laughs at Cas’ nickname for his vibrating sex toy (one that Gabe gave him the money for once he found out about the Peer Education thing because “you need to educate them on
He watches Dean carefully for his reaction as he delivers five slaps with his hand, just enough to sting, then rubs at the hot, reddened flesh.
He could use a little healing and hope right about now. And if his favorite author says this is gonna be good, he trusts him.
But as he sinks into Cas over and over, as their lips stick and slide with every push, as he gazes into blue, blue eyes his soul has known forever, it’s hard to remember that.
Dean pouts, Cas stands and kisses his hair as he passes, and Dean stares down at his plate, feeling way giddier than he should.
Cas shifts his position and Dean shifts with him, staying close. “I just wish I knew what the hell I did to—”
Dean rolls his eyes, then pulls Cas to his knees in front of him. “Thank you,” he whispers before planting a tender kiss on Cas’ lips. Cas, forgetting himself, deepens the kiss, thumbing his jaw. He feels Dean respond by leaning closer and clutching the back of his head.
Lee arrives behind them, so Cas and Crowley move out of the way. Dean slaps his arm in greeting as he takes the twelve-pack he brought, plus the beverages that both Cas and Crowley brought. He slides everything into the fridge, then tucks several bottles for the newcomers into his arms.
Dean meets his eyes, those soft, sincere blues regarding him with such love, a look he’s seen hundreds of times. Cas has never lied to him. “Yes.”
Scowling at Vaughn’s door, Dean mutters, “Fuck if I know.” He turns a softer gaze to Cas. “Don’t worry about it. Let’s get you comfortable in bed, okay? This damn couch is too small for us.”
“Calm down,” he says to himself yet again. “Cas is gonna know. He’s gonna know, and you’re gonna blow it.”
They pay for their order and leave. Dean seems to be gone, too. Castiel quickly flips the lock and switches the sign to “Closed” so he can take care of Matthew and try to wash his shirt and the kangaroo carrier the best he can. His usual spare shirt is gone, used a couple of weeks ago when Matthew spit up all over him. He forgot to replace it.
—“uh, I mean, I’m trying to look good for...someone.” He pulls out his phone and shows her the pictures he found online. “I thought maybe you could tell me if any of these are good.”
serious—this is a show for the masses). They take a tour and learn all about the work of the IAC and talk about supernovae—specifically, superluminous supernovae, which Dean had never heard of until Cas told him about them on the plane ride over. The crew films a few things, and Cas nerds out. From there, they move on to the Teide Observatory, and this is where Dean gets excited, too. He’s finally going to see Rigel.
Cas bursts into laughter at Dean’s closed-mouthed “talking.” Life might be fucked up at the moment, but at least he has his best friend.
Dean’s sassiness is as alluring as it is frustrating, and his eyes sparkle mischievously. He’s so hard to resist.
“I guess our first mistake was trusting Professor Google,” Dean jokes. It brings a smile, briefly, to Cas’ face.
There’s a log from a long-fallen tree that he always sits on, and today is no exception. He hunkers down, folding his hands together and gazing unseeingly at the ocean as it laps the shore. He digs his toes into the sand, grounding himself so he’s neither swept away by the waves of sadness that always seem to find him here nor slammed into the ground by them.
“Indeed he was. And the man was just as pleased, for you see, he was lonely, too. The man and the dragon became the very best of friends after that.”
“Even rough-and-tumble cowboys like to feel pretty sometimes,” he explains as he yanks Dean to his feet and works his jeans and underwear down.
Castiel remembers times like this at home—times when they’d grill hot dogs, family and friends surrounding them in the small Cape his parents still live in. He didn’t have that sense of longing then, that urge to escape, to spread his wings and flap away as far and as fast as they’d take him. He was in the moment, happy to be with his cousins, happy his dad made sure to take every Saturday night off from the store, happy to eat his weight in red hot dogs and corn on the cob loaded with butter and salt. If he’d let himself, he could be happy now. Very happy. He just needs to live in the moment again, to stop pushing away happiness because he’s afraid of all the what ifs. Sure he doesn’t have everything he wants. He probably never will. But things will work out somehow—they did for his parents, they did for his brother, they did for everyone in this room. They have for him. He’s here, sharing food and laughs and love with people who are important to him, people who are important to Matthew. Like Dean told him, he really does have something great here. He does have a lot to offer, things that money can’t buy. And damn it, he loves that baby to death.
His eyebrows climbed up his forehead as he considered the (very positive, very hot) possibilities. And then… “Wait, we could’ve done that before we left?”
“We should be paying less than him,” Cas hisses as they lie in their twin beds in their shared room, talking in the dark. It’s something they’ve done since they started rooming together, and it’s familiar and comforting. “He has an entire bedroom to himself. We have to share, and we don’t even get to use his precious furniture. We ought to pay less. A lot less.”
), then settles at his desk with the bread and a determination to get through his grading so he can have his Sunday free. Not that he has anything to do. Or anyone to do anything with. He sighs, watches the video again, and smiles once more, then rolls his shoulders and gets to his task.
“Yeah, well, tell that to my exes,” he finally says. He can’t let himself believe they could be something, even if he desperately wants to.
Henriksen turned toward the scene. “Try like hell to get them out of there without freezing to death.”
That only makes him laugh harder and pull Dean closer, and soon Dean is joining him, tears running down their cheeks.
“You’re not just friends, Dean. You love him.” He shoots Dean a challenging look, daring him to argue. Dean can’t, of course. When he doesn’t, Sam softens and says, “If you guys don’t figure this out, it’s gonna be hard on you.”
Dean thinks this isn’t the best time for Blindness Education and Etiquette 101, but he asks, “So why’d you touch my face, then?”
“Pfft, that’s old,” Castiel replied in a bored tone as he snatched the bag and Dean’s hair junk, hoping neither his voice nor his hands were shaking.
They decided after the last roleplay that they needed to have a way to stop the scene. Cas had worried that he’d overstepped when he dragged Dean into the bathroom during the first roleplay and again when he rimmed him during the last one, but that Dean just went with it all because he didn’t feel like he could say no. He hadn’t overstepped at all, either time, and Dean told him so, but they agreed that it was good to have an out, just in case.
“We could skip the game,” Dean says hurriedly. “I mean, I canceled it the weekend we did the roleplay in my backyard, so what the hell. I’ll see if Sam can have it at his place so it doesn’t have to be canceled altogether. Those guys can live without us. That all right with you?”
him to use more sunblock), but they catch it before it gets too bad. Cas gets his usual tan, only a tinge of red on his shoulders and cheeks. Their Monday afternoon is quiet and peaceful.
He’s always taken care of other people and, frankly, doesn’t take a lot for himself. Sex is what he’s always considered his “selfish” thing, his thing he does just for him.
Drago shakes his head, then turns it toward the floor of the turret where he’s been captive for so many years.
He takes a moment to think, though he already knows what he wants. He just wants to make sure Cas would be okay with it. “In me? Is that too much for our first time?”
“I know it’s not going away,” Dean explained when they parted. “I know we’re good. I’ve just really enjoyed this.”
He doesn't take the bait. “I’m fine, we’re fine, just tired. I’m seeing him tomorrow after I get some work done.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Okay. I’ll do the store’s lot, at least. And if you’re that worried about the store, I can open for you. I think I got the hang of things.”
They smile and lean their heads and hands together, no glass or pandemic enough to get between their love.
Castiel unlocks the door and heads inside with Matthew, Dean following. As Castiel unpacks, Dean gets right to work on the coffee without being told. He really has been a good worker. Castiel wonders when the novelty will wear off.
“What’s this called again?” Dean asks, thumbing toward the strange, rocky sculptures around the rim.
Dean has never made love to Cas. Yes, they’ve had many sexual encounters. Yes, he’s had his cock in him. But really, truly made slow, gentle love, when he penetrated him with feelings and not just body parts, when he showed him just how incredible he is...he hasn’t. Not like this.
For a moment, Dean feels the shame of being caught, specifically the shame of being caught calling a guy’s name, if that’s what he did. But for once, he pushes it aside. “Didn’t expect anyone to be here,” he shrugs, trying to give off a sorry-not-sorry vibe. “S’what happens when you don’t call ahead,” he adds, trying to joke with the guy. Vaughn, as always, isn’t impressed.
“Maybe,” Cas frowns. Hesitantly, he asks, “Should we continue? Make ourselves look even more sexed up than usual?”
“But I think we could get around it with the video chat thing you suggested. On Messenger. I don’t have Facetime.”
Castiel frowns. “I suppose,” he says slowly. “Well, it shall be worked out later. For now, I am happy with you and the garden.” He pauses, a delightful pink blush rising in his cheeks.
“Sure,” she shrugs. “But don’t give me too much credit. Cas asked me to bring it over. Said to tell you he appreciates your contributions to the team?”
Cas sleeps like a rock afterward, but it takes Dean some time to feel sleepy. He gathers the things from outside and places them in the tent, then bundles the two of them under the covers. It’s colder out here than he thought it would be, and the air mattress is small and doesn’t hold two men all that well. He has a feeling they’ll be feeling the ground under them tomorrow. All in all, it’s not quite as romantic as he hoped, though it certainly had its moments. Cas was definitely happy. They had a great time stargazing and making love, and Cas loved his poem. And Dean supposes sleeping on a small mattress in chilly weather isn’t so bad. It gives him a great excuse to snuggle up to his husband. If this is the worst it gets, no problem.
On Saturday, catching wind that Vaughn planned to have a party at the apartment (the third or fourth now since school began, and all without asking first), Cas and Dean decide to throw an impromptu party of their own. They’re hopeful that not only will this stop the parties, but also that it will be the final straw for their roommate.
The joy he feels talking with Cas in their correspondence is dampened by the guilt he feels for hurting him the way he did and the fact that he knows the truth and Cas doesn’t. It’s not fair to him. And above all, above his own happiness, he wants Cas to be happy.
She nods. He shrugs out of his other sleeve, with Hannah’s help, and faces away from the women so they can see the huge tree that stretches across his back. “The canopy represents my life,” he explains. “That sliver of bare branches was a really bad time in my life. As you can see, I’m doing much better.” He smiles as he thinks about the full, healthy leaves that represent his here and now. “The cardinals are my husband and I.”
It’s Cas, still in his dress pants but now wearing the sushi shirt, his hair messier than the spy’s sleek style. His bag is slung over his shoulder.
Castiel nods, still reveling in Matthew’s accomplishment and not even a little upset that it was Dean Winchester who made it happen.
“Despite all the crap, there was a lot of good here. Great stuff here.” Cas’ voice cracks. Dean gathers him in his arms, and they sway.
Castiel smiles, his eyes floating to the ceiling as he shakes his head. “I love that selfless idiot so much.”
Dean sat on the cold, too-firm shore. Cas sat across from him, keeping a respectful distance that didn’t feel at all right. He bit his lip as he waited for the “so you know my feelings, what are
“I suppose I have. Actually, thanks to your and Cas’ acting skills, it went even better than I thought it would. That turn the two of you took was brilliant. Now, all you have to do is go back and patch things up with Cas in the same sort of dramatic fashion, then start the most epic romance since Rose and Jack in
For most of Sunday, Cas sleeps. When he’s not sleeping, Dean tries to get him to eat, but no luck. He’s not interested in much more than tea, and even that seems to go down with some difficulty.
“He thinks all guys into guys are about the sex, anyway,” Dean says. Cas does have a point about overselling things, but selfishly, he really wants to kiss him as much as he can, so he doesn’t want to make their plan have
It takes Dean a second to get what the pun was supposed to be, but then he laughs like an idiot. Everything’s fine. Yes, they just shared amazing blowjobs, but Cas is still his snarky, dorky best friend who accepts him as he is, even with his weird ideas.
putting his melancholy aside for a while. Later, when the house is dark and the revelers have long since hit the hay in anticipation of tomorrow’s celebration, Dean sits with a beer and contemplates. He misses Cas enormously. The weight of his feelings for him keeps him pinned to the couch, staring at the mantel with the stockings on it. He imagines a time when Cas’ stocking is up there, right next to Dean’s, and he gets his own favorite candies and trinkets from Mom. He thinks about having a house together someday, maybe with a mantel of their own, and how he would play Santa and fill Cas’ stocking and the space under the tree with chocolate-covered cherries (the ones with the clear liquid center), historical fiction, comfy socks and sweatshirts, maybe a fancy tie for work or gift cards for their home improvement projects, maybe some silky boxers he can slide slowly off him…
Castiel hears laughter and cheering, probably because he looks as utterly stunned as he feels. The tickets on Dean’s phone are for Playa del Carmen. “Dean?”
“No, no, she’s right, brother,” Benny agrees. “Seems like lately that’s who’s got your attention. More than usual, I mean.”
“You got it, babe.” He backs away, grabbing at the bottle of lube again that Cas recognizes from the living room couch rather than the bedside table.
“So, Dean, is it?” Castiel’s father asks and oh, no, he has that twinkle in his eyes. Castiel tries to shoot his father a
Benny nods. “Yeah. I’m shittin’ myself, brother. Me ‘n’ Zeke don’t know what to do with a baby. He’s sittin’ there with him, and the baby seems all right, but we ain’t got a clue other than we gotta do somethin’ with ’im. You gotta come down. Please.”
Dean arrives shortly after 6:00, and if he’s overwhelmed by the people in the cottage, he doesn’t show it. Not at first, anyway. He approaches Castiel and leans in, but pauses before he hits his target. “Is a kiss okay in front of everyone or no?” he asks quietly.
“I’m glad you all could make it,” Dean says, turning toward Gabe and elbowing Cas just enough to tell him he heard him.
He’s been trying his best to laugh about the whole thing, too...or at least smile...or, at minimum, not cry. But it’s been difficult. He’s worried, he’s trying to keep Matthew comfortable and entertained, and he sees no day off in his future. Patience and Jack, his part-timers, are great, but they’re in college full time and work limited schedules this time of year. His other two part-timers are gone now, one having retired and one having moved away just a couple of days before the accident to care for an ill, elderly parent in Florida. With a baby in his care, he hadn’t gotten around to interviewing anyone yet, and now with all of this he can’t afford to hire. So, he’s pretty much it. Gone are the one day off a week and getting home at a decent hour. He needs the money.
“Then we’ll be exhausted and grumpy.” Castiel gently pulls the list from Dean’s hands. “And you know that won’t work with traffic. Hon, I don’t need to see everything. Los Angeles will still be here. We can always come back.”
There haven’t been romantic getaways, or wine tastings, or even a lot of actual dates. With how busy they are, they mostly cook at home when they’re not exhausted, having family or friends over sometimes. They take Matthew to the beach and the park, spending as much time with him as they can. Occasionally Castiel’s parents or brother or friends take Matthew, so those are the times when they squeeze in loud sex that probably disturbs the neighbors.
“Of course not! The more the merrier!” Garth declares, getting up to pull two more chairs around the table.
Dean starts to laugh despite himself. His boyfriend is so damn cute. He’s also right. “Come dance with me.”
Knowing that Cas changed and hid certain things about himself for Dean makes Dean realize, with sudden clarity, that he did the very same thing with Lee. Maybe it wasn’t just that Lee felt insecure about him changing...maybe Lee didn’t even know
Dean wonders for half a second if it’s fair to throw something at a person who can’t see before he tosses a balled-up napkin at his chest. “Stop being a prick.”
It’s taking everything in his power not to burst into laughter. “You don’t have any hair, Miguel. You don’t need hair gel.”
Benny raises his hands in surrender as he takes the formula and follows Zeke to the station’s kitchenette.
Spotting them through the glass door, he grins as he quietly steps outside and watches them. They’re in a corner of the large, lush garden, beyond the arch he and Cas were married under. The spot is shady, perfect for the huge garden swing Cas made last summer—more of a bed than a swing, really. They’ve taken some great naps back there. Done a few other fun things, too, Dean remembers fondly. His husband’s back is against one of the arms, cushioned by a floral-print throw pillow. Nyssa, their Irish Setter mix, is snoozing at his feet. Books are scattered on the ground in a semblance of a pile. A glass of lemonade sweats on the side table. All of Cas’ attention, though, is on the bundle in his arms and the conversation he’s carrying on. Dean inches closer and hides behind a nearby arborvitae so he can listen.
“Cassie!” Bal shouts, arriving with Reagan, Felix, and Calvin, and a few more people besides. Charlie and Jo are already at the apartment, cooking and giving everything just the right amount of pizzazz. “I have the lasso!”
He looks up, ready to issue his standard greeting, when he sees it’s his brother, who’s holding the door open for someone behind him.
Cas stops the swing, releases Dean from its hold, then carries him (which will never not be hot) to the game table, now clear of their earlier activities. He spreads him onto its surface and swallows him down while he tugs the toy out of his ass. When he’s weeping from both his cock and his eyes, Cas pulls him up and switches their positions.
The chance to be with Dean again, as his partner, is tempting, even though they wouldn’t be doing all the sweet things they did last weekend. It would be easier, he thinks, at least for the roleplay. “Are you sure?”
Dean sits on the chair in the middle of the floor. It reminds him of the night they were spies and he was tied to this very chair. He was already getting hard between the pole dancing videos and looking at Cas in his clothes, but thinking about how intimidatingly hot Cas was as a spy gets him the rest of the way there.
“For you. Only you. Because this angel told me once that good things happen, and I thought, you know, he’s right, but sometimes we gotta make ‘em happen.”
Cas had thought quieter wouldve been better, too—he’d heard a lot about Puerto de la Cruz, another spot with lots to do but a more relaxed atmosphere. But he hadn’t planned the trip, and he wasn’t going to criticize. “We don’t have to go to the beach, sweetheart.”
He shakes his head as the buzzing begins once again. Garth has no idea how right he is. “Yeah. We’re suckers like that.”
Dean chuckles as Cas and Zepp come into the house. He wipes batter from his thumb onto the apron he brought from home. “I guess I’m both. Hope it’s okay that I used my key for non-emergency purposes.”
Dean pouts thoughtfully, then nods. “Yeah, well, I still think you shoulda waited. Couldn’t that brother of yours who stayed with you the last few days have helped you?”
Now, they’re staring at a gorgeous sunrise amidst a sea of clouds, a view just as beautiful as the starry sky they got to see one more time on the way up. They’ve been awake for a while, making the journey up the mountain in the dark via an exclusive tour that Cas set up with a smile and an agreement to take photos for the business’ promotional materials (he still doesn’t understand his appeal, the handsome, oblivious nerd). Not much walking for this one, thank God, because Dean’s not sure he could take much more. His blisters are getting blisters.
“Great.” Cas sneers in faux disgust. Dean really wants to kiss that sneer right off his gorgeous face.
“I’m not a charity case and I'm not broke. I’m just...frugal. I have to be. You know how it is in the winter. Business is down, bills are up. And I just helped Jack with his spring semester costs.”
“No,” Cas attempts to calm him. He squeezes his biceps through his coat. “Jilly and Harry are here because of me.”
Dean’s attention floated toward the building, the one he’d purposely averted his eyes from when they arrived. The floodlights that were just being erected cast a harsh light on the garish, apocalyptic scene. It was already coated in a layer of snow, as if Mother Nature was trying to hide her mess by sweeping it under a thick white rug.
Steph says nothing, but there’s recognition in her eyes; they soften marginally. She adjusts her baby in her arms.
They each take a large breath and smile at each other. This is what they’ve both wanted since they started rooming together sophomore year—a place of their own, away from the noise and the beehive of communal living. Finally, they’ll have someplace where they don’t have to wear flip-flops into the shower to prevent athlete’s foot or listen to people screaming down the hall at all hours. “Best year of our lives, Cas,” Dean says, resting a hand on his thigh, which is also dangerous territory, but he can’t seem to help himself. “Let’s get it.”
Cas huffs. “Shut up. Seriously. Maybe I should leave it alone. I could blow this whole thing. I don’t want to lose his friendship.”
When they’re finished lingering over their meal and they’ve checked out the latest work on the house, Dean takes his hand and leads him to the beach. He’s especially affectionate tonight, earlier sitting so close to him it was difficult to eat and now kissing the hand he’s holding and shooting not-so-subtle heart-eyes his way. Castiel isn’t any more subtle, hooking their feet together earlier and now bumping into Dean constantly as they walk until he finally tugs him into a long, tired, tender kiss. They smile as they part slowly, neither in a hurry to lose their closeness.
hot, sue him). Cas sits close to him, as he always does, and Dean sweats, as he always does. It’s getting worse as time wears on. He glances at Cas’ hands. They’re so fucking sexy, and Cas doesn’t even realize how much he turns Dean on when he rubs his hands along his thighs absently. He does it a lot. Cas is a fidgeter. Those hands have featured in many of his fantasies...on his legs, his chest, in his hair, on his cock...on Dean’s legs, his chest, in his hair, on his cock...
Cas hums, then hums louder when Dean spreads him and puts his tongue to use once more. “Fuuuuuuck,” he whispers, clawing at the sheets.
“These are for me?” Cas questions, a delighted glow in his eyes. Beside him, Gabe watches as Cas nuzzles his face into the bouquet and inhales deeply. He wasn’t sure if Cas would like them or not, but since his brother isn’t into the toxic masculinity shit, he told Dean it was worth a try. Clearly, it was a good call.
Now Vaughn is squirming. It seems Cas has him right where he wants him. Dean can’t wait to see how the slippery bastard gets himself out of this without admitting he’s a homophobic asshole or admitting that he truly is uncomfortable, since he already said he wasn’t.
Cas closes his computer and wraps his arms around himself, feeling less lonely than he has in a long time.
Near the end of their song, in his periphery, Dean swears he sees something else lift—from the rubble.
Wearily, Dean dragged himself into the station. The explosion reported a couple of hours ago was actually a roof collapsing. Those bow truss roofs were too damn old to take the amount of snow they’d been getting recently. This one was a pancake collapse—the roof just fell straight down to the ground. It was a mess, but there wasn’t much to do except tear it down. Another crew was taking care of that, so they came back to the station.
He hears a chuckle, then feels Cas’ lips against his, soft and gentle. Knowing he won’t get this again for some time, he tugs Cas closer until he falls on top of him. They make out lazily until Cas’ reminder alarm tells him he needs to leave.
“Should’ve locked the door, then. Besides, I know you weren’t. Charlie’s on day two of her period, and she hates period sex the first two days because it feels like Godzilla and Kong are fighting for bloody dominance in her uterus.”
“He sees you guys as purely a sexual thing, which disgusts him, yes, but it doesn’t shake up his worldview. You guys have said it yourselves: he thinks that guys who are into other guys are only into it for the sex. Your actions play into that beautifully. He’s grossed out, yeah, for sure. He hates it, and it makes him super uncomfortable. But it doesn’t poke at his core beliefs. What you really have to do is get him to see you beyond the sex, really
Smiling, Ethan loosens his fists. “Thanks. I think I will.” With a pointed look to Vaughn, he strides to Charlie and Reagan, who both sling their arms around him.
,” Castiel demands through gritted teeth. He side-eyes the kitchen to see Sam talking to Dean, ordering lunch. He turns back to Gabriel. “What are you getting? I’ll ring you up.”
“Yes. That’s what the vet said, and it fits him, for the most part. I'm actually a little surprised he came here because Russians can be rather skittish about noise, but I live nearby, too, so perhaps he's just used to the noise of the sirens.”
and trying a bunch of the vegan recipes on virtual dates! I encourage you to try a virtual dinner date with someone you care about, or check out these other ideas!
Next they stop at the Santa Monica Pier. They sing Everclear’s “Santa Monica” as they take in the people and the sights. Dean takes him on the Ferris wheel and grips his hand tightly. Castiel kisses him and makes him forget all about how high they are. They buy hot dogs topped with Japanese ingredients and hit the beach, breathing in the Pacific and wading in the water, shoes in Dean’s backpack. The hot dogs at home are better, but these are good, too.
to have. Dean seems to have gotten his appetite back, because he enjoys three pieces of the sweet cake that Cas made from one of Kelly’s recipes. “What is this, Cas? It’s awesome,” he gushes.
When Cas arrived, Dean looked remarkably more put-together than his texts suggested. He thinks that may have been the adrenaline, the conflict Cas walked in on temporarily providing some semblance of false sobriety.
The sparks in his chest are now racing through his body, little fires erupting in his thighs, his brain, his palms, his balls. Dea—
Dean smirks. “Maybe they can get footage of you in a lab coat, though. That would spark people’s interest. I’d watch that.”
“I think it’s working great. I’m teachin’ you to schedule this more often, not less, sweetheart. You’re gettin’ a fuckin’ raise.”
His internal chant is interrupted when Garth coughs so hard Dean’s pretty sure a lung is going to fall out.
“You’re still walking into precarious situations daily. Any day of the week, one of your crew could come to my shop and tell me you’re
It had been a beautiful day. They weren’t up early enough to catch the sunrise, but they were able to enjoy many of the benefits of the new morning: crisp air tickling their noses, woodland dwellers openly going about their rituals, mist creating a magical effect over the land. Their hike was long; their conversations, when they had them, easy. The hike had been followed by an entertaining lunch with Donnie, Eric, and Bear, whom Castiel and Dean had to thank for the reservation at The Mountain Room; Bear was, apparently, the head chef. After lunch, Dean surprised him with a trip back into the mountains, where they played on a ropes course and rode a huge zipline. Following that, Dean took him to Mead Me in Springstall, where they were now sitting side by side on a cozy couch, folded legs touching at the knees. Dean had one flight on the table and a half-pour of the braggot Castiel had suspected he’d enjoy in his hand, while by Castiel’s side sat a flight tray of his own, an empty full-pour of the melomel, and a half-pour bochet in hand. He was, to put it politely,
Maybe that’s why the date itself is also remarkable in how unremarkable it is. They razz each other. Cas shows off. Dean flips him off. They laugh. They share fries with vinegar. They hold hands, and it’s thrilling, but it’s thrilling in the way that Dean thinks it will always be thrilling with Cas. Dinner, too, is remarkable in how natural it feels, how utterly
“You’re too good for your own good.” Dean smiles softly at him. It shouldn’t make him shiver to his toes the way it does.
“I know you may find it a touch embarrassing, but it made my day, and the other two teachers who received it loved it, too. We could use a morale boost, honestly.”
“Life’s not easy. I mean, I don’t know what else to say except that I know what I’m getting into and I still want it.
Suddenly, Dean knows just what he wants his prize to be. And once everyone has been ushered out as hastily as they could get away with, he happily finds out what Cas does to brats.
He’s not sure how much time has passed when Cas calls his name, but his cheeks are wet and his mouth is dry. He smacks his lips and clears his throat. “Yeah?”
Cas sighs. He’s not sure how Garth knew, but if anybody had to know, Garth would be the one Cas would choose. He’s grateful he tried to intervene, and even more grateful they weren’t caught. “What of it?”
The timing is fantastic. Business will pick up quite a bit at the end of the month, when Memorial Day comes and the tourists begin their annual invasion, but for now things are still quiet. Alex is trained and is doing well, and Patience and Jack’s schedules have loosened up now that their classes are over. The weather is getting better—the sun is warm even if the air is still cool, so in many ways it’s the ideal time to be outside. There’s so much to do, so many opportunities in front of him.
With some lighthearted grumbling, they all take on a task, leaving Dean alone with Cas. “Thanks,” Dean says quietly.
“Well, I’m new with the company, and I wanted to personally meet and thank such a loyal customer of ours.”
“Wanted you to meet some folks. This is Wendy, my sister, and her boyfriend Don, and this is Chip and his husband Chris. Everyone, this is Castiel and this is Dean. Vaughn lived with them for a while before he moved out.”
“Cas. You said if I wanted you to look at me, I’d have to come to you. Here I am, on my knees. Look at me, please, sweetheart.”
“Nope. Look.” He stands and tucks his head under his shirt, then says in a sultry voice, “Hey, baby. Wanna come home with me? I’ll make it worth your while.” He thrusts his pelvis in Cas’ direction.
Blessedly, he stays conscious. The rain that’s just started and is expected to run through the evening is keeping most people away from the shop, so they’re able to get him out through the back door and into Jody’s truck without anyone noticing the guy who looks like he took a swim with his clothes on. He gazes at his car as if it’s a real baby and he’s leaving it with a friend for the weekend.
It takes Castiel a moment to realize what Benny is trying to say to him. “There was a baby brought for safe haven?” Castiel had been one of the citizens to help the fire and police stations join the Safe Haven program, allowing people to surrender their newborns without penalty or questions.
“Am I a big boy, one who can make his own decisions, no matter what you believe my decisions should be?”
He manages to slide the pizzas into the oven, pick up the baby, prep his bottle while entertaining him with a rousing rendition of “Old MacDonald Had a Farm,” and ring up three customers. Just as the door opens for another customer, the timers for the bottle warmer and the pizzas go off, the phone rings, and Matthew begins screaming, too hungry to be entertained by his singing anymore. Castiel ignores the customer for now, too busy placing the baby in his bassinet, removing the bottle from the warmer, taking the pizzas out of the oven, slicing and boxing the pizzas, picking Matthew up, sticking the bottle in his mouth, answering the phone after it starts ringing a second time, jotting down the order that was called in, fumbling the cordless phone and nearly hitting the baby with it as it falls, and kicking the broken pieces of the shitty phone across the floor with a pissed-off grunt.
Baby brought him to the ocean. It was turbulent, dark, cold—like his mood. He slammed Baby’s door behind him as he stomped toward the figure in the same dumpy trench coat he wore on Earth. After everything—all the times he lost him, all the joy in his returns, all the fights and agony and grieving and saving and confessions and aching, so much
“I don’t like friendships breaking up without at least trying to sort things out. And neither do you.”
He hears Dean come into the office, whistling as he places his things down. He fixes the computer-printed placard he tented on his desk—Cal Newman, the last name chosen because it’s roughly the English translation of Novak, according to Ancestry.com—and adjusts his tie.
“Dudes, I was banging this football player in the locker room the other night, when all of a sudden the guy’s teammate walked in. I was like, ‘shit,’ but then he sat there and watched us, like, what?”
“And secondly, it’s gonna hurt. If you guys just drop this thing between you when it’s over, it’s gonna be like you’re breaking up for real. Can you handle that?”
“Yes, I want him to be happy. But he needs to understand that he has responsibilities back home. It’s time to stop being childish, to stop playing house and get back to where he belongs. And you can help him do that, Castiel. You can take this generous offer I’m prepared to give you. You won’t have to worry about money for a long time. By doing this, you can help him be who he needs to be. He needs to be in the family businesses. It’s where he belongs.”
The house is fairly large and new to him, so he searches each room until he finds them in their bedroom—and nope, they’re not making out, but rather arguing in hushed tones. If there’s one thing they do as much as gross him out with their displays of affection, it’s annoy him with their petty arguing. He’s not sure which he’d rather walk in on. “I thought you guys were assembling the bed,” he grouses.
“Thanks. Hey, um, maybe I should check in on you tomorrow night, make sure you didn’t overstuff yourself on your huge gourmet meal.”
Rolling a shoulder like some sort of cover girl, Dean says, “Well, I like to think”—he shoots a look at Cas’ crotch—“
“You shouldn’t’ve put him in that position in the first place. Of course he’s gonna tell you it’s fine. He’s a good guy. You should’ve just come home. To him.”
“And about how there are all kinds of families and all kinds of people we love and ways we love them?”
He’s never met him in person—they did the usual beginning-of-the-year parent-teacher meet and greets via video, and when they were attending school in person, the drop-off and pick-up hand-offs were handled by other staff. He’s heard him many times, though, his deep voice rough yet gentle when instructing his daughter on this or that as she logs on for class. Mr. Winchester’s always been very good with her, just the right mix of helpful without hovering, kind but expectant.
“Anyone can write one, too,” Charlie continues. “Obvs. And if they wanna post it for others to read, all they need is an account.”
Sam’s son, nine-year-old Spence, wants to get in on the action and needs no prompting to insinuate his way into Bea’s video and goof around,
Gabriel raises his hand in a wave. “We took him out of your room as soon as he started to peep. Dean wanted you to be able to keep sleeping.”
A throat clearing by the door has them turning toward the noise. Neither of them had heard Dean come in. “Sorry, just thought you’d want to know I’m back. Your driveway is small. You okay, Cas?”
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know how he’d react. I think he’d be on my side, but I don’t want him to be so much on my side that he says or does something stupid to Bart that blows all my work to hell. It’s easier to deal with it on my own.”
Dean cocks his head. Huh. That’s crazy. It’s sort of like how Cas found out about his fanfic reading. So weird. Did he tell KilliansHusband about it? He doesn’t remember. It would be kind of cool if something that he said made it into one of KilliansHusband’s fics.
“The year will fly by, you’ll see. Soon we’ll be putting up another tree and we’ll be decorating all over again. We’ll do it together this time.”
Because he could now—and because Dean was irresistible with his lip jutting out like that—Castiel straddled Dean’s lap and planted a soft, affectionate kiss on his lips, one that told him he understood and felt the same way. “We’re coming back in just a few weeks.”
Bea informs him that they’re going to be doing some crafts today. Despite being a first grade teacher, “crafts” are not his strong suit—he usually lets the art teacher do anything more complicated than crayons.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean says, his voice too strained and breathy. Cas gives him an impressed thumbs up, then picks up his phone again.
“Well, I was ready the day before yesterday, so...just didn’t wanna scare you if you weren’t ready.”
neighborhood when he needs something, because all he wants is Cas, the dark-haired worker with the soulful blue eyes. Yeah. All he wants is Cas.
Lee blows a puff of smoke. “That’s still who I am, though. I ain’t livin’ for anyone else. Just me.”
Their mouths drop dramatically. They wave goodbye as they weave around displays and to the back of the store, where Stevie makes the treats.
“Yes, and my client would like that arrangement to end, so he’s prepared to offer you a substantial amount of money to make that happen.”
Dean staying out of trouble lasts until Cas gets them another round of drinks. At the bar, Cas is groped more times than the peaches in the produce bin. He ignores most of it, thinking himself a mere novelty to these drunkards who are looking for either a good time or a reaction, but Dean is furious and opens his mouth.
“Of course not. You’re welcome to have friends. No more parties without our permission, though. And it seems like it would be best at this time to limit the number of strangers in your home.”
Finding his true mate is not the way he expected to start his permanent residence on Augusta Island. Nor did he expect the less-than-enthusiastic welcome by said true mate. But a true mate is worth fighting for, and he’ll do whatever it takes to show him.
He blinks his eyes open and stands, at full alert now that he’s not alone. It’s an old but still useful habit, though today it’s more to avoid the embarrassment of being caught sleeping in an elevator than because he fears an attack. That’s in the past.
“I suppose you could just go back to having sex with bunches of people and stop complicating your life. I’ll volunteer to help.”
“Asshole! Holy—what the fuck, Corpse Bride!” Dean cries, arching his back and pushing ineffectively at Cas’ hands. Cas cackles, moving his hands to a new spot every time Dean grabs for him. “Did you come from the
If this doesn’t work, Dean thinks, they don’t have any other good options. Housing near campus is full, and he has too much shit to do on campus to make commuting from farther away viable. He
Novak nodded.  “We knew each other in school.  I stumbled over your name in an outskirts auction late at night while I was looking for a mechanic.  I hadn’t even been planning to buy that night.  I was only browsing the auctions because my father suggested I look for a mechanic we could help.  That’s what we do, Sam.  We buy contracts for the reason the Convicted Laborer Program was set up in the first place - to help the laborers.  Dean can tell you I wasn’t prepared for him at all.  I had nothing in place when I took him home.  I didn’t have clothes, or a room set up, or remotes for the family.  But when I saw your name, I spent more than I probably should have to buy your contract.  I didn’t even tell my family what I’d done until Dean was already there.  I just wanted to get my friend out.”  He lowered his eyes.  “When I saw Dean, I realized the deception immediately, but not why.  I was still angry with him.  I...  I didn’t treat him kindly at first, Sam.  It wasn’t until later that I realized what I’d been doing was wrong.  There were a lot of initial misunderstandings, too.  He, um, I accidentally called him by his own name instead of yours, and he believed, since I knew who he really was, that I was a threat to you.  And for my part, I believed, once he realized who I really was, that he’d be a threat to me and my family.”  Novak paused, looking at Sam.  “I’m here at your mercy, Sam.  But I’m asking, for the sake of our friendship, that you don’t out my family.”
Azazel’s eyebrows shot up.  “Really?” he asked, drawing out the word.  “And what else did you hear, exactly?”
“Do you think you might someday leave Sioux Falls without getting drunk and cutting up all over town?”
“It’s him,” Dean confirmed.  “I found him, Sam.  I found Immanuel Shurley.  He’s called Castiel Novak now.”
“I’ll be expected to what now?!  Dude!  I don’t know anything about...  Ok, stop.  Ca...  Master, please, would you please just stop for one freaking minute?!”
Mom and dad?  I glanced at Benny and Ellen.  “Wasn’t us, cher,” Benny corrected.  “But Charlie’s parents set this whole thing up.  It’s what got ‘em killed.”
Castiel felt calmer and more centered than he’d felt since the day he’d made the decision to leave Dean behind.  Looking back, he had no idea what he’d been thinking.  Leaving Dean alone and unprotected had been absurd.  Dean was kind to say otherwise, but Castiel knew his foolish decision had resulted in Dean’s capture and the death of his friend.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yelled into the empty cabin.  “We never had to beat any angel who’d chosen us, because they could never just take us on their own.  It was the collectors all along.  We just had to beat the collectors!  If we take Blue Eyes out, Michael can’t touch me!”
“Oh, shit!” Dean yelled.  “Call an ambulance!”  Forgetting his knife on the floor, Dean scrambled up and went to the woman, tossing his hat aside and pulling off his bandana.  Blood splashed into his face as she gurgled again.  He knelt next to her, pressing his bandana against the spreading wound.  Behind him, he could hear the clerk doing something, but paid no attention.  “Hang on,” he urged, looking into the woman’s glassy eyes.  “They’re coming, hang on!”
“This!”  He vaguely indicated himself with one hand.  “What I’ve regained, what came back to me just from being here with you. And I don’t even know what, exactly, it is that knocks me back down!  I think it’s just the day to day, you know?  The jack, the lab, the pressure, the stress of it!  I can’t take care of myself, everyone around me knows it, and I’m constantly reminded of it!  I feel like an imbicile, I’m treated like a special-needs child, and it gets to me, you know?  Out here, with you, I can be myself and no one cares, no one bothers me.  Dean, I have been happier these few days with you than I have ever been!  But back in Heaven?”  He closed his eyes.  “I’ll lose it all, Dean, I know I will!  Please don’t take me back!”
“Blockers in the vehicles and all through this building.  It’s fine.”  Bobby smiled.  “You’re not what I was expecting.”
“So, you expect my brother to say yes to you, and do what you want,” Dean clarified, “but it’s still his choice?”
Dean looked up.  Back in the direction they’d come, ominous columns of purple-black smoke were snaking through the sky, all heading towards the diner.  Dean felt his heart beating hard in his chest.  “What are they?”
“I know.  Even being here’s going to be tough, with everyone being bigwigs in Roman Enterprises.  It’s pretty obvious I can’t expect any outside help.  But I’ll manage.  Hey,” he drawled, winking at her.  “I got this far.”
The arm around him was firm, solid.  Castiel clung frantically, desperate to keep himself from sliding out from under it.  Beneath him was nothing but empty air.  Castiel caught his heels on the face of the gargoyle again, managing to balance on the inch or so of space Dean gave him.  He stood, panting and shaking in terror.
Cas just looked at me.  Shit.  I hadn’t wanted to pin him down like this in the first place.  Now that he was calm, to keep doing it felt like abuse. “Alright,” I agreed.  “I’ll let you up.  But if you’re already cold, you need to drop the Angel armor, alright? I’m not going to hurt you, and it will only lower your body temperature faster.”
For once, Dean was grateful for Dick Roman’s ruthlessness.  Now Cass would have no choice but to give his contract over.  Dean would find Sam, get him out.  Sam would end up with a collar just like Dean’s, but at least he’d be safe in the dome.  If they were together, they could find a way to escape even Dick Roman’s clutches.  They’d get out, maybe find some way to contact Cass...
“You have nothing to be sorry for.”  Cass’s eyes were full of concern as he watched Dean.  “You were really upset, crying and begging to be left alone.  You seemed terrified.  I thought it might be helpful if you talked about it?”
“Where he just happened to catch Dick’s eye, and incidentally, just happened to get you information that you could use to get the warehouse I got attacked for looking too hard into.”
“Motherfucker, I didn’t do that!” Dean roared.  Desperate to be heard, he moved forward and shoved at Castiel’s chest.
“Fuck that,” Dean spat.  “Cass, you’re fine.  You need some therapy, but it’s not like you have to stay here!”
Cass did.  His strength still wasn’t what it should be after the self-inflicted shock.  Dean knew Cass would never have been able to climb down on his own.  But he was able to hold onto Dean, arms and legs clinging as Dean went out the window.
Both men stomped their way over to the table where Dean was seated and plopped into seats.  Their expressions were a weird mix of anger, frustration, and disgust.
I groaned.  “Ok, two things.  One, we were together and we were already in a physical relationship before Cas even met Dean.  Two, who cares?!”
He was surprised to find the door locked.  He tried knocking, then spotted a doorbell and pressed it.  From somewhere in the house, he heard chimes sound.  Chimes.  Fuck a duck, how pretentious could you get?  But honestly, what did he expect?  This was the inner city for sure.  The better part of it, with the fancy house and yard that took up way too much room.  It didn’t seem right to have all that space for a single family within the great dome that kept out all the nastiness of the rest of the world.  Even the garage was big enough for about a dozen cars, despite the small size of Dean’s new living quarters.  And this house was bigger than the last apartment building he’d stayed in.  Fancy windows, perfectly-sculpted hedges, flowers he’d never seen before, yup, he’d been purchased by douchebags for sure.
Castiel argued for twenty minutes with the staff in his section who refused to unlock his lab.  They were threatening to call the handlers before Michael arrived to intervene.  “You can’t work today because we’re doing the demonstration, remember?” he explained as he gently forced Castiel away from his lab with an arm around his shoulders.
Chuck nodded, satisfied.  “Alright.  It’s been a long day.  Why don’t we all turn in?  Tomorrow, I’ll go meet this Sam, what did you say his last name was?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be.”  He looked frantically at Bobby.  “Are you really alright with this?  Tell me the truth, now.”
“Hardly matters now, does it?  He’s affected.  That’s all that matters.  But unfortunately for me, Sam’s fixated on him.  If I want to keep Sam, then I need to try to rehabilitate his brother.”  Nicholas put a hand possessively on the teen’s chest.  “I’ll see him through treatment, see if maybe he can be saved.  If he can, I’ll bring him home.”
“Ok, Dr. Phil,” Dean grumbled.  He rubbed at his face with his free hand and glared when the cuff caught his other.  His eyes moved to Castiel, flicking over the older man’s appearance.  “Why are you soaking wet?”
Dean had forgotten how good Benny’s food was.  He dug in, making a pig out of himself.  He was on his third helping when Cass finally appeared.  Cass had dressed and washed up a bit, but his hair was still sticking every which way.  His eyes were only half open.  Cass remained standing long enough to accept a cup of coffee before dropping beside Dean.
Dean gave Gabe a shy smile.  “I can’t imagine someone like your brother would be interested in someone like me.”
Charging down the stairs, he nearly plowed over Ellen.  She grabbed his arm and pulled him into the kitchen. “Sam!  Are you alright?”
“None, I’m afraid.  Not without bodyguards.  Dean, I want to free you right away.  And I will, the first chance I get.  But we’re going to have to be very, very careful about how and when we do this.”
Good advice.  Dean poured another drink and delivered it to the executive.  Another one signaled him and Dean headed around the table.  “What will you have, sir?”
“And now you see the scope of the problem!” Dean groaned.  “Do you get it, Cass?  You can’t help me, no matter how hard you try.  My life was ruined the moment Alistair laid eyes on me.  He’s not someone who forgives and forgets, ok?  I’ve seen him around, keeping an eye on me, just waiting for me to screw up.  I knew if I got caught robbing that store I was fucked in more ways than one, but I was out of options.  Now that I’m also framed for murder, he’ll be ready to personally strap me into the electric chair!  Even without him, there’s no way you could just replace my life with a new one like you’d hoped.  With him, it’s completely impossible.”
“Look, whatever you may think of us?  We all have one thing in common,” Gabe called.  “We all love our families.  I’m a bit pissed off at my sister and my oldest brother right now, but I made damned sure they would be safe before we came out here.  And we came out here for two reasons.  First, we need to protect Cassie.  Second?”  He shook his head, suddenly looking angry.  “We were lied to.  We were betrayed.  And frankly, I’m pissed off!  All this time, I believed the work I was doing would help everyone.  Now I find out I’m living someone’s attempt to bring ‘Atlas Shrugged’ into reality and reform plantation society?  Fuck that!  Just shit all over that!”
“Oh, now you think to ask that!”  Cass rolled his eyes.  He tactfully took down the large purse at the top of Dean’s pile that had completely blocked Dean’s field of vision and tucked it under his own arm.  “Mr. Roman requested my presence today.  He didn’t bother to explain why, just that I should come and bring Sam.”
Gabriel climbed out of his chair, stretched, and leaned backwards, moaning as his back popped.  “Oooh, yeah! Long session today.”
Dean was half afraid to move.  His eyes flicked between Rufus and Cass, paying little attention to the conversation.  His mind was still spinning around one thing.  Rufus had talked about Castiel’s gay side, thought Dean was Cass’s boy toy, and Cass hadn’t denied it.  Did that mean Cass actually did have a gay side?  Or was Rufus just being a complete ass?  It would certainly fit his character to this point.  Dean had made out with another boy once, just to see what it was like.  It had earned him one of the worst beatings of his life when John Winchester had caught him.  But at this point, Dean cared little for what his father thought about him.  He knew he found both sexes attractive, and Cass was certainly an attractive man.  The idea that he might actually have a chance with Cass was doing things to Dean, making his heart beat quicker.
For some reason, Lenny and Barney were sniggering again.  I heard her say something sharp to them I wasn’t listening closely enough to catch, and the laughter got even louder.  I ignored them all.
“What do you want?!” Dean exclaimed, furious.  “Did you seriously just track me down to rub into my face that I suck as a caregiver?”
Castiel had curled up around the hands at his waist, both of his own hands still up to cover his plate.
I was still feeling sentimental when I climbed out and headed towards the house. That’s my excuse, the only one I’ve got for why I wasn’t doing my job, paying attention to my surroundings. Because the next thing I knew, something was jabbing into my side and electricity was shooting through my system. I went down like a ton of bricks.
Now James Novak’s daughter was on her way, expecting to confront Castiel about her father, who had gone missing twenty-five years ago.
Castiel nodded.  “And that’s why they stole me.  They knew that, since I’d designed it, I could activate it.  So they took me away and forced me on the jack, made me activate their own personal network.  But to do that required me to constantly be on the jack, running a makeshift network that was designed to be held up by a global bank of computers and five Angels!”
Immediately, Castiel cringed.  “I’m sorry, I delayed us.  I got this idea about sealed pistons, and...”
Of course, Dean had no answer to that.  He rolled back onto his back with a groan.  “Just stay close to me from now on.  It’s pretty damned obvious that I can’t let you wander off on your own again.”
Ketch had turned, hand going to the pistol he’d had hidden in the back of his pants.  There was a stomach-dropping feeling of movement, and Dean found himself standing next to the Englishman.  The Trickster’s grip on Dean’s arm still hadn’t loosened.  The angel’s other hand was moving again, reaching out to rip Ketch’s weapon free, toss it aside, and then shove Ketch hard in the chest.  The Englishman went sailing back to land in a sprawl next to Bobby.
Castiel parked Baby about half a mile away from the cabin and hiked in through the woods.  He was alert for any sign of someone watching.  But the area seemed deserted.  The cabin itself was ruined.
Naturally, Mikey caught both the exasperation and the shortening of his name.  “I prefer Michael, if you don’t mind.  You have some reservations about the security arrangements?”
“And that was my choice,” Dean insisted.  “You remember how we talked about the choices we make being our own?  No one forced me to do that.  I chose to.  So no matter what else happens now?  None of it is your fault.”
“Because I can’t stand it!”  Cass was getting up, walking over to Dean.  “I understand, now, why you did what you did.  But that doesn’t change how I feel.  And I cannot continue to go on like this, living in the same house, one door apart, when I’m feeling this way, alright?  I can’t pretend not to feel my heart beating quicker every time I look at you, or that I don’t watch when you walk across the room.  I can’t do it, Dean.  It’s not fair to ask me to.”
Cass didn’t answer.  Dean fidgeted in the silence, feeling it weigh on him, feeling a dark bubble building up inside of him, ready to pop.  What would it bring to the surface?  “I didn’t kill anyone,” Dean said, breathing hard.  “I didn’t do anything that would hurt anyone.  If that clerk hadn’t had a gun, I still wouldn’t have actually cut him.  Everything I did, no one was hurt.”
“It will if you help him.  Dean, once you restore his name, he’ll be able to hear you if you pray to him.”
As he’s pouring the coffee, already made thanks to a timer on the coffeemaker, Dean calls, “Hey! You went somewhere!”
Castiel squints. “Is this some sort of publicity stunt? ‘Good Guy Dean Winchester Selflessly Volunteers to Work for Cash-Strapped Foster Dad in Quaint Maine Town’? Because if it is, you can walk your ass out the damn door right now. I have real-life shit to do.”
“I’m not. Much.” Cas grins, then spreads himself over Dean’s body and nuzzles his nose. “I like romance too, you know. I have all sorts of ideas.”
“Sounds like something Sam would say,” he mutters, then sighs. “Yeah, I guess. I dunno. Just wanted to spill somewhere, I guess.” He stands with effort, the weight on his heart making his movements heavy and clumsy. “Thanks for lis—”
“Good.” He sinks down on Dean in one steady push. Clearly, he prepped himself. “And am I intelligent? Do I think things through?”
“Please. I like your proposals,” Dean replies cheekily, relieved he won’t have to make the decision alone.
At 4:45, Castiel arrives with Matthew and all his gear in tow. He’s grateful that they didn’t ask him to bring anything. “Hi, sorry I’m la—”
“Step up my game? Excuse me, but we went to the dumb farmers’ market you wanted to go to, and then I busted my ass making dinner for you, man! I stepped up!”
With a short laugh, Dean slid back toward his side of the bed. He lay back against the pillows and held out his hands. “Come here.”
After his less-than-impressive exit from Dean’s room, Castiel walks down the hall, down the stairs, and into the living room, all at a perfectly normal, nonchalant pace. He maintains his nonchalance until he sits on the couch, where they shared their first kiss just a short time ago. “Fuck,” he chokes in a whisper as he shoves his foot into his shoe. “Why? Why can’t I have him?”
It’s a big day for his brother, though, so he reluctantly drags himself out of bed and throws on his rattiest sweatpants and most offensive t-shirt, layering a zippered sweatshirt over it for warmth on this chilly almost-winter morning. He yawns, stretches, and wills himself not to climb right back into bed.
Tags for this chapter: sex worker Cas, client Dean, sex work (in a roleplay), police, embarrassment, Dean struggles with the roleplay even though it's his idea, Dean struggles with letting go, Cas and Dean use their words, common slang about sex work used
, and Dean’s totally into it. Cas finds that he feels better about the whole thing, too, and they both get off hard, Cas adding to the stains on the short-pile carpet.
They have such a great time that they invite the couple back to Dean’s, where they play some cards and nurse vanilla porters until they’re all surprised at how much time has passed.
Healing helps. Therapy helps. Keeping things as normal as possible helps. Cuddling, and healthy food, and getting out into the sunshine help. And soon, Cas has caged the dragon once again.
“Dean, honestly. If you can’t pick up a napkin when they’re neatly stacked in a holder, you need to work on your manual dexterity.” He straightens them again.
He scoots beside them, down on one knee. “Hand here and hand here,” he explains. “Just watch that your clothes don’t catch on any of the stuff taped onto her. Then hold her to your heart.”
Dean chuckles. “Just teasing. But really”—he bumps his forehead against Cas’—“I know it was kind of dumb luck, all of it, but it was the best luck and I’m...I’m so happy.”
Once Matthew goes to bed (at Dean’s; neither he nor Dean talked about them staying but it seemed understood), they settle in to watch a movie. Dean sinks a bowl of popcorn between them, and as they sit in the dark, their hands dipping into it at the same time, a shiver of anxiety races through Castiel. This would be an ideal time to flirt, wouldn’t it? But if he’s wrong, it’s going to be very awkward to backtrack. There’s nowhere to hide. He’s not even at his own house, and Matthew is sleeping.
He doesn’t seem to know who Dean is, and they never felt inclined to tell him, nor to tell him that he rented the house. Not until now, anyway.
to join them, and she tells him to pull out and jerk off on you while she watches…” Dean throws more Cetaphil on Cas’ chest as he pants and moans. Dean is
“Got someone here for you to meet, Dean!” Charlie trills. “I told our new neighbor about you and, amazingly, he wanted to meet you anyway.”
It’s nice to have someone who understands what he’s going through, Cas muses as he finishes their conversation.
The sex Dean treated him to after that admission was spectacular. He was grateful that they’d moved their bed to the living room after their love declarations and their incredible evening at their house. Like Dean said, love makes you do crazy things, and yeah, it’s a little crazy for two grown men to have their bed in the living room, but if that’s the only way they can get privacy, then to hell with it. It’s temporary, anyway, and it’s good to get Matthew used to sleeping in his own space.
Dean shrugs. The cold is making his cheeks pink, Castiel notices. “You got the Friday bag with you.”
), and a couple of weeks later, Claire has the book made. Jack helped some, but it was mostly her. He thinks that’ll be it. Easy-peasy, like great-grandma Winchester says. She says lots of stuff.
“Hey guys, I’m sorry, gimme just a minute, okay?” Castiel turns to Dean. “I have to work now. Thanks for using the door this time.” He turns his back on Dean as he slips Matthew, still crying, in the carrier that he wears. He kisses his head and promises that he’ll attend to him better as soon as he can. He makes the sandwiches, singing a song he made up that he calls “The Fuss Bus” that serves to remind him that Matthew doesn’t cry to be a pain in the ass; he has good reasons. The men at the counter are watching him openly, and even though Castiel knows they’re probably not judging him, it certainly feels like they are. He focuses on his task, finishing the sandwiches with a healthy dose of oil, salt, and pepper, then wrapping them in wax paper.
Thank you for all of your enthusiasm for the first chapter! So many of you said you’re hooked. That does my little writer heart good. 🥰 Now, let’s see if Dean will get hooked by Cas.
Commotion behind him distracts him briefly; it’s Isaiah, two other guys he thinks are named Nathan and Zach, and three women he doesn’t know at all. At the same time, Vaughn traipses out of his room, money in hand.
“Look, it wasn’t right, but maybe I get why you did what you did. Cas and I have talked about it, and he said some things that made sense. I’m willing to forgive you for the shit you pulled. But I’m never gonna be who I was again. I still like the club, I like going out and having a good time with friends, but I’m happy with myself and with Cas and I’m not doing the hookup thing or the getting wasted thing anymore.”
“Not the cookies!” He drops dramatically to the floor, pretending to choke. “Save me from Dad’s cooking!” he cries.
Chuckling, Dean kisses Cas’ shoulder, then fetches a wet washcloth and cleans them up, doing it all quickly so that he can snuggle in Cas’ warmth again. Cas rolls onto his back, and Dean does just that, curling into his side.
“Because I’m not like your other friends. They’re cool people who do cool things and I’m just...not cool and I had to—”
The food is even better than the wine, and he makes sure to tell Dean so, not only because his effort deserves to be recognized, but because he wants to put the same sort of flush on Dean’s cheeks. It works, but it also makes him so much more attractive that Cas curses himself for it.
“Yeah, we probably should, honeybunch. You’ve been coughing all day. Best to get you home and into bed so you can start to feel better.”
Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak thought that their senior year of college would be the best year of their lives—until they find out the apartment they’re renting has also been rented to someone else. Given three options, they choose option C—live together for the year and make it work.
Upon arriving at their apartment, they find exactly who they expect—Vaughn and his five closest buddies, watching the TV on Fox News as the election results come in. Cas toes off his shoes and collapses on the couch, flicking the TV to CNN. Dean is beat—he had a full class load today, plus labs, and he knows Cas’ schedule was just as full—so he follows Cas’ lead, as asked. And hey, if this is what Cas meant by following his lead, Dean is all for it.
Nodding and frowning, considering, Cas declares, “Not bad. How about, ‘I’m growing, too. Wanna see?’ and then I put your hand on my crotch? Too much?”
Miracle insisted on another walk after the movie, so they appeased him and added some stick-throwing for some extra fun until it grew dark. When they returned home and the dog sacked out in his very own memory foam dog bed on the floor of Dean’s room, Dean turned to Cas, who was watching him with an inscrutable look.
“We’re sorry, guys,” Gabriel says. “We just—we’re happy and we wanted our brothers to know our brothers, you know? But shit happened, and—”
“Thought you guys were fucking in here, said that our ‘skanky friend’ better not be staying the night.”
“Hey, I can't be the only one,” Dean defends himself. “’Sides, all your stories seem to imply that it’s okay for dudes to cry.”
His face warming, Cas pulls out of her arms. “Pizza should be here any minute. I’m gonna grab drinks.”
Dean hears Garth clicking, but he ignores it in favor of burying his nose in Cas’ hair and breathing him in. The smell of his shampoo comforts him in a way Dean hadn’t noticed until now. “Fuck, Cas, you don’t know how much I missed you.”
When the song is over, she stops her video and presses a few buttons to save it. It’s amazing how tech-savvy she is at her age.
“Or hey, Florida’s lookin’ pretty nice right now, right? Maybe we’ll search out some retirement communities, invest early, yeah?”
The woman glares at him, and they continue their silent argument. Dean stares at the floor, Cas stares at the spelling error on the sign (it’s so
Dean was hoping that he could meet with Jilly and Harry at the office, but they said they wanted to meet at the apartment. He’d been nervous about that, but the time they agreed on was before either of his roommates were supposed to get home, so he hoped that would give them time to talk privately.
Well, if she won’t appreciate his fine choreography, he knows Izzy, his brother Sam’s two-year-old daughter, will.
“I dunno. If boredom is based on numbers, then they must be. But if it’s not, then not necessarily.”
Castiel glances at the clock. If he’s all business and doesn’t get too wrapped up in Matthew’s gummy grins, he can probably be out fairly quickly. “Are you sure?”
When they started moving their things in yesterday, they discovered Vaughn all alone in the apartment, already unloading his things into the larger bedroom. They found out that night that he told the other guy who was supposed to move in to take a hike. Apparently he didn’t want to share his space.
Trying like hell to stay patient and failing miserably, Castiel pulled the truck over and slammed it into park. He twisted in his seat to face Dean. “Look, you are stressed constantly. You’re gone from seven a.m. to seven p.m. on a good day. Your hair is falling out—don’t think I haven’t noticed it in the drain. I’m worried about you. You
“And how fucking dare you come here and act like you didn’t lie to him about me!” Dean stands, too angry to sit still. “Makin’ him think I was gonna sleep with someone else? Makin’ him think he’s holdin’ me back? I don’t know what your problem is lately, but fuck you.”
“I didn’t tell you to get out of the car,” the young man says. “Please get back into your car, sir, and don’t approach my partner or the other suspect.”
Perhaps he pushed it too far. He didn’t mean for Dean to be cut off from his family’s businesses. That would break his heart. His palms begin to sweat. “No, I’m not saying to cut him off. I’m saying—”
“I need to take a break,” Castiel declared, head aching from stress and from hunger, since they hadn’t eaten lunch yet. He walked away before knowing if Dean even heard him.
” she says, and doesn’t he know it). She says she will, but she clearly has a cold, too, so Castiel tells her to rest up instead. His parents are in Arizona for the winter, so they’re out.
“It didn’t teach you not to go into dangerous situations, I see,” Dean can’t help but remark. He yelps when Cas pinches his thigh.
“Oh, well, thank you for clearing that up,” he snarked. “I didn’t exactly have the best viewpoint of it.”
Cas kneels on one knee before him and leans in to make his point. He’s missing his calling, pursuing a history degree instead of a law degree, because if he was a juror, Cas would definitely be winning him over. “They’re all self-absorbed, narcissistic bullies who think the world should bend down and kiss their asses. Well, guess what? I lived with that. So did you. And we know what works, Dean.” He drops his other knee, his body now hovering over Dean’s outstretched legs, hands on either side of Dean’s hips. “Standing up. Not pandering to their whims. Beating them at their own game.”
“Amara...she said this is what you needed. Me, I mean. So you could get your reward. I’m not certain what she meant.”
Dean frowns. Yeah, they’ve had to rearrange things sometimes, avoid certain activities, and if they do need to use a car, Dean drives. But who cares? Surely those are small things compared to what someone gets when they get to have Cas.
“Wait!” Dean exclaims, causing Cas to startle. “Sorry, just—I can bring you home. I don’t mind. I already know where you live.”
It would be easy to lose himself in it, easy to forget his role and pull Dean to the bedroom and kiss him and hold him and suck each other off, then cuddle together. But he’s forgotten his role too many times already. He can’t do it again. He pulls out, his cock scraping against Dean’s teeth, and tucks himself back in his pants, zipping them and buckling his belt.
He scolds himself both for not appreciating what Dean’s doing for what it is and for objectifying his friend, telling himself to stop letting his mind wander. He thinks about what interesting things happened today that he could tell Dean about and comes up with nothing because nothing of interest happened.
“Yeah. Every time I talk to him, it sounds like he’s about to explode cartoon-style onto the walls. I wish I could help more, but I have no idea what to do.”
“Sam! He said he wanted the video—the very first one—to show his kids’ grandparents, and I finally gave in, but he went and posted it on Facebook!”
Castiel gives him a final squeeze, then backs away. “You’re welcome.” Then, because he really does want Dean to know that he means it, he asks, “How’s your car? Baby? You seemed very attached to it.”
Like Thanksgiving, lunch is lively. Afterward, they have a hunt for all of the kids, Gabe and Kali’s teens included (Dean had his doubts, but Cas assured him they’d love it and he was right). When the kids have found all of the candy-filled eggs, Dean and Cas serve the multiple desserts that Dean insisted on (and Cas indulged him on).
“Thank you. I think so. Zepp, down.” The dog, who was stomping all over him, calms immediately with the command and lays down.
Then he realizes that maybe he didn’t notice the absence of kissing and the roleplay review until now because he was so wrapped up in all the other great stuff that happened. Not the sex, as fun as it was, but the tearing down of a secret between them, the way they sat close together watching TV, the way they ignored the TV just to talk.
Cas nods but closes his eyes in frustration. He wanted the meds, asked for them, and now he doesn’t want to use them, thinking he won’t be “alert” enough “in case something happens,” despite Cas assuring him every time that one, the chances of anything happening are extremely small, two, if something happens, the anti-anxiety med won’t make him less alert, and three, even if he wasn’t alert, Cas would never leave him to perish. “Okay.”
The grapes were a decoration, there only to set the mood. But now, Cas is tracing Dean’s lips with them, begging entrance into his mouth. Dean would much rather have Cas’ tongue, though—as much as he loves being worshipped, sex is more fun (and way more comfortable for Dean) when both parties can partake in the hedonism. He sits up against the multiple pillows he placed on the bed.
When Beatrix unwittingly gave them a way to see each other beyond video chats, they were elated. They both thought it would be a fantastic way to scratch the itch of not being able to be close.
“No problem.” Fingers ruffle his hair, then he’s plunged into darkness again. After a minute, the door closes. A minute after that, the shower starts.
After putting his laundry away, he sets about dusting, vacuuming, and scrubbing, listening to Greta Van Fleet on Spotify to inject a little fun into the drudgery. Chores are always a lot more fun with Cas, but he doesn’t want him to have to come back to a mess after a long drive.
Dean scans the sidewalks for Cas as he gets closer to the motel. They figured Cas could park at the motel and walk to one of the streets nearby to wait. They didn’t specify which one, though, which makes sense if Dean is supposed to be trolling for a good time. But maybe Cas walks a few of these streets, like it’s his territory. And maybe Dean knows that and only comes to
Dean exhales heavily. He trusts Cas more than anyone, but talking about this stuff is always a little tough. He tries to lighten things by adding, “And the other flaw in my thinking was believing that being in a relationship equaled boredom. With you, I found out that vanilla could be pretty damn tasty when you had the right beans mixing together.” He wiggles his brows at Cas.
he might’ve been interested but my dumb ass thought he was just another asshole and went off on him.”
He doesn’t hear from Cas for a while, and he wonders if he pushed too far. More likely, he just got busy, but Dean still feels anxious until Cas’ text:
Castiel slumps against the metal food prep counter. “Fuck you,” he mutters, not liking the man’s sick sense of humor at his expense.
Dean, amazed by this awesome turn of events, stretches his hand to Cas’ and grabs it, if only to make sure he’s not dreaming. Cas squeezes his fingers. Not a dream.
Dean and his paramedic colleague shared enough similarities—green eyes, tons of freckles, sassy attitude—that he started calling her “Sis” and it stuck. They didn’t, however, share an obsession with animals. She was an animal nut. He, not so much.
“I know.” They found another person in the building, one they didn’t know about, just after Cas, and there were a few more buildings that had fallen during and after that snowstorm, buildings Cas said he went in to warn people before he got trapped himself. Cas saved several lives with his actions. “I get it. You love people. You want to take care of them.”
Castiel sighs out his residual anger and nervousness, understanding rushing in to take their place. He cards his fingers through Dean’s hair. “If we’d been together for three years already, how do you think this would’ve gone?”
After his encounter with Dean’s dad and whoever the other guy was, Castiel put on a happy face and went to the house. His fake happiness gradually became genuine, especially once Dean and Matthew came home. They got busy cooking and socializing with their guests, and between eating, laughing at Gabe and Sam’s antics, and cozying up to Dean, he almost forgot about Tweedledumb and Tweedledumber.
The faithful dog walks to Cas, who’s standing in the doorway of his bedroom. “Side,” Cas says, then praises him before saying, “Let’s go.” Zepp stays on his right as Cas shuffles toward Dean in stockinged feet. When they reach him, Zepp stops, and Cas lowers himself to the floor.
“I just wanted to say...I mean, I don’t know how things are going to go with your great uncle, but I wanted to tell you that I don’t want to stand in your way. If you need to be here—if you
It’s a beautiful vehicle, and even more so when compared to his car parked in front of it—the frumpy, awkward nerd next to the gorgeous, popular jock. He hates to admit it, but he’s jealous. “Black shows a lot of dirt,” he comments.
bouncing back and forth in his brain like a ping-pong ball. When he looks at the time again, it’s 5:30. “Fuck,” he mutters, scurrying toward the bathroom.
Matthew’s hair is damp, the skin around his nose is red and chapped no matter how much ointment Castiel globs onto it, and he’s pretty sure there’s another ripe diaper waiting for him. “Yeah, he really is beautiful,” Castiel smiles. “But when I first saw him, he had that sort of squished, fresh-from-the-womb look, all blotchy and spotty and scrunched up. But then Zeke, one of the firefighters you met, said something about his looks, and I got all defensive. He became very cute very quickly to me.”
“I tried to find you. I tried everything I could to get to you. And to know that you stayed away…” He trailed off, letting his tears slip from his eyes once again. What difference did being a tough guy make anymore? There was no one left to fight but himself, and this was his own mind, after all. “You comin’ back would’ve helped a lot, you know.”
When Dean nods, Cas pushes his Henley up and over his head, then pulls him into a lusty kiss. The zipper of Cas’ sweatshirt scrapes against Dean’s chest, but Dean doesn’t notice the pain of the zipper as much as he notices that he can’t feel Cas’ skin against his. That has to change.
Dean lets go of the wad of bills he just took from his wallet. They’re crumpled from the vise grip he had on them. He smooths them out on the table, then tucks them in his shirt pocket. The furrow between his brows doesn’t smooth out quite so quickly or easily.
His father chuckles and ruffles his hair, then disappears into their bedroom. A moment later, he’s back, cardinal in hand.
A puzzled look crossed Cas’ face that made Dean truly laugh for the first time since he’d arrived in heaven. He kissed it off him, then promised him that yes, he’d find someone to talk to. “So, will you? Come with me? Stay with me? Work on that happy ending with me?”
“Oh, no,” Harry says. “We heard from several of ya. Something big must’ve happened over the weekend, ’cause it seems everyone had something to say.”
“Well, see, this is more special, ‘cause eight is infinity.” He draws a figure eight in the air, on its side, like the infinity symbol. “And I wanna be with you infinitely.”
It’s the last day of school, and though they’ve been virtual all year, the school is allowing all vaccinated staff who want to say goodbye to their students in person to do so.
Castiel thought he’d reached peak mortification, but now Dean wants to go in his tiny, messy, sick-musty room. “Uh, it’s right there. He’s in with me. Just a one-bedroom place. Uh, excuse the appearance. We’ve both been sick, and busy, and it’s small and I haven’t had time—”
“No. Only since Thanksgiving night, when you told everyone your username. I put the pieces together and…” Cas shrugs, anxiously meeting Dean’s eyes. “Like I said in the story, I just wanted to make my love confession memorable to you.”
If he believed that the beast had feelings, he’d say that The Devil looked chastised and even a bit regretful.
Neither of them can pinpoint just what it is. Cas tells Dean it’s probably their shared trauma about the whole being stopped by the cops thing and their solidarity after the fallout of that (game night with the guys the following night was nothing but razzing and questions that neither of them would answer, because
Sometimes Cas thought that maybe Dean reciprocated...by the way he looked at him, by how easily he showed physical affection, by how he called him sweetheart, by his lack of dating, by the way he shared things with him that he shared with no one else. But...
“Well, ultimately, sure, but this is really important, so I want your honest, most thorough opinion on it.”
“I’ll see what the wait is,” Castiel said. He’d called The Mountain Room just a half-hour ago and they’d said it would only be about ten to fifteen minutes, but he didn’t think that was the case anymore.
“But I know you had some inkling that those guys liked you,” Ana Jo points out. “It’s just that you get so insecure about yourself sometimes, hon.”
Just when he thinks he can’t take the torture any more, the music ends. Cas smiles as he licks his bottom lip. “So. You hungry?”
Cas isn’t sure what Dean was going to say, but the air is suddenly suffocating. He starts tapping on his leg with his fingers, trying to figure out how to break the chokehold, when Dean speaks up.
, a reality show about a bunch of ridiculously attractive people who are, apparently, stuck together at some monstrous mansion with its own pool and beach. He rolls his eyes. Dean had seemed so reluctant to watch this. Was he just cringing in the way many do when they see or hear themselves? Was it modesty? Or fake modesty? Or was there something deeper?
Sam sighs and folds his hands around his coffee mug. “You didn’t hear it from me, okay? But you’re asking and I don’t think he’ll ever give you a straight answer, so I’m going to. Dean...he’s wanted to adopt those kids for a long, long time. But because of the shit you went through with Zoe and what’s-his-face, he wouldn’t ask because he didn’t want you to feel trapped, or manipulated, or like he’s being a control freak or something.”
Frankly, though, he’s not sure he’ll last that long—he may not be able to afford daycare, or fixing the building, or
It wasn’t a surprise. Rescuers were moving in and out of the rehab sector to avoid hypothermia from the biting wind. Cas didn’t have that luxury. Though he was sheltered by the building debris and had warm clothes on, neither were insulating enough for him to be completely kept from exposure.
“Well, perhaps it is,” Cas responds, licking his lips. “But I need to know if you can walk the walk, not just talk the talk.”
“Yeah. I was gonna start with Jody right away and do this sometime after Christmas or maybe in the spring, whenever I had enough vacation time built up, but Jody said she wasn’t in a hurry and both she and your folks suggested I take a week off before starting a new thing, so here we are.”
“Don’t start talking about lawyers, Mr. Everyone-In-My-Family-Is-A-Lawyer. That freaks people out. We want to keep this place. We don’t need them finding a reason to kick us to the curb.”
Sam arches a brow at him. Dean swats him. They bat at each other until Cas calls Zepp over and effectively distracts Sam, who can’t get enough of the pup.
He nods his gratitude as he takes the box and scurries to the bathroom, where he uses at least five tissues in a row. He washes his hands. Then, seeing the box of daytime cold medicine Dean brought over, he pops two into his mouth and washes them down with water he drinks directly from the tap.
Dean warms at the comment. “I wouldn’t think that, not about you. So, what would you say I look like?”
When he gets to the bottom of the stairs, Cas is waiting in a dark corner. “Hi,” Cas whispers as he pulls Dean toward him and crushes their mouths together.
Vaughn spins and storms from the room, once again, punctuating his departure with a slam of his bedroom door. The friends flick their eyes toward each other, covering their mouths to stifle their laughter.
It should have gone like this: He confesses. Cas immediately drops out of character and into his arms, making his own love confession. They kiss. They go to his bed to make sweet love. They hold each other all night, and in the morning he makes him waffles, and then they spend the entire day and every day after being a real couple, all the good and the bad, the vanilla and the Heavenly Hash. Cas loves him. Why did he walk out?
As the games escalate, will Dean be able to cope with the feelings that just won’t go away? And will Cas stick with his vow, or will he feelings force him to find another option?
“That was pretty masterful, homie,” Dean says, slicing through his thoughts. “He fuckin’ squirmed, dude.”
any people, so have them call me. Here at Lupine Cove Market. Where I’ll be seven days a week because I don’t have enough help and now I can’t afford any. While this child in my arms is being cared for by other people that I’ll have to pay because I can’t have him here with me with all the construction shit that’ll be happening.
Dean texted him earlier, telling him he’ll be at The Avenue. Neither of them have been there, which is what they wanted. After killing another hour at home, he takes an Uber to the bar.
“He’s certainly not a stray, just a sneak. He used to be, though. I found him in an abandoned building as a kitten. I had to nurse him back to health.”
“Yeah.” Dean twists his mouth thoughtfully. Cas traces the movement with his eyes; he just stops himself from following that up with his fingertip.
Castiel does his best to keep his face neutral. “We’d have to talk about that. You haven’t seen them in a long, long time, and you’re still using. I told you before that I can’t let them be expos—”
The answer to that is easy. He purrs with a nip to Cas’ lip, “I want your scent to soak my bedsheets and my home.”
Castiel bolts upright, pulling out the toilet tissue from his nostrils. “What are you doing here?” he asks his
Dean groans into Cas’ mouth. He’s missed this. His hands slip under Cas’ shirt, searching for Cas’ nipples and that little barbell with the iridescent balls on either end. When he finds it, he flicks it in that way Cas loves. Cas moans and thrusts his hips forward, sending a delicious wave of pleasure through Dean...until he steps back.
It had been so long since he’d heard him whistle, but it’s something he used to do all the time. “What are you doing?” he asked rather than
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, I know. That was Sam. Been ages since I talked to him. We were makin’ plans to get together.”
Castiel shimmies his socks onto his feet in a huff, trying not to feel hurt (or at least not to sound like he is). “I don’t need the bed and breakfast treatment, but thank you.”
that it doesn’t surprise me. So when Castiel decided he didn’t want me here, Dean went along with whatever he said because he likes to please people.”
Cas shifts his eyes once more. “He said I was holding you back. That I’ve always held you back. And he said you wanted to be free, but that you didn’t want to tell me.”
“Nope. Already exposed, so it doesn't matter now. ’Sides, I don’t have my tonsils, and my swab came back clean anyway, so there. The beds are staying together, and I’m gonna sleep next to you and keep you warm.”
Dean stands. “I’ll try,” he repeats, wishing he really could pay the dragon back for his mercy. He spots the blossom in his belt. Good luck, indeed. He removes it and places it on top of the barrel of gold that the dragon offered him. “For you. I’m sorry I don’t have more.”
Castiel snorts. “I was cleaning before you came over, and if you hadn’t offered dinner that’s probably what I would’ve done with my entire night. I’m not exactly a reliable decider of my own fun.” As Dean laughs, Castiel’s confidence wanes. Maybe—most definitely—Dean has better things to do. Fun things to do with fun people.
On the dance floor, they barely engage in actual dancing—Dean holds him too tight, kisses him too deep, grinds into him too hard.
They listen for about an hour, then Dean switches to music. Cas smiles when he recognizes his own playlist from their shared Spotify plan.
Over the next few days, Cas gives him sideways glances and touches him any time Vaughn is around—innocent stuff, a shoulder bump here or a brush to the back there, just enough to plant a question in his mind. He tells him he looks nice in his outfit. He says he’ll wait up for him so they can talk “because I always value our talks, Dean.” Dean relishes all of it. It’s not even that different than how they interact normally, but there’s a heat in his eyes and a gentle hesitance in his touch that makes him both marvel at Cas’ acting skills and long for this to be real.
Cas does often tell Dean that he drives him crazy, usually when Dean is, well, driving him crazy. But is this Dean laughing about it, or Dan? Does Cal tell Dan the same thing? What does he do with this?
“I suggested they find us another apartment at this or one of their other properties,” Cas answers Dean’s silent question, “or, barring that, they allowed us to use the model apartment until the semester ends.”
Looking up from where he’s “deciding on what candy to buy” (and straightening out the candy display in the process), he says, “What? I can’t understand you. You’re too congested.”
When he’s clean, Castiel washes up, then heads back into the store. As he approaches the front, he spies Anna strolling in, her red hair in a ponytail sticking out of the top of a knitted hat that’s specifically designed for it.
“I’m not working right now,” Dean grins. He turns to Castiel. “Sure you don’t want some of those extras? I mean, central air, come on. That’s a necessity.”
Everyone laughs at Sam’s translation, and no one else brings up the fact that Dean just essentially said he’s staying, so Castiel figures he’s either misinterpreting or it won’t be long enough to really matter.
“Dude, I went there because it was about to get ugly and I didn’t wanna drop the dirty dynamite in your bathroom, for fuck’s sake!”
“I—” Garth starts, then tumbles into a coughing fit. “Yeah,” he gasps. Thea, next to him, pats his back in friendly concern as he catches his breath. He sips his beer and waves a hand to let everyone know he’s okay.
Castiel huffed, amused and fond, as Dean began telling him anecdotes about the living situation of people in the nineteenth century. History had been his minor, and he was the nerdiest history nerd Castiel had ever met, and that included himself. Gradually, he heard the tension in Dean’s voice dissipate, the old warmth and ease that Castiel loved returning. It angered Castiel that Dean was losing so much of himself at Sandover, but he’d tried to discuss it with Dean before, with poor results and no changes, so Castiel didn’t bother to bring it up again. Instead, he listened and joked and reminisced with him until the corporate mask Dean wore fell away completely, leaving only his kind, funny, loving best friend. Castiel fell asleep long after Dean, his wakeful hours spent roving over his serene features in the moonlight filtering through the window and thinking of a better tomorrow.
. Why can’t you be more like Sam? Or like Vaughn here? Maybe you’re looking up to the wrong roommate.”
Castiel picks up his phone from the nightstand; he sees the Messenger icon with its red notification glaring at him. He'd ignored it earlier, too overwhelmed with the Instagram traffic and making dinner. He opens the app and cringes as he sees various emojis, exclamation points, and all-caps directed his way.
Claire confuses him sometimes, so he ignores her comment. “Can we just make Daddio a sign or something? I’m bored.”
“Cool.” Dean tucks his free hand in his pocket and takes a sip of the beer he’s been holding but hasn’t needed. An important thought pops into his head then, so he points to Lee and adds, “One thing, though. If we’re gonna do this, you can’t treat Cas like shit. That won’t fucking fly with me. You don’t have to like him, but that shit you pulled...no. That was the wrong thing to do, no matter how you were feeling or how ‘concerned’ you were or whatever shit. Cas, man, he’s patient and he’ll put up with a lot for my sake, always has, but he shouldn’t have to. You need to treat him with respect or we’re done. I mean it.”
Castiel tsks as he runs a hand through Dean’s hair, then rests it on his shoulder. “I’m already crazy about you, you know. I'm not going to laugh—well, I did, but I wasn’t laughing at you or your condition, I was laughing at the lengths you went to that were completely unnecessary—and I’m not going to turn you away for being human.”
Dean finally dares to look at Cas. Cas is chewing on his bottom lip and twisting his mouth this way and that. He’s still holding his hand, though, so he hopes that means Cas will forgive him and that he’ll come up with something brilliant like he always does to save them, to save the plan.
“It’s interesting that it means ‘three milks’ but you actually use four in it if you count the heavy cream for the topping,” Jack notes. “I always thought that was weird.”
“Get with the program, Dean,” he scoffs. “If it hasn’t worked by now, it ain’t gonna, so give it up.”
“I could use a few more hours, honestly.” Jack bites his lip and wrings his hands. “I’m free now, and I could work until close?”
“It’s like a double assault!” Charlie jumps and spins in place. “Oh, oh, you have to! This would be brilliant!”
That roleplay had been utterly embarrassing to do. He felt completely out of his element (and, honestly, like he wanted to throw up from nerves). But when they talked about it after making love, Dean assured him that he “rocked it,” that it was “fuckin’ hot” and he “definitely” wanted to do it again. When Cas whined that it wasn’t really
“Tomorrow. Well, today. Afraid I’m gonna make a fool of myself at the board meeting.” It turned out that not only did Dean’s great uncle want to meet with him, but he also wanted to have a special, combined board meeting for Winchester Liquors and Winchester Resorts.
“RedQueen,” he hears Charlie say, and it snaps him out of his thoughts. He knows that name. That person comments on his fics, often with keysmash and lots of heart-eye emojis.
“Well, what else can we do? Can’t fuck in front of him.” Though if he had the chance to fuck Cas, Dean thinks, he’d fuck him anywhere in front of anyone.
Dean clears his throat and pulls his hand back, and of course it’s sweaty and gross. “Well, uh, thanks again. Have a good day. Hope you have one of these”—he gestures to the box with the coffee and the doughnut that he’s holding—“for you, too. You’re probably gonna get a lot thrown at you at the clinic today—we had a bunch of cardiac patients in the ER last night.”
Cas doesn’t like being the star of public videos, but he’s more than okay with being the star of their private ones.
“I would have to ask for help, though, if we wanted to get this done before snow blankets the earth and makes it impossible.”
At that, the dog, who’s been laying faithfully by its person, perks up and licks the man’s face. His mouth quirks a tiny smile. “Baby,” he murmurs.
Cas side-eyes Dean as Vaughn shuffles over. He doesn’t look so good. Harry had told them that his living arrangement with Nathan hadn’t worked out and he ended up spending the rest of his semester commuting from his mother’s house. He also mentioned that he lost his job at the registrar’s office because they found out he accessed Dean’s records (thus how he got his dad’s info to contact him about the party) and had no job prospects after graduation. Last Harry knew, he was applying to work at Staples. Nothing wrong with that, but certainly not the grand after-college plans he’d bragged about.
“Good,” he chuckles. He gently moves the hand Dean was using to dry his face. “It’s okay to be imperfect with me. It’s okay to embarrass yourself in front of me. God knows I’ve done it way too many times in front of you.”
“I...huh. Well. Guess it’s all hypothetical anyway.” Cas cringes as he realizes how that sounds. “So, uh, date, yes. That’s what we were talking about before we went down the rabbit hole.”
Ellen calls them on it after Cas gives Dean his gifts: a book about the science of cooking and a “100 Things To Do” scratch-off poster, featuring mild things like
Crowley shrugs. “Better to have them angry with me than you. They’re your family. That’s...sort of important, I suppose.”
Cas laughs loudly, startling the party in the living room if their sudden silence is any indication. “Actually, I think it’s perfect for us.”
made Cas smile. It’s hard to do, especially when he’s in a snit. If they were dating, he’d probably have nuzzled his neck to get the same result.
Dean opens his eyes. Cas is on his feet at the end of the bed, bowing his head as his cock tents his toga. It looks like he’s about to leave.
“You must be very excited to leave today,” Steven addresses the newlyweds when the antics between the brothers have died down.
“I wanna hear about that,” Dean chuckles. “Roleplay. Yeah, that would be fun. If you could actually get into it. Gotta be committed to make that shit work.”
“He’s early,” Cas notes. “Weird. He’s usually late coming back from these things.” They thought he was going to be at his Young Republicans meeting until at least 8:30.
When Cas smiles softly at him, Dean smiles back in kind, glad that his grouchiness is about their living situation and not about him specifically. “What the fuck crawled up his ass and died, though, right?”
during sex, pfft). As they explored each other, they talked about how they each fell in love and how scared they were that they’d ruin things by telling each other (and how often is
“And yet would you be feeling kinda mad about it at the same time ‘cause he’s doing it in the most romantic city in the world with some guy you don’t know instead of coming home to you—”
“Nah, not too bad,” Jesse answered, pawing through the pastry box and emerging with a bear claw. “Damn snow didn’t make it easier, though.”
Dean spends all of the time it takes for Sam to wash, dry, and put away the dishes writing his note (Sam thinks that was likely to get out of helping). When it’s finished, Dean lets him take a look. It’s good. Nothing earth-shattering, nothing deep, but good. Sam tells him so, and he sees his brother relax. That idiotic smile comes back—muted, but there.
Dean is gratified that Cas is slowly sloughing off his stress—and Dean also feels lighter, more settled than he has since Cas left for his vacation.
At one time, Castiel would’ve agreed without question. “Maybe. Or maybe just desperate to control something in your life and give yourself something just for you, not for anyone else.”
“The point is, he’s an adult, with a family and an MBA, and he just wants to do a good job in everything he does. He knows how important the family businesses are. He knows how important family is. They don’t have to be separate things, one or the other. I have a family business, too, and Dean and I have been working it quite nicely together while we fashion our family for ourselves.”
When Cas comes to the table, fresh-scrubbed and smiling, it’s all Dean can do not to drop to one knee then and there. “You look really good, babe.”
Dean leaves. Sam thinks about stopping his brother and telling him this huge thing he just realized, but he doesn’t because he knows Dean won’t be able to hear it right now. One of these days, when he’s been here for a while, when he’s no longer afraid that this house and Cas’ love will slip through his fingers, he’ll tell him then. In the meantime, he’ll try to be supportive and show him gratitude when he can.
Cas whines but drops his back to the mattress, curling his toes into the sheets. Dean smiles at his submission and doesn’t draw things out. The poor man is exhausted and hasn’t gotten to come in three days, and they have a long day ahead. Plus it’s their honeymoon, damn it. Dean cups his asscheeks in his hands and digs his fingers in, then deep-throats him as far as he can. It takes no time for Cas to pulse down his throat, shouting incoherently. When he’s finished, Dean takes himself in hand and jerks himself off onto Cas’ chest, Cas watching him with affectionate, hazy eyes.
Bess looks away for a moment at her husband. “I think it’s pretty great,” she says, turning back to Cas. “Being with the same person doesn’t have to be boring, as I think we revealed tonight.” She giggles, then continues in a more serious tone, “There’s a comfort in being with the same person, a depth to the sex that you don’t get with a stranger, or at least I never did. They just know you so well that you can be yourself. It’s honest. They know just what you like, too, which is a
“So, where do you guys read this stuff? And who writes it? Can anyone write one, or do you have to be part of some...club, or something?” Sam interjects, his mind seemingly finished with his data computations and coming back online and into their conversation. Cas is relieved they don’t have to spend more time describing Ryder and Killian’s hot yet heartfelt sex.
Dean snorts. The phrase is something they say when one of them is being extra ridiculous. Cas doesn’t believe him, clearly, but Dean remains undeterred.
“I’m sorry I acted like that and upset you. That was the last thing I wanted, ’cause I’m really into you, too. Like really, really into you. And not for sex, okay? For
Cas, dressed in his knock-off Birks, khaki pants, a white t-shirt, and bright coral and navy striped suspenders (friggin’ hot-ass dork—Dean is gonna
“There was a woman there, a mom. She looked terrified to hold her child. I don’t know what her trauma was, but there was something there that reminded me of myself. It was...unsettling. I think about where I was a few years ago, who I was, and it scares the hell out of me to think I could’ve stayed there.”
To Dean’s surprise, Drago leans in and scoops him up. He’s scared, but only for a moment and only because he’s so high up, even higher than usual, which frightens him every time as it is. Fear gives way to comfort as Drago holds him close to his chest. From here, Dean can see the shimmer of his scales up close, these particular scales ones he’s never been close to before. He touches them, his hand placed over where he assumes the dragon’s heart is. Drago cradles him gently, gentler than he would’ve expected such a creature to be capable of. Joy and warmth fill Dean. He’s grown fond of Drago, his friend understanding him in ways others haven’t despite his limited capacity for communication. It’s strange, but the dragon is more human than many humans he’s encountered.
Today is Friday, and Castiel is exhausted. He was up a good deal of the night tending to Matthew, who was congested and couldn’t get comfortable. These are the days he wishes he’d developed a taste for coffee. His partner in his only relationship that lasted more than a couple of months loved coffee, drank it like others drink water. Zee tried to get him to drink it, made it for him all sorts of ways, but it was always bitter and burnt. (“It’s perfect Parisian coffee!” Zee told him. Having never been to Paris, Castiel wouldn’t know. He did know it was awful.)
“Hands on the headboard, baby,” he says, pretending he slipped up with his own endearment to ease Dean’s nerves.
“I’ll be right back, and then you can tell me your side of things.” He walks away and gets in the unmarked car a few yards behind him.
“I shit you not. We had an actual Christmas tree. In July. It had flip flops and sunglasses on it and everything. And at midnight, after the Julymas celebration was over and it was officially August, me and Cas and my brother hauled that fucking thing outside, and it was gone the next day. I bought Cas dinner and a shitload of air freshener.”
“When I created the shock collars, I basically created the Convicted Laborer Program,” Chuck said.  “Now I’m going to take it down.”
“Oh, come on!” Dean yelled, pounding a fist.  “I had to try, right?  What would you have done in my position?”
“Second, I’m more of a lover than a fighter,” the archangel continued.  “If I went up against my big bros, well, they’d wipe the floor with me.  That’s why I’ve been fighting with my wits instead of my blade.”
Castiel looked down at himself.  “It’s a dress shirt under a suit jacket that will go under my trench coat.”
Dean did not understand this guy.  He carefully spread the salt, making sure to get even coverage.  “Something on your mind, Master Gabriel?”
The same stuffy-looking man from before arrived to notarize the documents.  Dean felt like throwing up.  He looked over Sammy’s adoption papers, knowing that this would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to challenge in court.  But he’d had a long talk with Sammy last night.  They’d grieved together, mourned for their father.  When Dean brought up the subject of adoption, he’d expected Sam to protest, or at least have reservations.  But to his surprise, Sammy was all for it.
With great reluctance, she agreed to discharge him, on the condition Castiel agreed to go with them.
“You know, I was never really into public sex,” Roman said.  “Never saw the appeal.  But now, I think I kind of get it.  Having him watch us is going to make this twice as hot.”
Naomi made a face.  “I suppose Roman’s tired of all the busty girls.  I know I am.  Well, at least this meeting has one good thing going for it now.”
I saw him take a deep breath and braced for impact.  “Steal Angel Gabriel.  I was supposed to get close to him, get him out into a set location so we could kidnap him, take him back to Purgatory.”
“Still a good idea.”  Lucifer smiled at him.  Then he slipped his arms under Castiel and lifted him up, cradling Castiel against his chest.  “Don’t you worry, brother,” he assured.  “I’m going to take you back to my section with me.  I’ll keep you safe until Winchester gets back.”
Nothing like getting permission.  Dean drew back, prepared to unleash years of pain on the man responsible for so much of it.  But then he saw Castiel, standing off to the side, watching with wide, sad blue eyes.  His mind flashed back to that day, the last day he’d seen Immanuel Shirley.  Lashing out then had only made things worse.  Would it be any better this time?
“Shhh, it’s ok, don’t get upset!  Go help Dean.  You do whatever you have to do, right?”  Michael looked at Raphael.
“You’re just too backwards to get with the times, you old fool,” Rufus argued, scowling at Bobby.  “We’re living in the age of cell phone cameras, so learn to utilize ‘em.”
“Alright,” dad said quietly.  “New rule, stop hovering over Samandriel and let him do his job.  What else?”
“Maybe I am.”  Castiel got a couple of plates and placed them on the counter, ready for finished pancakes.  He put milk, maple syrup, and butter on the table along with a couple knives and forks.  By the time he’d finished this task, the pancakes were ready.
Angel seemed to consider the question.  “I’m not sure.  This has never happened to me before.  I don’t feel as drained as I did last night, so I suppose that’s better.”
“You tell me,” Gabe said with a shrug.  “I’ll keep digging.  I was able to find a bit of activity on his accounts, money going to a new lawyer. Seems like he might be gearing up for a new lawsuit for some reason, but against who and for what is anyone’s guess at this point.”
Alarmed, Dean sat up, staring at Angel.  The angel was still slumped in the chair, but now his chin was resting on his chest.  His eyes were closed, chest rising and falling with snores.  He was asleep!  Angels didn’t sleep.  What was going on?
“Oh, Dean.”  The face broke into a gentle smile.  “My Grace reacts to your brother’s soul.  Don’t think for one minute that I will let my asshole brother keep what is rightfully mine!”
He blinked in astonishment.  Then he grabbed both of Winchester’s kicking feet and dragged him back out.  “What is wrong with you?” he asked as Winchester cursed and tried to kick him in the face.  “Don’t you know who I am?”
Castiel cringed.  “A, um, romantic relationship?  He, um, believed that the two of us, well, that we’d been, um...”
Sam was in no mood for this right now.  “You know what?  Why don’t you make yourself useful and get your imaginary ass out there, help us sneak out through this smoke?”
The angel elected not to dignify that with a response.  Instead, he straightened his trench coat, looking with irritation at the scorched marks.  “I’m waiting for the rest of your plan.”
The dazed laborer moaned again, reaching up a hand to touch his face.  “Dean!  Don’t move.  Let me see.” Producing a kleenex, Castiel mopped blood off of Dean’s face.  To his relief, it was only a scalp laceration.  “It’s not bad,” he soothed.  “Here, hold pressure on it.  I’ll call for help.”
“Right now, I don’t know who to trust,” Dean sighed.  “I’ve been here for almost three weeks.  By now, Sammy should have recovered physically.  Demon Blood causes nightmares and hallucinations that can last for a month or longer.  Last time, he was seeing the Devil himself chasing him around.”
For a moment Dean balled up his fists.  But he relaxed them with a sigh.  “Not worth it.  You’re as finished as I am.”
“That thing got itself in there, it can get itself out,” Lenny announced. “I’m not riding on an ATV with your damned sex bot, Dean!”
“Who else?”  Seeing that we were getting near the perimeter, I quickened my pace, moving up beside Gabe and crowding him to move him over.  He smiled, crowded Cas, and we all turned, moving down a different street.
“He’s already done it,” the Devil called from his corner.  “He’s bending your brother over his big fancy mahogany desk and...”
Loud bangs, the shatter of glass.  Something warm sprayed Dean’s face.  Men shouted.  Heavy bodies fell to the floor.
The Hunters reveal their plan.  Samandriel and Gabriel make a desperate play to try to save themselves and their brothers.  Castiel makes a decision.
Castiel did not stop squirming, but it did him no good.  Winchester got a better grip around his middle and dragged him into the bathroom.  “Ok!” the infuriating bodyguard announced.  “I’m going to do what I was just told and get you some towels and wash cloths and clean clothes.  You got fifteen minutes to clean yourself up.  Or I’m throwing you in the tub and scrubbing you.”
“ENOUGH!”  Bobby would have made a fantastic drill sergeant.  His roar froze Dean just as he was about to start swinging.  “We are not going to make this a self-fulfilling prophesy.  Right now, more than ever, we need to stand together.  Because I, for one, cannot fathom what the hell Dick Roman gets from letting this get out.  Unless, of course, it’s specifically to make us tear ourselves apart?”
Cass lowered his rifle and picked up the pistol in one swift movement.  The pistol fired, bullet shattering the glass and hitting the man behind it.  A second bullet followed the same trajectory, widening the hole in the man’s face.  The man made a horrible gurgling sound before falling back out of sight.  But Cass stayed where he was, and a moment later, the pistol jerked in his hand again as a second man appeared.  Two shots, another body falling to the ground.
Dean closed his eyes tightly and nodded.  “It was awful,” he said softly.  “It was Cass, but it wasn’t Cass, you know?”
“Slim to none is still a chance,” Bobby pointed out.  “Besides, there was a hell of a lot more that could have gone wrong.”  He began to count off on his fingers.  “We had that tracker hidden in the sole of Dean’s shoe, but the shoes didn’t even fit him right.  The tracker could have malfunctioned, or the Trickster might have had some way to block it.  Even with it working perfectly, there was a chance that the Trickster might have taken Dean someplace we couldn’t easily follow, like the bottom of the ocean or the moon or even just into some deep jungle on the other side of the world!”
Castiel relaxed a little.  Everyone had seen a smartwatch design, and thought nothing about its real purpose.  Project Samandriel was still a secret, for now.
“It was perfectly within her legal rights,” Jeff insisted.  “When you were labeled killed in action, she automatically took possession of all your joint assets.”
“Relax, candidate,” Bartholomew called.  “We’ve provided you with your favorite food and beverages.  Eat, drink, and rejoice!  Very soon now, your moment will come.”
Roman was already on the line with the tactical team leader.  “Report!  What’s the status on Novak?”
Michael’s eyes blazed with Grace.  Still grinning, Lucifer’s eyes blazed as well.  Their golden archangel blades dropped into their waiting hands.  Alarmed, the reporters ran for cover, all but trampling each other in an effort to get out of the way.  Apparently, they hadn’t expected the two archangels to start their final battle right in front of them.  But Michael and Lucifer cared nothing for human lives.
“Dean Winchester, you have managed to avoid the forces of both Heaven and Hell for how long now?” Cass pointed out.  “At this point, I don’t know that there’s a lock that can keep you in.  You constantly fight to be free.  It’s precisely what started all of this in the first place!  And as much as that draws me to you, it’s also the reason I don’t dare let you out of my sight.”
Dean shook his head.  “I wasn’t there when he was taken, or when he did his arm.  I met him later.  But I’ve been with him for a bit now.”
He was in luck.  There was a car behind them with a man and woman in it.  Their eyes went wide at the sight of him.  Dean waved his bound wrists in their direction as best as he could.  “Help me!  Call the police!”
“Safe.”  Dean suddenly felt every ache, twinge, and throb of his many injuries.  It could have been worse.  So much worse.  But it was ok now.  His angel had come for him after all.
“I told her about it on the way back to the cabin.  And she’s already informed me that she fully intends to take legal action to break your guardianship, especially of Samandriel.  She looked me right in the eye and said she’ll see you rot in hell before you gain control of her son, Sammy.  But Alfie already signed a paper revoking both of our parental rights over him in favor of you, and this morning he signed the amendment adding Dean. I told her late last night.”
And now Dean smiled.  “Actually, you were on top, Cas.  You initiated the whole thing!  I won’t lie and say I didn’t encourage you, but I was still surprised as hell!  You slammed me down on that bed, tore my clothes off so fast you ripped my shirt, and your mouth...!”
Now Cass looked confused.  He did not look adorably confused.  There was nothing adorable about this man.  Why was Dean even feeling like this?  More and more, Dean had caught himself thinking fondly about Cass.  On multiple occasions, he’d even caught himself watching his contract owner, noticing his blue eyes, the strong lines of his body, how his voice sounded, or the way his hair always seemed a mess no matter what he happened to be doing.  Every time, he would immediately hear an inner voice scream in his head, calling him a freak or worse.  It was enough to drive all such thoughts immediately out of his head.  And yet, again and again, they came back.
Bobby didn’t respond to this.  “I’ll tell you what concerns me,” he said instead.  “It’s a small world, as that annoying song says, but not this small.  This guy that’s got your brother just happens to be connected to the same guy that Castiel got traded for?  That’s just too much of a coincidence.”
His eyes went to the flashing white light.  He shivered.  Right now, Michael would be in a terrible state.  Overload was difficult, painful, and traumatic.  Naturally, he was very worried about Michael.  He hoped everything would be alright.  Everyone knew their roles, of course.  Overload didn’t happen often, but the Angeli Quinque staff held regular drills.  They knew what they were doing.  Besides, there was nothing Castiel could do to help.  His primary role when Michael overloaded was to stay in his section.  Alright.  He could do that.
Dean was freshly showered and wearing clothes so new he’d had to take the tags out of them.  All of his injuries had been examined by an efficient doctor with freezing cold hands and a brisk, professional yet impersonal bedside manner.  Now he had three stitches in his cheek, a myriad of dressings on his battered body, and his pain dulled with ibuprofen.  Through it all, Ketch had barely left his side.  While Dean was sitting in his underwear being doctored, Ketch had changed out of his tactical black and into a fancy suit.  But beyond that, he’d stuck to Dean like his new best friend, even standing guard outside the bathroom while Dean washed up and did his business.  He was still here now, standing at attention by the door, hands clasped behind his back, silently watching Dean as the teen ate.  He reminded Dean of the soldiers outside Buckingham Palace.
“Ok, first, there’s something I have got to tell you, something I never really said before.”  I saw him swallow hard.  “I love you, little brother.  I always did.”
“I’m far more likely to get stung on my hands, but of course I’ll be wearing gloves with a beekeeper suit.  It would be foolish to...”  He paused, hearing Dean’s laughter ring out in the darkness.  Cass smiled.  “I love the way you laugh.  Even at my expense, I’m going to remember the sound of it.”
Castiel strained to keep his expression neutral as the CEO approached Dean.  Dean was visibly tense.  Still, he didn’t resist when the CEO caught his chin and forced his face up.  The green eyes met those above him briefly before quickly shifting away.  “My, my,” the CEO admired.  “You said his name was Sam?”
“And what, exactly, are you doing?” Dean wanted to know.  “What do you want with me that’s so important it’s worth risking the wrath of Bobby’s shotgun?”
Of course, the Doc laughed.  He countered with a much lower figure.  Son of a bitch was really going to buy me!  I tested the chains.  I was held fast.  I could raise or lower my arms a bit, which in turn tightened or loosened the chains around me, holding me to the table.  I could squirm around, twist a bit to one side or another and raise my head. That was pretty much it.  I was caught unless I could convince the Doc to unlock my chains.  “Come on, Doc, this is crazy!  I’m not a robot!  Let me go!”
Cass sighed.  “Do you think that no one ever came into my cell while I was held prisoner?  That they didn’t try more than one method to break me?  Look at me.  Do you believe that any of it was my fault?”
“It means that your bedroom is right next to his, through a connecting door,” Gabriel pointed out.  “At any time, you can knock on that door, go in, sit down and have a proper conversation with him.  Have you ever considered that?  Actually sitting down and having a conversation with the man?  Just talking, like two human beings?”
That hit hard.  The thought of his laughing, joking little brother screaming in pain was enough to turn Castiel’s stomach.  “You and I are trapped here electronically,” Castiel said.  His mind was racing.  “There’s not much we can do.  But as long as the bodyguards don’t stop them, my family can still come and go, correct?”
“How the hell do you think?  He’s curled up in a corner back in the hotel room, rocking and mumbling to himself, and I can’t get him to snap out of it.”  Rufus’s voice softened slightly.  “He’s been a wreck damned near since we left, but now?  Bobby, he’s not getting better.  If anything, the stress of all this is making him worse.”
The light illuminated a square room.  A man stood at the center of the room.  The man was smiling at Dean, a smile that was anything but friendly.  Malice radiated from that smile.  The eyes fixed on Dean were those of a predator.  “Hello, Dean.  Nice of you to come back.  How about we get started?”
“I tried, Bobby,” Dean pleaded.  “I swear, I did!  Over and over I looked at my phone, even put in your number, but I couldn’t!  I just couldn’t tell you!”
“And who would believe that, now that I have proof he did it again?” Dick challenged.  “Now the entire Novak family is going to be implicated, tried as terrorist members of CLaIM.  The moment they turn up on the radar, they’ll be collared.  Can you imagine how much they’ll bring?  How much some of their former business rivals would pay to get the control bracelets to their collars?”
Fortunately, Alfie was quick.  He was yawning widely by the time he came to the crowded king-sized bed in the master bedroom.  His eyes closed the moment he climbed in and snuggled down with Cas.  I shook my head.  Raphael, Castiel, and Samandriel with their heads towards the headboard. Lucifer, Michael, and Gabriel with their heads towards the footboard.  How to cram six full-grown men into a single king-sized bed.  How any of them could sleep like this was a mystery, but I’d known from the start that none of them would sleep any other way.
Cass’s eyes closed.  His hands went up to gently grasp Dean’s arms.  “But what if this is a trap?” he whispered.
“Where you’ll immediately be surrounded by Roman Enterprises thugs!” Luc exclaimed.  “This is why I’m against this plan.”
Dean grimaced.  “Um, I didn’t mean you’re not,” he amended.  “I mean, you did what you had to do to survive.  Anyone would have.”
Castiel quickly finished washing.  He dried and put on the clothes Dean had set out for him. The clothes made him frown.  Jeans and a t-shirt?  Castiel barely remembered owning such things.  Mostly, Castiel wore his work uniforms.  Otherwise, he’d always worn tailored outfits, trousers and button shirts, or a suit when he had to do a presentation.  The last time he’d worn such casual clothing was, well, the last time Chuck had brought him and the other Angels out here, just before he’d gone.  Their last time together as a family.  The thought made him feel a twang of longing.  Odd.  He hadn’t thought about his father in months.  Oh well.
“Novak?  While we’re all very impressed with your stamina, having Sam in your office for two breaks in one day?  Do you think you could at least pretend to pay attention?”
Dean gave a hiss of pain.  His hands were clenched at his sides, not meeting anyone’s eyes.  But his face was flushed.  No doubt his eyes were full of anger.  Castiel’s heart pounded.
Seeing Cass waiting for them in his chair in the dining room was the only good thing about this whole mess.  Cass quickly got to his feet.  Dean dared to meet his eyes, saw the guilt there, and quickly looked down.  Shit.  Obviously, they were going to have to talk.  Dean wasn’t sure he had the strength to do what he had to do.
“Of course, I only glanced over your record,” Roman continued.  “From the looks of it, you barely put up a fight.  That doesn’t sound much like the bounty hunter who brought in all that human filth!  I would have expected a man of your caliber to have been dragged off kicking and screaming.  Instead, did you really stand in court and talk about your boobs?”
“Well, that cheeseburger did it,” Dean pointed out.  “You can take up, I don’t know, knitting, or beekeeping...”
There was the sound of a door opening and closing.  Then Dean’s voice was back.  “Cass?  Can you open your eyes for me?”
Lucifer Nicholas, on the other hand, was a maverick.  He ran largely on instinct and the seat of his pants, split-second decisions boosted by quick thinking.  The man had once held the same position Ketch currently held, but he’d gotten there more by luck than anything else.  Where Ketch preferred to do his job and get out, Nicholas was a glory hound.  He’d made sure Rooney knew everything he’d done, sought credit for all of it.  By doing so, he’d ingratiated himself to Rooney, but it had backfired.  When he’d arranged to trade Novak’s team for Rooney, Ketch had no doubt he’d expected to be greatly rewarded.  Ketch could only imagine the shock Nicholas had received when he’d been fired and banished to a life of obscurity instead.
Castiel had seen a good bit of himself in Dean.  It was the primary reason he’d decided to try to help the boy. But in this light, Dean wasn’t just attractive.  He was downright beautiful.  Castiel had never been interested in men before, but he couldn’t deny what he was seeing.
“Damn!”  Winchester gave a low whistle.  He looked around the room, seeming to notice his surroundings for the first time.  “Ok, I may have overdone it a little.  Doesn’t matter.  The answer is no.”
“I can cook, I just never have anything to cook with.”  Dean wiped at his face and hands with the napkin.  He collected Cass’s in his own, threw them both into the trash, and began to gather the dishes.  “You want me to do these?”
Castiel indicated the wireless jack in his plate. “We’re connected to machines all day long, sifting through data.  And you see how we are.  Everything’s about numbers, being productive, maxing out the jacks either in one go or two or more shorter bursts, just so long as we trip our indicators.  And that’s it, that’s our whole life!  Michael, for example, may be able to follow any custom, but there’s no meaning to any of them for him.  It’s all just cold, empty, sterile.”
“And so we’re letting them have me?!”  Castiel scowled.  “I still cannot believe you’re ordering me to meet with them!  After what they did...?!”
Calm descended.  Castiel blinked, looking around, seeing a dozen men lying on the floor dead, dying, or severely injured.  Outside was shouting, flashing lights and blaring alarms.  But Castiel’s world had narrowed to one man.  “Dean!”
“What’s with that, anyway?” Dean wanted to know.  “Why all the sudden is he so keen to come to Earth?”
“No, I don’t need it,” Luc agreed.  “I’ve got a good job, but I also made some sound financial decisions.  I’m certainly not rich, but I’ve got enough.”
“I’m just glad we voted to lock the Research and Development section,” Gabe declared.  “Luc, is it ready?”
But unfortunately, it did nothing to keep Cass from reaching over the seat to fiddle with whatever he could reach.
“Dean!”  Castiel quickly ran to him.  Gathering the disoriented laborer in his arms, Castiel kissed him.  “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry, but they caught you.”
“...But we’ve already established you don’t own me,” Dean pressed on, anger overriding his sense of self-preservation.  “So I’ll be the one who decides where I stay, not you!”
“All of it!”  Castiel waved his arm, ignoring the fact Gabriel couldn’t see it.  “If Dean figures out I know who he is, he’s going to figure out who we are.  He’ll tell someone, and then...?”
After that, it was better.  Dean shook hands with Lucifer, Lucifer actually thanking Dean for the part he’d played in protecting Castiel.  That seemed to do a lot towards calming the anxious bodyguard.
“Of course.  If you don’t mind, I’d like to get out of this coat and get ready for the boardroom.  To be honest?”  Cas shrugged.  “I’m not entirely sure why you called me here.”
“Oh, that’s interesting,” Nicholas noted.  “Why the hell would he fixate on Winchester?  Kid must be a good lay.”
“I...  Um, oh, yes! Baked potatoes, glazed carrots, and roast beef!  And I’m well hydrated too, Dean.”
Of course, it would also mean he’d no longer be where he’d told Charlie he was.  Dean could get lost in the system until he found a way to escape or contact his friends.
“Until he gets wise and snaps you in two.  Dean, you know dousing him with holy oil and setting him on fire hurts them.  It’s the first thing we know of that does!  Soon as that fucker turns his back...”
Dean swallowed hard and raised his hands.  “Alright,” he said quietly.  “Alright.  Whatever you want.”
Charlie had an odd look on her face when Dean turned around.  She forced a smile, grabbed Dean’s arm, and started pulling him towards the door.  Her fingers dug into Dean’s bicep.  “Ow,” Dean complained when the door was closed behind them.  “Charlie, what’s wrong?”
Cass looked away.  Dean took that as proof and continued.  “I hurt you, Cass.  I beat the shit out of you for no reason other than my own pain.  What happened to my mom didn’t have anything to do with you.  Hell, beating you up didn’t have anything to do with you.  None of it had anything to do with you, don’t you see that?  You didn’t deserve it.  And I’m sorry.  I spent my whole life searching for you, just to tell you that I’m sorry.  Because, regardless of what was going on in my life or how confused I was?  You meant something to me, Immanuel.”
Dean wasn’t sure what he thought about that.  Fortunately, Angelo was there.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Abel,” Angelo added.  “We do understand the need for security.  I promise we’ll cooperate.  Won’t we, Dean?”
The sound of Cher suddenly singing “If I Could Turn Back Time” from his cellphone was so welcome he nearly moaned in relief. Castiel quickly answered.  “Dean!”
Cass put an arm around Dean’s shoulders.  “We’re actually fairly close to the cabin,” he explained.  “We’ve been walking in what’s basically a wide circle.  I know these woods like the back of my hand.”
Dean’s hand continued its ministrations. Castiel gradually relaxed, sinking down into his bed even as his heart pounded.  Dean was here, in his room, at night.  The thoughts going through Castiel’s head now had little to do with his nightmares and far more to do with the simple fact of his beautiful bodyguard’s proximity.  “I’m sorry I woke you,” he mumbled.
Castiel glanced back at the bed.  Even in the safety of Bobby’s home, Castiel still listened for any sign of someone trying to sneak up on him, even as he slept.  He’d been awake from the moment the handle on the door to his room clicked open.  Fortunately, he’d been able to remain still, eyes closed, hand well away from his pistol when Dean had come into his room.  But that entire interaction had been confusing.  While it was certainly nice of Dean to bring him a drink of water and check on him, Castiel couldn’t understand why Dean hadn’t simply left the glass and left.  Why had the teen stood there watching Castiel?  Why pull the covers over him?  Dean was fully aware that Castiel slept with his pistol under his pillow.  What he’d done was stupidly dangerous, so dangerous that Castiel had finally opened his eyes and let Dean know he was awake.  The awkward conversation that followed was only more confusing, as was the way Dean blushed furiously.  Yet, the teen had still lingered long enough to pull the covers up over Castiel.
