“You really like them, don’t you?” he teased, causing Dean to actually blush, a rare accomplishment. He didn’t want his lover thinking it was some sort of kink he needed to be able to get off or anything, it was just…
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re crazy,” he shot at Sam, knowing he had to toss some sort of answer out.
“Then why isn’t he answering his phone?” Dean’s voice was leaden, and then he growled at the laptop as he hit a wrong key and a page he hadn’t wanted popped up. Sam stared at his brother for half a moment, then relented.
“I don’t care about Dante,” Dean returned coldly. He didn’t care about dead authors or history or the beauty and vibrance of the city around him. He cared about finding his angel, and now that he was this close, he was out of patience. The brothers wandered into the church along with several other visitors, Sam trying to smile at people and make up for Dean’s tendency to push ahead of them.
Poor Dean stared up the steps for a moment, as if this could make the bunker door open up to reveal Sam returning safely already, then his head drooped down, the comb all but completely flopped over to one side. Cas could only stare at him in sympathy, his own heart breaking a little for how heartbroken Dean looked. Usually nothing would keep Dean from rushing after his brother in a mad attempt to save him or keep him safe, and now he was powerless. Cas’s mind flashed back to when he was suddenly a human himself, no wings or grace, and he thought he might understand an inkling of what Dean was feeling.
Sweet, dirty, hot, with some wings on the side...
Then, as he watched his fiancee in curiosity, something seemed to move under the trench coat. Was Cas hurt, was the next thing that popped into Dean’s mind, was some Alien type creature using him as a host? Dean recalled the Leviathans with fury and he swore, if anything like that happened ever again he’d…
There was no way they could not take advantage of that wonderful over sized tub...
“Sir,” she replied, her own customer service smile pasted on, “That’s not quite -”
“I’m yours Dean. You can do whatever you want to me.” Dean had all he could do to not sink his teeth into the side of Cas’s neck to keep himself from literally growling in desire at this. A throaty whine did escape and his hips moved into Cas’s leg, his hard cock mindlessly seeking contact. Dean only had so much control, and a promise like this was the sweetest candy.
Rowena could not stop giggling when they met her at the edge of the parking lot of the casino that she claimed to now own. She was dressed in one of her usual showy, form fitting dresses, black and green velvet, at odds with the midday Nevada heat. Cold hearted bitch was probably never warm enough, Sam thought uncharitably.
“You guys are perfect for each other,” Sam insisted on continuing.
As the three guys made their way to the snack table to start with, Dean had to admire some of the details of these get ups. Especially one slight girl who looked like she was wearing nothing but body paint and some well placed lace. Dean wasn’t sure what she was supposed to be, but he sure wouldn’t mind finding out. The girl granted him a sideways smile at the way his eyes were almost falling out of his head at her.
The angel hit the power button on the remote and allowed himself to lay down on top of Sam’s always made up bed covers. He didn’t need to sleep, of course, but after a trying day, he had found the benefits of letting his vessel recline and rest while he turned his mind off the best he could with some show or movie. Ah yes, this program about the five older ladies living out their retirement years together. Cas huffed a laugh at the characters’ biting but affectionate jokes towards each other and decided sweet Rose was his favorite. With the only light being the TV and no current demands on him that he could do anything about anyway, Cas began to relax as best he could.
Dean knew he had to get moving, to continue working the job, but he took just one more moment to recover. With the tight, hot situation in his pants he wasn’t going to be able to walk straight just yet anyway. The Red Sox’s stats, the steps of changing the oil on his car, Charlene Floyd’s braces in middle school. Dean took a breath, steering his mind forcibly from his favorite angel and those ungodly heavenly lips. He could do this. Focus.
“Scout’s honor,” Sam vowed. Cas went to stand directly in front of Sam.
“Cas,” he told him, “I’m...I’m coming, man. I’m gonna come.” He partially tried to move away but Cas’s hand just moved faster, his warm mouth still engulfing the head of his cock. Well, he’d given him fair warning, there wasn’t much else he could do, and Dean shot his load down an angel’s throat. His vision a little blurry, he attempted to watch his lover’s reaction, and not surprisingly, Cas sputtered somewhat. But holy damn if he didn’t swallow most of it, giving Dean dirty fantasy material for the rest of his life.
He then straightened back up and resumed his intense stare at the human. Sam’s eyes flicked down to the army man and then back up to the rooster’s face. He may not have known anything really about chickens, but he was pretty sure this could not be considered normal chicken behavior. There was something severely off about this, and his sixth hunter sense began kicking in.
“Cas, Cas, oh Cas, my Cas, mine, oh Cas,” Dean couldn’t seem to keep from breathing out his angel’s name, lost in the moment, the moments...he would gladly stay here forever if only he could. But there was a hand that he loved wrapping around his erection, and a cock that he loved beginning to pulse inside of him, and eyes that he loved telling him with just a look that it was okay, he could let go and his angel would catch him.
He’s seen too much: he’s seen his fellow angels turn into ruthless killers while Dean is desperately trying to keep more lives from being lost. And from everything he’s heard, God doesn’t care anymore anyway. Maybe Cas is crazy for starting to believe Dean might find a way out of the apocalypse, but he’d rather be crazy and dead than pay too high of a price for mere continued existence. He guesses Dean’s opinions have gotten to him more than he could have expected.
“So you’re not even the one with the power,” Dean tested. He might be the only person that would mock a probably centuries old goddess, but damn it, he did it well.
Then through his and Cas’s panting, Dean heard the sound of a belt being undone and a zipper lowered. He made his eyes crack open, his pupils assaulted by the light in the room. He knew, logically, that this was not the time to look back, that if he had been going to fight it would have had to happen before he’d been reduced to a wet hole wanting to be filled again and a cock begging to come.
“Except for the part where we’ll be asking people a lot of questions about the dead people?” Cas asked from the back seat.
How often would they get the chance to be in the city of love, after all? In which Cas is a hopelessly romantic sap, and Dean ends up not far behind.
Sam, thinking quickly, went around to the other side and unlocked and opened the passenger door. No animal should want to be trapped in a car, he reasoned, and maybe this would make the chicken realize it could get out and it would fly away. The bird stayed where it was and just looked at Sam, or seemed to, anyway, the stare almost shrewd. Could it be rabid? No, birds didn’t get rabies, Sam was pretty sure.
Sam set his phone on the nightstand and half collapsed into the motel bed. He was sore, and exhausted, and he’d wanted to get the car mostly packed up tonight but there went that idea. How did Dean even have energy for sex after ganking monsters since noon? They weren’t as young as they used to be anymore. Sam was sure his brother would roll up sometime in the morning, hungover but with that sparkle in his eye, still insisting on driving the full four hundred miles home and falling asleep when they got there. Or worse, he would run himself past the point of exhaustion and jump right back into the bigger mission.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice quiet as a ghost behind him. And his little brother sounds so scared Dean tightens his resolve around himself. Fighting to hold back the flood of fear in his own heart.
“Eileen huh? Didn’t know you two were on a first name basis. You looking for a little extra credit Sammy?” Dean sticks his tongue in his cheek rather crudely and barley has time to dodge the swipe from Sam. The younger man’s reach a little longer than Dean anticipated. He jumps back from the table, as Sam’s chair squeals on the scarred linoleum floor.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Cas sighs, “Guess we should probably get over to Charlie’s. It’s about that time.”
“You didn’t actually ask me anything,” Castiel shakily replies, “what was the question?”
That was total bull. Now that his hands are empty, Cas has got them curled into tight little fists again. He wants to stay; he’s just being stubborn. Well two can play that game.
He standing with Eileen and a different redhead who wears a bored expression. Apart from the hair color there are enough physical similarities between her and Eileen that Dean pegs them as some kind of relatives. He realizes he’s been staring for a bit, he walks over the the trio.
“Would we be having it at your place?”
“Yo!”
“Seriously? You’re okay with someone else paying for something?” Sam shakes his head and laughs.
He heads up the steps and ducks into the ticket office. Two women sit and a long counter with an assembly line of tickets, programs and coupons in front of them. They’re stacking, tearing, and wrapping all manner of items for distribution to the guests later today.
Dean can only stare; he doesn’t know what to say. Cas was right, he can’t fix this. What are they going to fucking do?
I am flying through these chapters, I hope you're enjoying them as much as I am writing them!
Cas is visibly confused, “Birth parents? but aren’t you...” he trails off. Thinking back to when they were introduced, Dean had a look of panic on his face but he dismissed it as jitters. He called them Winchester. They never corrected him.
“Did you wash your hands?” Castiel raises a brow at his son. Pizza boxes held just out of reach.
“It’s not nothing. I know when you’re lying! He shouts up the stairs at her.
By the third toast Dean felt like they may have overstayed their welcome at the swanky Meryton Hotel. It’s a dimly lit bar, glossy black wood gleaming in candle light. People are staring as their voices become louder and louder. But Alastair assures them he came here all the time. And it was no problem.
Castiel leaves the entryway and follows. In the kitchen Dean has two drawers open and is pulling out a third. Silverware shaking in its tray as he searches. He curses and moves on to the next one. There are five more drawers to open.
“I really missed you guys.” He sighs, now that they’ve finally stopped laughing, “It’s too bad you’re heading back so soon.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas stands still as a statue. He has a glow around his head from the porch light and it casts a shadow over his eyes. It’s snowing softly, little flecks land in his hair and on his trench coat.
“Hi, sorry to bother you, I need to run up and meet with Zachariah. Can you keep an ear out for Jack?”
Fortunately, Adam’s turn was about to start, and it was the last one of the night. He still looked too thin; in the time that had passed since his hospital stay Adam had to have lost over ten pounds. Whether that was from the withdrawals or the crappy hospital food Dean wasn’t sure. But regardless even if he had managed to put back on half the weight, Dean remembers how unnerving it had been to see his brother’s gaunt cheeks and hollow eyes when he was first discharged.
Dean is laying face down on the sofa when there’s a knock at the door. He jumps up quickly, thinking, hoping Cas came home. But when he flings open the door he’s surprised to see Ketch standing on his doorstep.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Oh come on Cas you’re not that bad.” Dean affectionately runs a hand down his arm. Paying no attention to the two sets of brows that have been raised in silence next to him.
His head a swirl of conflict. Adam was his responsibility and he failed to protect him. He feels a hand on his shoulder and Cas is kneeling in front of him.
He stops to see if Dean’s going to chime in at any point, but his mouth is a hard line of anger in light of Castiel’s story. Continuing with a touch of malice in his voice, “I was however surprised to see the body was yours since you were so adamant about not coming with me.”
Her eyes widen slightly and at the short inhale of breath Dean is acutely aware that everyone in the room has stopped speaking all at once. Their focus tuned right in on the insult he just uttered.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
If Dean had leaned in, just a bit further, while they were shouting at each other, he could have pulled Castiel right on top of him.
“How long Ash?” Dean barks at the Head of Security. Ash might look like an AC/DC roadie, but he was wicked smart and designed the whole security system. Dean was seriously considering bringing him back to Kansas to revamp their own ballpark.
“Oh Dean!” Cas moans into his open mouth as Dean feels his own cock leaking against his stomach. His growing need for release becoming too great to ignore.
Cas tilts his head back; he’s smiling but its less of the sex god smile from a minute ago and more the nervous single dad one that walked into the restaurant four hours before.
“Accountant work gets you that sweaty huh?”
“My apologies, I didn’t realize that was today. Should I go talk to her?” He wanted to. He wanted to go pull Claire into his arms and tell her he was going to fix everything.
A rapt knock on the door has Dean stopping just before a shout comes blasting out of his mouth. Dr. Carter is standing in the now open doorway with Castiel’s chart in his hands. He’s in dress clothes today instead of surgical scrubs, but he wears a white coat open over his grey shirt and matching tie.
He grins as she saunters away, a view many men in the restaurant glance over to appreciate.
He’s unconscious Dean, not sleeping. The sooner you get that the better.
Dean nods rapidly, biceps flexing tight against the restraints, “Yes sir.”
“Well....you weren’t exactly... responding to my attempts at contact. She wrinkles her nose at him like she’s scolding a child for misbehaving.
“Just a friend huh?” She chuckles and continues down the path, they pass by a pond filled with lily pads. A fountain of water shoots up from the center, spraying fine mist in the air.
He takes another minute in her embrace and then sniffs the air, he pulls back in shock, “You didn’t!”
And it only went downhill from there.
Claire looks up at him through her impossibly long lashes, “She also said you danced.”
It seemed that way to Dean anyway, but when he asked him it turned out really he wasn’t but a few years his senior.
Castiel says nothing during this exchange, he already knew Adler’s opinion of Claire. And given her track record he feared he’d already made up his mind who was to blame. Moving further in the room, Castiel steps behind Claire’s chair and sets a hand on her shoulder. He means it in a show of solidarity against a common enemy, Adler, but she shrugs off the perceived comfort as she always does. He couldn’t remember the last time she hugged him or sought him out for affection.
“You’ve listened in on my calls! Have you been spying on me?”
Sam looks like he wants to say no. But to Dean, a drink after a stressful day sounds real damn good.
“Oh come on Dean! You knew that this promotion was going to come with a lot of extra work.”
He snorts, “Herbert? Please tell me you’re joking.”
Something is weird with the notes here so I apologize if they look confusing!
He reaches a hand out to take the packet and the stops. Was he really going to do this?
“At the club Cas couldn’t be bothered to dance with anyone; even though there were several women,” Dean points to himself now, “and men checking him out.”
Sam’s flight from JKF to LAX left in the early hours of Thursday morning. Ice on the wing caused enough of a delay where Dean was able to grab a cup of coffee with his brother at an airport cafe. They sit at a little high-top table and stare at the planes coming and going out the window.
Dean doesn’t know what to believe anymore but he knows he was wrong, his pride had been hurt. And it caused him to say things he may not ever be able to take back. He’s on his third pass through the letter, fingers absently tracing the heavy script, when the front door opens quietly.
Dean can hear him take a deep breath before opening, the small exhale barely audible from the kitchen.
“I dunno, I mean I feel okay. Why how do you feel?” Adam bypasses Dean on the way to the fridge. He grabs the OJ and drinks right from carton.
Barely a moment passes before the door opens and his boyfriend stares blearily out into the hall. Castiel’s ever present bedhead looks worse today, like he’s been tugging on the strands in frustration. His normally vibrant eyes, dull and red from lack of sleep. In short, Cas looks about as shitty as Dean felt right now. It seemed both men had suffered from their girl’s misadventures yesterday, and doing so well into the night and now early morning.
“Boyfriend?” He sputters. Who could he have possibly been seeing when he spent all his goddamn free time with her?
The bird only stares, a pressing dark gaze boring right into the heart of the boy. He swears he hears the distant rumble of thunder, and a great whump of wing beats answering back. His eyes slip closed, swirling patterns of light behind his lids. Someone calls his name, a voice from far away, begging him to follow.
Ellen’s banging pots and pans around in the kitchen and he can hear Bobby grumbling at the tv in the living room. Dean grins from ear to ear, it was the perfect start to the week.
Bobby is a man of few words, but when he speaks they all listen. And, in Cas’s opinion, he has a big crush on his wife.
“Dean, we have to... bed... now! Right now!” Cas groans out between kisses and Dean runs his hand around behind him. Grabbing his ass tight he guides the other man towards his bedroom.
He rips his napkin in two, “No I’m not...”
“So, are we going?” She looks at him expectantly.
“It is a big deal! I don’t want her to ruin her career over me. She’s worked too hard to make the company what it is!”
“A pair of morons.” Dean laughs.
Cas lets his voice die off and the song ends with Dean belting out the words. Castiel smiles but his insides feel all churned up. It had been a few weeks since Halloween. Things had been awkward between them, but Castiel was determined to make amends.
That tone ignites a fire inside him, forget Cas’s lack of finesse. The man clearly just needs to ask, and Dean will pretty much do whatever he wants. He steps quickly over to Castiel, taking his hand. This is it! There’s no more doubt in his mind of what’s about to happen.
“Cas, fuck your mouth,” Dean cries, “So fucking good sir!”
“Ah well then I guess you don’t want this drink.” And she takes a small sip.
“Oh honey, please call me Cassie. And you come thank me when you're finished.”
“I’m on my way, but can you at least tell me if she’s alright?”
He goes to the kitchen and pours a glass of water, he felt restless and edgy. The pent-up sexual tension hadn't dissipated on the short drive home, and he didn’t think he’d feel settled till he got Castiel in his bed. His cock twitches at the prospect at the same time his phone pings in his pocket. He smiles as the text from Cas lights up the screen.
“Ew, no way!” Emma squeals, “You two can't be on a team, you’ll just be making out the whole time.”
“So you’re working harder because she’s rewarding your for working harder?”
He leans closer, his other hand comes around to lay flat on Dean’s back. Pulling Dean closer to his mouth, they’re suddenly a breath apart. Dean inhales deeply through his nose; smelling clove cigarettes, vodka, and blackberries on Castiel’s breath as his mouth brushes past him to Dean’s ear.
As she moves Cas finally looks over, until now he may have not even noticed Dean was in the room. His eyes widen in recognition and Dean’s heart soars behind his ribs. He sees him, he knows him. He was going to be okay.
“Lyd, slow down. You haven't actually said what it is you need. But, fair warning, I can't watch Snickers for you again. Last time I took so much anti-histamine I didn’t poop for a week!”
“Jack, it's not a bad word. Well, sort of; it’s just a fancy way of saying something’s really awful.”
Grinning at her jibe, he looks back over to Dean finally taking his damn shot, “Yes, unfortunately even then.”
The other man scoffs, "I don’t think you should be thanking me, now if you want to get out of here, I think I feel a bender coming on.”
Cas can only nod, resisting the urge to tug at his tie, his shirt feels tight at the collar and cuffs. He needed to alleviate the tension, or they’d never make it to the next course.
“We’re not finished with this conversation.” He says and turns towards the front door.
“I didn’t miss that tone one bit Castiel.” And he turns to go. “Oh if you’re after a shower I suppose you’ll need this.” He tosses Cas’s travel kit at him.
“And if I were to persuade you to keep that information between us?” he murmers into Dean’s mouth.
“How about a tote bag? I hear those are very popular.”
That shouldn’t make her cry like that. Eileen was one of the strongest women he knew, and he admired her resolve and tenaciousness greatly. He couldn’t recall a time, outside his parent's funeral, where he had ever seen her so sad.
“And after meeting me, she couldn’t think of a better person to love her son.”
“Your confidence is ridiculously attractive Dean.”
9-11 going up tonight. 12 will be the last. I hope the wait wasn't too long!
Dean lets out a quiet laugh, “So it’s a contest now? Well, if my calculations are right it's been about 18 months. Can you beat that?”
“I seriously doubt that...”
But Claire wasn’t usually this cryptic on the phone, or in person. If she wanted something, she had been too embarrassed to ask him directly. But through voicemail had been acceptable.
“Thank you,” he whispers back.
She just nods as they lead her off the dance floor.
He sits back down, that may have been true, but Adam still should have tried to be here. He was going to talk with him about family commitments the next time he saw him.
“Yeah, I know. Speak of the devil, here comes our boy now.” He flips the camera around in time to see Sam step up to the batter’s box. At 25, he was their best hitter, and had a real chance this year of being called up to the majors. 6’4’, long legged and broad-shouldered Sam had a body built for swinging.
The eleventh strike comes then and it’s all Dean can do to keep from finishing right there. His whole body, already blissed out from so many hits, feels loose even as he holds himself up by the cuffs. His skin hums from his hair down to his toes. And Castiel’s hot breath in his ear is like icing on the cake, Dean loved the way Castiel described everything he wanted to do to him. And it seemed the Dom loved how much Dean got off on it, thus starting a near cyclical barrage of dirty talk that started almost from moment they finished their first scene close to four months ago.
“You look beautiful,” Bobby grumbles and Ellen’s worried face softens.
Hands behind his head, he lays there for a minute contemplating going back to sleep. But Claire was expecting him, and she’d only be more curious if he canceled on her.
The blatant flirtation is an arousing punch to the gut. He sucks in a breath through his teeth as the Sub smiles wickedly at him across the counter. But one arched brow from Castiel has the other man squirming under the heated look. Turnabout being fair play and all, he wasn’t going to let Dean keep the upper hand for long.
Castiel releases his shoulder and Dean’s heart resumes normal rhythm. Shakily he raises his bottle and takes a sip of warm beer. Castiel comes around from behind him and circles him slowly. Dean’s brain flashes on videos he’s seen of a jungle cat stalking its prey, he never thought he’d be on the receiving end of a look like that. Once Castiel’s made a full circle around Dean he finally speaks, the whole room is dead quiet but for Castiel’s voice and the blood pounding in Dean’s ears.
“Well if you’re VIP, you’re supposed to get the best. We were all told.” She pouts now, like he’s the one breaking the rules.
Dean shakes his head, reaching out tentatively to take back the feather he kept over his heart every day. But his fingers close around the other man’s and pulls them up to his lips instead, “The only thing you should apologize for is not finding me sooner.”
“Yes, well if the way you played Settlers of Catan was any indication I knew what I was getting into.”
“Sir, all VIP drinks are comped tonight. For the party.” She says it’s quieter and he knows it’s for his benefit. His eyes light up when he realizes what she’s saying. Sammy better kiss a lotta ass for this damn job!
A voice cries out in ecstasy through a crashing wave of pleasure, drowned out only by rushing beat of wings unfurling in the night.
“Thank you, Dean,” his hand comes up to rest on his shoulder, “with company like this, I don’t think Claire and I will be on our asses for too much longer.”
“So if you’ve met her, and the members of that firm, you know if she’s telling the truth?” Dean needs to know how much trouble they’re really in.
“It’s my responsibility.” Dean turns his back; Sam was pushing him. He just wouldn’t listen!
“Day...” he sighs to the empty room.
“Another day in paradise!” Donna cheers.
“You came down with the team?” Dean furrows his brow in confusion.
This chapter deals with a sexually transmitted disease, a very serious one. Please be mindful of the themes present.
Gabe cracks up at this, but as he’s about to reply his phone rings and he excuses himself to take the call.
“I guess you guys have history?” Dean knows he stating the obvious here but he needs to take a moment and collect himself. He rubs his knuckles absentmindedly at his chest and his heart pounds beneath his fingers. Why did Castiel look at him like that? And why did it bother him so much?
Dean shakes his head; well, he hasn’t changed a bit.
Who the hell was coming over at this hour, on a Saturday? He swings the door open wide and jumps back in surprise.
“Listen to the song Cas.” Dean urges.
TW: some mentions of Castiel's upbringing in this chapter and the not so nice things he went through. It's not in graphic detail and most likely wont be mentioned again. But I have updated the tags accordingly. And if it does come up, I will give you a heads up.
Theres a mountain of subtext to her suggestion; if Adam doesn’t get into this program right away it will be too late for him. He cannot be allowed to go home first. Dean needs to talk to Sam; he knew Adam had been partying too hard for a while, but weren’t they all looking for a way to blow off steam?
“Hey I work...” Dean pouts.
“Ok I’m going to get cleaned up. Would you mind heating up my food? I am kind of hungry.” Dean backs away to the stairs already pulling his phone out of his pocket.
He didn’t need any damn favors from Darcy. He’s about to say that very thing, but they’ve both walked off leaving him and the confused Joanna staring from the desk.
“You can take off the blindfold.”
“Remember,” came Sam’s voice, “We’re supposed to try to blend in.”
Sam wasn’t an expert by any means, but he was pretty sure the bright red...mohawk? Comb, that’s right, he corrected himself, and the dangling red fleshy beard type skin hanging under the dark golden beak, marked this as a rooster as opposed to a hen. It stood on two sturdy stalks of bright yellow scaly legs, each toe ending in what looked like potentially a cruel claw and on the rear of both legs, pointing backwards, were sharp spurs that Sam was positive could do some damage. This was not a meek barnyard chicken. This thing looked like it could go a few rounds with an opponent and win.
“Aye,” she told him, “I’ll need something from his person from when he was, well, a person, you’ll have to get me some grated
His sharp ear heard the slightest footfall behind him, not quite in the doorway, and recognized it. Dean swiftly took a step almost into the goddess, his eyes boring into hers, and pivoted on his heel. As expected, she turned with him so that she kept him in her sights, her back now to Sam.
“You gotta talk to her Sam, tell her how you feel.”
Cas sighs and lets his words hang between them. He can feel the tears trying to fall but he holds them in tight.
He comes back reluctantly to the present. Thoughts like that wouldn’t be appropriate here, and surely Mr. Darcy was not someone to be teased.
“First of all, even if by some miracle you walk in the door of our shitty apartment and suddenly get all your memories back, you still are recovering from a major brain injury and have many, many broken bones. You need someone to take care of you when I can’t be there. And I need someone to take care of you. So please don’t think you can fire Missouri or annoy the shit out of her, so she quits. I’ll just hire someone else.”
He nods silently, they were right. And maybe he’d been distracted lately. Wrapped up in the excitement of someone new. He needed to try harder, show them he wasn’t shirking any duties.
Castiel frowns at the barista’s outburst, “I’ll buy a coffee, I wasn’t intending to loiter if that’s the issue.”
Dean cups his free hand to his mouth and shouts. "Come on Owens!”
Winchester/Lafitte
He leans down close to her, hoping the music is loud enough where Sam and Eileen can’t hear all of this.
Kate returns to the table a moment later, “Well I hope you worked up an appetite! Strawberry Arugula salad, with salted caramel walnuts, feta, and a spicy honey vinaigrette.” She sets their plates down with a flourish and leaves just a quickly as she came.
“Sam, do I really have to go?” He whines.
Dean squeezes his hand one last time and unwillingly lets it go, “You got a busted noodle, I never expected you to act rationally.”
It’s almost noon by the time he huffs the 6 blocks from the station to Netherfield. He he strolls into the lobby and up to the reception desk.
Something Big. Something Important.
“Better you than me. She weirds me out Sam... how did she even know I liked pie?!”
Dean shakes his head with a quick grin and the flush is back, “I own the place, but yes I do need to get back to work.”
Sam’s floor reminds Dean of a beehive. People moving in what looks a haphazard fashion all over the place. There’s clicking, buzzing, beeping, and he thinks he can hear Simon and Garfunkel somewhere in the background.
As he speaks the song ends and the band starts a new one. This time it’s a waltz and now Dean can’t help but huff out a little laugh. Of course it’s a freaking waltz.
What else could go wrong today?
She tips him a wink as he offers her his arm. Together they walk out the door into the sunlight.
His own are wide with terror. He’s still inside her. She needs to get off him, he’s going to scream if she touches him anymore.
“Woah, hey! It’s okay Sammy.” He claps a hand on his back, his voice catching in his throat, “I’ll take care of us, I always. do.”
“Hey I’m Dean, Winchester. Nice to meet you.” And he takes Castiel’s hand into his warm palm.
“Gabe, I gotta get going.” He shakily gets to his feet.
Turing around towards the windows he can see even in the pre-dawn light the glimmer of fluffy white snow all over their street. That’s just as well, Emma was going to take the day off anyway. The doctor said she probably needed one more quiet day before heading back to school. And he won't have to call Adler to find out about her suspension.
“Well, I don’t have a frame of reference, do I?” Castiel counters sarcastically.
He didn’t think he’d ever been so scared in his life. Running down the two stories of the office building at breakneck speed. Pushing past everyone who clustered around Cas, making room for the paramedics when they arrived a full 6 and a half minutes later. It was like it was all happened to someone else.
Pants and boxer briefs fall the the floor, his own cock hard and ready. Cas pushes up on his elbows, clearly staring. Dean can’t help but smirk a little.
In the hall Dean is unashamedly pressed up against the doorframe trying to listen. There is a puff of warm air on the back of his neck, he turns and comes face to face with Castiel. He jumps back in surprise.
His blunt nails rake over his skin, pulling a gasp from his lips.
She nods, “Essentially, yes that pretty much covers it.”
Turning to Cas she hugs him tightly and hands him a folded sheet of his own stationery.
“What, what did I say?” Dean looks from his aunt to his uncle in confusion.
“I’m sensing a but coming along.” Castiel grumbles into his neck. The warm breath on his skin pulling a sigh from deep within Dean’s chest.
Gabe pulls him into a quick hug, “Safe trip Cas.”
“Reckless endangerment, for now. They’re trying to get a warrant to search his apartment. ”
Castiel freezes, this can’t be happening! Why now? You’ve been sober for months and now when you’re plastered... He’s filled with a mixture of hurt and shame. He looks down and Charlie is staring at them. She’s heard everything. She’s seen his everything!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! I am so thrilled by how much love this story has received. I cannot begin to tell you all how much this means to me. I still have plans for the club chapter, it will be a one shot that I'll add as part of a series. Be sure to subscribe to this work to be notified on that (or my account for that and any future works).
“Double surveillance. I want to catch that bastard in the act.”
But then Dean sees the driver’s concern, Adam’s not grabbing for the window.
“Dean, you don’t mean... don’t say that if you don’t mean it.”
“Currently I’m a woman of many hobbies; I travel, I volunteer, I plan parties like this one.”
He was being awfully forward, but with the man in question leaving town it wasn’t like he had much to lose. He knew he was pressing his luck, but something about Castiel was tugging at him, a great big ACME magnet dragging him toward this man.
“Didn’t know you liked to slum it in Jersey.” Dean smirks.
“It didn’t occur to you?” What the hell does that mean?
“Love you too.” Jack slips back to sleep and Castiel sits and stares at him a little longer. Running a hand fondly over his hair. The little boy stirs and Castiel slowly steps backwards out of the room. Cracking the door behind him.
Cas takes a big bite of the Philly cheesesteak, with no damn onion, a makes more appreciative noises that Dean (and his dick) tries desperately to ignore.
Wonderwall, Oasis
“Jack, Dean is here,” he calls and heads back to the bedroom.
It's Castiel’s turn to light up at the comment. This must have been why he was being so secretive, he had something planned the whole time. But what could he possibly have pulled together at the park? He opens his mouth to ask what Dean was up to, but his question is smothered in another fast kiss.
Plus he had just worked 10 hours yesterday, including helping rebuild a carburetor for a customer on the side. So ha! He did have an excuse for a day off.
Dean’s hand tightens around the wine glass, his knuckles glaring white against his tanned skin.
“So, pizza and movies tonight. Then tomorrow is football and feasting! I have to get up with mom about 5:00 to help with the turkey but I’ll try not to wake you.” He kind of just realized they’d be sleeping in the same room. Did Cas mind? He never even asked him.
Castiel hangs his head, he knows just what websites this will be up on. And he knows all their friends and family will be liking and laughing at the pictures for weeks. Oh God, their cousin Cain was going to make so many memes of this.
Cas never smiles like that at home. Yes he smiles; he even chuckles when Dean makes a joke or forces him to watch Caddyshack for a third time (Dean I just don’t see what so funny about the groundskeeper?).
“It’s a first for me too, we’ll make it up together,” he reaches his hand over and squeezes the one on his arm.
“Where the hell have you been!?” She shrieks.
Dean snorts, “We’re calling him Mr. Darcy now?”
Mick is at the far end talking to a man with a mess of dark hair. Dean can’t see his face but Mick’s looks serious enough for Dean to quirk a brown in concern. When he raises a hand absently at Dean the man he’s talking to turns to look and scowls.
“Yeah, I just need to do something quick a minute. You mind heading over on your own?” Dean needs to compose himself or they’ll all see through him. Cas frowns and nods.
She stands up and tugs him to the end of the bed.
Dr. Cain Carter, PhD. / John Hopkins University
“That was incredible, God! What’s going to happen when we’re in the same damn room?”
“I just don’t want to overstep my bounds, whatever they may be.”
“Wow okay, so you’ve been happy all of what six hours and you’re going to lecture me on my love life now?”
“I know what you’re thinking Dean...” Cas sighs.
“I always knew who I was, there were just sometimes in my life I wasn’t ready to acknowledge it, you know?”
As he rubs down his biceps, he places kiss after kiss along Dean’s shoulders and neck, inhaling the musky aroma of the massage oil and Dean’s sweat, it was heady. As he deepens the kiss just below Dean’s ear, he flicks out his tongue. Knowing Dean tastes just as good as he smells. He adds the tease of teeth behind that kiss, grazing them over Dean’s spine.
“Are you alright?”
Again, thank you all from the bottom of my heart for reading. You can follow me on Instagram for updates too @constant_reader
Dean wails as Castiel pumps his fist in tandem with the toy, “I’m sorry! Please, oh please sir don’t stop.”
He sighs bitterly and turns to his brother, “The part about me foolishly trying to save the house, yeah its true, but I don’t know anything about Cas’s involvement.”
Since that’s precisely what Castiel had been thinking he reaches out and rubs his thumb over Dean’s knuckles, “We have plenty of time sweet boy. There’s no need to rush things, besides there’s still the manner of planning, and testing, and -”
Snorting involuntarily Castiel smiles wide, “Thank goodness for that.”
“I, uh gotta take this. Be right back.” Dean jumps out of the booth and runs for the bathroom. He’s pretty sure he left a cloud of dust in his wake.
“Huh...” Dean trails off, “I don’t... I mean, what do you need your coat for? Are you going somewhere?”
'Cause I'd already know
Dean takes in the whole package; and what a package it was. Tucking his bottom lip between his teeth he smiles appreciatively as their eyes meet, and the man matches his reaction in kind. A flash of something flickers before those blue eyes but it's gone just as quickly as his partner starts to speak.
“I like that one,” he comments, “the hormone monsters are quite crude.”
“So what’s the damage? Do we pay you like a deposit or is it on a weekly timeframe?” Dean needs to know how bad this is going to hurt. He has a number in his head, fairly confident he knows how much these things cost.
“Watch your mouth, I’m still your mama.” She sasses back as he pulls her in a tight embrace.
She starts to walk away, but lays a hand on Dean’s arm, leaning down she whispers in his ear, “Dean if you don’t take that man home, I am calling dibs.”
Cas blurts his excuses and fears all over Dean and it's all he can do to keep from shaking him.
He glances at the portraits along the way to the next room, most are abstract or floral in nature, but some are of the house in its construction and early days. There are family photos mixed in everywhere, spanning 50 years of film technology and popular fashion.
“I know the furniture is a little fancy, but Mr. Balthazar’s rentals all come furnished. Or so he says. Anyway, he also said anything you don’t want he can have some guy name Uriel come pick up for storage. Guy was a total prick when I called about a weird angel statue so think real hard if you don’t want something.” Dean’s rambling again but Castiel grateful for more time to calm down.
On the wall sits a bird, feathers inky black as the midnight sky. It hops along on crooked talons, pecking at the sphagnum and dirt under its feet. The boy marvels at how much larger it is than the gulls and sparrows he’s seen along the shore or in the forest. It’s even bigger than the crows who feast on corn in the farming fields outside their village. It flaps its wings again and the span is surely longer than his own arm. The early morning sunlight catches on its feathers, and they are no longer as onyx as he originally thought, they dapple with all the colors in the rainbow. Dusky blues, burnt oranges, emerald greens; the wings are beautiful, more beautiful than anything he’d ever seen.
“Do you mind? I’m just trying to work!”
“All set gentlemen?”
Cas is barely grazing his prostate with every thrust of his fingers; Dean reaches over and places his hand on the fist gripped around Castiel’s cock. Releasing his own tight hold, Cas’s eyes flutter closed as Dean adjust the angle and begins to jerk Cas off. He’s rock hard in Dean’s clenched fist; steel incased in velvet, radiating heat through his palm.
“Please sit down, you must be starving.” She aims that lithium fueled smile at him again.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Good morning Becky, what can I do for you?”
Why do you want to know? Dean is so confused; he hasn’t seen Cas in months and now twice in one day. At his house no less! Dean wipes his sweaty palms on his pants when he suddenly remembers he's in his freaking pajamas!
“What did you have in mind?” Maybe if he seems open to it, she won’t spring it on him. He had gotten her to negotiate a few times now.
“And it warranted an in-person trip? Darcy you could have called me.”
He comes to slowly, kicking hard up through the cold waters of his mind. Clawing for the surface with every muscle in his body. He breaks free of the heaviness surrounding him and his eyes flutter open.
He scowls, “Well I'm a grown up.”
Castiel turns to him, his expression must be a fierce one because he can see Gabe flinch.
But he hears soft feet pad downstairs; and he smells the coffee going. Slowly he tries to decouple their bodies but Cas’s arms are like a vise. He untangles himself and crawls out of bed. Grabs his shirt and heads for the door.
There was no door man on duty this early but the elevator was secure. Yawning again he swipes his card, punches in the code. The doors slide open and he swipes his card a second time for his floor.
Gulping, he takes a bite that’s more cheese than vegetables but it's enough to get her off his back.
“Come in” she calls.
“Is that a flirtation?” Castiel asks pointedly, his blood already humming from the look Dean is giving him now.
They both settle in and Dean clicks off the light.
Castiel opens the door and his breath catches. Another set of wide windows overlook the courtyard and willow tree, the city beyond the garden wall stretching out before him. It may only be Kansas but it still looks pretty in the summer sun.
Dean’s teeth graze along his bottom lip, “You sure do know how to sweet talk a girl Cas.”
“Uh no, he was going to skip it today. He said he was too busy.” Her face falters, and Dean thinks its not the answer she was hoping for either.
There’s a knock at the apartment door and they both step out of the bathroom to answer it.
Castiel places his own hand over Dean’s and pushes it away, “It’s your choice sweet boy. But just know whatever you decide, our night doesn't end just because you finish. I plan on working you open and fucking you into this ridiculously comfortable mattress.”
Dean struggles out another breath, “Take your dick, and stroke it, nice and slow. Let me hear you baby.”
“Uh hey.” He stammers. Why were they here? Were they together?! Maybe that was why Anna was so rude to him before. He had been hitting on her boyfriend after all.
“Because when I met you, I realized a house is just that. Four walls, wood, and nails. A home is a sense of comfort, of belonging, of love. And when I look at you, I know I have all of that. I look at you and…I’m home.”
“Dean.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Randolf, can you please escort Mr. Bennet outside?”
That you love me
A thrill rushes through Dean and he grips them harder. “And you touch yourself? Will you show me?”
Dean blushes, “Thanks Cas. It means a lot to hear you say that.”
His golden tiger eyes glinting mischievously in the disco lights of the club, “MC’s about to come out, give the crowd a little... cock warming before the big show.”
He gulps, “I’m not nervous.”
“No. Thank you, but no.” a very grouchy Castiel cuts Missouri off before she can answer.
Part Two!!
Dean looks at Dr. Barnes, “Is that true?”
Cas frowns, “You’ve been up all night, you need some sleep.” He lays back against the pillows and puts an arm on Dean’s shoulder to pull him closer.
He hears the blow just before he feels it, the air whistling softly with his Dom’s swing. The glorious smack of leather hitting flesh has him groaning and pulling up on the cuffs, leaning into the burn. The plug in his ass, the one his Dom had told him to insert before his arrival, feels huge after the pressure of each strike.
“Your mouth!” Dean cries out, sweat already trickling down the sides of his face, “Wanted your mouth on my cock from the moment I saw you.”
Castiel removes his jacket and wraps it around her.
“You want to try that again Dean?” She whispers harshly.
And finally Sam... Holy Mother of God could he fill out a tux.
Oh good he might be drunk or possibly stoned. Either way he was underage and Dean did not look happy. Oh no, he looked positively feral.
“Alright, I'll catch you tomorrow. I still need to swing by with Baby for some parts.” Dean tucks the phone under his chin as he steps into a pair of navy boxers briefs.
“Cas,” Dean stops him before he furthers his own misery, “I’m interested. I’m so interested in fact, before you got here, I was talking myself out of the idea you’d ever want more from me than what was in that contract.”
“But you told him about your father too? Back on Halloween.” Mick reminds him. He didn’t just tell Dean, he compared Dean to his father. Even implied Dean might have a  drinking problem.
Castiel sighs again; he tells them everything. How he’s liked Dean from day one, the struggles of living with someone you’re crushing on. How Dean acted at Halloween, and how Castiel (wrongfully) unloaded his family baggage on Dean. Oh and made it seem like Dean had a drinking problem. So to sum up he was a terrible friend and didn’t deserve Dean.
“And I would not dream of entering into a union with you such as this without Sam’s blessing,” the determined angel finished.
Dean bucked and convulsed under Cas as the strongest orgasm of his life rode through every inch of his body mercilessly. He came so hard and so suddenly it almost hurt, coating the edge of the table and one of his boots with jizz and leaving a small pool of it on the floor.
“Beats me, man,” Dean replied, loading up a plate with mini corn dogs. Sam had apparently decided Dean was safe to be left alone, as he could see the tallest pirate in the room already starting to chat people up.
Dean was distracted by his own partner leaning over him where he sat in the library and  pressing a kiss to the top of his hair. Jingle, jingle, jingle went the bell toy as Sam waved it back and forth in front of the kitten and she pounced on it with a scrambling of her sharp claws against the wooden floor. Bet the original Men of Letters never saw this coming in their bunker. Leave it to an angel.
“I love you, Dean.” That sentence coming from his angel would never fail to make Dean feel safe and wanted and accepted in ways he’d never thought he would be. Cas caught him in his arms, knowing what he needed right now, as he always did, and they took a few seconds to simply hold each other in the purity of the moment.
Dean was piercing him with his golden eyes instead of his beak, and Cas stared back as steadily as ever. He did miss the deep, mercurial green of his favorite person’s eyes. All of this had happened in the space of seconds, and Cas’s hand was still suspended in front of Dean’s face. Cas also noted that he had not stepped away even though he easily could have done so. Now Dean leaned forward again, but slowly, not to bite or peck. Cas hoped he was taking the silent meaning correctly, and stroked once more.
Dean’s back stiffened again at this, and at the way Cas was grabbing one of his ass cheeks and meanwhile his fingertips found the edge of Dean’s pubic hair. This had gone beyond far enough - whatever sorcery Cas had used on him thus far to find his touches tender rather than invasive was done.
“I know,” Cas agreed, “I’m worried about him too. But he’s strong, and smart, Dean.” He took a sip of the pungent amber liquid, not finding the taste pleasant at all. He still took a second sip as he returned to the map room and lowered his own body to the floor, using the leg of the table as a back rest.
Cas was not being overly rough, but he also wasn’t being exactly gentle as his finger drove into Dean’s hole again and again. Fuck, why did this feel good? Another set of kisses was being bestowed on Dean’s shoulder blades, and the hunter began to wonder what those lips would feel like on his own.
“I didn’t think you were going to survive that battle,” the angel continued, his tone admiring now. “You didn’t think you were going to survive that battle. And still you entered into it, so true to your own ideals and so utterly unwilling to back down.” So stubbornness was a turn on for the guy, go figure. But that didn’t mean…
He tries to put the breaks on when she calls out. “Cas! I didn’t know you were coming!”
“Right so then we had to put all that info into these things called Punnet Squares and present it to the class.” She smiles a little, proud that he remembered her goofy assignment and it stuck with him. “My presentation was yesterday, and the whole time I was up there, Claire kept whispering to her friends and they were laughing the whole time.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Of course they did, he was never going to get used to this. Cas’s wealth was unfathomable sometimes. Cas is still running his thumb in a light pattern on his face, he’s been staring at Dean’s mouth the entire time.
Dean blinks rapidly, Castiel smiles at the confusion on his face. It was the last thing he expected to be doing tonight; but he could feel the tension within Dean, and it wasn’t all physical. He wanted to help with that, especially if he was most certainly the cause of that mental tension.
Guess she made it back to this side of the Mississippi as well, “Did she say what it was about?”
“Oh, sure Winchester, get your rocks off and fall asleep on me. I see how it is.” Cas grouses playfully to himself.
I hope you enjoyed some domestic Destiel and the drama that followed!
“Sir, if I may speak freely?”
“Romantically” Dean interrupts.
He listens to the first message from the unknown, as the nasally voice on the other end speaks Dean can feel his legs start to give out. Sam’s message wasn’t much better.
Dean lifts his head, lips already plump and slick, their eyes meeting through the haze of lust and darkness of the parking lot. Castiel’s poor human heart clenches at Dean’s words. Years of unspoken thoughts flash between them; half-aborted declarations of love, stilted confessions, vicious insults, and so many harsh goodbyes.
He nods now, “Yeah, and with Jess having the baby I’ll want to see my niece or nephew.”
Hope balloons in Dean’s chest almost instantly, they’d been scanning and testing Cas every day and had little to no positive news to share. This was the first time all week he had even seen Dr. Carter. It had to be good news then, even if he wouldn’t come right out and say it. He wouldn’t have just come to say no change.
“Castiel, it's all okay now. He’s safe.”
“Dean, if you still feel the way you did that day at the police station, I need you tell me now,” Castiel’s face twists in a mixture of regret and longing, “I know I betrayed your trust; however, I must tell you that my feelings towards you haven't changed in the slightest. But one word from you and I can promise you won’t hear from me ever again.”
Something rattles around in the back of his skull, a couple loose coins in the bottom of a tip jar. Um... shit.
Ignoring Dean’s question, she continues, “I’m here to meet with Castiel Novak.”
“I’m still trying to decide if adding breakfast is the right way to go, it would mean being open a whole helluva lot earlier for not very much reward.”
The smile on Dr. Carter’s face finally reaches his eyes, clear blue twinkling at their collective confusion.
Castiel clears his throat, just the sight of Dean had it constricting with emotion, “Hello Dean.”
Castiel comes around to his side. Gabe has a few windows open on various case files, but there's a log in screen covering much of the page.
“I don’t understand anything because you won't tell me!”
Damnit, he shouldn’t have said that, why would he be taking a shower in the middle of the afternoon? Besides the fact he had been sweltering in his costume the last 2 hours. Alfie had been right about the lack of clothes. He didn’t even want to think about how hot it was going to get in August.
He sets the beer on the table and grabs the box carefully with his hands, its warm enough that he yelps a little and tosses it on the table. Jostling Sam’s beer in the process.
“Imagine that! Who could have predicted after three hundred years, the spell still works?”
“Mr. Winchester, I don’t have much more information at this time. Once Mr. Novak regained consciousness, we reran his CT and did an MRI. Both show the swelling in his brain has gone down but it's not completely gone. We’d like to monitor him a few more days.”
“Holy Shit...” Castiel exhales.
“I heard Garth’s parents are going to sell.” Sam says quietly. Dean, in shock, drops the sponge wand in his hand. It splashes into the water, spraying the front of his shirt.
Castiel notices him almost immediately and curses. The man he’s with grabs him arm. Is he holding him back? Castiel struggles and pulls his arm free. He stalks over to where they’re seated at the bar and Alastair shoves up out of his chair.
“So she doesn’t think you can handle it?”
It felt silly to call a man beautiful, but Castiel couldn’t think of another word to describe Dean.
“Let you what Cas? What do you want?” Dean’s voice husky with arousal.
On the other side of the gate Meg is crouched down touching up her lipstick in the side mirror.
Adler ignores their private display and aims his focus on the Novak’s, “Claire of course will be expelled from this school, effective immediately.”
A cliffhanger! How dare she!?
“So last time you were telling me about your talk with Dean.” He brings the cup to his lips looking expectantly at Cas over the rim.
He grabs her ankle and starts to drag her towards him and the edge of the bed, his cock already jutting out, rock hard, but she puts up a hand to stop him.
She opens the door wider to reveal a wooden baseball bat in her other hand. She looks down at it modestly, “Just in case.”
“I know Sammy, I know.”
“Ketch, look at the boy...” Mick lays a hand on his partners shoulder. He brought Cas a blanket and wraps it around him. Cas can feel the tears sting his eyes again.
He wasn’t sure what was bothering him more; the fact he had to face another day of torture at the ballpark or that he had a date for the first time in over five years.
He takes a shuddering breath, “That man... That man is my boss. He must have seen us in the stands, and he came over to... put the fear of God in me, it seems.”
With part of their lofty inheritance Castiel and Claire had the home, which both Darcy children grew up in, converted into a public space for most of the year. The gardens and grounds, the extensive library, sculpture and portrait gallery, and several sitting rooms were all open to the public six days a week, from April through November.
Couldn’t even think about without wanting to throw the cheap hospital chair across the room. Cas was going to make it. He was going to be fine, he had to be.
“Why don’t you get cleaned up, I’ll put the kettle on and we’ll at talk about that conversation or at least talk about what’s next for you. Dean did have a message for you. When’re you’re ready I can relay what he said.” Theres pity in his eyes and Cas has to look away.
“Prick.” Dean puts the phone to his chest. He smiles down at Cas and runs a hand through his hair. Cas sucks an impressive hickey into Dean’s hip with a satisfying pop.
Looking down at his bare chest, Dean sees a whorl of scar tissue where the arrow had pierced just above his heart. A wound like that should have killed him, thinking back to his final moments of consciousness on the battlefield he wasn’t so sure it didn’t. But it looks like it’s seasons old, not just hours or days.
He’ll have to tell them everything. He’ll have to see Mick’s eyes soften as he tries to find some silver lining. He’ll have to hear  Ketch yell about “that bastard James” as he paces around the whole house.
“It’s going to be alright brother.” he murmurs in Dean’s ear.
“What!” Dean’s head flies up from Emma’s shoulder, his own eyes wet with unshed tears, “how the hell is that fair?”
Cas can’t remember the last time he laughed this much. His face, physically hurts from smiling.
“Yes, I remember. It was Valentine’s Day.”
As he gets closer to Cas’s door, he can hear the murmur of voices; Missouri’s soft high one and Castiel’s gruff low one. He only catches the tail end of their conversation as he steps up to the door and knocks gently.
“Thanks Charlie; for trying. I’m sorry I yelled at you.” He sniffs and turns away.
“Let me go!” He cries.
“She said 7:00.” Sam taps a staccato beat on the armrest.
He walks into the house, the aroma of red sauce, pepperoni, and herbs steamrolls right over him. It was crazy how just the act of coming home made him feel instantly better. His shoulders relaxed, his jaw unclenched, all the tension from the last few hours melted away.
A grunt from the living room followed by the pad of soft feet on the carpet. Gabriel stands in the doorway, at some point in the last five minutes he got out a bag of candy and is eating jellybeans by the handful.
“Yes.” He whispers back.
Castiel’s eyes widen in shock. Of all the ways Dean could have asked, he really picked the most indelicate way to ask it.
Dean nods, clutching the bag of coffee beans tight to his chest.
Yeah he’s partied before; but it’s been mostly just edibles at Mike’s house. Lou got them like a gram of coke one time but that was a whole lot different than pills. He didn’t even know what they were!
“We should definitely do that. Like right now.”
“No Dean, you’re not. Open your eyes, please. I need you to come back to me.”
The car comes around a bend and the mansion, because there is no other word for it, sits regally before them. Three stories of red brick, with fine white columns along the front of the house. Dean counts dozens of windows, indicating probably as many rooms, just on the front alone. It had to be 100 years old at least.
Castiel glares at his friend, who looks cool and comfortable in his FBI dress shirt and slacks, “My malfunction appears to be something to do with my clothing. It’s never done this before.”
Dean grins, the tension he felt earlier slowly leaving his body.
Typical family photos, Dean’s senior portrait, looking so fresh and young, his hair much shorter than it is now. A wedding photo of Bobby and Ellen, Bobby’s eyes gleaming with tears. The three kids on a boat dock with fishing poles perched in the bright blue water. And finally a handsome couple Cas doesn’t recognize, holding a very, very young Dean. The woman in the photo hugely pregnant, the man’s arms wrapped around the two of them. He takes it down to look closer and turns to ask Ellen about it but she’s come up right beside him.
“Dean, you don’t need to do this all on your own. You could have told me how bad it was.”
“Well for one it’s the middle of the day, and if you don’t get up now we’re going to be late.”
The phone disconnects and he sits there a minute holding it to his ear.
“Dude, you need to calm down.”
“There, now you won’t embarrass the family with your shabby ensemble.” Dean mimics Ketch perfectly and Cas can’t hold back a snort.
It was a no good, very bad day.
Bending his head down he bites and licks at the soft flesh of Dean’s stomach. All the way down to the base of his swollen cock, the head already leaking a heavy bead of precum. Castiel ignores it and instead places a well-deserved hickey on Dean’s inner thigh, admiring the way the flesh reddens under his mouth and tongue. A heady wave of possessiveness overtakes him at the sight and the blood pounds in his ears to the long-forgotten tune of
“Gentlemen, I'll be back with your next course. You are in for such a treat! It's not very often Ms. Robinson goes off menu. Would you like another drink while you wait?”
“Right here, this is where the magic happens!” And Dean ceremoniously throws open the door to his childhood room.
He gazes appreciatively at the curve of her hips, the small thatch of hair at the apex of her thighs, the generous swell of her breasts, her dusky pink nipples pebbling from the chill of the room. A blush blooms over her face and chest, and he has second thoughts about the temperature. He can feel heat pooling in his belly at the sight of her, and to his dismay all his carnal instincts start to take over.
“But what I most wanted to convey was when I first realized how deep my feelings and affections were for you. I tried to recall the moment; I wracked my brain over all our memories together. Was it the night we met? Maybe our first dance together. The morning you broke down in my arms. No, in fact the more I thought of it, I came up with nothing.”
“Yeah I was getting there. Across from us are Charlie and Meg; they also aren’t a couple. Just friends that go wayback. Different as night and day too, you wouldn’t look at them and think friends for life. Any-who, they host a weekly game night. It’s pretty fun; they have a ton of board games, they even have Super Nintendo tournaments like March Madness with brackets. Charlie also mods a D&D group that I’m apart of.” He’s got that smile dialed up to 11 again, Cas wants to smile right back.
He looks away from her pitying gaze. Scrolling till he finds the email from Alfie. He reads the first few tasks, and they seem easy enough. He might be fine after all. His eyes jump down the list to where a name with a big TM next to it resides. Focusing on the paragraph he reads it twice before he realizes what it says.
“Alright buddy, I can take a hint. Come find me when you come up for air!” Dean grins again to show no hard feelings and Sam barely nods before disappearing into the crowd. You are hopeless kid...
She frowns and pulls the chart up on her iPad. “He’s stable but his liver and kidneys have extensive damage, common with long term narcotics abuse. He is on a ventilator because he lost consciousness in the ambulance twice and were still unclear about which drugs he was on. But it was most likely Percocet, it’s a common party drug.
“Cas...” Dean whispers across the table, “I’m nervous too.”
Everyone shifts their focus to the front and Dean glances at the reverend, an older man with a shock of wild silver hair and heavy beard. Reverend Cain had a fearsome look, sunlight glinting hard in his steel blue eyes. But his face softened immediately as he starts to speak.
“Thank you for coming in. I hope the experience was enjoyable.”
Not sure if he’s referring to the fact that he’s half naked or the direction his hands were going, Dean decides to take this matter into his own hands. Tucking his elbows down by his ribs, he lifts his hips up just slightly. Based the quick intake of breath from behind him, he knows he absolutely made the right call.
“Yes sir, I understand.”
He nods his chin towards the front door behind the former Angel’s back. Refusing to move from his spot at the counter. Castiel’s heart drops, even if this wasn’t their life it still tore him up to see how easily Dean could push him away. After all these years, he still banished him without hesitation.
He leaves his team to their consolation and heads up the stairs to the locker rooms.
“What’s so funny?” Cas asks as he climbs back up his body.
“Was she doing the right thing when she sat idly by in Adler’s office? Letting Claire take the blame for their altercation when she’s the one who started it?”
He’s been listening to music in his room for over two hours, headphones turned up to an ear-splitting volume. Trying to drown out the sounds of Sam and Eileen’s reunion on the couch. Sometime later, about halfway through his third Led Zeppelin album, he hears a car pull up. Peeking out the stairwell he can see Sam sneak one last kiss goodbye before Eileen slinks out of the house.
“I’m sorry guys, I know I can get caught up.” he concedes.
“It was through text...”
Dean nods, gripping his husband’s hand tightly.
“Hey, how’s your day going?”
Dean heads into the apartment and spies Cas sitting on the couch. Cup of coffee steaming on the table, he’s staring out the window, but doesn’t turn when Dean walks in.
“What did you say?”
The adults share a small laugh, but Jack doesn’t join them. It was such a change of pace from last night and the ballgame earlier. Jack had asked him all manner of questions in the last 24 hours about himself, his home in Kansas, the baseball team, his car, his family. If he had been any older if would have felt like an interrogation. But tonight, he was eerily quiet.
“You promise huh?” Dad says, turning his eyes back on Dean.
There's a collective laugh from his friends who all know Dean is as stubborn as a mule and works harder than everyone at the comic book shop. It’s not that he hates his boss, but nobody really liked Chuck. He was kind of a weasel and spent all his time working on his graphic novel while Dean basically ran the store. But he loved the store, loved the people, he even loved the business side of it. He never expected to be good at it since he only had a GED.
Couldn’t love you more
Two updates in one weekend!? I must really ❤️ You guys!
Pushing thoughts of his father’s tales out of his mind, Dean lets the exhaustion he felt all night take over. Eyelids fluttering shut, he slips a hand under his pillow and closes around the raven’s feather. It seemed silly to have held onto the thing for so long, but the morning after the fire it was still intact and safe under his old bed. Floating in a beam of radiant sunlight, just waiting for him to find it once more. From then on it never left his side, he took to wearing it under his shirt on a string, tucking it under his head only at night to bring the pleasant dreams the midwife had promised him.
“Sorry, that guy’s a bit of a trickster.” Buddy laughs through his mask.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I love you Dean.” He replies.
“Shameless to a fault...” Stevie shakes her head as he wraps her up in a big hug.
“You bet on me getting laid!” Dean shouts.
They're lying in bed one Tuesday in February, shortly after round three. Dean’s got his hands cuffed behind his head and they’re both gasping for air. He comes down from his orgasm and starts to strain against the cuffs, the key just out of reach on the nightstand.
Cas grips his knees under the table, “Unless what?”
She never visited his predecessor this much; she used the fact Sam was “green”as leverage with those who questioned her sudden interest in the coder.
Becky’s hand on his arm pulls him back to the present.
Looking down between their bodies he marvels at the sight of his cock sliding in and out of Dean’s hole. Reveling in the filthy sounds of skin slapping together, his hands tease all over Dean’s front while his mouth roams the breadth of his sweaty shoulders.
“Of course, Dean, there’s still time to decide. We just all need to come to that decision together.”
Charlie tugs at his arm and he sees everyone walking off the field, embarrassed to be caught staring he wraps an arm around her shoulders and walks her back to the stairs. Benny already beat them there and he holds the gate open for them.
Dean follows the familiar route to Castiel’s room like he’s being pulled by an invisible string. The halls surprisingly full on a Sunday morning he weaves around a few gurneys before making it to the door. Its open to the hall and he can see Castiel sitting up in the bed. His eyes are closed but Dean can tell from his body language he’s not asleep. His good arm is loose at his side, where the left side is slung over his middle, probably cradling the tender ribs.
“Yes. I like Dean, he likes baseball. And he makes you smile.” Jack says in a very matter of fact way.
Cas pinches him on the ass inciting an undignified yelp out of him.
Just enough to want to let him take me right on this damn table, you know like how you do with acquaintances. Dean struggles to contain a smile, Becky looked in no mood for sarcastic comments right now. Especially about Dean wanting someone besides her.
He resists the urge to look down at it, “I’m sorry guys, I was just text -”
“I’m familiar with the product,” he grumbles, Jack was a fiend for grape juice. Something Castiel couldn’t stand, “what does that have to do with anything?”
“Get me my goddamn pants, let’s go put that son of a bitch in a cage.”
“Now I can tell you’re fully understanding the terms of our agreement. But as much as I’d love to chat, I have a date waiting for me.”
“Oh fuck!” He moans, hips thrusting up into Castiel’s fist.
Dean looks back at him now, “Come on, let's get out of here.”
Dean nods firmly, taking his own rather large bite, “Damn right. When they spring you, we’ll have to hit up Benny’s. Now that’s some damn good food, but it doesn’t exactly travel well.”
“You really love it here don’t you?” Cas isn’t talking about the bedroom. He’s talking about his home, and his family. Dean wishes he knew what he could say to let Cas know he wants him to be part of it.
Emma laughs at her comment, but one look from Castiel has the two of them avoiding his gaze in favor of sorting through their remaining tickets like a goblin hoard. Despite the glare he gave them, he was thrilled the two of them were getting along. It had been months since the fight that landed Emma in urgent care and Claire kicked out of Lawrence High, for now they seemed to have put their differences aside and really bonded with each other. Yes, most of the bonding revolved around making his and Dean’s life extremely difficult, but it was a small price to pay for peace in his opinion. And the girls didn’t get up to too much trouble, so much as sass them relentlessly about every little thing.
“I can’t!”
Grumbling he gets up and heads to the shower; not giving a damn if he’s making a ton of racket. It was Adam’s fault they were all up so late. If he got woken up in the process well that was too damn bad. Running the water as hot as he can stand, he waits patiently for the old pipes to wake up. After 15 minutes under the pitiful spray, he feels almost human again.
Dean licks his lips; his heart starting to trip up in his chest. He kneels on the floor in front of Anna. Grasping her ankle lightly he sits there for a minute. Her skin warm beneath his hand.
“Nice work boss.” Ash signs off and Dean lets out a deep breath.
“I would truly appreciate it if you didn’t barf but please speak plainly.”
Besides liking the show, it had been an utter joy to watch Dean for the last few hours. He was the perfect audience member. He laughed at all the jokes, sang along to every song, and gasped appropriately when the juggler tossed a rather large dildo high in the air and caught it with only their left foot. He was literally the most sexy and adorable thing Castiel has ever seen. But fat lot of good that was doing him if he couldn’t even get out of the damn booth to do anything about it.
Frowning at her accusation, he shoves his hands in his pockets again and bumps the business card. He had Castiel’s full name, phone number, and the address of his publisher right there on the tiny scrap of card stock. But telling Emma that meant he’d have to take back everything he just told her.
Four heads nod in agreement as their host, Rowena, banters with the crowd over some anecdote. Castiel tries to listen but his thoughts keep turning back to Dean. While his friends watch the stage, he peaks over again at the bar. Dean is leaning on the server side, elbows propped up on the shiny wood. Completely enthralled with whatever story Rowena is telling. Castiel feels a little pang of guilt, he should be paying attention. They paid good money for these tickets and this is just the kind of event he’d been talking about attending. Sparing one last longing glance at Dean he turns back to the stage in time to hear Rowena deliver a punchline of which he has absolutely no clue what it means.
At his admission, the hands leave his chest, and the lips leave his back all in one fluid motion. Castiel nudges him over and positions him on his back against the pillows. Dean’s legs open automatically, and he can feel the other man kneel between them.
Castiel shoves himself into Dean’s personal space, his nose inches from Dean’s own, “Fine, I'll spell it out for you. When I got to the warehouse in Boulder the Djinn wasn’t there, I searched for victims but when I found none, I suspected it was out hunting. So, I waited, hoping to get the drop on it before it could do too much damage to the person. I didn’t have to wait long till it returned and dragged a body into the warehouse.”
Posted a day early because I have birthday plans tomorrow and to make up for the serious lack of sexy times in this chapter. The next one has it!
That sexy smug bastard voice is back now and Dean has to bite his tongue to keep from possibly moaning, or definitely shouting back at Castiel.
“Looks amazing Kate.” Dean aims his megawatt smile at her, and she runs her hands down her sleek ponytail. She stands awkwardly at the table for a moment, basking in the glow of his praise. Dean’s smile dims, as she’s clearly staring at him. “Um, thank you?”
He thinks of weapons and incantations.
Castiel confided in him at some point, one random night while they laid in the quiet warmth of each other’s arms, that his last relationship failed because his ex-boyfriend had a problem with Claire. Now Dean feared it would be completely understandable for Cas to pull away from him because of Emma’s actions. How could he expect Cas to stay when their relationship was so new and fragile? If the roles were reversed, Dean was self-aware enough to know he’d be pissed and would push Castiel away if given the chance over something like this.
He had missed the end of the game, so he hadn’t known what happened. But it was great to hear they won. “I did buddy, it was quite the game.”
“Yes, can we go sit down?” She looks past him down the hall.
Dean curses again, Castiel can clearly hear the slap of skin as Dean jerks himself off on the other end of the phone.
“Stop pretending you don’t know what’s going on Dean. I can take a lot of things from you, but flat-out denial isn't one of them.”
Claire interrupts again from somewhere in the loft, “He’s sorry, you’re sorry! Will you all get inside and shut the damn door?”
Everlong, Foo Fighters
Emma makes a sound like a wounded animal, whatever resolve she held onto crumbled in that moment and she drops the ice pack with a watery splat. Dean crouches again by her side, his strong arms come up around her shoulders in a hug she fiercely returns. Castiel knew all too well the healing properties of Dean’s embrace; whether it was a tough night with Claire, another unreturned message from his brother, or even a bout of writer’s block, when Dean held him in his arms Castiel never felt more loved, more cherished. He could only imagine how good it would feel for a father to hold his own child that way. His own father had been severely lacking in that regard.
“It’s not a break up, we weren’t even together.”
“Oh, thank God, you're okay? He’s okay right? I’m his Dad.” the man babbles and reaches out to take Jack, who’s already struggling out of Dean’s arms.
“I saw enough of the inside; would you like to walk the grounds with me?”
Anybody need anything? Glass of water, a towel, heart-rate monitor?
He waves to Pamela and the guy with a mullet she’s standing with. He’s about to head over to say hi, but Charlie’s suddenly dragging him across the room.
Dean looks up and sees Cas frozen to the pavement. He stops shaking the man, “You know this guy Cas?”
“Oh hey, sorry! I guess we got caught up. Eileen, Anna, this is my brother Dean. Dean this is Eileen and Anna Bingley.” Sam looks a little uncomfortable but then again social situations make him nervous.
The entrance leads to a living room with chocolate brown leather furniture, there’s a fireplace along the far wall sandwiched between the largest built-in shelves Dean has ever seen outside a library. They must go up 9ft, there’s even have a ladder on casters off to one side! Each shelf is filled with books; some look to be a hundred years old, others are shiny new hardcovers. Dean itches to go over and pull volume after volume off the shelves but Cas’s walking away again.
“Yes, but I gave it all up for this.” He gestures ironically to the threadbare office. Dean sees a little anger flash on his face but Alastair hides it away immediately.
He can’t believe it; Garth and his parents had been their neighbors for years. They practically grew up together. Garth moved out a long time ago but he still came home at holidays and such.
Cas steps a little closer, his bare feet brushing Dean’s, “I called up there after you fell asleep. Left a message for him.”
Castiel nods, “Yes, just normal bedtime stalling.”
A faint “SORRY!” from the basement is good enough for Dean who nods to himself and makes his way to the kitchen. Sam is at the table, notebooks strewn about, nose inches from the laptop screen, a cup of coffee at his elbow. Dean picks up the cup and takes a big gulp. It’s bitter cold and he gags, spitting it back into the mug with a grimace.
Castiel is the first to end the staring contest they have going on when he closes his eyes and rubs a hand to his temple. Dean drops the bag and starts to rush to his side when something stops him in his tracks. Cas doesn’t know him; he needs to give him time before cramming fifteen years of friendship down his throat.
“Yeah I wanna take you to bed alright.” He hiccups. “I want you so bad Cas.” He tries to brush up against Castiel’s crotch but misses.
“Not even a little bit,” Castiel winces at his own admission, “sorry that was harsh. My brother likes to say that my uh, people skills are a little rusty.”
Cas swallows a hard lump in his throat, could it really be that easy? Could he just call Dean, and start the painstaking process of mending the scraps of their fragile bond?
“I think I need to go lie down,” Dean finally says, his voice trembling and small. He blinks, and a single tear falls down his cheek.
“Cognitively he’s doing fine. He can name numerous objects by sight, and he was able to answer some more complex math equations. He can read and write without discomfort. He was also able to walk virtually unassisted to the restroom several times.”
Dean, not to be outdone by Ash, is about to make a smartass comment of his own when a man comes around and joins the dark-haired beauty next to Charlie. The words catch in his throat, if he thought the woman was attractive the man next to her was drop dead gorgeous. He too had dark hair, haphazardly styled in a perfect ‘just got fucked’ fashion. But where his partner’s eyes were dark, the man’s eyes were blue as a summer sky. She whispers something in his ear and when he smiles those eyes twinkle impossibly bluer, crinkling at the corners. His mouth settles back from the infectious gummy smile he gave her to a more serious expression, but his eyes still dance with humor over the crowd. His broad shoulders and chest stretch the dark purple shirt and black waistcoat. Both of which fit him like a glove. With his sleeves rolled up to the elbows, Dean can just barely see an intricate design of tattoos wrap around each of his muscular forearms. Tight fitting black jeans hug a pair of thick thighs all the way down to a pair of beat-up combat boots.
He makes his way through the lobby and up to the fourth floor. 401 is the first door so he doesn’t even have the luxury of a calming walk down the hall.
Cas also hadn't said more than two words about their sudden departure from the game since Dean showed up loaded down with grocery bags. Clearly, he was sticking to his guns about waiting for Jack to be out of earshot. Dean looks thoughtfully at his cards, trying to decide which to play next, when the little boy yawns. And it’s so forced, Dean bites the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
Castiel’s blush deepens, “I’m sure they are. I just don’t want to go anymore...” he trails off, head in his hands.
If you didn't notice I have updated the final chapter count, next week will be our last one. We'll have one last soft dad/uncle interaction with a time jump, and a final smutty scene with our favorite Dom/Sub.
God the bastard was handsome, if you could get past the caustic demeanor. To some people, certainly not Dean, Castiel may even be considered beautiful.
Picking up the pace he bucks harder into Castiel. Hands coming down to grip onto his hips, he uses them for leverage and pulls himself harder into Cas.
“Anyone else in here?” His voice is shaky and it does nothing to stop Adam’s own nerves.
God he was fucking this up royally. He had truly meant to ease Castiel into the fact he was a recovering alcoholic. It wasn't something you just sprung on people, let alone someone with a traumatic brain injury who you happen to be in love with. Knowing it would only put pressure on the fragility between them. He knew Cas was incapable of not worrying about Dean. He had over a decade of proof of that very fact. But he also knew Cas would wait him out, he’d just keep watching Dean with that stoic expression till he cracked. Exhaling he sets his forgotten sandwich on the bed in its wrapper. If he was really going to do this, he was going to do it right. Cas deserved full disclosure.
“The what guy robe?”
“We will be fine. I’m thinking of getting Adam a job at the sub shop by the garage. Then I can keep an eye on him. Plus, you’re just going to be moping around here and no one wants that.” He smiles, that lie about the job came out too easy.
“He knew she was there, he told me she was fine. He said her name.” Castiel grits his teeth in rage.
A series of expressions pass over the Dom’s face in that moment. How is it possible for someone to look both sexy and shy at the same time? Castiel catches the tip of his tongue between his teeth, canine tooth glinting wickedly. “I may know yes; it's been suggested more than once I should have become a phone sex operator rather than a writer.”
“It was nothing, drop it Sam.”
The MudDevils won, 7-3! Sammy’s grand slam in the top of the 5th had been the last runs scored. It was a beautiful hit and Dean cheered the three runners and his brother around the bases in a joyful dance. If he could have done a cartwheel and not lost his Buddy head, he would have.
“Sure thing, follow me to the kitchen.” He turns, and peaks over to the living room. Sam is on the sofa, his head bent down, with Eileen sitting on the coffee table in front of him. Their knees touching across the small space. Dean stops, Eileen is already crying, he can see the tears running down her cheeks. He strains to hear their conversation through the open doorway.
“Dude, don’t think I’m judging you or anything. I think it’s awesome.” Sam’s tone made it obvious he was being sincere. Dean’s expression remained pinched but his gaze softened slightly. He still wasn’t going to address such a mushy topic.
“Just track it,” he commanded in reply, and sat down next to Sam, not about to leave him alone until he did it. The pacing probably wasn’t helping his nerves anyway. Sam, with a curiously worried glance at his older brother, opened up a new tab and began working, but was not able to do so without commenting.
“You are the naughtiest angel I ever want to meet,” Dean mumbled against Cas’s lips, causing his lover’s smirk to deepen. Then he led Cas down the steel steps and through the map room, eager to gain his own room. And there was Sam, sitting comfortably in the armchair in the corner of the library, some sort of paperback in his hands.
Sam eased the Impala into the next spot available and the guys spilled out, Sam adjusting his eye patch under his floppy hair in the rear view, Dean making sure to grab his cowboy hat and Cas…
The only lights on were those of the strings on the tree and the ones draped on the banister. It made for quite a dreamy, romantic glow, especially when it bathed Cas’s perfect skin in a luminescence that made Dean’s heart stop. That was how they’d ended up in this gloriously naughty position, Dean’s body asking, begging, to be filled up again, to give himself to his lover as one final present for the day.
One of the only things that Dean didn’t appreciate about having the kitten around was that Cas insisted that she be allowed in bed with them if she wanted. Luckily Dean barely moved in his sleep so there wasn’t much chance of his rolling over and crushing her, and of course Cas was there and awake to ensure that didn’t happen. This meant that Cas held her and not Dean a lot of the time now and Dean wasn’t exactly jealous of a cat, but...if his lover wasn’t so heart stoppingly adorable when he cuddled her he might have to put his foot down.
“You’re so fucking beautiful,” he nearly sobbed, his vision going blurry as he couldn’t keep the tears of joy and surrender at bay anymore. He wasn’t even close to coming yet and he felt like he might explode.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” the angel said softly, his eyes roaming over the deep red feathers as the rooster stalked slowly away from the staircase, the picture of dejection. Cas took another stinging sip of whiskey and appreciated the quiet of the bunker, broken only by the soft scrape of Dean’s claws on the hard floor. The rooster was drawing closer to Cas, to Cas’s glass, and then he’d lowered his beak into the liquor itself.
“Yes Dean.”
Dean wasn’t sure his legs would hold him, so he pressed into Cas as he stood up as straight as he could, then twisted around to face the angel, whose arms were still boxing him in close to the table. He did his best to ignore how well their bodies fit together from this angle as well.
“Yeah I know,” Sam agreed with Cas’s silent amazement, and went to enter the motel room. Dean of course followed him right in, Cas on those spurred heels.
“Well, yeah,” Dean conceded. Not for the first time, he wondered how good of an idea it was to take the angel on investigations with them. “You just stick close to me and Sam, okay?” Especially looking like that, he didn’t add. Cas nodded thoughtfully.
Another little town, another motel room, another diner breakfast, and the Impala was parked in front of another quaint suburban home. Sam was in the house, inserting himself into the crime scene and assessing if the murder sounded like their kind of deal. Dean was waiting in the car, on lookout and backup duty, when he heard a faint rush of air that he hadn’t heard in a long time. The reflection of a shock of dark messy hair in the rearview mirror was his second clue.
“So are you a good kitty?” a Harley Quinn, one of several Dean had seen, was asking Cas, her lascivious look that was travelling up and down Cas’s black clad form lending no mistake to her intentions.
Cas was clumsy, no doubt; his teeth scraped the sensitive flesh sometimes, and he didn’t think to use his hand right away for support and steering, making him look rather like he was bobbing for apples at first, but Dean could not have possibly cared less. This pure act of giving, of his partner wanting to make him feel good, was so beautiful in and of itself that anything Cas did would have been heavenly.
A soothing warmth seeped into his skin just above his tailbone, where Cas’s hand was resting firmly, and the angel began to slide inside. So full, so wide, so hard, so much, that Dean cried out with the pleasure pain of it.
She was certainly fun, and cute, and not all that annoying. When she would play too rough or start to scratch at the woodwork, Cas would pick her up and give her the gentlest stern talking to one could ever imagine, and while Dean logically knew she couldn’t understand, it seemed to stop the behavior for at least a little while. It made him wonder how Cas would be with a small kid, and he decided to shelve those thoughts in his mind for inspection at a much later date.
No way. No way.
“It’s fucking hot, that’s for sure,” Dean told him, and reached a hand up to Cas’s abdomen to steady himself, petting the light trail of hair there, while with the other he continued to hold the cock in position. Taking a deep breath, he slipped the head past his lips even as Cas took his fingers that were resting on his belly and squeezed. This was oddly erotic and intimate all at once, something Dean couldn’t have prepared himself for, and he closed his eyes with the emotion of it all while he tried to take more than an inch or two of dick into his mouth.
And then he was wrapped in that angel’s arms, being held tighter than anything, and he was clutching at Cas in turn, not able to get close enough after coming so close to losing him. It wasn’t like Dean to sob, but he was horribly close to it as he took in Cas’s strength and realness and love.
“Please,” he mumbled, even though he didn’t know how his face had become buried in Cas’s chest. His lover could still hear him just fine. “Move. Fuck me. Please.”
Dean had received some amazing blowjobs in his admittedly promiscuous life. He looked back in fondness at one particular night with a redhead in Mississippi, and while that had been fun in the hottest and dirtiest of ways, this was so much...more. There was something about the way Cas was settled between his legs, lavishing attention on his cock, seemingly content to imprint every inch on his tongue that made Dean feel almost sacred.
Also, we get to meet this young lady of Sam's ourselves.
“I know, he still listens to tapes,” he shared in an insufferable tone to the chicken, for no discernible reason other than he must be going crazy. Without warning, the bird bent its neck over enough to stab Sam in the leg with that vicious looking beak.
“Bawk,” he uttered firmly, and stared at the angel for a moment with his head on a tilt, his feathered neck at a sharp angle. Then he turned to Sam and gave the best approximation of a nod that a rooster could, red comb and wattles shaking with the motion.
“Dean hasn’t wanted me to say anything,” Cas started, with a slightly disapproving eye cast towards his fiancee; it had been a bit of a point of contention between them. Cas had been wanting to tell Sam almost right away, and now Dean found out why.
before. But he certainly did now, and the sound, crawling its way out of Cas’s throat directly into his ear, went right to his knees. He’d had another smart ass comment to make, something about Cas not being a stacked blonde, but the words fled his mouth, along with most of its moisture. There was suddenly a strong hand on his sternum, and he knew Cas could squeeze the breath from him in a heartbeat.
“Cas,” Sam said sincerely with a tilt of his head, “I couldn’t imagine anybody who I’d rather see Dean with. Of course you guys have my blessing.” Breaking the serious atmosphere in the room in a flash, Cas lunged forward and grabbed Sam in a hug that would have knocked a smaller man off his feet.
“Does this have anything to do with Cas?”
“Yeah, sorry, that’s not a request I follow when it comes from a guy. No offense.” Dean even managed a small smirk. If force wouldn’t do him much good, maybe he could use his wits. Wouldn’t be the first time they’d save him, or at least give him an advantage.
“I’m so sorry Cas...”
Castiel paces the floor of his father’s study. Stalking like a tiger trapped in a cage, back and forth over the carpet. His heart tapping out a rapid beat behind his ribs.
He closes his eyes tightly and springs them open. He’s still there, in his underwear, laying on the most comfortable mattress he’s ever slept on. He pinches his arm hard enough to sting; it's all real. He really slept here with Cas, wait, where is Cas?
“Cas, did you sleep at all?” Dean raises a brow.
“I know sweetheart, I love you.”
“I love you, so damn much.” Dean exhales in his ear, breaking through the roar.
“Nah, don’t want to step on your attempt at a goodnight kiss.” He winks, or possibly blinks with one eye half closed. The whiskey is catching up to him now.
“Stop staring...”
Emma scrolls absently along her timeline, “Nah, mom wants me home for dinner. She has a date tonight.”
She’s a bit older than Dean assumed now that he can see her up close. He recalls Anna saying something about her going to college next year, so she must be around Adam’s age. She’s very beautiful, in a sharp kind of way. Her eyes are the same color as Cas’s, but the shape is different. Her smile is infectious, even through his nerves he can’t help but return it when she steps over to him.
Happy Sunday wonderful readers!
Eileen’s eyes twinkle behind her dark glasses, “No, Anna was completely bored with California after like a month, which is typical.”
Castiel comes to the bottom of the stairs, “Yes Dean.”
“Emma,” Dean starts, “can you just tell us what happened honey?”
“Helluva party... you picked... picked a good year to grace us with your presencesss.” The words slur off his pouty lips and Castiel feels his own cock strain against his suit pants.
Adler glares at Castiel, letting the implication that Claire started and ended the fight hang in the air like the noose he surely planned to hang her with. They both knew this was her third offense this year; at conferences all her teaches spoke about how serious things were. And if Claire didn’t start to turn things around it would get very hard for them to keep her out of the administration's sights.
couldn’t control either. Your dad, your brother, Jimmy.” He ticks them off one by one. “Guess you’re taking the blame for all of it huh?”
“I also went to see him.” Meg adds. And they both turn to look at her. “He’s my friend too.” She smiles, throwing Charlie’s words right back out.
“It must have been wonderful growing up here.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Working his way along Dean’s shoulder blades, he bites back a moan as fingers dig into the scar tissue. No one had touched him there since PT, and it had been a few years since he had regular appointments. But that had been clinical, cold even. Completely opposite from how Cas was touching him now.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
He treks the three blocks down to Gabe’s offices. One impatient elevator ride later he stands in the lobby waiting for Gabe’s assistant to fetch him from a meeting.
All the spit in Dean’s mouth dries up in an instant. His throat closes and all that comes out is a very unmanly squeak. Knees practically knocking together he shifts in his chair hoping to convey that it's an uncomfortable seat and not that his dick just sprang to attention.
Sam nods, waiting for Dean to continue.
Castiel’s heart cracks a little in his chest, he was just too perfect. Before Dean can get all the way in the kitchen, Cas reaches for his hand and pulls him around the corner for a heavy kiss.
“Oh, we’re near Pemberley!” She looks up, her eyes gleaming. “I’ve always wanted to go there.”
“Don’t move,” he says and walks quietly over to Jack’s door.
There’s another hesitation on the line, “Thank you Dean.”
“As normal as they can be.” Sam grins and pulls Dean into a bone crushing hug. “I’m glad you stopped by.”
Stepping in first Castiel goes to the panel and waits for the other two to enter before selecting a floor.
“Run along inside boy,” Rowena smiles again, but this time it doesn’t quite meet her eyes, “your family is waiting.”
On his knees with his arms cuffed to the bedframe Dean makes quite the picture. With him facing the wall, Castiel takes another opportunity to admire his sub’s rolling back muscles and shapely rear end. There was no denying Dean’s body was amazing, and Castiel was going to get his fill of looks before the night was over. His wrists extended out, the cuffs Castiel brought with him connected to a set of D-rings just behind Dean’s headboard. It was a very clever and discrete way to hide the proper hardware for bondage or suspension. Castiel made a mental note to ask Dean later about the weight restrictions for the rings he pointed out on the ceiling.
“You’re doing it again.”
The sub licks at his bottom lip, “Green, yellow, and red, sir.”
Dean signs off and pinches the bridge of his nose with a gloved hand. It wasn’t even opening day; he really hopes this wasn’t an omen for how the rest of the season was going to go.
“... My turn?”
Dean nods silently, with that being all the permission Castiel needs, he grips the headboard and brackets Dean’s arms with his own. Slowly thrusting till he’s fully seated, his own hipbones pressed firmly against the other man’s ass.
“What’s the time?” he growls out.
“Is there someone we should call for Mr. Novak? I understand you’re his emergency contact, but what about his family?”
“You could at least try calling.”
“My schedule?” He parrots back.
With no regard for his own sense of self preservation, let alone the half dozen patrons of his establishment, Dean chases Sam through the café brandishing the bucket of soapy water like a weapon. The curses and shrieks that follow from the kitchen assure that the elder Winchester had hit his mark, and the younger needed a fresh change of clothes.
“God Mr. Darcy you sound like an old grump. Forget attorney mode for a minute; what about as my friend, what do you say?”
“Like what you see Cas?” Eyebrows wagging.
They walk silently up the path, it’s not so cold once they’re back out in sunshine. Dean can smell lemon grass, verbena, honeysuckle; the gardens are already in bloom with a riot of spring colors.
Her shoulders relax a little, imminent threat having passed, “What did he do?”
“It’s Adam, he’s in the hospital.”
She was crying!
“It’s going to be alright.” He lies, he has no idea what Special Agent Henriksen is here to tell them. But he’d shield Claire from all of it if he could. He only ever wanted to protect her from the awfulness of this situation.
OPEN AUDITIONS!!
“Thank you, um Kate, we’re going to be good here while. Would you mind giving us some time? I don’t think we’ll order dinner just yet.”
“No, I mean he was upset about me leaving. But he wasn’t upset with me. He said we could fix it. He begged me to stay.” Eyes wide and unfocused. He’s picturing Dean’s face in his mind. The heartbreak he put there.
They stayed very still for a long time, catching their breath, with Dean nearly laying on the table, Cas holding himself up over the human, and the friggin trench coat brushing Dean’s bare sides. Too soon, Cas’s softening cock slid out of Dean, and the hunter winced at the loss of the warmth of it as well as the wet feeling of come trickling out of his hole.
Dean’s mind flashed to the phrases
“You mean they want to have intercourse?” Cas asked, in that no nonsense way of his. Which should not make Dean flustered.
Hands that held the power to smite or heal with about the same amount of effort cradled Dean’s face, and the bluer than blue eyes were back to drinking him in. Hesitantly but with purpose, the angel kissed the hunter and Dean welcomed the fire dancing along each of his nerve endings. This time there was a closed door and a comfortable bed instead of a ringing phone and this lent a languor to their movements that they both leaned into.
Castiel does have a soft spot for humans, his brethren are right. They amuse him, and when he’s not working he enjoys watching them go about their lives: raising their young; running their little territories and keeping order, though usually badly; and all the seemingly insignificant activities they perform in a turn of a sun, most of which Castiel doesn’t understand. But they’re oddly cute creatures, in a so-ugly-they’re-cute kind of way, and after all, they’re his Father’s favorite creations. Castiel would love them if only for that reason.
Cas merely watched for a second in disbelief but then realized he shouldn’t be surprised. This was Dean after all.
He stood in a small chamber, the air around him freezing. The first thing his eye landed on was a dark haired and trench coated angel in the center of the room, seemingly frozen in place, arms clamped tightly to his sides, though there were no obvious bonds Dean could see. It seemed Cas could only move his eyes and his head in limited motion. At least there was no blood, but all the same, rage tore through Dean.
“Teach me more,” Cas requested with unmistakable heat in his voice. “Let me touch you. Give me your - touch me,” he pleaded brokenly. Dean was starting to fear he’d created a monster but when he considered how horny he was, and that Cas’s hormones must be going absolutely haywire with all this being fresh to him, he could hardly blame him. Dean moved a hand to the angel’s wrist, trying to steady both of them.
“Is everything okay?” Dean asked, worry washing over him. It wasn’t like Cas to suddenly show up unless there was an immediate threat.
“I live with the two of you,” Sam bit back with a smirk. “Anybody would be. But seriously,” he continued to press, “Did you guys have another fight or something? What happened that day I went shopping?”
Sam doesn’t trust him completely, Cas can feel it. But Dean does, and Sam trusts his brother. The two are a package deal; that much is obvious. If Cas is going to be there for Dean, it means being there for Sam as well. But he witnesses a beautiful thing the longer he’s around the brothers. Though one of them might stray to the dark side, or partially, for a time, the other’s belief and love always brings them back. Always. Angels, contrary to what humans like to believe about them, have no such parallel.
“Jerk,” Sam shot back.
(See the end of the chapter for
The attempted defiance drained out of Dean in a rush. How could you yell at someone who was just
“Cas...” Sam started slowly, not sure how to announce this, “Cas, that’s - that’s Dean.” The angel’s eyes squinted much as Sam’s had as he looked back down at the rooster.
“I thought he was with you.” If there was a double meaning there, Dean ignored it.
That slick finger found its way inside of him, and Dean wanted to hate it. This was wrong, he hadn’t asked for this, he hadn’t told Cas this was okay, he’d never wanted anyone to touch him there. He didn’t want to want more, he wished he wasn’t desperate for Cas to wrap a hand around his dick again, he certainly didn’t give permission for the needy moan to leak out of him.
“He hasn’t been gone that long, has he?” Sam queried. “He’s probably fine, just has some angel stuff to do or something.” This was reasonable; Cas always had taken off at times and he always came back to check in. Dean didn’t care.
“Right. Focused,” Dean repeated, glancing over to ensure Cas was still nearby. The angel’s beautiful eyes were wide as he took in his surroundings, it was probably unlike anything he’d seen before, all the costumes, the weird finger food, the pop music coming from the huge ballroom. Dean was so caught up in watching Cas that he barely noticed the white wings that brushed his arm as another scantily clad female passed them. He didn’t miss the appreciative smile that the fake angel gave Cas, however, or the friendly grin that Cas shot her in return.
Sam had put on some Christmas music, just to complete the kitsch factor, but it was a healthy mix of old school, Andy Williams and Johnny Mathis, and the cooler stuff, the Boss and Elton John.
Another groan escaped him as a fresh drizzle of lube hit his opened hole and another finger slid in with it. Dean barely noticed he was moving his hips, either back into Cas’s fingers for more stimulation or forward to find something to rub his now almost painfully hard dick on, he wasn’t sure. He would give anything for a hand around his cock right now, but he was too busy holding himself up on the table and he’d be damned if he’d be able to ask Cas for that. He kind of liked how Cas’s fingers were digging into the meat of his ass cheek anyway, holding it in such a way so that it was giving his other hand room to work. Though he’d also be damned if he ever said such a thing out loud.
Cas giggled. And squirmed a bit as he shifted his hands in his pockets, almost as if he was being tickled. This was not a guy that was in any sort of discomfort.
“Go to sleep, Dean,” Cas whispered tenderly, and his lips pressed a blessing of a kiss to the center of the human’s forehead. Dean slept, deeply and securely.
Dean had no idea what Sam was talking about. Just cause he’d gone out and suddenly bought a TV for his room when he’d sworn against the idea in the past and had dry cleaned Cas’s suit but waited a day to give it back to him so he could enjoy how adorable he was in normal clothes for a bit longer and had stopped picking on him for anything at all, didn’t mean anything. He’d just decided he would be nicer to the guy for a change, that’s all. What Dean didn’t understand was why it wasn’t working.
“You want to talk about it?” Sam’s voice was a touch gentler as he steered the car onto the road. He had to know the answer would be no, but Dean was thankful that he asked all the same.
Sam shook his head slightly and looked back over at the rooster, who was giving him the best version of an impatient scowl that a bird could manage. Yeah, this was Dean alright.
He had to admit a certain pride in the gift and the idea of it. Simple silver, with a graceful engraving around the band. It had taken Dean weeks of studying to feel confident that he was having the jeweler put the right marks on the metal, and he hadn’t been able to explain that it was a different language she wouldn’t know and couldn’t look up. The lady followed his instructions to the letter, however and as far as Dean could tell the Enochian was spot on. The only true test was a real angel’s inspection, though.
“I know it might be stupid,” Dean mumbled, “But it’s not like I really did this right. And - and you deserve right. You deserve perfect.” Cas’s eyes were glued to his, soft and curious and so very blue, so very Cas.
“Oh god, Dean,” Cas muttered above him, squeezing his fingers tighter, and Dean really wanted to smirk but of course he couldn’t. He could only keep working the cock that was filling his mouth up, already threatening to choke him. He found he could barely really get any suction if he wanted to get as much in as he could, and a new respect for all the girls that had sucked him off began to make itself known. This was not easy.
“Yes he is,” Cas remonstrated, his tone gravid. “As you are his.” The weight of his words and stare left no room for argument as the brothers looked over at each other. Castiel wasn’t wrong, they silently acknowledged to each other. Dean quieted.
Dean’s eyes stayed resolutely shut but he began to imagine the picture that must be behind him: Castiel, fully dressed complete with trench coat, standing between Dean’s shamelessly spread legs, those impossibly blue eyes carefully watching his finger as it explored his virgin hole. The hunter felt the flush spread over his body at the mere idea of the visual.
“You shouldn’t want to fight this, Dean. This is your reward for being so strong. Angels aren’t...supposed to want humans like I want you.” The need in Cas’s voice was unmistakable now. His thumb found the center of Dean’s hole and pressed.
Halfway through the second episode in the marathon, and Dorothy had just found out what Blanche had done this time, Cas’s eyes flicked at the door as the crack opened just slightly. His sharp ears picked up the tap tap tap tap, and then a moment later a red ball of feathers had fluttered up onto the bed with him. Cas didn’t move from where he was laying on his side, but his gaze followed Dean as the rooster turned his head towards the glowing screen briefly, then seemed to look back at Cas in amusement for his choice of program. He then turned around twice before settling his body, his legs tucked under him, closer to Cas’s chest than the angel might have expected. He wasn’t quite cuddled up to the angel, but he was near enough for his wing to brush Cas’s dress shirt as he fluffed his feathers in preparation of going to sleep.
“I thought you’d never ask,” the whisper came, soft as a feather floating to the ground. Dean moved forward, as gently as he could, taking one last gulp with his eyes of Cas’s devotion shining back at him before he closed them and the distance between their lips. If this was what communion tasted like, he should have done it long ago. Cas’s lips responded to him instantly, eager and welcoming as Dean had rather figured they might be, but oh, it was unlike anything he’d been able to imagine. He’d read some questionable books in times of extreme boredom that likened a kiss to lightning, to sparks flying, and he’d scoffed at them. It was a kiss, not a car battery.
“Let me pleasure you, Dean,” as he kissed a slow trail down Dean’s ribs, his side, his hips, and then Cas was tugging down his underwear, breath heating up his already hot skin just underneath his belly button.
Castiel cannot decide what to feel...er, he means...think...about Sam Winchester. He knows what he’s done of course, but he also knows that Sam never really had a choice. Azazel cursed him when he was just a youngling. Still, Cas remains hesitant around the younger man, cautious just in case. But being in the same room with Dean and Sam is more than the angel had expected. He might not understand emotions but he can sense when there are extremely strong ones about. Usually it’s the fire of anger or the tang of fear that is apparent enough for Castiel to be aware of when he’s around humans.
On the eve of the big day, Dean's ready to rest after all the preparations. And he ends up unexpectedly enlightened by his angel.
The three guys at the bunker or a motel room, getting up for the morning. Sam, yawning, goes, "Too bad you're a rooster and not a hen, Dean. Could have laid us some eggs." Heavily smirking.
“If you were going to die, you would have had worse symptoms by now,” Emily tried to reassure him. She was training to be a nurse, so Dean put some stock in what she was saying. He also had to admire her understated sarcasm, which she wouldn’t have lasted around the Winchesters for very long without.
“Return to your haunting here,” Castiel’s voice rang out, bouncing against the stone walls. And Dean knew he must be holding back a little so that Dean wasn’t deafened.
Dean stared at the sweet and pretty but tough little thing where she was cradled into the crook of Cas’s arm, content to be right where she was. Her fur was two shades darker than Cas’s hair, her sleepy blinking eyes as bright green as Cas’s were blue, and the way she snuggled into the angel made Dean glad they were able to give her a safe home. Then all at once it came to him.
Whatever. The younger Winchester shook his head to himself and flipped off the light. Dean had saved his life at least twice today, and it had been awhile since he’d sown some oats, to be fair. After all these years, Sam knew he would forgive him so he didn’t know why he bothered getting upset. He stretched out as far as the bed would allow and closed his eyes, his body grateful for the comfort and promise of rest.
“I’m sorry it took so long,” he breathed back into the shirt collar.
And there’s the heart of the matter, when he finally admits it to himself, of why he’s so intrigued by Dean: the man is an almost constant whirlwind of every emotion, though Castiel thinks he’d really rather die than ever let anybody know that. Which of course is a sizzling ball of emotion in and of itself. No wonder Cas can’t stop watching him. He knows he’s not as detached as he should be. But he has to think that someone that is so intent on saving human lives that he is willing to stand up to angels to do so must not be all bad.
It was late, perhaps past midnight and Sam had gone to bed some time ago. Dean and Cas had not wanted the day to end, so they’d stayed up, spiking some eggnog and talking about what their future Christmas traditions together might be. They already weren’t sure who started stripping who first, both evidently wanting one of the traditions to be getting each other naked under the Christmas tree.
“I’m not doing anything wrong,” Sirona said, her eyes glowing in defiant triumph. Dante, now behind Dean, had fallen silent and there was a thrum of magic vibrating in the small room.
The feathers alongside Dean’s narrow head were next, and by now Cas’s lips had the ghost of a smile as he felt how silky they were. He liked Dean as a chicken, he decided. He loved him as a human, of course, but avian Dean was letting him touch him. Cas was very aware it was not remotely the same thing as what he’d not been able to help, just sometimes, fantasizing about doing to Dean in the dark, but it still brought him a quiet joy to be able to show his affection for Dean in this way, while the hunter badly needed comfort.
“Should I use your body wash to bathe her? She’ll smell just like you then,” Cas asked, sounding pleased. Dean’s eyes closed tight, then opened again.
Cas dragged him to the next exhibit still holding hands and Dean glanced around, at the families and the couples surrounding them, feeling a bit subconscious, not sure if he could feel their eyes judging them. He’d never been big on PDA’s, of course he’d rarely had someone to do them with, but it’s not like he could let Cas down anyway.
“Where the fuck did you get him that outfit anyway?” His brother blinked at him for several silent moments.
“Oh,” was Cas’s reply. He smiled, a soft tender thing that lit up his whole face and Dean knew at that second, naked and clinging to an angel’s coat, that he was well and truly screwed. Cas kissed him then, slow and soft and deep and needy and so perfectly attentive that Dean almost forgot his own name.
“Pants off,” he demanded. Before Cas was able to get them all the way down, Dean was kneeling in front of him. This was well beyond his normal personal level of okayness, naturally, but with his recent orgasm still flowing through him, his brain was still in enough a sex haze to allow him this lapse. That, and good god Cas had earned it. Dean could recognize that cloud of lust in his eyes by now, and that, combined with the pride pouring out of Cas, made for the combination of wanting to please his lover by returning the favor and to see just what kind of pile of stuttering goo he could reduce him to.
“Where’s Dean?” and the spike of concern in Cas’s tone had Sam scrambling to calm him down.
Dean turned again, his hand back on the hilt of the knife, ready to take out Dante’s spirit even though Sam was going to be pissed at him. But the ghost had dropped to his knees as if in supplication, and Cas was able to move once more. Dean ached to hold him but they weren’t done yet.
That is, he does until he chooses Dean. This much is conscious, at least, though he may not fully realize until much later why he makes the choice he does. For the moment, it’s got nothing to do with the way the man looks at Castiel in salvation now when he shows up, or the stupid laugh he forces out when he’s trying to lighten the mood, or the adorable way he gets so excited over something as simple as pie. Nothing at all to do with those things. It’s just that Cas cannot allow someone who is trying to do the right thing not be able to at least have the chance.
Sam couldn’t help an annoyed sigh as his ear echoed with the ringing of the unanswered call. Yeah, he bet Dean couldn’t come to the phone right now. Probably had some bartender half naked already. He’d said he was only going for a couple of drinks but Sam knew his brother far too well to not be able to translate that into “I doubt I’m coming back to our room tonight.” At least after as successful of a hunt as today’s had been.
Then the rooster was reaching for the armrest of the passenger door with his beak, as if meant to eat the lining of the door on its way out of the car. At this point Sam wasn’t sure he cared; as long the chicken went on its merry way and let Sam go about his, he’d replace the whole car door.
No missed calls. No sign that Dean had stopped in and gone back out for coffee. Sam was allowed to be annoyed now. Or worried. But he tried to choose annoyed as he dialed Dean’s cell again. This time straight to voicemail. So his phone had died while at some chick’s place or…
“As you wish,” Cas replied, tightening the arm around Dean that was helping to hold the hunter up.
Clearing his throat, Sam, ever the schmoozer, answered, “Um, Paris.”
“I’m fine,” Dean all but snapped. He’d finally gotten free of the Mark, he didn’t need to be reminded of it. Or reminded that his thoughts were straying, and he very well couldn’t tell Sam why. Damn his little bro for always being so observant.
Dean’s wildest hopes were surpassed; Cas was head over heels in love with the zoo. It was a good thing he’d made sure they got there early since the angel wanted to stand and stare at each exhibit until Dean nudged him on. Just like a child, the hunter thought with affection. He used to pick on, and, okay, outright ridicule Cas’s viridity, his lack of worldliness, and Dean wished he could go back and kick his past self. What he used to be annoyed by now charmed him, the way Cas’s face shone when he saw meerkats for the first time in real life, or the wallabies that loped right up to him in the Australian walkabout section. Dean paid the extra few dollars to feed the lorikeets, and seeing Cas standing there covered in brightly colored birds while people around him looked on in awe would have been worth ten times that.
Dean had to admit he really liked the girl. Two years younger than Sam and a rescue from that vamp nest, she fit the damsel in distress category, but was eager to learn more about hunting and monsters and all of it, though Sam was hesitant to teach her. Dean left them to settle that on their own, knowing his brother didn’t necessarily want a partner that would fight alongside him. She seemed to respect Sam’s wishes and be willing to listen to him carefully as she slowly got broken into everything their crazy lives included.
“Actually, that’s fine, I’m just going to have a few pieces.” This brought an expected look of curious surprise cast his way from his brother.
“I missed you,” the confession came, deep and open and simple. Relief and longing twined together crashed over Dean in a wave, and he barely had the presence of mind to scan the quiet street and make sure Sam at least wasn’t on his way back to the car. Screw anyone else.
So somehow this one shot wanted to be a full blown love story. I'm not the kind of writer that can do smut or porn without big feels behind it so I guess I shouldn't be surprised, and especially with our Dean and Cas, the love they hold for each other is so strong I can't ever see it being just sex for them.
They were woefully unarmed for whatever they might be walking into. Another reason that Dean didn’t like travelling by anything but his car and personal arsenal. They’d tracked Cas’s cell phone signal to this area of the Parisian city that Sam called Montmartre, and a church, of all things, a Saint Pierre something or other. Only jaded hunters would feel like they needed more than a couple of blades hastily bought from a shop about a half mile back to walk into a seemingly picturesque house of worship with.
“I like it when you touch yourself,” Cas said with no qualms, and damn if that wasn’t maybe the dirtiest phrase Dean had ever heard upon waking. He already had half of a morning boner but he tried to keep his mind out of the gutter, for now anyway.
“I’ve wanted to do this for so long,” the angel’s deep but dulcet tones crept into Dean’s ear. The hunter melted under this kind of devotion.
Dean’s shock made the word almost a squeak. The angel’s hand had dropped from his shoulder, but now it was back, Cas behind him, walking him again towards the only furniture in the room, which was of course that marble table.
“I have plenty of power!” she hissed at him, but then paused, almost thoughtfully. “Just, not quite enough.” Dean did his best to put an openly curious and caring expression on his face and not look threatening, hoping with all of his thudding heart that Cas was okay for now. He didn’t look in bad shape at all, other than not being able to move.
“Forgive me! Oh forgive me, Great One,” Dante was mumbling, his dusty head bowed and his hands clasped. “She forced it upon me, she made me summon you, but I still should not have done so.” Cas had recovered quickly and stopped Dean from attacking the ghost with a sharp look of remonstrance at his lover.
“I think - I think maybe I can figure this one out on my own,” Cas said with determination, and laid the tenderest of kisses to the tip of Dean’s rapidly growing erection. This rather hurried the process along, to the point that Dean wasn’t sure there was enough blood left in the rest of his body.
and being excited for that mere fact. This was the final proof: he’d turned into a dork. A wishy-washy, sentimental dork. Dean blinked his eyes fully open to see his angel staring back at him, as attentive and doting as he was sure Cas had been all night, watching over him. Becoming a dork was a small price to pay.
“It’s okay,” Cas was telling the ghost. Dean’s eyes were wide with incredulity; what was okay about this? But Cas shook his head twice at him, and he had trusted Dean too many times to not deserve the same in return.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asked, hating the desperate tone of his voice but not able to help it.
The longer Castiel spends here on Earth, the further he can tell he’s slipping from the flock. He supposes this should bother him more. But Dean seems to need him, it seems to help the human to have him around, and Cas wants to help him. He likes feeling special, important to someone, instead of just another soldier. He wants to stay loyal to his Father, to do what is required of him no matter what, and he swears to himself that he will continue to do so.
Dean wondered how far down this place could go, and had the thought that weren’t the catacombs under the streets in this city, as he snuck silently through now dim passages, hand on the hilt of his new knife. Whatever had brought Cas to the bowels of this church could not be benevolent. He came upon a small arched door made of some dark wood that looked like it would crumble on impact. A wail floated towards him from the other side, reminiscent of the organ whose soulful tones had died away the deeper Dean had descended. The door didn’t crumble against his shoulder, but it did only take two hits before he was through.
“Cas, oh fuck, Cas,” he was somehow able to babble, then forced out, “Please, Cas, please touch me.
Not surprisingly, Cas was staring right back at him, his eyes wider than Dean had ever seen them, and overflowing with emotion. Dean trembled again when a tender hand smoothed across his lower back in circles. He brought his head back to center and lowered himself to his elbows for no reason he could have named.
Another wail threaded through the room, and now Dean could see it came from the ghost, who wouldn’t take his eyes off Cas. There was something not only unsettling but important about that, Dean sensed.
,” Dean snarled. “You’ll have to find another one. Or not.” And with this, he lunged at her, shoving her with all his strength towards Sam, who caught her as she let out another sharp shriek. She was held fast by the tall hunter’s strong arms, his hand covering her face against her muffled screams, proving Dean’s theory that she was not capable of fighting. With a glance and a nod between the brothers, Sam dragged her out of the chamber and down the hall.
“Cas, Baby...can I see your wings? Can you bring them out without going full out?” Dean’s eyes were wide open again, soaking in the sight of his lover above him and inside of him. He was hard as hell and of course he wanted to come, as he was sure Cas did, but there was something perfectly intimate about this exact moment right here. Which is the only way he’d been able to have the balls to finally ask something so bold of his angel.
“Get out of here then,” he said after a moment, and tossed Dean the keys. “Just don’t do anything dumber than you already have tonight.” Dean picked up his duffel bag without a reply. He deserved that. But there was one thing he wanted to know, and he spun on his heel just before he opened the door to leave.
“He’s the one that tipped me off while you were in the shower that Shane wants to press charges.” To Sam’s credit, the look he shot his older brother was doing its best to be blank instead of judgmental. “He’s tried talking him out of it but he can’t. He’ll meet up with us as soon as he’s done at the hospital.” Dean nodded, forced himself to, the sick feeling back in his stomach.
How had Cas even done it as well as he had, Dean thought, battering his own soft palate, his lips and tongue already sore. Cas could do a lot of things that humans couldn’t, he reminded himself, he was able to take pain and discomfort that a mortal couldn’t cope with. These thoughts lent a new fervor to Dean’s actions, not willing to be upstaged by an angel in the matter of blowjobs. He began working his hand up and down the other half of Cas’s cock that there was absolutely no way he was going to fit into his mouth, and the angel’s leg muscles began to tremble. Hell, he was closer than Dean had been counting on.
With the way the last chapter was left, does this one really need a summary? *smirks like Dean*
“Cas. Babe. Dude,” Dean said, not feeling like he had to ask what was going on with more than his tone of voice. Cas’s eyes sparkled, and he gave Dean the tiniest of sly smiles as his coat rippled again. Just as he began to slide his hand inside the lapel, a high pitched but quiet
“Who did you piss off last night?” Sam asked incredulously, and received a squawk as an answer. Obviously direct communication with his brother was going to be very limited while Sam tried to figure out how to fix this. He needed some help, that much he already knew, and he hit Cas’s contact entry in his phone.
and while Dean was thankful to be on his way to kill something, there was a part of him that was still back at the bunker.
“Hey guys,” Cas greeted easily. Sam huffed his amused little laugh as a mug of hot chocolate was handed to him.
Hell, Dean hated all this uncertainty but it fueled him through the rest of the drive. He dragged his feet following Sam inside, grateful to be home and craving his bed but not sure he wanted to know if Cas had really taken off. It would be all right even if he had, Dean told himself, he wasn’t a prisoner and it’s not like he wouldn’t come back. Dean was really taking this attachment thing too far. Well, he never really did do anything halfway.
As Dean settled his head back against the top of the seat, he closed his eyes and tried to take a deep breath. He opened them when he heard an annoyingly friendly warm male voice.
Cas was leaning into the man’s chest as they writhed to the beat of the music together, and one hand was settled on the back of the blond’s spiky hair. Dean watched for only one second longer, a second in which that head lowered towards Cas’s neck, before he let out a roar and charged. He was barely aware of Sam calling after him as he parted the crowd, his hat getting knocked off somewhere along the way but he couldn’t care about either. If he’d seen red earlier with that Harley Quinn, this had him barely able to see straight at all.
In fact, he wasn’t even walking any further into the map room than he already was. He was just staring at Dean with that tentative look on his face, hands in his coat pockets, and Dean was reminded of a child that had done something wrong and was going to try to ask for forgiveness. But what could Cas have possibly done wrong?
The familiar low roar of the Impala underneath him as they sped through the night was supposed to feel like home, as comforting as the blood pumping through his veins. Dean loved his baby, he really did. But right now she was taking him, mile by mile, farther and farther away from
After that first date, Cas is the naughtiest angel that Dean ever wants to meet. And he's got Dean doing something he never thought he would. Luckily Cas ends up tasting pretty good.
“I think he’s telling us to go ahead with this plan,” Sam said cautiously, and Cas sighed in defeat. The world did need Dean Winchester to be human again as soon as possible. The problem was that damn witch could be anywhere.
How could he have been so stupid? How could Cas have let himself get into a situation like that? He shouldn’t have left him alone, and now Cas was angry at him for coming to his rescue. How could he be? Clearly he’d needed help. There was no way...and here Dean had to stop his thoughts because the closest thing to punch now was his car and he would never do that.
“Dude, what the fuck?!” he got out, his heart hammering. He felt Castiel’s sigh, warm on the back of his neck, and he wasn’t sure if it relaxed his muscles an iota or made him tense up more.
A slow clapping began sounding from over by the table, where Sam was giving them a standing ovation. Dean and Cas drew away from each other to turn towards him.
“But I was mingling, Dean,” Cas returned, an edge in his voice.
“Yeah well this one’s
As he watched them that night in bed, Dean smiled lovingly at the two of them together. The kitten had grown a little already with doting care from her adopted fathers, and she had a round belly full of food that would hopefully keep her content for a few hours. She was lying pressed against Cas’s warm chest, and the angel was staring down at her with that endearing little smile on his face that Dean would never not be in love with. Cas stroked her head, making the mite purr. Her meow was still weak and wobbly, but especially in the quiet of night, her purring could fill the room and Dean admittedly rather liked how it could lull him to sleep.
Cas surprised them both with his present to Sam, though. A gift card for a dinner and movie date, and showing him the texts from the girl they’d rescued a few days ago from some vamps just over the state line. In the midst of things, Cas had happened to be the one to give her his number so she could text when the fangs were about to attack. The guys swept in and made quick work of it, and Dean had thought that the brunette was glancing a lot at Sam, but that wasn’t unusual and they’d had to head out quickly on another lead.
“I missed you too,” tumbled out of Dean’s mouth. This was getting harder, not easier, being this close, closer than he ever had been, to Cas. More, more, more, pounded through Dean’s head, and if time could stand still, it would have been. Cas’s smile grew warmer, quite as warm as the body heat between the two men. Dean’s hands had thus far been braced against the top of the backseat for balance, but they were going to start slipping, slipping down onto the angel’s shoulders, and there just wasn’t anything Dean could do about it anymore. He drew a ragged breath, and something inside him finally, blessedly, let go.
This was fun 🐓
“I should go,” came Cas’s voice from the backseat and before Dean could even finish raising his head to get a last glance at his personal kryptonite, the familiar flutter sounded, and he was gone. He’d always left a sudden vacancy behind when he’d disappeared, but this was more like a gaping, aching hole now. At least he’d announced his departure this time; that was an improvement.
Dean was torn between wanting to be a hero and trying to take a throatful of come for the first time, or backing off swiftly and trying to aim it somewhere else. As it was, when a long shuddering moan sounded from Cas and Dean could feel the thick cock on his tongue begin to pulse, he began to pull back but wasn’t quite in time. A hot burst of come splashed over his tongue as he slipped off of the head, his hand still instinctively jerking to keep Cas going. The next jet hit him on his still open lips, and the third and last was a blast from his nose to his chin.
“Uh, um, well, yeah…” he got out, then was happy to be temporarily distracted by the bartender, from whom he ordered two rum and cokes, even though he knew Cas probably wouldn’t want one. To his surprise, Cas did accept it when silently offered.
leaves, I’m fresh out. And of course, one teensy little favor,” she summed up, shrewd gaze centered on Sam. The hunter merely raised his eyebrows, waiting for the rest.
“Do not allow yourself to be tempted again, and all is forgiven.” He reached out with a hand and barely brushed it to the ghost’s head, and Dante disappeared, presumably to go sit and think somewhere else in the church for the rest of time. As soon as he was gone, Cas’s glow began diminishing and he turned to Dean, his eyes still bright but suddenly soft, no longer the angel of verdicts from on high. Just like that.
Pamela sweeps her dark hair over her shoulder, “Now what shall we do with all of you? Castiel and I can try a reading of the group, we can do individual tarot draws, or whatever the birthday girl wishes.”
Castiel frowns. He clearly wasn’t prepared to be mocked about being a lackluster conversationalist.
“I think I died and went to heaven.” Dean’s voice returning to normal octave comes through the phone.
Adam tiptoes past the entryway and is making his way to the kitchen when he spies Dean on the couch. He stops and they face each other.
What’s Up, 4 Non Blondes
Over the course of a few months, bondage turned into spanking, which then turned into paddling, and before Dean knew what hit him (literally) Crowley brought out a flogger and lit Dean up like the artificial Christmas tree in the front corner of his apartment. Coincidentally Sam had come home early for winter break his sophomore year and found his older brother passed out and tied to his own bedframe in what turned out to be the world’s worst morning after.
