“I know I’m a fucking omega, okay?” Dean whirls back around to face her. “You all keep telling me fifty times a day; it would be hard to forget it. That’s all I am to you people. An omega. Well, fuck that, at least my family cared about something other than my biology. I’m sick of this shit already. I’m outta here.”
“What?” Sam has his phone in his hand now, flicking through his contacts. “Oh, no, not really. He threatened you, I guess.”
Cain and Abaddon are nose to nose. “We’re leaving.” Cain tells her. “Come anywhere near Dean Winchester again and I will kill you. And you can pass the same message along to your friend Crowley.”
“Saying what, Sam?” Dean snaps, pacing across the room and back again. “That I’m fucked up? That my life is in the crapper? That no matter what the fuck I do, everyone leaves me?”
The dipshit with the mic is refusing to give it up though, his voice growing higher as his frustration comes through. “I heard that more than once you had to be physically restrained from attacking Marv Metatron. That the real reason he quit the movie was because you—”
Cas makes a choking noise. “She wasn’t actually your wife then, but, ah… yes, that’s what I was worried about. I should not have blurted that out. Especially if Lisa hadn’t already told you. I’m very sorry, Dean.”
Dean swallows the lump in his throat, and the last of his pride, and steps out from behind the screen. Acts as confident as he can while buck-naked.
Cas doesn’t smirk at him, but there’s a glint in his eye that amounts to the same thing. Dean grinds his molars.
“I don’t know what happened,” Dean slurs, tongue thick and slow in his mouth. He’s struggling to make sense of things. One minute he was in the car and the next the world was closing in on him. It was as though one of his nightmares had followed him straight from hell. “Shit.”
A second —maybe minutes, or hours, who the fuck knows— later and Crowley’s voice is cutting through the dark fog clouding his head, choking his lungs, blinding him.
“No,” Dean laughs. “No, it’s definitely not Gilda. It’s… he works here, okay?” Well, Benny does, and Cain apparently does, and Dean is not admitting that there is more than one alpha in his shady fantasies so it’s as close to the truth as he’s getting.
Dean flips over onto his belly without a word of complaint. Pillows his head on his folded arms and shimmies his ass for Cas’s benefit.
Dean’s heat lasts for four days. They don’t spend the entire time screwing around. Dean doubts he’d ever walk again if they did. In between the rolling waves of his heat, Cain makes sure they all eat and hydrate. Even finding the time to bake a pie so delicious the noises Dean makes while eating it leads to him sucking off three insanely horny alphas who should be conserving their energy for when Dean’s out of his mind with want. He sure doesn’t complain though. Kneeling on the kitchen floor while they tower over him, sucking down one cock and jerking off the other two, is one of the dirtiest things he’s ever done. And is such a fucking turn on, he comes without a hand on his dick when the first load of hot alpha spunk hits his face.
“Lisa?” Carmen says. “I’ve met her a few times. You know her Gordo. She and Meg own Demon Burn Gyms.”
“He needs for his marriage not to have been a damn sham for the past twelve years. He needs his wife not to be an unfaithful liar. He needs to be treated with some respect, he does not need a… a… fucking paper bag,” Cas snaps, shoving his chair back, throwing his napkin down on the table, and standing up.
“I don’t think so. You came here looking for a knot, didn’t you pretty boy? That’s the only reason omegas come slutting it up at Crowley’s.”
“But, it’s not like... like that psycho is still hunting my ass, is it?” Dean says, frustrated even though he knows Cas and Sam are just looking out for him. “We’re not at Defcon One or anything, are we?”
Unfortunately, Cas is as stubborn as a mule. All Dean’s attempts to persuade him to head home achieve is Cas throwing a bag of chips at his head and retreating to his studio.
Dean kicks a stone, flushing with guilt when it bounces across the sidewalk and dings against the side of a car. He tugs Sam’s hand, unintentionally makes him run for a few steps. “No, Sammy, don’t be stupid.”
He hasn’t had a flashback or panic attack for a few weeks now. Although he did have a tiny meltdown before his first therapist appointment a few days ago. But in the end, it wasn’t that big of a deal. Tessa seems sweet although Cas has already warned Dean, she’s a hard-ass underneath. The main thing is Dean feels comfortable talking to her. That’s a start.
Garth grins, wide and gummy and utterly guileless. “That’s me. Anything you need, man, any questions, you just ask Garth. I’m here to make your stay as comfortable and successful as possible.”
Cas sobers back up immediately. Dean’s flirty boyfriend disappearing behind his professional composure as though he’s the one slipping on a mask. Dean grabs his leather gloves and pulls them on while Cas and Sam discuss their schedule like it’s a battle plan. Dean wants to tell them to loosen up, but truthfully, he’s glad they’re both so cautious. As much as he wants to dive head first into the madness of comic-com, nerves are starting to coil in his stomach.
Dean is distracted so it takes a moment for him to notice the smoke rising from the pan on the stove and the unpleasant aroma of scorched eggs. “Jesus, Cas,” he says, bustling forward, hip-checking Cas out of the way and lifting the pan off the heat. “I thought we agreed that you wouldn’t use the stove unsupervised anymore.”
“It’s not a date,” Dean stresses. “It’s a bunch of people getting together for a few drinks. That’s all. Hey, you should come with me.”
“Hey,” Dean says, peeking into the kitchen and finding Cas hunting through the refrigerator for something Dean probably threw out.
“Perhaps they actually have some self-preservation instincts,” Cas says dryly. Dean tosses him a fittingly dirty look in reply.
Idris leans forward, elbows on the table in front of him, to talk into his mic. “I don’t know, I think Batman’s equipment is pretty bloody impressive actually.”
Dean groans dramatically, and not just because that was his third helping of pie. “What for this time?”
“You lied to my face, Sam. Straight up lied. Cas was out there with Alastair and I didn’t even know about it. What if something had happened? We’re family, we’re supposed to have each other’s backs.” Dean shakes his head. “No, y’know what? I’m not getting into this with you. It’s not the time or place.”
Without the knife to worry about, Dean’s actually not too far away from enjoying himself in a weird kind of way. Fights in bathroom stalls are a bit of a deja-vu from Dean’s misspent youth. More than once he’d hustled the wrong guy playing pool and ended up wrestling on bathroom floors far less hygienic than this.
“Oh my goodness, boys, I’m so sorry. Sebastian just has a mind of his own,” Mrs. Spangler, one of Cas’ more spry octogenarians jogs along the beach towards them.
Benny doesn’t seem to mind his oversharing though. He just smiles at Dean like he’s kind of cute. Or maybe kind of simple.
“Hey, Ash,” Dean says, removing his glasses, but leaving his hat tipped down over his face. “Don’t tell me Ellen let you out front?”
Cas stands up, pinning Dean with a glare. “Of course not. I would far rather stay with Meg and recount all the ways in which she betrayed me than stay in the home I practically built with my own two hands.”
He does wake up grinding into the mattress, his dick already awake and horny thanks to the very pleasant dream he was having of Cas holding him down and fucking him over the back of the sofa. Dean comes quickly, with a shuddering groan, before his brain can remind his dick of how fucked up it is.
Charlie grins and flicks at the brim of her hat with her wand. “Of course I do. You’re not so bad yourself, Mr. Hood. But, listen...” she spares Cas and Sam a quick glance before carrying on. “You’re not mad at me, right? I mean, I know we’ve talked about my magical tracking or, well, hacking skills.” Charlie wiggles her fingers for emphasis. “But that was on the phone. And you’re a hard guy to read when I’m in the same room as you, never mind a thousand miles away.”
“Nice,” Dean says. “I bet they have a sweet breakfast buffet, ooh, and those little chocolates on the pillows.”
Matt, the guy he’s been playing pool with for the past hour, is at the bar buying a couple of beers. He’s already down twenty bucks thanks to Dean’s skills with the pool cue, but Dean’s thinking about making it up to him soon in the men’s room with another of his skills.
“Sure.” Dean shrugs, falling into step between the two of them as they head back to the bar. Free drinks with two hot guys. Dean’s night is looking up already.
He ends up retreating all the way to his room where he jerks off so frantically he near as dammit gives himself friction burns.
Only the fact that they are still fully clothed makes the scene less pornographic than it might otherwise have been when Ellen walks in.
Despite their efforts the bedroom is still thick with the smell of sex, and satisfied alpha. Cas climbs back into bed first; Benny chuckling and slapping his ass when he clambers less than gracefully across Benny’s spread legs to lie between him and Cain.
Dean rubs at the back of his neck and fidgets with his tie again. “Yesterday was… yeah… it was… I enjoyed it. Y’all are awesome. But I… I don’t know if it’s such a good idea; me squeezing into your relationship like a third... no, a fourth wheel.”
Benny doesn’t seem put out by Dean’s dig. “I’ve been working here for five years now. I’ve learnt a bit. And it’s not like life is all roses for us alphas either, y’know. We all got our own problems. Our own prejudices to fight.”
“Hey,” Dean protests, with a wink that makes it very clear he doesn’t actually mind. “Don’t objectify me.”
Dean licks his lips, trying to work some moisture back into his mouth, his eyes not quite meeting Cas’s. “There’s something though. Something you’re not telling me.”
“I was following Alastair. Trying to figure out what he was up to. And I fucked up. He spotted me. Obviously recognized me. Jumped in his car, ran a red light at exactly the wrong time, a police car attempted to pull him over. He refused, probably thinking they knew who he was, took off like a madman and—”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m pretty sure this thing is a man-eater. I’ve spent more than one afternoon stuck in these cushions with a book. Not that I’m complaining.”
“But, I’m not… my heat’s over… and… I… we….” Dean’s never been good with words but now he seems to have lost his basic grasp on the English language.
“Don’t you roll your eyes at me, boy,” Missouri scolds, before gentling her tone again. “But no one is trying to change you. And no one thinks you’re an idiot, far from it. This experience is hard on anyone, but especially for someone like you, who’s always been incredibly independent, and who’s never had a chance to come to terms with being an omega.”
“You going to stop me?” Dean asks, bouncing a little on the balls of his feet. And god, his mood is as out of control as his sense of smell right now. His fight or flight response seems to be on red alert. “Is that part of your job? Make sure none of us make a run for it?”
Benny takes a step towards Dean, close enough that Dean can smell the sweet spice of his aftershave and the bitter beer on his breath. “If you’re sure?” Benny drawls, voice low enough to make Dean shiver. “Nothing I’d like better than to take you back home and play awhile. I’d make you feel so good, Dean, promise you that.”
“I didn’t... I didn’t mean to. It just… it slipped out. There was a man. A director. He said... he said he’d seen my work, and he could help me.”
Dean’s heart clenches. He knows Cas just means as friends, just means at least they aren’t alone. He can’t help but wish he meant something a little different. A little... more.
When he finally straightens up, he finds Cas standing in the kitchen doorway staring at him, guilt hovering in his eyes.
Dean sighs and squares his shoulders ready for another argument, but then, to Dean’s surprise, Cas stops just as they reach the door to his trailer, and exhales with a deliberation that Dean knows means he’s resetting his temper.
Dean may not always be the sharpest knife in the drawer, but he thinks Benny might have been flirting with him. And, to be honest, it feels pretty damn good.
“Not when you’re outnumbered in a place like that,” Benny points out. He’s not wrong, but Dean’s ego is too bruised to cede the point.
That’s unfortunately true. Dean’s schedule has been insane lately. Spending time alone with Cas has been problematic, time with his little niece has been nearly impossible. She’s gonna be a teenager the next time he blinks at this rate. Being able to spend the afternoon with her along with Cas, Sam and Jess has been a rare treat. And exhausting. Two-year-old’s are actual demons.
Dean shrugs his shoulders. To be honest, he’s already forgotten about Gordon. “Nothing I ain’t heard before.”
Dean doesn’t know if he makes a noise, or moves, or if Cas just senses something isn’t right, but just as the guy he’s fucking lets out the weirdest high pitched scream as he comes, Cas turns his head and meets Dean’s stare head on. A second later his eyes screw shut, his body stills and Dean knows he’s coming.
“You’ve no idea how gorgeous you are. The effect you have on everyone. Sweet Lord, Dean, you’re perfect.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean mutters. “School and I didn’t get on that well. I might have skipped some classes.”
“No,” Dean says, throwing himself at Cas, shoving him off Marv’s beaten body, and rolling them across the floor so Dean’s lying on top of him. “You’ve never failed me. Not once. You’ve always saved me. Always been there for me.”
“Three dates in one day. I must be mad. Do not rush into anything,” Ellen says, looking at Dean sternly as they come to a stop outside the door. “This ain’t a normal situation. And I ain’t saying I’m surprised because you boys are all pretty damn obvious but that doesn’t mean you have to jump into this blindly.”
Dean has never had a huge fascination with motorcycles, not until Jason Todd. He’d briefly flirted with the idea of buying one when he was a teenager, mainly because he figured he could pick one up dirt cheap, but his dad had made one of his few parental decrees and nixed the idea. Why he thought motorcycles were too dangerous but figured it was okay to routinely leave his kids alone in motels in the seediest parts of towns Dean couldn’t even begin to guess.
“Regardless, I do not think we want to go out like Butch and Sundance,” Cas notes wryly. “They didn’t exactly get a happy ending.”
Dean only allows Cas to stand up long enough to strip out of the ridiculous speedo that is straining so hard under Cas’s dick that Dean’s momentarily afraid Cas is going to injure himself taking them off.
No, Dean doesn’t have any idea where Cas’ phone is actually. Probably under a pile of dirty laundry in Cas’ bedroom. “I haven’t touched your stupid cellphone. Unlike you, I’m not that fucking petty.”
He hauls Dean up off his knees, shoves him hard against the goddamn refrigerator and jerks him off with rough uncoordinated strokes. It only takes seconds for Dean to shoot. The feel of Cas’ hand on his dick pretty much enough to set him off. Cas milks him through his orgasm until Dean has to bat his hand away, his dick sensitive past the point of pleasure.
“Cas.” Dean somehow finds the strength of will to nudge Cas back gently. They’re both breathing hard. Trembling.
“What?” Dean is pretty damn slow today because he doesn’t understand.“I’m the alpha you’re meeting first.”
Relishing in the fact that for once he feels like he has the upper hand, Dean teases, licking his spoon with far more tongue action than is ever necessary to use on a spoon. Cain stares, entranced, his eyes following Dean when he stands up and prowls towards him. He stops breathing altogether when Dean straddles his lap, wraps his arms around Cain’s neck and says. “Since the very first day I came here, I told everyone who would listen that I wanted to marry the person who made these pies. And I don’t think I’ve changed my mind.”
At least this is just a photo shoot. Dean’s not gonna lie, the first couple of times he worked with this guy, Alastair, he was seriously creeped out by the time he walked away. But it’s not like the guy actually touched him, not really. Nothing more than moving him from one position to the next, showing him what he wanted Dean to do. And a skeevy pervert taking photos of him is still better than a stinking pot-bellied greasy-haired pervert fucking him.
“I don’t possess any special powers that I’m aware of and I’m certainly no one of any great import,” Cas says.
“I hope Gordon didn’t upset you earlier, brother. I know he can be a bit of an ass when he’s had a drink.”
“My apologies,” Cas says, straightening up and trying to untangle himself from Dean and the sofa. “It was all my fault.”
“Not yet. They’ll turn up.” Cas shrugs. Which means no he hasn’t. Before Dean can suggest that perhaps if Cas tidied occasionally, he might locate them, Cas asks, “and speaking of glasses, did you schedule an eye-test, yet?”
Dean leans his head down on Cas’s shoulder. Looks out across the calm blue water of the loch. The only signs of life are a couple of otters playing in the water and the geese flying overhead. The holiday cottage that Sam found them to stay in while he recuperated is as quiet and tranquil as they come. Well, other than the dozen security personnel sharing the place with them, as well as Sam and Jess. Thankfully, the term cottage is slightly misleading. The place is big enough that Cas and Dean have managed to carve out alone time quite easily.
There’s a spur of the moment wrap party which turns out to be a lot livelier than the original pre-planned one months ago when Marv finished filming. Everyone seems a lot more cheerful, optimistic that the movie isn’t going to end up bombing miserably at the box office. Even though Dean’s drained and Cas makes no secret of the fact he wants to whisk him off home straightaway, they stay for a few hours, long enough to exchange a few words with all the crew and arrange for one of the stuntmen to drop off Dean’s motorcycle at his house. He’s     drunk a few beers and he’s tired and Cas is watching him like a hawk so he figures it’s the sensible thing to do.
“I’m sure your young man is always impeccably behaved,” Debbie says. “Even if he is a little rough around the edges.”
“What’s wrong, Castiel?” Uriel asks, spite dripping from his words, rather like the blood that is now dripping from his nose. “I’m just trying to save this poor boy from being corrupted by your sinful ways. Save him from becoming a toy for you and your alpha friends to play with. I can save his soul. Don’t you think he deserves that?”
“As I was about to say,” Marv coughs and continues, voice trembling as much as his hands, even though he tries to hide it. “Let’s wrap for the day. It’s late. And I don’t think Mr. Winchester is likely to produce anything we can use now.”
Dean, the filling in the Cas and sun lounger sandwich, grunts, the breath knocked out of him in a rush. Cas’s eyes scrunch in worry, panicked apologies rolling off his tongue until he realizes that at least half of Dean’s problem is the laughter stuck in his throat.
“Yeah,” Dean says, nodding enthusiastically now that the idea has taken root. “You should come along.”
“I’m not saying she didn’t mess up, but we all know Marv is a lying manipulative douchebag. This is obviously more his doing than hers.”
The day’s filming is cancelled, hardly surprising given the off-script drama, but considering the amount of money the studio must be spending on the director switcheroo and all the reshoots, Dean suspects the pace of filming will increase to make up for it.
“Still,” he says, not quite ready to cede the argument. “She’s your mother. She just wants a chance to make amends.”
Dean almost can’t breathe when he thinks about poor Bear, left behind, alone and sad. No one to sing to him, no one to hug. No one to love him. Dean sobs, silently so Daddy can’t hear, his shoulders shaking, face tucked against the hard-plastic side of Sammy’s car seat.
Crowley likes people to jump when he says jump and to cut when he says cut, and he has a temper that explodes at the drop of a hat, but at least he has a clear vision and is vocal about his expectations.
“Everyone apart from Marv,” Donnie says. “And his dumbass assistants, bless their little black souls. Yep, sweetie, this has been a long time coming. I hope karma smacks that jumped-up dictator right in his pug-face today.”
“Mature adults?” Dean’s laugh is bordering on hysterical. “Fuck you very much, Lisa. I want the beach house, and you damn well better tell Meg to tell Cas that…”
“It was CasSucksHisOwnBalls, actually,” Dean sneers. “And if you really want to talk about petty how about you stinking the house out with those goddamn weird cheeses? The refrigerator ended up smelling like feet!”
“Dean,” Cas says, looking more amused than angry now. “You’re lying in a pool of beer. You haven’t peed your pants.”
It’s a long afternoon. Dean spends a lot of it tied up. Stuart, bless him, unties him at every opportunity, ignoring Marv’s complaints about overpaid prima-donnas. At one point the set medic insists on dosing Dean up with painkillers and making him sit down for ten minutes with ice packs on his shoulders and wrists. Sam looms over them, scowling at Marv until the director storms off set and returns in an even worse mood.
“High standards, I see,” she smirks and walks in a circle around him. “Still, I imagine you might scrub up reasonably well with some effort. You do have a couple of rather attractive features under those appalling clothes.”
He doesn’t. Obviously. He leaves the corpses of deformed balloon animals scattered around the house for days until Cas either manages to overcome his irrational fear of balloons or asks one of his yoga pupils to pop them all for him. Dean suspects the latter.
Sam is at least apologetic. “Dean’s schedule is pretty full on. The reshoots kind of screwed up our plans. I mean, I guess I can see how much it would cost to back out of—”
“A fan?” The guy scoffs, his walk towards the stage gaining pace as two security guards close in on him. “Not of yours, you cocksucking pansy. You’re nothing but trash. No wonder your mother left and your brother hates you.”
“Funny thing is,” Dean continues, even though he should really shut up now. Apparently homemade wine has truth serum qualities that makes Dean’s mouth just keep on running. “I don’t even know if Ben
“You’ll get used to it, I promise, honey. Those blockers mess with all your senses so much, it just takes a while for your brain and body to adjust when they all come back on line. Another few days and things should even out. In the meantime, rest when you need to, hydrate, and don’t try and tough it out, take the pain meds for your head.”
It takes a minute, and a brief struggle before Dean manages to break free, scrubbing his hand across his neck to erase the feeling of Uriel’s breath on him “What the fuck are you doing, you freak?”
He knows they’re shooting on location today. He doesn’t know where the location is. Or how long it should take to drive there.
His attention is drawn back to his own humiliating situation when he feels Benny’s hands back on him, brushing down his shirt. “He doesn’t seem too seriously hurt.”
He thought he might not recognize her. That he wouldn’t be able to tell for sure if this stranger really was his mother. He thought maybe twenty-five years would be long enough to wipe away the too-brief childhood memories. He was wrong. It’s her. Like she just stepped out of his dreams. Older, but still pretty. Still the mom that cut the crusts off his sandwiches.
“Indeed,” Crowley says, slowly leading Dean towards a trailer, his arm steady around Dean’s waist despite Dean’s swaying steps. “Not your smoothest entrance, but certainly dramatic.”
No, Dean wouldn’t. He wants to stay right where the fuck he is, or walk out the door and never come back. He certainly doesn’t want to sit and chat like this is all perfectly normal. Sam nudges him though, and pulls out a couple of chairs. And Dean’s sitting, straight-backed and tight-lipped, and then there’s whisky in his hand and menus on the table and Dean still hasn’t uttered a word.
Every single one of them looks towards the owner of the voice that just spoke. Dean’s knees almost buckle from sheer relief which does make him feel, embarrassingly, like a vapid heroine in bodice ripper.
The pills kicking in and eating a breakfast of dried toast and orange juice out on the balcony chase away the rest of his nausea and the worst of his headache. Cas joins him out there, sitting beside him so he can look out at the ocean view too.
Dean feels like a kid being sent to his room, but he knows that Ellen has his best interests at heart, so he doesn’t put up any more of a fight.
“And I’m Ellen.” The woman introduces herself. “I manage this place. You’ll be working predominantly with Garth but I like to schedule regular appointments with all our residents. Just to touch base and make sure everyone is happy.”
Dean stills, his fingers clinging to the door handle and heart pounding so hard he thinks it’s trying to escape from his chest. He doesn’t know how this argument escalated so quickly. Doesn’t know what the hell just happened. His emotions are going haywire. His mouth running wilder than his imagination. And he seriously doesn’t want to know what Cas wants to tell him. Doesn’t think he can bear it right now.
At that point, Dean should admit that he stepped over a line. He should apologize. He should not regress to being a scrappy twelve-year-old with a chip on his shoulder.
Dean palms at his neck and tries, and fails, not to stammer. “But none of you even asked, or tried, or… we didn’t… you know… not even when you were knotting me.”
Cas’s possessiveness is normally a bit of a turn on for Dean. He’d never shout about it, but secretly he enjoys feeling like he’s important enough to Cas for him to care that much, and usually Cas never steps over the line into douchebag territory. Usually. He’s hovering there right now though.
Dean’s four and a half, nearly five when his mommy kisses his cheek, ruffles his hair and walks out the door, face wet and bags weighing her down.
Dean quirks his eyebrow. “You compromised? Looks to me like you cut your hair, dude. I’d say Ellen kicked your ass.”
“Everything is just freaking peachy,” Dean growls. “For God’s sake put on some damn clothes and stop dripping water all over the hardwood floors.”
“Nope.” Dean grins. “I’m awesome.” And then he takes off running, holding Cas’ hat like a trophy. Okay, so there’s maybe still a bit of a twelve-year-old inside of him.
“You didn’t even cry that much when you were a baby, Sammy, I swear. It’s not your fault. Some moms just aren’t cut out to be moms.”
Dean hadn’t been keen on the idea at first. He could pretend to get along with Meg and Cas when he had to. Short bursts of time were tolerable. Evenings together wooing business contacts usually went smoothly enough. Meg could hide her disdain for Dean for a few hours when the business depended on it. But, spending weekends, or weeks, together at a beach house… that wasn’t Dean’s idea of a fun time.
“Okay, I called Frank,” Sam confesses. “I was hacked off. You were being a martyr. Marv was being an asshole.”
Idris and Chris seem to feel the same way. The scenes they’re shooting today and tomorrow are from near the dramatic climax of the movie. And while they are big on action, that’s not what Crowley wants to reshoot. Marv’s original action shots and stunt sequences aren’t the problem. It’s the lack of humanity in his movie that’s the real issue. People need to relate to their heroes
“Maybe… maybe later,” Dean says. “When I figure out what the hell I’m doing. I’m still kinda processing to be honest.”
“I think arriving in one piece in a car would be far “cooler” than ending up as a mound of road rash in the middle of the freeway,” Cas says, finger quoting “cooler” like the gigantic dork he secretly is.
Dean’s majorly uncomfortable with Sam calling her mom; as far as he’s concerned Mary Winchester is a lot of things but a mom is not one of them.
Dean guffaws, it’s not a noise he ever recalls making before. “Okay, a) never say that again, b) if your room’s rocking it’s gonna be because there’s an earthquake and c) I swore never to go in your bedroom again after the seagull incident.” Dean shudders. “You’re very confident that your date is gonna put out this time. You sure she’s that easy?”
To be honest, the thought of wandering around comic-con incognito has lost its appeal. There are just too many people around for comfort now. And apparently not all of them are fond of him. In fact, if he didn’t still have commitments, he’d be happy to leave now. Crowley would no doubt kill him if he bailed early though.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Ellen says, later in the dining room. “I can’t imagine what got into Bela today, we’ve never had any problem with her before. Have we?”
Sam and Charlie are waiting for him when Dean walks off stage, Cas right behind him. Sam hauls him into a hug. “You alright?”
“Merry Christmas to you too, dear,” she replies, watching Cas smack Dean’s ass to dislodge a clump of sand. “I’m glad to see you boys finally got your act together.”
And then every thought in Dean’s head comes screeching to a car-crash standstill and all he can do is stare.
“I don’t want to cause trouble for Ellen.” Dean finally meets Benny’s confused look. “I don’t want to cause anyone trouble. Adler said if I went on a couple more dates with alphas who’ve paid to be on Ellen’s books then the welfare agents might leave her alone.”
“Actually,” Lisa says. “We were thinking about moving into Meg’s house for now, seeing as how it’s closer to the office. I’m putting this place on the market. I knew you wouldn’t want it.”
“You sure you ain’t a head-shrinker, Benny?” Dean asks wryly. To be honest, talking to Benny is a damn sight easier than talking to any of the people that do profess to be brain-doctors around here.
Cas make hummus. Dean tries not to laugh. The only thing Cas is capable of making in the kitchen is a mess. Dean should know; he’s tossed out two burnt-useless pans in the past week. He stands up, trying not to wince as his back twinges. “You know what, Cas? If you don’t want me touching your crap maybe you could do us both a favor and just move the fuck out already.”
Dean stops dead from where he’s pulling himself across the floor, then slowly pushes up to his feet. He turns and stares at Marv across the sound stage. Marv isn’t looking in his direction. He’s too busy tearing a strip off the poor PA right there in front of everyone. For his coffee order being wrong. The PA, Lewis, baby-faced and trembling, isn’t any older than nineteen and, if Dean is any judge, he’s about two seconds away from bursting into tears.
“Well, I’m fine, thanks for your concern,” Dean says coldly, standing up, and brushing the damp grass off the ass of his jeans. Now on a level with Benny, Dean catches a whiff of his scent for the first time. And he’s no expert but there’s only one explanation for the distinct rich tone underlying his scent. Without thinking, Dean takes a step forward and leans in closer. Benny’s scent is hard to describe, but it reminds Dean viscerally of warm summer nights spent lying on the hood of the Impala listening to the crickets and watching the stars. It’s the best thing, the most relaxing, Dean has smelled since his senses went insane. Kind of makes him want to bury his nose in Benny’s neck and settle there for a while. “You’re an alpha?”
Dean huffs and shrugs his shoulders. “Don’t know what I want, Ellen.” It’s as close to the truth as he’ll admit. What he wants is exactly what Benny, Cas and Cain are offering. The problem is, he doesn’t know if he can have it. If he should even try. Not when the chances of it blowing up, not just in his face but in everyone’s, seems so high.
“He tried to kill you, Dean,” Cas growls, not taking his eyes off Metatron who’s whimpering underneath the blood.
Dean never thought he would see Cain flustered but right then, as he licks a smear of apple filling from his lips, Cain’s cheeks turn pink. And then red. And then he sits down heavily, hands clasping the arms of his chair as he watches Dean consume every last morsel of pie.
Unfortunately, the bare facts are Ben doesn’t need him anymore. Lisa definitely doesn’t need him anymore. Sam hasn’t needed him for years. His future is a blank canvas that he has no idea how to fill.
Cas finally turns his head towards Dean. His eyes are wild though. Dean doesn’t know what he’s seeing but from his own experience he’s certain it’s not him. Not here. Not now.
friends and a job he liked. He enjoyed the stability and routine of our lives in a way that I didn’t. I knew he’d figure it out. That he’d manage.”
He does look up when the door opens, Sam’s worried expression turning to fond exasperation. He closes the door firmly behind him, leaning back on it, crossing his arms over his chest, and shaking his head at the pair of them. “Should I even ask?”
“No, that’s not what I’m saying,” Sam says, his voice wavering dangerously. If he starts crying Dean is going to flip. “And none of that shit is true. You know it’s not. I… I just think now would be a good time for you to practice a little self-care.”
Cas laughs, his warm breath tickling Dean’s neck. Then he grabs Dean’s hand and leads him back up the beach towards their house. “Come on, Dean. Let’s go home.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Benny stands up too. “I’m screwing this up, Lord, Cain told me to leave it be.”
Cain does pour Dean some wine, only half a glass, before he lifts the lids of two of the cloches. Worried that there’s something posh and foreign lurking underneath Dean grins at the burger and fries sitting on the plate. “My favorite, awesome.”
Cas is lucky Dean doesn’t have the energy to get mad this morning. Any other time he’d rant for at least twenty minutes about Cas having the nerve to touch his baby. “Got to admit, Cas,” he says, without much heat. “I’m more pissed about you messing with my car than I am about you sleeping with my wife.”
“Hey,” Cas says absently, pulling out a block of butter and glaring at it. “Any idea where the last of my Rochefort disappeared to?”
He knows shacking up with three alphas is a weird notion. People won’t understand. Alphas and omegas may be different but not that different. They settle down and they get married and they have kids.
“Well,” Dean says, after taking a deep breath and actually considering Benny’s advice. “I guess I could wait a few more days to see her again.”
“I... it...” Mary falters, her face flushing, and Dean suspects whatever she’s about to say is going to be a lie. “Believe it or not, I don’t exactly watch TMZ,” she says, smiling faintly. “And as I was saying, I spent a lot of time abroad.”
Sam smiles, leans back in his chair and steeples his fingers like he’s some kind of evil genius. “Face it, big brother, I control your life. I am the puppet master. You are mine to—”
“Listen, Sam, I’ve got to shoot. Give me a call when Lisa’s lawyers get their fingers out their asses and send you those documents. They look okay to me, but you’re the expert.”
Benny has the good sense to blush. “Okay, I won’t say it. Don’t make it any less true though. We can feel it. We’ve been happy enough, the three of us, up until now. But as soon as we met you, we knew you were the last piece of our puzzle. You’re perfect, Dean. Everything we didn’t even know we were waiting for. And we think we can be everything you need. Everything you want. If you just give us a chance.”
Cas smiles for the first time, lop-sided and weak, but it makes Dean feel like the sun has burst through a cloud.
Dean’s ass stings like a fucker when Cas eventually pulls out, collapsing on top of him. His dead weight, the final nail in the coffin for the sun lounger which gives up on life with a sudden and fatal bitter creak of complaint.
“The thing is,” Meg starts, picking up a wine glass and taking a hefty slug. “None of us are getting any younger. Ben has grown up and flown the nest. Claire is off trekking around the world. The business is… well, the business is doing amazingly actually. Profits are up and we’re thinking about adding...”
Taking a sip of water, Dean shakes his head at Crowley who’s obviously all set to answer for him. Sometimes the best way to deal with this crap is just to laugh it off. “Meltdown? I don’t know about that, man. The only thing in danger of melting on set was my junk in those leather pants. Honestly, you don’t want to know about the chafing.”
“Your stay here is entirely voluntary, Dean,” Ellen replies calmly. “I’m well aware that the government heavily encourages omegas to take the opportunity to find a mate before heat sickness becomes a problem, but the program simply won’t work unless you’re willing to actively participate.”
In other circumstances Dean would chafe against anyone telling him what to do, but even he knows when he’s had a lucky escape. Head ducked, he allows Benny to lead him out of the club, his hand low on Dean’s back. Cas and Cain following close behind them.
Before Gordon can reply, or Cas can start on the lecture about toxic masculinity, Dean suspects he’s gearing up for, Benny returns with a tray full of shots and bottles of beer. “Everyone having fun?” he asks looking around.
“They’re beautiful,” a deep voice says from behind Dean. He startles so violently, literally jumping, that he almost knocks the plant over and gives away his hiding place.
“You know what I mean?” Ash sighs, obviously remembering something Dean does not want to imagine. “The way that knot fills you just right, presses on…”
Cain holds his gaze for a moment before breaking the intensity crackling in the air, the suggestion of a smile playing on his lips. “There is perhaps just one thing you are lacking.”
He hates himself almost as much as they're going to hate him. But, maybe it’s better to put the brakes on now before things have a chance to get serious. Before promises are made. Or broken.
Ten days in and he’s won around most of the cast and crew who haven’t had the dubious pleasure of working with him before. And fired a handful of Marv’s most obnoxious supporters. If there’s anyone left in the crew who thinks Metatron was treated badly, they’re sensible enough to keep quiet about it.
Dean wants to say no. He wants to tell Sam bluntly that there’s nothing he wants less than to meet up with the cold-hearted bitch that ruined his childhood. But Sam’s looking at him with big nervous eyes and Dean doesn’t have the heart.
There are people milling about in the hallway, but it’s not an area that’s open to the general public, so Dean’s safe from being mobbed as he dashes the few steps around the corner and down the hall to the men’s room. He knows he’s not got long before Sam starts losing his shit so he quickly nudges open the bathroom window on its latch. Then hunts through his pockets for his lighter. Which of course is when he realizes he doesn’t have on his own leather jacket. It’s the cosplay one. The one that doesn’t have a lighter in the pocket.
Ellen has a handshake that almost leaves Dean wincing, and a steely look in her eyes that Dean has seen in more than one teacher in his life. If his first impression is right, Ellen is not someone to mess with.
And the fact is Cas is hot. He probably has people throwing themselves at him all the time. People that don’t have half the baggage that Dean does. Part of him would understand if Cas found someone else —a very tiny part of him— mainly, he would just be devastated.
He doesn’t give it a second thought before, discarding his towel, he draws back the covers and crawls into his alphas’ bed, the cotton sheets blissfully cool under his heated skin. Dean rolls around in the bed, soaking up the scents. He ends up lying on his belly somewhere in the middle of the mattress, his face buried in a pillow, inhaling deeply. Despite the fever now coursing through his body, the uncertainty of his first heat, Dean has never felt safer in his life.
“Hey, hold on,” the obnoxious alpha says, arms flailing in an attempt to grab Dean’s wrist. The only thing he succeeds in doing is splashing whisky all over the both of them.
“I... I’ll think about it,” Dean finally says. And he means it this time. He still doesn’t see how talking about all the shit that goes on inside his head would help, but not talking about it hasn’t exactly been working out for him either lately. Maybe it’s time he aired some of his issues. He figures he owes it to Cas, and Sam, to at least try.
“Did your Mom call you?” Dean asks, closing the refrigerator door, and deciding to rake through the grocery bags for the bottle of Jack he bought.
Ellen nods. “I’ve set her up in the private room out back. I’ll take you through. You boys want drinks?”
Cas sticks behind Dean as he storms through the house. Watches Dean grab his leather jacket and rummage through a drawer for his keys. Worry replaces the frustration in his voice. “It’s late, don’t be ridiculous.”
“I’m no one's pet, bitch,” Dean snaps, fed up with being discussed like he’s not capable of speaking for himself.
“I guess I’d better hit the road,” Dean says, after an awkward moment of silence. He grabs his bag and makes for the door without meeting his father’s eyes.
“Not long,” Cas says. “Meg and I spent much of the night talking. Or, well, arguing to be honest. Once she went to bed, I decided to come here rather than stay in the house. Would you like a hand up off the floor?”
“It wasn’t. I just wanted to see if there was any chance, any chance at all, that we could form some kind of relationship.”
He sets the coffee down on Dean’s bedside table before he leaves, shutting the door loudly so Dean knows he’s gone.
The words aren’t the kindest but Crowley’s voice is close, right by Dean’s side. He seems to know better than to touch him. Dean would probably freak the fuck out if anyone touched him right now. Like he’s not already freaking out.
“I’ll leave you boys to it then,” Crowley says. “If you want to talk you know where I am, Dean.” And then Crowley slaps Dean’s back and walks away. Only, he misjudges, by several inches and smacks Dean’s ass instead, probably just to irritate Cas. He succeeds. Cas’s eyes narrow dangerously.
Dean stuffs the last of his belongings in his hold-all and, with a little help from Sam, manages to close it without too much cursing.
He does fuss about the marks left behind on Dean’s body after the day’s brutal filming. New bruises and irritated red scrapes around his wrists. Dean is more patient than he would normally be at Cas’s motherhenning but Cas is still muttering low courses aimed at Marv when Dean crawls under the bed covers. Dean falls asleep with Cas’s arm wrapped around his chest, his head tucked between Dean’s shoulder blades and his hand over Dean’s heart.
Crowley walks back towards the trailers with them, discussing the different slant to the movie he’s aiming for.
“I better not,” Sam says. “You might be my mother. But Dean is my family. He’s the one who raised me. He changed my damn diapers and taught me my first word and stopped me from hurting myself when I learned to walk. Dean made sure I didn’t go hungry. He’s the one who took me to school and helped with my homework. He protected me from the bullies and the assholes out there who thought we were easy-pickings. And trust me, living in motels and trailer parks there were a lot of skeevy assholes. Dean sacrificed everything for me over and over again, including his own damn childhood. Christ knows, he shouldn’t have had to. But he did. Without any fucking thanks. And without complaining. So, honestly, Mary, you fuck up just one more time... do anything that might hurt him? I’ll cut you off quicker than you can say selfish bitch. Understand?”
It’s a minor miracle that he succeeds in climbing out of bed with only a disgruntled huff from Cain and a flailing arm from Benny catching him across the back of his head. Walking away from them, even to go just as far as the shower, is tough, almost physically painful. But, god, he seriously needs to clean up. Now that his heat has ended, he’s very aware of just how rank he smells.
If Dean doesn’t get out of here, he’s going to start swinging. He’s not going to be able to stop himself.
Dean almost jumps out of his skin. He probably would have slid across the shower stall floor and knocked himself out on the tiles if not for the hands that just slid around his waist, holding him steady.
“How? How the hell did the press find out?” Dean asks, only Cas’s firm touch on the back of his neck stopping him from snapping to his feet. No more than a handful of people know about Mary’s reappearance and there’s no way any of them would talk to the press. There’s only one obvious person who could have blabbed. The question is why would she? Why now?
The wedding is beautiful, if a little unusual. The fact that there are more than two people swearing undying love until death do they part might have caused some confusion to the smattering of guests, mainly older relatives, who didn’t know the whole story. But, given how happy everyone involved looks, there are few rumbles of discontent.
Ellen smacks the back of his head, not near hard enough to actually hurt. “I’m saying you’re driving these alphas demented. Now, your next not so mystery man is waiting for you in the small dining room. Do you need a breather before you go in?”
Dean does his best imitation of a goldfish. He’s not sure how he never knew that. He figures if his wife slept with her best friend’s husband, and her best friend, it’s something they maybe should have mentioned.
“And how do you like Fairdale so far?” the man asks, pressing into Dean’s personal space as though it doesn’t exist.
“You have no idea,” Crowley retorts, dry as a bone. “Are you fit to work? Or do I need to reshuffle my schedule yet again?”
“That isn’t my home anymore, Lisa. I never liked that house in the first place. I told you when you insisted we move there that it was too big and too pretentious and it felt more like a museum than a family home. Ben and I were perfectly happy in the old place. It was you who wanted a more prestigious address, so you’re more than welcome to move Meg in.”
Sam, poking at buttons on his cellphone, flashes Dean a sympathetic smile as he heaves himself off the sofa to visits the bathroom before he heads across the set. By the time he leaves his trailer, Sam is in full on professional-pissed-lawyer mode, laying in to someone on the phone.
Dean groans and runs his hand across his eyes. He’s definitely ruined any chances he ever had of having a hot threesome with Benny and Carmen. And he’s going to have to find a new gym. Again. What an absolute clusterfuck of a night.
Cas hums thoughtfully against the side of Dean’s neck. His fingers flexing against Dean’s hips, digging in so hard it’s almost painful. His voice is weird when he speaks next, dropping to a barely audible whisper. “Dean…”
Dean sticks by Crowley’s side as they walk through the club. Not out of any omega instinct to stick by his alpha but out of sheer self-preservation. Dean feels very much out of place in his casual outfit of loose-fitting jeans and a tee-shirt and though Crowley doesn’t seem fazed, every other eye in the club seems to be laser-focused on him. Judging him. The atmosphere is wired. The smell is overpowering.
“You could say that,” he replies, fingers reaching inside his jacket. Dean holds out his hand for the guy’s lighter and then blinks in surprise when he produces a knife instead.
“You goin’ somewhere, chief?” Benny asks, his expression carefully neutral. Dean struggles to meet his eyes. His hindbrain wants nothing more than to go rub up against Benny and soak in his scent. It’s a struggle not to give into the temptation.
Dean’s whining into Cas’ mouth, shaking with need when Cain starts to chase his orgasm, his heavy balls slapping loud against Dean’s ass as his pace increases. He pounds faster, harder, the bed creaking under the onslaught. Dean screams when his knot catches, his orgasm punching through him fierce enough to steal his breath, and consciousness. Again.
“Ladies, if you’ll excuse us for a moment,” Uriel cuts in, taking hold of Dean's arm and leading him towards Zachariah who’s standing watching them gleefully from the corner of the room. Dean shrugs out of Uriel’s grip before they reach him.
Cas looks so ridiculously smug that Dean would be annoyed if he wasn’t too busy being utterly charmed.
Cas shakes his head. “Am I to take it from that show of passive aggressive sarcasm and non-apologetic apologies that you two have resolved your differences?”
It might be his imagination but it’s at this point Dean thinks he sees the gleam of an idea enter Cas’ head. The tiny smirk that turns up at the corner of his lips is unsettling enough to make Dean blink.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, trying not to roll against him as the matchmaking sofa cushions attempt to squash them together.
It most definitely is for now. It’s more than he hoped for. Cas is right; neither of them is ready to dive headfirst into a serious relationship yet, not one with labels, expectations, and having to explain themselves to other people.
“Nah,” Dean says, peering out over the parking lot rather than meeting Benny’s eye. “I’m not Cas’ type.”
Dean doesn’t argue. He just hopes this new sober, calm, version of John Winchester is going to stick around for a while for Sam’s sake.
“You’re the one who wanted to do this in the first place, Sam,” Dean shoots back at him, and then feels like an ass. “Shit, sorry, that was… I didn’t mean... let’s just get this over with, okay?”
Stuart unties Dean’s ankles first, fingers deftly unraveling the knots he tied hours ago. When he’s sure that Dean’s got his feet steady below him, Stuart grabs a box to stand on so he can undo the straps around Dean’s wrists.
Cas still isn’t a fan, but other than throwing Crowley the occasional stink-eye, he behaves when he’s hanging around with Dean on set. That’s not as awkward as it could be because Cas apparently has more important things to do than waste his days with Dean right now.
The oppressive heat hits Dean when they walk back inside. And the noise. Christmas pop music is blaring from the jukebox and there’s a crowd of folk on the dance floor.
“You might not, Dean,” Sam argues, although he sounds more hopeful than convinced. “Recent studies have shown that only around half of omegas who don’t mate before they reach full adult maturity get sick. Some omegas manage perfectly fine on their own. They…”
And while he respects that, he wishes he’d had at least a say in how justice should be meted out to Alastair. That Cas had talked to him about it instead of wrestling with the decision on his own.
“Call me,” Sam says, wrapping his octopus arms around Dean for a last hug before he shoves him towards the security line. “And think about using that dating app I downloaded on your phone.”
Dean sighs. “It’s fine. It’s not like you're wrong, I guess. Just, give me a chance to assimilate, okay?”
Cas shoulders Benny out of the way to finish picking the shards of glass off Dean’s clothes himself. “Apart from the head injury your friend is responsible for you mean?”
Dean tries to stay relaxed, tries not to bristle at the way Sam so casually calls her Mom, but his fingers tighten around Cas’s all the same.
Benny’s smile unfreezes, melting into one less shell shocked and more genuine. “Of course not, brother. The more the merrier. Come on and let me introduce you to the group.”
Dean sighs. “She would have managed fine without me. But, I always wanted to be a dad, y’know. Figured I could do all the things my old man never did for me. Actually give a shit about the kid. Turn up to school concerts and baseball games and teach them how to ride a bike and shave properly. Not if the kid turned out to be a girl obviously. But I would still have taught a girl how to pitch a baseball and throw a punch.”
It’s not like he presented as an omega overnight. It wasn’t some sudden revelation that crept up on him like a bogeyman when puberty hit. Dean grew up knowing he was an omega. They test every kid these days just after birth so there are no nasty surprises later on. And also, Dean suspects, so the government can keep tabs on them. Frankly, he’s surprised they don’t just tag all the omegas and alphas, or print a damn barcode on the back of their necks. At least that would be more honest than the secret files Dean’s heard they keep.
Cas tellingly doesn’t argue that point, his gaze briefly wandering somewhere over Dean’s shoulder before snapping back. “Even then, you should have called Sam.”
“Quid pro quo, Clarice.” Dean does his best Hannibal Lector impression. From Cas’s side eye, he’s less than impressed. Perhaps the timing isn’t quite right. It’s only been two weeks since Dean was very nearly gutted by a psychopathic stalker after all. “Too soon?”
Dean’s been asked inappropriate questions before but that one really does leave him gobsmacked. A low murmur of disapproval runs through the hall.
Trying not to let Sam see how upset he is about his departure now that it’s very much happening, Dean claps his brother on the back and forces a smile on his face.
They bicker lightly about Dean riding his motorcycle home. Cas thinks he’s too tired to risk it. Dean argues that the ride would keep him awake. They’re still talking about it when Dean slips walking down the steps from his trailer and is only saved from face-planting by Cas’s cat-like reflexes. Dean concedes that Cas could be right and him being too tired to ride his bike.
“We have Comic-con in a few weeks, darling. I need you there. And on top form. We need to sell this movie to the masses.”
That does sound like a pretty good idea. Sitting back down, turns into more of a controlled fall, as the ground sways up to meet him. If Benny hadn’t been there with a steadying hand, Dean would have ended up face-planting.
He rides for miles, concentrates on nothing but the tarmac in front of him and the gentle roar of the engine beneath him. Constants he can rely on.
Daddy doesn’t come home for a long time. Not until Dean’s tummy hurts so bad he thinks he might throw up and Sammy’s face is red from screaming. Dean can’t get him to stop. Not even when he climbs up into the crib beside him, holds him tight, wipes the snot from his cheeks and sings the way Mommy does.
“Charlie,” Dean hisses, spotting Benny walking towards them from the door of the dining room. “I’m not messing up someone’s relationship just because my nose is defective. Just drop it, okay?”
Dean rolls over onto his back, his legs splaying wide. “Need you,” he says, his hand skimming down his stomach towards his dick. “Please, alphas.”
But truth be told, Dean wanted the bastard cold and dead on a slab. And he would have happily put him there himself. That callous sonofabitch murdered his father in cold blood. Left him to rot in back alley dumpster. Alastair was a monster, nothing more. Dean thinks that if he’d had a gun in his hand, if he’d had the opportunity, he could have pulled the trigger and lived with the consequences.
Sam’s switch from business manager to kid brother is perceptible. He shuffles his feet, and runs his fingers through his hair in a poker-tell that he’s never been able to hide. “Listen, Dean, before we go, can we talk for a few minutes?”
And this is why Dean wanted Lisa to be the one to tell Ben. He knew he’d end up having to defend Lisa and what she’s done even though it’s the last thing he wants to do. What else can he do though? She’s still Ben’s mom.
“No, absolutely not.”  Dean won’t have his and Lisa’s problems fuck up Ben’s future. That’s the exact opposite of what he wants for his son. “You’ve dreamt about this for years, kiddo. And you love it there, don’t you?”
Abaddon throws her head back and laughs. “Oh darling, don’t worry. You couldn’t hurt me if you tried.” Then her hand is around his neck, her thumb digging in under his chin, squeezing against his windpipe and her leg pushing between Dean’s thighs.
“I’m thinking the sooner we get back to yours, the sooner we can get this party started,” Dean says.
Dean sits up far enough that he can press a kiss to the corner of Cas’s mouth. “It's what you love about me.”
“I don’t know if I do like him,” Dean says, honestly. “But he’s not dull. And he hasn’t tried to get all hot and heavy.”
He pats Cas’s hand before he pulls away, turning to look out the window. “So, Charlie, what did she find out? This letter... it’s for real?”
The alpha blinks stupidly. “Well, that’s ridiculous. You don’t even know me. I might be the alpha of your dreams.”
“Yes, Dean. I was observing him. Obviously, we planned on calling in the authorities, but we needed to figure out what he was up to first and after everything it was.... well, it was tempting to handle the situation myself.”
“Good God,” Cas yells, something else he never does. “You still talk about him like he was some kind of superhero. He was a pathetic excuse for a grown man who couldn’t face his responsibilities. He’s the one who dragged you around the country for no good reason. He’s the one who left you without enough food or money. He’s the one—”
Lisa shrugs, but Dean can tell she’s not as confident as she’s pretending to be. “Honestly, I wouldn’t blame you for being mad enough to take me to the cleaners. I figured Sam might have hooked you up with one of his law-school buddies by now. I bet he’s mad.”
Anyway, Dean’s waiting in what is apparently the conservatory for his date to show up. Even if he hates them on sight, he’s supposed to spend at least an hour or two getting to know them. The alpha has to get his money’s worth. Because oh, yes, the alphas pay a fee to be on the registry at each Den and apparently that secures them a date with every omega the Den thinks may be compatible.
He scoots down even further in his seat, his shoulders hunched up around his ears. And then he does what he always does when he feels backed into a corner: he goes on the offensive and let’s his mouth run away from him. “Yeah, well, how was I supposed to know Crowley was a dodgy motherfucker? The Den set me up with him in the first place. And it’s what I’m supposed to be doing isn’t it? Hunting out a suitable alpha that’s willing to fuck me into place. I was just doing what y’all wanted.”
“Nah,” Dean says, giving Cas’ ass a helpful shove up from the sofa and then accepting a more polite hand from a red-faced Cas to haul him to his feet. “It wasn’t Cas’ fault. He was being a good little alpha and protecting me from the man-eating sofa cushions.”
Breakfast consists of crappy coffee in his room. He doesn’t want to see Charlie in the dining hall. His stomach is too messed up to even consider eating anyway.
Dean just waves his hand. He’s not that bothered to be honest. “Don’t worry about it, Cas. It’s not a big deal. I knew Lisa was pretty wild when I met her. She likes sex. And she liked lots of sex back then. It’s cool. It’s not like I was a blushing virgin when we met.”
Dean groans around his next mouthful of pie and the next. Cain stands and watches, his eyes turning dark and scent growing thick.
“Come now, Dean,” Crowley says, stopping once they reach the bar. “I thought you were broad minded.”
The worst thing is, he’s sure Benny is right. Crowley is a slippery son of a bitch, and Dean doesn’t exactly trust him, but fuck it… he’s fun to hang out with. And, Dean figures, that’s pretty much as good as a crappy omega like him can hope for.
“Of course I did. Your dad loved you. He was a good father, and so much better with you than I was. He had friends in Lawrence,
“Hey, bud,” he says, opening the refrigerator door and glaring at all the crap Cas has stuffed it full with. “How’s it going? Hooked up with any hot English chicks yet?”
Ignoring the car outside and the security guy hurrying after him, he storms down the sidewalk until he finds a store that sells cigarettes and matches.
Being caught between the two alphas, consumed so completely, is the hottest thing Dean has ever experienced, especially with Cain talking them through it. Telling Dean how pretty he is, how special, how good he is. Cas is boneless beneath him, his come still leaking from Dean lips, by the time Benny finally shoves his knot in Dean’s hole and ties them together.
“Jesus, Dean, shut up and let me tell you, okay!” Sam’s rattled, pacing the width of Dean’s kitchen now. Dean takes a long drink to stop from snapping back.
“She’ll get over it,” Cas assures Dean, slapping him on the shoulder before he walks away. Leaving his plate beside the sink.
The thought of hitting the chaos of the press room doesn’t enthuse Dean. He’d happily spend the rest of the day draped over the bike for the photographer rather than deal with that bullshit. Even though they’re here to talk about the movie, he’s bound to be hit with more questions about his mom and Sam than the Red Hood.
“No,” Dean reassures him. “I’m at the beach house. I was planning on staying here. At least until we get this divorce sorted out. Hopefully longer.”
“Fuck you,” Gordon snarls, poking Dean hard in the chest. “Don't need a pansy like you telling me what to do.”
“Why did you come here then?” Dean asks, shrugging away from Cas as he opens his trailer door. He stops short when he sees Sam sitting on his sofa. It’s not his brother’s presence that’s disconcerting, it’s his expression. The haunted shadow of his eyes.
“Okay,” Sam says, calm and reasoned, like he didn’t spend years asking Dean why his mom didn’t love him. “Okay. I think we all need to take a breath.”
“I don’t know who the hell that talentless dickhead thinks he is,” Sam rants as Dean watches on bemused. It’s not often that Sam rants. And usually when he does it’s at Dean, so this is kind of entertaining. “It’s like he thinks we’re fucking amateurs. Does he know how hard the studio begged you to do this? Does he know how much they’re paying you? Does he really think he can threaten me?”
“Maybe,” Dean says. “But there’s excitement and then there’s getting booted out of the Den for breaking all the rules.”
Dean flinches at the name even though he tries his damnedest not to. Crowley doesn’t miss it. He doesn’t miss anything.
“You’re welcome to the pathetic bitch,” Abaddon sneers, backing down now that she’s outnumbered and out maneuvered.
Dean bites his tongue. He said he’d do this and he will. A few hours listening to Uriel’s sanctimonious bullcrap won’t kill him.
“Well, it’s not like I made it easy for you,” Dean admits, a rueful smile twitching valiantly at his lips.
“You fixed it?” Dean asks. He had faith in Sam but sometimes even Sam can’t work miracles with the Hollywood suits.
Meg and Lisa agree to sign the beach house over to Cas and Dean leaving them to decide what to do with it further down the line. Whether they sell up completely or buy each other out remains to be seen, but, oddly enough, after a very rocky start, they’re managing to cohabitate quite happily together.
Dean nods his head, his neck stiff, joints popping. He opens his eyes, huffs out a breath. Gradually, he grows more aware of his surroundings: the almost fetal position he’s drawn himself into on the ground. Slowly, knees aching, he pushes himself upright, stumbles to his feet. The effort leaves him exhausted.
“Two manhattans.” Crowley instructs the bartender, not bothering to ask Dean what he wants. “I don’t just own sex clubs. And Ellen certainly isn’t aware of the more illicit side of my business ventures. Just like Ellen is unaware of your presence here tonight.”
Even Cas shares a confused look with Dean halfway through her rambling. All Dean can do is shrug his shoulders in response.
“Look at it this way, Sammy,” Dean tries. “After seventeen years of sharing with me, you finally get a bedroom to yourself. That’s a solid silver lining right there.”
“Maybe you did something wrong? Maybe you peed in the bed like I did last month. Daddy got pretty mad about that.”
Daddy says it’s too late, Dean, we can’t go back now. Don’t be a baby. You’re too old for stuffed toys and fairytales.
“Because,” Dean says, turning his back on Cas now while he looks for his jacket. “Because he wants to kiss and make-up and play happy families with someone who abandoned us when we were kids. And I don’t want that cold-hearted bitch anywhere near me.”
Benny drops down beside him, staying silent for long enough that Dean’s nausea begins to fade and his headache slowly eases, the meds finally kicking in. “Sorry,” Dean says, sheepishly. He figures he might have overreacted just a bit. “I’m not usually this much of an asshole.”
“I hate being an omega,” Dean huffs, sounding like a petulant three-year-old. He’s mortified, even more so knowing that everyone here can probably sense his embarrassment now as well.
Jason is on his own, escaped from his bonds, the Joker gone with bad guy cackle and flair. Jason has to make it out of the warehouse before the Joker’s bomb blows the place to smithereens. He only has seconds, and he can’t do anything but crawl, his legs smashed, his chest bleeding in too many places to count. It’s a futile endeavor. He’s too slow. The warehouse too big. The bomb counting down too fast. He’s dying one way or another. Unless Batman shows up in time. He won’t.
“I emailed her last night, and she emailed back, like straight away. She asked if we could meet up. At the end of next week.”
“I can get up myself,” Dean grumbles, slapping away both Benny and Cas’ hands when they start poking at him. “Dude hits like a six-year-old girl.”
Dean swallows a nervous lump in his throat, flexes his hands and shifts on his feet. The two guys track his movements. “You seriously think you’re gonna get away with this? That no one here’s gonna notice this kind of commotion? That Crowley won’t see what’s going on?”
Dean stares after Benny as he leaves, turning back and winking at Dean as he heads towards the bar. An indecent proposal isn't quite what Dean was expecting tonight. But he can’t say the idea of a threesome with Benny and Carmen isn’t fucking hot.
“Just because they didn’t smell right to you, doesn’t mean you didn’t smell like heaven to them, Dean,” Benny explains. “Can I ask. What do I smell like?”
They stay stuck in a silent status quo until Cas eventually removes his hand from the door and takes a step back giving Dean a clear choice. It’s almost a full minute until Dean feels calm and in control enough to turn around and meet Cas’s eye.
Dean rubs anxiously at the back of his neck. “I… what happens now?” He eventually manages to choke out.
Dean stays silent for a moment. Truth be told, he was going to suggest the same thing but he reckons Cas deserves to sweat for a minute or two after what he did to Baby. “Sure,” he says, eventually, having drawn out his pause for long enough to satisfy even a Simon Cowel production. “I guess we’ve both got enough to deal with right now without worrying about finding itching powder in our pants.”
As it is, baby Grace Winchester is born a very healthy seven pounds despite her premature appearance. Dean bites the bullet, doses himself up with Valium, and flies out to welcome his niece. Thankfully, she takes her pretty looks from her mom, although she has a head of crazy hair that only her dad can be responsible for. Dean is smitten as soon as he sees her. She’s as placid and perfect as any baby can possibly be.
“Did you know,” Cas is saying from where he’s sitting cross-legged on the floor. Dean isn’t sure how he got down there. He’s also not entirely sure how he ended up sitting beside him. “That I once had a threesome with Lisa and Meg?”
The worry in Cas’ eyes immediately disappears. “I’m not sure about massages but I hear that certain best friends with hot monkey sex benefits who live together and don’t even think about sleeping with other people do give free yoga lessons. That might be beneficial to certain other whiny best friends.”
Dean sits up when he hears his publicist’s voice uttering curses from the other side of the line. Cas’s hand stays a comforting weight on the back of his neck, but Dean can feel the tension growing in his touch.
Dean’s stomach is twisting, nausea swirling in his guts. “I’m not going to a fucking headshrink, Cas. I’m not crazy.”
Cas, of course, immediately grabs the breadbasket and clutches it to his chest. “Speak for yourself, Winchester. Some of us work out enough that we don’t have to deprive ourselves of carbs. And may I have a real beer, please,” he adds, winking at the waiter. “You know,” he says, once the waiter has gone, leaving Cas with the damn breadbasket. “There are carbs in beer too.”
“What’s going on with you, anyway? You drop off the fucking radar, come back looking like you haven’t slept for days and spoiling for a fight.”
“So, what... I should thank her for walking out? Just because everything turned out peachy? Sure, ‘cause whatever. It doesn’t matter that I never had a childhood, right? That I had to explain to Sam why our mom left when I didn’t know myself. That some days I had to steal bread and peanut butter just so we wouldn’t starve. It doesn’t matter the shit I had to do just to make sure we survived.”
It’s Cas’s turn to snort this time. “Gabe would rather eat his own eyeballs than have anything to do with our family.”
It’s good. Refreshing. Dean closes his eyes and just takes in the stillness. The lack of noise. Let’s it wash over him.
It takes all Dean’s willpower not to rub his crotch through his straining pants. Because watching this is bad enough. Watching while touching himself is too far even for Dean’s shady morals.
“No,” Dean squawks, backing away when Cas starts to walk towards him, his (sizeable) dick swinging between his thick thighs. He’s slightly ashamed to admit he outright turns and flees, practically running up to his room with his face burning. Dean is not a prude. He’s not. But wandering around buck naked in front of people is not okay.
“Great.” Dean forces a smile onto his face. “He’s loving it.” He’s loving it so much that he barely has time to call once every other week. Not that Dean’s brooding about it.
“I’m pretty good at that,” Dean replies, looking out over the pond where the ducks are still glaring at him. “Upsetting people.”
“I just don’t want to see you get hurt,” Charlie says. “Can you honestly imagine Zachariah and the suits down at Omegas Welfare Services being okay with this? Even if it was just Benny or Cain it would be bad enough with them working here, but them, you and Cas? Zachariah is going to pitch a fit.”
“I know it sounds trite,” Ellen admits. “But unless you fully participate in our program, the chances of a successful outcome are slim.”
It’s the first thing Dean says to Sam. And it does at least stop his brother’s furious rant before he really works himself up.
Honestly, he’s starting to come to the conclusion that he’s just not cut out for this dating malarkey.
Although he’s gentler than both Benny and Cas, and although Dean’s hole sure isn’t as tight as it was eight hours ago, Dean’s breath catches in his throat when Cain pushes his dick in. It feels like the stretch is never ending, like Dean should be able to fucking taste Cain’s dick by the time he’s balls deep. Cain holds himself still for a minute, Benny and Cas whispering words of praise against Dean’s skin, stroking his cock back to full hardness where it fell limp from the throbbing pressure of Cain’s porno alpha dick shoving inside of him.
Dean ignores him. He’s fine. Just a little stiff. Bending himself into knots in one of Cas’ yoga classes definitely wouldn’t help. In fact, it would probably put him in the Emergency Room.
Sitting down at the kitchen table, and pouring himself a generous drink, Dean thinks about calling Jess. Can only imagine what his brother’s wife might have to say to him. Pictures the anger screwing up Sam’s mouth when he walked away.
“Well, tell that to my hormones,” Dean says, picking up his bag. “It’s not like I chose for this to happen right now. You’re the one that told me to stop taking my suppressants.”
Dean’s still new to reading scents, and he can be a little nose-blind at times, but even he can smell the embarrassed panic that Cas is radiating. His own shyness immediately takes a backseat in response, and he relaxes, his shoulder brushing soothingly against Cas’.
“Damn right they are,” Dean says shortly, now highly suspicious that this alpha is perving on his friend. And okay, perhaps a little jealous that yet another alpha has fallen for Charlie’s admittedly awesome charm. “And they’re together. Kind of. I’m sure Charlie isn’t up for any more alpha’s chasing her around anyway. Not that
“You know we have a cleaner to do that?” Cas comments when he walks past Dean who’s down on his hands and knees trying to remove a faint stain from the living room floor. He actually thinks it might have been there since Claire and Ben decided they were both wizards and made a potion that had turned their hands, feet, and the floor green. He never had found out exactly what they’d put into it.
He forces himself to turn around and do his brother the decency of meeting his eye. “And you want to? You want to meet her?”
Before Dean can protest, yet again, that he’s far from a virgin, thank you very fucking much, or, as he really wants to do, punch Zachariah in the throat, Cas advances on the agent.
It takes a minute for Garth to spot Dean where he’s sitting moping on the floor. His eyes skim over Dean’s half-packed bag before they land on him. “Hey, Dean I thought I’d check in on you. We missed you at breakfast. And lunch.”
“Just a quick shower,” Cain says. “I promise it will help. It’s going to be a long few days, Dean. You need to pace yourself. Here, I’ll show you the way.”
It takes a second for that to break through Dean’s concentration. And another second for it to sink in that Marv just ruined a take he wasn’t even watching to yell at a kid for messing up his coffee order.
To be honest, Dean hasn’t actually ever seen an omega doctor. But he doesn’t see any problem with that, not when their family doctor has always been perfectly happy to keep him supplied with suppressants and blockers.
Dean shrugs. He doesn’t want to seem like an ungrateful asshole, but he’s not going to lie either. “Well, the food is awesome, but I’m not really a party kind of guy.”
Benny nods. “Your senses are kicking in, huh? Don’t worry, you ain’t got nothing to be scared of with me.”
Dean shuts both Cas and his own over-thinking brain up by licking a broad stripe up Cas’s dick and then sucking it into his mouth.
“Ben, bud, I’m as hurt as you are, trust me.” Hurt, betrayed, and downright devastated. “But think about how unhappy your mom must have been to do something like this.”
Zachariah blusters and stutters trying to come up with a retort. Dean shoots him a smug grin from over Cas’ shoulder. If he didn’t like the nerdy alpha before he sure does now. (Okay, admittedly he did before but he likes him even more now.)
Giving up on his packing for a second, Dean sits down beside his little brother, and throws an arm over his shoulder. “Sammy, if you’ve reached seventeen and still think life is fair then you’re either really damn lucky or really fucking dumb.”
The spoonful of buttery pastry that melts in Dean’s mouth confirms that Cain is indeed the magical baker that Dean has been swearing himself to ever since his first taste of pie in the dining room.
Usually Dean would attempt to lighten the mood, but his patience and energy are stretched thin. It’s taking all his restraint not to go full on Brando, step into the Red Hood’s shoes and punch the director in his oily face.
“You should know,” Dean says. Sam’s a lawyer himself after all. Although he’s a defense lawyer so Dean likes to think he’s got a few more scruples than divorce lawyers.
Common sense tells him it isn’t. That it can’t be. That this asshole’s voice doesn’t sound anything like the nasally words Alastair still hisses in Dean’s nightmares.
“Coffee,” Dean grunts back. Cas rolls his eyes, and walks away, hopefully to switch on the coffee machine.
Dean cuts her off sharply. He knows a bullshitter when he hears one. “Is it money? Do you need cash?”
Dean has to swallow a lump in his throat himself. Cas’s hand squeezes at the back of his neck. Sam looks at him, and nods, his mouth a firm line and an apology in his watery eyes. In the fucked-up mess that’s their lives that’s one of the nicest things that Sam has never said to him.
Dean shakes himself when he realizes that Cas has pulled away and is staring at him uncertainly. His lips are tingling and his heart is racing. “More than,” he croaks, finally letting go of the pan in his hand and grabbing onto Cas’ tee-shirt instead.
Dean is saved from any deep and meaningful lecture by the appearance of Benny. And good god, the scent of these three alphas combined is almost too much for Dean to take. He’s surprised half of the room isn’t fainting right now.
Dean hums contentedly, and relaxes back into Cas’s arms. “You think we could steal the bike? Ride out of here like Butch and Sundance?”
Dean tugs at his hair in frustration. “I can’t explain, Ellen. Will you just trust me when I say that I have to do this?”
On his own at last, Dean closes his eyes, and does some of the stupid breathing exercises Cas has been trying to teach him. Thanks to his therapist, Cas is into mindfulness and some douchie yoga crap, and although Dean thinks it’s ninety percent bullshit, he’ll take any help he can right now. Playing Jason Todd is awesome, but it’s also a mindfuck. The dude has too many issues that Dean can relate to. Mommy issues, daddy issues and a knowledge of life on the streets that Dean doesn’t particularly want to remember in any great detail.
Okay, Dean apparently still isn’t over that. Good to know. He scrubs his hand across his face. He’s tired. Not just stayed-up-all-night-and-watched-the-sunrise tired, but bone-deep-want-to-sleep-forever tired. He does not have the energy to talk about his feelings right now. Suppression is a healthy coping method too, right? It’s worked for him for years.
He doesn’t exactly leap out of bed, but he does at least make the damn thing once he’s up. Then, as soon as hears Cas leave the house to teach one of his classes down on the beach, he swims a few laps of the pool, and that actually makes him feel a little less
“So,” Dean says, enjoying himself despite Sam groaning from behind him. “The fact that the Red Hood is the main star of this movie doesn’t bother you then? You don’t feel... threatened... in the manhood department?”
Dean decides that it’s time to step in before Cas’ big mouth runs away with him altogether and divulges any more of Dean’s secrets. “Anyway,” he says, discreetly elbowing Cas in the ribs. “I hope you don’t mind me bringing Cas. His plans changed and I didn’t want to leave him alone in the house on Christmas Eve.”
In retrospect, if he’d acted quicker instead of stopping to think, he probably would have been okay. But he wastes precious seconds figuring out where the hell the closest exit is, and by the time he decides which way to make a run for it two burly guys have appeared, flanking Abaddon.
Eventually Adler decides to ignore Cas’ question completely, zeroing in on Dean instead. “So, no luck bagging an alpha yet, Deano?”
“You’re deluded,” he spits at Uriel. “I don’t know what the hell you were expecting to achieve by parading me in front of your cult-friends but I’m telling you now, we’re not compatible. I’d rather mate with a goddamn moose than you and frankly a moose would probably smell better.”
“Me,” Dean says, twisting his neck so he can look up at Ash. “I’m the problem. I don’t even know why. What’s wrong with me? I know I’m not exactly a stereotypical omega, but it’s not like many of us are. You aren’t. Charlie isn’t. Becky… Becky kind of is. But god, if y’all can find a match, why can’t I?”
Dean storms out of the church hall, very aware of the gasps and shocked stares following in his wake.
Dean’s resolution to sort out his life gets off to a slow start. He browses college courses online which leaves him confused, overwhelmed, and with even less of a clue of what he wants to do now than he had when he was twenty. Next, he searches half-heartedly for jobs. He’s not surprised when it quickly becomes apparent he’s unqualified for anything he finds remotely interesting. If he needed the money he wouldn’t mind waiting tables again, but, he knows for a fact he wouldn’t be able to take half the shit from pissy customers that he used to. Not when he isn’t relying on decent tips to survive.
Dean didn’t know how he’d feel setting eyes on his mother for the first time since he was nearly five years old, but he definitely didn’t expect to feel this overwhelmingly angry.
“I promise I ain’t trying to stop you from splitting, but you don’t look so hot. You want to sit back down for me?”
Benny grins at him in agreement. “You know a few of us get together on Christmas Eve for drinks and dinner at a local bar. Gordon, Carmen, some of the regulars from here here at the gym. It’s nothing fancy but we have a good time. It would be great if you came along?”
“Well, it’s not like I’d have much room to talk seeing as how I’m bi.” Dean’s aiming to sound laissez-faire but is betrayed by his nervy pink-cheeked blush. It’s weird saying that aloud. Dean hasn’t told anyone he’s bi since he told Lisa. The only other people who know are Sam (and presumably Eileen because Sam can’t keep a secret from her to save himself) Aaron Bass who Dean exchanged sticky handjobs with back in senior year, and the dude he blew at a college party. His dad definitely didn’t know. That was one argument Dean wanted to avoid for as long as possible; that turned out to be forever.
And then Benny’s mouth is on his and Dean shouldn't be surprised but he is. It’s been so long since he’s been kissed, even longer since he’s been kissed like this, with passion and want, with hunger, that Dean lets himself sink into the heat of it.
This is far from the first time Cas has suggested it. Especially over the last few weeks. Usually Dean dismisses the suggestion out of hand. This time he doesn’t.
“No,” Dean says, throwing back the last of his whisky and slamming the glass down on the table. “I’m not.”
“Straight away,” Ellen replies, without beating around the bush. “The drugs can take some time to work their way out of your system, especially the suppressants if you’ve been on them for any length of time.”
Dean steps out from his dark corner. Now that Zachariah’s scuttled off, he might as well stop hiding. And he could use another drink. Cas sticks by his side as Dean makes his way to the small bar beside the buffet table.
Idris seems to feel the same way, hauling Dean into a rough hug and grinning widely. They exchange ‘good jobs’ and ‘nice work’ with an apparently mutual sense of giddy relief.
And that’s fair. Raising Ben wasn’t a chore. He was the center of Dean’s goddamn universe for eighteen years.
Dean wracks his brain, the whole way to the next room, trying to remember when she managed to video him singing karaoke.
“Sure, you are.” Dean turns off the stove and looks dubiously at the blackened scrambled eggs stuck to the bottom of the pan before turning his head to look at Cas. Cas who is pressed to his side and who twists his head to glare back at him.
“Ben’s been trying to call you,” Claire informs him unnecessarily loudly. “I told him you were probably just passed out in a drunken coma but he was worried. Probably thinks Pops has finally snapped and smothered you in your sleep. Or stabbed you to death with one of his paint brushes. Or maybe yoga’d you to death. Anyway, I told him I’d call Pops and get him to check up on you. Although, I guess if he had brutally murdered you, then he wasn’t the right person to do the checking up.”
Dean startles, so lost in thought he hadn’t heard anyone approaching him. Didn’t even scent them. Although perhaps that’s because Benny is standing a distance downwind so that he didn’t.
“And what about Cas?” Dean all but shouts down the phone. “When you were planning this out, where the hell did you figure Cas was gonna go?”
“You did try,” Dean says. Because he has thought this over, and when he’s honest with himself he knows he’s been avoiding serious conversations with Cas and Sam for weeks now.
He isn’t generally known as Mr. Sociable and attending a ‘mixer’ sounds like his own personal nightmare. And of course, he’s been on his suppressants and blockers for years. Coming off them isn’t something he’s looking forward to.
“Darling, my ego is entirely deserved. I’m good looking, incredibly successful, rich, suave, sophisticated and generously endowed. Most people would sell their souls to be me.”
“No,” Dean says, forcing his voice to remain equally calm even though he feels as though Cas has just punched him. He takes a long draw from his cigarette, his hand shaking hard, flicks the ash into a dirty cup. “It’s mine. Thank you for the reminder.”
Given his argument with Sam, and yesterday’s clusterfuck, Dean didn’t think to tell anyone about the last-minute change to the shooting schedule so the security guys who are on babysitting duty today aren’t due for another couple of hours. It shouldn’t bother him. He didn’t even officially have security until a couple of years back and all he does is complain about them hanging around, treating him like a defenseless kid. It still feels strange to leave without them.
“I am not a freaking virgin,” Dean snaps back at her. “I haven’t been a virgin since I was in high school. Not. A. Virgin.”
The only bright point had been coming around after he’d (manfully) passed out to find Cas practically cuddling him against his chest. He can still remember how nice Cas smelled. How safe he felt with Cas’ arms wrapped around him. He doesn’t say that though, because contrary to all previous evidence, he does possess a brain to mouth filter which is now fully operational.
When he gets to the studios, Dean’s still smiling just thinking about Cas’s fingers wrapped around his wrists, his teeth scraping down the back of his neck. And if Cas’s cute little smirk is anything to go by, he’s feeling pretty pleased with himself too.
“Actually,” Dean says, glancing down at his chest. “I think I might be burning. You mind helping me rub on some lotion?”
“Well then, why are you here? This alpha I’m supposed to be meeting need a security escort? Is that for his safety or mine?” Dean’s joking but Benny crosses his arms across his chest and frowns. And boy, the way his shirt pulls tight over his shoulders combined with the dark look he shoots Dean is ridiculously hot. As if Dean didn’t have enough trouble not acting like a scent-addled moron every time Benny was nearby.
“Which is admirable,” Cain says. “But you do not always have to. You can allow other people to help.”
Dean watches like a creeper, open-mouthed, and cock inappropriately hard. He can’t make out details, shouldn’t want to for fucks sake. But he can hear the guy underneath Cas moaning every time Cas slams into him. And then the dude starts up a running commentary like he’s starring in a porn flick.
raise him. You have been his brother, his father and his mother. You have always been there for him and you are undoubtedly the biggest parental influence he has ever had. He loves you very much. Your mother reappearing will not change that.”
They end up in an undignified heap on the floor, giggling like idiots but somehow mainly unsquashed by the bike. Cas immediately starts checking Dean to make sure he isn’t hurt, but if anything, his fingers brushing across Dean’s skin just makes Dean giggle harder.
Dean’s breathing hard by the time he finishes. He hadn’t known he was so angry until the words poured out.
After everything that’s happened in the past few weeks, every trial and test, every annoyance, this is what sends him hurtling over the edge. This is the final straw.
Cas is looking down at him, his displeasure evident despite the lack of light in the room. “Oh yes, there’s the Dean Winchester charm we all know and love.”
Dean thinks they’re drifting from the point. “You all seem happy. Without me. I can’t see why you even need me?”
“Well, Alastair’s apparently dead so I guess you don’t have to worry anymore, do you? That’s the answer to all our problems. Everything is just fucking great now.” Dean can hear how bitter he sounds. But knowing that Cas and Sam have been keeping secrets from him, discussing him behind his back, that hurts. That hurts a lot actually.
“It’s not the fact that you found an alpha, three alphas even, that I have a problem with, Dean Winchester. You know that all I want is for you to be happy.” Ellen crosses her arms over her chest as she watches him pack. “What I have a problem with is you jumping straight into bed with them. There’s supposed to be a courtship.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be on your way to your mom’s right about now?” Dean asks, pouring himself some coffee which Cas has thankfully left in the pot.
“I hate you,” Dean says, although given the way he’s melting under Cas’s touch, the words don’t carry much meaning.
“I never wanted to hurt you,” Lisa says again. The tremble in her voice, the tears shining in her eyes, just make Dean angrier. How dare she act like the injured party here.
Things are still tense between them, awkward in a way that makes Dean’s insides squirm when he thinks about it. He hates fighting with Sam. It physically hurts him to feel like they’re on opposite sides of the fence on anything let alone something so damn important. But as far as Dean is concerned, it’s impossible to resolve all their arguments while Sam is in contact with Mary, not while Dean is refusing to have anything to do with her.
Dean grabs his towel and pats the sweat from his face, and his throat, and the back of his neck. His tee-shirt is clinging to his chest, his shorts are sticking to his thighs, and his balls… well, the less said about ball sweat the better. “Yeah, I’m being careful,” he says. “Know I’m not as young as I used to be.”
“Caring about me, huh? And that gives y’all the right to discuss me like I’m a fucking meal-ticket does it?”
Jabbing his finger at the writing on the wall, Dean explains, “They can barely write, Cas. I mean, come on, they didn’t even spell my name right. We’re not dealing with a Mensa member here. This dude didn’t break out of Arkham Asylum, he barely made it out of kindergarten.”
“I hear things.” Sam is trying too hard to look innocent. Sam also has a lot of people on his contacts list. And Sam was mad as hell yesterday.
“Cas,” Dean cuts in. “I thought you had to get going. Neither of us is going to be getting laid tonight if you turn up late.”
“I’m fine,” Dean says, then adds, somewhat stilted. “Thank you.” He’s waiting for the lecture. It comes from Benny beside him on the back seat.
“Not off the top of my head, but I’ll ask around. But, you know once those sharks get involved it could get real messy and expensive.”
“Comic-con is just too insane,” Sam adds, less teasing in his tone now. “The crowds there could swallow you up in seconds. It’s a security nightmare.”
Announcing that she has to go to the lady’s room, she drops a kiss to the corner of Benny’s mouth, trails her fingers across Dean’s cheek, and ruffles his hair on her way past. Benny licks his lips and stares blatantly at her ass as she walks away.
“Look,” Dean says, taking a deep breath. “I know this is early in our relationship, heck, we don’t even have a relationship to speak of, but I’m going into heat, something I’ve never done. I’m… I’m scared, Cas, and I don’t want to go through this alone. I want to do it with alphas I trust. Alphas I… I think I could have something special with, if I get the chance. I’m only gonna ask one more time, please, alpha, take me home.”
Dean coughs and fiddles with the neck of his tee-shirt, keeping his eyes trained upwards. “Why the hell would you want to walk around naked?”
Despite his exhaustion, Dean throws himself into filming. It’s a relief to escape his own problems for a while and let the Red Hood take over. There’s only a couple days of shooting left and Dean’s determined not to let anyone down. Least of all Jason Todd.
“Oh.” That does make sense, Dean has to admit. “So, you do want me to… join your pack?” Dean isn’t sure that’s the right way to phrase whatever this is, but it’s the best he can come up with. Like he said, he’s not always great at englishing. “Because, I thought maybe I fucked everything up when I went off with Uriel.”
Dean stands up, leans forward, hands flat on the table. “Listen lady, you don’t get to tell me to do squat. You lost that right the night you walked out and just kept right on walking.”
“I’ll wait here for you,” Cas says when he draws up in front of the building. “I think you will be more comfortable spending your heat in the privacy of our home than in your quarters, but you should grab your things. And let Ellen know what is happening. And perhaps,” he hesitates for a moment. “Perhaps, take a few moments, without my scent clouding your judgement, to make sure this is really what you want.”
“Hey, it’s the Winchester bros,” Ash’s voice carries across the restaurant in greeting. So much for discreet. Thankfully the place isn’t busy, only a family and a few couples scattered through the room.
To be fair, that one genuinely was an accident. Not that Cas would believe him. “Maybe if you’d put your dirty dishes in the dishwasher rather than piling them up like a game of jenga, it wouldn’t have gotten smashed.”
“What, Sammy?” Dean’s walking fast, conscious that Sam’s short legs are almost running to keep up but too worried about being late to slow down. Dad dropped them off three blocks from the school because he had to go in the opposite direction to make it to work in time, and it’s Dean’s job to make sure they aren’t late.
Whatever, Cas is an incredibly busy guy. Dean understands. And it’s not like standing around on a movie set watching Dean is exciting or glamorous. Most of the time it’s downright tedious. Dean doesn’t blame Cas for finding something better to do.
Dean gapes after him as Garth walks away. There was no leading on. Definitely not. There were polite smiles and lame jokes, there was no leading.
The problem with actors is you can never be quite sure when they’re putting on a show. Not if they’re any good. Not if you don’t know them well. Dean can’t say for sure how good of an actor Mary is. But he doesn’t trust her. Not at all. But then, he doesn’t trust many people.
“No,” Dean replies immediately, he can assure them of that without any hesitation. “No, I don’t. Do you?”
“No,” Dean answers flatly. “Not once. Not since I was a kid. What she did, walking out like that… leaving a six-month-old baby without a mom, that’s… there’s no excuse, y’know? I could never forgive her. Seeing her again… what would I even say to her?”
There’s an electricity in the air that hasn’t been there before. And despite everything, despite his exhaustion and his headache and his screwed-up head, Dean feels elated by the time Crowley calls it a day. The rest of the crew are the same. They’ve all been working insanely hard, fast-paced and relentless all day, yet they’re all smiling when Crowley calls cut.
“It’s fine,” he says, gruffly, grabbing his things and making a hasty exit. One thing he can do without is that asshole feeling sorry for him.
Two hours later and all that’s left of the vodka is a dribble at the bottom of the bottle. They’ve moved on to drinking homemade wine that one of Cas’ students gave him. Dean is completely wasted. But at least this time he has company.
It’s typical Dean Winchester luck that this scene needs reshot. The first time Jason was killed at the hands of the Joker, Cas had been on set the entire time and the nightmares he’d had afterwards were worse than the ones Dean had hidden. Cas had woken sweating, tearful and panicked for weeks afterwards. He’d doubled his therapist appointments for a couple months which Dean felt freaking awful about. So, no, Dean isn’t putting either of them through that again. No matter how pathetic Sam’s puppy-dog eyes are, or how mad Cas is bound to be later. Dean can tough it out.
“Okay,” Cas says, hesitantly. “So, we shared perhaps the hottest ten minutes of my life and then you ran away. What happened?”
“Dean,” Lisa sighs. “I’m forty-three, you’re forty. We’re not kids anymore but we’re still young enough to make new lives for ourselves. To be happy. I don’t want to waste any more time.”
“Don’t tell Ellen I did that,” Benny says, when Dean eventually opens his eyes again. “She’ll have my balls.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Charlie says. “I guess I’m just surprised. I mean… you barely even know these alphas or anything about them. And they’ve been living happily together for years. How are you going to fit into their relationship? How’s it even going to work? People don’t live in packs anymore. It’s just… it’s not the way things work. Like my mom always said, alphas and omegas are two halves of one whole. Soulmates. You and three alphas? That doesn’t add up.”
“I’ve heard that before, Cas,” Dean shoots back. “Pretty sure those were Gordon’s exact words when I found him fucking a girl in our bed.”
“I assure you we can,” exec number one says, glancing nonchalantly at his Rolex. “And if you have any sense at all, I suggest you leave the premises with as little fuss as possible.”
“S... screw you,” Dean manages to say, blood trickling from his lips. He struggles, ineffectually against his bonds as he feels the life slowly draining from his body.
“So, are you heading off on your honeymoon tonight?” Dean asks Charlie, trying to nudge her towards the bar. Charlie ignores his attempts and leads him firmly back towards the center of the dance floor.
“Seriously?” Dean asks, smirking, and shaking the offered hand, which is large and warm and has a strength that leaves Dean’s skin tingling. “You’re a knight?”
When Dean tries to walk away, Uriel grabs his wrist, tight enough that Dean can already feel a ring of bruises forming. Uriel drags him in close this time, shoves his face in the crook of Dean’s neck and inhales.
“Cas, swear to God, you suggest I’m heat addled right now and I’m gonna start swinging. Again. I’m in my right mind. And I fully consent to getting fucked senseless by you and your alpha mates. You asked me to join you, and unless you’ve changed your mind, my answer is yes. Hell yes.”
Sam fidgets with his watch strap before finally coughing up the details. “She said… uh… she said that Ruby was a lying bitch. And that… well, that you needed to go to a Den. And that I was being a selfish jerk for complaining about it so much.”
Being an annoying big brother, Dean would happily continue making-out with Cas just to make Sam squirm, but Cas, the spoilsport, isn’t fond of molesting him in front of Sam and takes a step back, straightening his tie and trying to smooth the creases from his shirt.
Dean doesn’t answer. He’s too antsy. Too confused. His emotions scrambled in his head. And his heart.
Before Dean can retaliate, Cas cuts him off at the pass. “It’s not doable. Security wise. It’s bad enough when you’re on the panel, but in amongst those crowds for that length of time it would be impossible to keep you safe.”
One more day of shooting on the warehouse soundstage for Jason Todd’s death scene and they move on. Crowley’s fast paced method of directing is a breath of fresh air after Marv’s dragged out torture of take after take after take, with little actual direction other than do it again and do it better.
Benny and Cas are lying either side of him, peppering kisses to his jaw, his chest, the freckles across his shoulder, anywhere they can reach, as Cain folds Dean in two, his thighs almost up round his ears. This face-to-face position is probably going to be as awkward as hell after Cain ties with him, but Dean doesn’t care, not right now when he can watch the concentration on Cain’s face, the hunger in his eyes.
Cas lets out another huff, but it’s at least 50% exaggerated. Dean suspects that at this point Cas is probably angling for angry sex too. God, he loves him.
Dean doesn’t flinch at the mention of Alastair’s name anymore. But he still doesn’t like saying it. Or hearing it. Even now, Dean still feels sick to the depth of his guts when he thinks about him. About the hell he’s put Dean through for the past couple of years. And put Cas and Sam through too. There’s still a part of Dean that doesn’t quite believe he’s really gone. Despite Cas’s assurances, he doesn’t feel any closure. Any sense of relief.
Dean holds his hand up, wanting to clarify his point so no-one is under the misguided illusion he’s suddenly had a change of heart. “Whoa now, I’m not saying I forgive you. All I’m saying is this new clusterfuck might not entirely be your fault.”
He squares his shoulders, and feigns casual indifference. “It’s not a big deal,” he says. “It’s just a date.”
“And I wish I didn’t have to leave you, Sammy. But you’re not an idiot. You’ve probably read more of the medical shit than I have. If I don’t find a compatible alpha to mate with soon, the chances are I’m gonna get sick.”
“It looks like you can’t afford to shave and that apparently you got dressed in the dark. Is that a Led Zeppelin tee-shirt?” she asks with disdain.
“Dean, I know you might have heard horror stories about what goes on in places like this,” Ellen adds. “But I promise you, you are in total control of what happens here. Our job is to help and facilitate, not force you into anything. But…”
Cain is sitting waiting for him. The table is set for two, a candle in the center, crystal glasses, silver cutlery and cloches ready and waiting. It’s all very romantic. Not Dean's usual style at all.
“Nah,” Dean says. “They don’t need me hanging around for that long. You want to see some photos? I know I’m biased but the kid is pretty damn cute. Thank god she takes after Eileen.”
“What a goddamn asswipe,” Dean seethes. “I should have punched his smarmy face. I would have done if I’d had another minute. Why the hell did Ellen have to step in so quickly?”
“I think Meg was right, y’know,” Dean admits. “The only reason Lisa married me was because she was pregnant and her parents were freaking out. Fuck, we’d only known each other six months. We were barely going steady.”
Even though he knows it's the worst thing he can do, Dean can’t help but tense when Cain starts moving. Cain, with the willpower of a goddamn saint, immediately freezes until Benny and Cas distract Dean with hot mouths and clever fingers. The first few thrusts of Cain’s hips aren’t painful but they are uncomfortable, but then it’s like a slow dawning epiphany. The stretch of Cain’s dick inside him, the scrape of Benny’s teeth across his nipples, the sweet taste of Cas’ lips against Dean’s, lifting him higher and higher into an ecstasy he’s never even imagined before.
“Dude,” Ash laughs. “Rules are made to be broken. No wonder you’re a virgin, you’re so uptight, man.”
They kiss like it’s the first time. Like they’re just discovering how magical the press of their lips is. And then Dean is almost tying himself into a knot attempting to crawl into Cas’s lap.
Dean wonders if it stings. His face sure as hell does. His dad’s so drunk that he should have dodged that easily but he didn’t even see the blow coming.
Despite Sam and Cas’s doubts, this movie should have been awesome. Dean was as excited as a little kid with his first dog-eared comic book when he read the original script.
Dean and Cas edge a little away from the group. Dean can feel Benny’s eyes on them, but he’s more worried about the hangdog expression on Cas’ face. “I’m sorry,” he says to Dean. “I shouldn’t have caused a scene.”
Debbie and Annie are on Dean in an instant, hands working quickly to fix Dean’s make-up, tongues working quicker to complain in whispers about Marv’s attitude.
Cas bites at his lip for a moment, obviously carefully formulating his response. “I have been concerned about you. The not sleeping, the barely eating, the anxiety I know you’ve been hiding. And I guess... I guess I acted more like your bodyguard than your boyfriend. Your partner. I should have discussed my concerns with you, not with Sam.”
“I’ll think about it,” he says though, despite all his misgivings. Because he’s sick of the disappointed looks. Because he doesn’t want another argument about it all. Especially not now.
And just as quickly as it flared, Dean’s temper turns to ashes. He has no choice here. Dean knows Zachariah would be happy to cause trouble for Ellen, and apparently Uriel is a big enough dick to take advantage of that.
Cas seems unmoved. “I’m not saying that. But all those things were down to your father rather than your mother. She left you safe in his care. He’s the one who failed you.”
In the end, Dean orders two pizzas, one covered in as much meat as possible and one with pineapple even though he feels dirty ordering it, and he can feel the judgment from the other side of the line. They watch three Doctor Sexy Christmas specials and then a two hour documentary about bees. Cas drinks three beers, lectures Dean on the importance of biodiversity, and doesn’t mention Meg again. Dean considers the relaxed slant to his shoulders and soft smile on his face just about worth the humiliation of ordering a pineapple pizza.
Goosebumps break out across Dean’s arms at the alpha’s stern tone. He’s not sure whether he should be afraid or turned on. The fresh wave of the alpha’s scent that accompanies his words nudges Dean firmly in the direction of turned on. If he didn’t have awesome restraint and the little self-respect he does, Dean would be tempted to lean in and sniff at the man’s neck.
Dean wakes up, reluctantly, head groggy, to Cas kicking his ankle. It’s dark outside, and Dean has no clue what time it is.
Abaddon lets go of his hair just long enough to slap him across the face again, with so much force his teeth clack together. “Watch your mouth, sweetie. I’m not the bitch here.”
The time flies by so quickly he’s taken by surprise when Cas points at the antique grandfather clock in the corner of the room and remarks that they’ve been chatting for almost two hours.
Sam snorts. “It was pot, Dean. The brownie wasn’t laced with cyanide. I think the worst thing that could have happened was you getting an attack of the munchies.”
Dean’s heart sinks. The thought of going anywhere with another alpha and leaving Benny behind makes him feel sick to his stomach. But whether he likes it or not, he agreed to do this.
They don’t even take the time to eat when they finally make it back home. Dean had a quick shower in his trailer already so he simply strips and falls into bed. By the time Cas showers and crawls in beside him, he’s more asleep than awake, but he’s conscious enough to throw an arm around Cas’s waist and hear Cas’s whispered, “I love you.”
Gazing up at his attacker from the floor is like the worst of his nightmares being realized. An awful mix of real life and movie horror. The very real fear and pain of his time spent with Alastair woven into the emotions he dragged to the surface as Jason Todd, dying at the hands of The Joker. That grotesque face laughing as the life seeped from his beaten body.
Max, the security guard on duty at the house stops Dean when he walks out of the front door. “Mr. Winchester? What’s going on? I thought our guys were collecting you at 0630?”
And there’s no doubt in his mind that he can totally take Marv. The guy eats donuts for breakfast for God’s sake. He uses a golf cart rather than walk around the studio lot.
Mary leans across the table. “I didn’t know he would leave, Dean. He had a home, and the garage and two small boys.”
“I’m not dumb,” Dean fires back. “I know Zachariah is a nasty piece of work. But if I do this then he has nothing on Ellen. He can’t file a complaint against her if I can just as quickly complain about him whoring me out to his friends.”
Dean blushes. “Don’t say shit like that, Cas,” he complains. “I’m not amazing. I’m a dumbass who barely scraped through high school. I work boring jobs to make ends meet and drive my dad’s car. I’m nothing special”
Dean laughs at that, bitter and cold. “Seriously? Everyone leaves, Cas. Sooner or later. My mom. My dad. Sam did. Even you when you have something better to do with your time than deal with me. Maybe it’s time I did some walking out of my own.”
Ellen pats his cheek. “That’s all I needed to know, honey. Okay, go get your guys. And unless you want to hear the pitter patter of tiny feet in nine months’ time, don’t forget to take your birth control.”
“So what, you just decided to wait until Ben left to dump my ass? Because what, my job is done? I’ve brought him up while you were working a hundred hours a week. While you were building your business empire and, I guess, fucking Meg. I’ve taught little league and chaperoned high school dances, and sewn fucking Halloween costumes and built tree houses and patched up torn knees and mopped up puke and…”
Cas suggests he try volunteering which isn’t a bad idea, but in the end, Dean doesn’t have time to look into it. His burst of productivity is unexpectedly cut short thanks to Sam and Eileen’s baby deciding to arrive early. Eileen’s due date was supposed to be the 30th of December which would have worked out fine. Dean was planning on heading to Sam’s on Christmas Eve and staying until New Years or until the baby put in an appearance.
Thankfully, by the time Cas wakes up and comes searching for him, Dean has graduated to coffee. It’s still early, just after 5am, but Dean has to be at the studio lot for seven so there’s no point in attempting to catch more sleep.
Dean sets his cue down on the table and rolls his shoulders. Just because he doesn’t want to fight doesn’t mean he won’t kick this moron’s ass if he needs to.
Just as he’s resigned himself to the fact he can’t lay there all night, and he’s actually going to have to move, Cas’ face, presumably attached to his body, is hovering about him. “Dean! Dean, are you okay?”
Dean’s not had a concussion for a while, not since he was a teenager and his dad shoved him a bit too hard and he crashed headfirst into the doorframe. God, that had hurt like a bitch. If he’s got a concussion now it’s definitely not as bad as that. In fact, if he had to hazard a guess he’d say the shots and the whisky he’s sunk are more likely the problem.
It takes a few minutes for Dean to get himself together and find his rhythm, but when he does he sinks into the moment with surprising ease. The weight of Cas’ cock feels perfect on his tongue, the taste musky but not unpleasant. Having just one thing to concentrate on calms Dean’s nerves, hearing Cas falling apart above him, his fingers twisting in Dean’s hair, tugging sharply when Dean does something that Cas loves, turns Dean on more than he would have thought possible. He loves feeling in control while being so utterly used.
“You say whatever you want. Tell her you’re mad. Tell her you’re upset. But don’t shut her out, okay?”
Dean groans. “But he doesn’t. Trust me, I was on the same date as him. There was no chemistry. None.”
“I was a little shit, Sam, I deserved it.” Dean’s shoulders stiffen and he takes another sip of liquor.
“You sure about this, son?” His dad asks for about the hundredth time since Dean told him he was leaving. At least this time he isn’t yelling.
After that, things go blurry around the edges for a few seconds, or maybe for a few minutes, the thumping pain in Dean’s head makes it hard to keep track of time. When the room swings back into focus, Dean is relieved to see that the waitress, thank god, has somehow managed to stay on her feet. She seems pretty mad though, her raised voice hurting Dean’s ears. Dean’s mumbled apologies from the floor don’t do much to calm her.
“I’m not spoiling for a fight, Dean. I returned to discover that you had left home without security in the middle of the night, and no one had heard from you since. My people had to confirm your whereabouts with the studio, for Christ’s sake. You know better than this.”
Zachariah’s eyes light up. “I see. So, there’s still a chance we could mate you off to a more suitable alpha. Obviously they’d have to be attracted to a less than conventionally pleasing omega, not something that’s easy to find. But there are still one or two more traditional alphas in my acquaintance that I might be able to convince to give you a try.”
Sam slumps under Dean’s arm, the petulance and anger draining out of him all at once. “I know. I just wish you didn’t have to go.”
Then he takes a swing. Dean, caught unawares, stands there gawking like a fucking idiot while the guy slashes at him. The knife slices right through the sleeve of his jacket. Dean stares at his arm, numb, not believing this is happening. The guy doesn’t hesitate before striking again. Jabs the knife towards Dean’s belly. It doesn’t go deep, but it does break flesh. And the flash of pain is enough to wake Dean up. The third thrust of the knife is aimed more viciously, but this time Dean manages to dodge back out of the way.
Dean rolls his eyes, even as his heart sinks. He’d hoped his whole pathetic dramatics this morning had been forgotten.
“You are right that Benny, Cas and I were content in our relationship before we met you. But that doesn’t mean we would be happy in the future without you. We know you would be taking a risk, committing to a relationship with three alphas, but I promise you we will not let you down.”
“How about you let me turn up to one of these things with a bottle of whisky?” Dean suggests. “I guarantee that’ll improve my disposition by at least fifty percent.”
Dean doesn’t need to be asked again. He spends twice as long as he normally would shooting with the photographer because, damn… the bike is hot. They take a few pictures of him wearing the full face mask, and quite a few more with him just wearing the eye mask. Then the photographer persuades him to take that off too and takes some with him looking more like Dean Winchester than the Red Hood. The photographer is funny and friendly, and knows a lot about bikes and in the end, Sam almost has to drag him away.
“It’s fine, I guess,” Dean replies, sidestepping around him and nodding towards the door. “Excuse me, buddy, I was just leaving.”
Dean isn’t really seeing him. It’s Alastair grinning face that’s blinking behind his eyelids. Scarred into his mind.
Part of Dean, the insecure part of himself that he tries to keep buried down deep, still thinks they might all be mad, but for once, just this one time, he ignores his gnawing self-doubt, and obeys an alpha’s order.
“Obviously not very hard,” Dean scoffs, scrubbing his hand across his face. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t even know what to think. How to feel.
“Yo, Zach, how's it hanging, dude?” Ash slaps the new guy on the back, ignoring the way it makes the man’s jowly face turn purple. “Dean, this is Zach. One of our local welfare agents.”
The house hadn’t been in the best condition, to say the least, when they bought it. The state of disrepair was the only reason they could afford a four bedroomed property right on the beach. There had been a list of jobs as long as Dean’s arm that needed to be done to the place, but Dean was no slouch when it came to fixing things up and it turned out that as well as being a bona fide artist, and certified yoga teacher, Cas, the freaking overachiever, was also a competent carpenter, so between them they handled most tasks perfectly well on their own. Separately.
That’s not a dig at Sam. Not intentional anyway. They moved past the issue of Sam running away from his problems —and Dean— years ago.
And well, that’s not something Dean’s complaining about. Even when they discover the desk isn’t as sturdy as it looks. Or when yet another pair of his panties end up in shreds.
Crowley leans forward, elbows on his knees and a slightly terrifying glint in his eyes. “And the ending. We obviously need to reshoot the ending.”
“Dean,” Cas says, standing up and walking around the desk separating them, perching on the edge of it in front of Dean. “We’ve all struggled to deal with what happened in Scotland. You, me, Sam, even Charlie. We’ve all had our own issues: guilt and self-recriminations, anger and pain. But we’ve all dealt with it in our own ways. And yes, we all still have occasional bad days, but we know we have people we can turn to... therapists and friends. Methods of coping. But you... you
It’s not like Dean actually thinks Cas would cheat on him. Not really. Cas is an upright guy, too decent to screw around. But, on the other hand, Dean can be a dick, and hard work. He’s not a picnic to live with, especially lately. He isn’t always the most attentive boyfriend in the world either. Plus, his schedule is so insane that he and Cas rarely manage to go out, and when they do they’re seldom left alone. The fans aren’t too bad, mainly, but the paps are worse than vermin. And harder to get rid of.
By the time Ellen and Garth have shown Dean around the house before finally escorting Dean to his room, Benny drifting off mid tour, Dean’s head is spinning with information.
Dean shuffles his feet, undecided between crawling into bed and attempting to find his underwear so he can run away.
“A path of what? Subservience?” Dean turns his anger back on Uriel. “What kind of crackpot church is this? Omegas need a good beating to keep them in line? Is that what you preach?”
“Not really,” Dean admits. “My kid’s at school in England and he’s going ski-ing with his friends over the holidays. To be honest, I don’t think he’s ready to come back home and talk to his Mom in person yet. My brother and his wife live over in Austin; they’re pretty tied up with their new baby. My ex-wife will be spending Christmas with her fiancée and all our friends, so it’s just gonna be me, Die Hard, and a whole lot of junk food.”
Dean feels like he’s been punched. “Waste time? That’s what our marriage has been. A waste of time?”
Benny grins down at Cas who is glaring up at Dean through one half-opened eye as though this whole conversation is a waste of precious napping time.
The MC introduces Crowley onto the stage first, followed by Idris, Chris, a couple of the producers, and Marie and Calli, two of the main writers.
Cas stops in his tracks and swivels back around to face Dean. Dean’s heartbeat pounds a little faster at his expression. The uncertainty in his eyes giving way to fierce determination.
“No, Dean,” Cas says, “but you are a successful and popular bisexual actor in a serious relationship with a man in America. You receive hate mail on a daily basis from small-minded bigots and religious groups. I’m afraid there are always going to be a certain amount of threats and security worries. Even without Alastair in the picture.”
Dean didn’t ask to be born an omega. Given a choice in the matter, without a doubt, he’d have chosen to be “normal” like the other 95% of the population. Even being born an alpha wouldn’t have sucked quite so much. Alphas were still pretty rare, but they outnumbered omegas by nearly two to one. Plus, there wasn’t the same stigma attached to alphas. Especially male alphas. The stereotypical alpha was tough. Not to be messed with. Powerful muscles and big dicks. Omegas, on the other hand, were supposedly just pretty little dainty things who needed babies to make their life complete. Which… total bullshit as far as Dean is concerned.
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean can hear the lecture brewing in the tone of that one word. Sam manages to say his name exactly the same way. “You are barely forty years old, you have the best of the rest of your life ahead of you. All you need to do is decide what you want and go for it. You are smart and unfairly attractive and—”
Cas leans forward, elbows on his knees. Despite Dean’s frustration he can’t help but ache for him. The guy looks spent. Drained in a way Dean has never seen before. His explosive temper earlier suddenly seems more understandable. If Dean wasn’t still pissed, he’d want to tuck him into bed and make him sleep for a week. Instead he listens impassively as Cas repeats his story.
Turning his head, Cas’s lips press back, full and gentle on Dean’s mouth before he replies with far more sincerity. “It’s
“And that,” Ellen says, stepping in quickly to drag Dean away from Cain, “concludes the evening’s activities.”
Admittedly, he can see why Sam thinks he made a mistake signing up for this movie. But he has to work, goddamnit, he can’t just sit on his ass feeling sorry for himself. And honestly, it’s easier to throw himself into playing a character like the Red Hood than deal with his own issues.
“Come on, Gunner, just get a load of him, bending over and shaking his ass like a goddamn whore. I don’t come here to watch this kind of deviant horseplay.”
He makes do instead with making instant coffee in his little kitchenette, and eating an apple rather than the pile of waffles or pancakes he usually wolfs down.
Miraculously they seem to understand what Dean is saying without him actually saying it. “You were in heat, Dean,” Cain replies. “We would never have given you a mating bite under those circumstances. Especially not without discussing it thoroughly beforehand.”
“The thing is…” Meg says again before faltering. She looks at Lisa with a silent cry of help that even Dean can read.
“So,” Cas says, dropping down onto the sand beside him. He’s wearing a ratty old blue hand-knitted cardigan on top of his tee-shirt. Dean thinks one of his octogenarians must have left it behind at some point. He’s still wearing the Santa hat. Dean very badly wants to kiss him. “You’re freaking out.”
“You should,” Zachariah says. “We don’t want word getting back to Omega Welfare about how out of control Ellen’s omegas are, do we?”
Cas laughs. “You should have joined us instead of hiding in your room and watching crappy old movies.”
When the knock on his door comes, Dean despondently shouts for whoever it is to go away. When it becomes more insistent, he gives up and yells at them just to come the hell in already. He figures it’s Charlie, coming to kick his ass for being so fucking stupid. Or maybe Ellen coming to yell at him some more.
The guy holds out his hand. “Oh, I’m sorry I haven't introduced myself. I’m Cain. Cain Knight. I work here at Fairdale.”
“No,” Mary’s quick to deny it. “No, that’s not what I decided. I missed you all so much. But by the time I got myself straightened out, figured out what I wanted, a way to make things work with your father, it was too late.”
As soon as Dean walks into the bedroom, he falls deeply in love. The alphas’ bed is the biggest, comfiest looking piece of furniture Dean has ever set eyes on. It’s unsurprisingly big. Obviously handmade and one of a kind. More than wide enough to sleep the three not-insubstantial alphas and still leave room to spare. The bed is made-up neatly, sheets tucked in and pillows lined up against the slatted oak headboard.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Don’t be a killjoy, Cas. We agreed on this. We ‘compromised’.” Dean doesn’t notice he’s using Cas’s favorite finger quotes until Cas raises his eyebrow, a smirk pulling at his lips. Asshole. Dean slaps his hands back down to his sides. “Besides, no-one is even going to know it’s me.”
“I mean, really, Dean, one omega mating with three alphas. Under Ellen’s roof? That’s bound to cause a scandal I’m sure Ellen could do without.”
“You have to know who he is,” Cas says. “You would have googled him out of curiosity, surely? Made sure he was genuine, figured out his link to Dean?”
Dean’s tired, slightly hungover and his throat feels like he chain smoked nearly a whole pack of cigarettes, which shouldn’t be surprising considering that’s pretty much what he did. It’s three am, basically the middle of the night, the studio car is waiting outside for him, and all he wants to do is crawl back into bed. And talk to Cas. Instead, he fills the biggest to-go mug he has with the strongest coffee he can stomach and pops more painkillers than he strictly should.
Dean laughs. “It’s a long story. And I’d better not be late for this stupid thing in the conservatory. I think I’ve pissed off everyone enough for one day.”
Most of it is practical shit like his clothes, his laptop, and documents that he needs. Then there’s the more sentimental crap like the record player and vinyl collection Sam gave him for Christmas a few years back, the guitar he’s had since he was eighteen, the few family photos he still owns from when he and Sam were kids, and the photos of him and Ben, the baseball trophy Ben won when he was nine and all the pictures and gifts Ben made for him when he was a kid. All in all it’s not much to show for half his lifetime, but he’s never exactly been high maintenance.
That’s the last insult he manages before the venue’s security people finally pounce on him, and the entire audience goes batshit. It’s chaos as the guy is bundled out of the hall, spitting obscenities the whole way. Some people are yelling back at him, others are on their feet.
The next day it takes Dean two hours to clean the sofa and get rid of the stink of Jack Daniels. By the time he’s done he seriously doubts he’ll be able to stomach the smell of bourbon for a while. That’s probably not a bad thing.
“Trust me, Dean, I’ve never wanted to kill anyone more. It would have been so easy to put a bullet between his eyes, but in the end, I found that I just couldn’t step over that line. I have spent many years regretting the lives I’ve taken. As much as I wanted to end him for what he did, for what he might still plan on doing, I couldn’t claim the right to be judge, jury and executioner.”
Dean shrugs. “Fine. Everyone seemed to love the movie clips. Well, apart from the homophobic douchebag, obviously.”
Cas throws a sofa cushion at Dean’s face. “It was not porn. It was a documentary about the breeding habits of bees.”
Taken by surprise, Dean hesitates a bit too long before answering and ends up sounding like a dumbass. “That’s kind of you, Benny, but I wouldn’t want to intrude.”
“Look, dude,” Dean says, as affably as he can manage, in an attempt to deescalate the situation. “You’re obviously not a fan, but maybe we can—”
“Lambchop, you’re deluded if you think that goody two-shoes would harm a hair on my head just for you. He doesn’t care. Not about you. Not about anything but his own self-grandiose interests. If he did... he’d be here.”
Dean tenses slightly in Cain’s arms. That sounds far too close to, don’t worry your pretty little omega head, for Dean to be comfortable with.
Charlie slides in for a hug once Sam let’s him go. “The promos were awesome. And so were you. That guy seriously had a screw loose.”
Dean’s not sure he wouldn’t have given in and gone for it if Becky hadn’t wandered in looking for a book on her newest obsession and raised the alarm when she found Bela all but chasing Dean around the sofas.
Dean fights down a sudden surge of nausea. Breathes in deeply through his nose. Cas did the right thing. No doubt. He doesn’t deserve to live with Alastair’s death on his conscience. Not for Dean.
slips a red bath towel in the laundry when Cas is washing his whites. Unfortunately, Cas seems genuinely thrilled with his pink tee-shirts.
“Dean,” Cas says, the laughter shining in his eyes making them appear even bluer than normal. “I don’t think this is the safest place for me to fuck you.”
“Claire is taking a gap year.” Cas yells back, spittle flying in Dean’s face. “She’s learning how to think independently and fend for herself. Something which your child would benefit greatly from.”
Not convincing enough apparently. “Maybe I should come home. I’m sure I could arrange some time off. Or I could just drop out and go to college closer to home next year.”
It turns out that Cas was right. Sun lotion does not make a good lube. Lying face to face, one leg thrown over Cas’s shoulder and the other wrapped around his waist, it’s hard to hide the fact that it hurts more than it should when Cas sinks inside of him.
“With a stranger. Off the premises,” Benny growls, as Dean turns to walk away. “Dean, please, cher. Can’t we talk about this?”
“Of course, Marv was fired,” the guy snorts, edging away from a security guard who’s beelining towards him. “That’s what the studio would say, isn’t it? If they wanted to hide that one of their so-called stars was cracking up. I guess when you’ve slept your way to the top it must be easier to keep your job.”
“I’ll give you Whinechester, jackass,” Dean says. He makes up for the less than stellar comeback by whipping the Santa hat off Cas’ head, and holding it up in the air.
Sam’s too busy geeking it up at Stanford to care about anything other than the fact that Dean is happy and safe, and not about to disappear out of his life forever. Of course, the dweeb has mailed Dean a whole heap of information about the history of alphas and omegas living in packs. And explained expansively how perfectly natural it all is. And of course, how it happens ALL the time in California. And people are so open here, Dean, and you’d love it, Dean and maybe you should think about moving out here someday, Dean.
There’s another round of hugs, a few blinked away tears from Sam, and then Dean is watching his dad and brother waving goodbye through his rearview mirror.
“You’re beautiful, Dean,” Alastair says. “Too pretty to be real. That’s it kiddo, pull on that little dick, get it all hard for me.”
Benny laughs. “Don’t you worry, your lady is safe and sound, locked up in the garage. She’ll be ready to go when you are.”
“Well, you certainly joined in,” Cas says, dryly. “Any idea where my cellphone is, Dean, because I haven’t seen it for two days.”
With a needy whimper, Dean kisses him back, his fingers clutching at Benny’s shirt to stop him from pulling away. Benny responds with far more heat this time. A possessiveness in his kiss that leaves Dean hot and flushed all over.
Thankfully, before Sam has a chance to properly break out the puppy dog eyes, they announce Dean’s leaving gate has opened giving Dean a legitimate excuse to make a run for it.
Before Sam can comment, Cas’s ringtone sounds from his pocket. Sam holds his finger up to signal he needs a minute and turns to answer the call.
Eventually he stops, draws in to a viewing point by the side of the road, and takes off his helmet. It’s late, or early morning actually, and dark enough that he can’t see much, but he can hear the waves crashing against the rocks far down below him and smell the ocean on the breeze.
“Fuck you,” he says, sitting up slowly and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He suspects he’s been drooling.
“I know you brought your brother up to be a fine young man who’s going to attend a prestigious college. He would not be doing that without your sacrifices. I know you are protective of your friends and….”
“Well, aren’t you bitchy tonight? Sounds to me like someone needs to get laid. If that boyfriend of yours is too busy don’t hesitate to ask,” Crowley says, and then carries on, blithely ignoring Dean’s warning growl. “Just letting you know that there’s a schedule change, which means I need you earlier tomorrow. And on location. I managed to work my usual magic and secure the last minute go ahead we needed. The car will be there to collect you at three am. I sent you the details.”
He’s still asleep when the plane lands, and groggy as hell when the air steward shakes him awake, eyeing the drool escaping from his lips with distaste. Dean wipes his mouth on the shoulder of his flannel shirt, grabs his bag, and just about makes it off the plane with most of his dignity intact. Thankfully, he just has carry-on. He doesn’t think he’d be able to pick his suitcase out of a line-up right now. And, as he cares far too much about his Baby to leave her in an airport parking lot, he doesn’t have to worry about driving under the influence. All he has to do is jump in a cab.
“She thinks you're hot,” Benny says, smirking when Dean almost chokes on a mouthful of beer. “So do I,” he adds, with a lecherous wink that turns Dean’s face beet-red.
And goddamn Dean’s brain almost short circuits. He whines around Cas’ cock which makes Cas’s hips stutter and his cock slam against the back of Dean’s throat.
The suppressants aren’t so much of an issue, not yet anyway. It’ll probably take a few months to work those drugs out of his system. It’s the lack of blockers that are the problem. His senses have gone into overdrive.
The thing is, even though this Christmas is going to suck balls, Dean can always tell himself he’s had much worse. He’s still got a kid out there who’s fast becoming a man, a good man, who’s happy and healthy and confident, and who loves Dean. Sam’s got an adorable family of his own and a rosy future. Dean might not be with them, but he can take comfort in knowing his family is happy. And hell, so what if he’s alone, he has food in the refrigerator, clothes on his back, the impala in the driveway, and a pretty nice roof over his head.
“Yeah, you could say.” Benny chuckles warmly. “Been together for a year or so now, but I guess what we have going on ain’t exactly conventional. We like to have ourselves some fun.”
“I’m only big and fat where it counts,” Cas boasts, in a very unCas like manner before squirting a blob of lotion, inexplicably
Thankfully they’ve reached Dean’s trailer, so Stuart isn’t subjected to any more brotherly bitching. He mentions something about ice and painkillers before he ambles off to grab lunch but Dean is too busy persuading his legs that the steps really aren’t that high to pay much attention.
Instead of yelling back, defending himself, Zachariah backs down straight away. It makes Dean wonder who exactly Cas is. If he has some special power to scare off douchenozzles. Not one to beat around the bush, he asks Cas a few minutes later when Zachariah has bleated some excuse and beat a retreat.
Dean rubs his hands across his thighs, dampness from his palms streaking down his jeans. “Yeah, well, it works for you, Cas. It wouldn’t work for me. It wouldn’t change anything. I’m a screw-up, I have issues. This isn’t news.”
“Oh, I see how it is,” Abaddon laughs. “You want him for your little pack, don’t you? You should be more careful with your pets, Cain. You know omegas are fair game out here in Hellfire.”
Garth, to his credit, changes his body language at the very last second and reaches out his hand instead; his handshake a lot firmer than his reedy appearance would have suggested.
Dean schools his features to look as stern as possible. Not easy while he’s fisting his dick with Cas standing, naked and beautiful, watching him.
?” Marv puffs up his chest. “Everyone here knows that if you weren’t an utter cheeseball of an actor, we would have been finished hours ago.”
“Hey!” The bartender shouts, storming across the bar and pushing the guy away from Dean. Matt steps in front of him too. Dean should probably tell them he’s perfectly capable of handling himself but it’s kind of nice to have other people defend him for once. All too often the only person to have Dean’s back is Dean. “Jesus Christ, Jeb, what have I told you about using that kind of language in my bar? Sit the hell back down and leave the kid alone.”
The tears pooling in Mary’s eyes start to roll down her cheek. Later Dean might feel bad about that, right now he’s just pissed
“No,” Ben says. “Claire called to tell me our moms have been screwing around since we were kids and they’re planning on getting married. She’s freaking out! And I don’t blame her! Seriously, Dad? What the fuck?”
It’s a douche move but he can’t stand there and listen to Cas say what a big mistake this has been. He almost falls on his face trying to haul his jeans up and run away at the same time, but somehow he makes it down to the beach, more or less dressed.
“Dean,” Cas says, a second later when it becomes apparent that neither of them is keen on moving any time soon. “Earlier…”
Well, Dean can’t argue with that. He can feel his face flush even though he’s the one who started joking about it. “Okay, okay, can we just agree never to talk about it again? Any of it!”
Sam, Cas and Mary all look at him with varying degrees of incredulity on the faces. Dean can’t quite believe that he’s the one standing up for her either.
“Dean is no one’s plaything,” Cain says. “And he’s under our protection. I advise you to stand back and let him pass.”
Dean blushes, and coughs awkwardly. Cain merely smiles enigmatically back at him. “Or are you going to tell me the pair of them managed to behave like gentlemen and keep their hands to themselves?”
“Your wife left you too,” Dean yells, shoving Cas in the chest to get him out of his face. “And at least Ben is at college. A prestigious college. He’s not just bumming around Europe.”
Ellen squints at him. “Is this some kind of test? Are you trying to push their buttons? Because I didn’t think you were the type of guy to play games.”
But Dean’s done. His head is buzzing and his skin’s crawling with the thought of Sam and Cas dissecting his every move. Gossiping about how fucked in the head he is.
Cas stands, hands raised in front of him, palms towards Dean. When he speaks his voice is horse-whisperer calm. “Dean, he’s not worth it.”
But, since he had to ride one for his role as the Red Hood, Dean has been smitten. It’s freeing riding a motorcycle. Physically and mentally. Mainly because for once he’s on his own. No security. No cell phone beeping at him. No one making demands. Just Dean, his bike and the road.
“So, you got any idea what you’re gonna do now?” Dean asks, mainly because he’s got no fucking clue himself.
The set is tense all day. Not in the same way it was when Marv was shouting orders and complaining about every little thing Dean did. It’s more expectant than stressed. Like everyone can sense what they’re witnessing is something a little special. Idris and Chris are two of the best actors Dean’s worked with and it’s not hard to stay inside Jason Todd’s head. To rage about the injustice of Batman letting the Joker live when Jason Todd died at his hands. To let his own emotions, explode into the feelings of betrayal, anger and love for the man he depended on.
Benny covers up his surprise with admirable speed but there’s no mistaking the widening of his eyes as he looks between Cas and Dean.
Dean sighs. He hates this so very fucking much. He’s tired of it already and they’ve not even discussed anything yet. Part of him wants to tell Lisa just to keep it all. He came into this relationship with little more than his car and clothes and a few bucks in the bank, if that’s all he leaves with then so be it. Sam would beat his ass though.
Zachariah carries on speaking, glibly ignoring the scowls he’s gathering from the small group. “But if I hear right, you’ve been saving yourself for your mate. A noble and clever move, Dean. A virgin bride is what most alphas dream of.”
And anyway, Dean’s used to rolling with the punches when life smacks him in the face. He’s been through plenty rough times before and always come out the other side more or less in one piece. At least now he has Cas, his bodyguard turned boyfriend turned love of his fucking life by his side. Dean’s under no illusions; without Cas he would be dead by now, one way or another. But that’s a lot of pressure to pile on a guy. And Cas has his own crap to deal with. His own secrets and nightmares. He doesn’t need Dean crying on his shoulder twenty-four hours a day.
“The execs were coming down anyway,” Sam insists. “Frank said the studio still isn’t happy with what Marv’s doing. They want to see for themselves what’s going on.”
“The producers approached me a few weeks ago, showed me what Marv has in the can. From what I’ve seen I can salvage most of the movie with my magical re-editing skills, I mainly just need extra footage of you being a tortured soul. A pretty, pouty, manfully teary, tortured soul.”
“Yeah? Well, Lisa has her own business and her own money,” Dean says, offended on her behalf. “She worked hard for what she has.”
“And I’m not saying you can’t, brother.” Benny holds his hands up in an effort to diffuse Dean’s defensive reaction. Unfortunately for him, that only pisses off Dean more. If there’s one thing he hates it’s feeling patronized.
The combined scent of Cas, Benny and Cain is almost too much for Dean to bear. He’s lightheaded from just sitting in the same room. Waves of arousal keep washing over him, and his dick has been rock hard since he walked into the alphas’ home. He knows for a fact that when he stands up everyone is gonna see that the ass of his jeans is soaked through with slick.
Dean doesn’t stop walking until he’s pushed in between Marv and Lewis, which means he’s about three inches away from the director and looming over him in a way that could be threatening. That Dean hopes is threatening. Marv blinks, slow and toad-like. Too stupid or too arrogant to recognize the danger.
“We’re getting hitched.” Dean grins, hiccupping as he tries to prevent another unmanly giggle from escaping.
? If he’d abducted you like he did me? Jesus, Cas, you were on your own out there. Would anyone have known you were in trouble? Did you have back-up? Did anyone even know where you were?”
Dean wants to argue. Wants to say she can’t lay claim to anything of the man he is, but he can’t talk. Is honestly concentrating too hard on breathing right now.
Lisa takes a step, reaching out to touch him. Dean flinches and backs away. He can’t help but feel a sick burst of satisfaction at the flash of hurt in her eyes. “Dean, you have to admit our marriage hasn’t been the easiest lately.”
“That’s not what I’m trying to do,” Lisa says. “You’re overreacting. I’m sure if we all sit down, and discuss the situation like mature adults we can come up with a solution that everyone will be happy with.”
“It’s not fair,” Sam says, trying to kick a stone just like Dean did, but only succeeding in scuffing the toes of his sneakers instead.
“I’m not joking.” Dean shrugs. “Look what they did to my kickass television. And does that smell like pee to you? Did they piss in my ficus? Fucking monsters.”
Dean isn’t really listening to Ellen. It’s only been an hour since he spoke to Benny and he’s still trying to figure out how he’s feeling about all this. The lecture, disguised as motherly advice, that Ellen’s been giving him for the past ten minutes has been going in one ear and spilling out the next without settling for a second in Dean’s head.
“Of course,” Cas agrees easily, and then his lips are brushing soft and tender against Dean’s in a kiss that conveys more than any words can.
“Beautiful, Dean, just beautiful. Now slip your finger inside your hole. Go on, for me, that’s it... just the tip and... oh, yes... yes, Dean. You really are a slut for anything in your hole, aren’t you, boy?”
“Well,” Marv says, stepping out of his hiding place, and brushing himself down even though Dean hadn’t laid a finger on him. “Now that Mr. Winchester has— “
“But what?” Benny asks. “What have you got to lose by sticking around another few days? Honestly? Why don’t you give us all another chance? If you still want to leave at least you’ll know you’ve given it your best shot. You don’t strike me as a quitter.”
Later, Dean will blame it on the Valium and scotch but honestly, it’s more his dick that’s at fault.
The rest of the panel is thrown back open to more questions. There are a couple of interesting ones, and a couple of damn weird ones that have Dean choking on his water. One about Marv that Crowley takes great delight in answering, somehow managing to demolish the director’s character and ability without actually saying anything scandalous or libelous. Dean has to hide his grin behind his hand.
Dean drags her back into a quick catch and release hug. “I was never mad at you, doofus. I was mad at these idiots for dragging you into my messed-up shit all over again, especially when you were busy working on a movie. I’d never forgive myself if you got into trouble or even hurt because of me. It’s just not worth it.”
“What I need is for people to stop telling me what I need. And for this damn headache to go away.” Dean clasps at his temples, a wave of nausea suddenly rolling over him as a new band of pain clamps around his head.
“That’s not what Aaron seemed to think. Are you sure he wasn’t just a tad shy? Some alphas don’t like to come on too strong in case they scare you off.”
The guy laughs, muffled and sinister enough behind the mask that Dean’s skin breaks out in goosebumps. “No, Dean, it’s not a replica.”
So he does. He texts. Like the coward he is. Tells Cas he’s leaving. The house is his for the night. The coast is clear to bang whoever he wants on the living room sofa. He thinks, once he’s sent it, that it might sound a touch on the bitter side. Hopefully, Cas just thinks it’s because Dean’s fed up with finding suspicious stains on the furniture.
Cas takes a picture with his cell and sends it along with his text to God knows who, before focusing his attention on Dean. “Not that big of a deal?”
“Dean Winchester, you are an emotionally constipated Neanderthal,” Cas scoffs. “You would rather drown your feelings in liquor than talk to anyone who is stupid enough to care about you. It’s hardly any wonder that your son chose to go to school in another continent, your brother lives on the other side of the country, and your wife left you for someone who could actually make her happy.”
Dean hasn’t been tossed out of a restaurant since he was eighteen years old. At least this time he’s wearing his pants.
Dean shrugs. “I’m gonna relax for once, Sammy. Chill out in front of the television and eat so much pie that I can’t move.”
Cas looks like hell. His hair is wild, even wilder than normal, there’s at least three days of scruff on his chin and dark circles hollowed out below his eyes. He’s wearing dirty jeans and a tee shirt that’s seen better days. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen him this scruffy. It’s unusual on a work day to see him in anything other than a suit.
Although he's nervous about his not-date with Benny he’s looking forward to it. If nothing else, it’ll be nice to be able to tell Sammy he’s gotten out of the house the next time he nags Dean about getting a life.
By the time Cas ventures back inside to make himself a cup of weird tea, probably assuming Dean is safely out of the way, Dean is still stubbornly sitting on the sofa.
“Pretty ironic that I was such a dick to you about Claire not being your kid when the odds are that Ben probably isn’t even mine.”
Dick almost painfully hard in his jeans now, Dean gazes up at Cas through his eyelashes, swallows around his dick, and almost chokes trying to force himself to take it all the way down.
That startles a laugh out of Dean, and a reluctant smile. He nods at Ellen. “Okay, lady, you win. As long as you don’t expect me to turn into some sweet submissive omega, I’ll do what I’m told.”
Cas takes a deep breath. “That’s fair. Okay, how about best friends, with benefits, lots of sexy benefits, who live together, and don’t date other people.”
“One cigarette is hardly smoking like a chimney and I’m not having panic attacks,” Dean snaps, quick to deny it. Too quick. Too vehement. “I told you, I’m fine. I’m great.”
Cas runs through the facts once more. His belligerent mood from earlier replaced by guarded patience. “In the last few weeks Alastair sent you several messages via an online social media account. It’s the first we’ve heard from him in over a year. Threatening messages. Violent, abusive and... graphic. We managed to trace him to the Claremont area. It took a few days to track down his exact location and for the last two days I have been keeping him under surveillance.”
