"But you told me so." Sherlock finished his sentence for him, and John picked up on a mutter of 'predictable' under his breath.
They were attaching a breath monitor to John's face just as he heard a retching from beside him, and leaned over to see Sherlock throwing up violently over the concrete floor. He went to pull the mask down from his face, ready to stand and help him "Sherlock-"
"What?" John turned to him, "I can't keep an entire beard, Sherlock, I'll look like a caveman." he sighed, adding a muttered sentence as an afterthought "A 600 year old caveman."
He picked absently at the edge of the wood, revelling at the soothing motion of his calloused fingertips against the grain. However much he needed one right now, he didn't smoke, still trying to test his strength for John. He'd began to notice the increasing positive correlation of John's scrunched up expressions after kissing post-cigarette Sherlock and how it made him pull away more quickly than times when his mouth was fresh.
"Where are you going this time?" Sherlock examined his fingernails, feigning disinterest in Mycroft's conversation. He had just been summoned into his brother's office with a firm and urgent sounding voice, only to find Mycroft hurriedly shoving things into drawers and pulling open his briefcase; piling brimming plastic wallets inside.
"He's definitely not hiding out in London." Greg replied, seeing Mycroft pause for a second, before reaching for another paper.
, John!" He shouted back to the man who was hurriedly trying to park and exit the car. Sherlock headed towards a prominent oak tree that was bent off to the side, running against the wind.
"I won't ask you how it went, you obviously passed it with flying colours." Greg replied with a voice full of sarcasm.
"Sherlock?" he mumbled against the skin of Sherlock's cheek, his palm skittering along the young man's chest.
In moments of rare consciousness, he continued to startle at the soft touch of his own fingers to his lips, tracing the lines where John had kissed him and taken everything Sherlock had wanted him to take.
Greg watched him rub at the underside of his wrists which had rested on the edge of the tabletop all day. "Wait, home office? I thought you lived here?"
"What? I was just making conversation!" Greg spluttered, cheeks reddening as he pulled his feet down from his desk and dusted doughnut crumbs from his lap.
Suddenly,  Sherlock exhaled, loudly, through his nose, his eyes dancing quickly over the expanse of John's naked torso, trailing up his neck to seek out John's eyes, soft and inviting and warm. Always warm.
"Just on the outskirts of Manchester." Sherlock shifted in his seat, which prompted an impressive yawn from the driver.
"John-" he sighed, between kisses, feeling John's body warm and pliant under his hands. He spun the shorter man around with ease, meeting the fire in John's eyes with the intense iciness of his own.
"You can't blame me for trying" he replied, sitting down opposite Sherlock at last. "Reports have been good from your teachers lately. Just a couple of disputes with your Chemistry teacher I see?"
"What part of don't go past the sign post did you not understand?" He wheezed slightly from the exertion of speed-walking across the grass, and pushed himself further into Sherlock's personal space, intent on seeing what he was crouched over. "I- Sherlock! Put that down! My god-"
The suited man was silent, and Greg sighed as he realised he may have gone too far. Just as he was about to turn to apologise, Mycroft spoke up, his voice weak, and full of an emotion Greg wasn't used to associating with the man. "All I have ever done has been for him."
The older man put his hands in his pockets, staring tiredly at the glass teacups placed in the corner of the room on a small vintage coffee table until Mycroft spoke again.
"Sort out your shirt" the man ordered in an uninterested tone, wiping at the material loosely hanging from Sherlock's shoulders, and John restrained the urge to pounce forward, wondering who the hell this man was. When studying his features closely, the gingery-brunette hair and sharp blue eyes held certain similarities to Sherlock, but this man looked entirely too young to be his father, or his uncle, and besides, Sherlock had told John that his parents were deceased.
"Unattached then," John nodded, turning in a circle and walking back to his desk, saying under his breath "Just like me" and half hoping Sherlock had heard it.
Completely confused, wondering if he had been observing someone else's car instead of his own, he'd spun in circles to check for nearby pranksters, then, thought rationally, who would prank somebody by
After parting with Sherlock he had retired to the staff room, found Greg Lestrade sitting in one of the small chairs by the open windows, a box full of folders at his feet. John had nodded towards him and made a bee-line to the coffee machine before returning to the chair opposite Greg.
With each tutor appointment, Greg felt like he was getting closer to understanding this isolated genius, rude as he may be, he was still human, and Greg felt like he had achieved something whenever he saw a glimpse of that human side leak out every once in a while.
Sherlock appreciated the silence, if anything. Appreciated the weight of John's calloused palm against his own, the hush of the forest save for the occasional flutter or chirp of the birds hidden somewhere in the trees. It still felt unfathomable to him that they were there, free from the confines of those four walls of John's lab, the entire building felt like a faded nightmare that was beginning to drift from memory upon awakening.
The silence continued for a while, which seemed to be customary for the two men these days, Greg was beginning to feel more on edge when there was actual conversation, the reverse of how awkward he felt before when Mycroft wouldn't speak a word to him.
"John isn't like that" Sherlock insisted, not caring about the name slip any longer. "It's not like that at all-"
"Too childish for you. I understand." Sherlock scowled, slinking his coat on in a swift movement, shaking out his collar.
John hummed with an air of innocence in return, his eyes returning to the whirlpool he was creating in his tea. Sherlock was thankful for the tablecloth concealing the table's edges as he hooked his ankle around John's, and pulled his foot possessively forward.
"Wha- yeah, sorry, in a world of my own" John sighed at himself and stabbed a finger at the coffee machine, pushing his empty cup underneath the nozzle.
Greg recognised the voice as an exhausted Mycroft Holmes, and wondered whether to enter the office uninvited to make his presence known, or to risk being caught eavesdropping on a seemingly important conversation which he probably shouldn't be listening to.
"No, Sherlock-" John sat up, a frown on his face. "You can't just drop an entire subject after a year and a half of work! Exams are in three weeks!"
"Exactly, and every Friday morning, I have three different periods of hormonal year eights. A.K.A my personal hell which I would like to avoid if given the chance." John chuckled in agreement, pulling a stool from behind the door and settling on it, his feet barely reaching the floor.  "Jumped at the first offer I got to chaperone." Lestrade continued.
"The ravioli, please." Mycroft said, after a while, only when the waitress appeared at their side, confused at the pair's obviously awkward silence. She nodded to him, jotting down the order before turning to Greg. "And yourself?"
Sherlock nodded, allowing John to touch him for a moment longer before pulling away. "We should get going. We can't stay too long in the same place," He gestured to the steering wheel.  "Mycroft."
He groaned, attaching his teeth to John's ear lobe with a primal and possessive growl. John put his hands back on Sherlock's thighs to steady himself, feeling material and pausing. "Sherlock-"
John felt as if he were in another world as he laid his head back against the seat as they sped off down the road, the fresh air blowing persistently in, tousling Sherlock's hair and carrying the intoxicating scent of his cologne straight to John.
"I trust you have no further news after your futile attempts to contact your employee Doctor John Watson?" Mycroft's voice sliced through the quiet.
John turned his attention to his own cock, one hand on Sherlock's thigh, only to be slapped away and replaced with Sherlock's tight grasp. The young man pumped him firmly until John gasped and grunted, his release dripping down over Sherlock's long pale fingers.
"So," John started, trying to take both of their minds off everything that was going on. "Any clues to where we're heading?"
"Maybe we should call it a day," Greg suggested. "Besides, these chairs are bloody uncomfortable." he said, picking at his fingernails absently, and waiting for Mycroft to regard him.
He pushed back from his chair, rising and stepping away from his desk for the first time in several hours, turning to face Greg with an incredulous look on his face. "Really?"
"I don't care" Sherlock growled in return. "I don't care, John. I don't care about Mycroft, or the school, or the law, or your self-restraint, or logic, practicality, or whatever the hell else is holding you back from-"
"Yeah," John noticed his expression, raising his own eyebrows. "I know, he wasn't exactly popular with one of our openly gay trainee staff members when he started, Darrel Jacobs. Not sure if you'd remember him, he was quite dishy actually." John mused. "Though on reflection, not really my type."
"Yes, yes, much better than those last ones Dr Chase gave me, I even said to Mrs Turner last week- you know how she gets with her gossip, though she can't talk really, she's got all sorts- anyway, she was put on the same ones I was, and then-"
Both men were silent for a moment, staring at the same white ceiling with peeling paint. "It's not illegal, you know." Sherlock offered into the quiet.
"Let's not mention this to any senior staff anyway, can't be arsed to explain the specifics of spending an hour trying to convince a student to leave a half-dead animal alone." Greg continued talking to himself. "Just going to sign us all out in reception, get Sherlock on the bus will ya? Other students are on already." He slapped John on the back, retiring to the log cabin and ducking his head to fit underneath the lopsided doorway.
Sherlock turned his head back to John with a stagnant look on his face, before taking in John's dumbfounded expression.
"Hey!" John said, nudging him in the ribs. Sherlock continued unaffected, grabbing John's arm mid-jab and bringing it to his chest.
Sherlock glared at the tutor over his shoulder, seeing his figure trudging towards him. He turned back to where he was crouched at the edge of the stream, calculating the speed of river flow in his head at-
Sherlock paused momentarily and surveyed his surroundings, noticing that the entirety of the bench to his right side had been decorated with the remainders of the first phases of his experiment on the saliva sample of his neighbour's dog he had collected that morning.
Confused at the tone of Sherlock's writing, John debated on a reply, typing out the start and then quickly deleting it, deciding to bite the bullet and call him.
Please review and let me know your thoughts, I'm considering discontinuing this if not many people are interested in me continuing, so keep me updated :) Thanks for reading!
"Sherlock," he whispered, his voice private, reminiscent of the whispers of lovers on the run from a world who didn't understand them, and didn't try to, either. "You already do please me."
"How endearing" Sherlock took his first drag and pushed forward off the wall, moving closer to the projection of John's body heat.
Suddenly a shorter man appeared at his side, glasses slightly askew, hair messy and arms full of clipboards. "Yes, sir. We have some more character profiles from latest utilised passports matching your brother's description. I have organised them into piles of relevance and statistical likeliness to be valid."
"That's why you're so upset. You can't even entertain the possibility that he might be right, you're afraid that you've been
The morning came unrealistically quickly, so soon that when John opened his eyes he felt as though he'd only fallen asleep with Sherlock 30 minutes ago. Looking down to his own body above the covers, across from Sherlock's, jogged his memory, and he immediately sought the embrace of his partner. As reassurance if anything else. Reassurance that Sherlock was okay. Or would be for now, at least, until they could get away from everything that was happening to them.
He didn't say anything in return, but John knew from the way he looked at him, lifting his head to make eye contact with John, those cool and calculating eyes turned slightly glassy.
Thanks so much for your kind feedback and support so far, it really motivates me to keep on with this story!
"No, not really." John sighed again, noticing a couple of crumbs resting on Sherlock's chin and giving them a swipe with his thumb. "Haven't you come across him before? You do Physics."
Sherlock's eyebrows pulled together momentarily, deducing the amount of stress John seemed to be putting himself under just to try and explain himself.
He heard Greg shouting other teachers to restrain John, to stop him, but continued running, forcing himself straight through the double doors, the heat hitting him immediately as he clambered up the stairs, hearing his name being called by the mass of voices, teachers rushing in after him and being held back for their own safety.
"It's not your fault he ran, Mycroft." He said softly, leaning his head in ever so slightly to the other man's space.
Thank you all for the support lately, I really appreciate all of your kind comments. I have decided to carry on with the fic as long as people are still interested in it, please feel free to leave me any reviews, thoughts or suggestions in the comment box :)
Sherlock read the response aloud to John, a frown evident on his features, before sighing and locking the device."John-"
"We spent a great deal of time in Scotland as children, there's no other place than there he knows like the back of his hand, apart from London."
John heard the softest tap on the glass to his right, and pulled away from his bubble of self-pity to be met with the concerned face of Sherlock Holmes, his knuckles hovering against the window. He'd heard a clear "John?" before he had made probably one of the most risky and possibly stupid decisions of the day.
"What? Why did you stop?" he complained, dilated pupils focused on John's thoughtful face. "Wha-ohh...
Sherlock snapped his head around, sending the deadliest glare he could muster towards the new boy who was content on spending every waking second trying to outsmart him and prove he was the most intelligent.
"What?" John asked absent-mindedly, distracted by the wrinkles around his eyes which appeared in his reflection.
"Now you sound like your brother." Greg snorted, earning a half-hearted glare from the elder Holmes brother. "Any progress?"
"I'd rather not injure myself today, thank you." Sherlock smirked up at him, his face looking so different from the one John was first acquainted with.
"He also said that Dr. Watson propositioned him with a similar offer when Mr Holmes was not in the room."
"Just follow my lead, John." The young man stood quickly, grasping the doctor's forearms. "I promise you everything will go to plan."
"Are you gonna be at this the whole night?" he asked cautiously, watching the slow blinks of Mycroft's eyelashes, like weights pounding against his tired eyes.
Eventually, Lestrade managed to pull her attention back to the register lists, where they began to herd the students onto the separate coaches. He noticed an absence of a couple of the lists, remembering he'd split them with John that morning.
The ex-detective inspector breathed into the silence, his hand moving slowly to the back of Mycroft's chair, made from old remarkable stretched leather and secured with bronze studs along the seam, millimetres from the nape of Mycroft's neck.
"Take it however you like, I'm so exhausted right now I have no idea what I'm even saying, let alone what I mean by the things I say."
"No-" John swore, his eyes starting to water from the intensity of which they were boring into Sherlock's. "I don't."
"Hey-" he started, cautiously moving a hand towards Sherlock's, grasping it tightly when he saw no flinches or protests. "Nothing is your fault, it was me being an idiot, as usual, and not thinking with my brain."
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat, feeling it slide painfully away as he tried as hard as he could not to explode. "I do."
"It's nothing-" he insisted, ignoring the glare from Sherlock. "I hurt my leg jumping down from the rocks, is all."
John glimpsed at the message as it was sending and realised that Sherlock's message sounded way too blunt and not like John's usual conversational manner at all but he couldn't find himself caring too much in his anxiety. He stood quickly, moving away from the bed with Sherlock still sat on it, lingering by the window.
John hummed against Sherlock's prominent adam's apple, spurred on by the fleeting touches of Sherlock's long and delicate fingers at the base of his skull.
Sherlock stumbled backwards slightly on his own feet, his chest rising and falling rapidly. "John?" he rasped.
"Bored, as usual. " He grimaced, wincing as he sliced his thumb on a sharp crack of cement and dark red liquid dropped onto the stark grey pavement at his feet. John tutted slightly but rushed forward to help and examine the cut.
John nodded to his class, searching the gazes of his blank-eyed students to attempt to gain some sort of reassurance that they knew what they were doing.
"Mrs Hudson, Doctor John Watson. John, Mrs Hudson." Sherlock gestured between the pair, and John hurriedly moved forward to take her hand.
"You don't seem to have any problems helping Sherlock Holmes out-" Sebastian challenged, a perfectly plucked eyebrow raised, and John's face noticeably sobered. "No wonder he always gets top marks, no one could be that clever...unless they had
John was leaning over with hooded eyes and soft lips before he even realised himself. He managed to get the start of a snog in before Sherlock was pulling away quite quickly, looking away from him and out the window.
"Then what's the problem?" Greg frowned, noticing a gaggle of teachers filing into the staff room through the door to John's right.
John was about to go over to introduce himself when he spotted a familiar shadow on the ground behind him.
Greg nodded, unsure what to say. He knew about Sherlock's parents, of course, their death was only recent, and he remembered feeling floored at how well Sherlock had hidden the fact for so long after it happened. He'd only found out when the status of his guardianship changed on Sherlock's electronic file, and Lestrade had been notified that he was henceforth to report any issues to the boy's older brother.
He must have looked comical to John, eyes blown wide with shock from his own words, damp hair drying into a frizzy and manic cloud, mouth making shapes of words without any sound escaping.
"You have lost almost half a stone with stress since our whole secret ordeal began, you are more than often tired, irritable and on edge. Jumpy whenever anybody comes around a corner. Afraid of Mycroft's inconsistent and unexpected appearances in which he continues to threaten you. Far from the John Watson I met at the beginning of our relationship."
Overwhelmed by the permission to touch each other which they had been deprived of for so long, the pressure of touch felt like some sort of sacred addiction between the two men, caught up in a moment of passion.
He should have guessed that Father would insist Mr. Holmes be given one of the bedchambers and be treated like a welcome guest. Both Father and Harry were effusively grateful for how Mr. Holmes had saved him. Greg said nothing, though John could no longer guess what Greg thought about anything.
A map? Sweet heavens, they were planning an invasion. Fear clamped around John as he realized they could not let him go. He could describe each of these men, save for their leader who had his back to him, to his father.
came the captain’s low voice. As he stood and faced them, he continued in French, “Who the hell have – “
John’s face lost all color as he looked from Moran to him. Because Sherlock was leaving or because Moran hadn’t?
When Sherlock walked away from him to peer out the window, John bit his lip. So many things he wanted to say, so much he wanted to ask. If he let even a single word past his lips, he would not be able to halt all of it from spilling out. He had already said too much, but he did not regret being honest. The truth had gnawed at him for too long.
The captain motioned for him to come closer. Continuing to stare at him, John tried to force his feet to move.
John’s yelp turned that pleasure to agony. Pulling back, Sherlock scowled as Greg grasped John’s arm and tugged him away.
He slowly closed his book and stared down at the gold leaf on its red leather spine. As his knees folded beneath him, he sat again on the chair. From the beginning, he had known that Sherlock’s sojourn at Watson Hall would only be temporary, but that did not ease the grief tightening around his heart.
“You do look like a shab-rag among these fine peacocks.” She tapped his arm with her feathered fan. “You are excused while you change into something more appropriate.”
Sherlock reached the door in time to see a grand carriage being whipped up. He hoped the coachman was skilled, for a single chuckhole could upend a carriage going at that speed. When it disappeared past the gate, he walked in the opposite direction.
“Do I pass your inspection, dear husband?” Sherlock asked as he handed John to the ground. “Or must I suffer a lecture for some inadequacy?”
“Good night.” John had no intention of lowering his defenses again. As he went across the stable yard to the gardens, he kept his pace slow, refusing to let Mr. Holmes think anything he’d said was causing John to run away.
With a quick check to his timetable, he saw that he had a free period and thanked his lucky stars, scooping up his box of folders and ignoring the shoot of pain his leg sent him, a tell tale sign that it was getting worse again.
"I just...Friends...from work, are texting me. Asking where I am and - Greg has sent me a message defending me against the accusations- and I just-"
"But there was always something extraordinary about you I could never put my finger on, something that captured my attention immediately. I'm afraid you haven't lost it since."
"I- yes, you're right. Wow- I didn't expect for you to get all that from just a dusty old piece of wood. " John took the carving back, running his fingers in the direction of the grain. "It was my grandfather's, he hand-crafted it for my grandmother when he was away at war. I'd always taken interest in it as a boy, hence, when they both died, it was handed to me. "
Sherlock felt for the lighter in his pocket and resolutely ignored the twist of guilt in his stomach that came with the action. He brushed his thumb over the sturdy metal wheel of the clasp, squeezing his eyes shut in annoyance for a moment before giving in, and swung his coat over his head and onto his shoulders.
"So, what you are telling me," the haughty voice began, tension crushing like a vice over the inferior soldier. "Is that the highest capable soldiers and guards under my company, hand selected agents-have been outsmarted by a single eighteen year old?"
"The ETA of our destined location is within three hours minus expected traffic, therefore I am suggesting we stop at Edinburgh before it gets dark to eat."
would have noticed any potential recording devices as protruding shapes, he will have little evidence against us aside from his word."
"Come on, hermit. Live a little." John winked at him before hauling himself up from the tangled heap of limbs on the sofa and heading straight for the coat rack. He shrugged on his own hoodless number before reaching for Sherlock's Belstaff, holding it out as an invitation for Sherlock to step into it.
"Shush, it's only for tonight," Sherlock checked the handbrake and lifted his hips to feel his back pocket for his phone, pulling it out alongside his wallet. "Come on." he climbed out of his side, closing the door and waiting for a sleepless John to follow.
This realisation came with a smash as Sherlock's lips collided with his own, his hands falling everywhere on John's body, clenching and pulling at John's shirt, stretching it so tight he was pretty sure it would rip. He heard his own breaths turning into a carnal panting, barely holding on with his arms wrapped around Sherlock's shoulders as the young man attacked his throat with passionate kisses and playful bites.
The silence between them stretched on as it normally did, this time absent of Mycroft's intermittent clicks of the mouse and clacks of the keys on the keyboard. Greg was just about to excuse himself again, when the Holmes brother opened his mouth, turning quietly to the ex-inspector. "How do you know?"
Sebastian recovered quickly, however, sashaying past Sherlock who was stood in front of the closed door, who was careful to keep his expression as unaffected as he could manage, only the twitch of muscle in his clenched jaw giving away his anger.
"I'm just checking..." his eyes scanned the surroundings of the spaced trees around them, glaring at the shadows until he felt satisfied, and turned back to John, diving in to kiss his lips.
"I don't understand that brain of yours. I'm sure you understand much more of mine, but...I like you, Sherlock. It's illogical and impractical and
With the hint of a grin gracing John's stubbled face, he shook his head as if not quite believing himself the intense situation they'd just found themselves in with another teacher in the room. They'd bickered like an old married couple.
At John's insistence, Sherlock took a taxi home, finding the time useful to reflect upon the past few hours, marvelling at the magnificence of London that flew by in a whirlwind of lights and people.
"What?!" He snapped, noticing the teacher was stood directly above him now, hands on hips, hair flying everywhere.
Dr Watson barely managed a confused 'huh' noise in reaction before Sherlock was crowding back around him, marching straight up to his desk.
know the meaning of cleanliness and is definitely a poor excuse for a teacher. I do not understand why I am encouraged to
"What are you talking about, Sherlock? Where has all of this come from? Was it what Sebastian said?"  the teacher's voice rose with the impression of anxiousness.
"No." The word sliced through the pleas, cold and unforgiving, relentless. "I will be returning tonight, ahead of schedule. You better have this mess sorted out before I arrive home, or I can reassure you on behalf of the British government that you will never work again."
She hesitated, and then continued to study her nails. "The beds are divans, so they can be split, but they're proper old, so the hinge is pretty much rusted. Don't reckon you'd be able to separate them now."
"Well, I suppose I'll have to be, seeing as you're enjoying pushing me into the habit of eating." He rolled his eyes.
"Some of us need more than 3 hours sleep to function." he folded his arms across his own bloated stomach.
John tried not to think too hard about the strong smell of aftershave and cigarette smoke missing from his classroom.
John closed his eyes as soon as the door closed behind the man, his expression holding the weariness of someone who was barely holding himself together. Sherlock watched him with the same level of scrutiny as he always did, and was met with a still unexpected wave of sadness, recognising the effect and strain their relationship was putting on the usually strong, resilient and untouchable man.
"Ah, Mr Holmes, thank you so much for coming in on such short notice" the plump greying man with the name of Mr Frays announces, and Sherlock entertains himself with the deduction of how
"I'm sure the opera won't miss you, then" the calm voice sounded closer as Mycroft walks upstairs, heading for his own room.
A group of four students made their way over to Greg after a few seconds and Lestrade scanned back over his register again, noticing only one more absence.
Wednesdays?" Sherlock smirked, sinking his hands in his pockets and leading the way from the bricked house-shed.
Sherlock glared at him for a moment, and then reluctantly turned back to John, knowing that Mycroft was watching their every move. John's wide eyes flickered up to his with some hesitation, neither addressing the odd atmosphere that had changed and now hung about the air between them.
John surprised himself at slipping his tongue into the velvet warmth of Sherlock's mouth, his own hands gripping the flesh of Sherlock's hips, pulling his shirt from the tightly belted trousers and pressing his warm palms against Sherlock's pale and untouched skin. Sherlock let out an embarrassing whine, allowing John's insistent lips move to his neck, his nose shoving Sherlock's jaw upwards so he could circle his tongue around Sherlock's adam's apple.
sorry- I...fuck. I promised I wouldn't- and I..." He rubbed his eyes with his fists and tried to figure out a way to prise Sherlock from the door and convince him that he wasn't about to force him into anything he didn't want to do. Which was going to be difficult considering his previous actions from just a moment ago.
He immediately curled his long fingers around the parietal bone, skimming across the dips of the temporal bones. "It's not as if I have anywhere else to go," he finally answered seriously. "These revision classes are intruding on the labs, and I'm not allowed to perform any experiments in the hallways thanks to the new enforced fire-safety rules." he rolled his eyes, poking his thumbs against the teeth of the skull's bottom jaw.
John found himself wondering if it was just the mystery that attracted his interest in Sherlock Holmes...he had never felt...
Whilst Mycroft had excused himself as politely as possible to approach the head-teacher, Greg and John were left in silent apprehension, "Well, that was interesting," John said at last. "I felt like he was trying to read my thoughts or something."
"It's a necessary evil." He muttered, letting his hand fall to the side as he looked back up to John.
John felt the weight lift from his shoulders but the tension remained, his foot tapping nervously. "I don't think anyone ever truly gets through to Sherlock, or ever will" John joked, and the moment is gone. That doesn't stop John becoming increasingly paranoid as soon as any other teacher walks through the door, his irrational brain insisting to him that everyone knew.
"Ta" John took it from him, slipping it on immediately and pulling the collar closed around his face to force out the biting cold.
"Don't be stupid, John." he replied, watching a flicker of hurt cross John's face. "I'm the one who should be thanking you."
Sherlock stood suddenly and pulled his coat around himself, walking straight out of the car park, leaving John with no choice but to follow, panicking that he had said the wrong thing,
Sherlock ignored him and moved over to his usual seat which he slumped into and watched as John and Lestrade talked quietly, about the rapidly deteriorating condition of a fellow alcohol-addicted teacher, Sherlock deduced.
"Okay." John smiled, leaning forward slowly and pressing a kiss to Sherlock's pliant lips, their entire bodies flush against each other. He slid his tongue in almost immediately, letting it rub against Sherlock's in a way it never had before, pulling a gasp from the younger man. John hummed, his hand gripping Sherlock's hip, Sherlock's hands on his chest.
Sherlock's brain short-circuited as John stripped his shirt off over his head and moved towards him where he was sprawled across their king-size bed. He was treated once again to the sight of all tanned, golden skin, small scars and freckles, dips of muscle that Sherlock ran his fingers over in the brief second that he could before John was crowding in against him and kissing him over and over.
Sherlock only seemed to realise what he had done when he blinked his eyes open to find John's sleepy lashes millimetres away, wide eyed and soft, scanning over Sherlock's face with a look of fascination and bewilderment. A quick scan of the other man's face had him concluding John felt as little rested as he himself did. He'd just noticed the curve of a vague sleep-wrinkle on John's cheek before it had moved out of view and he felt the soft and slow pressure of lips against his own, brushed with a hint of stubble Sherlock still wasn't used to.
Sherlock flashed an empty glare at him. "I was trying to give you the opportunity to share your opinions on the man."
Mycroft turned his entire body round on the swivel chair with a faint look of amusement on his face. "Are you attempting to interfere with my schedule for today, Mr Lestrade?"
Instead of merging with other equally bored biology students throwing around their quadrats onto patches of grass and scribbling statistics onto clipboards, Sherlock had ventured close to a running stream, and was attempting to cross it, balancing on his tip-toes.
He was just about to terminate the call when the other voice sounded again. "Move on to the next one."
"I...Yes. Sorry-" Sherlock grimaced down at himself and retracted his thumb from the lighter pedal, stuffing the un-used cigarette back into the sodden cardboard carton crinkled in his inside coat pocket.
John's head snapped up. "Not you- Sherlock, I didn't mean- shit. Look- I- find it difficult...this sort of stuff."
John rubbed at his eyes with his fists, tempted to slap himself to stay awake, and settled his mug of cold coffee down next to the intimidating stack of ungraded essays and empty lesson plans. He fell backwards onto the sofa, turning his head towards the window being pelted with rain and wind, and before he knew it he was lost in his thoughts of piercing verdigris coloured eyes that haunted his daydreams.
"I usually stay later than this," Sherlock started. "But Mycroft has insisted I come home for 5:30 at the latest today."
"Because I don't want you to be expelled, that's why" John huffed, stretching on his tip-toes to reach the title at the top.
Considering that exam season was well and truly underway, sixth form staff were having a great time hounding students into attending revision sessions for exams. In fact, Sherlock was beginning to get increasingly more irritated every time he came face to face with the bright yellow headache-worthy notices that were plastered on every wall, door, and entrance, stating available classes for students to access in free periods.
Sherlock froze, the movement barely noticeable, but surely his brother would have seen his momentary panic.
"How long do we have?" he asked, his eyes full of something Sherlock couldn't quite place. The street was dark and practically empty, save for a few drunken women singing at the top of the road as they clambered into a taxi.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in response and popped off the plastic lid to his drink. John looked around to see a few other students sat at tables in the empty canteen, and decided to pull up a chair and sit opposite him. "So, how was it?"
The elder Holmes stumbled backwards from the force of Sherlock's aggressive push, colliding with the desk behind him, which skidded on its legs until reaching a raised floorboard.
Sherlock whined in protest at the thought of disengaging as John attempted to stand up with Sherlock still wrapped around him, allowing himself to be pushed aside to the sofa as John stood and adjusted himself with an awkward wince. He looked back down to Sherlock and his stomach lurched.
Mycroft silently agreed. "So, if you could try your hardest not to eviscerate anybody within the next three days, I would be much obliged." Mycroft squinted in the way that Sherlock knew was his brother's version of a smile.
"That is not a cave, John." Sherlock called out from behind him, he watched John's figure running towards the structure in fascination, the soggy leaves sticking to the sole of his boots.
"Shut it-" John jabbed from the side, trying to make it obvious to Matthew that he wasn't interested by turning his back on the young man's suggestive looks.
"Bird calls," Sherlock shrugged. "My father and I used to bird watch when I was a child." he admitted reluctantly, stalking off with his tall figure casting a shadow against the cracked pavement.
As the results flashed over Sherlock's eyes, he snorted. "A superhero? Really, John? No wonder I didn't recognise it, I don't concern myself with such trivia."
"Don't be ridiculous. I know that." John looked at his own tired eyes in the mirror across the room.
"Slight understatement, John." Sherlock offered from his side of the bed, eyes closed as he tried to wet his dry lips with his tongue.
"Oh- Are there more teachers chaperoning? The tall one, over there...in the suit? Who is he?" her voice raised slightly, her hand coming up to her neck.
John was the one who came first, grunting with exertion, one hand gripping the headboard above Sherlock, muscles straining as he held himself above his lover's flushed body, his other hand pressed solidly to Sherlock's chest as he worked his cock against sticky skin. Sherlock found himself coming just at the image of John above him, muscles glorious and tanned, face contorted in utter ecstasy as he worked Sherlock's cock against his own.
"Just now." John said and kissed him. "Come on, E.T." John hauled himself out of bed, patting Sherlock's hip and moving towards the bathroom. He closed the door with the sound of a muffled groan, as Sherlock buried his head underneath the pillow.
Greg's eyes fell upon an umbrella stand in the corner, where quite an arrangement of fancy looking canes and elaborately decorated umbrellas stood proudly, waiting for Mycroft to commandeer. He picked one up at once, offering it out to the seated man.
"Yeah it has, thank you so much Doctor Watson, sorry for intruding on your free time." the student mumbled in reply, smiling shyly and stepping around Sherlock's tall form towards the door.
Sherlock felt the burn in his lungs and sucked the smoke in deeper, feeling lightheaded and swaying backwards against the wall. He held his breath until he felt dizzy and exhaled in a thin cloud of smoke, followed by a breathy sigh of exhaustion. He closed his eyes and wished he were with John.
His displeasure was clear through the video feed, "So, Miss Riley, tell me again," he sighed, staring at the woman who was popping gum-bubbles in the face of her laptop camera. "What was the name of the two gentlemen you encountered at the reception desk?"
John felt instinctive adrenaline pulsing through him at the threatening tone to Mycroft's voice, his body readying itself for battle. "He comes to do his work in my classroom every Wednesday morning, which I have consented to, as otherwise he would simply perform chemical experiments in the corridor."
"I know you don't care, but you should." John scolded, heading for the whiteboard spray to clean to board of pen.
Before they realise how long they had stood in comfortable silence, a quick glance to the left provided the view of an expressionless Mycroft, stood aside with his arm settled on the open door of a sleek black Mercedes with an unspoken demand that Sherlock say his goodbyes and follow him home.
"It wasn't like that." he sniffed in response, rolling his eyes up indignantly. John knew that it was, even if Sherlock wasn't willing to admit it, or hadn't realised the extent of it himself yet.
John gasped, throwing a cushion at his lover's head, which was accurately dodged. "You take that back!"
"Sure, Sherlock?" John prompted, sending the boy on the front row a look when he looked up with heavy eyes looking as though he was about to fall asleep then and there. He heaved himself up with a loud and purposeful sigh, weaving around the lab bench and following the overweight man outside.
Mycroft watched his younger brother for a second, observing the stiffness of his lower lip, the folded arms, completely closed off. Yet, Mycroft could see.  "But you want there to be." he concluded.
If there was a window in their room, it would have been drenched with steam from the heat emanating from the two bodies. A voice in the back of John's head was screaming at him,
"Yes, it starts in an hour" Mycroft responded absently, flicking through a stapled document of 121 pages.
"I'll tell you someday." Sherlock lay down flat on the bed, rolling his eyes upwards to see John, who was propped up against his pillows.
"You know I don't do those idiotic classes, John" he grunted, looking directly out of the window and avoiding John's eyes.
In all honesty, Greg couldn't say why he was so devoted to helping Mycroft Holmes. Overall he was a strange, antisocial, occasionally rude, but scarily sharp man; and Greg had never thought those personality traits had equalled a perfect equation. But there was something about him.
"Let's go home." Sherlock said, his voice deep and quiet, introverted, despite the emotionless expression on his face once more.
"You want to talk to me but are considering whether to ask me to stay behind since there is no actual reason that I should be asked to stay after class." he narrowed his eyes. "You feel sorry for me"
"You love me?" He asked with a newfound shyness to his voice, as if he were a five year old boy again, nervously crowding little Sally Jenkins into the corner of the playground to ask her if she would be his girlfriend.
"Oh, yes, I've heard! The facilities look fantastic." She nodded enthusiastically, dropping John's hand.
"You want to talk to me" he said, deep voice just on the edge of silk, completely without emotion and so downright true that John contemplated if he was hallucinating.
He'd just released the handbrake when his phone buzzed against his trouser pocket, which began the daily struggle of wiggling it out of the position between his bum and the seat without strangling himself with his seatbelt.
After denying John's offer to drive once again, the younger man had taken the wheel, a comfortable silence filling their private bubble of the car, partly helped by the rather emotional revelation they'd  both lived through the night before. It wasn't long, though, before the silence became punctured with a feeling opposed to comfort.
"Naturally." Sherlock replied, his eyes tracing the movements of a lone boy with dark hair crossing the space in front of them and trailing dejectedly to the library.
Sherlock nodded once, his eyes scanning John's face, his emotions apparent in the curve of his lower lip and the deepness of his frown. "You were very close, but your father intervened." He deduced aloud.
He turned finally, facing John who was sat on the edge of his bed, his hands clasped, staring at his socked feet. Sherlock came to stand before him.
"In that case-" Mycroft pulled a document out of the pocket of his suit jacket. "The man in this photograph must be your twin?"
Sherlock sat tentatively down on the seat next to his teacher, yanking his seatbelt across and providing his address when John asked for it.
"Who is? I hope you aren't talking about me" Sherlock heard John use his 'teacher voice' and rolled his eyes.
Sherlock brought his gaze back to the man before him, seeing the vulnerability in his eyes and feeling the anxiousness and anticipation coming off him in waves. He felt an increase of heartbeat, his pulse thrumming against his skin, and looked down at his own body with a frown as if it were betraying him personally. He suddenly heard Mycroft's warning in his head, knowing he should head straight home, not linger in the same place for too long, but John was asking him directly. John was asking
"Look-" Greg sighed, falling back into his chair. "I know you're here about Sherlock, and while it's understandable for you to be questioning any other members of staff who were remotely
With a flush rising to his cheeks and a vivid memory playing before his now closed eyes, John let out a slightly shaky breath, grinning absurdly and typing back a response.
"Why are you in school this late?" John asked, looking over to Sherlock who has his head hanging down, black curls falling forward from his pale forehead.
"He's left false trails of breadcrumbs leading to Brighton, Devon, and Manchester. It's taken weeks for my operatives to work out, many of the leads we had were false."
It was an angered Holmes that stormed off ahead to the coach an hour later when all students and teachers had re-assembled after lunch-time, he had spent his own lunch waiting outside the wood-cabin waiting for word from the vets and neglecting to eat anything at all, even when John had bought his satchel back to him.
The teacher's smile faded slightly as he wriggled around in his seat, the uncomfortable silence getting the better of him.
Sherlock pried John's fists away from his eyes, set aback by the soldier's physical strength which fought against him to remain curled in a ball upon his worn leather sofa. He felt his chest ache unexpectedly at the sight before him, the collar of John's shirt unbuttoned and crumpled underneath his jumper, the shaking of John's hands, his fingers grasping desperately at his own face to hide himself away, his eyes shining with unshed tears, and he was beautiful. He was
"I can't stop thinking" Sherlock shouted, and John frowns at him in warning to lower his voice, and watched as Sherlock slid his back down the wall to slump on the floor, arms resting limply atop his knees.
He approached the decanter silently, his exposed forearms brushing against the cool metal of the tray as he reached for two empty glasses. It had been a long time since he'd had company for a drink, in fact, when he cast his mind back, Mycroft was sure that the last time he'd shared a nightcap with another person, it had been with his father.
"I was in my mind palace." Sherlock admitted, making eye contact with John and ignoring the jolt in his chest that happened when he did.
"What happened to him?" Greg shook his head, a confused look on his face. "That doesn't sound like the typical age old teenage hormones kicking in, I mean, even if it were , Sherlock is hardly the typical teenager is he?"
"Yes, I have already reached that conclusion for myself. All of Sherlock's safehouses are abandoned, there is no CCTV footage to cover his tracks, whereabouts, or movements. Which is also the case with Dr Watson, your esteemed
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Putting it lightly." he sighed, finally finding the confidence to meet John's intense gaze from across their pillows. "It was against my will."
Before he had a chance to say anything, a knock sounded at the door, and John rushed to open it, revealing a Physics teacher that Sherlock wasn't familiar with. He slid out the door behind them while John was in conversation, and headed towards the stretch of Astroturf adjoined to the sports field to smoke.
The one thing that surprised Sherlock, however, was the appearance of Dr Watson in the corridor, and the apparent anger on his face when he'd heard them. In fact, he had immediately loudly ordered a large rugby player to get to his lesson unless he wanted to be sent to the head's office for 'bullying'.
"Right then," she smiled, "I'm done in here, I need to empty the bins in the sixth form common room, are you staying?"
"Right, okay," John nodded somewhat over-enthusiastically. "I take it that it wasn't...a good experience?"
Sherlock sees Mycroft again later on in the library, where he interrupts Sherlock's research into the world's most deadliest toxins.
Sherlock wasn't in John's class on Monday, and he found himself missing the sarcastic commentaries that he sometimes muttered under his breath from the front row that usually only John could hear. It was true that the class was quiet without him, not only because the students had nothing to laugh at or taunt, they sat stoically and copied notes from the board.
They trudged slowly through the uneven ground of the forest, comforted by the silence only penetrated by the persistent rainfall.  Sherlock was pleased to see that there still wasn't a soul in sight, whilst he was accustomed to the beating heart of London, he found that he appreciated the loneliness of the countryside much more when he had someone to share it with.
He settled his glass down on the fireplace before responding, tugging his top button open which was threatening to strangle him completely. "Yes. It was easier for us to stay here after our parents' death."
"We shouldn't-" John started, contradicting himself by curling his hands in the folds of Sherlock's thick coat and urging Sherlock's body closer to his own.
The point being, was that Greg had found over the years that he had known the enigma of the young man, that Sherlock Holmes was a machine capable of inflicting any deduction of his to get his own way, and 90% of the time, he did.
“Fine, fine. I’ll text Greg.” He had said it to shut her up, but she probably had a point. He couldn’t mope around for the rest of his life.
“Jesus. Really? You noticed all that after a few hours in their company and we’ve all been missing that for years.”
John sighed deeply, he could feel the anger that had been so close to the surface the last month rising up within him, furious that Greg had betrayed him in this way.
He could hear Molly, Clara, Harry and John giggling loudly in the kitchen. He suspected they didn’t realise how thin the walls were.
He couldn’t stop his heart seeping out and infecting his brain. He had worked so hard to pretend he didn’t have one; it was all coming as quite a shock to him.
They walked out the flat and down the stairs in silence. Just as John reached out to open the front door, he hesitated for a second, turning to face Sherlock.
“Don’t play stupid. Why did you spent approximately 36 minutes at an address in Baker Street yesterday in the company of one” Sherlock heard Mycroft flick over a page “Doctor John Watson?”
Tonight Sherlock had a game plan. Throwing himself into the deep end, he was going to prove to himself that he wasn’t cut out for a normal life with a normal relationship and that he would be bored by it. He would go to this dinner with John’s dull friends and he would look back ashamedly at these two days of weakness. Mycroft would sneer and tell him that he had always told Sherlock that this was beneath them.
Greg went red and his hand flew up to cover the mark on his throat. “Oh God... well I’ve been seeing someone actually. It’s a relatively recent thing and I haven’t seen you for ages, which is why I haven’t said anything.”
“Greg, I don’t want you to stop seeing him. I was just shocked.” John looked down at his watch. “It’s getting late, I might head home.”
“I do know” Mycroft replied. “I’ve done a full background check on him. £37.31 in his bank account currently, shares a flat with one Clara Campbell”. He paused, then added “Girlfriend?”
“Ah Doctor Watson, I appreciate you coming over at such short notice.” He heard the coldness in his voice.
“Couldn’t you have just gone to your girlfriends?” John didn’t mean for it to come out so harshly. The wound was clearly still there.
“John come to the kitchen so we can get some more drinks” She said excitedly. Harry grabbed one of John’s arms and dragged him out of the room, Clara following close behind. There was already a cold bottle of white wine on the table, as well as spare glasses, clearly they wanted to give John an interrogation out of earshot.
“If you’ll just hang on” John began, changing the subject and heading down the hallway towards his bedroom “I think I’ve got a jumper that might fit you…” Last Christmas, Clara had bought John a thin-knit black jumper with a deep-v neckline that lent itself to more to fashion rather than practicality and was too long in the sleeve for him anyway. John always preferred his jumpers to be thick, warm and comfortable and frankly he felt a bit out of shape to have something so snug and tight fitting as the jumper Clara had bought him over his now soft stomach. He took the black jumper out of his wardrobe and took it back into the living room to find Sherlock sat on the sofa, his shirt unbuttoned almost to the waist and rubbing a sore red mark on his chest.
“Why was she there then? That night why was she in your hotel room and why did you push me away like that?”
He looked up the second that John and Sherlock walked into the room.  “John!” he said getting to his feet. John’s sister Harry and Clara both looked round at the sound of Johns’ name.
“Please, like you don’t have the hotel staff alerting you every time I walk in and out of the suite.”
“Listen, I’ve got a contact that could go through these boxes and the books in your shop and give you a really good idea of what you actually have. Please, John, I certainly owe you a favour for letting me stay.”
John didn’t think, he nodded at Mrs Hudson and stood back to allow Sherlock to step past him into the flat.
“Yes” Sherlock was caught off guard by John’s question. “’I’m supposed to be attending an industry party later.”
“You should tell your sister to ask Clara out on a date. I’ll be astounded if Clara doesn’t jump on the opportunity the second Harry suggests it.”
John didn't know what to say. He stood there speechless as Sherlock ran around the flat picking up his strewn clothes off the floor and shoving them into his backpack, texting on his mobile.
“What the hell is going on here Sherlock?” The impact of his voice made Sherlock take an involuntary step backwards “YOU come to my bookshop and recount my life story to me out of nowhere. YOU demanded that I look at your chest. YOU practically did a strip tease in front of me and walked around my flat half naked. YOU
Greg looked gobsmacked. “That’s erm… that’s pretty good then, isn’t it?” He picked up his glass and gulped down half his wine.
He walked down to Speedy’s for a coffee, feeling a little bit more optimistic. Harry had been right, it had been a good idea to go out last night. The day’s newspapers were, as usual, were spread out on the coffee table by the window in the cafe. Normally, he didn’t give them a glance but the name that was plastered over the front of them made his stop in his tracks and wiped Mary from his mind.
“Well I don’t think it’s going to blister, it would have started to by now if it was going to.” John said quietly “I do think you should probably cool it down under some cold water for a while. Perhaps you should go and have a cold shower”
He, however, was currently too distracted with a more pressing problem to give the make-up chair much more thought. The ache between his legs that he had felt as soon as he woke up was making him feel uncomfortable and was becoming hard to ignore. Interesting, he had had morning wood before, he was an adult male after all, but this felt different. This didn’t feel like it normally did, this was persistent and unrelenting, made him feel like he desperately needed to touch himself. He had tried to avoid physical intimacy in a long time both on his own and with others, and on those occasions when he had had no choice but to relieve himself it had been perfunctory and over as quickly as he could manage. He felt a bit reluctant about opening that Pandora’s box again, he’d been so careful for nearly ten years to not to let his body rule his head. He felt pathetic thinking about what had caused it. Was he a teenage boy again? A tiny peck on the mouth yesterday, his dreams turning it into something more and now he was as hard as a rock. Was that all it took to make him this pathetically aroused? So juvenile, he despised himself for it. In his dream he hadn’t pulled away, in his dream he had thrown John against the wall, torn open his jeans and ravaged him until his legs were buckling from shaking too much. Reminding himself of his dream wasn’t helping. Groaning, he thought this was unlikely to go away unless he did something about it.
Begrudgingly, he got up, worried about what he was going to say to her and opened the door to his flat. It wasn’t Mary that was standing next to Mrs Hudson, it was Sherlock. He was even more devastatingly handsome that he remembered even though he was scruffily dressed in tracksuit bottoms and an old t-shirt. His hair looked unwashed and stood up at the back and he was holding a large sports bag over his shoulder.
There seems to be no rhyme or reason to when I can get these posted. So here we go, chapter two. Hope you enjoy.
He had never heard Sherlock swear before, something about it caused the animal instinct in John to slide his fingers through Sherlock's hair and push his cock closer to Sherlock's face.
John turned into Speedy’s café, the shop directly underneath his flat, as usual on his way home. It had become a bit of a habit since he had started a flirtation with the pretty blonde girl behind the counter. She had a sweet smile and big brown eyes and always gave John a free muffin with his coffee.  Today, with his mind still lingering on the man with the inky black curls and the wicked glint in his eye, he barely paid the girl a moment’s attention, and didn’t even notice that she hadn’t offered him any free pastries. He was paying so little attention to his surroundings that on the way out of the shop he collided with something solid. His walking stick and coffee both slipped out of his hands. It was like the world had turned slow motion, he saw the stick clattering to the floor and the boiling contents of his cup fly out and land directly on the shirt of the man he had just walked into.
“Hello!” A young woman said cheerfully as she opened the door to John. Early 30s, single, with a cat – it had moulted a bit on her cardigan, scientist of some sort but not immediately obvious which specific field. It was clear she wasn’t expecting John to bring someone because her eyes lingered on Sherlock for a while before they widened in recognition. She looked quickly over to John, her face paling in shock.
“For god’s sake Mycroft, what do you want?” Sherlock growled down the phone “I haven’t even had a chance to read the seventeen, oh no it’s probably nearer nineteen now, text messages you sent me yesterday”.
She groaned and shook her head, trying to lighten the mood. “Oh how do you know about that? That’s was over ages ago! Listen-” she put her hand on his thigh “I’m out with some girlfriends tonight, but it would be really nice to catch up over some dinner or something? My number’s still the same – text me.”  She kissed him lightly on his cheek and then ran off to her group of friends.
“What is it?” He looked down at this crotch, he was straining obscenely against the cotton of his underwear, a small wet patch had blossomed onto the fabric.
John shook his head, thinking he must have imagined it and busied himself with taking his jacket off so he had an excuse to turn his back and hide the red that was surely flushing his cheeks.
“I best be off… my manager has already sent me seventeen text messages demanding to know where I am” Sherlock said, his black curls, now wet, were plastered against his head. It made him look younger somehow.
“I’m not sure red is your colour John” Sherlock muttered, his eyes lingering on the nail varnish on the coffee table.
“As your manager Sherlock, you are paying me to worry about you and let me tell you, worried I am” His voice was rich with concern. To anyone else it might have sounded genuine.
“I’m not, I’m really not. I am so pleased for you that you have found someone who makes you happy, I just might need some time to get used to the idea of you with his brother. Listen, you’re still in the honeymoon period by the look of it,” John nodded towards Greg’s neck “you should go and find him, make the most of it.”
"Sherlock!?" John's voice drifted back in, Sherlock opened his eyes to register that the doctor was now stood right in front of him, the assortment of boulders blurred in the background. "Sherlock- are you okay? What just happened?"
Mycroft clicked both clasps of his briefcase, taking his cane from the umbrella stand and staring down his brother as he moved to the door.
Greg passed it over, blinking up at him as he deposited it on a concealed coat rack, hidden behind a rather tall house plant. "Thanks." He nodded, and suddenly felt awkward as the two men stood alone in the hallway.
Mycroft cleared his throat, "I will explain within the hour. You have 30 minutes until Lance arrives."
"Hey Johnny- boy," Sherlock internally winced at the nickname. "I was just wondering if you knew what time we have to be there at the coaches for on Friday?"
Sherlock remained seated on the very edge of John's king-sized bed, his hands palms down on the textured cotton duvet that John had bought months ago and never really looked at twice. It startled him to realise that the patterned fabric only became interesting to him when Sherlock's fingers were pulling at it.
"Old habits die hard?" Sherlock asked, licking his lips unconsciously, dark eyes burning into John's. "
"Gregory." the young man acknowledged him, dark grey circles sagging under his eyelids. "Thank you for knocking." he said sarcastically, turning back to his desk.
"Me? I have no fears," John stuck out his tongue. "Come on, Sherlock, trust me." he said seriously, holding out a hand to the man.
John kissed him, slowing his movements immediately. "We should slow down..." he said against Sherlock's lips. "We have lots of time for that." he hinted with a final squeeze to Sherlock's hips.
Sherlock bit his lip to hold in an embarrassing moan when John's hot and heavy hand fell to the bulge at his crotch, rubbing through the material and moving quickly to the fastenings of his trousers.
John's brain short-circuited, his hands feeling numb, the air barely hitting his exposed chest, his breath laboured and hot against the wet stretched skin covering Sherlock's jutting adam's apple. He blinked, shaking his head for a moment at Sherlock's surprising and quiet gasps. "Shit, I- Sherlock- we shouldn't."
"You're always brilliant." John smiled as Sherlock's arm went limp against him, his head falling to the side slightly, into John's shoulder. "My brilliant, beautiful, Sherlock Holmes."
"Okay, well, at least the former is true."  He winked at the younger man, before turning his attention back to the stacked slabs of stone covered in slimy moss, he immediately began to climb, using low tree branches as leverage to haul himself higher.
"No, keep seated please, we can't afford you getting disorientated and passing out." his paramedic pushed him down again, and John eyed the lines of equipment in clear trays and boxes along the wall of the ambulance, distracting himself with the sight of syringes and valves stuffed into transparent packaging.
"I can tell because somebody else has come forward and offered a statement." The chubby man sat himself down in the sagged chair behind his desk and folded his hands atop his beer-belly.
"He was depressed from a young age, introverted, sociopathic..." Mycroft began, "Insisted that nobody understood, father tried to shake some sense into him, I was away at university during most of the ordeal."
"Lestrade said you were ill, which I deduced was an obviously false excuse, no indication of initiation to first stages of illness in days previous, body temperature normal, pallor of skin usual, no further indications of weakness, fatigue, or dizziness- "
Something in Sherlock clicked. "Wha- Lestrade! Please don't tell me you've been roped into this waste of time trip too?"
"Hey- look! There's a cave!" John loosened his grip on Sherlock's hand, pointing to an approaching structure of boulders which lay haphazardly against each other.
"Still," John shrugged, hauling himself up to face Sherlock who was still sat in the same position, his long legs dangling over the edge of the raised bed, fingers clasped together, eyes wandering from wall to wall.
Sherlock tried to tame the numerous codes of data whizzing around his brain by recognising them and storing them in a new file created in his mind palace for his new biology teacher Dr John H Watson.
Something clicked in Sherlock and his stomach twisted uncomfortably, heart rate increasing for reasons he didn't know. His legs began moving of their own accord before he could change his mind, re-evaluate the situation and decide on a plan of action.
Mycroft frowned at his brother's rudeness, catching it mid-air and replying with a sarcastic and over-exaggerated "Thank you" to which Sherlock stomped back to his own room.
They checked in as a Mr Turner and a Mr Brugière, the latter apparently looked like Sherlock but had a heavy French accent which John barely contained his laughter at until it burst out of him the moment they entered the lift. It really was such a shame that the only way Sherlock could manage to shut him up was by kissing him senseless against the mirrored walls of the lift until they reached floor 3 and Sherlock was striding out of the opened doors with their room key dangling from his fingers and a shell-shocked teacher still glued to the wall.
John looked over to him. "My classroom is one of the ones that has been restricted from the fire." He frowned, his eyes flickering to the right quickly as if he had no choice but to remember that day.
"Sherlock-" John started, deciding to break up the argument before it gets out of hand, and knowing Sherlock, it will. "Stop the drama, please, you are both right."
"Interesting." Said Mycroft, his expression not changing in the slightest. He took all the information he needed about the receptionist's character from one look, and had to struggle through conversation for the rest. "So, a Mr Brugière, and a Mr...?"
"Lestrade sent me up here to say goodbye to you."  he said as soon as he entered the room, only just noticing that John had another student in his classroom with him. John looked towards Sherlock as he closed the door behind him and stood quietly in front of it.
They wound around each other, warming each other's skin with their hands and mouths, John flicking his tongue directly against one of Sherlock's nipples, which was obviously becoming a pressure point as Sherlock began to squirm underneath him.
John merely accepted the sheer beauty of the place, watching as the filtered sunlight fell through the canopy of the trees onto Sherlock's hair, now free of the fedora.
"Laters" Sherlock states loudly, imitating slang in the hopes it would make Mycroft leave. It did, and he settled nicely back into his book of toxic chemicals.
With a sharp exhale of smoke, Sherlock yawns purposefully and turns his head away, clearly done with being in Mycroft's general presence or having to listen to anything he happens to say.
"I was, but I seem to have lost them again, you know how I am" she chuckled to herself and went about spritzing surfaces with disinfectant, tutting at the cluster of equipment Sherlock had occupied the entire desk with.
Lestrade had moved to the crowds, reading lists out of which students were to mount which coach, John's eyes were inevitably drawn to the isolated figure moving the gravel around on the floor with the toe of his dress shoe.
It was decided after Greg reached the hut that Sherlock was to leave the bird in the capable hands of the vet who had been called into the lodge and was working on stabilising the bird. Sherlock had already criticised the man's technique when wrapping the bird's wing and attempted to butt in and re-wrap it himself.
John tampered down the frustration rising to his chest, "You and your logic, for God's sakes, Sherlock- did you even stop to think about what I want? I don't
"So there is," Greg laughed. "Come on then, out with it. Who's the lucky lady?- Or lad- I mean, which is fine too, obviously."
John winced, "You don't have to be so formal all the time, 'Dr Watson' makes me feel so old" he laughed, half serious, half joking.
"I wouldn't mind certain degrees of chaos." Sherlock replied after a moment, touching his index finger to the knuckles of John's outstretched hand.
"No, no, nothing like that." John sighed. "Things between us are actually going stupidly well considering the situation we're in."
They were met at the mid-point of the stairs by three firemen dressed in huge gear, masks strapped on tightly and rushing straight towards them. They were separated as one large fire-fighter practically lifted John over his shoulder and two others lifted Sherlock between them, the teen's eyes were squeezed shut and covered in blackness of dirt and dust.
Sherlock shook his head, looking slightly ill in John's opinion, and stepped away from the door, wiping his palms on his t-shirt. "I apologise, I don't know what came over me."
He glared at the white pieces before him as if they had personally offended him, spinning the board around in a fluid movement so the black pieces were on his side.
"Fuck!" He swore, his hands flying to John's hair and gripping, pulling a particularly gorgeous moan from the older man. Sherlock grunted at the vibrations against his cock, the two men setting a steady rhythm as John's head bobbed up and down, Sherlock's hand atop it guiding him up and down the length of his erection.
He headed straight up the stairs after a familiar nod to the usual bodyguard who stood in the entrance to the foyer. It was strange to think that he'd been there enough times now for them to stop checking him for identification whenever he walked through the door. Greg wondered if Mycroft had said something to his staff to let them know he was not a threat to him.
"Me?" John felt panic and adrenaline rising in his chest but remained fearless in the face of Sherlock's intimidating elder brother.
"I can feel myself slipping though..." Sebastian's voice curled with an air of seduction, and Sherlock glanced at the figure moving closer to John's back where the teacher was cleaning his whiteboard. "I was wondering if you could give me a hand?"
"You know what, I don't even know how to react to him anymore." Greg ran a hand over his face, as John stayed quiet to the side of him.
"I'm so sorry. Please forgive me, God I don't know what came over me-" he shook his head, panic rising in his chest. "Well. You did. I just...We haven't been together in so long, and I thought...Shit, I don't know what I thought."
"How can you see anything in this dark?" John asked, bewildered. He rolled his own sleeves up to the elbow, and then decided against it, yanking his jumper over his head to reveal a pale shirt underneath similar to one that Sherlock owned. He tugged at his own buttons which were beginning to attack his neck, pausing in his ministrations when he looked over to Sherlock.
"I probably shouldn't have given you that permission" John reflected, worrying his lip between his teeth absently as Sherlock pulled a stool over to his desk and sits to the side reading equations from the whiteboard.
"Just, as a heads up, I don't know your seating plan, but maybe this is the time for a re-shuffle? His brother seemed quite apprehensive over the matter. As he is one of our more...esteemed guardians, I assured him it would be resolved immediately."
"Hey boys" Greg swung around the door to John's classroom, looking suspiciously cheerful in Sherlock's eyes. Before Sherlock could voice his complaints to his tutor about the form of torture John was attempting to enforce on him by compelling him to attend the biology trip, Lestrade began to speak.
"Ohh- fuck-" the doctor's head fell back onto the pillows, feeling the hardness contained in his jeans fall in perfect line with Sherlock's clad crack. Trying to get his breathing under control in fear of coming right then and there, his hands shot to Sherlock's hips, stilling his shuffling above him. The student seemed distracted, staring intensely down at John's bare chest.
"How old are you?" Sherlock snickered, finally catching up to where John had stopped at the entrance. He scrunched up his face in protest as a raindrop struggled through the leaves and landed straight on his forehead.
Sherlock wonders if John sees himself as wounded, wondered if he sees Sherlock that way too. He wonders how much Lestrade has told him about the drugs, the suspensions, the (minor, in his opinion) crimes.
Sherlock stared even harder at the ceiling, wondering what the definition of stupid was to his brother, and who Mycroft must have paid extra to keep an eye on him while he was gone. Which one of the servants was Mycroft's messenger?
"Greg- I'm... I'm going in" he called, already running towards the building, stripping his coat off and throwing it behind him onto the tarmac.
John stared at the ceiling and realised that he'd probably drank too much, and probably shouldn't be discussing a student via text to another teacher, but he trusted Greg, and he knew he wouldn't tell anybody.
John cleared his throat, tipping his head to Sherlock as he came to face himself in an ornate silver hand-mirror, propped against a doll. "To be honest, I could do with a shave myself." He stroked a hand against the hair appearing on his chin and throat, frowning at the pull he felt against his fingertips.
With a pitying glance towards his student, John took a leap. "That doesn't sound very fun, don't you have a girlfriend or anyone to go meet up with?"
"This is an extremely rare tree, John." Sherlock told him, his hand touching the trunk as gently as John imagined one to hold a newborn.  "A Cork oak." he nodded.
He trudged along the corridor of Chemistry classrooms, even made his way down to the Philosophy department and the library before despondently and rather anxiously making his way to the car park. His heart finally sank at the image of his vehicle standing alone without a familiar lanky figure looming around with an air of mystery and barely concealed grace.
He forced the doors open, hearing another smash-explosion of glass nearby but resolutely ignoring the horror he knows he was running straight in to. "Sherlock!" he screamed, weaving madly through the empty hallways, coughing and spluttering from the smoke making its way into his lungs.
The silhouette flickered manically against the walls of the weakly lit hallway, hands quickly and mechanically cracking at the lock of the door, tools wedged solidly against the pegs inside. A final click sounded and the man pressed hurriedly down on the stiff handle, forcing himself through the door and reaching for the night goggles hooked to his bullet-proof vest.
"You may have to carry me..." John admitted with an embarrassed chuckle. He watched as the genius pulled himself to his feet, holding out his hand for John to take.
"How often did you visit Scotland as a child?" John asked, as Sherlock returned to his side from inspecting an odd-looking plant.
Sherlock hummed with false suspicion in reply to John's innocent smile and on instinct moved forward to nuzzle his face into the side of John's exposed neck.
Something close to a blush coloured Sherlock's cheeks for a moment. Confused at the reaction, he immediately tried to control it, which of course made him blush even harder. John smiled so hard at this he felt as though his face was about to split in two and okay, maybe this is a bit creepy, he should probably stop but, God, he's
"Do you have many friends in this class?" John asked finally, to which Sherlock's head snapped back around to face him.
Sherlock's nimble fingers worked their way slowly down the strip of buttons on John's creased shirt, loosening the fabric and revealing the soldier's muscled chest underneath, with a smattering of blonde hair at his sternum. Sherlock was fascinated.
"I know you do," John nodded, his eyes brimming with tears unexpectedly. He moved his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck, pressing their foreheads together to allow the young man to regain his composure.
He pulled off with a wet pop on the upstroke, gaining Sherlock's attention as their eyes met, "That good?" he smirked, his voice wrecked and deep.
Sherlock stood in the corridor for a moment, just as the bell went, signalling his next class, he headed straight for reception, out the door, onto the main street, and into a taxi.
Sherlock's hand edged closer to John's across the glossed metal hood. "I wasn't aware there was an us, John."
"Please, take a seat." Mycroft gestured to Greg's own discarded chair sat a small distance from his desk.
John looked around hopefully, observing the blank faces of the rest of the students who were just letting Philip do all of the work. He sighed.
Sherlock held the door open for his teacher, stepping into the empty hallway, most students and teachers had, as usual, gone home by this time, so Sherlock and John were alone in the silence.
He held out his hand, waggling his fingers until Sherlock huffed and stretched his own out to meet them, allowing the shorter man to pull him from his seat and lead him upstairs.
"Did you ever tell anybody?" He asked after a long while of silence, shifting closer to Sherlock's body on top of the rustling covers.
Sherlock frowned at the board in confusion and then flipped the board shut in frustration, pieces flying everywhere.
Sherlock stood again, facing John. "I need a thin cotton bandage, some spring water and an elastic band." he deadpanned.
It was a rule of thumb that most students were usually desperately running for the doors of the classroom as soon as the bell rang signalling the end of the class, but Sherlock waited until the end, distrustful of his surroundings and slow in movement.
Lestrade snorted indelicately, a smile filling his face. "Oh, he wishes he had that much power, no, he's not a teacher, that's Sherlock Holmes, one of my students."
"Put it back," John raised his eyebrows at him, moving towards a collection of traditional leather bomber jackets, with badges sewn into the arms and breast pocket.
John blinked at him, surprised at the comfort he felt with having Sherlock so close. Simultaneously appalled with himself for letting himself feel like this with a
John watched in awe as Sherlock untangled the plastic as best as he could, soothing the bird with a low hum in the base of his throat, and checking over his feathers before swinging back up to replace the chick in its home of twigs and sticks.
So no more was said, they chatted needlessly and sporadically until falling asleep without the knowledge that their sheltered fantasy life up in the breathtaking Scottish hillside couldn't last forever, and that sooner or later, their world would inevitably come crashing back down around them .
Sherlock gave him a small smile, his eyes crinkling slightly at the edges, and John was hit with the realisation of how long it had been since he had kissed the young man. Suddenly his lips tingled. "So, what was it you said you came up for?", he shifted in his seat, clenching his buttocks so his behind wouldn't begin to turn numb.
"'Scuse me." he mumbled in apology, pushing up from his chair with his free hand, having a sudden desire to eat alone in his own classroom instead.
Reaching for the lanyard around his neck that held his keys, John pulled away, trying not to pay attention to the brushing of fabric as his arm grazed Sherlock's, and his student turned to look at him far more intently than he should. John tries to find a reason to care about what he should and shouldn't be doing anymore, and finds it difficult to locate one.
The other things, like the hair, the t-shirt, even the fullness of his cheeks, Sherlock could fake, but putting that much weight on in the space of a week? Greg knew it was impossible. Mycroft had come to the same conclusion, seconds before.
Sherlock made a noncommittal hum, turning his attention back to John, their eyes meeting. John tried not to stare for too long, but the paleness and pure blue of Sherlock's eyes were pulling him in, so much that he found his own appreciatively drifting downwards.
John scowled back at the young man, "Rational thinking? What do you expect me to do? Sit back and hope that this is all just coincidental?"
John closed the door and immediately rounded on Sherlock. "Why are you here?! You should be at sixth form, how the hell did you- and how do you know where I live! What made you think it was a good decision for you to just show up?!"
"Think about it?" Sherlock sighs finally, a hint of annoyance in his typical impatient manner, the brightness of the genius' eyes lighting the shadows that cast upon them behind the pillar. John's own eyes took in every inch of Sherlock's face before nodding slowly, letting his hand come to the back of Sherlock's neck and pressing his head forward with three strong spaced fingers.
Sherlock killed the engine and pulled at the handbrake. "Give me your phone", he held out his hand towards John with an expectant eyebrow raised.
"I've only ever seen them in books. I saw it from over there." Sherlock informed him, and John watched the setting sun filter through Sherlock's mussed curls as he traced his fingers along a lowered branch that was on the verge of snapping.
John watched him for a while, until he too dropped to the floor next to him, slightly slower and less agile because of his leg, but hitching himself upwards , hands sifting the gravel from the ground in fistfuls.
"And, uh- I mean, I don't know what your plans are but, I get my break in an hour or so, so if you fancied hanging around? I could buy you another drink?"
"Yeah- hi, Sherlock, give me a second- Just helping Danielle out here." John trailed off distractedly, and turned back to the uniformed pupil who had traces of tear-marks down her streaked make-up face, Sherlock noticed, and was scrawling fast sentences in a refill pad as John pointed to various diagrams in her textbook.
"Well he was bound to be angry! I would be angry if someone accused me of something like that when it isn't true!" Greg reasoned, frowning hard at the wood of the table in front of him.
"Have you noticed Sherlock becoming distracted by any other students? Perhaps, any other boys he sits near? Or his lab partner, maybe?"
John smiled warmly at him in return, knowing that most would interpret Sherlock's attitude towards the exam as arrogance, whereas after coming to know Sherlock as well as he did now, he knew of the truth the young man spoke, knowing that he was more than likely one of the smartest people John would ever have the pleasure to encounter in his life.
"Do you need to ask?" Sherlock gasped in return, somehow having lost his breath as his chest heaved up and down. John moved back to his lover's cock, and pressed the point of his tongue against the underside of the head, pleased at the delicious sounds Sherlock was making as he licked a wide stripe down to his testicles and sucked one gently into his mouth.
Sherlock looked down to the man next to him, confused. "Why?" He gave the teacher a look that said: w
It wasn't the first time Sherlock had followed John, but it was definitely the longest time he had attempted it for.
The older Holmes brother entered silently, as he always did, though with eyes trained to the movements and speech of Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock sensed him immediately. He also deduced a change.
Sherlock remained seated, turning the ignition off and reaching for the handbrake, his eyes trained solely on John. "Glencoe. Scottish Highlands. "
"Ah come on, the British embrace the crap weather, it's one of our only talents as a nation." John patted Sherlock's thigh where it rested alongside his.
"I really do need your help, Doctor Watson-" Sebastian winked at him daringly, and Sherlock actually let out a growl, his hand moving to the door-handle.
"Oh, I see, you're lost without your chemicals aren't you, dear? Well, some time away from explosions might do you good, what with all of this fire business lately." she hummed to herself, moving further away as she swept around the circular tables.
Though the air was cold the warm breath between them mingled and warmed John's face, aware of his mouth parting slightly at a loss of what to say. He found his eyes inexplicably drawn to Sherlock's perfectly sculpted cupid-bow lips.
He was met with a delayed response from the man sat at the opposite desk to him, his eyes darting up to the familiar concentrated frown of Mycroft Holmes, who was sat primly despite being in the same position for hours, glaring down at his computer screen. "Just past midnight."
He dug his fingers into the wooden frame of the bench in front of him, curling his nails into the soft MDF board and leaving crescent moon shapes underneath. He barely registered the half amused, half concerned glances that John was directing towards him every so often he was so overcome with rage.
"Excellent." The other man grinned toothily, clearly relieved and shaking a stunned John's hand quickly; excusing himself to attend his second period meeting. "Thanks, John-"
"Well. You did save my life, I suppose that grants some sort of an apology" Sherlock was attempting to be sincere, but still somehow managed to make John huff out a laugh, running his calloused hands over his worn-looking face.
"I trust you." he said, almost hesitantly, as if it put him under great discomfort to expose his mind and his feelings to another person. John supposed that it probably did, knowing how reclusive Sherlock usually was.
Greg watched as the man before him stood, concealing any scrap of emotion or chink of armour on his person that might have previously been exposed in Greg's presence.
Sherlock stood with a sigh, his coat feeling heavier on his shoulders today for some reason, and relished at the protruding shape of his lighter in his trouser pocket. He thumbed over the smooth plastic curve, deliberating on killing a bit more time until the end of the day or going home early to an empty and lonely house.
"I didn't know we were going to Scotland!" John pleaded his defence, throwing shoes over his shoulder from his suitcase about the room left, right and centre. Sherlock only just managed to dodge one, catching another mid-flight. "None of these bloody shoes are hike-appropriate."
His mind wandered to John as it often did these days, which left Sherlock  buried in a stubborn bubble of silence that he only realised he was in 45 minutes later when he shook himself out of it. Mrs Hudson was gone, Sherlock realised she must have attempted to speak to him and realised that he'd sunk into his mind palace again.
Greg stood in his bleary haze, focusing on the familiar figure, and immediately felt the adrenaline wash through him, his brain recognising a familiar pair of cerulean eyes, albeit shaped differently, and placed closer together. "That's me."
"Don't sound too excited" John added sarcastically, flinging an elastic band from his desk onto Sherlock's mop of curls where he is still looming at the window. He turned with a face of disdain and flinged the elastic band straight back to John.
"That's a very difficult question to answer" John laughed, scratching at the back of his neck, his eyes scanning the labels of the spirits mounted against the wall taps.
Sherlock had quietened now, they had laid him down on the stretcher and he was being instructed to breathe deeply into the gas and air machine, tracking his pulse simultaneously. John imagined the voice in Sherlock's head about how irritating these green-coated people were being, and barely held back a chuckle.
"Our mother was the only one who ever managed to bring him home whenever he went flying off the handle." said Mycroft. "I was never in a high enough position to have the resources to find him... I'm still not."
John slid into the other seat with a sigh, "I was going to offer to drive, since I'm assuming it will be long-haul, and I doubt you've driven out of London before."
"Okay...Sherlock. Take a seat." John was suddenly aware of how small he felt stood next to Sherlock. The teen was skinny, just on the edge of lanky, with an angular face and alien-liken features. Somehow, this didn't make him look as entirely unattractive as it should have.
"Oh, don't worry about it, dear! I'm sure Sherlock will keep me company for a little while. Nice to meet you, Doctor Watson." John was struck momentarily by the warmth of her hazel-brown eyes, and the genuineness of her smile. He blinked back at the elderly woman, who was stood with her hands clasped around her broom, the standard navy-blue tunic cleaners  uniform drowning her petite shoulders.
"You're in there, mate" Greg laughed again, pushing his empty glass to the inside edge of the bar. "Feel free to catch up with me tomorrow if you wanna cut this short for any reason" he teased.
what's going on?!" Sherlock shouted, his voice laced with aggression and defensiveness, his hand smacked against the marble of the lab-bench surface.
Sherlock glared back at him. To the common outsider, they simply looked like two men in a heated argument, two brothers facing a battle between them, dressed in formal clothing and not enough experience even between them to configure any sort of stalemate.
Doctor Watson checked his own pulse for signs of an approaching anxiety attack and excused himself to the bathroom.
"I'm not expecting anything from you here, Sherlock. Just relax," he pushed Sherlock onto his back, going on his hands and knees over him. "Let me take care of you," he said, eyes darker than usual from where Sherlock could see him, mouth hovering above his sternum.
After a rushed coffee and burnt mouth on John's part, Sherlock eventually hauls the doctor from his comfortable new favourite place upon one of the worn armchairs which sat in the living room.
"Well, either way, I'm glad you enjoyed it. You're filling out a bit too, in a good way." He emerged from the kitchen, walking around to the sofa adjacent to Sherlock's chair and throwing himself onto it with an 'oof'.
"No, Sherlock-" John sighed, planting his feet on the floor and moving past Sherlock to pull the blind across on his rectangular window next to the door, shoving the door wedge underneath the jamb.  He moved cautiously back over to the taller man, gripping the edges of his coat, moving his head into Sherlock's line of view where he was staring stubbornly at the floor.
Sherlock paused, clearly in thought, before he rolled onto his side in John's arms to face him. "Yes, but I only did all of that because it was hurting me to see you the way you were. It was like you'd had the life sucked out of you, all because of me."
Not that Lestrade noticed. He practically skipped away happily, "Good, now that's sorted. I'd better return to I.T. See you later, John. Sherlock- don't forget to email me your statement tonight."
John's brain panicked as soon as he recognised the voice of the head-teacher, a podgy middle-aged man with deep forehead wrinkles and abnormally large ears; knowing that there had to be a serious reason he was being called on in the middle of teaching.
"Uh- I mean.." Sherlock panicked, his heart beating into overdrive as his body tried to claw back the words that had escaped the prison inside him.
"I wish you'd tell me where you're headed before disappearing all the time!"  He shouted after him, coming to an abrupt stop behind Sherlock who was examining the tree.
Sherlock hadn't been particularly observant of Sebastian prior to realising that John taught him for AS Biology, but immediately realised that Sebastian was what one would call a predatory gay. Sherlock's eyes traced the styled quiff raised straight up from Sebastian's forehead, the tightness of his skinny jeans, riding low on his hips to reveal a neon-banded underwear brand, collar up on his fitted polo shirt.
He practically hung off your every word for God sake." He stood and paced the stretch of windows to the right side wall of the room, still ranting to himself.
"Mr Holmes has arrived," he hears a high voice announce and immediately mentally plans out all possible escape routes from the head-teacher's office. He is just contemplating the precise elevation angle needed to land onto the next building from the 7x10 single window when his brother enters the room.
John hyperventilates, imagining Sherlock trapped in that building, choking from smoke inhalation and crowded by flames.
"Do you want to do the honours?" Sherlock's deep voice rang in his ear, his body almost flush to John's. His large hand splayed just above the waistband of John's jeans, the other holding a set of keys retrieved from his backpack.
Which is why Greg was more than a little surprised to find an over-emotional Sherlock sitting curled up on his usual chair in their next tutor meeting, tears threatening to fall.
"This won't be the last time you'll see me, Lestrade." Sherlock said with confidence, an expressionless face making the sentence seem slightly strange.
"Excuse me, Dr Watson? Could I speak to Sherlock Holmes, please?" the head-teacher entered with a paler face than usual, and John felt himself go slightly pale at the thought of what Sherlock possibly could have done now and how many times they would allow his misbehaviour before he was expelled for it.
"Hi" John squeaked, blinking and clearing his throat, trying to drag his eyes away from the tightness of the crotch area of his dress-trousers. Sherlock's lips thinned for a moment, his hand tightening on the strap of his brown and battered leather satchel which was slung high over his shoulder. "You decided to show up then?"
John found himself laughing a little hysterically, as Sherlock allowed his lips to stretch slowly into a smile in response.
He was just about to apologise again when Mycroft headed for the roundabout, getting off at the third exit, the complete opposite direction to his neighbourhood. "Mycroft, it's too late to be driving all the way back into Belgravia, and you must be knackered. Just drop me home, I don't mind-"
Sherlock deduced the teacher's discomfort and withdrew himself, snapping back his mask of cool indifference and stepping out of the room, walking briskly away without looking back.
With well-practised ease, he slips in past a herd of younger students and blends into the crowd, surpassing the receptionist, turning up his coat collar and making a bee-line for the second floor steps.
"No buts," Sherlock stood, draining the last of his coffee and setting his hollow cup on the table. "We're leaving, John. We agreed before-"
"No! John, you can't go in there!" Greg panicked, shouting over student's voices, eyes frantically looking back towards the crowds of children still piling out from the building. "John! Just wait for the fire engines!"
"What?" Sherlock breathed, feeling himself getting even harder at the image of John's hand wrapped around his flushed cock.
John reached a hand to the mop of dark-auburn curls, cradling the genius' skull in his hand. He made sure to get direct eye contact with the boy before Sherlock could distract him any further with his pretty mouth and dirty tricks. John hummed in question, encouraging him to speak.
"I've had express orders from your brother to retrieve you from sixth form and transport you home. "
He stared at the skin before him, so unused to seeing anything but cold, pale flesh reminiscent of Greek marble. He noticed the freckles and moles, the scratches and scars, the warmth of John's golden-amber skin. Sherlock frowned, needing to get a closer look, and moving himself onto John's lap.
John frowned, trying to recall their full conversation from a couple of weeks ago. "I was under the impression we were speaking hypothetically, Sherlock. Not planning our imminent and daring escape."
Taking no notice of John's words, Sherlock grabbed his face again, needing to be closer to his lover. John was slowly but surely discovering Sherlock's love of kissing, feeling the burn of his stubble against his chin as he worked his hand inside the unzipped trousers to the dampness of Sherlock's boxers.
"So, you deny any romantic affiliation between my brother and yourself?" the elder Holmes asked directly.
John waited anxiously in the hallway, pacing about and poking his head around windows to check if any other surprise cleaners were working in the classrooms nearby.
"John-" his voice finally cracked, quiet and distant, watching John who looked like he was afraid to be within even a metre of him.
When it became close to next period, Sherlock stood and hitched his satchel over his shoulder, brushing shoulders with John as he lay down his empty mug next to his and left John with the smell of aftershave and faint cigarette smoke in a temporary cloud until his next class came pouring in.
At first glance, Greg didn't see Sherlock at all, he saw a spotty, chubbier faced teenager, with longer hair, wearing a black t-shirt emblazoned with the lettering '
"Wrong." Sherlock droned from the other side of the classroom, and John sent him a desperate look begging him not to start an argument with the new kid like he so desperately wanted to.
"Lestrade is being an idiot." He stated, walking swiftly past John and towards the pile of bags, to which he dug out his satchel that sat primly against the fence near Miss Hooper's tiny feet.
as a vibration against his own lips before he grasped Sherlock's biceps, feeling his body burst into flames at the press of Sherlock's cool fingertips against the small of his back registered through the thin material of his shirt.
"Well, it was about time I cooked for you, we've been splashing out on too many takeaways since being here and it's not doing much good for my ever-growing gut." he said with a pointed pat to his stomach, and disappeared into the next room.
"We're going to get caught straight away, aren't we?" John winced, looking over to Sherlock from the side.
"Not that dramatic, but yes, it was my sister. Impressive." He sent Sherlock a stern but helplessly amazed look by the young man's deduction skills, which earned another stroke to Sherlock's ever-growing ego as he sat there smirking in return.
"I want to help you, Mycroft." Greg stepped towards him cautiously, his voice soft. "Let me help you."
"So have you come to say goodbye to your favourite teacher, is that it? A week and a half left." He leaned over with suggestively raised eyebrows and nudged his shoulder into Sherlock's bony one.
Instead, he stood confused for a few minutes, watching the sleeping form of Sherlock Holmes and contemplated his sanity.
After John's unexpected outburst, and Sherlock's inexperienced attempt at comforting him, the pair of them had slowly migrated to opposing sofas in John's living room, with the usual intense and electric atmosphere returned between them.
They sat in another one of their comfortable silences until John gestured to the radio, telling Sherlock to put on what he would like. "I don't care much for the music of today" Sherlock replied quietly.
"Will you still be in over the following weeks? Using the labs and that?" the teacher asked, simultaneously tapping the shoulder of a passing year eight boy who had his shirt un-tucked and tie in his pocket.
Sherlock watched him as usual, silent and furtive until disturbed by John with a question, or until he thought of a question himself to ask John.
John breathed out, the cold air making it appear as a tunnel of smoke. "That's the problem." He looked down to their hands, their little fingers overlapping.
They'd just exited Northumberland, before Scottish flags came into view, motorway signs indicating they were approaching the border between England and Scotland.
"What was that about?" John asked as soon as the last student filtered out, leaving Sherlock who was packing his equipment away purposefully slowly.
John eventually escaped questioning an hour later, patted his pockets down for his car keys and ran to avoid the automatic doors closing on him as he dashed to the car park in the steady rain.
"You're coming," Lestrade forced. "It's compulsory for A2 Biology students, otherwise you won't even get an A-level."
"Shh-" He hushed, holding a hand out. John crossed his arms for a moment, leaning back against the gate of somebody's house, watching Sherlock standing alone.
." Greg pointedly ignored the attack at his intelligence and chose instead to move on to Sherlock's punishments.
I shall be deciding soon how many more chapters I should upload, and then I guess I could do an epilogue if there is demand for it, however I shall leave it up to you lovely people to decide if you want it or not after you have read the ending ;).
"Yes, Sir." The deep voice returned, tinged with humour and something akin to flirtation. John shifted in his seat and kept his eyes resolutely on the road.
Sherlock scowled at the last part, keeping his mouth shut and contemplating whether his thoughts  had ever encompassed the potential of a successful and happy life to begin with, before he'd even met John. He knew that they hadn't.
In order to not let his composure slip, John immediately launched back into teaching, going through the mark scheme for questions on the repercussions of kidney dialysis. Sherlock entered the room again 5 minutes later with a forceful shove to the door behind him with his foot to close it. He trudged back to his chair without looking at anyone, buried in his own head.
The teacher frowned to himself in the hallway; if he didn't know any better, it sounded like Mycroft Holmes was being told off.
In an instant he was gone, and Greg was left alone in the small room, feeling his damp shirt stick to his stomach and an itchiness at his collar.
"I know that you're not like anybody else." Sherlock said cautiously, tapping his finger against John's thumb. "That's all I need to know."
"Oh, Sir, I know the answer to this one!"  the shrill voice accompanied with a waving hand in the air echoed from the other end of the bench to him.
Sherlock watched him for a few seconds, and then pushed down the handle. "How would I possibly know that?" he questioned, and then left with a click of the shutting door, leaving Dr John Hamish Watson completely and utterly confused.
Consumed by the familiar warmth of a body underneath him, John acted on instinct, pressing his lips against Sherlock's into a deep kiss, his hand fell to the space of mattress at Sherlock's side, before moving to the hem of his t-shirt. He rubbed his thumb at the younger man's hipbone before sliding his hand up and underneath the material, against soft-untouched skin.  John's hands kept moving, his fingertips grasped his young lover's waistband instinctively.
"Why? It's still alive, I can save it." Sherlock rises to his feet, exposing the bottom of his suit trousers which were now splashed with mud. He cupped a small bluish-black bird in both of his hands, one of its wings broken in an array of dishevelled feathers sticking out at all angles, its small beak opening and closing weakly.
"It was no trouble" Mycroft supplies with a tight smile and squinted eyes. He sits gingerly on the other uncomfortable chair propped directly perpendicular to Sherlock's and makes a point of not looking at his younger brother.
." Greg cursed, waving over one of the marshals frantically. "Have any of you seen Sherlock?" he asked the other students in his tutor, though they stood there with blank looks on their face as if they had never even dared to speak to Sherlock let alone know where he was.
"Rules are there for a reason, to keep you safe" Mrs Hudson chided, waving a finger in his direction to emphasise her point.­­
They'd ventured into a small strip of old-fashioned shops, apparently just around the corner from the main square of Glencoe village. Exhausted after climbing, hiking, and sightseeing but a few of the vast and breathtaking hills of Scotland, and seeking rest, John had convinced Sherlock to walk the extra quarter-mile to the centre.
John eventually gets him to shut up, and begins to move around the white board, drawing diagrams for mitosis and going back over the processes Sherlock had missed in his absence. The only problem was that Sherlock interrupted him every two minutes by finishing John's sentences for him, if only to prove a point, that he didn't need these catch up sessions at all.
Mycroft took one pointed look at the head-teacher who was settling down in his own leather chair, one which had clearly dimpled from his weight, and remained standing.
Before either man could speak again, a sharp knock shook them out of whatever strange state they'd managed to settle themselves into, and an assistant appeared immediately in the doorway.
Surprised to see anybody that wasn't a teacher around at this time after-school at all, John startled slightly when he recognised the alabaster skin and dripping wet dark curls, head angled away and exhaling a cloud of smoke.
Greg harrumphed, falling back into his chair and folding his arms. "This is ridiculous, you're a grown man! He can't control you, or your guy- you're all adults, I don't understand what all the fuss is about."
He fell forward onto his elbows either side of John's face, their noses bumping, Sherlock's eyelashes fanning out over John's cheeks. John pushed at the gathering of Sherlock's hair that had fallen forward over his eyebrows, attempting to tuck the stubborn curls behind his ear. "You clearly haven't seen yourself then, love."
highlight the truth when a teacher obviously incapable of teaching is dictating to me the importance of something as elementary as
"Fucking hel- oh-" he hissed, almost falling backwards off his wheeled chair in surprise at the interruption of the quiet. His eyes swung back to the figure in the doorway, partially blocking out the light from the corridor with its height. The man's head fell just below the top of the door-way.
" Sherlock sits back in his seat with a wince at the uncomfortable backrest poking at his spine, turning back to glare at said opposing chair.
"Right. I probably should have expected an answer like that." His phone buzzed in his pocket as he frowned in response to Sherlock. His lock-screen lit up with a message.
Sherlock's mind immediately returned to John Watson. If he was being honest, he really wasn't sure how to respond to Lestrade's question.
"I know you have limitations, we all do, but I told you I'd help you find your brother. That's what I'm going to do."
John's eyes slid over the open throated neckline of Sherlock's shirt, lingered on a button and then fell back to his face, which was staring back at him with calmness.
He stood with his arms crossed, letting out the occasional grunt, seen to be grumbling and cursing under his breath at the polished floor.
"I've just never been, is all." he said, sliding his hand down to Sherlock's thigh. "I've heard that it's beautiful."
"I never want to eat again." Sherlock groaned, holding his stomach and curling further into himself as John moved around him, gathering plates from the small table.
Greg grunted in return, the wind sending his fringe flying upwards, the lapels of his coat flapping. "I'm going to kill him if he goes near that forest. I'm not tracking him down, he can sleep here tonight for all I care!"
"Sweaty palms, fidgeting, lack of eye-contact" Sherlock deduced out loud and then stopped abruptly at the look on his teacher's face. "Sorry, I... is this inappropriate?"
John wasn't a particularly worrisome human being, but Sherlock Holmes had always had a habit of just appearing as soon as you were thinking about him. In this case however, John couldn't lay eyes on him anywhere.
John sighed and pocketed the device, bringing his attention back to Sherlock who was staring intently at the phone in his pocket. "Family member, estranged although trying to gain contact, from the observation of ignorance from your side you are not as interested as the featured party. So, rivalry there, statistically less likely to be parents due to your age-"
"You're a public services teacher!" Sherlock complained, not keen on having his un-official guardian trailing around after him berating him every chance he gets.
"Sevens and Eights mostly." she responded meekly, offering a small smile and sitting straighter in her uncomfortable chair. She pulled off the lid of her plastic lunchbox, taking out a small, crust-less cucumber sandwich, cut into a neat and precise triangle, taking a small bite from the corner.
Sherlock closed his eyes again until he heard a scuffing of dress-shoes on wooden floorboards and realised that Mycroft had not left, he had closed the door behind him. He groaned. "Go away Mycroft"
Before John could reply, Mycroft had turned the corner and left, the click-clack of his shoes fading away from the room, his presence replaced with that of a young woman wearing a sharp pencil skirt, tapping away on her phone.
"I'm terribly sorry, we take full responsibility for our employee. Whilst Dr Watson has not technically been unlawful due to Mr Holmes' age, this kind of behaviour is obviously unacceptable. We will be having strong,
Sherlock was struck between wanting to watch Dr Watson's calloused fingers brushing rhythmically against his, and watching John's face contort with the effort of concentration, the dent between his eyes defining, the laugh lines around his eyes squinting together, his blue eyes flickering back and forth over Sherlock's pale skin. Sherlock found himself feeling quite breathless when John's lips parted unconsciously.
"Yes," John interrupted, something like jealousy rising to his chest. "He often comes across older than he is."
He blinked furiously in response, as if it would bleach the memories from his mind. "I thought I deleted it..." he mumbled to himself, looking everywhere but at John, who had his hands either side of Sherlock's face.
"Thank you," he breathed, his hand reaching for Sherlock's face and then hesitating mid-air. "I uh, I'll only be an hour."
Greg raised his eyebrows, a teasing smile meeting his lips at the obvious attempt at flirting coming from the 20-something bartender, he was tall, wearing a tight waistcoat with blonde hair that flopped sideways over his green eyes. Eyes that were now looking up and down appreciatively at John's figure.
Sherlock felt anger bubbling higher in his chest as Sebastian's lithe form slinked closer to John's oblivious body.
"Can't imagine why." John squared his shoulders, reaching into his pocket and feeling the shape of his phone protruding.
"Right," John patted his knees and stood, lifting the stool he was sitting on and shoving it back behind the tables. "Okay, well, I just wanted to know you were okay, I suppose" John scratched his head. If he was honest with himself, he didn't even know why he'd wanted to speak to Sherlock alone, was it to see if he lived up to the hype? To see if he matched all those rumours floating around the staff room?
Mycroft's agents were on red alert. After searching the premises of the Holmes' estate four times over and finding little evidence to suggest that Mr Holmes' brother had returned home had begun to make the panic set in.
"Aren't you going to give me a tour?" Sherlock asked from where he was sprawled out along John's huge fabric sofa.
John watched him as he slowly thumbed open the lock screen to be met with notifications of his own. "4 Missed calls, Sixth form." he read aloud in his baritone voice. "Text. From...Lestrade?" he frowned in confusion, until the lines quickly disappeared from his face in realisation. "Must have accessed my file from the school database."
Finally deciding that John clearly wasn't going to appear for their usual Wednesday morning slot, he closed the door behind him and sought Lestrade's classroom, barging in without knocking.
"Sherlock, if you miss one more doctor's appointment I will personally send a squad of secret service agents to break into that ridiculous school and set fire to the entirely new refurbished science labs, in the hopes you will accept some of your actual responsibilities instead of spending the entirety of your time in the company of hydrochloric acid and that entirely unimportant retired soldier you have become so enamoured by and have been attempting to hide from me for weeks now. You have been warned."
"Oh, Sherlock" he sighed, his voice softer than usual. Sherlock visibly flinched at the comforting tone coming from his older brother, he knew that the Holmeses had never indulged in emotional bonding, the closest member of the family to be openly emotional would've been his mother, who was no longer with them.
He exhaled suddenly, something that sounded close to a sigh of defeat, and turned towards his desk, retrieving a blank white CD contained within a clear plastic wallet casing.
And there it was, the punch to the gut that John was dreading. He felt his throat close unexpectedly, a metal ball settle in the pit of his stomach. "So it
"Why should you care?" he repeated again in rapid fire questioning, not budging from the spot his feet were mounted on.
Sherlock shook his head, his gaze on the ground. John tilted his own head backwards, his eyes ducking underneath Sherlock's hanging curls to spot the pinkness rising to his cheeks and smiled.
Sherlock cursed underneath his breath, retrieving his phone from his pocket and glaring at the screen that flashed with the name
"Oh, no, I- That wasn't me, I'm Sherlock's tutor. Dr John Watson here saved him from the fire" Greg gestured directly over to John who finally jumped down from the van, paramedics be damned.
"Yes, but I can see what the secrecy of our relationship has been doing to you, John." Sherlock spoke with a voice filled with such wisdom John found himself completely awestruck by the reminder of the actual age-gap between them.
"So, what? You're just waiting for something to appear? Scotland is bloody massive!"  Greg stood from his seat.
"Hopefully," Sherlock nodded, his eyes trained on John's thick hands. "I have something planned for tomorrow morning. In which case, you'd better pack a suitcase."
In Sherlock's usual seat, there was a mop of dark curls face down in crossed arms on the desk in front of him, the boy's back rising and falling softly with a faint grumbling sound of a snore.
Lestrade noticed John glancing over to them, standing shorter than Sherlock, he really did not look like a teacher compared to the young Holmes. "That one there next to him is John, he teaches Biology. He's a doctor, actually."
Sebastian’s name was shouted again from the top of the hill. A man was gesturing to him. When John squinted and put his hand to his forehead to shade his eyes, he still was unsure who stood up there. He could not imagine who wanted to see Sebastian, but John was grateful that he was called away. Nodding in response to his mumbled excuse, John released the sigh he had been holding.
John shook his head, grinning.   Sherlock enjoyed his disguise far too much. Although he should be angry that he was poking fun at his neighbors, John wanted to treasure these moments they would have before Sherlock must leave.
John nodded with a sigh. “You are right. I will not tell anyone the truth because I want to keep you alive. I love you.”
He knew instantly that this must be Sir Albert Moran. The handsome features of his son had grown thick with the passage of years, leaving Sir Albert with jowls that hung heavily along his jaw. Gray lined his thinning hair, and he clearly needed spectacles, because he was squinting at Lord Watson. His clothes, Sherlock noted with an appreciative eye, were as well made as his son’s. Mayhap John would hesitate to buy a piece of silk that might have been brought to England by an owl plying the Channel, but Sir Albert seemed to have no such scruples. His waistcoat was of elegant silk brocade that caught the light to shimmer with his every motion.
“I wasn’t.” He sat on the chair and tugged off his boots. Stifling a yawn, he shrugged. “I did not want to wake you. Why don’t you go to sleep?”
John tossed a pebble into the stream. His hope that a walk across the summer leas and into the woods would ease his aching heart had come to naught. As when he had tried to ease his frustrations over Harry entering the army, he found no comfort.
Fingering the fine hair behind John’s ear, he teased the crescent. As John shivered with the power of his heated breath, he pressed closer.
“I do, for I was once as idealistic as he is.”  The fiddles squawked as they were being tuned, and Sherlock smiled. “I wish they would play a waltz or two.”
Their breathing was uneven when Sherlock set John’s feet back on the stone riser. John gazed into his eyes, then reached up and brushed a stubborn lock back from his brow. With a smile, Sherlock offered his arm. John put his hand on it as he walked with him the last few steps.
“But, sweetheart, no one knows but you.” When John flinched and would have turned away, Sherlock caught him by the shoulders. “I know you will not betray me.”
When John hesitated, Sherlock said, “Go along, John, while I finish loading my wagon. I am nearly done, and I told Harry I would join her for something cool to drink when I was finished. I will see you back at the house.”
“Sergeant, cease your threats,” the captain said, his accent even more free of an accent than John’s. “He is frightened almost to death.”
“What else would we speak of?” John’s laugh was brittle as he noticed the surreptitious glances in their direction as they walked toward the shore. “It’s the same topic I wager everyone else must be speaking of.”
John stared at them. None of this made sense. If they wished to negotiate a peace with France, they should be acting as if Sherlock were their ally, not their enemy.  He could not say that, because doing so would divulge the truth that must stay within his heart.
“No damage, Harriet.” When Harry grimaced, Aunt Hudson patted her on the buttocks as she had when Harry was a toddler. “Go and sit with your brother. Greg, will you join us, or are you going to continue to brood and be utterly tiresome?”
John gasped and pulled away to leave him grasping nothing but air. His emotions mixed over being called a good Omega.
“I shall not be dishonest with you, sweetheart. You did point me to a possible rendezvous spot, and I did wake up, night after night, to meet with my men and their allies, the smugglers. But, night after night, I delayed a few minutes longer in going to a meeting because I was caught up in the splendor of the moonlight illuminating your face as you slept. I ached to remain here with you, to wake you up with my kisses, to make you my mate in truth. Yet to seduce you and leave you was too cruel even for me, so I knew I must keep to my original plan to arrange an annulment.”
Sherlock’s voice rasped with desire as he whispered, “My sweet John, I am afire with yearning for you. I’m not attempting to seduce you from your loyalties, just into my arms.”
“Yes.”  He replied, but it was mostly a lie.  Father would have nothing in the house that might possibly have been brought to England by the smugglers who plied the channel. No tea, no brandy, no silk.
Sherlock smiled. “He clearly knows these downs better than I, for I think I walked halfway to Brighton before I realized I was going in the wrong direction.”
John’s fingernails bit into Sherlock’s arm. When Sherlock loosened them, giving him a grim smile, John leaned closer to him. He had not wanted to believe him when Sherlock said Sir Albert wanted John more for himself than for his son. When he glanced at his father, John saw realization dawning in his furious eyes. He looked at his aunt, who nodded sagely.
John expected a retort, but Mr. Holmes only placed the tea in his hands again. When John started to give it back, he put his hand atop it. The cloth warmed with his touch. He should have pulled away, but he couldn’t bear the chance of the tea falling into the dust. At least, that’s what he told himself as he savored the surprising pleasure of that warmth.
Sherlock smiled, but his eyes remained serious. “I didn’t intend that. Just a manner of speaking, and not a very good one, if I am to judge by your expression.”
He almost asked why Father wondered, when John drove Auntie into the village so often. Then he guessed his father had thought he might be worried about facing censure from the villagers. John wondered what tales were racing through the village, but did not ask.
John should caution Sherlock about Sebastian’s temper.  He’d seen Sebastian strike a man from his feet with a single blow. The man had not awakened for so long, they feared he was dead. But John could not speak of that when Sebastian stood beside him.
Firing Miss Donovan a fearsome scowl, Harry interjected, “John! Oh, good! Greg, you and Sherlock are here too.” She panted as she straightened her clothes. “You will not believe what I just heard.”
When his hand brushed John’s arm, he drew back in dismay. He did not want to delight in a traitor’s caress. “Don’t touch me!”
From the door, Aunt Hudson asked, “Where is that girl? Being late is an unattractive thing in a child.” She opened the door and peered out.
Reverend Hooper came around the table, his hands folded in front of him. “It may ease your dismay, Sir Albert, to realize this is not unusual. Even if Sebastian and John had been formally betrothed, a betrothal can be ended upon the young people.”
John slid out from under him to see his right arm had disappeared under the wagon. He crawled past Mr. Holmes and pushed against the wagon.
“Exactly.”  John reached for Greg’s hands, but he folded his arms in front of him. “Greg, you don’t care a rap for Miss Donovan. So why are you offering for her when I know you care so much for Molly.”
“He should make inquiries also into the question of whether they are obtaining help from the French.”
John wondered if everything was going to go wrong today. He had hoped to sneak into Watson Hall unseen, but as Aunt Hudson walked toward him, he knew that was now impossible.
“Do not slay him.” The officer muttered something under his breath, then added, “Just keep him quiet. You heard the captain’s orders.”
John glanced from one to the other, then left the sitting room. Damn! Sebastian Moran might not be as loathsome as his father, but he did not in any way want to marry him. He disliked the lascivious stares and coarse jests, which were more appropriate for a pub of rowdy Alpha’s than for an Omega of good stock. Worst though, were the rumors of the part Sebastian had played in the capture of a smuggler who had been betrayed by his own men and sent to hang. Word was, Sebastian Moran had given his name to the authorities in order to gain control of the smugglers and a share of their profits.
“Then, John,” The minister said, interrupting thoughts which brought more heat to John’s face, “’Tis time to say your vows with this man you love.”
“I was called away with the tidings of a confirmed sighting of French soldiers on the shore not far east of the village.”
When John glanced behind them and saw no one, Sherlock chuckled. “I did not kiss you to create a public spectacle.”
Yet… he grasped John’s arms and tugged him to his chest again. John’s chest brushed against him with his swift breaths as he recaptured his lips.  Boldly, hungering for his every intriguing flavor, his tongue probed his mouth. John’s fingers gripped his sleeves, then slipped up through his hair. Sherlock teased his tongue to caress his own, and John swayed against him, offering him an invitation to the rapture that would not be interrupted in the green bower.
Now that Auntie had arrived, the beating of the bounds could begin. In short order, Harry led the way out of the gate, as if she were the baron, instead of younger child.
“Don’t look so shocked. You haven’t had a chance to meet her because she’s been visiting in Canterbury.”
John glanced at the pistol in Sherlock’s hand. “I see you and my sister have been getting some fresh air.”
“Silence, Omega!” snapped his father. “This is not the fine marriage I would have wished for you, but it is clear that you had no such interest in such a mating. I shall arrange for a special license to be issued without delay. Harry, alert Reverend Hooper.” His dark eyes gleamed with rage. “I want no chance of you, Sherlock, changing your mind in the dawn-light and leaving my son with a reputation that cannot be salvaged.”
John mouthed his name as he stared at Sherlock. He was dressed in the casual clothes he had worn when John first saw him.  He wondered where his uniform was, then recalled the secret compartment in Sherlock’s wagon. No wonder he had been so determined that John would get no more than a quick glance at its contents.
Cold water trailed down the collar of Sherlock's button up as he sputtered soggily.  Head still spinning, he glared ineffectually at John.
Greg mumbled something else and stood, going to look out the window that gave him a view across the fields toward the Donovan’s house.
John almost recoiled from the fury in Mr. Holmes eyes. Then he realized it wasn’t aimed at him. How glad he was of that, for Mr. Holmes’ easy going smile covered a strong temper that pierced through him.
He picked up something and threw it at the fleeing shadow. It missed the man, but John heard another shout. Looking up, he saw the wagon moving. He tried to scramble out of the way. What a fool he was! That rock must have been keeping Mr. Holmes wagon in place.
Sherlock cleared his throat before saying, “My lady, this sounds like a matter of interest to your family. I would be glad to leave.”
John laughed. “So you are the one they convinced this year to wade out and look for a marker that never existed?”
John stepped back when the door opened. Auntie went in, motioning for him to stay where he was. Candles burned on every surface within the chapel, their flames keeping the sunlight from reaching far past the stained glass. Instead of being empty, the chapel was filled with the household staff and Molly. John wanted to rush forward and take his friend’s hands and ask her help to find a way out of this mess. When he saw no one standing by the alter, his heart thudded against his chest. Where was Sherlock? Had he - ? He did not want to consider any of the reasons he might not be here.
“Do you wish me to?”  Sherlock’s fingers quested along John’s cheek to his ear. A single fingertip traced its curve, lingering behind it. His gentle caress sent a bolt from John’s skin to spiral deep within him.
John yelped as Moran lunged at Sherlock. Hands grabbed him. Tugged him back against Sebastian’s chest, he struggled to escape. He saw his father motion to one of the footmen, but yelped again as Sir Albert’s blow went wide. Sir Albert whirled to face Sherlock who had moved easily out of the way.
“I thought it might.” He gave John an indulgent smile as Sherlock took his hand and drew it within his arm. “We can speak more later, Sherlock.”
As he stuck his thumbs in the waistband of his breeches, Sebastian Moran grinned. The expression John hated glinting in his dark eyes. “What happened to you?”
John glanced at Sherlock. To hear the pastor speak of love with such ease unsettled him. He wanted to shout that he was not in love with Sherlock, but he remained silent. Auntie was right. Sherlock was right. It was too late for the truth. It was too late for anything but marrying a man he barely knew to begin a new life he could not imagine.
Without that horrible, green uniform, his ebony hair shone, even in the dim light, against the high collar of his shirt. Sherlock smiled, and John wanted to smile back, to have the afternoon be nothing but a nightmare brought on by the storm.
Quietly, Sherlock asked, “Do you want me to leave here and never come back, John? Do you want me to leave you with a ruined reputation?”
He picked up a stick as he walked and vented his spleen on a nearby tree, letting out a yell as his anger spent.  As the anger dissipated, it left a listless ache and he drifted back toward the manor, already dreading seeing Harry again at dinner.
He smiled. “My lady, despite the kindness offered by you, your nephew, and his family, I must remind you that I am a petitioner here.”
John put a hand on his arm. “Greg, the villagers look forward to this all year. Molly was telling me only a few weeks ago of how she was sending to Brighton for special fabric for her gown.”
His eyes widened as he saw Greg. He’d not said a word to John through all of this. John wanted to put his arms around Greg and assure him that he had not shamed him or the rest of the family.
He shook away thoughts of the Moran family again.  The only good thing about learning of Harry’s plans was that it had taken his mind off of Sir Albert’s plans to match his son with John.  Sir Albert had recently called on Father in order to present his arguments, yet again, for how this engagement would benefit both families.  Father had yet to make a decision and John was content to let it lie as long as possible.
John sighed as he offered yet another excuse for his missing mate. Where was Sherlock? He was torn between fury and anxiety. It was not like Sherlock to leave like this. Was it? John almost laughed aloud. He could not guess what Sherlock might do, because he was still almost as much a stranger as on the day they’d met.
John could not hide his flinch at Harry’s words. To be honest and reveal that Sherlock planned to annul their marriage would add more oil upon the already fierce fire simmering behind barely polite smiles.
"Yes, Madam..." Greg checked the time on his phone quickly, sliding it back into his pocket and getting ready to turn the handle and enter "Have a pleasant evening, Madam."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly, something in the back of his mind registering that such a characteristic had recently been inherited from Mycroft, which irritated Sherlock to no end. He deduced what he could from the way John was standing, apprehensively with his fingers grasping the material on the inside of his pockets, the state of his un-buttoned cuffs rolled to the elbow and his dress shoes covered in a slight sheen from walking across the wet grass to the block where he knew Sherlock usually went to smoke.
"I heard it crying when I was in the field, I had to jump over the river to reach it, it was wedged underneath a fallen branch at the foot of a tree. It would have drowned." Sherlock explained, words flowing out at the speed of light.
With the prelude of heavy footsteps and laboured breath, Mycroft is chased down by a man with cropped hair and a striped blue tie blowing over the shoulder of his pressed white shirt. "Excuse me? Do you have the time?"
"So, not exactly the best person that could have overheard our conversation from earlier." Sherlock stated with a raised eyebrow.
His hands reached for John's again, managing to pull them apart this time, taking the initiative to thread his fingers through and wait for the shaking to steady.
John was  immediately escorted to the open floor plan of an abandoned car-park, with grey concrete walls and piles of rubble surrounding faded yellow parallel lines.
He didn't check his phone again until reaching home, having read some statistic in the papers that morning about the amount of road accidents caused by mobile phones, he decided it would be much safer to wait until he was in the security of his own house before reading the rest of his messages.
The bell eventually rang for lunchtime, and Sherlock stared Anderson out as he trotted to the front desk and handed John his paper with a flourish. Sherlock began to plan ways to get the paper from John later on, knowing how easily distracted the doctor could become.
They'd cleaned up lazily, pulling the covers back over themselves in a silent agreement that they would spend the rest of the evening in bed, instead of going down to do something productive like the washing up, or tidying up the living room. Instead, they slouched against each other in bed, mostly in silence as Sherlock read John parts of a new book he'd picked up at one of their visits into the village, it was originally named
"Sherlock?" He decided to wake him, "Sherlock, wake up.", with a hesitant shake to his shoulder, Sherlock snapped awake immediately, startled at his surroundings.
"John!" he heard a nearby voice, and turned to register Greg running towards the vehicle. "Are you okay? You fucking idiot- why did you do that for?" he went to punch John in the shoulder and hesitated halfway from the fragile looking state of his face. Dark circles surrounded his bloodshot eyes, the hint of soot dusting his wrinkled clothes and his face, Greg stared at him with pity whilst John wrestled with his uncomfortably tight top shirt button.
"He was jealous," Sherlock said, still watching John. "One of the reasons you had such a difficult relationship with your father as a child and adolescent."
"John", he croaked, launching into another coughing fit at the persistent itching and dryness in his throat.
And that was it, Sherlock watched as John broke down before him, ­his frame shook with the pressure of bottling it all in, and Sherlock felt his knees weaken beneath him as he dropped to the floor in front of John's seat. "John-"
Five minutes later, once Sherlock had explained to him the nature of the smoking complaint made by the member of staff through the head teacher, Lestrade packed up his folders and shoved them into a drawer close to his desk. "Okay, we're about done here. You can go for lunch. See you on Thursday."
"No-" Greg started, cutting Mycroft's rebuttal off with a simple word. "You are not spending another second in this place. You'll drive yourself barmy."
Sherlock lifted himself from the chair, pushing his microscope away and entering the store room where some of the equipment was kept. He reached for the jar she wanted in one fluid movement without stretching, passed it back down to her for her to dust and then placed it back on the top shelf.
There were a few last people rushing from the building past him down the stairs, being evacuated by adults that John ignored when they screamed at him asking what the hell he was doing.
Mycroft returns at the end of the week, and Sherlock is annoyed to have his presence lurking around the house once more. He is also trying harder than ever to keep his thoughts inaccessible, not wanting his brother to find out about Dr Watson yet. Dr Watson was
"Just because whites make the first move does not guarantee eventual success" Sherlock moved his knight forward in defiance.
"On second thoughts..." Sherlock turned quickly, jogging back around the shape of John's car which shone dully in the dim light of the street-lamp.
"Same problem, we'd never get past the border." John replied, amused at how their conversation had progressed into jokes about eloping from London. He felt as though he were one half of a Shakespearean lovers pair, desperately arranging plans to flee the court from a restrictive Duke Mycroft. He laughed aloud at his own thoughts.
"Just following orders." John smirked, reaching forward to touch a finger to Sherlock's collar bone, caressing along to his shoulder, pushing the material of the polo shirt aside.
"I believe you would enjoy perusing the sights." the baritone voice came from the small room opposite.
John watched with confusion as Greg visibly swallowed, looking entirely flustered as he gripped the man's hand. "Yes, yes- And you are?"
"Like an airport" Greg concluded. Mycroft nodded. "I just don't see why John would have gone along with this. Sherlock has some hair-brained ideas sometimes, John knows that, why would he have risked his job by not offering any explanation of the truth? He was clearly just worried about Sherlock, as he usually is, and wanted to make sure he wasn't hurting himself...I don't understand why he would let people accuse him of being something he isn't."
The echo of his father’s laughter followed John up the stairs. He and Sherlock had spent some time on the short journey from the Donovan’s debating how their host had managed such sensationally good luck at cards that night.
His gaze flickered to the Moran house, farther north and closer to the water. It hunkered there, reminding him of the shared property line between the two families’ lands and the good sense of matching her with Sebastian. Once the Moran family had been vassals of Lord Watson, but in recent centuries, they had gained prestige and wealth of their own, a fact that Sir Albert bragged about on a regular basis. Moran Park was far more exquisitely decorated than Watson Hall yet the idea of living there, being mated to Sebastian, and being the son-in-law of Sir Albert horrified him.
Nodding, John stood. What had he thought his aunt would say? That he should not waste a second of the few hours he had left with Sherlock?
“Sherlock assures me it is.” He glanced back at the village. “I should go and see if Auntie is ready to leave.”
John’s shoulders shifted under his coat. Once the mist drifted back out to the sea, the day would grow warm, but, for now, he needed the coat’s warmth. He stood on the front steps of Watson Hall and watched the people gathered in what had been the inner bailey when the hall had been called a castle. There must be more than three-score villagers and residents of the shire in the courtyard, but it was preternaturally silent.
John eased away from Sir Albert, amazed that he released him. Then he realized Sir Albert knew John had no escape from what he had planned for him. He would prove him wrong. John spun about to flee. His arm was grabbed, and he was turned around to see one of the men raise his gun and drive the butt against the coachee’s head.  John shouted.
“I believe that is what he said.” John set the packet on the counter. Curiosity taunted him. On his other visits here with Father, Mr. Jensen had been effusive and jolly, not alternately smiling and frowning. Since Sherlock’s arrival, no one acted as they customarily did… except Sebastian. John did not want to think of him and his assumption that John would not only mate with him but would be honored to do so.
He swiped at his wet hair as he stepped into the gloomy barn. Odors of animals and rotten hay fouled the air, but John paid that no mind as he stared at the five men crouched in the center of the floor. When they did not look up, he saw they had a sheet of paper on the floor between them.
He started to say yes, then shook his head. “If Sebastian sees you, he may not guess that I have skipped the rest of the beating of the bounds. Then he won’t come looking for me.”
When Sherlock’s arm curved around John’s shoulders, he drew away. He must not allow Sherlock to touch him. Not now… not when he needed to remain free of the fascinating tangle Sherlock created with his eager caresses.
John wanted to call to him, but could not. Even a whisper might alert the man on the window ledge that he was awake. The window rattle softly, then opened wider. Swallowing another yelp, he strained to find Sherlock. He must be there.
John despised the smugglers, who broke the King’s laws, but a lack of loyalty was the most vile crime he could imagine. He could never mate with anyone who would betray another. He intended to tell Father that.
If someone else spoke, John did not hear. He did not breathe. Only his eyes moved as he met Sherlock’s verdigris gaze. It took every bit of his courage not to lower his eyes, for he feared seeing his fury at being dragged into a battle which was not his.
“After all, a minister’s daughter would be a good addition to this family that seems too often in trouble of late.”
John nodded, but had no chance to speak as Aunt Hudson outlined her plans for how the beating of the bounds would be held. No one had a chance to speak, save her. Greg’s glower grew grimmer and grimmer. Harry’s smile broadened.
Sherlock had sent him a single message.  Although he was not certain how he had managed to sneak it under John’s pillow without being seen, he was glad he had found it before Elsa had.  He doubted if his maid would have been able to restrain her curiosity.
He stepped closer, backing John further into the narrow space that was rumored to be a priest’s hole three hundred years ago. Mayhap it had been, because no one walking along the hall would see them until coming nearly upon them.
“I’m glad Father was sensible about that,” Harry announced, standing. “Sarah Sawyer has never said anything worth listening to.”
After she swung up to sit next to her great-aunt, Harry slapped the reins on the horse and drove on toward the gate.
“I thought you would never ask.” Lady Hudson tapped his arm again with her fan as she slipped a hand through his arm.
“Apparently you already know some of the smugglers well.  I have heard that tale repeated from the minister to Mr. Jensen…”  John stared at Sherlock. He had delivered that packed to Mr. Jensen at his warehouse.  For the first time since that day, John wondered what had been in it.
Sherlock’s respect for the baron increased tenfold when his voice remained calm. “That is not what I said, Albert. I must give the whole of this more thought.”
They were halfway across the garden, separated from the house by the copse at the edge of the water garden when John halted midword and Sebastian’s arm clamped around his waist.  John almost yelped when he was whirled against Sebastian.
“We simply had a conversation,” replied Lord Watson with quiet dignity. “Nothing was decided about a betrothal announcement.”
