Ellen sighed and crossed her arms.  “Well, I guess that’s close as it gets.  You can’t help being the man’s man that you are, I reckon.  Just know, you can go do some heartbreaking of your own too.”
Cas huffed a laugh, running his hands through his hair and plucking at the tight see-through black long sleeve shirt he wore.  It was pretty unlike him, but maybe that’s what he needed.  He’d gone to a designer store in town, and let a younger sales girl pick out his clothes.  He’d said he wanted to dress ‘gay sex machine,’ and she had clapped her hands in delight and started pulling clothing from the shelves.  He ended up with the shirt, a pair of black jeans that were so tight they left little to the imagination, and black suede boots.  It was so far different from his usual.  It felt scary and exhilarating at the same time.  Maybe he would fuck some rando tonight, instead of playing Dancefloor Avenger.
Dean broke out into a sweat before he even touched it.  He had meant to come look for an extra duvet for one of the hunters, and the light had been on in the ensuite, and there it was.
“Yeah, well Balthazar said you guys didn’t fuck so I guess he’s a liar, then.  You always do this to your friends, huh?  String them along, make them want you?  That’s fucked up Cas.”
He listened as Cas’s footsteps walked away and got up gingerly, wondering if he should remove the plug and shower, and just be done for the night.  He caught his reflection again- bed head, black panties twisted around his cock, and if he leaned over slightly, he could see the flat end of the plug.  It looked so naughty against his skin- and if he stood up straight, his ass cheeks covered it pretty well.
Cas nodded.  “I tried to smoke weed and get laid, but I wasn’t into it and Balth wasn’t either.  We just hung out and fell asleep after a failed blowjob.”
Dean rubbed his back, enjoying the way Cas’s body seemed to line up against him, warm and pliant.  “No wonder you’re exhausted- let me call Sam and tell him I will be home a day later.  I’ll get a motel room and you can sleep in a bed, okay?”
Dean sat up all the way.  Was he flirting with this guy?  He was pretty sure he was just being normal.  And Cas thought he had pretty eyes?
Cas unfurled his wings without a second thought and took off.  In an instant, he was barreling through the ceiling of the bunker, much to the surprise of a few hunters relaxing in the library.
Cas glanced back and forth between his wings and Dean for a moment, confused.  “Perhaps Michael has left residue of his grace behind, enabling you to see them.”  Sounded plausible.  Of course it just made Cas’s grace twist with ugly jealousy; Dean was
Cas slid back down Dean’s body and pushed his knees up to his chest, slowly working out the plug and tossing it aside.  He pulled the last one from the packaging and held it up for Dean to see.  It was large, but Cas’s dick was bigger.  Dean nodded and held his ass cheeks open.
Ellen sighed and crossed her arms.  “Well, I guess that’s close as it gets.  You can’t help being the man’s man that you are, I reckon.  Just know, you can go do some heartbreaking of your own too.”
Cas:  I’m Cas’s oldest friend.  We were in school together, and our very annoying parents have been friends for decades.
Dean could barely make it through the interview.  His eyes kept sliding back over to Cas, seeing how relaxed and happy he looked.  It wasn’t a normal state for the angel, but it looked good on him.
I'll update the tags, but this chapter has Cas/other dudes, so beware, but know in your heart that I will always bring together the boys at the end because I am a smooshy romantic and I believe in Destiel.
Dean hissed and pushed back, making Cas’s finger go deeper.  “More, I can handle more,” Dean moaned.
He felt Dean shift slightly under him, and him struggle to find Cas in the darkness.  Then he relaxed and a door opened, and Cas slid in deep, much deeper than he had physically, much deeper than he expected.  He was sure Dean would resist him, but he was wide open.
Dean squeezed him tighter.  “I’m scared too.  This feels big.  I know that sounds stupid, but it does.  I can’t get you out of my head, not since you kissed me at the party.  It’s not just that I want to bone you, well, cause yeah I do, but it’s like all the other stuff too.  I want to be with you.  Can we try that?”
“I’ll make you come three times before I do, Dean,” he whispered, wiping the sweat away from Dean’s eyes, kissing his face sweetly as Dean rode the wave until he came back to himself.
Cas rolled Dean to his back, determined to see Dean’s face the first time he penetrated the man, and hopefully not unintentionally mating him.
The teasing went on a little longer, then Cas pulled the pink panties down completely, yanking them off Dean’s legs.  Cas laughed and Dean peeked back at him.
Cas’s eyes flew to his in surprise, the intense blue no less clear and deep without his grace.  It left Dean off-kilter and his stomach swooped yet again.  Maybe he was coming down with something.
“Of course, Dean, I understand that you’re weakend now, and you need rest to catch up with me,” He said loftily, hoping Dean would take the bait.
It was on that trip through the store that he’d suddenly had his eyes opened to all the thousands of things at Walmart that could fit up his ass, and the silky panties he could wear while doing it.
“Well, I can’t get married now!” Cas shouted back, not knowing why being loud was helping but it did feel good to react to something instead of just submitting to what Hannah wanted.
“Oh, ha ha,” Dean snarked, “nice try.  I’ll ride your dick when I wake up, I promise.  Just let me nap.”
But Cas dipped in a kissed him there instead.  Dean cried out and clenched down, his cock growing impossibly harder, and kept his hands away.  Cas would take care of him, he knew it.  He said he trusted him, and he did.
Dean wiggled his toes and peeked out from under the blanket.  Cas was wrapped in a towel, and Dean watched a bead of water travel down his chest, roll around the edge of his belly button, and disappear into the towel edge.  Dean swallowed.  He pulled the blanket open to let Cas in.
Dean squeezed him tighter.  “I’m scared too.  This feels big.  I know that sounds stupid, but it does.  I can’t get you out of my head, not since you kissed me at the party.  It’s not just that I want to bone you, well, cause yeah I do, but it’s like all the other stuff too.  I want to be with you.  Can we try that?”
Cas scowled.  “It’s a waste.  She just throws money at me when she wants something- in this case, to change my major to business.  Not going to do it.  She can have the car back.  I might just sell it and give the money to charity.”
“A tattoo?”  He blurted, standing and moving closer to Cas, pausing with an outstretched hand, almost running his finger along it as if
And he begged Cas to fuck him, that much he remembered.  He also remembered sucking Cas off a little, feeling so good and right, trying to make the angel come too.  They kissed, and it felt so good, so intimate, and Dean was coming out of his haze, so he remembered the way Cas seemed to worship his mouth, touching him so reverently, more so than the other times when he made him come.
Dean cut him off with a kiss.  Cas relaxed and sighed into Dean’s mouth.  Dean pulled back, staring him straight in the eye.
His cock was leaking, and he moved the panties down and hooked them behind his balls, watching himself in the mirror rock back and forth, undulating his hips against the mattress.  His dick bounced as he moved, and he glanced at the empty chair across the room, wishing he could show off how good he looked to someone.  It was a shame Cas didn’t stay to see what he was doing-
Cas got the picture and pulled off with a pop, and rummaged quickly for a small bottle he knew Dean kept there.  It was mostly empty, and Cas squirted out a palmful, swiping it over his cock first, then wiping the rest over Dean’s now puffy hole.  Dean shivered at the coldness, but Cas barely paused before he was moving up to push Dean’s knees to his chest with his thighs and leaning down to kiss him again.  Dean pulled his knees higher and spread them as far as they would go, and Cas pressed his cock to Dean’s slick hole, thrusting and sliding over it, working up a rhythm before stopping to push against the little furl.  Dean kissed him sloppily and cried out as Cas pushed his crown past the tight ring of muscles.  Cas propped himself up so he could watch Dean’s face as he penetrated him slowly.
“Oh fuck,” Cas whispered and held Dean’s head still for a moment, breathing hard.  A moment passed.  “Okay, sorry, I needed a minute.”  Dean grinned and sat up a little.
He sighed.  It would always come back to that.  There was no going back to the way things were, he had gone too far when he had allowed himself to do as Dean wished when he was under the witch’s potion.  And now all he could do was fight his urges and keep Dean safe.
Cas swallowed on his suddenly dry throat.  It took everything he had not to lean in and lick Dean, to run his tongue around that puckered hole, tasting the musk and eliciting moans and pleasure from the man.
Maybe it was a sign that they weren’t meant to be.  Maybe he should just chill out, maybe go with Benny and Charlie to the club and just meet people.  He might not be ready to find the love of his life.  He’d just figured out his sexuality, for fuck’s sake.
“Wait, Cas!”  Dean hopped out of the car and went after him.  “Just wait!”  Cas dropped his head in surrender and turned back to Dean, his face stoic.
The area around the catwalk was beginning to fill up, nearing the time of the show.  Cas whirled when someone tapped his shoulder.
Dean finally laid down for the night around 10:30.  He took it easy on the eggnog, so he wasn’t even really buzzed.  But if Cas was out with his friends or doing family stuff, he’d text now to give Cas a chance to text back before he got drunk.  Or to tell him to fuck off.  Dean figured an apology would work, then they could pretend it didn’t happen.
They looked really nice against his skin.  He turned to the right and left, liking how they didn’t feminize him so much as contrast and accentuate his masculinity.  He turned and looked over his shoulder and bent completely over, peering between his parted legs into the full-length mirror, and seeing how his puffy hole was exposed through the slit in the fabric.
Dean was already trying to stand and slip the globe out when Cas’s words hit him and he sat back down.  “Jesus Christ, Cas!  You can’t just say things like that.  Are you serious?”
A wicked grin spread across his face.  He pushed the mallet deeper, riding it faster, gripping the base of his cock to keep from coming.  He stopped, rose off the mallet, pleased how stretched he felt, and slid off the hood and grabbed the laptop.  He put the computer up on the hood, camera facing through the windshield.  He grabbed the lube and opened the driver’s side door, and crawled in on his knees.  The panties were soaked with lube and pre-come, so he pushed the front down below his balls, hooking them there.  He stroked his cock a few times, winking at the camera.
“No need,” Cas said as he turned and plucked the snowglobe from Dean’s hands.  He moved to set it on his bedside table, moving a ceramic cat from the time they fought that ghoul in Branson.  The cat went in the spot on the wall where the globe had been.  Cas arranged it carefully.
“I didn’t sleep with Balthazar,” Cas blurted.  Dean blinked.  Cas clarified.  “I mean I was going to, it has been
“Cas,” he whispered as he nuzzled Cas’s balls with his nose, licking them too.  “Tell me how you like it.”
Cas blinked and lifted his chin, looking a bit confused.  “Thank you.  I’ll.... talk to you soon.  You can reach me on the phone here if you need me.”
Cas reached over tentatively and picked up Dean’s hand, linking their fingers together.  It felt so much more intimate than what they had just done together.
Were the panties really crotchless?  How would that work on a dude?  Would it just hang out the front, or would it give you access to the back?  How would the red look against his skin?  Would the satin feel cool or warm?  He nearly jerked when he realized he was thinking about how’d they look on
Cas nodded.  “I tried to smoke weed and get laid, but I wasn’t into it and Balth wasn’t either.  We just hung out and fell asleep after a failed blowjob.”
Dean took himself in hand, laying flat and closing his eyes, stroking himself to the image of Cas hovering over him, carefully teabagging him, his soft, warm, loose skin brushing gently across Dean’s lips and nose.
They’d said their good nights, going their separate ways, but ended meeting in the hall minutes later, Dean dragging Cas to his bed, arranging his limbs until they were comfortable, and falling asleep from exhaustion.  The night had been so awesome, and Dean didn’t want it to end.
Edit: it had kindly been brought to my attention that a snowglobe is not a good thing for Dean to stick up his butt. Agreed! Don't try this at home, and don't ponder it too hard. He gets better, safer things for da bootyhole soon.
“Look here, Cas,”  Raphael paused while Cas had his arms full of boxes, making him set them down on a nearby table.  “Long as I’ve known you, you’ve played your cards very close to the chest.  I don’t need to be psychic to know you had some bad shit happen in your past.  But this one seems like something special.  Put the cards on the table, and let the chips fall where they may, oh fuck, that’s enough of that tired metaphor.”
“Had sex with?”  Cas’s laser focus was back on Dean.  His eyes were fathomless.  Dean could fall in and disappear for centuries.
“Mmmph,” Cas moaned around Dean, the vibrations making it hard to think.  Dean pushed Cas’s hips up, then back down, setting a pace for Cas to fuck his mouth.  It was an awkward angle, but Cas had to stop what he was doing and lay his cheek on Dean’s thigh and Dean let go of Cas’s thighs and let him fuck his mouth, his thighs trembling, his rhythm faltering.
Cas pulled out almost all the way, then slid smoothly back in.  He set up a slow pace, leaning in to kiss Dean deeply.  The hunter opened his mouth, gasping, rocking, meeting his thrusts, moaning and whispering.
Cas perused the aisle of brightly colored silicone, his eyes moving slowly back and forth.   Every device was carefully labeled and packaged, some with photos of men and some with women.  Others had no photos but simply proclaimed to be the best at pleasure and simulation, using words like ‘guaranteed multiple orgasms’, and ‘give your partner the gift of pleasure.’  Cas knew the partner part didn’t really apply to his case, but the gift idea was there, so he picked up a package with a set of anal plugs in three sizes.  There was no explanation as to why the variation of sizes, but Cas assumed it was so one could work their way up to a large intrusion without injury.
Dean wiped tears from his eyes and stifled a giggle.  “Yeah, yeah I do.  Looking pretty sharp tonight, Cas.”
Cas looked around desperately.  He couldn’t reach any bedsheets or anything, the best thing he could reach was the window curtain, and if he tried to cover himself, everyone in the parking lot would see his behind.
He laid there, thoughts swirling in his mind, thoughts of Cas- thoughts of the two of them together, thoughts of goddamn nuts being dragged across his face.
“I mean, I’ve been an asshole to you, I just I need a little punishing, I guess,” Dean said casually.
Raphael hummed in agreement and hung up.  Cas looked down at his outfit.  He was in a button down shirt and pajama pants.  He should probably stop and get something better to wear.  He’d never been seen out in anything less than a Hugo Boss suit or casual wear, and he’d be damned if he went to the club looking like that.
The lights suddenly dimmed and hard rock music started pouring out of Gabriel’s stereo speakers- not a song Cas recognized, but then, as he was contemplating the song, the door to the kitchen was kicked open, and a very handsome man sauntered out dressed in a short-sleeved shirt with the cuffs rolled, cut off jeans- you could see the pockets hanging out, and tan work boots.  Cas’s jaw dropped as the man strutted to the music and walked directly for his chair, eyes on him like a lazerbeam, green and bright.
She huffed.  “I’m not gonna molest ye, boy!” she scoffed.  “I just need to perform a reversal spell.”
Dean hummed, watching in satisfaction as Cas’s eyes fluttered shut at the vibration.  Dean reached from behind Cas to pull at his balls, and rub his perineum, pressing the pad of his thumb on Cas’s thobbing hole.  Cas cried out a warning, and Dean sucked hard as the first spurt of come filled his mouth, drinking it down greedily, pushing Cas deeper into his throat, past his gag reflex and sucking every last drop.  Cas pulled slowly out, a dribble or too hitting Dean’s chin which he stuck his tongue out and tried to lap up.  Cas’s eyes fluttered and he moaned again as he moved back down Dean’s body to lick his own come of his face and kiss him deeply.
Cas gasped as Dean slid up and then back, clenching his muscles, sending shocks of pleasure through the angel.  He tried his best to keep his hands behind his head, let Dean keep control, but he was just so glorious, riding Cas’s cock so well. Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hips and started thrusting upwards, meeting him, speeding up, making Dean falter, as Cas easily found Dean’s prostate again, and pounded into him until Dean was crying out again, come spurting from his cock, untouched, landing on Cas’s chest.  Dean rode through his orgasm, slumping over and stilling.  Cas stroked his hair, kissed his face, wiped his brow and waited for Dean to surface again.
Cas stood and pulled Dean to a standing position.  He dropped to his knees and pulled the red panties to the side and sucked Dean’s flagging erection into his mouth.  Dean shuddered and barely saved himself from falling over.  The tightness of Cas’s throat around him and the plug pushing on the edge of his prostate in the standing position was so good.  Cas pushed him on his back on the bed and continued to suck his cock and pushed Dean’s thighs open further.
He’d never been a very spiritual person, but their connection felt like it was spiritual somehow.  They had the physical thing down, the emotional thing was a work in progress, obviously, and the spiritual connection, something that just felt right, like pieces clicking into place, completing the puzzle.
The comments pinged again.  Cas pulled his fingers away and yanked Dean’s hips up again, rubbing the head of his cock over the clenching hole.  Cas spit, the feel of it sliding down Dean’s crack making him shiver in anticipation, and he rubbed it in Dean’s hole with his cock,  teasing and moaning.  Dean whimpered a ‘please’ out, and Cas pushed in just the tip, then pulling it out with a pop.  He pushed it in again, then pulled it back out, slapping Dean’s wet hole with his cock a few times.  The laptop pinged madly.
“I see,” Dean said awkwardly.  “Look, man, I was hired by your brother who’s been talking about you since we met like, six months ago.  I, uh, sort of social media stalked you- not like real stalked you, but, you know, like checked you out a little.  I thought you were hot, so when Gabe said you needed to get laid, and I jumped at the chance and said I’d gladly strip for your next birthday…  Come to think of it, he did say your birthday was conveniently this weekend.  He’s never mentioned you were engaged.  I assumed you were gay...or at least bi?”
Dean was watching his face, his mouth open, his breath coming out in pants.  His pupils were so big they nearly washed out the green, and he sped up his hand when they met eyes.
“You as well.” He paused, wondering how he could pose the question and get the help he needed without revealing too much about his current dilemma.
Cas walked back to his truck and climbed in.  How would he slip the plugs to Dean?  One at a time?  All at once?  Should he leave a card?  He pondered for a moment and pulled into Walgreens.  He had a great idea.
Everything had seemed like such a good idea at the time.  Texting Cas in the first place- good idea.  Getting a handjob in a seedy hometown gay bar- good idea.  Getting wasted and texting Cas about aforementioned handjob- awesome idea.  The logic of why he would do such a thing was beyond his grasp in the light of day.  He remembered the whole conversation; he couldn’t claim a blackout- but it was yet another point on the scorecard in the column that said ‘stop drinking.’  It was guaranteed to make him do stupid things, and knowing his genetics, he was doomed to become an alcoholic like his father.
And Dean couldn’t stop thinking about it.  He’d never topped a man before, and until then, never really had the desire to.  But the sudden idea of pushing his cock into Cas’s tight perfect hole was plaguing him.  Would Cas do it?  Probably, if Dean asked nicely.  But he had no idea how to approach the subject.
“You want me to fuck you?” He growled.  Dean nodded fervently.  “You need me to prep you more?  Because I don’t want to hurt you, or anything.”
“Need some assistance, Dean?”  Cas asked, opening his door for him again, like he was his freaking date or something.
but it sounded so crude, and not the least bit sexy.  He was marinating on it so intently, that he zoned out in the middle of his favorite
So he’d kept to his room to pleasure himself, and it helped that he wasn’t surrounded by Dean’s smell.  He did steal a shirt so he could guiltily sniff it while imagining fucking Dean, and only watched gay porn in his own room from then on.
Cas felt the muscles tighten then yield and relax, and he shot out a tiny bit of grace to relieve any pain Dean had, and slid in to the silky, tight tunnel, encasing himself in the man he loved.  He paused and dropped his head, feeling overwhelmed by the moment, the closeness too much and not enough, his heart and grace thudding harshly as he paused and stayed still to keep from coming.
Dean just barely kept his eyes from sliding back to Cas’s backpack and the red panties hidden inside.  He cleared his throat and grabbed his own bag, and made a beeline for the shower, wondering if he had a fever or something.  His cock was awake and ready to party,  but Dean knew it was dangerous territory he was wandering into, so he turned the shower on cold.
Dean nodded, feeling shameful.  Where was Cas?  He needed him, he’d make it all better, scratch this strange itch that was building inside him.
Mom opened her present from Uncle Bobby- then wouldn’t show them what he gave her.  Sam yelled, ‘ew!, and Dean looked back at Mary in shock.  She didn’t deny anything, but told them to mind their own damn business with a smile and light blush on her face.  Hm.  Who’d a thought it?
Cas sat back, pressing their shoulders together. Dean pressed back, a comfortable weight against him.  “So, Dean.”
Cas:  You aren’t flirting with me, are you, Dean? Because I hear you have brilliant... what was the phrase Cassie used?  Ah yes.  Eyes as green as a lush mountain forest.  And I do love green eyes.
“Thanks Sheriff Riley,” Dean said, clenching his teeth as vibrations suddenly sped up against his prostate where the remote-controlled plug sat.  “We’ll have these back to you this afternoon.”
He had felt a warm rush of desire fill him when the man in the video spread his ass cheeks and showed his hole to the camera.  Cas’s cock stood at attention nearly instantly, and he gripped it and held it still.  The man in the video had a long dildo suction cupped to a chair and was slowly lowering himself onto it.  Cas imagined himself sitting in that chair and that tight hole pushing down onto him.  He shuddered, and with only a couple of strokes, came in his boxers.  He saw stars, and panted out hard breaths.
Ellen snorted, snapping her rag at him.  “Don’t let your macho bullshit run your life.  It’s okay to like poetry and be poetic.  It’s okay to watch chick flicks.  Quit telling yourself you’re a pussy for liking those things.  It wasn’t true when John said it, it isn’t true now.  Tell your brain to fuck off and go get you some love.  Nothing wrong with it.”
Cas moved back mentally and physically, his cock slipping from Dean, wetness running out.  Dean sighed and relaxed.
Finally he was fully sheathed in Dean, and he held still, waiting to calm himself so he didn’t come too quickly.  He wanted to drag it out, give the most pleasure before he bit Dean on the neck and marked him forever.
“The Bureau has been following similar crimes across state lines, so you can imagine we’d want to follow up on this.”  Dean tried to hold as still as possible while the Sheriff nodded.  He grabbed a file and handed it over to Dean.  Cas stood serenely with his hands shoved in the pockets of his trench coat, nodding along.  Dean tried not to let his eyes wander to Cas’s left hand settled in his pocket, where he clutched a small remote.
It was after 2am when Crowley picked them up, Benny and Charlie singing drunken country songs in the back, Dean and Cas in the middle seats, and some drunk good-looking older red headed woman smoking a joint with Crowley in the front seat. Dean swore he heard Crowley call her ‘mother’ at some point, but he was still pretty buzzed.  They’d danced off most of the alcohol, and rolled into the frat house around three, around the same time a couple of the other dudes were getting back- those who weren’t still on vacation.
“Dean, you should see yourself the way I see you, so perfect, so beautiful.”  Cas tossed the plug to the side and felt Dean’s stretched rim. He ran his fingertips over Dean’s cock, teasing, making it jump and throb.   Dean moaned wantonly and tried to get Cas’s fingers inside himself.  Cas chuckled lowly.  “Just a moment, and you can have it all.”
The man finally yanked at the shorts- they were breakaway- and Cas was stunned with such a close-up view of the man’s long and half-hard cock wrapped in a pink silk thong. The man shook his hips, making his cock bounce up and down in its sling, the edge of the crown visible through the fabric.  Cas stared openly, memorizing the hypnotic way that cock moved as the man’s hips slowed and pivoted, and he backed away and spun around, bending over again, feet spread apart.
Cas pulled out and flipped him to his back, putting Dean’s legs onto his shoulders and pushing back in.  Dean watched Cas’s face, eyes drooping and dark, his lips set in a firm line, like a man on a mission.  He was rolling his hips, brushing Dean’s prostate, and Dean was lost in sensation.  He clenched around Cas to feel it more, make it tighter.  Cas groaned an laughed darkly when he did, and Dean grinned up at him.
Ew.  They were wrecked.  He wadded them up and flung them as far as he could- he breathed a .sigh of relief as they slid under the Model T and into the shadows.  He could throw them out later.
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, cold sweat popping out all over his body.  He ran his hand over his cock, liking the way the satin felt on his skin.  He turned over and lowered himself into a sitting position, forcing the plug a little deeper.  He rocked his hips, moaning loudly when he felt it press his prostate.  He could probably come from just rocking back and forth.
He moaned and pinched his nipples, his mind wandering the length of the car, wondering if there was a jack handle in the truck.  It wouldn’t be larger than the shift knob though.
They’d said their good nights, going their separate ways, but ended meeting in the hall minutes later, Dean dragging Cas to his bed, arranging his limbs until they were comfortable, and falling asleep from exhaustion.  The night had been so awesome, and Dean didn’t want it to end.
“I meant what I said last night.  I’ve...I’ve fallen for you.  But I don’t know what that means.  And I don’t want to mess this up or scare you off, but I’ve never felt this before.  And it’s kind of scary.”
Dean was sure Cas’s voice dropped low enough to vibrate through Dean’s solar plexus.  He inhaled slowly, trying to keep from popping a boner in front of his best friend.  Not that it should matter at that point, but for some reason, Dean needed the charade.  Sure, he’d jerked Cas off to get him unstuck in the motel room, something he’d never forget, but things seemed uneven- Cas bringing him gifts and catching him in his room with his pants down.  Cas had done something that any guy would do, but Dean felt a little bit freakish.
Dean suppressed a shudder.  He almost forgot how low and gravelly Cas’s voice was, especially unused from sleep.
Cas pulled it closer to his chest.  “Yes, a present to cheer him up.”  He was at a loss as to how to explain it, so he stopped talking.
“Oh, so you just bang him when you go home, string the poor guy along.”  Dean was starting to get annoyed.  That Balthazar guy seemed pretty nice, even if he was texting from Cas’s bed.
Cas repositioned them so he could fit comfortably between Dean’s legs, his cock already hard and throbbing and rubbing against Dean’s soft one.
He took the anus-shaped fleshlight out of the black bag, cutting it out of its plastic packaging, along with a new bottle of lube.  He bought the big one, knowing he’d go through it in a week.
Cas wanted to press down on his erection, but he froze as the man bent further, his cheeks spreading and showing off the thin strip of fabric barely covering his balls and puckered hole.  Cas’s mouth went dry as he broke into a cold sweat, shivers dancing up his spine.  He could just make out the edges of that pink hole as the man twerked his ass, making it bounce, slowing it down to roll his hips, then shaking it again.
Dean bit his lip, trying to resist moving his hand again while Cas spoke in that hushed, intimate tone, looking down at him.
“That good?”  Dean asked hopefully.  Cas had definitely had more experience than Dean, so he hoped his was at least half as satisfied as Dean felt.  For Dean, it was no contest.  That was the best sex he’d ever had.
Dean shrugged.  “Okay, I guess.  I saw him at the bar a couple of times this week, we shot pool with Jo.”
“Would the two of you like to be alone, I mean we can all go home if you’d like,”  Ms. Diamond Larue was standing above them in her floor-length sparkling silver gown and very tall blonde wig.  Apparently the show had started while Cas was flirting with Dean.  The audience hooted and whistled.  Dean smiled broadly up at her and stood, taking Diamond’s hand and kissing it like a gentleman.
Doubt started to creep in, and it must have shown in his face because Dean reacted quickly and pulled has face down close to his, whispering against his lips.
Cas tapped on Dean’s door.  It was quiet.  He couldn’t hear Dean breathing, or his heart beating, so he assumed Dean was in the guest suite already.
Dean gasped as the wide bulb middle of the plug breached him and settled inside the ring of muscle.  The flair at the end was larger, and he liked the way it looked, settled against his skin.  He was already sweating and shaking, and he carefully rolled off the bed, and tried to stand.
Cas nodded and walked away.  He turned back and Sam was just standing there, staring at the wall.  “Sam?”
Cas sat up a little.  “Oh, I almost forgot,” he mumbled and he reached away from Dean somewhere.  There was a rustling sound and Cas settled back into Dean, reaching down and pulling Dean’s legs apart.  Dean felt a slick finger touch his hole.  He shuddered and smiled into Cas’s chest as the angel slowly pushed the remote-controlled plug back into his hole, twisting it until it was comfortable.  “We have another show tonight at 11.  I have an idea pertaining to stealing a few things from the housekeeping cart and the white panties in your bag.”
“Lick it,” Cas commanded.  Dean moaned and licked as Cas pushed his cock into Dean’s mouth, holding his head still by his hair, slowly pushing in, his hot flesh making Dean’s hole throb around the plug as it entered his throat.  He relaxed his throat and took Cas further.  Soon Cas was fucking Dean’s mouth, moaning and reaching back to rub Dean’s back and tap on the end of the plug.  Sparks traveled up Dean’s spine at the contact.
Dean jumped on the bed and sprawled over Cas, squishing him and squeezing him tightly.  Cas chuckled and rolled to his back, running his hands down the length of Dean’s body until he reached the waistband of the panties.  Cas’s hands froze, then traced along the edge of the satin, running his fingers down the back, along Dean’s crevice, spreading the fabric.
Dean wiggled his toes and peeked out from under the blanket.  Cas was wrapped in a towel, and Dean watched a bead of water travel down his chest, roll around the edge of his belly button, and disappear into the towel edge.  Dean swallowed.  He pulled the blanket open to let Cas in.
“Yeah, yeah I guess I fell asleep,”  Dean was spread out on the guest room bed with his cock hanging out, plug still firmly up his ass.
“I found it,” Dean sighed, pulling his legs up into straddling Cas, feeling the heat of his now hard cock through the blanket.
Dean’s erection hung between his legs, hard again, untouched, and his ass clenched around nothing.  He slowly sucked Cas into his throat, moaning as it throbbed in his mouth, and twisting his tongue around the shaft. Cas felt helpless as Dean sucked faster, harder, until Cas was right on the edge.  He suddenly snapped to attention- he shouldn’t be letting Dean do this- he wasn’t in his right mind.
Maybe it was a sign that they weren’t meant to be.  Maybe he should just chill out, maybe go with Benny and Charlie to the club and just meet people.  He might not be ready to find the love of his life.  He’d just figured out his sexuality, for fuck’s sake.
He came with a grunt.  He laid still for a moment, wondering if he should get up and clean up, but in no time, he was hard again, his hips moving on their own accord.  He groaned into the pillow, the pleasure of the suction tempting him to come again, this time faster, his hips snapping hard forward.  He knelt, wedging the fleshlight between two pillows so he could pretend to hold Dean down, give it to him hard.
Sam shuffled them back into the hallway and sighed.  “Yeah, he said that a few minutes ago too.  He apparently has...I mean, he seems to be experiencing… Let’s just say it’s the magical equivalent of Viagra.”
“He texted me back from your phone when I texted that apology.”  He admitted, “He said you were the one that got away.”
“Me too,” he said gently, kissing Dean’s face reverently.  He sighed, pressing their foreheads together.  “To be honest, I’ve been wanting to bang you since the first time I saw you, but this...I didn’t expect to feel this way about you, I thought it was just a crush.  I mean, we only just started hanging around each other!  You just figured out you’re gay!  It shouldn’t work.  But I want it to, very badly.”  He looked up at Dean with hopeful eyes.
Cas kissed him, softly this time, and he felt Dean ripple around his cock, and he thrusted a little, making the man moan.  He pulled out a little and thrusted back in smoothly, and it felt so heavenly he lost all cognitive thought.  He began fluidly pushing into Dean’s heat, and the tightness pulled back at him as he pulled out.  He sank in deeper and deeper into Dean, their mouths just panting into each other, and Dean’s legs moved around Cas’s waist.  Cas rocked into Dean, building speed and force, until Dean was crying out with each thrust, hanging onto the headboard as Cas pounded into him, their skin slapping as it met.
“So, Rowena says to tell you to drink some elderberry and peppermint tea, and she’ll be over in a few.  I think she knows what we’re asking for...she mentioned you might have a fever?”
“Alright, shut up, Cas, you’re a real fuckin’ comdian.”  Dean tried to stomp off to the diner door, but the movement made him break out into a sweat.  He thought about going to the bathroom to remove the plug, but how would he clean up?  And carry it in his pocket?  And what, jerk off in the gross bathroom?
Dean felt himself be manhandled onto his side, and Cas slid up behind him, molding his body against Dean’s back, kissing his neck and pulling him flush.
Cas rolled his hips, sliding his shaft along until his cock caught on Dean’s still stretched hole.  “Maybe.”
The door was locked, and Cas could hear Dean openly moaning behind it.  He felt a bit like a pervert as he pressed his ear to the door, hearing the amplified sound of Dean masturbating.  Cas pushed at his own erection and steadied himself.  He’d wait until Dean came and then knock on the door.
He soaped himself up and tried to ignore the sense of emptiness he felt.  He wouldn’t let himself use that plug again.  It just made him want Cas more and more.
Dean’s eyes went wide as the crowd whistled and cheered and he let himself be pulled up on the stage.  Cas smirked back at Diamond when she tipped him a wink.
It actually sounded pretty terrible.  He’d never really been in love before.  He wasn’t sure he was now.  They were talking about love at first sight, but Dean had no idea if what he felt was anywhere close to that.  Maybe.  It was hard to tell since things kept getting in the way.
“Sorry Sam, I was-”  Cas and Sam both watched the balloon slip out of the bag and float up to the ceiling.
He stood, purposefully yawning and stretching under Cas’s watchful blue eye peeking out of the blankets.  Cas’s eye roamed over him, pausing and widening at the tent created in the front of Dean’s pajama pants.  Dean smirked and adjusted his dick a little. Maybe more than necessary.  Well, he was kind of rubbing himself while Cas watched.
“It’s most likely a side effect from the potion,” Cas said, his voice low and rough in Dean’s ear as he pumped Dean casually, waiting to be told what to do next.
Cas nodded proudly.  “And anal plugs.  We have the largest selection in town, and can do any specialty orders.”
“Cas, I’m gonna come if you keep-”  Dean caught his breath, then Cas felt as his orgasm took him by surprise, Dean coming between their bellies, his hole clenching tightly as Cas nailed his prostate over and over, licking Dean’s neck.
He’d seen lots of porn by now where plugs had been used.  He’d thought about buying one for a long time, but was too embarrassed about what the people in the porn store would think of him.
“Except that I might have been, um, thinking about men for some time now.”  Cas flushed, feeling shame creep up behind his eyes.  He’d always been attracted to men, but thought it must be wrong because Naomi said it was.  He’d always thought about guys when he masturbated, always snuck peeks at gay porn on his phone.  Nobody knew but him, so it was safe.  He’d not had sex with Hannah yet, so technically he was still a virgin.
Which was good, because once the floodgates of fantasizing about Cas opened, there was no closing them.
“But Dean,” Cas was using that voice that made Dean want to pull his own teeth out.  “Then he said ‘not so much’, which means the joke wouldn’t have worked.”
“Wait Cas,” Dean groaned, writhing under him. Cas froze, waiting for the rejection he was so sure he was going to get.  “Let’s go to the guest room.  There’s more room, more private, and I want you all to myself.”
His cocked jumped again.  He was impressed he had enough energy left after all that for a second round.  At that point, it was already twice as long as all the other videos he’d ever posted.  He closed his eyes and twisted his hand, not quite able to get at his prostate at that angle.  He imagined being held down, with someone else’s fingers inside him, a voice whispering in his ear, encouraging him, their stubble brushing his, catching, and blue eyes piercing his own.  He moaned and finger fucked himself- it wasn’t enough, he needed more.  His brain was so soupy that he couldn’t think of anything else to put in his ass.  A dick.  He laughed at himself, his fingers pushing in further.  He wasn’t gay.  He just had an anal fetish.  And a pretty large gay following on the internet.  But he’d never wanted a cock in his ass before.
The bunker was busy when Cas walked in.  About ten faces turned to him as he closed the door behind himself.  There was an odd pause, but to his great relief, everyone either smiled or said hi and turned back to their work.
Dean was pliant and pushed his ass up and spread his knees so Cas could part his cheeks and continue to lick and suck everywhere but Dean’s hole.  It was pink and furled, and Cas watched as Dean clenched and relaxed, pushing back toward Cas’s lips as they traveled closer.  Cas lifted Dean’s hips higher so he couldn’t rut the bed anymore, and held him still.  He licked a broad stripe up from Dean’s balls where they were already tight against his body, along his perineum, and finally across his hole, and up to his tailbone.  Dean cried out and pushed back as Cas repeated the process, his tongue slowing down at each pass over Dean’s hole, pushing against it firmly, until Dean was shaking and sweat was slicking his thighs.
Today had him wandering around the enchanted and cursed items in the storerooms, looking for anything interesting.  The risk of accidentally somehow releasing a demon into his ass was too high, so he left. He bypassed the kitchen- cause, ew- and wandered back to his bedroom.
“I do too,” Dean muttered into his ear over the loud strains of Lady Marmalade, I don’t do feelings real well either, so I open my big stupid mouth.  I’m sorry.”
Dean smirked. “You hit the mark.  You look…”  Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’s form.  He tried not to purr and arch like a cat.  It was a near miss.
Cas was already to the door of the bathroom before he realized he’d taken flight.  It was like a cold bucket of water to the face- he was unaware his wings were in any condition to fly.  He looked over his shoulder and shook them out.  They were still a bit ragged, and there were a few feathers missing, but he could see new ones starting to grow in those spots.  He stood in stunned silence and swung them forward so he could run his hands through them, straightening them.  He shuddered at the touch.  It had been so long since he had been able to see or touch them that they were incredibly sensitive.
Dean pushed Cas’s door open and turned on the light, closing the door behind him.  He flopped down on Cas’s neatly made bed and buried his face in the pillow, inhaling the angel’s scent.  Breathing it in made him eventually start humping the mattress.  His cock was hard and he had an itch he couldn’t reach on his own.
“I think it’s safe to say I’ll be cancelling the wedding.  Hannah’s family won’t be happy, but I don’t want...I don’t want to marry her.”  He looked over at Dean.  “It was bound to end one way or another.”
“Ow,” Dean responded as his back reminded him he was on the floor.  It had to be a few hours later- he was freezing!
Cas blinked.  He had a point.  “I’m near you, I feel so much calmer, more focused.  I need to tell you that if I were to have sex with you now, during what is called my ‘rut’, we will be bonded together for eternity.”
Cas folded his wings  back up and leaned over Dean, his cock dragging along his crack, catching on his puffy rim.  Dean gasped, spreading his legs further.  Cas pushed, moaning at the tightness, the heat coming off of Dean, and managed to get the fat head of his cock in a couple inches.  Dean’s erection was dripping on his stomach, and Cas gave it a couple of strokes as he inched in a little more.
“I would say that wouldn’t I,” Dean grumbled, keeping an eye on Cas to make sure he didn’t turn around as Dean slid out the globe with a sigh.  He removed the condom and wiped the globe with some wet wipes Cas kept on his bedside.
panties, if there was such a thing, and the front was whole while the back was open.  He quickly slid them on and went back into the bathroom.
It pressed so hard against his prostate that he swore and slouched onto the bed again.  He might not be able to even walk around with this one!  He caught his breath and tried again, standing slowly, his eyes fluttering shut as waves of pleasure coursed over his skin.  His cock was hard and leaking, and he kept his hands off, relishing how the pressure and the fullness just broke him.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean groaned, running a hand over his face, trying to unclench from around the plug, but it just made it press more firmly against his prostate.
“Cas...do you have a place to go?  I mean, you’re not sleeping here, are you?”  Dean tightened his hold a little.
He moaned and threw his head back as the hard metal breached his muscle.  He loved how hard it was, how unlike flesh it felt, and pumped it in and out.  The metal was smooth and went in deep easily, the coldness making him shiver. His cock throbbed in its confines, so he shifted it slightly so it peeked out of the top of the panties, but kept his hands off of it.
Dean shook a finger at Cas.  “Nope, go brush your teeth and pee.  I’m just going to lie here and think dirty thoughts while you’re gone.”
“Cas,” he whispered as he nuzzled Cas’s balls with his nose, licking them too.  “Tell me how you like it.”
Dean shook his head.  He needed to bring the blanket back so no one came looking for him.  He took the plug and hid it under his pillow for later.  And he wanted later to hurry up and get there.
Dean stared at his phone.  He was so confused.  Was Balthazar completely full of shit?  It really seemed like Cas wasn’t interested in him.
He tried to get the balloon off, but Cas had tied it on too well.  Dean went back to the bedroom and flipped on the light to find his jeans with his pocket knife.  He cut the balloon off and turned, catching himself in the full-length mirror.
Dean grabbed Cas’s cock and tried to shove it in himself with his fingertips.  Cas moaned and gripped Dean’s hips and roughly pulled them into his lap, pushing in his cock with one swift movement.  It felt like heaven, and the heat and tightness of Dean pulled Cas away from his senses and he leaned into Dean and kissed him.
“Oh fuck!” Cas looked down at his come-covered clothing, his limp cock laying against his still-clothed thigh, and Dean who was cleaning up and quickly working his clothing back on.  He seemed content, unbothered by the fact they had just fucked when he was probably not supposed to do that while working.
When he’d finished, his dick finally giving up and laying back down, he stepped out into the darkened room.  Cas’s towels and bags were now both on the chair, leaving Dean nowhere to lie down.  He glanced at the bed, noting that Cas was laying on the right side, leaving the whole left side of the bed free.  He seemed to be asleep, his breathing even, curled into a ball.
It was stupid.  They obviously were crap and communication, they barely knew each other, but Dean knew it was the moment his lips had touched Cas’s that he was lost forever.  Nothing would ever come close to the connection he felt when Cas pulled him back in and worshipped his mouth.  If he closed his eyes, he could almost feel the way his body pressed against that firm, toned chest. The way his eyes cut through to Dean’s very core, the open way he looked at Dean.  Something he didn’t know, couldn’t know, a deep understanding that would haunt Dean forever.  But Cas apparently left a string of broken hearts behind him, and Dean couldn’t let himself get caught up.
“My god, don’t you just take the cake, baby,” she crooned, fluttering her long false eyelashes.  “Get up here, I have a surprise for you.”
“I think I need to go make you a sandwich or something,” Cas said, kissing Dean’s shoulders and back, “because I’m finding it difficult to keep from penetrating you.”
He thought he heard a noise and whipped his head around, but there was nothing there, just his empty room full of memories of Dean, who was so close but so far away.
Rowena muttered Latin and hovered her palms over Dean.  Her eyes went purple for a moment and the room vibrated.  Cas felt rather than saw Dean relax.
“There he is,” Dean smiled, leaning in for a kiss.  Cas was boneless, the most vulnerable he would ever be as an angel, only in the presence of his true mate.
He jacked off Dean four more times that way, and used towels to clean between each.  Dean was pliant and looked intoxicated- his pupils were wide and a relaxed smile lit his lips.
Soon he was thrusting against Dean’s pillow, rutting until he came, whispering Dean’s name.  He wondered how it would feel, the real thing, tight muscles yielding to his cock, sucking him in, his fingertips pressing into Dean’s hips as he fucked him into the mattress.
Dean laughed and threw off the blanket, the chill air feeling fantastic on his overheated, slick skin.  Cas looked back into his eyes.  It sent a jolt through him, the care and affection he saw there.  Dean rolled his hips, eliciting a hiss from Cas, whose eyes darkened and filled with hunger.  Dean grinned, rolling Cas to his back and straddling his thighs.  Cas’s hands moved to Dean’s hips, and Dean scooted up so Cas’s cock lined his ass crack and ground down once, twice, Cas pressing back and gasping loudly.
He picked it up and felt its weight in his palm.  Not just bigger, but heavier than the first, too.  His asshole clenched, imagining what it would feel like to slide it in, and his cock started to harden.
Soon enough he was naked and face down on his bed, fucking his tight fist ferociously, remembering how aroused Dean smelled all evening, and the groan that escaped his lips as he orgasmed clutching Cas, and the look of painful ectasy painted across his beautiful features.
Cas lapped at Dean’s hole. Running a pointed tongue around his rim, pressing and pressing until the muscle relaxed enough to push the tip in.
“It’s never simple,” Cas sighed, rubbing his forehead and cringing when he realized he had drying come on his hand still.  Dean snickered and Cas shot him a petulant scowl, which made Dean grin.  Fuck, that smile made him so beautiful.
“Good,” said Dean, with satisfaction.  “Know what else I’d like to try?  Putting that giant cock in my ass.  So hurry up and do that, please.”
Dean and Sam hit the Walmart around noon.  It was predictably crowded, and Dean got to run into half the people he went to school with.  It wasn’t bad, actually, being able to say he’d gotten out of Lawrence and was working on getting a degree he could use to help people.  Funny enough, it seemed people already knew what he was majoring in- and when Dean shot Sam a look, the kid smiled back proudly, announcing that he told everyone he saw how awesome his brother was.  Dean had to blink back tears.  He didn’t really give a fuck what anyone from that jerkwater berg thought of him, but to hear the pride in Sammy’s voice, even after learning Dean was gay, he felt pride in himself that he hadn’t before.
He opened the lube and spread some on the pointy end of the plug, bending back over and twisting to see himself press it firmly on his hole.  The tip went in easily, much easier than fingers, and he moaned as he pushed it in more.  The bulb was wide and he had to pause and let himself relax, pushing it in and out, stretching himself quickly.  It burned and ached deliciously when it popped through and into place, resting on his prostate.
Cindy had her hand over her mouth and her eyes shone with tears.  “My god, that’s beautiful!  I’m totally meddling in your business, but you seem to be in love with Dean.  Like, crazy in love with him.  He looks like he feels the same way, t-b-h.”  She gestured to the pic.  Cas had found some joke Dean had said particularly funny, and he was laughing.  Right after the photo was taken, Dean had turned in his seat to watch Cas with his arm on the backrest.  His posture might give one the assumption that Dean felt that way, but he’d been clear a couple of years ago that he thought of Cas as his brother.
Cas was naked in an instant, already on all fours like Dean had imagined.  It was one thing to see it in his imagination, but to have Cas looking over his shoulder at Dean, back bowed, hole exposed, knees spread, was another.
“I already have, don’t you see?”  Dean was rocking on the plug, rutting against Cas’s cock, which was getting painfully hard again.  “I was going to die if you didn’t come back, I know it. Mate me, I already want you, do you want me?”  He sounded worried.
Dean tried and failed to lift his hips from the floor.  He pulled his knees up slowly, one by one, until he could plant his feet on the floor.  He felt a rush of lube dribble out of his ass onto the floor and rolled his eyes. He waited until he felt like his back was relaxed enough and used his fingertips to work the panties down his legs and off.  He hooked them with one finger and brought them up to his face.
Dean chuckled and clucked his tongue.  “Not so fast, my sweet angel, I’m going to take you apart slowly, make you feel every inch of my lovin’.”
“Yeah, Dean,” Jo sighed, wiping at the bar out of habit.  “I wish I had someone who I could fall in love with at first sight.”
Cas closed the laptop and rolled Dean over, kissing him deeply and caressing his face.  “You want to get in the shower now of after our nap, Dean?”
Deciding that he’d pondered it quite enough for one day, he changed the subject to football, and they told stories back and forth about Lawrence High’s terrible team and how they’d never make state.  Dean went home alone that night, happy that he’d only nursed 3 beers all night and had a good time with friends.  It made him miss school though, and he wondered how Kevin and Chuck were doing.  Three weeks of break was too long, and Dean wondered if Mom and Sam would be okay if he went back early.  Maybe spend New Year’s with the guys.
“Spontaneous combustion?  Maybe the Thule?”  He could practically hear the gears grinding in Sam’s head.
It looked like Dean had just walked in.  Charlie Bradbury from psych was with him, and Benny, who Cas had seen at the club many times.  He was a good guy and was often seen with other bear-type men. He hadn’t realized he and Dean were friends.
“I’m kind of an idiot when it comes to words and things.  I say stuff wrong and I screw everything up.”
Cas slowed down until he was just gently rocking in and out, his erection so tight and hard, but he’d wait, he’d do it right, give Dean the most pleasure- but also give him the opportunity to change his mind.
Benny chuckled at Charlie’s stunned but gleeful look.  “Calm down sis, he only gets like this when he’s tore up drunk.  Starts speakin’ in ye olde English.  It’s hilarious.”
Cas took the opportunity to quickly masturbate in the bathroom again.  He pictured the way Dean’s hole swallowed up that plug and imagined sinking his cock in there instead.  He came breathlessly.
It was the local Sheriff’s Deputy.  He explained that they’d found another body.  Dean said he’d be there shortly.
“Do you have a condom?”  Cas asked, trying to think of the last time he’d seen some around Gabe’s house.
“I’m glad you liked it,” Dean smiled up at him, already wondering when he could get it up again.  He was itching to be filled, he guessed his true destiny was to bottom for Cas.
Dean buried his face in his pillow.  Maybe he would go to the Roadhouse that night.  They should be open, being the weekend and all.  He’d call to see if they were, and maybe he’d ask Jo to get ahold of Aaron.  Dean really would have liked his first sex encounter with a dude to not be in a bar, and to be the one getting fucked, but he wasn’t opposed to fucking the guy, I mean, they’d talked a lot.  The guy was pretty cool.
“I...I’m sorry, Cas.  I fucked up,” Dean stumbled over his words.  “I made a stupid decision and I’m really sorry.”
Dean’s eyes went wide as the crowd whistled and cheered and he let himself be pulled up on the stage.  Cas smirked back at Diamond when she tipped him a wink.
Dean was in there every spare moment he got, fucking himself with anything he could get his hands on.  None of it was like the real thing (not that he knew what
Dean snorted and giggled.  “Come here,” Dean smiled and pulled Cas close, flipping the blanket over both of them.  “Only you could call the kinky shit we do to each other in bed ‘lovemaking’.”
He turned and spied a small packet of lube on the counter by the sink.  With trembling fingers he picked it up, and looked between the plug and the packet a few times.
He evaluated his situation.  It might not have been the brightest of ideas to stick his dick in the fancy room divider of the motel, it just had looked about the right size to do so, and recently Cas had been getting bored of pleasuring himself with just his hand, and had been getting creative with his masturbation.
If he was someone else, someone sitting next to himself, Dean would grab himself by the neck, slap his face, and kick his ass.  He was an idiot.  A complete stupid idiot.
Dean turned to Cas, his face lit up and painfully hopeful.  “Yeah!  I mean, yeah I’d like to go to dinner with you.”
The circle of silicone rested against Dean’s skin and looked so beautiful there. Cas stroked it with his finger, and Dean whimpered.  Cas pressed at it with his thumb in a rhythm matching Dean’s strokes, and watched with wide eyes as Dean cried out and came into the bedsheets below himself, the muscles around the plug rippling and pushing out the plug.  Cas held it in, and Dean shouted and kept ejaculating, whimpering as strings of semen fell until he collapsed into it, humping in the wet mess as Cas twisted the plug back and forth, pressing it forward into Dean’s prostate, milking out as much as he could.
Dean came again, between them, the mess sliming their bellies, and Cas paused to mop them up.  He was raging hard, but he kept his head.
“I had suspected the pink liquid in his hair would have been a love potion, but thankfully it isn’t.  Samuel, you are pretty close to the truth about it being Viagra.”
“Yeah?” Cas said, already lost to the sensation of Dean sliding up and down, his clenching walls stroking him tightly and perfectly.  “I bet you say that to all the guys.”
He nodded.  Ellen was so sweet.  Under all that gruffness, that was.  It was shocking that two old grumps like Bobby and Ellen could produce Jo- she was an angel.  An angel who could smite the shit out of you, but an angel.
Cas pulled off and licked and sucked at Dean’s balls for a while, pressing the larger plug in fully.  Dean was a mess.
Dean pushed backwards, pressing the pillow into Cas’s crotch as he came, and Cas let a groan slip out.
Dean nodded.  Cas moved back to the plug and worked it out carefully, licking at Dean’s sensitive rim.  The plug came out and was dropped on the bed.  Dean fell on his stomach and was manhandled until Cas was between his legs, the laptop camera pointing at Dean’s open and spasming hole.  Cas dipped fingers in, slapping Dean’s ass and pulling his cheeks apart to show their audience.
“Then sit down, relax, and we’ll have a nice simple bachelor party.  All the guys are here, even Meg and Charlie, so let’s just have a good time.”
“I won’t be much use,” Cas said, wrinkling his nose at the sticky streaks of come on the wall of the stall.  “I don’t have my powers.”
Here he was, picturing himself in red crotchless panties, in bed with his sleeping best friend, hard as a rock, wondering if it would wake Cas if he went back into the bathroom to deal with it.  It might wake Cas up less if he just tried to rub out out quietly.  If Cas was in deep enough sleep, he could probably get away with it.
He had to watch it.  Getting a boner in these jeans would be very noticable.  It’s not like anyone would really see it in the crowd.  He twisted, shaking his hips, throwing his arms over his head. He looked up at that moment and locked eyes with Dean from far across the room.
Dean wiped tears from his eyes and stifled a giggle.  “Yeah, yeah I do.  Looking pretty sharp tonight, Cas.”
Cas’s body was so close, and he brushed Dean’s arm anytime he moved.  It was pure torture, and Dean wasn’t sure he’d make it much longer; his cock was wetting his jeans now, and it was painful from being trapped there.
Sam opened his new cell phone from Mom and Dean, shrieking like he did before his voice had changed.  They’d decided it was finally time to get him one since he’d be going off to school next fall.
The drive back to the motel was quick, and Dean shot Sam a text from the parking lot, telling him he would leave the file in Sam’s room and they were going to shower and nap before they met for dinner.
The man arched an eyebrow at Cas and returned the thumbs up and turned, shaking his head as he headed for the door.
The room was thick with the aroma of arousal, and Cas couldn’t help but inhale deeply.  It made him dizzy with sudden and sharp desire.  There was some animalistic part of him urging him to just push Dean down and mount him, but he shelved that away carefully and held out the large plug to Dean.
Dean blinked and moved to sit up.  “Cas- I…”  Dean sucked at the feeling parts.  “I won’t reject you again.  I mean, I don’t want you to go away anymore- not that I wanted you to go away, ever, you just kept leaving, and I didn’t know how to tell you to stay, and then the shit I went through looking for you in Purgatory, and finally finding you and then Zeke said-” Dean babbled.
Dean reached out and touched Cas’s dick.  He shuddered as he felt Dean’s fingers wrap around the heated flesh, slick with lube.  Cas groaned loudly and clutched the divider to stay upright.
He stood up and wandered the edge of the room, picking up various objects until he paused at a very slender snow globe featuring the Empire State Building.  He shook it, causing the fake snow to swirl around.  The base was only three inches across, but it was about six tall.  His hand fit nicely around it….
Dean shook his head fondly and grabbed their bags to set them on the small table.  A bright swatch of red fabric caught Dean’s eye.  He moved Cas’s backpack open a little further, and gasped.
What the actual fuck was he thinking?  He was obviously fucked up in the head.  How could he do all that to Cas’s truck?  It wasn’t like he could throw out the shifter knob or trailer hitch without Cas knowing something was up, let alone asking the angel to scrape him off the garage floor.  What the fuck was he going to do?
Dean laughed, throwing back his head, and Cas’s stomach flipped again.  He stood up and pulled Cas with him.  They took the stairs hand in hand, and Cas felt hopeful for the first time in his life.
“Exactly what did you agree to do?”  Cas growled, narrowing his eyes and stuffing himself back into his pants and zipping up.
Cas was breathing heavily, and he draped himself over Dean, kissing the back of his neck, mumbling praise to Dean as he pushed in steadily, seeming to go on forever, until Dean felt Cas’s pelvis connect with the back of his thighs.  Cas paused for a moment to let Dean get used to the size, it really was huge, and then began to rock into him, only sliding out a little.
“Less messy, I suppose, and I do enjoy the live interaction with our followers.  It’s so nice that they enjoy our lovemaking.”
“Yeah, I trust you Cas.  More than anyone.”  Dean could barely think, he was so turned on, but he knew he spoke the truth.
“Something wrong with you, boy?”  Bobby asked as she walked away.  “You coming down with something?  You look all flushed.”
“Oh, she’s the owner of the Roadhouse’s daughter.  We grew up together, she’s cool as shit.”  Dean swore he saw a little relief cross Cas’s face.
theory much.  Gabriel probably thought he was hilarious by hiring a male stripper to humiliate Cas, but something else entirely was happening.  Cas watched in awe as the man slowly stood over him, legs spread and on either side of Cas’s, teasing his zipper down, showing little peeks of pink silk.
Dean wiggled and rolled over without hesitation, and suddenly Cas was faced with miles of soft clean skin to continue to assault with his tongue, lips, and teeth.  Dean was now humping the bed, grinding his hips against the mattress and moaning as Cas descended to the small of his back, licking his way down Dean’s tailbone and lifting his hips.
Cas tilted his head, squinting, reminding Dean of a confused puppy.  He fought an impulse to kiss the look off his face.
Dean was dreaming about the motel room again, but this time he used his mouth to get Cas to come, and the divider disappeared and he was just sucking Cas’s cock as best as he could while Cas whispered encouragement.  There was distant banging on the motel door, and Dean wanted to tell them to go away, but his mouth was full of cock.
Dean furrowed his brow.  Was this a guy Cas had just fucked?  Was he lying in bed with this Balthazar guy?
Cas:  This is Cassie’s friend, Balthazar, and poor Cassie is already asleep.  Too much fun too early ;)
Cas took the clipboard and signed it with elegant scrawl and handed it back.  He turned back to Dean, chin up.  The man with the clipboard thanked Cas.
Dean shook his head slowly, his hips moving as lust pooled around in his groin.  Cas thrust up, his now hard cock rubbing with Dean’s, making them both moan.
Not that he thought too hard on wanting to jerk Cas off, but it had seemed like a gift from the gods of dick or whatever that Cas had gotten his cock stuck in the room divider and Dean was there to help.
It only took seconds for Cas to come after him, but those seconds were long enough for Dean to realize he was speaking the truth, and as he felt Cas start to orgasm, he grabbed Cas’s come-covered fingers and sucked them into his mouth, licking his own semen off them, nearly deep-throating Cas’s fingers.  It was weird, but he wanted as much of Cas inside him as he could get.
When presents were opened, paper and ribbons cleared up, and pancakes eaten, Dean went to grab his phone.  He’d left it on his bed on purpose- he knew he’d get distracted checking it all morning.
He could only awkwardly reach with one hand to close the video and check the battery.  14%.  Fuck fuck fuck.
Dean opened his eyes.  He looked tortured.  “I don’t know how long I can keep this up, Cas,” he wheezed, still rutting the bed.
Dean nodded, trying to grind on Cas’s fingers again, this time meeting with a little success when Cas’s middle finger breached his hole an inch.  He sighed in relief.  Cas grinned up at him.
Cindy laughed merrily.  “Team Free Will, I like that, I’ll have to steal it.  So back to the toys...how about just the plug starter kit you were looking at.  Seems like a good not-over-the-top way to start a gift exchange.”  She handed Cas the package and headed for the counter with Cas trailing behind.  She rang him up and put the box in a black bag along with a few samples of lube.
Dean waited, remembering to not take things at face value, let Cas talk before leaping to the wrong conclusion.
Cas had a serious talk with himself as he walked the short distance to the suite.  He had to be very careful about this situation- Dean was in a vulnerable state, and he couldn’t take advantage of that.  He’d treat it carefully, and offer assistance if asked.
Cas shot up, hitting his head on the door frame of the car as he twisted in his seat to see who was there.  He froze, panties over his nose, his dilated eyes shiny and glazed, his hand still moving over his cock, too close to his orgasm to stop.  His eyes widened as Dean strode closer, letting his robe fall open, revealing his cock, throbbing and already starting to leak.  Cas’s eyes locked on his after sweeping over his body, and he released his cock gracefully just as Dean sank his lips over the silky flesh, arching his hips up as he came, the hotness of it hitting the back of Dean’s throat as he swallowed around Cas, sucking it down.  Cas cried out, hands thrust into Dean’s hair, holding him still as Dean sucked the last few drops from Cas’s cock.
“I missed you,” he whispered against Cas’s lips, not quite touching.  The tension seemed vibrate in that small space, crackle like lightning, and Cas made the final distance, pressing his mouth firmly to Dean’s, the contact pulling a moan from his throat.
There was a gasping noise, and Dean saw the top of a head of messy brown hair in the cab of Cas’s truck.
Dean was slowly sinking down on Cas’s cock, and from that angle, he could watch as every inch of himself disappeared into that tight pink hole.  Dean was moaning, rising up, and sliding further down, almost fully impaled, leaning slightly back, his nipples erect, his chest flushed red, his hair a mess, his eyes hooded and dark.  He smirked down at Cas and began to roll his hips.
Dean was carefully siddleing up behind her, witch killing bullets loaded into his gun, looking for a clear shot.  It was too risky to try and swat her down with his grace, he needed to be sure Dean was safe.  His eyes darted on their own accord to Dean.
The first two fingers slid in easily.  He was well versed in the fingering of his ass, and he usually preferred it if he could get a girl to do it when they hooked up.  It was good ol Rhonda Hurley who showed him the magic of prostate stimulation, and he loved it more than sinking into a nice warm pussy.  In fact, in recent years, his preferred method of releasing steam changed to picking up a girl at a bar, to drinking Jack Daniels and watching anal porn and fucking himself with whatever was handy.
Dean watched as Cas returned Dean’s stupid thumbs up, then clipped a rose from the pot on the porch.  “Nice touch,” Dean mumbled to himself, wanting to kick himself in the nuts.
Dean stood and showed off for Cas, posing like a bodybuilder, prancing across the room for a laugh.  He felt so comfortable in that moment, safe.  Dean leaned across the table, ass up, legs spread, and looked coyly over his shoulder.  He nearly jolted when he saw Cas had already crossed the room.  Cas draped himself over Dean, his thick cock resting in the crevice of Dean’s ass.  Cas made sharp little thrusts with his hips, pressing Dean into the table, the friction making Dean whimper and push back into Cas.
“Sucked that bad, huh?”  Dean shifted so he could look into Cas’s eyes.  They were very close, and he fought the urge to lean in and press their lips together.  He struggled to keep his eyes from straying to Cas’s mouth.
“No, Dean,” Cas felt his pleasure ratchet up as he pictured Dean hog-tied as he pounded into his wet hole.  “I don’t want to....harm you accidentally.”  He had no idea how to explain angel mating to Dean, so he left it at that.
Cas blushed and hurried after Dean as he went through his door, letting Cas in, then closing the door and locking it.
Dean rolled over, the sun harsh in his eyes.  He reached out a hand and caught the edge of the curtain and yanked it, closing the gap.  He groaned.  Movement was not a good thing.
“I made a promise to you years ago; I would never read your thoughts, but it’s very difficult to maintain that boundary when you practically shout them at me.”
The garage light was still on when he went down the stairs carefully.  There was a sound and he froze, his hunter instincts on high alert.  He waited until he heard it again.
The world stopped spinning and froze to ice.  In the midst of all the cold, sweat broke out on Dean’s back and his breathing quickened.  He felt like he was about to have a panic attack.  Sex?  Balthazar didn’t say anything about them being a thing
Cas lowered himself into a chair and watched the images on the screen.  “I hadn’t realized they had evolved to change form.  It makes sense, since they disappeared during the Dark Ages.  We had assumed they feasted on too many virgins with the Black Plague.”
The woman who had been laughing with Cas before Dean came in approached.  Dean saw a name tag similar to Cas’s on her shirt saying ‘Nora’.
Dean’s stoic face started to crack.  He snorted, and Cas could tell he was holding back a laugh.  Cas wanted that laugh, coveted that laugh, would have that laugh.
Cas dropped Dean’s cock, making him whimper and pulled the panties one last time from his hole.  The fabric had soaked up all the lube and spit, so Cas tongued Dean a little for the camera, leaving him mostly dry.  The computer pinged.
Dean crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow, his face still freshly flushed from sex, his hair ruffled, and the musky scent of him lingering in the air.  Cas swallowed roughly and looked away.
Dean moaned.  He sure felt like dying.  He needed Cas.  Why would he leave him?  He just wanted to make Cas want him like he wanted Cas.
Cas allowed this for only a few moments- he could feel that Dean was nearing orgasm- and he pulled his hands away and flipped Dean to his back in one swift movement with his wings.  Dean stared up, his lips parted and red from biting, there was a lovely pink flush all down his body, and he was panting and writhing around, his cock fully hard again.  Cas needed to tase him.
I'll update the tags, but this chapter has Cas/other dudes, so beware, but know in your heart that I will always bring together the boys at the end because I am a smooshy romantic and I believe in Destiel.
Dean started laughing so hard he had to sit down.  Cas rolled his eyes and waited for him to stop.  But everytime he did, he’d glance back over at Cas and start howling again.
Dean laughed and threw off the blanket, the chill air feeling fantastic on his overheated, slick skin.  Cas looked back into his eyes.  It sent a jolt through him, the care and affection he saw there.  Dean rolled his hips, eliciting a hiss from Cas, whose eyes darkened and filled with hunger.  Dean grinned, rolling Cas to his back and straddling his thighs.  Cas’s hands moved to Dean’s hips, and Dean scooted up so Cas’s cock lined his ass crack and ground down once, twice, Cas pressing back and gasping loudly.
Dean squinted through the windshield into the brightly lit store.  Sam’s voice on the phone was complaining about Crowley or something, but Dean had already started to tune him out.
“Do you like this Dean?  I am very pleased that you do.  You see, I have never done this to anyone before, but my knowledge is very broad in this area, as my sexual fascination seems to be mostly for men.  I have watched many moves and read many magazines.”
Dean sat at the bar, on his second beer.  It was nearly 1 am, and he was feeling pretty good about his life choices at the moment.  He did indeed meet Aaron at the bar, but instead of fucking, they played three rounds of pool.  Jo got winner, so Dean played three with her.  They’d laughed, ate awesome burgers (Dean kept saying he’d have gone gay earlier if he knew that the burgers were so good.  Ellen hit him with a spatula), and just talked about stuff.  Dean ended up spilling everything about Cas to Aaron and Jo, and they lent a sympathetic ear, ensuring him that he’d have the opportunity to meet lots of men, and there was someone out there for him.
Cas wrinkled his nose in distaste.  “No.  That would be…”  He trailed off, seeing her point.  “So it’s an unconventional friendship.”
It was a soft moan.  Low, followed by a sigh.   Dean crept down the stairs.  No one should be there, he’d looked and Baby’s keys weren’t on the table when he passed the war room.
