“Thanks Robin Hood…” Luke replied, running to try and pry off the edges of the metal sheet off one of the bot’s legs, while he could. At least if he could expose the circuitry then they’d be able to disable it from walking around the city and causing more damage.
“Operation Rebirth…” The large beige folder indicated, worn and used, frayed and dog-eared, and was clearly something that hadn’t been read in years. Tony took the folder in his arms to the desk, skimming through the frail papers trying not to damage them even more than they already had been. It looked like a relic, but the project judging by the dates, was relatively recent. No, that was until he spotted the date of initiation – dated back to World War II. His sapphire orbs widened with perplexity, the bridge of his brow creasing with perturbation. This was certainly something, and something that he doubted was even real in the first place. Sure he’d heard his father talk about this stuff, especially in regards to the Super Soldier Serum and the experiment that spawned a hero called Captain America – but he was killed in action long ago, that was the verdict. Howard had been searching for years and years to no avail.
There was a silent exchange between them it seemed, and even Peter was shocked. Usually by this time it would be firing its repulsors at anyone that it deemed a threat. But maybe he’d spoken too soon in that case.
T’challa rolled his eyes at Tony while Reed tackled that judgemental look that Tony had braced himself for. Slowly he wiped his hands on his already oil-stain covered white tank top that he was used to working in.
“I don’t know what’s happening to me…” Steve sobbed with a hoarse voice, hating to be this way in front of Tony, knowing for well that he needed to keep the mask up of a strong Captain, but as he had told others in the past; it takes an even stronger man to cry.
“I thought you would be content with the invention of your own dimension… Trying to bring those things here… We’ve taken them down once…” Steve continued to splutter after hours of shouting the same thing, so much so that his voice rang with a hoarse undertone.
The words were filled with conviction, filled with hope and power. This was something Tony was setting his mind toward. Hurting Steve was the last straw. He leaned closer to the torso of his suit, fixing the new and improved spinal clamp. “We’ll go to the tower and this will be the end of it, rescue Peter, save the others. The end.”
He shook his head. “You’re my Captain, Steve. You understand me? Can you hear what I’m saying at least?”
Shortly after the man was taken in and everyone’s eyes remained glued on the cowering criminal a man with short messy blond hair with a band aid on his nose dragged his feet into the staff room, reaching immediately for the pot of coffee. Rather than pouring a mug he just took the entire thing and began to drink from it.
“My point exactly. Sue has her methods of dealing with things. It would just be reassurance if we had a second opinion. Your scanners should be able to do just that.”
Tony’s single remaining hand grabbed Steve by the collar of his uniform and tugged him closer, glaring eye to eye with him, teeth bared as he fought the voices in his head commanding him to beat Steve to a bloody pulp. Each strike he landed on Steve was something that he began to
Tony dreaded to think what had happened to her, whether her body was further up or had been dragged by those behemoths. Either way he knew that it couldn’t end well, not if Jessica was like this. Carol wouldn’t just leave her, in fact, she wouldn’t leave anyone. She would stick it out until the end and make sure that everyone was safe, even if it cost her own life. The selflessness was a painful quality that most of them had, but it was something that all of the Avengers had to learn to deal with. That’s the reason that Tony kept reminding himself that Cap must’ve died for something and he wouldn’t let the loss of his hero be in vain.
Their eyes crossed once more and upon seeing the tears trickle down the dark mauve bruise on Tony’s cheek the Super Soldier’s entire body began to tremble.  He caught the quiver of Steve’s strong jaw and reached his hand out – a bead of sweat plummeting to the ground, a scent of fear.
“Like what?” Tony asked, drawing his head back hesitantly from Steve’s chest to look up at Steve, who did the same.
“The second we get out of here we’re going to be surrounded.” Natasha sighed, replacing the magazine in her pistol.
Tony side-eyed him with a shake of his head before going from screen to screen again, tapping it and trying to refocus his attention, as difficult as it was tearing it away from the forthcoming battle with Hammer. “Here’s what we’re going to do; T’challa you’ll take on Black Swan, Thor you take on the Destroyer, Natasha you’ll take the Red Guardian, Carol you’ll be taking on Absorbing Man – who by the way, is a pain so watch out – Clint you’ll be with Crossfire, Vision you get a Doombot, Bruce you get your buddy, Major Talbot, and Steve you’ll have Taskmaster. I’ll, of course, be with Hammer. As I speak co-ordinates are being sent to your Avengers tablets. You’ll be able to track down your target there. I don’t like splitting you all up, but I’m sure we can handle ourselves. If they were closer, then maybe we could tackle them one on one, but like I said, I’ve got a score to settle with Hammer.”
hand to wipe the remnants of the liquid splatters from his mouth, looking nothing but miserable. That was a vile taste; it’d tasted like he’d downed a bottle of battery fluid.
Neither of them were a match for Hammer and Killgrave on their own, but together they were strong and mighty, especially with the help of the others who were ensuring that no more drones slipped in and cornered them.
Steve was trying to catch his breath after realising that running with his new pair of legs wasn’t as easy as it had looked, despite the ‘training’ he’d had with Tony whilst getting to the mansion. He turned around to see Tony holding something that appeared crumpled in his hand, and decided to take a gander. As he looked closer he saw the words ‘Captain America’ written all over it. He smiled softly and tugged Tony into his arms, hugging him tightly.
For a brief second there was relief while all four of them stood in the enclosed space, the soft hum of peaceful elevator music filling their ears and making a distinct change from the sound of rapid-fire coming their way. Tony allowed the breath that he was holding all that time to escape.
“Drawer… Lube…” Tony mumbled, pointing by using his fingers but desperately trying not to let their lips part again.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good… Just make sure they don’t come down here. Cap’s pride means a lot to him.”
“Right… Got it…” Steve replied. He had no choice but to pull back and scramble over the sheets to reach toward the nightstand and rummage through the drawers, and low and behold, there was an unopened bottle which read ‘cherry flavour’. Steve’s mind was too much of a lust filled haze to question it, placing it down next to Tony and letting his fingertips curl around the elastic of his perfect white briefs.
Tony shot the robotic dog a small glare but Reed just agreed with a profound looking nod and turned back to his work, writing on the blackboard by stretching his extra elastic limb. It was clear that Reed was a man who intended to focus on work rather than deal with distractions.
“Buddy,” Tony greeted the big blond Asgardian. Reaching out, he clapped his hand on his friend’s shoulder and pat with a gleeful smirk plastered over his face.
Tony leaned in, flexing his shoulders back, armour shifting accordingly as a few tendrils reached up, sparling up his arm and rubbed against the surface of the mirror as though his lust was commanding him to lurch closer. “You’re a smug son of a gun.” He whispered.
Tony’s eyebrows raised. Perhaps this was Steve’s way of asking him for a little ‘time together’. With that prospect in mind he practically ran to latch arms with him and was taken outside, hearing the clatter of plates on the way out.
For a moment they stared into each other’s eyes before laughing with embarrassment, the both of them. Steve brushed Tony off and led him to the car, opening the door before he slipped inside. The cop walked to the door step and opened the door, waving to Tony and heading indoors, admiring his new watch, which made a noise when he was behind the door.
Steve’s hand reached for the bottle that Tony held out ready for him, though with a little nervousness considering how big Steve’s fingers were. Those strong hands could do wonders but they did make him a little uneasy.
He’d thought he lost all hope when he was searching for a true meaning, a true purpose at the bottom of a bottle. Now there Steve was, not only saving him from his fate, from drowning his sorrows and sins, he was trying to give him this hope. As his hand continued to glide along the ‘wings’ he felt them solidify into proper feathers, feeling the soft touch of each one tickle his skin. Suddenly his heart felt a lot lighter. The Captain America of his dreams, his hero, was stood before him with his wings fanned out, just as he’d imagined. Finally, after all these years, someone was finally here to save him from himself, from the harsh world that had hurt him so.
Steve retched in pain, raising his palms to face Tony once more. With the sound of charging repulsors being heard Tony tried to get to his feet, holding up his hands. “Steve? Steve, what’s happened to you? You know I’m trying to help you.”
Tony was going to reply, bundling himself tighter and closer into Steve’s arms, but instead of replying another idea popped into his head, a lightbulb dinged just above him coincidently. He peered upward- nope, that was purely a coincidence, an oddly fitting one.
“You have yourself a deal. Didn’t they name those after you?” Tony felt a huge weight lift off his shoulders, coaxing him wasn’t as hard as he thought it’d be.
Again, Steve’s feathers turned a pale pink and shuddered as he smiled, observing the relaxed state of the man that lay still on the bed. The gentle rise and fall of his chest made Steve want to loom closer, he urged to feel it. He wanted to feel him. He wanted to hold him again.
Steve’s head was hazy, with flashes of memory gradually returning to him, but he returned the tight grip, keeping Tony as secure as he could, but his body continued to involuntarily spasm from the bad circuitry.
“Your friends are over there, Steve. Your friends.” Tony pointed to the stasis tubes. “Do you see them?”
It was when Steve was going through his weapons that a small chip had fallen out, staring at it with disbelief he plugged it into a card slot that he had newly installed into his armour, after all, it was brand new armour; somewhat. The chip was old and worn and had the old Stark Industries logo on it; it was practically a relic so obviously it took its time to boot up.
Each breath was becoming a heave. Even his sense of taste was starting to fade, but that very moment he wished he could taste Steve’s lips once more. At the sight of his quivering jaw, Tony tried as much as he could to raise himself, to whisper into Steve’s ear.
Hammer was sent to prison and Killgrave was taken care of by SHIELD, thrown into the negative zone prison, most likely.
“Tony…” Steve whispered, parting their lips to see the man instantly push his head back, instead he wrapped one arm around his lean body and then took Tony’s chin in his hand.
“Save me the jargon.” Tony was starting to sound more like Steve every day. Perhaps imitation really was the sincerest form of flattery. “You realise tranquilisers won’t last long on Steve, and I’m not too keen on trying to knock him out using magic either. There’s no reason to call Strange into this. I called him as a consultant, and he hasn’t even been able to find a cure by magic. All he told me was that it was a ‘curse’ and that he had to go. Calling him to knock Steve out isn’t really an option, and it’s
Now he had an even bigger mess to sort out and he couldn’t even get it straight in his head, and he was a genius; brain control, augmentations, microchips, neuro toxins… It was crazy.
“There’s not much we know, and we’ve tried to use all the medical expertise we can. Although it’s limited. You see, everyone with super powers and super enhancements seem to be doubly as effected. Therefore, the deterioration of their brain seems to be more severe.”
Tony ran his hand through hair, his good hand, tugging at the wet strands as they went against the grain of his natural parting. That was before his eyes fell to the ground, caught on a patch of blue. He had never dropped to his hands and knees so quickly in his entire life. He began throwing the rocks away quicker, his eyes widening as he spotted Steve’s uniform with that distinct material that he had made himself, how could he forget the texture. He and Steve had sat down together for hours deciding upon something that was flexible yet durable and comfortable – good old American ingenuity.
Steve lurched closer, his own repulsors glowing as the other man attempted to get through to him but to no avail. “You are a threat to the humans, along with the rest of your race.”
“Count me in, so long as it’s bagels, Brooklyn boy.” Tony flashed a toothy grin at Steve, trying to not unintentionally lean into him, or rather fighting the urge not to…even though when he had done so in the past, Steve didn’t say a word.
Photos of the ‘partners’ flashed up on the screen. Octavious, Hammer, Stane, Bain and many more – all with the words ‘deceased’ and how they died.
Together they walked hand in hand, walking away as the mansion, their home, burned to ashes with every step they took away from it. But all that mattered in that moment was that they were
No, he thought to himself, now was not the time to pin the blame on himself. He brushed the tears forming by his ducts away, taking a deep breath to steady his trembling.
“Shhh…” The little boy said, scooting over to Steve and placing his index finger over Steve’s lips, cutting him off. “Papa doesn’t like it when we talk loudly.” He was surprisingly coherent for someone who looked around five or six years of age.
The large metal tubing echoed hollowly, sending the shivers of vibrations through Danny’s fist. As strong as he was, he hadn’t managed to knock the bot over yet, but it had lost its balance and began to stumble, frantically looking around and directing its fingertips toward the two men that appeared as small as ants in comparison to it. Its fingertips began to glow bright yellow.
Bucky’s arrival was the most exciting thing that’d happened to him in a month. Everything else was extremely mundane, Steve was trying to look for a job after doing his service, but day after day he found nothing. Instead he would sit in his room and draw, maybe go to the bar, but everything seemed the same, every morning seemed the same. Mornings consisted of a small run around the block, and morning paper and coffee, then a trip to the gym and then lunch at a diner. The same routine, the same passers-by, the same smiles and nods, tilts of hats and subtle waves and giggles from schoolgirls passing.
“That’s right. We’ll be able to do as much work as we need to in the time that we need to.” T’Challa spoke.
“That’s right, Steve, remember,” Tony pleaded, staying stooped down on his knees in front of the man and placing his hands on his broad shoulders, trying to very cautiously edge toward the back of his neck where the chip was. If he could manage to try and get it out completely then that might stop this from happening. No wonder why Peter was so eager to let Tony get rid of his chip without a question, especially if this was the consequence. The thing is, he didn’t know how dependent Steve was on it, whether that would keep this neuro-destroying airborne toxin from destroying him. Again, Tony was reminded that it was because of his reactor that he was saved from it, and he did notice that Steve had a reactor in his suit; maybe, just maybe there was a chance that he wasn’t dependent on this chip and that he’d be able to survive without it.
He was the last thing he had seen – having opened his eyes before the darkness befell him. The last person he had
for something to come at him as he stared through the crack. It was so dark he could barely see a thing – a purple hue lit the room and doused its surroundings in the same colour. It went against the orange rust that the factory was originally painted in, the dirty colour that was all along the outside of the building until artistic graffiti had been plastered over some of the sides, bringing a strange life to the factory.
Tony snarled under his breath, constantly and forever holding a vendetta against the man who had stolen one of his suits and gave it a paint job – naming it the Iron Patriot. He glanced at his arm only to see an Oscorp brand sticker hidden by the bend of the arm. Instantly Tony tried to scratch it off, only to spot a larger logo on his left heel.
Steve’s cheeks went red when he felt Tony’s hand brush against his own, even if it wasn’t real it was still… Well, Tony. He brought his hand up and looked at what he was given; a silver watch shaped like a star. His eyes lit up the second he looked at it. “Tony, you shouldn’t have… I mean, I didn’t do much to deserve this.”
The Persian cat that followed Doom around jumped onto Reed’s lap and hissed, using his arm as a scratching post.
The ground shifted under his heavy boots, the sound of crushing on the rest of the debris was extremely loud. Though as he stood over the bot, he was struck with an epiphany; what if he could use these as a temporary fix, to at least give him use of his arm for now?
“No Cap, there’s something else you might want to look at. It’s our old pal… Tony Masters, AKA, Taskmaster.”
He could feel the sudden twitch under his fingertips, and Steve’s hand shifted to hold Tony’s instead, in a tight hold with the smallest of smiles on his face. He could see the pain under that stare, but Steve trying to be positive was a good start – better than he had anticipated.
Walking along as quietly as they could, sticking the walls and peering around corners, having to duck whenever they saw a cronies with faces that was blank slates walk by.  Ducking through the narrow hallways they finally reached the large wooden door with the numbers ‘66’ written down in a dark green.
She didn’t even need to finish, Rhodey nodded, but stood on watch, sadly taking in the sight of his best friend in the state he was in.
Tony felt his chest tighten at the words and slipped off the work chair he was settled on, standing in front of the screen just the other side. “I should’ve recorded you saying that for future reference. Cap actually knows how to say ‘sorry’.”
“We’re not going to die,” she said, clutching a little tighter to Jessica. She was firm, reassuring, giving the other woman a strength from her heart that the fight had worn at.
“Got it!” Tony repulsored Hammer back, and then had to stop to recharge. His makeshift repulsor only had so much juice, and it was sapping it right out of Tony’s chest. It made the billionaire short of breath, forcing him to stop and gather his energy.
“I hope, at least.” Tony said, just before the loud clash of thunder was heard overhead, right above the mansion. He jumped, teeth clenched tightly as the ringing echoed through his ears like a bell that had just been struck, that was until the Captain’s hand reached over and firmly grasped over his shoulder, giving Tony that reassuring squeeze that he so desperately needed.
She held her hands out, the newly fixed eyeplates glowing as she let out a screech and surged toward the boy, full throttle. Tony raised his hand, narrowing his already blurry vision to get some sort of clarity before shooting his repulsor at the woman from behind, sending her forward into Peter.
“You see, I survived the accident, Reed. All this time I’ve been right here, continuing my plans. At first I sought a few items for my own creations; metal parts, money, emeralds – they weren’t just for vanity, they were all for my plans to create the ultimate robot and build my kingdom. But every time I tried to obtain these materials you and your pesky robot were in my way!”
The Captain knew that Tony was taking too much of the lead, and he certainly wasn’t used to it. He planted his lips on Tony’s neck, watching the golden undersuit recede a bit to reveal his chest, stopping just at his waist. He placed his lips to his skin, biting lightly, wanting to show his presence. He may have been subdued because of his injuries, because of his shock and his head, but Steve Rogers was still present and he sure as hell was still Captain America.
“Tony!” Steve yelled loudly, punching at the glass. Reed made the screen one sided again, which only made the super soldier pound harder, blindly, calling out for his saviour.
He could feel himself puffing his chest out, shutting his eyes for a second but then snapping out of it, resuming his cool demeanour.
“Carol and Jessica have made sure that the area has been evacuated since I sent them the sitrep. There are a couple of lab assistants inside the building; according to this the bot used Tony’s security override to get into the building into the first place, rather than smashing its way in.”
Cautiously he stepped toward it to take a better look. The first thing he noticed was that his eyes were icy blue and his pupils looked constricted, it looked demonic with black veins instead of red streaming along the whites of his eyes. He leaned closer to have a better look; placing his hands just on his cheeks and slightly tugging on his skin so that he could see into his own eyes better. His skin was pale, sickly looking. His face seemed sunken in, cheekbones seemed sharper and angular. His hands trailed down to his lips that were pale in colour, then to his hands that were skeletal and seemed unfamiliar. His muscles looked as though he was starting to fade away and yet he remained tall in stature wondering how the serum still maintained its effect, but whatever condition he was in it seemed to be beyond any of the scientists, it seemed much was to be explained to him. His hair hung dead even as he tried to push it back into it’s neat parting, it seemed to just lay heavy and without lustre.
.  She couldn’t believe her eyes. She hadn’t encountered the Red Guardian in years, and the last she had heard he was actually on the side of good, or rather – deemed himself an antihero.
“I love you…” His voice was strained. Once again Steve lay back, pulling Tony with him, though the dark haired man cringed when he felt Steve pull out and the sticky liquid drip down his inner thigh. But he relaxed and lay on top of Steve, looking up at the man whose hair was matted down, damp with sweat knowing for well that he probably looked exactly the same.
Steve held up his hand, “Hold on, I thought you said that Victor had died? Von Doom, right? Is that who you’re talking about?”
“You’re an angel.” The boy pointed out, looking up at Steve’s wings, “Papa says that there’s no such thing as angels. Why do you have wings on your back mister? What’s it like to fly? One day I’m going to fly too. I’ll fly far, far away.”
Steve smiled as he watched each blip on the map fade, turning to Tony. “You did it, everyone’s free again, we did it Tony.” He said, kneeling down next to him and placing a hand over his chest, just over the wires, the gaping wound in his chest still pouring but by this point the flow had lessened.
On some nights, it would rain and he would smile, remembering how the harsh cold droplets over his skin would always be dried away by Steve with a large fluffy white towel if he came into the mansion in that state.
Tony quickly shoved the figure back into the drawer and put the false bottom over it before Howard had the chance to walk over to him. His eyes filled with fear and he backed into his chest of drawers, knocking over the lamp that was balanced on it and flinching the moment that the bulb shattered upon impact.
It was hard to believe the weight of the world was on his shoulders and right now he could only depend on himself, although he would’ve liked to believe that the villains were actually going to help the rebellion somehow.  He was a mess, Tony knew for well he had always been a mess. Whenever he tried to drift into self-loathing Steve was always there to pick him up, hell, he’d saved him from a burning building when he was falling into the abyss, being dragged down by his demons. Steve really was his angel and it had taken him a very short amount of time to realise that, but admitting and confessing was another ordeal entirely.
the billionaire thought, but sought to be peaceful. He’d just get this over with and keep the best interests of the team in mind.
Steve looked back at him, a little surprised to be hearing such a positive attitude, but it was taken on board and appreciated too. Perhaps Steve was a little too caught up in playing cops and robbers that maybe he’d lost sight of what mattered, and was happy to be reminded.
He was distracted with the radio, so much so that Steve didn’t notice when the ceiling began to collapse, a huge flaming chunk falling in front of the door. The loud thud jolted his attention to focus and he ran toward the exit – but it was too late, he was locked inside, surrounded by fire.
The tall blond woman swallowed thickly. “He can’t be real. Tony died, we all saw it with our own eyes.”
Steve scoffed and turned his head toward it, giving Tony the thumbs up. He took long, slow strides with his hands behind his back for the time being, wanting to take in everything as per his natural habit, but upon realising that there was indeed, not much to take in, he felt his chest weigh heavier. There wasn’t an ounce or trace of colour in the room asides from what lay over his body.
He shook his head, watching a feather fall to the ground. Tony’s eyes were fixated on it throughout the entire decent.
“Steve… Please, I promise, this will help you.” He spoke through the helmet, biting his lower lip but glad that Steve couldn’t see him doing that.
The little boy stared up at Steve and smiled brightly, getting up from his toys and running over to a small chest of drawers, gesturing for Steve to come over. Steve rose to his feet and walked over to Tony, watching as the boy pulled out his bottom drawer, pulling out all of his socks and then pulling off a false bottom on the drawer, and then from the false bottom, getting out a Captain America action figure and holding it up to Steve.
His fingertips tentatively squeezed at the boot, then relaxed, eyes searching for Tony’s now violet rimmed blues. “Tony…” He could see the resistance in his face; he could see Tony desperately trying to fight whatever was in his head.
“The same thing, in fact, the Black Widow was compatible for a long time. Now look at her, she rejected the upgrades.” He gestured over to her tube, next to Bucky’s. Her skin was torn, her complexion was pale and withered, her hair had grey streaks and body looked frail. “All in all, I needed extremis.”
Steve tried his best to swing his arms out, his gloved fingertips, red as Tony’s armour reached for his leg, sliding down it with a loud squeak. It was then he realised due to the rain that they were soaked in, he couldn’t grab him.
“GPS tracking,” he murmured whilst Captain Marvel turned the chip back and forth. She didn’t know exactly what it was by looks, but if Peter said it was what the dark haired man had said, then she trusted him. He was one of the few people she could trust. Her red cybernetic eye darted to analyse it then began to ache, with that she clutched her faceplate.
He had successfully engineered cybernetic legs – attaching them to Steve. His hands where soaked in blood. Not only had it taken hours to wire, but it took hours to pull up the conviction to cut off Steve’s legs. He had to stop numerous times to turn his head to one side and actually purge his system. He couldn’t believe he had cut Steve like that – replaced parts of him. There the soldier was in a torn uniform from the legs down, with new chrome gleaming enhancements on his legs with splatters of blood. Steve’s boots didn’t fit either – not on the soles of the bot. Tony had stolen the power source from the old drone and used it to allow Steve’s legs to function. He was sure that they would work, and praised Rhodey and Pepper for pushing him to going into military grade augmentations for veterans – having done all of his research beforehand, he was certain that they were functioning. All it involved now was for Steve to wake up.
Instead he reached over to him, his metal fingertips gently pushing back wet strands of Steve’s hair and shielding his eyes from the rain.
“I’m getting something…” His brow furrowed, lips downturned, tapping his goatee just before he reached to the top of his hat and tapped the centre of it, before tugging out a long silver antenna, grimacing a little whilst he did. Steve stared, absolutely gobsmacked. “Go go Stark communicator…” He whispered so Steve couldn’t hear.
Steve took to the air too as Peter tried to websling away, though that didn’t stop Tony from holding on as tightly as he could, his legs wriggling as he tried to maintain his balance in the air. Peter couldn’t get far, not at the speed that the man was going even when he was weighed down by the huge armour that was grappling at his arm for some sort of leverage.
It was a privilege for them to have shared their experiences, with each story told he felt their bond become closer and closer. That and Steve had no trouble opening up to Tony, and vice versa. It had only been a week of them working together and yet they were already so close, it even took Steve by surprise but he embraced it. He loved Tony’s attitude, as much as he teased him for it and often got snarky comments and terrible puns in return, but what wasn’t to love about that?
With that he was given the permission to push yet another finger inside, spreading them slowly and scissoring his way to widen and relax the muscle, to train it.
Captain America turned and gave Tony a look that could turn water into ice. “You’re coming with me, I need someone with more tech expertise. You can’t just take the backseat.”
“Like this…” Steve said, leaning closer and pressing his lips to it, making Tony’s expression soften instantly, his breath hitching for a moment from the shock.
Tony tip toed a bit, he was only inch shorter than Steve but it made the world of difference. Just as he reached he lost his footing and nearly fell, that was, until Steve quickly moved behind him and caught him, holding him in his arms.
It was best to not think about him, especially since that guardian of his wasn’t around any longer, and the thought of that just broke his heart. Faded dreams left a bitter taste on his tongue.
“Steve, I’ve learned a lot from those games. And one thing I’ve learned is to not waste your resources for the boss fight on the lackey before it!” He pointed to JARVIS who was by the computers, already wired in via his tail and collecting data, but before he had the chance to MODOK turned around, yelling out frantically before shooting a blast at him. Tony ran in front of his prized creation.
There it was, right in front of him; the broken hospital. He turned his head slowly toward the park, seeing nobody there, nothing, just broken slabs of concrete where the previous fight had occurred. Now Carol was missing too, probably captured by these government officials.
Tony wanted to kiss him there and then. His heart filled with glee, the spark returned to his eye just to see Steve alive and well. He wanted to throw himself at him but he was still too guilt ridden to do so – not when he had reduced Steve to this, he couldn’t. Even though it felt like his chest was going to explode with emotion.
Steve was utterly panic stricken. He wanted to leap up and help until Tony uttered a few words in a monotonous voice.
“I’m fine! We need to get to that—“ The drone plane was launching, smoke was brimming from the thrusters and it began to shake much more violently, the roar of the propulsion systems being a deafening sound, particularly if you were strapped to the it.
Peter craned his head forward then turned to the other two with shoulders that seem to fall into a slump. “He looks real.”
The loud pang of bars hitting the ground forced both Steve and Tony to jump to their feet, spinning around to see that their one entrance and exit was now blocked off.
Just as MODOK exclaimed, the jet that was keeping his chair afloat flattered and suddenly stopped, sending him to the ground with a loud
“Hammer. He’s involved too. Justin Hammer…” Tony growled, accompanying the remark with a patented teenage sulk.
“More so than that.” There was a twinge of sadness in Tony’s voice. Clearly Peter had hit a sore spot unintentionally.
“It’s over,” they both replied. Tony’s chest powered up once, with Steve stood standing behind him, gathering their power together – joined by the touch of their fingers as Tony shot one last powerful unibeam straight toward Killgrave. The man flew through the air, the wires snapping from the impact, and yet he was still conscious, just barely.
“Because Tony… I’ve seen what he’s done to you, he’s hurt you, he’s the cause of your wings being like this.” Steve explained, trying to keep Tony in his grip when it was clear by Tony’s hand dropping from patting his back, that he wasn’t impressed at the mention of his father.
Within a blink of an eye it was as though someone had flipped a switch, they stood up with their mouths wide open and frothing, leaping toward the two armoured heroes like rabid animals.
Steve stared at the screen at the small hologram that Tony had made appear, which showed a small x-ray of the bomb.
Then there was Peter that was slinging around trying to use a modified web shot as tinned snow substitute – spraying it around the windows to try and get a frosty finish.
Tony sidestepped to give Steve a nod that they both knew too well and tilted his shoulders back, the bright light in the centre of his chest powering up. He pivoted on his heel as Steve drew out his shield, the powerful unibeam hitting the surface and parrying off in the direction of the goblin, shooting the glider down and sending it crashing into the floor. With the room flooding with smoke, Steve and Tony stood together, his knees unlocking after having to stand and brace himself for the sheer power of the unibeam. They had to wait for the smoke to clear as Steve’s eyes widened, activating a different type of vision he didn’t even knew he had when he squinted. It was a heat sensor.
“Do you want me to slow down, Mr. Rogers? Your heartrate has vastly increased.” The soft silky smooth voice of AI spoke from the dashboard.
The pain he’d felt as he shot Steve, as he saw those steely eyes face him, a mask of resigned fury on his face, lingered. That pain had been what had drawn Tony here…to do this.
“How long is this going to take?” Steve whispered impatiently whilst they waited outside Doom’s mansion. It wasn’t hard to spot that it belonged to him either, it may have been located in the outskirts of the city but it was a giveaway, what with the huge statues of Doom standing outside – the huge caped menace standing with his hand in the air in pose that just resonated a lust for power.
“They aren’t wasted, my friend, they’re just put into a different place. You see, the schematics that were used to create me were… Mine and Reed’s brainchild, we thought of them together, with a lot of input from my friends back in the Air Force in regards to the jets and thruster power. I couldn’t have done it without Rhodey’s help. But anyway, Reed helped me build it and so now you have the best tool that the NYPD could possibly have!” He held out his hands, shimmying them a little to make a jazz hand gesture with tiny pieces of confetti flying from his sleeves.
After the struggle to get to his feet he heard his back crack, straightening up as much as he could and brushing away a trickle of blood that was dripping from the back of his head down his neck. When he hit the ground, he hit it so hard he was sure a couple of his teeth were knocked out in the process.
Every single word just went over Tony’s head, not because he misunderstood it, but because he had a single strand of hope that was just about ready to snap. The tips of his index fingers trailed and attempted to smooth out the bags under his eyes, but as soon as the tug stopped they returned, darker than ever under his dark sapphire blues. The cold desperation in his eyes was beginning to shine.
He watched the beads of water cascade down his perfectly smooth skin, he watched as Steve’s long fingers brushed and scrubbed at his skin, the drops trickling into the crevices of the indents of muscle, along the defined curve of his lower back. He was absolutely mesmerised by every small shift and movement. He had seen him naked before, obviously, that and the savage lands, their bodies weren’t foreign to one another and now in desperation Tony wanted to run his fingers along it. He traced along the misted window with his finger, along the delicate curve that Steve’s body outlined. His breathing steadied and he watched the way Steve’s lips moved under the water when the water skimmed over his face, glittering over his long eyelashes.
Tony couldn’t help but stare at Steve’s muscular body. No one in their right mind wouldn’t take the time to appreciate such an Adonis, standing there right in front of him, bare and exposed to the world. Tony’s mind wondered deep into his fantasies, shaking his head before scooting closer to Steve after he’d put on the gym shorts and t-shirt.
“Here here.” Matt chimes in, stood by the counter helping Janet out with the eggnog. Of course he’s dressed in one of his many absurdly garish Christmas sweaters with woollen decorations on it, along with the knitted slogan “I’m not Daredevil” in large letters across it.
His eyes darted, counting the searchlights that were coming from helicopters above; one, six, ten. Ten in a single area, and they all seemed to have their own designated areas to patrol. Now to count the time between movements. He slipped on his helmet and began doing the same with the rest of his armour, but just as he lowered the faceplate, his shoulder was grabbed.
Slowly, Tony pulled back and opened his sapphire blue eyes, staring up at Steve with intense curiosity and wondering himself whether he would be awoken by the sound of the others barking at him to wake up, or Pepper scolding him due to being late to yet another meeting.
Tony was easy to open up to, and Steve was a relatively guarded person so that was extremely difficult for him in the first place, but with him everything came naturally. Steve couldn’t help but laugh whenever he made a terrible joke, or whenever something exciting happened. While other cops would get annoyed with Tony, Steve would just laugh it off and help him out, after all that, in his head, was what partners were for – to help and support one another.
Tony couldn’t take it any longer, the butterflies in his stomach had amplified to a hurricane and he tried to gracefully lift his leg up, attempting to push Steve’s underwear down with the constant brushes of his foot against the fabric, reliant on the friction. Steve didn’t hesitate to assist, trying to wriggle and twist out of his own star spangled boxers, letting it hang down before hesitantly removing a hand from Tony’s plush skin to toss them off, allowing Tony to give them one final shove off with his ankle.
He tried to step closer, but every time he did, Steve took a step back, looking behind his shoulder at the mass of people going about their normal routine, and some stopping to stare at the commotion in the alley.
JARVIS was restored with a backup disk that Janet had managed to recover when they had returned to the mansion ruins, which was helpful and a relief for the inventor. Everyone seemed to love their new living space, and the tower in itself was one of Tony’s proudest creations. Not to mention he adored his new lab with even more space for all of his suits and creations underground. He did mourn the loss of his old suits and salvaged all he could from the old mansion, but for now he was content with what he had, and there was certainly no looking back.
His arm began to tremble as he held it out to support the failing leg, unable to keep this up for a lengthy period of time. The armour was heavy and the power chip was clearly not compatible with his leg and it was causing it to malfunction. He grit his teeth together and tried to shift without Steve noticing any area of weakness, since he knew well that he’d hone in on it.
He had to focus all of the energy he could, communicating with his suit through the micro-electrons that ran through his bloodstream, sending messages through as though activating an entirely new neuro-system, finally with that command his propulsion unit accelerated – sending him up into the air, and following the jet as fast as he could. Even though he was chasing Peter, Cap and Carol were still in the back of his mind. He couldn’t deny that Steve was his focus of thought, the way their eyes locked and for a second he could’ve sworn things were just the same as they once were, though he knew that was most probably just wishful thinking.
That knot in his stomach wouldn’t go away, in fact, with every passing moment it became tougher. He placed his hand over his stomach.
The room filled with the loud scream as they honed in on the man that had ruined their lives, that had killed so many of their friends.
He heaved the stones to aside, the bigger ones taking their toll on his back. Without his armour to support it, tasks were much more difficult. He couldn’t think about the strain his body was under when Steve was in trouble. He cast his pains and grief aside for the moment while he uncovered most of Steve’s body. He worked upwards and eventually brushed away a few rocks to reveal Steve’s face – he was unconscious, head tilted to one side, resting upon a pillow of grass and mud. The rocks that were on his face had left a few bruises and cuts, but he was lucky he had been in a tiny air pocket. The initial panic subsided after Tony’s hand moved for Steve’s neck and felt a pulse – it was faint, but it still beat ever so softly. His soldier was alive.
Steve rushed to the computer she was sitting in front of, looking around. “I’ve got an idea here where the security cameras are, there are dozens of them.” Steve sighed.
Steve fluttered his wings, letting them flap as they curled around Tony again, raising them so a feather brushed along Tony’s cheek – the other side of his face, not the one that he was rubbing with his own cheek.
Meanwhile Steve had to distract Doom, and he did so by charging straight at him, since it had taken Doom off guard before, but each strike sent him back a little. All Steve had to do was dig his heels into the ground and push forward, gritting his teeth as he ran. He knew Tony needed time, so he’d do anything he could to give him that.
The boots clipped into place, and Tony began fixing up the rest of Steve’s armour for him, although the Captain seemed to get a quick grasp of doing it himself, never one to just sit around helplessly no matter the condition he was in.
“Oh!” Tony’s nose scrunched a little to the prod, before he lifted the blanket that was around him, scooping Steve under it and bundling him closer. “You know, a king is nothing without his knight.”
Steve shut his eyes again, just resting on the man as he carried him, feeling weak and drained still. Now he was in familiar ground, Tony carried on walking, seeming as though he were trekking across a desert in his mind. It seemed like it at least. He was starving and weak, and each step was becoming more and more agonising. But it was worth it, as long as Steve was alive and well in his arms, everything was worth it.
…”  He smirked as though his smile was trying to cover up how much damage he’d really done. Regardless, Steve gulped audibly, staring at the man like a deer caught in the headlights, he just received a calm smile back and a shrug of the shoulders. “But it was an accident, plus this guy sure looks like he drinks his milk.”
“I know you don’t…” Steve tried to put himself in Tony’s shoes that moment. “Just…” Steve’s arm quivered and he turned from the glass, walking to another side of the room and punching the wall with frustration. The loud sound of impact made Tony jump.
“I’ll love you too, Tony, I’ll always... Always love you.” The golden haired angel replied, holding Tony tightly as he felt the boy drift to a gentle sleep as he held him throughout the night, whispering words of comfort along with butterfly kisses to his jaw and neck.
It was time to seek comfort in the one thing he knew would look after him, as he reached into his pocket and pulled out the Alcoholics Anonymous chip he had earned for managing to stay sober for one entire year. One entire year without even a sip of whiskey was an amazing feat for Tony, but he couldn’t have done it without the help of Steve. It was then that he remembered when he had suddenly had the feeling of being drunk overwhelm him during delivering his speech in the UN conference and completely losing it, after that he had gone to find the reasoning why he had felt this way only to have Hank yell at him and Clint make jokes about how it was typical of him to fall off the wagon. Throughout that entire argument there was one person who believed him about really being sober, and that was Steve who turned around, placed his hand on Tony’s shoulder and said the words he would never forget;
“You’re catching on now.” Bemused as he was, he stared up at the man that had saved him countless times, and Steve peered down at his own saviour.
The man raised the red gauntlet that began to charge with a recognisable high pitched noise, though it wasn’t pointed at Tony or Peter, it was pointed at Carol.
Tony stared like a kitten, wide eyed at his owner who just stirred lightly. Impatiently he huffed, dipping to press his chest against Steve’s, hearing the clink as their reactors pressed together. He let out a groan, the sensation being odd to say the least. It made his body go slightly numb, as though they were two magnets trying to repel from one another, which would make theoretical sense since the arc reactor was essentially based off the basis of an electro magnet.
Steve reluctantly walked through his own door, and carefully shut it once inside. Then he slumped on his bed face first and shut his eyes. His fingertips trailed along the pillow next to him. It wasn’t nearly as soft as Tony’s skin was, but it was all he had to simulate that sense.
“Tried to defuse a bomb in Florida, but my hand went numb when I inhaled some of that smoke, next I knew…”
He shrugged nonchalantly to hide the nerves that began to build upon his Freudian slip. “I could’ve said ‘the’ one and only, but this conversation is just between me and you, hence ‘my’.”
Steve’s eyes shot wide open, his cheeks going pink the moment that he felt the soft touch to his lips, the gentle slick feeling. His lips were warm and tasted ever so faintly of cherry whilst he himself smelled of sweet watermelon, the type he would eat on a hot summer’s day after a hard day’s work.
Black ooze dripped from the area that the syringe was still plunged into, and Tony took a few steps closer in disbelief. Maybe it was a reaction that Steve’s body was having to the chemicals after death, he reasoned hastily. A few more tentative steps with his heavy titanium-clad boots, ignoring Zola’s laughing in the distance. Every sound in that moment was tuned out…the only thing Tony heard was Steve’s body rattling the chains. Then he could hear something else; he could hear a gurgle of a voice deep down, coming from Steve’s throat.
“Great.” He nodded. “Come on Steve, let’s go and get Reed back!” He grabbed Steve’s arm, tugging him toward door.
Tony smiled back, wanting to tug Steve into a small hug. He did feel emotional after that, he may have been half robot because of his limbs but his heart and brain were still human. He was just an augmented human, one of the world’s first cyborgs. He resisted the embrace though, instead flashing a gentle smile and gesturing to the new and improved car. “Come on Rogers, let’s take you back.”
He let a sigh of relief escape his lips whilst the warm waters coated his body. He could stay in there forever, enjoying the feeling of each crystal trickle cascade down his spine.
After a moment of thought he reached up for his helmet, ignoring the warnings as he lifted it completely, placing it down. The stench of rancid rotting flesh flooded his nostrils and caused him to cough, turning away and placing his hand over his mouth to stop himself from gagging. Still he felt himself heave and cough repeatedly until he was able to adapt to the smell, overcoming it and turning once again to face Steve. The cold hit his skin and made him shudder, commanding his suit internally to heat up a bit. Slowly but surely he eased off one gauntlet so he could get what he desired; the one (last) touch.
The last thing he could remember was falling into the ocean, and then waking up in the sick bay back in the US camp where all the other soldiers were being treated. He didn’t see the Commandos, but he saw a couple of old faces and some new ones that he didn’t quite remember serving with. But the US Army was huge, he couldn’t remember every single face, hell, he probably didn’t even serve with the most of them.
The smell of popcorn wafted up Tony’s nose. The faint chatter of the news caster that he was sure that he had once dated prompted him to groan, he sincerely hoped that she wasn’t there in that house again, that was the last thing he needed to deal. Was he hulliciating? He could’ve sworn that he was getting food a moment ago in a hurry until he was thrown into a dream world that reminded him strangely of Dream Vision, but then he was overthinking things; he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t until—
“Damn, Steve, killing me like that.” The man in the red and gold armour chuckled, folding back his golden faceplate to reveal dark sapphire blue eyes and a well-trimmed goatee.
“I modified MODOK, bestowing upon him the capability to freeze. You think that I’m not capable of my own progress? Think again, Richards. You and Stark don’t deserve this power, and now I’ll be the one in charge. You shall all bow before me, Doom!”
His eyes began to focus, slowly, on the figure on the floor in front of him, kneeling down as he could feel Steve’s glove touch his face, pushing back the black strands of floppy hair that were matted down to his damp skin.
“Do your job!” Norman barked again whilst he continued to monitor the screens, now paranoid of any uprising since the return and fall of Tony Stark.
The jet was beginning to spit fire instead of producing a constant stream, and it was throwing him off balance, having to integrate this sort of system onto tech that was terrible to start with was like trying to make a diamond out of dirt. It just wasn’t going to happen. He wobbled in the air, moving to and fro, holding his arms out and using his palm repulsors to try and get some sort of balance. It was jittery, but with that quick fix he’d managed to stabilise his flight, reaching again for the wing that seemed so far away again. He pushed himself and narrowed his eyes, focusing again as he launched himself toward the plane.
As soon as he felt the movement, Tony shed his armour plate, reaching for the fastens and tugging them off, revealing his golden undersuit. He practically threw it off to clutch himself to Steve’s chest, his jaw still tightly clenched as his palm pressed against the cold plate, watching the cogs move like the insides of a clock. He could feel Steve, but the question was could the man feel him? Well the augmentations, regardless of who they were made by, were sophisticated and he could feel pain in his legs and arm when they were hit.
Tony’s eyes took a moment to adjust to the light, his pupils slowly constricting. The Captain staggered first through the gap and out into the hallway, dragging his feet with every step against the grain of the carpet. Meekly, Tony followed. He crawled out, as he found hard to walk with the heavy armour still locked on his legs after their escape from quarantine. Each step was harder to make than the last as they stepped along the exquisite red carpet that Tony had picked out himself to decorate the hallways. His hands scraped over the Victorian patterned wallpaper until his fingertips met the frame of an ornate golden mirror he had set up in the hallway for his pass-by hair checks. He remembered setting it up and mounting it…having to call Steve to help him do so. It was one of the few things that had survived the mansion’s first destruction, to his surprise, an antique mirror was salvaged from the rubble of the old mansion and placed in the new one as a reminder of what still stood from the past. He stood in front of it and stared at his new appearance – his eyes were the same tint as Steve’s were now, his bottom lip was missing. From there, trails of black and red liquid dripped off his chin and threaded through his beard, and strings of blood and ooze dripping from the rough edges of his untamed beard to the ground and down his neck. His skin was pale and grey, visible veins filled with black along segments of his face. He looked lifeless, he looked sick and decrepit. Steve noticed how the man was lagging behind and turned on his foot, making his way back to Tony’s side and grabbed his arm with his bony, cold fingers.
Tony looked up to the glass for confirmation then looked at his own oxygen supply which was running low. He sighed. “Let me go get a new tank then I’ll be right in okay, Cap? I’ll be back, just give me a while, gotta get this suit cleaned up again and… Yeah, I’ll be here.” He fumbled to his feet, making sure Steve was resting, pushing his hair out of his face for him before he stood and then walking to the door. It was heart breaking to leave Steve like this, if only for a short moment. He looked so helpless, so sick, so ill. The last time he had seen Steve looking remotely like this it was when his serum had failed and the loss of it had made him as skinny as he once was. But he hoped with all of his heart that this was the start of Steve’s recovery.
He squeezed the liquid onto his fingers and then resumed his actions, now much easier and much slicker than before, he pressed his skeletally designed fingers into the man.
T’challa stepped through large metallic doors and stood still until they slammed shut behind him. He squinted at Reed, whose body was on one side of the lab in front of some spare parts while his neck and arms were extended to the other side of the lab. T’challa shook his head in profound lack of understanding as to why he would insist on using his powers so unnecessarily.
“It was a dream...” He said partially in frustration cursing himself for believing such nonsense could be real. But he didn’t have the taste of alcohol in his mouth, and that dream felt so vividly real. Still, it was the best rest he had had since the incident. As he scrambled around the floor, trying to get up and off his knees, he suddenly saw a long white feather on the floor, reaching for it and caressing the feather, smiling ever so slightly. It could’ve been a pure coincidence that a feather had flown in, but he didn’t know what sort of bird this could’ve come from, especially since it was so large and shimmered whenever he tilted it. With a smile over his face, he got to his feet and looked into the cupboard he had broken open to see a piece of paper, his eyes narrowing as he reached into it and unfolded it.
His own memories were blurring, they were bending, they were leaking and bleeding into one another like the water touched ink on paper.
“You’re not wrong. At first I was on the fence about taking you under my wing, Tony.” Steve admitted. “But each time you’ve proven me wrong, and I appreciate that. You’ve shown me how capable you are and how much this job means to you. We’ve shared experiences and to me that’s the best part of it all, sharing this with you.”
Howard loomed over him, “You stupid boy! I ask for one thing, and that’s silence, but no, you can’t do that can you? You can’t do one simple thing! Who do you think you are Anthony? Talking to yourself like that, are you crazy, do you want me to send you to a nut house?!” He inched closer, his breath reeking of whiskey.
“You’re forgiven…” Steve mouthed in return, though he wasn’t entirely sure how much he meant it. But with the pain running through his body and the inability to think clearly beyond it, he appreciated the temporary silence in his mind whenever Tony would stare at him in that way, staring at him with a genuine care and consideration and that alone provided him with warmth beyond anything else in that room.
Fred Myers, also known as Boomerang was actually an American raised Australian putting on a horrid accent to promote his heritage.
. And yet he couldn’t prevent this from happening – sure they’d managed to stop the world from being devoured by an intergalactic planet-eating giant, but they couldn’t stop a simple bomb. It was
“Fine, I’m not blaming you. But you promised you would get me out of here, Tony, I have things to do…”
He couldn’t believe that he was now reliant on Hammer’s tech to function; there was something about it that left a sour taste in his mouth. But he had no time to dwell on the fact that he was using shoddy technology as much as he had re-wired it to his specifications.
“What?” Hammer’s eyes shot wide open and he scrambled to his feet, trying to shed himself of the broken, heavy suit parts.
Kneeling down, he slipped the boot covers over Steve’s legs, even though he heard his back crack when he did so. Grimacing in pain he shook it off. Slowly continuing placing the boot over the metallic foot and looking up at Steve. It seemed so much like a fairy tale.
into the office. Wide eyed, he took in the sight of what would usually be considered a rather dapper looking man in a designer black suit, if not for his oversized charcoal grey trench-coat and fedora that looked as though it’d come straight out a gangster movie, with mismatched red gloves and red boots that seemed to fold away and turn into a pair of normal shoes and normal hands, right in front of Steve’s eyes. Quite frankly he couldn’t believe what he was seeing; this guy had just flown in and transformed his feet and hands.
She could withstand many things, but going through an optical operation whilst awake was a feat all in its own. She yelled the moment the wire was reconnected with a spark, and even with shaking hands Tony had managed to place the faceplate back, slotting the acrylic into its place and standing back to watch her reaction. The eye came online again; the black socket filled with the colour it once had and she stood, though hunched with pain, with her hand placed over the corners of the faceplate since it wasn’t particularly attached well. There was only so long that the placement would hold. His suspicions were confirmed, and now he’d not only removed the GPS tracking, but the camera wire. He held it in his clenched fist and took a deep breath.
“You’re talking about that eccentric billionaire from years ago? The one who was the heir to the throne of Latveria?” Danny asked.
Gently he tried to stun her, but her writhing in his large arms made things far more difficult than they should’ve been.
Instead of parting ways, Tony just held Steve’s hand tighter and stared at him lovingly, with the utmost affection.
The rain continued to pelt down, the sinless drops of angels tears coating the damaged surroundings.
The last few words rang through Tony’s mind and caused him to bite his lower lip. Obviously he tried not to read to into it, but Steve wasn’t extremely open with his feelings and emotions, so this was a huge step for him.
He brushed his hand over his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, his breath stifling as he slowly pushed himself up, only to be helped up by the gauntlet covered hand that was closer to his shoulder. Tony looked up at Steve, who held him with a look of concern and worry. That shoulder clasp was what he truly needed; it was their way of reassuring each other with no words needing to be exchanged. Their eyes crossed, even in the dark room and Tony rose to his feet, moving to sit on the side of the bed, looking down at the skeleton frame of a leg that Steve had without the boot cover on it, reminding him of his own augmentation. It occurred to him then that he would never feel what it was like to tangle their legs together, to feel the skim of his toes against his own.
Tony pulled back from the kiss and stared up at Steve, letting the dim moonlight from outside light his room, allowing him to admire the silhouette of Steve, sharp features outlined by that thin blue shine. He was stunning.
The words of reassurance, though sugar coated, were what Peter needed at that moment. “I hope so too.” He said, slinging the dirt to the pile that they were making, knowing that this was going to take a long time.
“S-steve…” Tony muttered through clenched teeth. Steve could see it on his face, the way that he tried to fight, the miniscule trembles in his face whenever he moved. It was just a case of freeing Tony again just like he had done before. Steve had faith in him.
Tony stared at the door and smiled at the sturdy voice that resounded from behind it. “You shouldn’t call me that any more, Captain. I resigned. Too much paperwork, not enough field work. Besides, after the whole incident with the armour it’s shown me where my real duties are, and that’s here with the people.”
Tony had never felt so much yearning in his entire life. Living a ‘privileged’ life meant he could have most things, but someone to love had always been something he was inches from obtaining before it was so cruelly stolen from him. But as he felt the gentle touches to his hair his eyes fluttered open, to finally notice that Steve was awake, to feel his breath, to feel the warmth of his fingertips as his thumb brushed against his jaw. Steve was cupping Tony’s face; one hand there the other with its grip tightening in Tony’s spectacularly soft black curls.
Jessica peeked out of her bedroom. “Same here.” She frowned.  “I thought everything was sent to the cleaners today.”
“I’ll let him rewire mine.” The dark haired woman said after a moment of contemplation. The second she spoke Carol grabbed her arm and looked her sternly in the eyes. The possessive grab made Jessica cringe, but it wasn’t as though she wasn’t used to it. She pulled away and stepped toward the man, holding her head up high. “Try me.”
A quick dive to the left to avoid the hit, then a crack on the jaw when Tony’s metal hand made contact, sending the first of the men cascading to the floor.
Integration was a steady process that took a few weeks and a lot of unspoken grieving and visits to various memorial sites, all with Tony’s accompaniment. Steve was keen to explore and learn, as much as Tony was eager to show off and brag about the world that Steve had stepped into. A few mishaps occurred, such as Tony trying to show off the microwave and of course, Steve’s presence adding that extra pressure which made him slip and leave the fork in his dinner which caused a small explosion in the kitchen that was handled well one of Tony’s many fire extinguisher bots. Another setback to the grand re-opening of the Avengers mansion particularly considering the giant crater left in the kitchen.
“I… It was…” Always flustered after doing anything remotely expressive, Steve took in a deep breath as he tried to calm himself down.  “… A kiss?”
“Malfunctions.” Tony replied. “This is after well… I have a serum, like you, in me. I should’ve told you sooner, but it’s supposed to heal me too, like you.”
“This…?” Tony gestures to the chaos that is the main room, not even bothering to think of the insanity that must’ve been ensuing within the kitchen. He dare not set foot in it, considering how much hair product he’d used that morning – he was by far, a fire hazard.
Fury of course, wasn’t one for demands, especially from Tony; nonetheless, given the situation, he gathered the tools and gave them all to Tony.
“Where is Reed Richards?!” Steve asked abruptly, unimpressed by the claim to be a god despite the crackle between Doom’s fingers.
As she grew, so did her weight. Tony’s arms began to sag before he got a firm grip of her, tucking her closer to his chest so that JARVIS could do some scans, make sure it was nothing vital. Tony knew for well how painful electric shocks could be, so empathy tinged his touch as he held her carefully against his chest.
There was no call back. But Reed had the tendency of getting so engrossed in his work that he tuned out the voices around him. JARVIS went ahead and ran around the lab while Tony collected his bots, putting them all in an upright position so that when they turned on they wouldn’t struggle to function. They would all need to be mended with the same care and love that he’d put into all of his projects, that was for sure.
“Your fingers hurt, Parker, that grip of yours is going to destroy my complexion when you rip off my pores.”
“You boys have always been connected; it doesn’t take any machinery to enhance that,” she said, swinging her feet in contentment.
Steve’s eyebrows raised with intrigue as Tony reached into the briefcase he’d carried that was now his suit, having picked it up on his way out, and slotting out a piece and tapping on it until it lit up with a cyan shimmer, creating a flatbed tablet with holograms.
Steve jumped off a rooftop, grabbing onto a suspended flag pole and swinging his body around it a few times before using the momentum to throw himself onto the steel bridge that was just past the tall rusted iron black gates surrounding the factory. Steve almost slipped when his foot finally hit the bridge after the leap of faith, the metal covered in slick raindrops made him skid, forcing his body to tilt back and grab the handle of the bridge – which again, was slippery. It took a couple more movements before he managed to stop slipping around, being far more tentative with each proceeding step. He was grateful that Tony insisted that his boots have something much more effective than snow grips, even in this weather, and Jan, of course, added a very fashionable twist to Steve’s traditional red boots, giving them a retro-feel flare.
The arrow exploded and that was Natasha’s cue to leap out, shooting at the bots that were closer to the left-hand side where the others were. She shot with extreme precision and skill, aiming straight for the back of the neck of the bots. She was smart and poised enough to go for exact shots, not wasting her already limited ammo, taking them down with a single shot, and making it look effortless.
“Yes, I helped. Though I wasn’t the entirety of the brains behind it, but I helped. You know…technically, that means I’m the one who made you as great as you are.” Tony chuffed with pride, patting the glowing centre of his suit. “So, how would you like to work for me, Tony Stark, considering that you owe me?”
“As we’ll ever be,” Jan replied, hovering next to Natasha and pointing her wrist mounted stingers at the door.
Peter was the next to go, with Carol holding up the lid to the manhole. He positioned himself and scrunched up his face, holding his nose.
It was clear by the frantic typing and the way that the white-coats gathered around the screen that something was clearly the matter. Their conference was quite abruptly interrupted by an ever so curious Nick Fury Jr.
After his walk through the streets of ghosts, parading himself in front of them to give their looks he returned to his desolate home that was littered with papers and machine parts. He walked inside, thinking to himself that there was always one ghost that never showed his face and that was the very one that he wanted to confront.
There was no reply, instead his leg moved, his ankle making a small circle that shifted the loose debris under him.
“Not kill, just subdue you, by knocking you clean out!” It was time for a change of plan. “Go go Uni-beam!” He held his arms out, that light in the centre of his chest glowing brightly, but instead of anything happening a toothbrush extended from under the collar of his jacket and went for his teeth. “No no! I said Uni-beam! Not teeth-clean!” Tony yelped and flailed at his jacket, getting the toothbrush to retract away, back into hiding. If there was one time he didn’t want his mechanics to falter, it was right now.
“Who says this has to be the last?” Steve asked, finding it easy to get lost in Tony’s eyes, catching them dazzle through the eyeslits of the old mask.
“Tony… We’ll take care of him. We’ll bring about justice. Don’t let your anger cloud your judgement, we’ll get everyone back and we’ll take care of him.” Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder trying to inspire him again, but was distracted by movement that came from the door that they’d used to get into the place. “I think we have company.”
Doom collapsed in a smoking heap of metal. Tony meanwhile, as exhausted as he was from using all of his energy on that last attack, ran up to Steve as quickly as he could, scooping him up gently in his arms, his hands slowly using their cloaking tool and forming back into regular looking hands. His fingers gently traced Steve’s beautifully strong jaw as tears welled up.
“Cap…” He said through the microphone, swallowing down the huge lump in his throat. “I’m sorry for breaking the promise I made to you, I promised I wouldn’t… I promised...” He could feel himself choking up, he could feel the lump getting bigger in his throat, the burning sensation in his eyes whenever he so attempted to blink away the tears that were gradually accumulating in his eyes. “I’m sorry Steve, I really am.” He spluttered. His hand fell away from the microphone and fell down to his side. He felt his neck roll and his head hung, his messy black hair fell forward, strands of grey along his temples coming more into sight.
Steve bit down on the inside of his lip, eyes calmly gazing over the stunning shimmering beauty that was Superior Iron Man. He admired every small bend, every detail, every glowing light that appeared to change colour intensity depending on the mood of the wearer, so he hypothesised, internally noting to put that to the test. “So, are we going to take care of business?”
“Steve…!” He gritted his teeth. “I love you..!” He mouthed silently, over and over, in hopes of reaching his heart, his eyes brimming with tears. As a single tear trailed down his cheek Steve’s eyes returned back to their normal colour.
Tony pressed a small button that was just by the corner of his wrist and his thumb flipped back to reveal a potato peeler, shooting Steve a coy grin. The cop couldn’t help but draw his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose with frustration, yet still smiling at how stupid the whole situation was, his hand going for Tony’s back and giving him a small shove as if to encourage him to get on with the job rather than goof around.
“I do, Steve.” He placed a hand on the Captain’s for a moment. “I promise you, I’ll take care of it.”
“Tony, focus!” Steve yelled. With MODOK’s eyes on him he drew out his gun, aiming carefully at one of the tiny arms that was placed close to a control panel on the chair, though since the hovering prune saw it, the second that Steve shot it seemed to deflect off an invisible barrier of some sort.
Tony shuddered at the fact that his own satellites had probably been taken down too. If they found SHIELD’s, then they sure as hell found his largely branded ones.
It was Carol’s turn – she soared out, her hands lighting up as she ploughed through the rest of the oncoming bots, and then took to the sky, zooming straight up toward the lightening rod that was positioned at the top of the building.
when we had reached the mansion, but it had turned out that the materials he wanted were in the basement, and collapsed along with the mansion under the flames of an explosion set there. Hammer’s planted bombs along the city, by the looks of this building, it’s been hit too.”
The walk to the park wasn’t too far with the long, quick strides they were taking, although they were distracted by a sudden thud from one of the taller office complexes that they were walking by. Both Steve and Tony turned as quickly as they could, running toward the building. Steve was clearly becoming more confident on his new legs, managing to actually jog past Tony as they neared the huge complex.
Steve grabbed his arm before Tony could pull away yet again, but this time a huge gauntlet grabbed him and flung him back into one of the broken suits, but instead of hitting them, Cap rolled and began to skid on his knees, trying to get a footing, before rising up and noticing the huge suit, lit up once more. “Do not touch him!”
during their gym sessions and after showers. Regardless, Tony carried on as he was, shopping as though the store were still active, taking his sweet time to find Steve something perfect. It was no surprise that Tony would very often come home with bags full of gifts for Steve, so Steve was used to it – flattered, sometimes (most of the time) not needing the gifts and feeling awkward when showered with gifts, but Steve had realised over time that it was Tony’s way of showing affection, so he accepted them.
“You snapped out of it now, bud?” He asked, pivoting on his heel to look at the car that was in the small collision start up and drive away. “She’s a beut huh. I hear they’re makin’ them outa steel and iron since we got an aluminium shortage… Next ya know they’ll be makin’ cars out of cans of coke.”
“Humanity are the ones destroying the world, the minority are preserving it, with the assistance of technology. You’re outdated, Steve. ”
Steve dipped his head lower to kiss his reactor again and Tony let out a broken groan, the strange sensation being so satisfying. “Keep going…”
Fury muttered obscenities under his breath, directing his attention toward the press who stood there in anticipation, continuing to take pictures of the men that were stood there. Tony gave Fury a nudge of encouragement, that only enraged him further and he cleared his throat rather abruptly.
Steve started shimmying the handle but it didn’t open, it was then that Tony unleashed his trusty acrylic shard and used it to jimmy the lock open. He slid the piece between the door and the gap, pushing it down and then gazing at the keypad, placing his hand over it and trying to figure out the code. Luckily he’d seen a couple of numbers when he was using the computer earlier, and typed them in and bingo – the door opened right away.
The smell of foam flew up Steve’s nose and made him cough, speckles flying everywhere over the green grass. He could feel all eyes on him that very moment as he turned his attention up to the woman who he had thought was behind him. Turns out she was next to him, too close, and while he was shaking off the foam he’d claimed a new victim – the little black cat and the lady were covered in the remnants he had wiped off carelessly off his uniform and face.
“I’ll never get used to that title. Fury literally just gave it to me because… Well, because of you. And yes, I’m fine—Where are we headed?”
“Steve, listen to me,” he pleaded. “You’re Captain America, you’re Steven Grant Rogers, you’re a soldier and better yet, my best friend. There, I said it, you’re never going to hear it again so listen close. I mean Rhodey’s my best buddy too, but can’t I have two?”
Steve laughed a little. “How much longer is this going to take?” He asked, opening his eyes from time to time to stare at the surface of the machine he was enclosed in, the black screen with the red light moving up and down with a loud hum.
Peter held out his hands and gestured frantically, pulling at his hair, “Are you kidding!? I could’ve died!”
“By the way, that pest control thing, it made no sense at all.” Tony remarked, firing his repulsor with quick speed at the missiles that came his way.
Steve had managed to let go, but before the boy could let go the plane burst into flames, exploding with a loud bang – bright embers flying in every direction.
Steve carefully opened the door using the silver doorknob and stepped inside, closing the door behind him and standing strict and straight, just like he had done in the academy, holding his hand up to his brow to salute his new chief.
Truth be told Steve didn’t think it was the right time to brag, but he nodded nonetheless as Tony began to look past the door to see what they were really dealing with. It was hard to stay serious when Tony had that all knowing smirk that made Steve nervous and confident at the same time, it was a strange feeling indeed.
Tony crawled to the new carcass that Steve was working on, dragging his armoured legs along with him and joining him.
The director found himself leaning into Steve’s arms, resting. Focusing on his presence alone, letting everything else fade away, all of his worries dissolving in Steve’s strong arms. Over the course of the time they had spent together they had not only become best friends, but more than that.
Tony had dabbled in prosthetics during Stark Industries’ work in tandem with various medical suppliers. Since leaving the arms manufacturing business he began making arms – literally. Prosthetics for amputees or war veterans, anyone who needed them would get the best that Stark Industries had to offer.  He knelt down (with a lot of pain), and scooped up a fallen bot into his arm, using his foot to hold it down while he yanked off its arm to reveal the wiring that was coated under the hood of its shoulder. It was painful to do that to someone else’s creation, even one of Hammer’s creations.
Tony swung his body around and stared wide eyed at his fallen angel, crouching and watching the black blood stain Steve’s wonderfully golden hair. Those wide lifeless eyes staring back at him, glassy and empty.
He pulled him close and smoothed his metal fingers through Steve’s hair in an attempt to calm him down. He knew Steve loved having his hair touched  and combed through, that’s what he had always noticed whenever he was with someone, including the times that they had spent together on the couch. Steve would sometimes playfully curl one of Tony’s locks around his finger casually, just to tease him about the perm that he once had, but Tony secretly enjoyed it. And from then on he would notice Steve would always play with Sharon’s hair or even Bernie’s a very long time ago. Perhaps him doing the same would trigger a memory that would soothe him. But he did regret that he couldn’t touch him with his own fingers, he couldn’t embrace his soft locks and let them skim across his fingertips until Steve was out of here. It only added to his conviction to find a cure.
The suit wrapped its heavy gauntlets around Tony’s neck and picked him up off the floor. “Tony. You and I are one. Do not lie to me. Do not.”
Unsurprisingly, there was another flinch the closer he loomed to the wound. “I’m going to take that chip out completely. I’ve done it to Peter and I’ve done something similar to Carol and Jessica, so I know what I’m doing.” He knew Steve didn’t need reassurance, but he provided it anyway.
The pain was too much to cope with. Even still under the control of the Purple Man, Tony could feel every single movement he could feel the blood being drained from him, the burning of his skin. The smell of burning flesh would haunt him for the rest of his life, he was sure of that.
Steve could never sleep. He had one or two hours because his body needed it, but he couldn’t sleep for lengthy periods of time which resulted in him spending time in the unfinished gym slamming his fists into the punching bag, full of regret and remorse for his fallen brothers in arms, or up in the living room flicking the TV channels trying to learn new things and get himself up to date with current events. He was a heavy reader, and Tony would always leave a book by his door every Monday morning without fail. They would be iconic books of their time, just so that Steve could get a nonbiased view and opinion of the modern day and age and struggles that people had faced. The director would usually send his secretaries to get things when it came to performing errands, and he most certainly preferred reading from a computer screen, but after Steve had helped him out through their missions countless times he decided to actually walk into a small bookshop himself, looking for the best sellers and taking them to the counter. The look of amazement that he usually received from the cashier during his first visits always made him chuckle, but in return he would flash her a charming smile, being polite as he always was. Tony Stark was a true gentleman, despite what the papers insisted on saying about him. Once he had the books he would return to the mansion, place them by Steve’s door with the usual card ‘
“Dum-E…” Tony brushed his hand over the smallest bot and carried it up, placing it on the table delicately. “Dammit… How did this happen? Reed!?” he called out. “Reed, what happened? Are you okay?!”
Tony followed behind Steve, slipping his hat on and dusting off his jacket.  “Well it seems we’re going to save some kittens today, I’ve got no problem with that.”
Steve shut his eyes, seeing thoughts and images pass through his mind, seeing cave wall surroundings and hearing screams of pain, blood, running, panting. So many more images, a dark haired woman who he’d known of just by her name – Rumiko, the way she broke Tony’s heart. The other countless lovers flashing by in a dizzy haze.
“See, not everything can be explained by science.” Steve said, continuing to stroke Tony’s jawline with the tip of his wings. “Hold your hand up, try and touch them.”
Peter’s head rang and there was a moment of distorted imagery, he tilted his head upward to hear the blades of a vastly approaching search helicopter nearing their usually unspotted corner, ripping through the air.
“Steve!” Tony groaned in pleasant surprise at how daring and risk taking the Captain was, enjoying every single moment. The wet touch followed by the sucking, then Steve’s hand slipping down the slim V of his hips until he could feel the cold press of the gel by his opening, making his hips flinch. Steve continued his concentrated luxurious kisses along Tony’s skin that tasted of a mix of heavy musk and watermelon.
That didn’t stop it from making Tony’s heart ache every time the memory propped into his mind. With that aside, Peter Parker would always be the kid that had the tiniest hero worship for Tony—okay, so tiny was an understatement. The boy adored him, and Tony took it upon himself to be the father figure, especially since he was a figurehead in the Avengers. He knew full well Peter thought of him and Steve as ‘mom and dad,’ which he did try to encourage, despite his denials.
Suddenly, a large suit of armour stood up just behind them and reached for Tony’s head, but Steve couldn’t and wouldn’t let that happen. With all of his might, he swung his shield, knocking the arm back and then throwing himself at the huge bot. It was clear that Hammer had tried to mimic the Hulkbuster with the huge, clunky design.
Steve’s other hand slipped around the man’s thin waist, pulling him closer as he lightly gripped on the lower, toned back muscle. Tony found his head tilting back, and Steve sat up, kissing Tony’s Adams apple and nuzzling it with the tip of his nose.
“He’s not. He’s alive, the serum must’ve helped him and must be fighting whatever it is that Zola’s injected him with.”
Christmas had approached quickly, looming upon a particular group of superheroes that day. It all began when the dark haired genius more commonly known as Tony Stark was waking up that morning. He groans and yawns wide enough that a plane could’ve flown through his mouth. Okay, maybe a plane was an exaggeration, but it was a pretty big yawn.
“There is?” Tony asked with curiosity, even though he knew that there was, something was changing him; that virus.
With a shake of his head he detached himself from Steve’s arm, but the man seemed relentless in the pursuit of Peter. His boots gained more momentum and kept him upright with a small hitch before he began to soar through the sky in his dynamic, straight posture toward Steve. He did manage to catch a glimpse of the round shield on his back, clipping his fingers around it and yanking it off Steve’s back and holding it up.
Without a second thought, he walked out of the office, long strides past each individual office filled with studious workers, most of them with their heads in the game. The moment they caught Tony striding by they quickly turned their heads from perhaps staring into space to going back to work.
He wasn’t going to listen, Tony knew this fight was between him and Victor, so he took it upon himself to thrust forward, only to be struck down by a blast of energy.
Tackling them one by one was relatively easy, shooting them down and watching them crumble into heaps of scrap metal. Tony actually considered this fun; it was like a training simulator. Hammer’s bots were always poorly made, so it didn’t take much to take them down.
Ever since the Earth was starting to become even more corrupt, since mass hate and hysteria filled the airwaves, the amount of angels sent to the Earth had significantly decreased. Only once in a blue moon, would the higher-ups send down an angel to serve its duty and protect. In turn, angels that walked the Earth were scarce.
Tony heard the metal clank, an indication of the sharp movements that Steve was making. He pressed himself forward, reaching his arms up and then touching the area at the back of Steve’s neck to see what he had to deal with.
“Yeah… That’s my old man.” Tony drawled and nodded, his hand rubbing at the tip of his goatee, though hating that he would forever be in his father’s shadow, even in the eyes of his hero. “He spent a long time looking for you.”
There she was, wearing her Captain Marvel outfit; red, blue with that bright star. It was torn and grubby to the point that the yellow looked more like a dark blood stained orange. Even her hair had lost that sheen it once had.  But that wasn’t all that had changed about her. The moment she turned toward the mention of her name Tony spotted that half of her face was covered in a metal plate.
Bucky had to yank his hand out of the control panel, reaching for Steve’s hand but the soldier was falling further and further out of reach. “Steve!” He yelled.
He shot up, sitting up on the large leather couch that was located in the centre of the Avengers living room with a huge blanket placed over him. His fingertips skimmed along the felt and he realised that was Steve’s blanket, the one that he would wrap around himself whenever he was sitting downstairs alone usually on their days off watching some sort of horror movie. Tony absolutely despised horror movies but he would pluck up the courage to sit beside Steve and join him, mainly for his company of course, considering most of the time he would have his face buried into Steve’s shoulder trying to hide from whatever creature it was on the screen. He had witnessed enough traumatic and petrifying events in his life; he didn’t need to see it on TV in his home-life.
Tony growled, trying to inch his hand over a bit more, attempting to get the dark green carpet in his hands to heave himself up.
Soon enough Hank McCoy had arrived, looking as dapper as he usually did in his lab coat, ready to get to work straight away. Tony was appeased when Hank began running samples, sending in bots to retrieve samples from Steve who at this point had no choice but to co-operate, though Tony begged Hank to keep the poking and prodding to a minimum. He had just managed to pacify Steve, he didn’t want to get his emotions up again.
Shock, disbelief and that sick feeling pooled in Steve’s stomach after every word he was told. With every word Tony spoke he had to provide evidence, because if the Captain was anything like him, facts and proof were extremely important for validation.
“Remember who you are… Bucky…” he whispered out loud, his eyes becoming slightly teary as he shuddered in pain.
Clint snorted loudly, stepping out with his hand gesturing for Bruce to follow him out so that they could leave together. T’Challa merely shrugged at Tony before stepping out himself only after muttering, “I’ll help evacuate the city too.” To which everyone agreed was a good idea whilst going their separate ways.
“Let’s get going.” Steve gestured as he began walking with Tony. “The more time we waste here, the more likely Killgrave is to get the upper-hand, especially if he’s got Hammer helping him.”
He hated that he was now reliant on Hammer’s tech to work, he despised the fact that the man that had put him there was now technically his saviour, and battling against his own hubris to save Steve was a struggle all in its own. The conflict of interest was indeed using the enemies’ parts to protect someone he has loved for so long. Even though the initial struggle was over, and he had created something functional, he knew that every time he looked at what had now composed their body he would be reminded of the man he hated with every bone in his body. He swore to himself that once he had gotten to his lab he would rebuild them something else, with his own hands, with his
The white screen fuzzed a little, the noise of static as though it were coming from an extremely outdated television. Fury lurched over the large semi-circle of a control panel, the workers still walking back and forth like busy drones, checking the man that lay still on the steel table and monitoring the computers around him whilst their director’s attention was fully focused on the screen the other side of the room.
Rhodey’s attention turned to Tony, reaching out his arm, only for Pepper to place her hand gently over it.
Steve lurched closer and mouthed something, tilting his head more, as though he were leaning in for a kiss. At first Tony was shocked, pleasantly surprised, but again overwhelmed. He desperately complied, pressing his lips once more to the cold ones before him, closing his eyes and holding himself to Steve.
Even though they had let go, Steve kept his arm around Tony’s waist. “God… This is beautiful…” The view was breath-taking. After going to every gallery that day, observing and taking in every piece, not one of them could match up to how beautiful that moment was. He could see the entire city, all lit up, New York in all of its beauty was something unparalleled by anything he’d ever seen before. But of course, nothing made the moment more beautiful than being by Tony’s side.
“Now that’s better thinking.” Tony climbed on top of Steve’s shoulders and pushed the ventilation hatch off the elevator ceiling, pulling his body up and reaching down for Steve. “Take my hand!”
“We get that you’re hungry, but we need to take these guys down, come on!” Anya pushed Clint closer to the junction, then stood in front of him, tugging on his shirt to lead him away from the two walking dead in the hallway, unbeknownst to her.
Tony wretched, trying to move but once more his body wasn’t obeying his thoughts; he was becoming a puppet on strings held by the Purple Man. He wanted to move with all of his might; muscles tensing as he attempted to break through the dark mist that was falling over his eyes. The darkness became thicker and thicker, and at that moment he could feel two of the drones clasp metal cuffs around his arms and drag him back onto one of the factory conveyer belts.
The director pushed up his faceplate, being sure to let himself relax in Steve’s grip, letting a sigh of relief escape his lips.
Steve stared, wide eyed, still flustered from the kiss but his eyes showing that he yearned for more. “What?” He asked in a breath.
With the last ounce of energy the shield had, Steve used it to thud into Doom, but Doom raised his own gauntlet, his metal forearm pushing against the shield as it flickered once, maybe twice. He threw the entirety of his weight into pushing against Doom, the fizzling fingertips nearing him, dangerously close with each inch as he glared into Doom’s eyes, his own filled with the intent of taking him down and freeing Reed.
Peter crept a little closer and reached out to touch her shoulder, his shoulders slumped, very slowly lowering his head to follow and hide his rage. “I listened to you Tony… I stayed down there…”
He could still, a long while after, feel the heavy weight resting on his shoulders. He could’ve sworn that there was an increasing amount of knots forming along the back of his neck at that time. Prickles and chills coursed along his skin as he forced himself to stare into the window.
“HOLY SHI-!” he cut himself off, rubbing the side of his face that he’d hit on the bedframe on the way down.
The mere press of lips wasn’t enough to satisfy either of them, Steve felt his jaw loosen as he became more accustomed to the wonderful taste of strawberry champagne that Tony had been drinking earlier that night, his tongue searching for more. There was a muffled gasp from the dark haired man and he felt his cheeks already stain with that distinct redness.
There was no way in hell Steve could move his legs, not with that damage. Tony could see nerves, he could see where they had been severed and were just hanging on by tendrils of muscle – the bar landing on top of them forced the bone out and destroyed them. He was no biologist but if even he could see that just by initial observation he knew something was most certainly wrong.
Tony inhaled through his teeth. “The scanner didn’t pick anything up the first time and I thought there was nothing wrong with you, I honestly thought it was my machine that made an error. But we’ve done tests on others and we realised it was working but it just wasn’t on you. It was then we found out about the virus…”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I wasn’t going to let him go scot-free for what he did to you.” He replied coolly. In fact, he was on the brink of destroying Zola completely had Steve not woken up in time, which truly showed he needed Steve, he needed someone to balance him. It hadn’t had time to settle in that Steve’s vitals had flat-lined, but it must’ve been a glitch in his system if Steve was alive at that very moment. Tony strode toward Zola and turned him around, routing through his systems until he found the CPU chip and yanked it out forcefully, if it was damaged he could just say it was an accident. Once he’d placed the chip in a hatch in his suit, he knew that Zola’s body would be completely unable to move so he made a note in his own systems to ensure that the body was collected and put under high security lock down. Something in the back of his mind told him that Zola had his mind backed up in numerous places, after all, with the rise of the internet his mind was capable of going anywhere it wanted and storing in a number of different devices, which was a shame especially since Tony just wanted him
Steve dropped the shield mid-pose, his jaw falling slack. That very second he could see memories in his mind going in reverse; starting with the most recent.
There it was, the bright yellow spotlight that lit the smallest of rocks, doing a slow and steady survey of the area. There was that eerie silence that followed the light passing by, so quiet that Tony could hear his own heartbeat. The moment that he could see the light down the street, he grabbed Peter’s arm and yanked him down with unintentional force, taking him to a rubble heap to crouch by. The younger boy was caught by surprise and let out a muffled yelp, but followed his lead.
After taking a deep breath to calm himself down Tony looked around, “I can’t see anything.” He internally chastised himself for the peripheral vision his helmet had given him, considering all of the dents it had in it.
Steve threw his shield and bolted forward, hearing a sound from behind him as he peered over his shoulder to see a red and gold suit land. “Tony?”
Steve pumped his hand faster, rising to the challenge, giving him an open mouthed grin, but trying to maintain his focus on pleasuring the ex-billionaire.
Just the mere mention of his name on Tony’s lips, so weak and faint made him tremble with sorrow. But he was so brave and strong at the same time, trying so hard to speak.
“I am Oscorp technology.” He replied in the cold voice that Tony was greeted with when they had first met in this new world.
Tony held him close, fingers trailing down the nape of his neck, down his shoulders and along his shoulder blades.
“We need to go before we gather a crowd; last thing I want is this making the headlines. I don’t need negative press in this day and age.”
And with those words they turned to one another, tilting their heads, closing their eyes and pressing their lips together, sealing their words with a kiss so tender and so pure.
He began to continue walking through the streets, trying to stay close to the walls and alleys, at least then he wouldn’t attract any attention; not that he’d be noticed if he wasn’t flying around shooting lasers, especially by these sorts of people.
. There was no way he was going to let his partner get hurt, not after what had happened with his old partner back home. Besides, there was something just so innocent about Tony; a pureness and determination that inspired Steve to do a better job too, he couldn’t let him get hurt. So, when he managed to catch up he greeted Batroc with a mighty smack in the face for hurting his companion.
“Come here and I’ll show you what to do,” he said, gesturing for Masters to step up to him. Taskmaster was an expert copycat, so at least he could make Tony’s job a little less straining and give him more time to return to somewhere safe to treat Steve properly and repair his armour.
Steve got to his feet with a wobble, holding onto Tony for support then helping him stand properly, seeing the slight slump in his posture.
“O-oh…” Janet said, putting her hand over her mouth for a second and gasping, the others stepping behind her. There was a mixed reaction of sighs, giggles and then there was Johnny taking a picture on his phone and sending it to Peter with the caption: “Told you they were married.”
“I’m so… hungry…”  The very same whisper had been echoing through that confinement chamber since the attack. It haunted Tony’s sleeping state now...
The young cop panted to catch his breath, struggling to speak for a moment. “Mmm-ma’am…” he managed to say between huge puffs. “What seems to be the problem?”
Tony took that silence that followed as a sign of no protest. He kissed the rose coloured lips in front of him, locking their lips together and tilting his head, his arms wrapped around the super soldiers broad shoulders, giving them reassuring rubs from time to time. He shifted in Steve’s lap, intensifying the kiss by tilting his head once more, breathing in deeply, and then exhaling through his nose with a loud huff; breaking it to only lay a strip of wetness with the tip of his tongue, gently easing back into the movement.
Tony ogled it with wonderment, which he wouldn’t usually do, but there was just something about the way that Steve was telling each and every story that managed to make him hang off every single word.
It was a usual night and Tony had decided to talk about his latest read with his companion when he heard a loud clatter from the lab, which was somewhat usual, however it was the yelp of agony that followed that caught Steve’s attention. He found himself running into the lab, wishing that the newly fitted retinal scanner would speed up, and then he saw it, Tony was slumped in a corner of the room with his tools scattered around him. Steve couldn’t run up to him quick enough, kneeling down.
“I thought it’d be sweet, here’s me trying to be nice.” Tony pouted at the Captain again, jutting out his lower lip until Steve was seated, extending his robotic legs. Tony knelt down, slipping on Steve’s new shoes carefully, being sure not to lodge any of the circuitry. Again, in his mind, it felt as though he were prince charming and Steve was Cinderella. Tony took his time to let his mind sink into the fantasy, eventually glancing up at Steve, who seemingly had a faint (extremely faint) blush over his cheeks, staring down at Tony with the same emotion.
He came to the steel clad doors and shouted the password, “Captain America!” To which the doors slid open. As expected the lab had been totalled. The explosion had obviously come from just underneath it, leaving it in ruins asides from a few remaining machines.
“Of course I will, Steve Rogers..!” Tony exclaims, unable to hold back his excitement any longer. He holds out his arms and throws himself at the Super Solider as he gets to his feet. Steve almost loses grip of the box he holds, Tony was really that eager and excited. Just the reaction he was hoping for.
For Tony, it felt as though he was stepping in the shoes of being Director of SHIELD again. He even stood with both arms behind his back as he had to whenever he’d given orders. That had been a stressful job (to say the least) and there was a reason that he couldn’t handle it very long. Combined with the bad memories and his disagreements with other members of the faculty, the stress and weight that rested on his shoulders was far too much for Tony Stark to handle.
Just under the rim of Tony’s cap a small flap opened up, and sliding down were a pair of black sunglasses that fitted firmly and comfortably on the bridge of Tony’s nose. He stared forward, what Steve couldn’t see was that the pair of ordinary looking sunglasses actually had a radar system, on it were a few green blips and of course the robber was the one that was going far quicker than the others, trying to get away before any other police cars neared.
him,” allowing the word to trickle off his tongue was enough to make him shudder, “We’ll continue our research at the same pace we’ve been doing. That should buy us more time, right?”
“Tony…” Steve’s eyes filled with sorrow, a weakness in his voice, remembering the moment that he had visited Tony after his memory was lost.
Tony punched as hard as he could, shoving Steve back and then swinging his leg stub around, using the rough metal peg to scrape at the armour. Little by little Steve was being shoved back, closer and closer to toward the computers which Norman stood watching.
Tony’s widened eyes focused on the man before him, getting closer and closer until he stopped inches from him. “Steve..?” He asked, with a meek tone tinged with hope. Though he should have known from his countless experiences that sometimes hope was the hardest and most devastating feeling to succumb to…
To Steve the flesh had never tasted so good, it was beautifully scented, so well maintained, soft and luxurious like velvet on his tongue. Flavours and sensations danced in his mouth, craving for more of the perfect taste like no other he had eaten before. Internally he screamed and pleaded himself to stop, but he wasn’t in control anymore and he knew it. He sucked at the rich and thick crimson, the meat being ripped away in shreds from Tony’s neck caught between the jagged ends of Steve’s canines.
Steve walked to the glass and pressed his hands against it, as greasy as they were after eating. “Thank you.” He said with a genuine return of gratitude. Tony wasn’t sleeping at all because of him, and hearing that he’d fainted because of it saddened him. The overwhelming feeling in his gut wasn’t helping his attempts to sympathise, though. He felt boiling in his stomach and moved to sit back down, feeling weakened with the lack of food, even though he had just eaten enough for three people.
Tony’s lips curled up. It was music to his ears to hear Steve actually accepting technology like that. It wasn’t the Steve of his world, but somewhere out there was a Steve that embraced the future, and that was what Tony
Success! It put out the flames, covering them in white foam which extinguished the flames, but they weren’t the only things to be sprayed. Steve was crouched down, covered in white foam, slowly wiping it away with the side of his fist as he peered up at Tony.
“The car is almost done sir, modifications are almost complete. We’re currently uploading the newer AI system into its mainframe.”
“No Steve, you earned it. And I like it, it rolls off the tongue. Captain Steve Rogers…  Don’t worry, it won’t be long.”
Tony leaped to Steve’s aid, grabbing him by the arm and tugging him away as fast as he could, the smokescreen making things much more difficult – moreso than they should’ve been. He had to try and find some sort of pattern, but the moves of the Goblin were frantic as he darted from side to side, unleashing his bag of tricks upon the two heroes that mainly consisted of bomb after bomb. Each bomb was getting closer and closer, Steve and Tony tugging one another out of the line of fire.
“Thank you, Tony. I should’ve said it a lot sooner, but thanks to you I’m walking, thanks to you I’m here, right now.”
“Shit...” The once billionaire scowled, rubbing his messy overgrown beard and walking around, attempting to get used to his limbs. “This sounds far too suspicious. With Oscorp taking over then murderous rampages...”
He didn’t have time to linger, but as he walked he thought about it. It was difficult to piece everything that had happened together, but he knew for sure that Oscorp was behind it. Passing down streets that had no particular benchmark to determine where he was, he just hoped he was going the right way. Everything looked so similar and it actually made him cringe, especially since it wasn’t his type of classy architecture. It was monotonous and dull and the shapes were boring, even from an amateur design perspective.
Together they stood as Tony regained his posture, keeping his head held high. He knew he’d need to if he was walking alongside his hero, his partner, his love.
Tony loved it. He could feel his heart thudding just like it did the day that they had found Steve in the ice, seeing a beautiful man with that smug attitude, seeing his once hero be what he
The swift motion and kiss of Vibranium skimming past his cheek made Tony back away the instant he felt it, managing to swerve in a not so elegant manner. He touched his hand to his face momentarily to see the crimson pour from the cut, staring up at Steve again who managed to recall his shield with a simple hand command.
He ran as fast as he could, boots slamming against the pavement and through puddles, kicking up water as he ran to where Tony said he would be based, which wasn’t too far. The rain descended in spikes of silver, obscuring Steve’s vision as he thrust the entirety of power he had into his legs.
He watched the man hovering in the air and shut his eyes, not wanting this to be the last image he saw of Steve. Steve was his guardian angel; he was his rudder, his support. His hand reached toward him, trying to obtain the unobtainable.
His entire body felt numb and he felt helpless, watching the man he loved get ripped from him, just as his old life was; torn away. Steve felt the warmth leave his body, snapping out of his horrible sense of painful nostalgia and scrambling around, still trembling. He got Rhodey on the line.
It stood proud and tall in the centre of the city where the mansion used to stand as a reminder of hope to all that needed it.
The bot let out a dark laugh and made sure that Steve was chained to the missile. “You don’t like Tony. You never did. You are like everyone else, you use him, you hurt him, and you destroy him. I will help him; I am the only help he needs.”
There was nothing stopping him this time, no anxiety, no self-doubt or excuses, he just leaned forward and gently pressed his lips over Steve’s, his eyes fluttering shut. Tear droplets danced elegantly over his long dark eyelashes, the soft warm lips tasting oddly of cherry pie. All his time Tony had assumed that they would’ve tasted like apple, since well, Steve was the all-American cop, living the American dream. But no, it was instead the sweet taste of cherry. As he threw all of his emotion into the kiss he could feel a hand move and loop itself over Tony’s neck, gently tugging at the tufts of hair by the nape of his neck.
“So you’re part of this police force right? Trying to take down superhumans? Why? Who are you working for?”
“You’re nothing but a disappointment, boy, and you always will be.” Howard yelled as he was suddenly distracted by the flickering of lights. “You’d this being one of the most high-tech houses in the world that the god damn electrics would work!” He growled in frustration, getting to his feet and storming out, slamming the door behind him.
“And you need to believe me, you know even super soldiers need to sleep, maybe not as often as normal people do but-”
And they went for exactly that. Tony was confused the entire time as to why Steve had taken him around the corner, but whenever he asked, Steve just replied “I want to treat you.”
Tears welled in his eyes, partially with rage but mainly sadness; it had been the first time in a year that Tony Stark felt close to crying. It was bittersweet, to be reminded he was still human.
His sleep was broken by a loud noise. The second he looked up, he spotted a few of Zola’s monsters attacking a golden and black metallic figure that he could barely make out given how dark the lab already was, but it was the light rose shimmer from the centre of the figures chest that confirmed that it was indeed Tony who had come to his rescue yet again.
Steve grit his teeth and kicked Hammer down with a mighty thud, but Hammer didn’t stay down for long. Rocket turrets popped up from the side panel of his forearms, and he began blasting at the two.
They seemed calm but the way that Masters was negotiating made Tony sense that something was terribly out of line.
The feeling to be awoken by his prince charming, or in this case, his charming inspector made Steve’s stomach fill with butterflies, fluttering around with each passing moment their lips made contact until he was left was a blushing mess of emotions. He had always known there was something special about Tony, since day one, and there he was being proven right. Tony had a heart.
what I wanted to do. I’d had enough of sitting behind a desk, you see, I used to read this comic book about a guy in stars and stripes and he would always stand up for what he believed in, so I took his motto and decided to fight for liberty and justice.”
“It wasn’t worth it...” He muttered to himself, placing the tip of the bottle to his lips and inhaling the bitter smell that rose into his nostrils that flared at the smell.
Tony ran to the bot, before it lunged forward and grabbed Steve by the collar, raising him off the floor with ease.
“How’re you enjoying it, Steve?” Tony asked, zipping down the street in their newly refurbished red sports car, which didn’t look anything like how it used to. Steve’s hands were on the wheel, but he wasn’t driving – the car was driving itself, zooming down each corner with intense speed and precision which truthfully scared the living daylights out of the blond. Red streaks from the taillights trailed in the dark night that they were driving in.
“Why is he getting blamed? This isn’t his fault! Just because he builds robots…” Steve frowned with disgust, hurt by such accusations on behalf of Tony.
Taskmaster was known for double crossing, and Tony had been up against him a long time ago when Sunset hired the guy, but he also knew that he was trusted enough to work alongside SHIELD, given the right amount of cash.
Again, Steve was just gawking at the silver, now bent, piece of metal and trying to find the words that could express how very confused he was, but Tony gave him one more look of desperation, clapping his hands which caused the cop to snap out of it and place his hands at 10 and 2 before slamming his foot down on the acceleration, siren blaring loudly as they took to the streets.
There was one laser at the end that Tony didn’t tackle, it was only thanks to the little robotic dog lagging behind with its squeaky wheels moving slowly to be somewhat stealthy tugging at Tony’s trouser leg with his teeth that he’d noticed.
“You know you don’t need those, you’ve got the real deal with you now. And I’m not exactly like I am in the comics.”
“See! Told you it wouldn’t take long.” Tony beamed, casually stepping through the door but holding out his gloved hand. “Wait, boys… If we want to catch a criminal we need to think like a criminal.” Instantly his mind drifted back to his favourite spy movies, humming the tune in his head. “Go go laser spray.” His second to last finger flicked back like some sort of lid while a spray spurted out.
MODOK circled around to watch Steve, crying out with dismay as he caught the sound of bullets flying off metal parts, growling and sneering “Watch that! Its sensitive equipment you buffoon!”
religion. Faith was considered naïve; there was only room for facts and figures. But Tony never had much faith, considering that has one hell of a tragic past. There was nothing to believe in but himself, and even so, he only believed in himself half of the time. That’s why he loved having Steve next to him. He had confidence already, but that was usually overcompensation for his lack of self-belief.  Steve was the one that taught him how to slowly build up his self-belief and taught him so much more. In fact, when he was a child he used to read Captain America comics to make him feel better. In a way his faith, his idol was the one providing him with the confidence to hold his head up high and walk through another day, despite all of the problems he was going through. Many people used to say that it was his reactor that kept him going, that was true from a physical perspective but from his heart, it was Steve that kept him going. He would stand by Steve’s side in return and follow him to hell if need be, because that’s how much he respected him. Not only because he admired him, but also because he felt indebted to him and even more… He loved him. But there were some things even Tony Stark was afraid to admit in fear of rejection. But even if he would follow him to the edge of the world, there are some words that pure common sense has a tendency to counter, and claiming that the Captain as well as himself were angels was something that he would certainly reject. Angels didn’t exist, fact.
“You two ready to cover us?” Tony asked, tapping his reactor and then listening to the light charging noise that was made through the interconnecting wire between the mechanical arm and his reactor.
No sign of Captain America. He’d expected Steve to have a huge statue, but there was nothing at all, and internally that made his blood boil.
“Tell me about it.” Tony replied, flexing out his arm and looking at Steve, shifting a little closer to him. “Do you… Feel that?”
Steve pushed his back up against Tony, narrowing his eyes, squinting to try and see where his prey had hidden then suddenly—
Peter didn’t know how to react in that situation. He’d become protective over the tiny group that he had left but those two were power figures within their own right. Especially Carol; he most definitely didn’t want to mess with her.  But they let Peter have his time with this ‘Tony’ so now it was time to let her, as much as he wanted to intervene, and he knew he definitely would once his spider sense took hold.
“That thing… You know, I couldn’t really ask anyone else. I knew I’d probably get a sassy answer or slapped in the face, those augmentation things… They’re pretty personal, right? I’ve never had one, nor do I ever want one, but I’ve just always wondered… How they feel.”
Steve placed the piece he had just took a chunk of down on the plate, and wiped his mouth with a napkin before half-turning to face Tony. “I was starving after training, sorry. I would’ve invited you if I’d known.”
He wasn’t showing any signs of fatigue as he powered through the swarm, but as he carried on, his eyes began to feel heavy, his breathing followed. He blamed it on feeling out of breath and the amount of dust that was scattered around the place. Out from behind one of the machines, he could see a man in a dark purple suit, pinstriped and extremely well fitted to his lean figure – The Purple Man, Zebediah Killgrave. And, of course, next to him was Justin Hammer, looking a little too smug. Tony tried to open his mouth to shoot out a retort but as he opened it the words failed to escape. It was as though they were trapped at the bottom of his throat. Instantly his hands went for his neck, trying to wring the words out.
Four days and he hadn’t moved an inch. He lay as still as a porcelain doll resting on a counter. The others had gone in with biohazard suits as per the norm and extracted samples, taking turns to do so. It was much easier doing extractions by hand as opposed to sending bots in there. One thing Tony wouldn’t stand for was Steve being carved up like a Christmas turkey, he refused to let them to do so. Therefore, there were only small extractions that took place in front of Tony.
“Get it, wings on the... Head?” He asked, still trying to compose himself, his mind still focused on the feeling of Steve’s hands on him, the wonders he could perform with them.
“Tony! Cuff him!” he called out whilst he had the criminal pinned down, hearing him squirm and grunt, trying desperately to reach for the emerald that had flown out of his hand when he had been punched the first time.
Steve’s hand that supported Tony’s back slid down the curve of his rear, edging closer and closer between the cheeks and finally, the tip of his finger gave Tony’s opening a testing press. His body stiffened right away and his eyes widened, “W-wait…” He whispered as he broke from the kiss, licking the tendrils of saliva that trailed as he pulled away. He reached his arm down to the first aid box that was by the bed, his hand fumbling around for it clumsily, pulling out the small pot of medical lubricant. He popped the cap open on the bottle using his teeth then held it out for Steve to take. That was a good idea, at least it was safe, as if doing what he was doing with metal fingers wouldn’t hurt enough.
“Newbie!” A voice called from across the room – it was the man who had been drinking out of the coffee pot earlier holding a bunch of keys in his hand. “This’s yours!” He threw them over the few desks that were in the way, Steve caught them easily.
“What are we dealing with here?” Clint Barton asked as they took their allocated seats in the Quinjet, everyone fastening their belts over their chests. Clint had his quiver out in front of him as he looked up at Tony for an answer, fiddling with the end of each arrow and making sure it was perfectly in place.
Another yelp of agony echoed from the super soldier, images flashing through his head again and again. The ice, his pal slipping from his grip and flying on a rocket then watching the explosion which made his heart pound with pain all rushed through his mind as though he were seeing it happen again right before his eyes.
Even though they didn’t live at the mansion, they would use it as a resting place sometimes, particularly after missions if they were too exhausted or injured to make their way back to their actual homes. It should’ve been more aptly named the Avengers Hotel. But Steve was one of the few permanent residents.
