as what Crowley saw.
“You do remember that it has been almost three years after that day?” Castiel chuckled and held Balthazar’s hand, “It’s all water under the bridge.”
view!” Dean opened his second bottle of beer, made Castiel a bit worried considering he still have to drive home.
Cas huffed and sat on his sofa, then he heard the familiar sound of Dean’s Baby, the loud roaring engine, “I thought something happened.”
Claire knew that her uncles would have hard time saying no to her, and as much as she was grateful and love them both, there are times where she would take a little tip toe across the line with both Castiel and Gabriel.
"Apparently in schools, especially the religious ones, they don't talk about Purgatory and The Empty," Jack added.
“Oh, shut up.”
The green-eyed man smiled to himself as he closed the dishwashing machine and get it on for the night. After making sure that he had cleaned the kitchen top, Dean swirled on his heel to find a glass of red wine was waiting for him on the kitchen island. Of course, his brother would
Cas didn’t realise Dean had stopped the car while he was still studying the house, until Dean spoke, “Come on, we get the car to the garage, then we’ll meet Sammy and Charlie.”
“Taken”
“This is my excited voice, Gabe,” Castiel sat on one of the stools and put his viewing aid on the table.
on Prime Videos. It was one of his favourite shows that he could rewatch it again and again, without having to get bored. That Crowley caught his eyes, with the flaming red hair and fabulous giant car. Castiel would love to fantasise being fucked by Crowley at the backseat of that car. Or on the hood, he wasn’t fussed.
“Sounds interesting.”
"Oh."
"What?"
Sure, the bed was enough to contain him and Charlie - and Sams legs - during their movie marathon nights. But Charlie was about
“Is he now? Alright, I’ll be back in fifteen minutes.”
The protest went ignored by Crowley, "If you remember the soul bomb that Mother made when we wanted to kill Amara, mine was something like that. Only milder. It had hundreds of human souls, from my personal collection. Instead of exploding and killed us, my bomb created an inhuman light. You wouldn't want to see what was there behind the darkness in The Empty."
, thought it would be funny to have a former King of Hell as Death. I'm not complaining, though. I had a good time reading the books of people's end. Very entertaining. I haven't got to yours though, Dean, I just got to G. There was one book that said 'God', but I'm not sure if it was for the actual God or someone with the last name of God."
It was a delicate lip-lock that neither of them wanted to end. But, it had to, when there was a loud popping sound came from the inside the exhibition room, followed by a row of cheers from the guests inside.
“Yeah, he usually blamed the French in him for that. I met Balthazar when I was looking for a place to stay, and Crowley told me that the place he lived in was one tenant short, so he offered me if I would like to look.”
"It was a well-thought plan, Sam. He really impressed me," Cas smiled as his eyes moved to see Dean, who was talking with Rowena, then he had his attention on Eileen. "Hello, Eileen, it's so good to see you again."
Other students outside the project, on the other hand, was
Neither of the brothers Winchester spoke for a while until Dean started. "Did you watch
Dean wiped his face with his hands, and then he realised that he was in the library, which he didn’t remember moving there from the kitchen. When he looked down to the table where he slept, Dean also found beer bottles around him. One of them was even a bottle of whisky from his storage, and he didn’t remember taking it last night. Let alone remember drinking all of these bottles last night.
“Good boy. Nice meeting you, Dean.”
"Hey, Pamela!"
"Thanks, Charlie," Dean smiled at her. After he was sure that Charlie was out of reach, he turned to Castiel again. He took a deep breath before he finally found Castiel's eyes again, and Dean felt as if he was absorbed into the soothing blue orbs.
The room was silent for a while, only their short breaths and pants that could be heard, racing one and another. A wince from Castiel came when Mick pulled out slowly.
It was either he didn't dare to say or do anything, being cautious from demanding further, or he was
“That’s on you,” Castiel gasped and warned Mick.
Cas was at the point that he couldn’t care if he had his face filled with wide smile from one ear to the other, he shrugged at Dean’s question. “I still have no clue, Dean. Uh, I … What’re you good at?”
Wait. What?
“Jesus Christ, what kind of person are you bringing home?”
, brother mine,” this time it was Abaddon’s turn to do the eye-roll before chuckling. “It was just out of curiosity, really. No, I haven’t met anyone, so stop giving me that look, thank you very much. Sometimes I just wonder what would happen if someday I met someone I'm comfortable with, and decided to settle down. Having to spend my days with only
“Hello, Dean.”
Jack shrugged, "Well, I have three Dads already, and you and Sam are brothers, I could just watch you guys have the brotherly fights on a daily basis. You and Castiel, on the other hand."
“Dean, I’m cooking bacon,” Eileen smiled mischievously, “you better come to the kitchen soon, or I’ll finish it.”
cue, since that was the time when the younger hunter decided to get up and beheaded Jenny. Practically ended up the short and weird reunion between the hunters and the long lost prey, that they had forgotten many years ago.
"That's what I know of so far."
“Yeah, she’s, um, seventeen. Both Gabriel and I were the closest babysitters she ever had since she was little. Even with me in the UK, we’re still keeping in touch.”
of those that you said before, have you looked at yourself in the mirror recently? Those are also
Cas' eyes were shut tight, and his lips were half-open beautifully, as a variety of obscene sounds came from his mouth. Dean also saw Cas' forehead being scrunched whenever he had Dean pushed into him.
"Just put it there. I'm going to make more of those dirty dishes later after cooking," Dean said without turning his head to where Castiel was. "Oh, by the way, your shoes are next to the door."
“Okay, fine. Jack, you can use my car, and
“Dean, what’s your plan when you can get Cas out from The Empty?”
"Remember when Lucifer killed me, both times, even with Castiel as the vessel, I could always return as me, with all my glory?"
Quite different with Castiel, who took the path of a Linguist that related to historical and creative work, Abaddon studied Medical for the science of it. She had taken her undergraduate studies also four years of research in Medical School. Abaddon had worked at the local hospital for a few years before she decided that she wanted to take Master Studies in Nutrition and Dietetics. That was last year, and she was currently on her second year.
What if that was a one time deal that he could call Cas from The Empty?
“Well, I kinda always knew that you’re into both sides,” (“What?”), “it kinda showed, Dean. But, you were always more to women when it came to relationship, or something close to it. What made you decided that you can go for one with Castiel?”
“Yeah, he said he was a friend of yours. Balthazar?”
Dean and Castiel caught up for lost time. Sort of.
They did watched
Juliet, stop!” Dean pushed the pooch’s face away when she started licking his face. “Cas, we gonna go shopping first here, and Juliet can’t come, do you think we can keep her inside the car?”
That was an answer that made Dean's heart drummed faster, "Cool. Okay, let's go buy dinner for everyone, Cas."
No, it wasn't paper.
versions, guys. Now, spill," Sam gave the two men his least menacing look.
"Well, I can try that," he finally said. "So, maybe we won't need a lot of time, I mean we won't need 24 hours to do that. Could you make it a two-hour window, Rowena?"
“I got my bike, Baz, what about you?”
Gabriel was the one who always stood for Castiel, whenever their father or older siblings started to pick on him for not "following the family values". Castiel admired Gabriel's bravery back then, and now. He told their father that he didn't want any part of the family business if that means he had to live with the suffocating rules and standards of the House of Shurley. He would rather be having a fun time of his life learning the business and start one of his own. He used most of his savings from their mother, right before she passed away.
Their father’s statement became the main reason why the twins preferred to put their middle name on their everyday needs. They were mostly known as Castiel Novak and Abaddon Sands, which can be quite misleading to the fact that they were related, closely.
He walked to the sofa bed, without looking back to see what Dean was doing after he left him in the kitchen. Castiel also didn't look at which sofa bed was his side, he took the empty side next to Gabriel and let out a long sigh as he put his head on the fluffy pillow. Castiel might be more tired than he thought; from the all-day work that he did, driving for four hours, and having to deal with the sudden surprise, it was exhausting. The last thing he remembered was pulling the blanket to cover half of his face, then turned away from Gabriel, facing Balthazar. From there, it was all darkness and the surreal world of dreams for Castiel.
Unknown to his brother, there was a faint smile on Dean’s face, knowing that he will be back to the eating place, and maybe – just
“Shut up.”
Maybe it would be wise to discuss this with Gabriel. He is, after all, his big brother and his children's uncle. He could be a perfect middle man for this discussion, as he always (or more likely,
Dean.
are you Death? What happened?"
“I beg your pardon?”
It was one of the sounds that Dean really longed for, mostly after Castiel fell down to Earth and practically had his wings all broken. He felt hopeful at the sound that just came into the bunker. On the other hand, he couldn’t help but twitch in a slight trauma. It was still evident in his mind how he was entirely deceived by Lucifer, who ruthlessly used Dean’s affection for Cas. He had his hand balled into a fist as he looked up to the sound of footsteps that came closer to his room, followed by a familiar face.
"Her? The Empty is a woman?"
Castiel laughed at the reply, “I feel like we’re back in high school. Anyway,
Dean looked up to Jack in one snap movement. He didn’t dare to have hope with the call. He couldn’t bear to have another fake phone call that said it was Cas, but turned out it was a certain archangel that he would love to stab with an archangel blade. Again.
Everything felt like moving in slow motion for Dean, from how he climbed the bed and lay down on his side, while Cas descended from his sitting position, then coming down next to him. And had his face on Dean smiling sleepily.
order. It was a bowl of fruit salad with chia seeds, pumpkin seeds, almond, oatmeal, poured with dragon fruit
“So, who was the poor man whose bed you stained last night?”
It was when his left hand landed on the door knob, Castiel stepped back, “Uh, hang on, I have to check on something.”
. Cas couldn't help to smile and giggle.
“Castiel is not an item, Dean.”
Cas felt a familiar warmth on the bottom of his stomach whenever Dean laughed. The beautiful baritone sound of his laughter made the dark-haired man felt like home, like he was relaxing on his childhood bed in the Novak house, the most comfortable place he had ever known. He loved how Dean laughed with his whole body, how the man will shut his eyes tight and bark out a train of laughter, at times he even threw back his head and clapped his hands.
Dean raised his eyebrows at the question, before drinking his beer. “What year is it? Am I fifteen again?”
“Hey, you two, holiday meeting in an hour. Meeting hall, second floor,” announced a man with majestic greyish mane and bush of beard, who stepped into the teacher’s room.
Rowena turned around and smiled, "Samuel, hello, and who's that girl with you? Should you introduce her to your Auntie Rowena?"
Right at the second Dean finished reading, the grace was sucked back into Cas' throat and brought a bright purplish light that came out from Cas' neck and chest. The angel let out a piercing scream before he finally fell to the floor, clutching his chest.
“What?” again, the eye-rolling from Crowley made Castiel laughed, “Not everything should end up in sex, Crowley. We both had a good dinner, talk, and he went home after we exchanged number. That’s all.”
It won’t be a bad thing.
“What?”
“Yeah, yeah, I was trying to remember what I should do with my class today,” apparently, the response didn’t convince his brother that he was alright, so Dean quickly continued, “you’re ready? Have you locked the Bat-cave?”
But, not the crowd around him.
to pick the day.
Castiel was talking about social media accounts with his niece, and they were making some puppy-like videos when Gabriel called.
Dean rolled his memory to find the answer. Now that Rowena mentioned it, he agreed that the three of them seemed to defy so many natural laws throughout their life, including being dead and resurrected from death. In so many ways even.
“Cas?” he started, “Cas, can you still hear me? We’re gonna get you out, Cas. So, maybe don’t do anything stupid yet? You know, something that would make The Empty pissed and caged you somewhere that we can’t reach. And, uh, I want, um … you-you’ve said your piece to me before you were gone, and maybe, no, and it
The new voice in the room came from Jack, who just entered the library with a bag of potato chips in his hand. "We have new books. Thank you, Rowena."
A loving smile showed on the girl’s face, she really had taken of Dean as her future big brother in law, and it was adorable of her.
“You’re an angel, Castiel.”
"Okay. So Winchesters don't have to go here when they die?"
“Why? How old were you?”
It took him few seconds to gather himself and gave the other man a hesitated smile before standing up to walked out from the canteen. Only to be stopped by a small kitten next to him, meowing for food. He smiled softly and scooped the feline while walking to the direction of motorcycle parking lot.
Before he turned his head to the man with the voice on Castiel’s door, Dean swore he saw a hint of disappointment on the dentist’s face.
“So am I,” Claire jumped in. “I also got the last shift, and I have a party to go to after.”
"Boys, I think it's time for you both to call it a day. Samuel, I saw you sleeping, and Dean, you haven't moved from that page since an hour ago."
“Apparently, we’re in the same page here, Cas, with douche-y big brother,” Sam turned over his shoulder to say this to Cas.
“Yeah, that’s what he told me as well. No, he didn’t even tell he’s staying until Friday,” Castiel sighed at his brother’s antics. “You have anywhere you wanna see, Claire? I’ll be working next week, but I can join you and Gabriel afterwards.”
The hunter lowered his lips to Castiel's neck. When he found the vein that beat rhythmically as Cas' newly heartbeat, Dean started to suck.
his Cas, he'd slam him to a wall and take him right then and there. Dean would
didn't remember the lights flickered when summoning Death.
"Do you think I would let you all escape after all of this? You have awakened me from my sleep, created a disturbance at
Benny’s steel blue eyes widened at the last addition of information, “Nothing fancy? Dean, that is a whole
Dean turned around, followed by Sam and Jack - his family - and headed to the Impala that had been waiting patiently for them. This would be the last time he saw Chuck, and he knew that he won’t regret it. All his life, or even more, Chuck had been controlling his existence to the extent that it only brought him sufferings and sorrows, until yesterday. When Chuck made him lose Cas again. That should be the final straw.
serious.”
So the voice switched again. Not the soft one during dinner nor the harsh one as before, but it was steady, low, and submissive. It was the voice of regret. The apology, however, made the storm of wonder in Castiel’s head tamed down. Although, it was hard to passed his mind the way Dean reacted when he didn’t respond to the messages.
Due to his antics, many customers would be oblivious that Dean was actually one of the important people at the bar. They would see Dean as another waiter or cleaning person, that is until Pamela would call Dean up to the stage and lead everyone on karaoke nights. And that was how Dean became popular among their customers. Ladies, and gentlemen.
“Where’s your shoes?” Castiel asked her.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas replied, “I’ll bring this to the dining table.”
The yellow feline replied by climbing to Castiel’s chest and shoulders, while his human lowered himself gingerly to the sofa and turned the television on. He was halfway on watching a sitcom, when he remembered that Dean asked to be let known when Cas is home.
“Thanks, but no, thanks.
well-built, he had the most delicious broad shoulders Castiel had ever seen. His messy floppy brown hair had some strands fell to his forehead, and his bright green eyes were almost hypnotising. Then the scruff — oh, the
book. So, he’s the one with the dog that you want me to babysit, huh?” Sam’s smile went wider when he saw his big brother nodded sheepishly. “You know what, Dean, I’m not gonna go anywhere when you and Castiel are having dinner here next weekend. I’ll be here, I’d like to know more about Castiel. And maybe Charlie would love to be here as well. Unless … you want the dinner to be
“Whoa there, girl, this isn’t a BDSM club,” Dean suddenly had stood next to the girls’ table, carrying an empty pitcher and a table towel. His reaction earned a laugh from the girls.
"Ha! As silly as it sounds, I miss my natural hair colour, but I'm not that patient to wait for my hair to grow and cut out the brown parts. So I used this amazing Asian hair dye shampoo that I found online. It's
keep me company afterwards.”
“Use your hands-free thingy, Cas,” Dean laughed at the frustration on Castiel’s voice as he drove his car to the direction of a restaurant he and Castiel would have dinner at that night.
“Oh, that,” the younger brother ran a hand on the back of his head sheepishly.
"About an hour or so," Jack shrugged and pushed a bottle of mineral water to Dean, "Eileen was awakened earlier and saw you here. She thought we forgot to lock the door."
"Crowley?" Dean began, "You're the new Death?"
Dean took another leaf of tissue, “I’m good, I’m good. It’s just … weird, I usually only have allergic reaction on cats. You can’t possibly have any cats in here, right?”
“She’s really glad to have her paws on the ground again,” Dean commented as he took out the groceries, and he shook his head when Cas stepped forward to help. “That’s okay, Cas, you still have Juliet’s bag to carry, right?”
They got me evern more excited to keep entertaining y'all with this story!
Castiel felt comforting warmth flowing inside him and pooled on the lower of his stomach, when finding out that Dean still remembered the small fact about their brothers that they were talking about around half hour ago in his practice.
Many people would say that the closeness and cheerfulness of everyone who visited Blue Remington was a big contribution of the owners, Pamela Barnes and Dean Winchester. They’re a great team who invested and passionated much for what they do there, it can be felt by people who go there.
you're preparing for your plan after meeting him ready?" this time it was Crowley who sarcastically rolled his eyes.
“Ah, yet you know whom I was referring to,” teased Crowley as his smile grew wider as Castiel’s face went deeper shade of crimson. “So, who was he?”
There was a look of concern on Eileen’s face before she raised her hands to sign, “Wait, so Cas is a walking deadman?”
Jack was seen stepping out of Eileen's car and talked to Sam and Eileen before the young boy gave Eileen a hug. On the next moment, Jack waved lightly to the lovebirds before he shuffled towards Dean and the Impala.
Dean was highly tempted to continue the topic about weekend leisures, but then he decided to halt and postponed it until when they’re having dinner. The restaurant was already in his sight anyway. “Drive it to your work sometime, Cas. Baby and I would like to meet your car.”
“Demisexual, it’s when a person decided to put hold on sex until they’re having a deeper emotional connection, romantically involved, and trust.”
“I know, Sam. I, uh, honestly I don’t know why I didn’t tell you about Cas, besides that I still wasn’t sure where this relationship will go. Look, when I told you about the dinner, I still wasn’t sure if Cas was into me that way or not.”
after he baked several batches of sweets.
"Aaaawwww ….." Eileen practically squealed at that. "I'm so happy to hear that."
Dean ran his hand on the back of his head again, "I, uh, I know you're not gonna like the sound of this, uh, a few weeks."
Dean really found himself lost in watching Castiel’s look while telling his stories. He was more animated and comical now they had known each other more than a dentist and patient relationship, and it was glorious. He also laughed more, and varied from small chuckle to the full-on one that got his eyes closed and showing all gums and teeth, like a child.
It was a private property, but it was obvious that there was something happened inside. Probably a party of some sort. Castiel decided to park his car on the back, when he saw that there were no space in front area.
“That sounds nice, Dean, sometimes next week?”
sending. But instead, Dean sent whatever he had just typed as it was.
That probably was only Cas stating something, but it made Dean blushed and felt seen that someone actually
He kissed down to Cas' collarbones before he went even lower to his nipples, to licked and bite the hardening buds. Dean took his sweet time focusing on each of the nipples, this time Cas' moans were louder and even filthier than before.
Cas knew that he could never forget the look on Dean’s face that night, after he shot his incoherent response. The expression of utter
“I know, I-” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, “
“Awesome.”
“Ireland,” Sam replied sheepishly, “Eileen and her parents moved here when she was thirteen or fourteen. Then when she was about to enter college, her parents went back to Ireland. Somehow she wanted to study law at Standford back then, and thank God she did.”
5’s perfect, Cas. Don’t worry. And I’ll call you as planned.
“Huh. That’s interesting. Who’s your friend?”
"Uh, hi?"
"What?" Crowley suddenly got even more interested in what the two were doing.
Cas was looking down on him with worry on his face. Dean then took a look around and saw familiar settings; stone walls, shelves with books that were obviously age older than him, study desks, chairs.
different.
“He, uh,” Cas smiled to his hands on the table, “he went around using his middle name, Dmitri, and pretend that he was a Russian descendant throughout the trip.”
. Why is that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you, Dean.”
“I really do hope so,” Castiel replied and finished his tea. “By the way, I have another story for you, Dean.”
"I'm sorry I made you feel like you can't have what you want. But the fact is, you can always have me. I'm always
“Longer than I knew it myself, apparently,” Cas chuckled.
– his brain not to move his body forward to kiss Dean, instead he stared longer at the taller man before him.
It was five-thirty in the morning, and the sun will rise in near time. Castiel loved enjoying the sun rise from his giant window, across his living room’s sofa before going out for his morning jog. He sat, with Misha having breakfast next to his leg, and looked around his current staying place.
For the second time that night, Cas’ neck made out a soft crick due to turning his face to fast. “And who will be driving my car home, may I ask?”
“Well, yeah. I saw you checking out guys several times. Especially ones in leather, uniform, or even trench coat. What’s with the trench coat?”
again?"
It took a few moments for Dean to remember what his brother was talking about, then it came back to him about the candy exhibition. The first person that came to his mind, of course, Castiel. But then on a second thought, dentist and
The older man before Dean blinked twice. “Yes.”
“Okay, I’m sorry, that was inappropriate,” Dean didn’t knew he could whisper something that fast.
This time it was Castiel's turn to scoff, "Well, let's say I don't talk much with him anymore these days. We're twelve years apart in the first place anyway, so yeah."
Hello, Dean. I’m home now. Where are you?
Dean turned to Crowley when he heard the other man giggled at the mention of Castiel and how the angel had Dean in his mind. After he was sure that Crowley had gotten himself together, Dean faced The Empty again. "Billie made sure that when a Winchester died, they went straight to The Empty."
Dean admitted that if this was his Cas,
“Cas, I’m really sorry, but I think Charlie’s waving maniacally to me now. I gotta go back for the next film.”
The man with the name blinked several times, and looked directly to Cas’ eyes, “Oh, huh? What?”
"You're most welcome, lamb," there was a fond smile on Rowena's face. At this point, she clearly had forgotten about Jack's heritage line. She decided that she would accept the Nephilim as a Winchester.
“Oh, yeah, yeah. It’s just that I’m driving, so I’d rather talk than texting.”
Dean frowned, “What ste-?” then his green eyes widened, “Stew!”
The shorter man almost tripped when he felt Dean’s hand landed on the low of his back, guiding him to a classic car. A black and red 1965 Ford Mustang. “Oh, what happened to the Impala?”
“You have a cat. Okay … um, do you mind if we just sit outside?” Dean broke the silence, and covered his mouth and nose when he let out another sneeze.
“Come on, Dean, you used to tell me
The younger brother turned to face his big brother. "I thought I had got past that with moving here?"
, who threatened Robin of Locksley that he would cut his heart out with a spoon.
That he didn't get to tell Cas how much he loved him, and Cas wouldn't know that he was wrong?
fault that he wasn’t ready to check on him at five-fifteen? “Look, Naomi, I’m currently having my very late lunch. Could you please tell him that I’ll be ready for him at six, as appointed?”
“What if,” Dean started again, “I pick you up and we have dinner at my place? Leave your car at work or somewhere, then when it’s time for you to go, I’ll drive you to your car? How does that sound?”
All was because of Dean.
Castiel laughed at the question, “Actually, no. I might have to refer him to another dentist if anything further happened.”
Should he or shouldn’t he? It might lead to something new, either a big fight with his brother (which
A smile showed on Dean’s face, as he imagined another cooking session with Cas, only this time both of them wouldn’t have any single clue on how to make the food they want. And that strange drink he purchased before? That was an unusual mixture, maybe he should make a video of Cas’ reaction when he drank that.
Dean finally opened his eyes and found a fluffy blanket with a picture of Yoda covering him and a pillow wrapped in a Millenium Falcon pillowcase. Now that he thought of it, he didn't remember when he moved from the chair to this corner of the room. Apparently, he was still in the Archive Room. He didn't even remember when he finished his whiskey.
got up and looked for his underwear, which later he found was under his jacket, then wore the rest of his clothes. Before he put on his clothes, Castiel checked on the mirror whether there were any signs of violence on his body, since he couldn’t remember anything from last night. After turning around
Cas felt his body trembled slightly when Dean wrapped his hands tenderly with his own. It took him a few seconds to turned and looked at Dean, it was almost as if in slow motion. A definite chick-flick moment. Cas was surprised to see Dean was smiling fondly at him, and his lips made a soundless 'Hey, Cas'.
“I do, that’s why I told you I will make you suffer physically
The short reply from the dentist marked the next round of their intense staring, where the blues met the greens. It was like the middle of the ocean, calm and beautiful, yet there was a silent cautiousness of something grand might happened at any time.
“Hey, no problem, Dean. Thank you for driving me home, and give me a company. I hope this is good for your time killing tonight,” Castiel really hoped that this won’t be the only time Dean having dinner at his place. He didn’t dare to think about Dean having breakfast at his place, but knowing that there will be a next dinner will do for now.
Probably it really was wiser to take his distance with Dean Winchester.
Teaching high school kids was less complicated than he thought. Once the students knew that their teacher won’t mess around, or trying to look tough and strict, they will look at them as a friend. Insert a good communication skill, and respect will be earned.
“Answer it, Dean,” Jack said with a smile.
Dean practically crashed his lips to Cas' again. He ran his knuckles on Cas' cheekbone before running his palm over Cas' chest and swallowed the former angel's soft moans as Dean played his thumb on Cas' nipple.
, Cas.”
“What? No, of course, you can borrow if you want. They’re-uh, yeah, you can.”
Jack.
Dean’s laughter filled Cas’ ears, and suddenly something clicked inside his head. “Oh, shit, Dean!”
Jack replied with a smile and a light wave of a hand, “That was the least I could do for you and Dean after everything that you both been through together. After what we’ve been through together.”
Cas grinned at that, and then looked around his table for a place where he could put his phone with the camera still facing him. He finally decided to put it leaning to the desk calendar. “Okay, I think this will do. Right, I’m having my lunch, Dean. Are you alright watching me eat?”
“Don’t worry, Cas, we’re ahead of our deadline, so even if we only have half of today’s work done, we’re still safe,” another student, Kaia Nieves, smiled at him and returned to her seat next to Jack on the large round table. She opened her laptop and awakened it from Sleep mode, before leaning towards Jack, “Hey, what’s the wi-fi password here?”
The younger brother chuckled at the response. “You know, Dean, I gotta ask … what made you decided on Castiel?”
“You’re right. I should get myself another classic car to give your Baby a company.”
Again, Sam moved forward to get closer to his big brother, “Anytime, Dean. By the way, how was the kiss?”
now?”
This was it. The
“It’s not aching, Sammy,” the older Winchester took a spoonful of pie and ate it delightfully, “I just felt that there’s something funny on my teeth.”
The dentist had lied.
“Uh, what now?” Dean looked in puzzlement to Cas, who looked as surprised as he is, if not in horror. “Hi. Claire. Yes, Cas mentioned that you’re coming over. How’s it going?”
"Yes, love, could you maybe look for anything that can help us learn more about The Empty? The more information that we can get, the more that we can work on to make a spell," Rowena reached to squeeze Dean's arm softly with a smile.
“Which one of these was the doughnut you bought, Dean?”
Both Tuesday and Wednesday went by quite fast, since he got a flow of patients coming. Castiel had this thought that Gabriel put up his practice address and number at the exhibition, so anyone who ate too much sweets throughout the event can go straight to Castiel’s place to get their teeth checked up. Of course he didn’t have any evidence that will support his accusation, he did ask Gabriel about this, though.
Happy that she got the confirmation that was needed, Claire cut the conversation between Dean and Cas, while shooting a suspicious smile to her uncle, ”Anyway, Uncle Cassie, Gabriel was asking me to get you.”
“Cassie? Dean, are you getting back together with Cassie?”
As Dean met Castiel’s eyes, he felt the pain in his chest before slowly faded away. Balthazar might have Castiel before, but he didn’t now. And they had a wonderful friendship, then and now. Dean should respect that, even with the little green monster haunting the back of his head. And heart.
“Hey.”
Castiel slide his phone back into his pants’ pocket, and that was when he saw the bus is coming. He hadn’t got a chance to prepare himself to board the bus, as it stops, but already he felt someone bumped him from the side. It was a middle aged woman with hair as high as a beehive. The woman didn’t even apologised to him, she darted her way, splitting the crowd (with a short protest and shouts from the crowd that she passed) and hopped inside the the bus. Castiel could only stand with his jaw dropped as he watched the woman did so.
The man who was sitting next to Cas rolled his eyes and continued feasting on his meal. “Like I hadn’t have enough of him clinging to me everyday!”
“Did you see him too?” he asked the kitten, and received another meow as answer. “Yes, I thought so too.”
This is a meaningful and important step for Dean, and he knew it. Everybody knew it.
Dean felt his face had a certain heat risen from his neck to his forehead when he looked back to the pair of space-blue coloured orbs. Somehow Dean could feel like Cas was looking into his soul and cherished everything he saw in there, even the darker ones.
That they had made Chuck practically useless, it should be something to celebrate. But, the job isn't finished, they still have to return the population of Earth. They have to bring back Eileen, and Cas.
Castiel chuckled at the response, and then he turned to the rest of the team, who were all gathered on one laptop and suppressed their laughter at whatever it is they’re watching. “Hey, guys, sorry to interrupt, where are we with these tablets?”
No response from any of the vamp-mimes. Not even Jenny.
"Great!" Rowena cheered, "So, how long do you think you will need? An hour? Two? Twenty-four?"
? That shit is good. Scary and entertaining, I went to see it
"Hey, Cas. Busy, I gather?" Dean chuckled.
"I remember seeing Ketch before I lost consciousness. That was cowardly of him to sic a Hellhound to me."
"There's Purgatory."
Bela Talbot was supposedly Sam’s senior, but she took a break after finishing her Undergraduate, and travel. She enrolled her Master class at the same year as Sam, and they had two minor classes together, and that was how they met.
There were two kinds of mornings in Castiel's life; the ones where he woke up and got ready to work, and the ones where he woke up and
Bela suddenly appeared with a bag in her hand, that was filled with the ingredients.
Soon after the lunch bell rang, Dean grabbed Benny and drag him to the deli across the road to the school building. They made their order and sat outside, enjoying the warm weather.
"I am. He was really determined to save you, Cas. He really loved you."
Dean chuckled at Eileen's confession, he really felt grateful that it was the two people in front of him who found him asleep. He could imagine the scolding he would get if it was Sam. Not that he didn't like what his brother would do, it just he probably didn't have the energy to face that right after he was awakened from sleep, and at his current state.
“What? Dean?” Cas tilted his head slightly and looked at Dean who was still laughing and bent his knees next to the trolley. “Why are you laughing?”
Balthazar put down his book and twined his fingers in front on his stomach. So, the topic had his
A faint chuckle was heard from Dean’s side, “Sure, Cas, you can ask. He’s asked mostly about you, where did we meet and how. You know, the kind of questions mothers usually asked when they knew their child have a boyfriend or girlfriend.”
“My big brother
The dentist could feel his cheeks flushed at the answer, “Thank you, Dean.”
"I honestly thought Charles was a charming, squirrelly man, who was just so awkward," Rowena received another slice of pizza from Dean. "I guess that was because he was weak. Do you think their role was actually reversed? Amara was The Light, and Charles was The Darkness?"
do deals. Not even
“Traitor,” Dean mumbled next to him.
This time it was a bark of laughter that came out from Dean's mouth, "I know, right? After all the things we've gone through. Lucifer, leviathans, Darkness, British Men of Letters, God,
It seemed that the look on Castiel’s that night had made Dean’s happiness and ability to string coherent topics of conversation conflicting heavily. Here he was, looking for any entertaining talk that could made Castiel’s face beamed.
“I’ll give it to you later after I take my shower, is that alright?” Dean got up and at the same trying hoping that there was no tent or whatever on his pants.
There was another pause between them after the quick exchange of plan. This time Dean could picture Cas had his eyes narrowed to a smile, and showing the wrinkles on the corner of his eyes. This would be accompanied with a smile that was so wide, showing two rows of bright white teeth and his gums. Then, of course, the darker colour of scarlet on his cheeks.
long since we were here," Castiel smiled dreamily as he tried to memorise the fun times he had the last time he was at the lake house. "By the way, Charlie, hey, why don't you join us?"
“Oh no, Dean. I’m so sorry,” there was a sincere sympathy in Garth’s voice, even when Dean hadn’t even finished his words. “Is there anything that I can help?”
Misha followed Dean on his heels, as if seeking protection from the big beast wagging her tail on the couch. Dean tried to make Cas’ closet looked just as how he found it when he was looking for Misha. He was just closing the closet’s door, when Cas came with a bowl of cat food in one hand and a bowl of water in the other.
“Lucifer and little Lucifer?” Dean asked with a cheeky smile, “Don’t worry about it, Cas. Some other time.”
Cas exhaled before answering, “I, uh, I think it was after lunch. Oh, I remember there was a postman coming after you called, but I don’t think Misha walked out. The postman would notice if there was a cat walking across him, right?”
Dean could hear a faint laugh in the back of his head as he listened to that word. It’s not that he never had a girlfriend throughout his life, but he simply chose not to. Living with a committed relationship doesn’t seem like the kind of life for him, especially one with a woman. Yes, he enjoyed being with a woman - well, who
Then there was that look of fondness again on Castiel’s face, the one that Dean would love to see every morning when he wakes up.
Somehow, it didn’t occurred in Castiel’s mind to rekindled the amorous flame he once had with Balthazar. In fact, it felt even better to have the blond as a good friend only, and he knew Balthazar would feel the same.
Dean could feel his eyes sting, and his visions started to blur with tears. “Cas? Is this really you?” he couldn’t help to feel silly for throwing Cas a similar question the second time the angel was brought back from The Empty by Jack.
“Good,” Dean replied quietly, while he tried to calm himself before actually saying what he wanted to say. “Now, about that confession of yours.”
time for them to take this thing between them a little bit more seriously? Dean, obviously, enjoyed his time with Cas, and would love to know more about him. But, would Cas
came to a halt before the huge door of the garage. Dean leaned forward and eyed the wooden craft, then decided that he might
after I ejected him, there wasn't enough for us to make a spell. Michael had left you for almost a year. If anything, you'd probably healed well, and the grace left in you might even be less than what's in Jack."
But, then came this angel of the Lord who had been living and existing for millennia, aeons even, and he learnt that Dean was nothing whatsoever as he thought. That Dean was indeed the righteous man who had changed the angel. An angel who was supposed to be a soldier of Heaven who had a change of perspective in so many aspects on Earth, especially humanity.
“The offer still stands if you want.”
"And?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s an interesting name, Cas.”
“Um, yes,” Cas tried to smile, even though he could hardly felt his left arm due to Dean leaning on him. “I, uh, I will wake him later. Dean looked so tired.”
Again, the shiver was back, "Yeah, my parents have a thing for celestial names. I have a big brother named Lucifer before you asked."
After the lovebirds exited the bunker, Dean decided to take a shower. A nice hot shower that would feel so refreshing for him, and made him wonder when was the last time he took a shower this nice before. He couldn't remember.
“Cas? Dammit, man! Where were you?”
Happiness took over Dean's emotions as he pulled Cas closer to him and again wrapped the smaller man in a hug. Something that he'd been longing to do since he thought he lost him a few days ago.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean practically groaned at Cas’ weak defence. “Put on something warmer, will you?”
"When I was there, The Empty found us, and it wanted to claim Jack because he was half archangel. So, I made a deal for him to take me instead. The Empty agreed, on one condition. That he would take me when I feel true happiness."
The man sleeping on him looked so confused why they were alone in the living room that was almost completely dark, save the faint light from the television. He blinked his beautiful eyes twice, then turned to Cas, who was sitting still next to him. “Oh shit, did I slept on you?”
To everyone's surprise, Crowley set his attention to Dean in an intense way. "How did you know about
And there he was, sitting on the edge of the table across from Dean’s, talking to someone on his phone. He looked somewhat irritated, but at times he chuckled softly and talks in a manner that Dean once recognises as affection for significant other.
Cas didn’t get a chance to answer, Dean had already turned him around, pushed him to the fridge, and gently placed a hand on his throat.
Castiel smiled while looking at the other men on the table. It had been ages since he had dinner with them, and it was still felt the same. The jokes, the laughter, even the way he and Balthazar teamed up to tease Crowley mercilessly had him in stitches of laughing too hard. He knew, despite all the moaning and grunts, Crowley also missed the way their fun-dysfunctional dynamic went.
Castiel made them salmon pasta, and Dean insisted to help (even only for chopping the onions, paprika, and mushrooms). He couldn’t stop smiling at how Dean made him felt easy and as vain as it would sound, he loved how they fit perfectly well in the kitchen. Dean was cutting the onions, mushroom, and paprika on one side of the kitchen island while telling stories about his students, while Castiel was in charge of pasta across him.
“Oh, anyway, I was rude,” Amara stood up and walked towards the host of the house, “thank you so much for doing this, Rebecca. Metatron had filled Me in about you, and I’m sure you can write the gospel of the Winchesters better than My brother when he was a prophet. My name’s Amara, I’m Chuck’s twin sister, and now I’m taking his throne in Heaven.”
, literally - boiled Dean’s blood.
While he sat on his chair waiting for Dean to return, Castiel’s brain was still trying to process the question popped from Dean. How did it become like this? They were supposed to be dentist and patient, and now Dean was driving him home, and they were having a nice and cozy dinner at the balcony of Castiel’s apartment. All it need left was a chandelier in the middle of the table.
Dean chuckled as he heard the other man’s note of threat, “Huh. He didn’t seemed too pleased.”
“Okay, don’t answer that,
in front of the sliding door, he let out a sigh of relief that there was nothing suspicious on his skin, then he got dressed.
Sam tapped his big brother’s shoulder as he pushed a glass of water and a small tube of aspirin in front of him. “Take this, Eileen and I will cook breakfast.”
The claim took Castiel by surprise that he couldn’t even respond coherently to Charlie. All he could do was opening and closing his mouth in protest, and probably resembling a fish who was thrown out of water. It took him another three seconds to finally be able to respond, “I was only
“So, who suggested this place again?”
window? I think Sam saw it too, he was just too polite not saying anything. I think Dean hadn't tell his brother about you two."
“Yeah, I’ve got a Lincoln.”
After they dropped Balthazar off at his apartment, Sam, Dean, and Charlie went back to the bunker. Charlie quickly called the bathroom, saying she wanted to take a shower first. Quietly, Dean felt grateful with that, because he knew that Sam would like to ask him some questions about Cas.
. How could you recover from receiving
After making his order, Dean went to one of the long tables and sat there. The place was not as crowded as lunch time, and Dean wondered if the blue-eyed man will be here at four o’clock in the afternoon.
Unexpectedly, Cas’ blue eyes widened at Dean’s question, and they were beautiful. A perfect cerulean sphere that brought a soft pang inside Dean’s chest as he saw them. He honestly didn’t know how to respond to whatever message those eyes sent him.
“Castiel?” Sam’s smile went wider, and it made Dean suddenly realised what happened just now, that he introduced a man in an
“You’re
Again, Dean swore if the person in front of him was the real Castiel, he'd do things that probably wouldn't have him accepted in Heaven or Hell. But, then again, Dean always preferred the Purgatory.
“Well, there was not much about him, Dean. He was a boy who was very well looked after by his big brother, until the day where he received a full dentistry scholarship in Glasgow. And off he went,” the man with the story had his eyes glinted at Dean.
"What?"
in the package, then Dean returned to the bathroom. “I hope this fits. It’s my size, and you’re, uh, well, I assumed we’re on the same size.”
Cas opened the door to his apartment, and was greeted by Misha. He walked to the couch that he used to sleep in with Gabriel. His place surely felt emptier without his brother and niece now. He couldn’t believe that until this morning this place was so lively with Claire watching her cartoons on telly and Gabriel whining that he’s hungry.
A flash of memory made Castiel chuckled, he remembered how he and Balthazar used to exchanged surprises during their passionate relationship.
Castiel was halfly gasped when he saw the frozen smiling face is now moving in real time accompanied with a cheerful baritone that he loved to hear.
“Oh, come on! Just forget about that and answer my question, will you?”
“Oh, I sleep in the centre, Cas.”
Dean laughed at Cas’ story, “That’s amazing, Cas. Gabriel really look after you when you guys were little, yeah?”
Yeah, Cas needed Sam to like him, but it would be more preferable with Juliet out of the equation.
Castiel was having a glass of water before he rested his head on his pillow. Misha was sleeping on Cas' bed with Claire. Cas was leaning on the couch while looking at his phone and wondering if Dean will actually call him. On the next second he felt stupid of himself. And of course that was the time chosen by Gabriel to engaged him in a conversation, that he couldn't resist anyway.
"You really like him, don't you?" Charlie let Castiel have his turn to place his head on her shoulder as she leant on him. She held Castiel's hand, entwined their fingers together.
“Yup, that’s me,” Dean unconsciously nodded at his own answer.
They all walked to the foyer, and waited for their cars to be delivered through valet, again, Cas felt a familiar warmth in his chest as he felt his brother’s arm went slightly tighter around his shoulder. He knew at that moment, Gabriel was silently happy that Cas met someone new, and it even had the blessing from Balthazar.
Dean chuckled as Cas’ face brightened with realisation. “Yeah, that. I, uh, I reckoned your brother would like to go, maybe, sometimes on the weekend. It’s about candies and sweets, things like that. I know it wasn’t something dentist should passionate about.”
Dean laughed at the statement, “Okay, okay. Look, we can get this one, do you want to get another for Sammy and Charlie? Anything you also recommend for those two nerds?”
“Yeah, we’re good,” the shorter man walked closer to the host, and stood next to him. “Thank you, though, for being so thoughtful.”
in the morning - and groaned before dragged herself to the bathroom and took a nice hot shower before meeting her family in the dining room.
“Uh, I think I better off now, so I won’t be in the way for your next patient,” Dean tapped his thighs, prepared to stand.
“Cas?”
“You’re funny, Doctor,” Dean smiled and got up. “Look, I’m gonna go inside and get us drinks. Stay here, okay? Don’t move, except for standing up.”
What for anyway.
“What?”
“Dean?”
“Cas, Cas, hey, I’m okay.”
Both men ate in silence, probably because they were hungry and wanted to savour what were before them. Or perhaps it was only for Cas, who enjoys his food. Every once in a while he hummed happily, and it made Dean equally happy to see the usually serious dentist to let loose and enjoy his meal without any thought of his patients. The galaxy-blue orbs shone brightly everytime Cas took a spoonful of his soup into his mouth.
“Dean, are you driving while holding your phone?” Cas suddenly felt uneasy at the fact Dean just revealed.
"Dean?" and there was the trademark tilted head, "Why are you here? And Crowley?"
“Not Lucifer, Gabriel. Oh, you were there when he called the other day. You said I looked stressed after answering his call,” Cas chuckled as he rolled his memories back to the night Dean had dinner at his place.
“Dean and I hadn’t talk about us since that night, Gabriel,” Cas explained. “There hasn’t been a good time to do so.”
“Oh, what did he want now?” the dark haired man asked and took his phone out.
“Well, don’t put it on the dashboard, it will slide.”
Dean heard Crowley shouted "Haggis!" and there was a blinding and heated light surrounding them. For a quick second, Dean listened to an inhuman and horrible wail from The Empty's direction. While at the same time, the whispers that they heard around them when they first arrived there place suddenly became louder. The presence of unseen entities was now even more apparent to Dean's senses.
The more it was mentioned, the more it felt like it was a foreshadowing, a sign that should need more attention than what the brothers were currently working on. That there was still a grand plan of something that was presently brewing as they lived their peaceful life. The reason behind the lack of saying what had happened in their lives
“I’m not exactly a going out type, except with these girls,” Patience waved her hands to her friends, “but I don’t hate this place as somewhere to unwind after a long hard day of study. Is it always this crowded?”
“Cas, Cas,
, it was even evident in your voice. It was different than when you tell your stories of working on cases.”
"Hey,
did that happen?” Abaddon finally reacted, her face went from shocked to concern in the counts of milliseconds, “No, seriously, Cassie, was it safe? I mean you were blacked out and all, he could do anything to you!”
“Oh? I thought you were on my age. I’m thirty four,” Dean leaned back on his chair, “lucky I stopped you from keep calling me Mr. Winchester. That would be awkward, you’re older than me and you called me like how my students would.”
"Why are you listening to Gabriel? He's not a good role model, you know?"
minutes than everyone else! I still don’t know
“Thanks, Cassie.”
The morning where everything officially begins, from family activities to frustration with the freckled-faced man.
“Shut up. The movie’s starting.”
Blue Remington probably not the name that you would expect from a bar, it sounded more like a lounge in some cheesy 80’s action film. The one with smokes flowing lazily to the air from the tables, gloomy and noir. Then on the platform, there was a man in a tuxedo playing the grand piano while the singer in a long dress that swept the floor serenaded the customers in her deep and husky voice.
it? What if they-?
Sam turned his attention from the meal before him to his brother, “Why?”
The dark-haired man turned to Dean and nodded at the question, only to have his brother moves from his side and pushed Cas to the Dean, then walked to Charlie and Sam.
Dean was slightly taken aback with the overly friendly tone, but then he realised that it probably was the nature of this man. He was British, anyway. Which came as a stereotyping after he thought of it. “Hi.”
flower bouquet? No! Don't listen to him, Dean. I'm fine going by myself, after all I'm quite sure I'll be having him over, and I have to drive him here anyway."
“It’s weekend, Cas. You don’t have to work on weekend, right?” Dean shrugged carelessly and finished his wine.
“Hey-” Dean was about to protest, but Rowena and Jack had disappeared from the room.
Cas smiled sheepishly at the comment as he replied, “Um, yes, Dean, it’s really me. Jack told me to come here, so here I am.”
Winchester,” he grumbled to himself, when the thoughts got even more imaginative, and continue with what he was doing.
“What, Sammy? Yeah, he wouldn’t mind. Don’t worry, Cas.”
Dean was beautiful, Cas had no argument to that.
is just as likely as the Earth is flat.
Dean had watched
meeting your brother.”
with.
Dean ran a hand on the back of his head and took his eyes off Cas, as if his boots suddenly had became so interesting. “I really want you to stay tonight. You-you don’t have to do anything. We don’t have to sleep in the same room, you can stay in one of the guest rooms.”
Dean left his brother, who was still finishing the rest of the fried chicken, and headed to the bathroom. He took a quick shower, then entered his bedroom to get ready for sleep. As he laid down on his back, staring at the ceiling, Dean could imagine how his cooking dinner date would be tomorrow, hopefully it would be even more amazing than the one they had at Cas’ apartment. Not that it was ugly that time, but if tomorrow’s better than they both must be in the right track.
Dean took his time to calmed himself, before finally showed Sam the pocket watch, that was squeezed under him when he fainted. "I, uh I found this in Baby this morning when I washed her."
“Okay, okay,” a pause filled in the conversation between the brothers, “you’re not …
“What? Yeah, why?” Dean pedalled the gas, and the black Impala rolled smoothly past the traffic light.
Now that he took a second look, the cafe was quite adorable. It reminded him of a vintage house in a European village, with brick stone walls, clay roofs, and a chimney. It might be a little out of place for this cafe to be located in the city, but with the park's surroundings — trees, greens, and all — it fits really well. As Castiel walked approaching the main building, he was in awe with the interiors. The walls filled with photos of customers and their animal buddies, then the ceilings were decorated with fake plants that created shades and a calming atmosphere.
“Nothing, Baz. I was watching everyone,” Cas replied. “Do you have a good time? Dean, why did you leave Balthazar? He’s your date tonight.”
The dentist smiled to two people before him, “Thank you, guys. So, come on, let’s have dinner.”
this time.”
“Why not?”
“Yes, Mr. Cain.”
“Nah, he
“Hey, we both different people, Cas, don’t have that pressure on you, but give it a go. You had that kale soup, right? That should be a good start.”
“You’re really cute, Cas,” Dean gave Cas’ lips another kiss before he let him go and turned around.
“God, you’re awesome, Cas.”
The man who owned the car let out a guilty grin as the accusation slipped out from his friend’s lips. “My dad took it out many years ago, I never had the time to put up another one.”
Dean followed Jack's advice to clean up himself, so he did more than brushing his teeth. He took a shower and washed his hair. Probably it was the talk that he had with Eileen and Jack that brought them to their first light at the end of the tunnel, or probably the fresh hot water that just rinsed his whole body. All Dean knew, as he walked out from the bathroom, he felt totally refreshed and ready to meet whatever the world will offer to him.
Bela chuckled, “Oh, that. Curiously, both men who held the exhibition owned the name of gods. Well, one of them, really. One’s of an angel.”
Cas was staring, he knew, but he really was attracted to Dean’s face like a moth to fire. He kept on staring until the next moment, when Cas had his breath hitched as he felt fingers brushed his hair. The insides of his chest drummed violently and he could hardly open his eyes from the pleasure having his hair stroked softly.
on opening a bottle of wine for moments where they have guests, that were not old friends or relatives.
But with Castiel … well, Balthazar cornered him during lunch time and started spilling him few basic information about the dentist, without asking Dean if he would like to know or not. Dean was quite sure, had he not stopped the excited blonde, he would’ve known Castiel’s favourite sex position by now.
“How’re you today, Jack?” he started, and immediately felt stupid with his question, since they just spent about an hour having brunch together. Jack was really involved in their plan to rescue Cas.
Dean sighed as he realised that Rowena might have a point. He then lowered himself on the chair across the one where the Scottish Queen was sitting. "I just remembered that Billie told me, when a Winchester died we're gonna go to The Empty, instead of Heaven or Hell. I thought that with this, I don't have to be half-dead to cross to The Empty. But then, I remember that we don't have Cas and Jack to heal me."
” Sam still couldn’t control his volume, as he stomped forward and pulled Castiel in a bone-crushing hug. “I’m so happy for you guys! Cas, I’m so glad that you’re back, and my stupid brother finally realised that he loved you too! Oh, my suffering days of unresolved sexual tension from you guys finally ended.”
Castiel just laid there, blinked and watched his children fight over the car - if he wasn’t mistaken. Sometimes Castiel wondered how did he manage to raise
It was unfortunate that Dean is allergic to cats, Castiel would love to have him back in his place. Probably watch a film on his couch, share the bed, or have breakfast together on the balcony while watching the city started to get active in the morning.
One of Dean’s high school friends, Benny, lived in the same city and told him about an opening at the school he worked at. So, Dean sent them his CV and only in one month time he was a PE teacher at said school.
for Dean. He suddenly understood why Cas was even more awkward than usual. “Oh, okay, okay. Come on in, Jack and Rowena are here.”
Hello, darling. Just got the news that the big boss will visit us tomorrow, and we will have dinner with him at 7pm.
There were no rules about sleeping with the roommate of your ex-one night stand, right? Could Castiel meet Dean again? Would Castiel meet Dean again?
“That’s rude. I always make myself look amazing for you, darling,” Bela teasefully ran her hand on the side of Dean’s face.
The expression on Sam’s face was even brighter than before, he turned to his big brother who had started the car, “Hey, Dean, do you think we can-?”
"It's, uh, just like what I told you before. It's the place where angels and demons go when they die."
“You’re cool, Cas,” Charlie added.
He couldn't help himself, Dean quickly sheathed Cas' cock with his mouth, while his hands were teasing the other man's nipples. He hummed in amusement while bobbing his head on Cas' shaft when he felt Cas thrashed underneath him because of the works of his mouth and fingers. Dean released Cas' cock in an agonising flow, and once he had Cas entirely out of his mouth, Dean ran his tongue all along the underside of the shaft. Just so he could make Cas released another filthy moan.
Cas knew that he could be socially challenged at times, and it might be irritating for some people around him. But Dean was the first one, outside his family and his college roommates, who thought of his weakness as something enjoyable.
“Hey, kid, let’s give them some time alone, shall we?”
"Yep," Sam showed the syringe to Rowena, who had her eyes widened at the size. "We reckoned since Jack had a Nephilim grace, it should be even more powerful than an archangel's."
Dean got up, “Oh, right. I think I have a laundry bag somewhere.”
“What?” Cas looked up and noticed he was few steps behind Dean, and quickly jog along to the other man. “Dean, why did you called me Peter Pan?”
The soft call from the man before him brought Dean to the moment he was in presently.
“Seriously?” both Dean and Charlie asked.
It was clearly lust that shadowed his eyes, and Dean loved this look on Castiel, so much. He couldn't keep his eyes off Castiel who was bouncing up and down on his dick and making obscene sounds and expressions, practically creating a show for Dean.
And now Cas felt something on the lowerer part of his lower back. Something clearly was
Dean turned to his brother, "We got it from-?"
Castiel sent a reply telling her to give him the address, and he would meet her there. Then he
Dean then felt Cas took his arm that was on the waist to his chest. “Good night, Dean.”
"Yeah, I really do hope so," Cas looked to the rear view mirror, and chuckled when he saw Claire stuck out her tongue to him. "Look, Claire, I'm sorry I abandoned you earlier. I know I promised you that I'll give you a company."
“Yes, a Mr. Winchester. His appointment will be at two,” Naomi put down her notes and gave Castiel another smile.
He’s finished?
butter — and orange juice in front of Castiel. Then the meal set of a cheese burger, chips, and orange juice in front of Abaddon.
happily when he slung his arm around his shoulders.
If only he was as sharp as
He lined off the phone with a sigh, as he always did whenever he finished a phonecall with Gabriel. Castiel then got up from the stool and walked back to the balcony – he put his phone on the coffee table as he passed. “Hey, sorry, that was my brother, Gabriel.”
“Thanks,” Dean smiled.
When they finally finished eating, Dean offered to wash the dishes since his brother and Eileen had cooked. Jack told Dean that he would help, which Dean accepted gratefully.
"Ouch," Dean chuckled and stepped to open the fridge, "anyway, you want some juice? Or maybe breakfast? I'm planning to make pancakes today."
steakhouse, and they had the most delicious steak he ever had, but for today his mood was for cheese burger. And mashed potato. And sautéed vegetables. While Crowley was having his steak rare. The young dentist looked out the window, he turned to his friend when he heard a shutter’s sound.
The answer from Dean had got Benny’s full attention, “Well, that’s interesting. What time is your appointment?”
the librarian.
"Interesting answer you've got there, human," The Empty finally spoke.
“What?”
At this point Cas was ready to found out that Dean had been lying to him and providing him with good explanation why he said that he had cat allergy when he invited the teacher into his place few weeks ago.
Castiel finally arrived at the bunker. With Juliet.
He really hoped that it wouldn’t be the case, since it was Jack who resurrected him.
“Yeah, I’m a te-,” another sneeze.
"You'll see," Dean answered with a smile before he planted another kiss on Cas' nose. It might be a fetish of his, but ever since he started to fantasise about having sex with Cas, he knew where their first time should be. And it
When the traffic before him halted on a red light and all looked out to him (some even chuckled and point), Castiel revised his oath, not to take the public transportation during morning rush hour anymore in the future.
“Isn’t it a little bit late for Claire?” Castiel snuggled himself next to his niece, who now say between her uncles.
Since it was Crowley who asked Castiel come with him to the place, both men rode in Crowley’s car. When they arrived, Castiel quickly bee lined to his favourite spot, in the corner and facing the entrance door. According to him, he could watch most of the room from that place, and he enjoyed looking around the place, watching people and how they would eat their food.
"Cas?"
This time it was Sam who chuckled, a bitter one. "Basically?
Cas chuckled and put the package on the kitchen table before helping with stirring the cuisine. “It started to smell delicious, Dean. I think we did well on this.”
the colour orange!” the small protest that came out from Cas’ mouth just invited Dean’s laughter to join. “I bought it just after I moved here, two years ago, I guess.”
"Sure you can," Dean smiled and kissed the back of Cas' hand, "also, um, I'm sorry I didn't stop you when you left, Cas. I'm sorry that I was so afraid to show or tell you how I truly feel. And what was worse, I was so afraid that my feelings would be so obvious that I started to mistreat you."
“Drinking at work again, Fergus?”
“Alright, boys, I guess I’ll see you soon,” Crowley waved before walking to his car, “thank you for the laugh!”
For a brief moment, everyone was silent and only stared at her, hoping that she would elaborate.
Dean lined off the phone, just in time Sam and Bela came to a halt before the table.
“As well,” there was a smile on Dean’s reply, “I’m interested in both, Cas.”
“H-h-hello, Dean,” he replied almost soundlessly. Little did Dean knew, Cas had his hands fisted his own pants, and hoping that his erection won’t show in an obvious way. Though, it’s probably a lost cause.
I mean, conversing with him was really nice and all, flowing and relaxed. It just seemed bizarre,” Castiel played with the dew on his milkshake glass.
Glaswegian band with a historical Archduke for a name. Even though he was quite sure, if he danced while running, there was a high probability that he'd
“No!”
“Sammy. Long story short, he played a part in school drama as an Alfie, and the name stuck with him.”
He finally peeled himself off Cas and let out a choked laugh when he saw Cas' still confused face looking back at him. Dean softly placed both of his hands on the side of his face. "You still looked the same."
As if in a sitcom, right after Dean said that his phone rang. There was a tangible silence for a few seconds for the few rings that follow. Both Rowena and Jack turned their attention directly to Dean, and that was his cue to take the gadget out from his jeans pocket and read the caller name on the screen.
When Dean finally caught up with Cas, he saw the dentist was holding up two packs of crackers with a big gummy smile on his face.
was just a TV series, and it should
"I've
Charlie leant her head to the gloomy man next to her, "I'm so sorry, Cas. Such an unfortunate coincidence, isn't it?"
Cas had the fingers on his right hand entwined with Dean's as he positioned himself on Dean's cock, then he lowered himself fully. He let out a soft groan as he sheathed Dean's cock fully, Cas then opened his eyes and looked at Dean with hooded eyes that were half-covered by his lashes.
Castiel left Claire to her search, "You saw that?"
"As expected."
But, he wouldn’t mind. He loved what he saw. From Claire, who was teasing Dean mercilessly about the food they’re currently having, to Gabriel who kept showing off his magic tricks to Sam and Charlie, and Balthazar … who kept helping himself to more serves.
“Good. What about you, Dean?”
bad?” there was almost a tone of sympathy in her voice, although she was certain Castiel would know better that it will be temporary.
“Oh yeah, sorry about that,” Dean leant his backside to one of the library tables and folded his arms. “We’re, uh, we’re really fed up with him controlling our lives in ridiculous ways. I mean, our lives are not Greek tragedies, you know?”
And with that, a thought just dawned on Dean. He had reached the point where he would do anything that Cas asked of him, as long as it can made the dentist smiles. Or blushing, whichever came first.
found anything reasonable, Sam. so I'm sorry if I think Crowley has the best idea now. We got everything we need, we tried it before, we got even more helping hands now."
"Have you finished with the flowers, Romeo?" Castiel asked his Husky, who had turned his attention to a feral cat nearby, along with Misha. Of course, they both earned a warning hiss from the long-haired tabby before it turned to run and climb a tree. "Okay, leave the poor cat alone, boys. We still have half a lap to go."
"You're The Empty?" Dean reworded his question and was met with a broader smile and a suggestive wink. He didn't like it. He couldn't accept that someone else used Cas' face and did that to him. So, Dean ignored the gesture and continued, "I want to see Castiel."
When he realised what his brain had created during the short time, his body froze. And also the brilliant pair of sapphire before him. They looked at Dean’s emeralds in awe, as if Dean was the whole world for Cas. Dean silently moved his fingers to the side of Castiel’s face, and when the tip of his finger touched Cas’ stubble, he quickly remember where they were.
"Then Cas suddenly thought that being trapped in the bunker's dungeon was the
“Well, you look good. You do. I mean, a little dead, but, uh, good. So, uh, you like the big boss or something?”
“Just dinner, Sammy. You guys can join us only on dinner,” Dean finished his coffee, and smiled triumphantly when he saw Sam raised his hands in defeat.
get it!” Dean shook his head softly and drank his beer, “Hey, you’re almost finished, where do you keep your plates? I’ll have the table set up.”
It was when Cas finished with his clothing and turned his sleepy face to Dean that woke him from the silence. As he walked to the chair to put his towel there, Dean asked, “So, which side you want?”
But his brain was currently on overload mode, many things popped up in his mind at one time, yet he couldn’t control it now and then. To add everything up, that one particular memory in the Archive Room would ‘explode’ and it made his head hurt, even his eyes.
The table continued to be the most cheerful table among the guests, and to Castiel’s delight, Dean and his group stayed with him and Claire until Gabriel and Bela finished with the exhibition’s opening. They met with Gabriel’s partner, Baldur. A handsome man with gorgeous accent, that Cas might had a go if he hadn’t met Dean. Or if Baldur was gay. He looked pretty much straight.
The three of them made a toast then sip the wine, and each of them made an awkward hum of appreciation for the wine. After exchanging smiles, they took another sip, and an even more awkward silence covering the air followed between them.
“Why do
Once again, Rowena showed that she could still catch Dean off guard. Her hug was surprisingly comforting, and Dean could feel as if the tensions in his body melted into tears that started to pool in his eyes. He didn't know if Rowena used any spell or what, but Dean realised that he needed it.
, Dean,” Sam jumped into the conversation.
Probably it was fate that made the little kitten mewed precisely at the time Castiel ran past him, even with Romeo on his feet. The gentle husky sniffed on the baby kitten and quickly laid down next to him as if protecting the poor creature. That was the time Castiel
“Guys, I-OH MY GOD!”
“Oh. Okay then.”
“Night,” Cas replied quietly, not actually care if his receptionist could hear him or not. He turned his head to Dean, not sure whether he wanted to continue what they were doing before or not. To his surprise, Dean had sat up on the chair, looking at him. “Sorry,” Cas said almost a whisper, and looked down to his hands. Even his erection was upset at that and decided to deny further reaction.
Those were three simple words that came as an answer, but the effect on Dean was magnificent. He could feel his knees weakened and he could feel his jeans got even tighter than before at the look of Castiel’s naughty face.
Even from reading the ingredients, Castiel could feel the freshness and deliciousness in his throat and body.
There was a deafening silence in the library for a few moments. When he felt that it had become too awkward, Castiel decided to conclude his story, "Then, as it promised, The Empty came to claim me."
“Does this have anything to do with the absence of a certain handsome angel? Where is he? I would love to see him drunk,” she then started to look around the bunker, in the hope that the handsome angel in question would suddenly walk in from one of the hallways of the bunker and greet them.
you and Claire, obviously.”
“Since
"After all, this new era could be the time to reset the Winchester family trait.
“I’ll be back,” the lady turned on her heels and headed to another booth. She clearly missed out the two grown-up children who were now giggling to their menu book.
“Hello, Dean,” said Cas softly, with an expression that was torn between surprise and excitement.
“I bet.”
Hearing that, Dean decided that he might as well tell his brain that he never had any information about one Castiel Novak from Balthazar, except the fact that they used to be lovers.
Someone who ensured Dean that he wasn’t the person that he always thought he was.
“Kinda envy him for the ‘still is’ part.”
"Are you crying?" his little brother asked lightly. He might have expected that the big brother would be emotional when this moment happened, but he still didn't see it coming.
“Your smile went wider and wider the more you stare at that phone of yours,” Benny ignored Dean’s protest and sat on the table. “Someone interesting, brother?”
“H-hi! Thank you!”
"So much for being smitten, eh?"
"Dude, you're such a child. Come on, before Sam and Eileen returned."
“I know, Dean, I’m okay,” as if on cue, his voice started to shook from the cold that started covering him.
Naomi told him that she’s leaving? Usually she just went. “That’s okay, Naomi. I’ll lock up. Enjoy your weekend.”
The research that they did went for hours, for some reasons, Rowena kept on providing liquor to accompany their study. The bottle of wine and whiskey that she brought the first time had finished around two hours since they started flipping the pages.
finally!" Sam was about to move to his brother and his best friend before Crowley stopped him.
Underwears! Hang on, I still have a brand new one.”
“So, you gonna let us know if you heard anything about crossing to The Empty?”
“Cassie,” Balthazar suddenly pushed Dean aside and wrapped Cas in a tight hug. “I miss you, gorgeous.”
Dean snickered, "Sorry, honey, this bar's no longer open for business. Although, look at you, sporting the naughty school girl perfectly."
He didn’t mean it. By God, Cas didn’t mean it, but he just fucking giggled. Fuck, he felt like a teenager!
Although, speaking of tables, most of them seemed occupied tonight, even it was still a little past eleven.
The one that was closer to the entrance door started to step in, and that was the moment the big brother decided to take action, jumped on the masked man and slashed the head off with the machete in his hands.
A light chuckle came from the other line after Cas’ stutter, sent a trigger to his face muscle to make a smile. “Talk again tomorrow, Cas?”
"First of all, why are you-no,
"So what made you accepted to be Death?" Dean tried to change the subject and hopefully can take Crowley's mind out of whatever he was thinking about.
When Cas heard an excited bark came from one of the rooms, he knocked on the door, and heard Sam replied him with an invitation. Inside, he saw Sam and Charlie were playing with Juliet, and the dog was jumping happily on Sam’s bed.
Cas knew that he could live with that.
After Abaddon left, both Charlie and Castiel returned to their seats. While doing so, Charlie also called the waiter guy who happened to serve a table next to them. They made another order of a beer bucket and more chips. After saying thank you to, Charlie turned to Castiel. “By the way, your sister?
“You never asked about his work?”
Dean smiled weakly to Rowena before he got up to his feet, “Nothing. We were just ... assessing the situation. So, hey, how’re y’all doing?” He walked closer to the Queen of Hell to provide her with a warm hug. Dean didn’t even realise that he actually
“I think Chuck sent you to a dimension that was neither here nor anywhere, probably something like a limbo. Also, no, you weren’t dead, your family weren’t dead. Surprisingly, even though the rest of the planet seemed to a few days ago.”
“Oh, um,” Dean took a gulp of his beer, then he cleared his throat.
“Uh, I can look on the back, Doctor,” she offered as she stood up from her chair.
“Enough with teasing Sam, Dean,” Ellen started, “what about you? You never brought anyone here to meet us. A boy with your look, I found it hard to believe that you never have any girlfriends.”
Oh wow, look at them Hits and Kudos! Thanks very much, guys! Y'all area awesome!
“That one I believe,” Sam chuckled and took out his phone from his pocket, and on the next second he announced, “So get this … Bela just texted me that she will be in town next week, she will be curating some sort of …. what’s this? Candy exhibition?”
But that wasn’t how John Winchester worked, apparently.
The dentist had made a non-straightforward explanation.
“Mick, fuck me.
Castiel smiled at that, "I understand, Dean, and I expect you to do the same to me. Also, please refrain from killing yourself. I mean, no more locking yourself in a Ma'lak Box and asking Sam and me to throw you to the Pacific Ocean."
“Yes, Naomi?”
“Yeah, I reckon,” Dean absent-mindedly placed a hand softly on Cas’ lower back and led him to the side since there was a group of people about to pass, guided by Bela, who threw a smile to both of them. Somehow the invitation to step aside went further to a slow walk around the room.
A piercing scream made Castiel winced, and he quickly searched for the source. It was from the table with a family. Father and mother were busy with their three children. The elder one was fighting and screeching over something with the younger ones. The toddler in the mother’s arm started to cry from the noises its siblings made.
Dean raised his eyebrows as Sam wolfed down a chocolate and peanut doughnut, “So, we talked about relationships over a box of doughnuts in the middle of the night, is this high school?”
Then he got up and brought his hand to touch the face, to caress the chiselled jaw and cheekbones. They were
“No,” Jack replied shortly, “I was concluding from our times together since I was born.”
The light brown haired man groaned softly before continued his story, “I don’t know, he was … interesting. His stories, the way he told them, God, even the way he moved around in his kitchen while cooking dinner was interesting. There were these glints in his eyes whenever he’s telling stories, and it could be different for each story.”
Furthermore, to
“What?” Cas asked nervously.
“My last patient for the day is up in half hour. Why?”
Working on Saturday night wasn't something new for Castiel. He enjoyed the quiet campus library, his colourful teammates, also ... the new librarian. Although it was all on different kinds of enjoying.
“Shut up, Sammy.”
“How many brothers do you have?” Dean asked and sipped his tea.
“So … dinner
That was why Dean wanted, no, he
Before the dark haired man had approved what his brain was planning, his lips had released five words, “You want to come up?”
There was an unusual tone in the other man's voice when he said that, and it was hardly missed by Dean. He couldn't help to wonder if Crowley was thinking that he might have missed being human, or probably
“Yeah, Gabriel can be a handful,” Cas leaned his back on the chair, unaware that Dean was moving forward on the table, leaning his body weight on his crossed arms over the furniture. “But he really loved his brothers and sisters. Even towards Lucifer, he was the rebel of the family. I was kinda surprised that Lucifer took the path as a lawyer, I mean considering how mischievous he was as a youngster.”
, you know.”
Dean returned to his chair, "Yeah, so at least she's happy now in Heaven."
Gabriel unwrapped a lollipop and put it in his mouth, "Yeah, I reckon," he said with a slight mumble, "saw you two kissing outsi-
had to go. "So, um, do you mind telling Benny, when he's back, that I-?"
Dean then ran his tongue from Cas' collar bone, through his throat and Cas' chin tip. As he saw the man before him looking down on him again, the blues of his eyes were now mere sapphire rings around the blown pupils. Dean then brought Cas to the wooden table that was across the bed and laid him down there.
“That’s Gabriel!”
Dean didn’t know whether Sam knew that he wanted to be with Cas, or probably something else, but he couldn’t help to smile at Sam’s statement.
casts, of course.
“Tell me about it,” Dean huffed, “but I’m more used to driving that riding a bike, so …”
“Why, yes, my dear. I teach Art,” Balthazar flirted with a smile, and it made Charlie gasped excitedly.
“Are you telling him about …?” Dean paused his question for a second, as if waiting for Cas to continue.
Another soft laughter was heard from the speaker, “I just waved to the monitor, not remembering that you can’t see me,” Cas said with a low giggle.
“Fantastic,” Castiel walked with short steps since he still had his pants down to his thigh. Luckily, it wasn’t that hard to spot the toilet paper. Although he found something even better, a kitchen towel, that was curious enough was available here. But, this curious thing helped Castiel tonight so that he won’t question it. “You want?”
“Okay, Dean.”
Dean turned to his brother, “What do you mean?”
Of course he
But this is
The host gave him a salute that Castiel returned with a light wave before he walked out of the flat. It was convenient that Dean and Benny’s unit was on the ground floor and right in front of the main street. After a few steps, Castiel turned slowly, wondering if he could catch a glimpse of Dean through the curtains on the window, that he recognised would look to the kitchen. But, he couldn't see past it. Obviously.
Peace surely didn't last long for the brothers, they found a case that not only took them back down memory lane, but also might hold something bigger.
“Great. I, uh, I like it that we’re good,” Dean smiled sheepishly and earn a wider one from Cas.
“Oh, thanks. Glad you like it. If you drop by on weekdays, you can try it,” Dean couldn’t hide the pride he felt when hearing how one of the younger guests loved his idea of having a pinball machine in the bar.
"The first time we met him," Dean began while pouring another serving of whisky, "he was in this Liberace-styled house. With a smooth beat song that sounded so dirty playing, holding a glass of whiskey. He had this sexy Scottish-French vessel that talked with an accent, and he also wore a v-neck shirt and rings. He was very seductive to Cas."
Dean narrowed his eyes at the explanation, while having his brain rolled back his memory archive. “No, I don’t think I’m like that, Balz. Believe me.”
This time, Dean groaned in frustration, but he kissed Cas all the same as he pulled his cock out entirely, then lifted the other man while still kissing him and brought him to the bed.
For the second time that week, Castiel felt a peculiar regret inside his chest that he didn’t get to take a good look at that man. What are the odds that he went for his late lunch, and there
When he saw the inner ends of Charlie’s eyebrows dove and united even lower on her forehead, Castiel finally replied, “I need a break?”
Based on the stories Dean told him when they first get acquainted, Sam seemed like a huge role in Dean’s life, and it would be better for Cas to get closer to Dean if Sam liked him.
The Nephilim suddenly dropped to the floor with his eyes closed, causing a short alarm between the three adults in the room. Sam and Dean quickly leapt towards Jack and tried to wake him up.
There was an uncomfortable silence on the phone between them. Had this be a conversation with any of his former lovers, Dean would lined off as fast as he could out of annoyance. But, he couldn’t do that with
“Oh, Cassie, darling.”
To everyone's surprise, there was a visible expression of excitement on Crowley's face when he saw Eileen was communicating with him using sign language. Another surprise was when Crowley willingly responded to Eileen in the same fashion. For a quick moment, they both were conversing in sign language that none of the others could follow, including Sam.
A smile appeared on Crowley's face that could pass as a fond smile when he heard the words that came out from Jack. "You seemed like a decent man for someone who had Lucifer as a father. Did these boys teach you well? Moose, Squirrel, Fea-"
Benny listened patiently with a slow nod during the story, until Dean took a little too long pause, he took it as the cue for him to respond. “And that is bothering you because …?”
Hi y'all! Sorry for the time gap between the previous chapter and this one! But, it's still going, don't worry!
Jack joined his father and his sister, then took the book from Claire’s hands, “How come you never tell us much about grandfather, Dad?”
Dean continued his words when he saw that Cas didn't answer, or most probably couldn't answer. Exactly the mirror of how Dean was when Cas confessed his love.
“Balz, is Castiel really had a brother named Sammy?”
“Oh, cool. I wonder what you wrote about me there. Please don’t make me give up pie, Doctor,” Dean let out a flirtatious smile with the last sentence, that made Cas quite sure he got an instant fever. “Hey, Cas, what is that? Your lunch?”
“I feel better,” the young lad replied, “I’m looking forward to trying again today, Dean. I hope we can do it this time, and if we can’t, I’m sure we can come up with something.”
"A mystery to myself as well, I mean you both were irritating to watch. Frustrating even. How did you not know that the angel's been in love with you until he told you, Dean?"
When the dark haired man turned around, he saw that Dean was still holding the door open with his back, and looking far to the city. The look on his face was so divine, and Castiel froze on his spot.
Dean raised his eyebrows at that, “Well, you didn’t tell me yourself about Gabriel’s thing here.”
"Misha, no!
With what Bela had told him, Dean honestly didn't know how to react to that. That was so much information that he received in ten minutes.
Dean walked closer to Cas and had him standing face to face with him, then Cas felt a comfortable weight on his shoulders as Dean circled his arms lightly around there, “You’re cute like a puppy,” he answered and kissed Cas’ cheek lightly.
The heated multilingual conversation stopped abruptly, when a voice with a thick Irish accent, and spoke in plain English, came among them. The whole table turned their heads in unison to whoever came to their table and used a common language that they have known very well. It was a dark-haired man in a white shirt and sharp dark blue pants. His bright hazel eyes twinkled cheekily - an unmistakable Irish charm - and the smile on his face was friendly, although if you squinted there was a hint of hope there.
Dean groaned, “You’re right. Hey, check the fridge for me, is there anything I can snack.”
"Yeah," Castiel replied shortly, although he noticed that from the way Dean talked and how he sounded, the situation between him, Abaddon, and Castiel also caused a burden for Dean. "I had a good time talking with you, Dean. Both times."
Both men laughed at that before they did what they were so used to do, eye-fuck, only this time it was more like eye-tender-love-making, that followed with a soft kiss before they lounged inside Baby. Cas laid down on top of Dean, and the hunter kissed the head that full of ruffled dark hair every once in a while.
“Exactly,” Sam noted as he followed his big brother out from the room to the centre of the house. “It’s
Reflexively, Castiel pulled his phone away from his ear and looks at the time showed on the gadget. “It’s still five-fifteen, I thought he was my six o’clock?”
"Technically, it's quite easy," Crowley replied as he helped himself with another glass of scotch. "If you had yourself an audience with The Empty, then you can ask to see Cas. I can help with that part.
stuck. Again. The man with dirty blond hair grunted and made a mental note to check on it later.
Dean sneezed before looking at the folder with his name on it, “That sounds good, but is it alright if you make it after hours? After four?”
the room. His jeans were on one end-corner of the mattress, his t-shirt somehow landed on the telly across the bed, and his jacket was on the floor. He tried to search for his underwear, but he couldn't find it, and he was still too lazy to get up and searched.
, you are. You’re our kid, Cas’, Sammy’s, and mine. Even if your power is low, we’ll still gonna protect you and accept you.”
to do that for a long time, Cas," Dean's husky voice filled Castiel's ear, then he let out soft laughter that sounded weird. It was more like someone being in pain than happy, "Don't leave me again. I know it wasn't your fault, but seeing you died, again and
The younger brother turned his face to the older one, "What do you mean?' asked a very confused Castiel.
The short haired man smiled at the message, then he made a mental note to call Castiel on his way to the car while continued packing his bag. After making sure that he didn’t left anything, Dean waved goodbye to his colleagues, who were still lounging around there before heading out to his car (Balthazar and Benny were unseen, probably they had left when he was still teaching).
Again, Dean’s statement made Cas laughed, “It should! But, different story happened; Gabriel came to me and took my hand to take me aside. He said to me, ‘Don’t step on that fish, Castiel. It’s still alive.’ Then he lifted up the fish and returned it to the sea.”
of family and friends of the Winchesters. Like Chuck had. And by the way, what was that place I was sent to by Chuck? Did I die? Did my family die?”
“Bye, Gabe.”
Amara laughed at Dean’s comment, “Dean, I'm sorry that I can't help you with The Empty, but I sincerely hope that you can rescue Castiel from The Empty. I guess my brother locked me away that long that I'm oblivious of so many things in the universe. I honestly don’t know about The Empty, nor Death. Who, apparently, had changed since our first meeting until now.”
Both Dean and Balthazar looked up from each of their reading materials, “Yes, Mr. Cain,” and they both responded in unison as if a pair of obedient school students.
Rowena blinked at Dean's story, that could probably mean awe or confusion, "That was surprisingly simple."
“I recognise that face,” he finally told his little brother.
Would he be able to meet that angel again? Now they were in a dead-end to find anything that could help them pass to The Empty?
Another laughter was released from Dean's mouth, "No. I think it started around two years ago? We just got along well with Rowena. I think after her son, Crowley, the former King of Hell, died."
Didn’t get a chance to look at him.”
“Oh yeah, so you’re ready for that now, Jack?” Dean turned to the Nephilim who was drinking his beer with a straw. He set his tired look right away when he saw that, “Really?”
Cas returned the smile with a soft chuckle.
“Yeah, yeah, I was telling Dean about the aftercare for his treatment when you came. You?”
Once again in the span of a few minutes, the cerulean blue eyes widened in puzzlement. Saw them again made Dean smiled lovingly, as he craned his neck to plant a quick kiss on Cas’ lips. “Just do it.”
How was Jo doing? It had also been a while since Dean talked to her. Dean remembered how Ellen used to scowl at him because he took Sam and Jo going for an ‘adventure’ during summer holidays, playing in the pond near their house, climbing the trees to see how their town looked like from above, or cycling around the neighbourhood until her clothes was all dirty. He used to wonder why did Ellen only snapped at him, then he remembered that he was the oldest of them three. Not that it changed anything, he kept taking his younger ones to have adventures with him.
Dabb's pie fair.
“Hello, Cas.”
“Thank you for the weekend, guys,” she said cheerfully and collected her bags.
Dean smiled and says thank you to the woman, who then continued her Korean drama entertainment. For few first seconds of walking down the hall, Dean wondered why did she looked like a neglected off-a-bad-relationship ex? What had he done to him, except interrupting her watching?
Sam rolled his memory for few seconds before confirming, “Blonde, flamboyant, British accent?”
“Found it,” Sam’s voice boomed in the library, as he raised his hand that was holding a wooden box. “Now, please bear in mind that this device was made decades ago, or probably centuries ago where the technology wasn’t as advanced as now.”
Castiel closed his eyes, he was supposed to see the man at six, is it
from his experience last night.
“Okay, fellas, I’m finished for the day!” Gabriel announced cheerfully, “Thank you for looking after my brother and niece.”
“What do you mean with ‘he should be done now’? Would he come here?”
Dean suddenly bursted out laughing with all his body, right there in front of the vegetables. He didn’t care people were looking at him, he didn’t care that they were talking and questioning him, all he care about right now was he had Cas in front of him, doing odd things that was not dental-related, and he’ll be taking him home after this.
“It was clear as a day on your face when you told the stories, silly,” Garth chuckled again as he heard Dean’s question. “If I can say, whenever you told me the stories about Cas, I could see that you were the
There was a new voice that made Dean froze on the spot where he stands, and he was still wasn’t sure what triggered such reaction from his body. Was it from the feminine voice, or the fact that Cas was called as ‘Uncle’, which means it was Claire. A family member of Cas’.
“So, what do you need to talk about, brother?” Benny asked and took a big bite of his cheeseburger.
Cas knew he just shown Dean one of his best smiles after that answer. Or maybe just one of his creepy smiles.
"Many. Interesting enough, each of them had a version of us. The one we discovered first was the one with the Winchester bloodline ended with our father. Hence, the apocalyptic ambience and Cas was this somewhat Nazi-like angel soldier."
"Whatever for?"
“Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, and
“Yes, Dean,” Sam chuckled at the note from his big brother, that reminded him to the days when they were younger. “I’ll be having dinner with Jess anyway.”
“Of course, I had waited for you like a good girl here, Dean,” Balthazar closed and locked his apartment door behind him, then he walked next to Dean while having his arm linked to the other man. “So, who’s coming with us?”
What he saw before him really took his breath away. Cas was laughing with a kitten in his arms and the little creature was trying to get his nose. At one point, Dean was happy that the sorrow from Cas’ face had disappeared, but on the other hand, he was a kind of jealous that the happiness was for the cat, not him.
"Dean," Cas shifted, so he was now had his chin on Dean's chest, "I love it. Thank you for accepting me here."
, I guess?” Castiel closed the menu book and put it aside. “My best bet was he didn’t think it through when he took me to his place. Unfortunately enough, I woke up later than him. But, fortunately for me, I met his oh-so fucking
But he was too slow.
“Wow, Sammy, I’m surprised you know the timeline,” responded Dean. “Come on, it’s called guilty pleasure, like you and that marshmallow nachos thingy.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel took his leather jacket off, not knowing what his movement did to the man sitting in front of him, then he sat before Dean and took the menu. “Have you ordered anything?”
that can be happened on it.
“Yeah, man,” and it seemed his laughter was contagious to Dean, “Sam and his plus one, Charlie, will surely be coming with us, we’re gonna pick her up first anyway, and the Balz just have to blurt, ‘Oh, you
The car was amazing, and as Dean had said, it wasn’t hard to picture its anthropomorphic figure as a woman. A strong badass woman. Its paint was perfect shade of black, and the shape had its own class. Even though it probably in its forties, but it had more grace than today’s car.
“And no one cares. And no one remembers you. You're just forgotten.”
The master of the room blinked once when he heard his name was called. Dean realised that he was vacant. “Yeah, Cas?”
, Dean,” the French responded in a purr that made Dean wanted to slap him. With his mouth.
He found the toilet just before the stairs to the second floor. It wasn’t a big place, but somehow was really bright, due to the combination of white lights and wall paint. Dean chose the cubicle that was furthest from the door and starts his business while playing Sudoku on his mobile phone. It took him a while before his mind wandered back to the blue-eyed man. And his smile, the light smile that made the corners of his eyes wrinkled slightly. And the hand holding his phone, Dean never knew someone could own beautiful hands like that.
Then Cas realised that by answering so, it might be sounded worse than saying that the man across the line is the man that he currently smitten of.
Dean paused and looked accusingly to Cas, then to Charlie. “Should we braid Sam’s hair?”
silent treatment of each other. I would listen to the story of how you two got together in
The man woke up right after the alarm on his nightstand rang. Eight in the morning. He tapped the top of the alarm to shut it off, and rolled to his back before he pushed himself to sit up on his side of the bed, practically providing a vacant spot on his side. He stretched and looked around to find his bedroom was just as messy as it was when he went to sleep last night. His jeans hung on the half-opened drawer, and there were a camouflage shirt and a flannel shirt thrown carelessly on the green chair. Moreover, there were beer bottles spread around all over available tables and shelves.
Dean was sure that the flush of heat that filled his face was sourced from the insides of his stomach that evaporated and coloured his cheeks.
“Can I see it, Dean?”
Castiel was taken aback by the defensive tone, but then he saw Dean’s expression turned apologetic and he leaned back again on the chair after another sneeze. The man in the white robe took this as his cue to continue his explanation, “It could be from many reasons, Dean, but probably from the way you brush your teeth. It’s quite common, though,” Castiel quickly added before Dean had another hard tone, “many people missed a spot here and there while brushing their teeth. I-I could help you with that.”
This time the Death, who had found himself a glass of scotch from one of the drinking tables, smiled smugly as he sat on one of the chairs, "You and Mother weren't the only ones with a secret plan, Squirrel. See, when you told me about what Jack said, I had a quick chat with the young lad about it. I asked him what happened that made The Empty so upset about making it loud. I told him to walk me through it."
“Good. by the way, you had that motorbike long, Cas?” for some reasons Dean couldn’t stop smiling with this odd arrangement of talking on the phone.
Although the dentist didn’t said his name, but Dean would love him to say his name with that kind of voice. In bed.
Castiel groaned and landed his hands on Mick’s head, then started to fuck the Irish man’s mouth. He let out a gasp of surprise when Mick grabbed his ass tightly, then with the same torturous pace as before the librarian pulled himself off Castiel’s dick while swirling his tongue all along the thick shaft. Castiel’s groan was shut when Mick suddenly attacked his lips, transferring the taste of precum into his mouth.
"We're trying to come up with something, Dean. Something that doesn't include being dead or making deals with
Out of Cas’ expectation, Sam gave him a surprised expression, “Lucifer?” Sam paused and only continued after Castiel nods as the answer, “Not Lucifer
The small pack of dip had exchanged hands and Dean read what was on the lid. It’s Thai, it got capsicum, lime, and chestnut. Sounds delicious. “No, I haven’t, Cas. Guess I will give it a try tonight.”
It was a quiet drive to Hastings, Minnesota. Dean knew why he didn’t say a word, but he couldn't help to wonder why Sam and Jack were quiet. Perhaps it was just an exhausting day. It cost them physically, and mentally, even though this felt like a victory for them.
know you, Dean Winchester. I saw you in the angel's mind. Boy, the thoughts he had of you, The Almighty wouldn't be so pleased with him. So, how are you here?" The Empty cackled.
Not this time.
“Misha’s fine, Dean. Thank you for asking,” right after he answered that, Cas quickly understood the feelings of proud parents when someone was asking about their children. Little trivial things really could give a certain warmth to the insides. “You’re working early tomorrow, Dean?”
“That’s good, Cassie!”
Just like most of the other days when he went for a run, Castiel took Misha as well. The miniature panther seemed to enjoy going for a walk with his husky big brother and his human. It might have something to do with the story of how Misha came to Castiel's path at this very park.
one?”
"I was here last week," answered Gabriel, "although I didn't see you."
Dean chuckled when he learnt Cas didn't lose his sass even as a human. "Well, for starters, you can use my last name," he smiled when he saw Cas raised his eyebrows in surprise, "I mean, we can't have you around only with Castiel as the name, right? It would be, um, unusual."
“Thanks, Cas.”
“But, of course.”
seasoning from last week. Are you still up for it?”
The rest of their journey was filled with laughter and teasing from the three other people in the car, and Dean as the one with the grunting and groaning in protest.
"Did you give your demons an allowance to buy us dinner?" Dean asked as he poured more Shiraz, a question that probably sourced from all the drinking he did and was met with a mysterious and knowing smile from the lady. Dean decided not to ask further.
Bobby then muttered fondly, “Idjits.”
"More, Dean.
of the words that came out from his mouth.
“Maybe in fifteen minutes, Claire. I just need to use my bathroom for a sec, then we’re off,” Castiel answered while taking his turn to the upstairs.
As he saw the toothy smile, Dean could feel the typhoon inside his chest was shying away and replaced by warmth that was quickly filling up his chest with a familiar comfort, like the one he had when talking with Cas over beer at his balcony, or discussing films at one of his favourite restaurant.
"Cas, I'm really sorry about … us."
The phone switched from Dean’s face to a room filled with chairs and desks, it looked like a teacher’s common room, based on the paper piles over the desks, and the coffee table with low couches around it for staffs to lounge between classes. The view on Cas’ phone started to move, first it was moving slightly upwards, showing that Dean was standing up from his seat, then the room started to spin slowly.
“And you also have a new patient appointment for tomorrow, Doctor.”
,” Bela leant forward on the table. “God, I miss you two! It’s been
It supposed to be easy to get upset with his brother for this topic, but the poor kid just seemed like he would pick any topic so he could have a conversation going with Bela, so Dean decided to let him go. Even though it’s hard when Sammy’s looking like he just stole Dean’s piggy bank and used it to buy the whole vegetable in a farmer’s market.
Rowena smiled smugly, "Of course. I'm the Queen of Hell," she said as she clapped twice from where she sat. A few seconds of silence in the library before a familiar female's voice in a British accent was heard in the room.
“Dean,” his eyes widened (if it was still possible) and it looked like he could cry at any moment, and it somehow made Dean’s chest hurt. He didn’t want that look to stay on Cas’ face.
Was this still Chuck’s doing?
“Fuck you,” Cas shot, and it made Dean was slightly taken aback with a laugh. Apparently Cas had made himself really proper for Dean all this time, that even swearing came as a surprise for him.
“Yeah, yeah, sure. You can look inside the closet, Dean.”
know me?"
“How is you and my brother related, again?” asked Dean with a thick accent of eye-roll.
“Come on, Cas,” the way Dean whispered softly near his ear was nowhere near helping.
said it?” Crowley let out a grin when his question found what it wants and made his friend blushed. “Ah, there it is, the famous blush. Last time I saw that was when you had a major crush for Balthazar. So, who was he?”
They might not be what people said an ideal bunch, but Dean wouldn’t mind calling these people his family.
“Thank you, Dean, the whisky is fine. Well, my adventure in The Empty was brief, even briefer than my first time. Both were thanks to Jack, who rescued me from there both times. Thank you, Jack.”
For a while, the bunker felt like home again for Dean. Although he couldn't help to diss himself for thinking that that night was a relaxing moment, even without Cas. They shared boxes of pizzas (which suspiciously had a very Italian name on the lid, and didn't look like anything Dean had seen from the pizza parlours in town). Everyone also shared stories to catch up with their lives.
How ironic is it that Castiel couldn't get Dean, because he was going out with his
"Guys, I'm so happy for you two. Dean, finally, you got your head out of your ass!"
Eileen then presented Dean with a plate full of sandwiches and placed it in the middle of them. "I made this for us. I reckon you would be hungry when you woke up and needed some comfort food. I can't make pies, sorry."
Benny. Did that sound like the name of a man Castiel would sleep with last night?
And with that, Castiel was jerked back to reality, that he was on the phone with his big brother.
in the bunker as well. Charlie said that she found new series that she thought Dean would like, maybe he should remind her about that and ask when will she show him that.
So, Dean went to take one of the fastest showers he ever had.
Castiel leered to his daughter and smiled, “That sounded like a good idea. Although, I don’t want us to be there at the same time without noticing the other, and this goes to you too, Jack.”
Pamela loved to work at the bar, mixing and experimenting, most of the time she would give out two or three shots of her newest creation for free during Happy Hours. She was also the one who wouldn't be afraid to go and
Charlie.
With that word, Dean suddenly recalled Cas’ voice when they talked on the phone before. He
tree growing in the centre of the cafe. Not only that, but the tree also went through the roof and was decorated with smaller plants. Underneath the tree, some bowls were filled with water for the animal guests.
“Thanks, Dad,” both of his children replied in unison.
The next few hours had Castiel busy with the flow of patients entering his practice, he had barely time to have his lunch. It was almost three in the afternoon when he finally had a break, and Castiel quickly checked with Naomi if he had anyone booked in near time. When the receptionist told him that he will be free for the rest of the afternoon, Castiel let out a relieved sigh then went back to his office, to have his lunch.
Terribly sorry, guys!
"When people got Thanos-snapped by Chuck, you and Jack went to save people from the other universe. While Cas and I-we went to Billie's place and tried to have her stopped the killings, remember?" he looked up to Sam, who nodded without saying anything. He continued, "Well, the plan went bust. Turned out it wasn't Billie in the first place, it was Chuck. But she was already pissed that I hurt her with her scythe. That apparently was a lethal wound for her. So, instead of us confronting Billie, we had her
It would be very concerning, considering that Castiel was
They laid down there, enjoying the bliss and catching their breaths. After a few moments, Dean felt Cas' two fingers were on his forehead. Dean chuckled and kissed the top of Cas' head. "You can't do that anymore, Cas. You're human, you have to do the hard way. Get your ass up, walk to the bathroom, and take a shower to clean yourself up."
"So, The Empty was a place where it was all dark and silent, but somehow this entity could notice when there was a loud noise in it?"
“No, only cats. I’m sorry if I offended Misha yesterday.”
far to save Cas. “I could ask around if you want, Dean. Maybe someone could have information about it. But I can't promise it would be fast.”
Sam climbed out the Impala with a chuckle, “You looked kind of butch, Dean, and it surprised me that you’re bothered more on the facts that we’re
* * *
The taller man chuckled at the answer and pulled a trolley off its line, then pushed it to the fresh produce area. Cas was still following Dean, while looking at his phone, from the look of it he might be sending text. Or trying to be, since he looked so stressed out with his phone.
the librarian?”
So he did. Mick pounded Castiel on that desk.
He gulped the whisky as the room came to his vision, hoping that the alcohol could help him to function better. Carefully, Dean opened the door and looked inside the room.
The blinks were replaced by a choke. “What?”
. When the door had finally opened, Dean Winchester hissed victoriously and steps into the house that he dubbed ‘The Bat-Cave’. He turned the lights on and put his keys on the bowl next to the door, then walked down the stairs and strolled to his room to drop his bag and jacket. Dean later fell himself on the living room’s couch in front of the television and surf the channel for some moments before stopping on a sitcom.
The older brother scoffed and followed. It wasn't long before Castiel closed his eyes that he heard his phone vibrated. He took it and read the name on the screen, and smiled.
Claire made a mock disgusted sound, “Well, at least you have a good taste in men, Uncle Cassie. Balthazar and … Dean.”
This time there was a long pause before he replied to Charlie, "I don't even know I could feel this way towards someone, Charlie."
“What? What?”
The small group then left Dean’s room and headed to the war table. The one place in the bunker that can be considered as the “living room”, where everything happened. There and the library. Sam told the guests to make themselves at home while he went to the kitchen to get some wine glasses. Dean started with small talks with Rowena and Jack while waiting for Sam to return.
about ‘my boyfriend’?” Castiel felt his palms were sweaty and hurted, apparently he was holding the steering wheel too tight. But, he never expected that his niece would know about him this soon, and it caught him a bit off guard.
,” Gabriel smiled and cocked his eyebrows.
Castiel."
salad, please?"
Dean shrugged at the suggestion, “No, I haven’t. But, maybe you’re right, I’ll go ask the HR. Thanks, Balz!”
Dean lifted up his head from the desk and looked at Benny sharply. “I need to talk to you. Lunch?”
He heard it, the emphasising on "anything". Should Dean tell his brother about Cas? How he had been pining for the angel for
“Oh, you’re working?” Castiel asked absent-mindedly as he filled out the form.
As if a button inside was pressed, Cas chuckled at Dean’s answer, “I had found the recipe, so how do you want to do this? Me sending it to you or …?”
Without waiting for his guest’s response, Castiel dashed up to his bathroom and let out a long sigh when seeing his silver ring next to the basin. He quickly wore the ring and jogged down the stairs, while grabbed the two mugs on the coffee table.
The two brothers then continued to process the information from the sergeant and their father’s journal to predict where the vamp-mimes would go next. Also, the pattern of families that they would target. Then they planned out a way to outsmart the vamp-mimes.
Dean smiled when he saw Cas answered his question with a silent nod.
“Because you’re blushing
“I’m not gonna lie to him, Uncle Cassie,” Claire’s answer sent cold shiver to her uncle’s spine, “but, I probably can tweak something if he asked. Make everything genderless, perhaps?” the girl smiled cheekily.
in bed, and they both usually switched on their sexual adventures.
that his children needed parents - or parent - to raise them. Not only as fund support, and let the elder child took care of the younger one as the father went to work from dawn until dark. There were so many things in life that Dean would love to have his father explained them to him, or experience them with him.
"As for your friend," The Empty tilted his head to Crowley's direction, "it was Billie's request to make him Death. I didn't ask why, not interested in it anyway. I just told her that I'd pull Crowley out from here to send him to Death's abode once she was dead. I don't have time for too many questions, I just want to sleep."
“We’re good, right?”
“Fucking
The questions kept on circling his mind until he arrived at his apartment and greeted by a kitten who bounced around happily on his feet. Castiel put his bag on the kitchen table and scooped the kitten. “How was your day, Misha?”
"How are you so
“Cassie. It’s so
Dean nodded towards the other group as a sign that they'd be alright searching on the books, and that they can go to do the extraction process with Jack.
Is this allowed? Castiel knew that he had sent (probably not-so) subtle messages to Dean today, but a part of him just couldn’t help it. He wanted Dean to know that he’s interested in him, yet another part wanted to get to know Dean more before they’re going anywhere. Yeah, maybe he should take it slow with this one. Enjoying each moment, if there ever be moments. Castiel took his glasses off and pocketed it.
Dean realised that that probably wasn’t in Castiel’s plan, after what happened when they last met, he would understand if Cas hesitated to see him again. It might be the time now for Dean to be the one who made a move for Cas.
This time it was Dean's turn to smirk at the statement.
“Right, you’d want to reschedule … um … there’s an empty slot today with Doctor Novak at six, will that work with you, Sir?”
Why did he suddenly felt like this? They only had dinner together once, and already he wanted to be all possessive towards the dentist?
Maybe Dean sensed the awkwardness and hesitation in Cas, maybe he didn’t, but he sure glad that Dean didn’t start on the kiss. “Which reminds me, you have an appointment on Friday.”
"A bit better. Anyway, have Eileen and Jack told you witches about the new Death?" He addressed Sam and Rowena.
“Shut up,” came the response that made Castiel laughs, Crowley moved forward and there was a sort of wild glint in his eyes that was made of disbelief and demand, “so you had had two dinners? Even had one of them in your place. Had something happened?”
The host smiled and walked past Castiel to the kitchen — suddenly, a faint aroma of musk filled the air between them — and pulled a plastic container from on top of the fridge. Then he went to fill a glass with tap water. "Here's your water, Castiel."
The whining protest filled Castiel’s ears again, but this time he decided to let it go. He chuckled sheepishly when Balthazar pulled a chair next to his for Castiel to sit, and soon after he sat, Balthazar copied him. A flush of heat crept on the dentist’s face when he saw Balthazar was staring at him from his chair.
Dean would like to know, what would his Sammy think if he was not
“Oh, that sounded like a good idea, isn’t it, Charlie?” Balthazar turned his attention to Charlie, before he looked around his seat in confusion. It took him few seconds to register, “There’s no seatbelt here.”
He got short brownish-blonde hair that was styled neatly, the pair of sunglasses was still on the bridge of his nose – God knows why – although he was inside a room. His attire made Castiel smiled, and he wasn’t quite sure why. Could it be of the reddish-brown leather jacket and dark denim that pressed to his body nicely? Or was it because he’s wearing a leather jacket, along with the sunglasses,
“It is, indeed. I had just told Sam, since I will be here for a while for this exhibition, we should catch up more!” the lean woman sat on the chair that Dean had pulled.
Dean blinked and frowned, "Why?"
Will there be some other time? Dean surely hope so.
“No, I’m alright, Dean. Thanks,” Cas leaned back and huffed. He looked inside the room, there were more people than before there. Silently he was grateful that Dean brought him outside, away from them. He didn’t feel like meeting that many people at one time. In fact, he
The Boy-God might be The One who could rewrite the universe in one single snap. However, he still had that particular worry of a son to his father whenever he had to face an upset Dean Winchester. Jack blinked in concern before he answered Dean, “I-I assumed he would. I told Cas that he should come here to the bunker once he finished. You’d be happy to see him again. You and Sam.”
“It got its own signage if that what you mean,” Dean shrugged, “look, Sammy, it’s for my mouth, I wouldn’t get dodgy service for myself, okay. Besides, I’ve got a recommendation from friend at work about this place. Apparently, his ex worked as a dentist there.”
"Do you think I'm twelve?" Castiel had to low his voice down as he asked the question, so they won't wake Claire upstairs.
It was that moment Cas wished Dean was just right before him, so he could kiss the man.
love scene?" Sam raised his hands, asking for attention.
"Yeah. Thanks, Charlie."
Then came light footsteps approaching them. As the older hunter looked up to the figure standing before him, it could be seen that he tried to roll his memory of faces he met throughout the years of his life. Until one of them matches the face that looked down to him.
“No, you didn’t,” Claire protested.
Crowley’s smile went wider at the answer, “Look at you, Castiel, making a move to a man. Even Balthazar must worked really hard to get you opened up back then, and you two lived in the same house!”
Although, after he finished high school, Gabriel went to France to study pastries. It had been twenty-six years, and Castiel could count on both hands the number of times Gabriel went home, or Castiel and Abaddon flew to France to visit him. He missed his big brother, but he knew Gabriel was happy in Europe learning pastries and opening a business there with his friend. Maybe Castiel should revisit him one of these days.
Sam blinked twice before nodding, "You were saying that you had something in you that worked as a resurrecting sachet or something."
Hey, Cas.
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean put on his dark grey henley shirt before turning to Sam, who was grinning wickedly. “I’ll go. Okay, I’ll go. I look ridiculous, but I’ll go, so you won’t be hungry,” he grabbed his jacket from bed and wore it.
Then it was Cas’ turn to smile, “Thank you, Dean. Uh, have fun with your class.”
The poor man was asking Castiel, with his eyes, where should he disposed them, and Castiel answered by pointing to the door under the kitchen island, where he had a hidden rubbish bin inside. He laughed silently when he saw Dean’s victorious face as the brunet found the door, and then he showed his thumbs to let Castiel know that he had took care of their small accident before, then turning around to wash his hands.
"Anyway, for today, I let you in here because I let you. I let you come here to
"Yeah, the whole Dante Alighieri," Dean smiled. Not a cheeky smile, but more to painful. As absurd as it sounded, but he felt like Purgatory was that one place where he had the most remarkable history with Cas. "It was a lifetime ago where Ca-Cas worked with your son to find it. He, uh, Cas needed some souls to fight his brother, Raphael, and Crowley mentioned Purgatory."
Sam's forehead made its iconic wrinkles that Dean usually teases as his wifi signal. Then he snapped his fingers, "We got the recipe, remember? It was at Bobby's house. Then we summoned Death, Cas was there, and then-"
“So get this, remember when I was possessed by Gadreel many years ago?”
Just as Sam turned to return to the main building, Cas could feel Dean moved closer and placed his hand on the low of his back, that send an even greater imaginary jolt of electricity along his spine and made his body went through an imaginary electrocute.
? They were like two worlds apart. Two different sides of a planet. And the planet would be Jupiter.
“Castiel, meet Baby. Baby, this is Castiel, he’s helping us with dental needs,” Dean announced playfully as he went to the passenger side of the car and opened the door for Castiel.
“What are the chances you’re gonna hook up with this roommate again? Do you know his name?” Charlie started to show a suspicious smile.
"You're golden, Eileen. This is perfect." He took and wolfed one sandwich before his hand moving to the next one. "Sammy's really lucky to have you, you know. Where is he anyway?"
Both men now were walking slowly next to dairy area, and Dean stopped to look at cheese. “Yeah, and everything for green curry and that
"Right!" This time, Dean snapped his fingers in agreement with Sam's words before heading to the garage.
Castiel frowned at that, “And you two didn’t tell me?”
“A couple of nerds. Yeah, that’d be awesome. I’d love to have Charlie as my sister. But with Charlie, I will have another
How the three of them were living in the same flat, with Balthazar and Castiel as a couple, Crowley claimed that he never thought that he would need brain and eye bleaches until then. However, since Balthazar was good in cooking, and Castiel was the one with a slight cleanliness OCD, the third man accepted their noisy sex nights by going out to the bars until late. And staying over at his friend’s place on weekends to avoid ‘unfortunate circumstances’ during Balthazar’s Naked Sunday ritual.
“Huh. Maybe you need something different in your love life, Dean,” Sam sat in front of his big brother and opened the doughnut box. “Although, these looked more interesting than having a relationship.”
"Oh, right, I should leave," Charlie took another serve of the Chateau Bordeaux, and almost filled her glass up before retreating to the dining table.
Novak boy. I’d like to know more about
“Any ideas what these guys looked like?
“Well, sure, Cas. We’ll meet up again.”
When Dean got up from his seat and closed the back door, Cas caught his henley shirt and pressed himself on Dean, then on the next moment he sealed his lips into the hunter's for another kiss. When they parted, Castiel smiled to his favourite human and said softly, "I love you, Dean Winchester."
“Thank you, Eileen. I really appreciate that,” Dean looked down to his hands, then he remembered that Eileen would need to read his lips, at least, to understand what he was saying. “I guess we’ve been pushing Jack too much today. We had him absorbing Chuck’s full power, then had him repopulating the Earth. Then, he had to release Amara from him, and practically crowned Her God.”
Dean looked up while his brain did a quick scan of his mental agenda, and while he was doing so, Dean had his thumb made soft circles on the back of Cas’ hand. This made Cas silently took a deep breath and an equally soundless exhale. “I don’t have anything. Probably just staying at home, marathoning
Cas could felt Dean’s soft answer came with a warm mist on the back of his neck, and he spontaniously took a sharp breath. A shaky one.
While he was still admiring his surroundings and walked further inside, Castiel stopped abruptly when he found out that there was an
“How’s your teeth, Dean?”
" there was a definite tone of surprise at Pamela's voice, a good kind of surprised. "You mean you're
he could hope.
Cas smiled, “Yes, Dean. We’re good.”
There came again the bashful tone that made Dean let out a smile, “Balcony, then. The weather’s good tonight.”
“Okay, what do you wanna know, Gabe? God, I feel like I’m back in high school with you!” the dark-haired man let his phone dropped to his lap. A quick gesture from Gabriel – a cheeky smile with his eyes darting to Castiel’s phone – was enough sign to made him started to explain. “Dean Winchester is one of my patients.”
Sam sat on the chair across Rowena, while Jack sat next to him and Eileen sat in front of him. "I'm afraid it wouldn't be enough as well, Dean. When Cas tried to extract Gadreel's grace from me
“That’s not who we are.”
"Hey, Bela, I-I'm sorry that we didn't part on good terms the last time. We should, could be helpful with each other, given our fate. Also, I'm sorry about what happened to you, you don't deserve it."
It was too much sensation for the angel, just a few moments after that Castiel threw his arms around Dean's shoulders and brought his face to meet his own and gave him another kiss, before he said brokenly, "Dean, Dean … I'm-I'm-ah, I'm-"
“Uh, what do you mean, Jack?”
“I’m a Nephilim, and if I remember correctly, being half-archangel made me one of the strongest celestial beings,” Jack smiled innocently. “Maybe with my grace, it would be even stronger to work?”
The blonde let out a long exhale and wait for the door to open. And hoping that he won’t get any heart attack or something, since it was beating so fast.
When the view on his screen was moved, Cas could see that Dean was standing up and had the phone lower just before his chest. Cas probably could see what was in Dean’s nostrils if he squint hard enough. The back camera was shaken again, showing that Dean was lowering himself to sit. Then to lay down on the couch.
Or tracking your way home. Not sure which one’s more convenient for me.
After dinner, the boys drove Charlie home, and Dean invited her to come over again next Saturday for dinner with Cas. Charlie quickly agreed, and said that she will arrive just before dinner, since she will have something to do in the afternoon.
Dean hadn't even answered her question when more pairs of steps were heard coming in their direction. It was Sam, Eileen, and Jack. All of them had huge smiles on their faces as they saw Dean and Cas had returned.
“Mr. Winchester? Doctor Novak will see you now.”
“I never thought of you as a demisexual, Dean Winchester,” Balthazar smiled the wicked smile again, like the one he plastered when answering Dean’s question about his former flame.
me, and he would get killed by Billie, then she'd come for me. Ended me."
“I knew this place from a friend.”
There again, the bravado, and Cas smiled at that. “Sam’s not good in cooking?”
“Sammy.”
"Bela here is one of my trusted crossroad demons," Rowena started her explanation, as she placed a hand tenderly on Bela's thigh. Again, Sam and Dean stole questioned glances at each other. "Not only she brought me many, many condemned souls, but she also beautifully managed to extend contracts as well. So, I'm quite sure that Bela can be the right demon to gather the ingredients."
“That was last year?” Dean turned to Benny, who smiled understandingly and nodded. “Wow, time do fly fast.”
“What kind of ending is this?”
The happy look on Cas’ face made Dean doubted his own memory, and he was fine by it.
It was about his third week living with his big brother, Gabriel, in their hometown, Illinois, when he got an offer to work with his former housemate, Crowley, all the way in Vancouver, and he would need a place to stay if he took the offer. Gabriel told Castiel that their oldest brother, Lucifer, owned an apartment in that city, said that it was a payment from his client, whose case he won few years ago.
“What a dork,” Dean chuckled to himself as he memorised Castiel’s face went slightly crimson after he pushed the dentist’s glasses up.
Dean cackled as he heard Jack’s offer. “And you said you’re not the new God. Let’s get back to the bunker first, and let’s hope that this time Cas will appear there, instead of in the middle of nowhere like the last time.”
“You might,” this time it was Eileen who spoke, “based on Sam’s story, Gadreel’s grace was fading each time Cas tried to heal him. While with you, Cas didn’t heal you. So it would be possible that the archangel grace in you is stronger, so it might still be there.”
Cas' cheek, as one of the few skin surfaces that were exposed from the way Cas was dressed. "Fuck, Cas, you're really here, and you're alive."
“Hey, next time’s your turn to have dinner at my place, right? You can see the place for yourself, Cas.”
man was, having his meal
From their friendship, Dean would admit that Gabriel was actually an attractive guy, although he wasn’t precisely his type. He was cheeky, smart, and always knew how to push everyone’s buttons in a playful sort of way, including Dean’s. But once he was annoyed, it could clearly be apparent, and it would be wise to avoid long conversations with him until his mood lightened.
“Dean? Are you okay?”
Cas felt a gentle burst in his chest that crept to his face. What did Dean mean by that? What was that about?
“Would you like that, Cas?”
I have been neglecting this fic too long, ain't I? I'm terribly sorry, guys, and thank you very much for keep on waiting for this fic to get updated!
“I don’t know.”
And behind him.
Cas could feel his face flushed, “Oh, I thought that was just your usual engine’s sound.”
Dean turned to the red head, “What? No. Well … um, shut up.”
“Nope, Jess’ going to her parents’ house this weekend. Guess I’m taking Charlie to Bela’s event,” Sam replied and there was a hint of sadness in his voice, that made Dean put a little pity for his brother, and actually considering of inviting Sam to his dinner with Cas.
throne, Fergus, you won't recognise it the next time you're visiting. "
"Look, I've seen you and Cas fight and have all that silent treatment drama. I don't know if you guys solved it yet before he was taken or not, but I don't want you to be all mopey just because it was unfinished."
“Well, you looked pleased. Someone interesting on the phone?” Bela asked, with a hint of mock jealousy in her thick English-accented voice.
pigs in one go?”
After a few moments, he finally got up from his bed and put on the oversized grey robe before shuffling to the kitchen. The kitchen was already active when the man walked in with his dog, that answered to the name Miracle, followed closely, the smell of fried bacon filled the air, and there were sounds of someone moving about in there. It was his little brother who was busy on the stove, cooking and preparing breakfast. Something that came unusually for him, since the little brother was hardly a man of the kitchen. But, probably everything changed when Eileen came into his life, and she seemed fond of working on new recipes.
“Oh, yeah, right. Can I have the Oreos, almond, and, uh, what’s the green one?”
Dean couldn’t believe his hearing. Did Cas really playing along with him, or was he simply oblivious? The fact of Castiel was a dentist with a Master degree made Dean realised that the other man should be smart and could work out Dean’s previous comment was actually a flirtation. But, then again, Castiel had this thing with naïvety that made him sometimes a little bit socially awkward. Whichever it was, Dean decided just to let it flow, so the conversation won’t stop. He really enjoyed talking with Cas.
When he was sure that Jack and Sam had gone off from his sight, followed by Eileen, Dean felt like his legs turned to jelly, and he bumped himself down to one of the chairs there.
family meeting up.
have," from his voice, it was apparent that Dean's tension had loosened up. Especially when his eyes met Castiel's, who had a tremendous amount of love in his eyes. "That he could have me."
Right after Cas answered, there came a familiar rumbling sound from the corner or the lobby. It was the Impala, driven by the valet service to meet the owner. "That's yours," Cas stated.
As he felt something is definitely changing with his body, Castiel's blue eyes widened, and he turned to Dean.
“Salad sounds good,” Cas walked pass Dean, who was holding the door and then he made sure the door was locked. “Kale salad?”
“English Literature.”
“Yes, Crowley?”
“Right, I’ll go then. So, you guys can help Dean save his boyfriend.”
“Okay.”
Dean took Juliet’s leash from Cas’ hands and opened the flat’s door, “Four. You, me, Sammy, and Charlie. Let’s make another one. Salad?”
Until it
“Yeah, I don’t know how to use it, though. I asked my workmate and she said that it’s quite complicated and much hassle. So, first I have to get checked at a clinic around where I live. If they can’t sort what I’m having, then I have to take it to the hospital nearby according to their recommendations,” he paused to see Sam’s eyebrows raised to join the hairline, “
