“I guess I’m new at all of this too...not in the same as you, of course...but, still new, yeah? Maybe we just both need to stop taking everything so seriously and just have a nice time. Can we try that?”
John took a breath and ran his hand through his still damp hair. It stuck up at all angles, but he didn't have it in him to care.
Slipping on a fresh pair of latex gloves, he began to feel inside for anything out of place or swollen. All the while his gaze flicked up to Sherlock for any telltale twitches of consciousness or awareness, but the omega laid as still as ever. The soft yellow light of the table lamp made his cheekbones even more striking at the angle where John was positioned. The omega’s full lips parted slightly, and John felt a mesmerizing pull, wanting to touch them with the tips of his fingers, but he stayed his course.
In a way, it’s fitting that John feels as if he’s about to step into a minefield. His movements are slow and deliberate, and even Harry gives him an extra long hug before he heads out to the cab bound for Baker Street. Her bright blue eyes are slightly wetter when they break away, but her smile is as warm and supportive as ever.
The butterflies in Molly’s chest are hammering hard with satiny wings on all sides of her heart. It feels glorious and terrifying all at once, and she finds herself being pulled towards Irene, who is moving towards her as well.
“It’s hard to get into any mindset nowadays,” John admits. “Especially when we can’t even be in the same room without shouting at each other.”
“John, you barely say a word to me at home, you retreat to your bedroom as early in the evening as you can, and at crime scenes you spend all your time speaking to Lestrade. I may not be the best at subtlety, but even I can tell that you don’t want me around.”
To prove the point, Sherlock turned just enough to run his long finger through John's hair. The softness of it was such a beautiful constriction to the firmness of John's shoulders and chest. The cluster of scar tissue on the left one lovely in its own way. It showed survival against all the odds and how the lasting impact of that survival could make the skin anew.
Sally didn’t see John much at all nowadays. Unless he was somehow convinced by Lestrade to meet up for dinners at the front of the station because Greg was doing too much overflow work. She had noticed the doctor’s steady decline and inevitable comeback. Intervention had played a role as far as she could determine, and that was something to feel relief about. Sherlock Holmes had already taken up too much of John Watson's life before he had jumped. An emotional vampire even after death and that unsettled Sally. Sat heavy in her bones and that wouldn’t do now. Not when there was so much to prove to everyone around her, including herself.
Sherlock smirked, followed by a quick reply. Whoever this @CJW197104 was new to his Twitter feed and brutal in a way that Sherlock respected.
Also puzzling was another NYS member with a touching tribute written by his colleagues. Scott Bushe was the second police member in England to be found dead under suspicious circumstances in the past month. One member of the MET dead was a tragedy, two? Well, that was suspicious.
Judging by the scathing tweets, in which the poster outline the likelihood of cheaters being killed by their partners, John assumed the OP was not having a good night. He dragged his mouse point over the
“To get my laptop?” John says incredulously, raising an eyebrow and continuing to move towards the table.
He guided Sherlock towards him, pulling him close until their feet were practically on top of each other, and stole another kiss that left both their lips red and swollen. Then, with a fiery look in his eye, he hooked one leg around Sherlock's hips and placed both of his arms on Sherlock's shoulders.
Sherlock’s friendly nature continues for the rest of the day. He opens doors for John, standing back to let him enter rooms first. He compliments John’s outfit; his choice of lunch at speedy’s; the shoes he picks out for pints with Greg. By the end of the day, John is left with a foreboding sense of dread. He knows it isn’t this easy. Something is still wrong, and Sherlock is over-compensating. Each time John tries to bring up the conversation from last night, tries to clear the air, Sherlock avoids the topic, either quickly changing the subject, or pretending not to hear John entirely.
Sherlock beamed at the surprised expression on John’s face, then chuckled as John stammered out his gratitude, waving a gently dismissive hand at John asking how the hell he had gotten tickets. Mycroft owed him a favour or two himself.
Is it two chapters ahead of this chapter yet? I REALLY want to post that chapter. Buuttt noooo I have to go in order.
So, John leaned back and moaned like he'd never moaned before. It started in the very bottom of his diaphragm and built until it had no choice but to escape through his lips in one long rush of air. It took the shape of Sherlock's name. And despite his best efforts to keep his eyes open and drink in that sterling gaze, his eyes fell shut under the intense pleasure.
“Well it would be a lot easier if you weren’t here!” Sherlock yells, making John jump with the noise. He quickly regains his balance, his eyes roaming over the detective. The sting of Sherlock’s words prickle over John’s skin over and over again.
Irene places the hourglass on the coffee table, gently flicking the glass with her nail as she continues to walk past. The ringing echoes through the room as she approaches the dresser on the far wall, opening the first drawer and reaching for something inside. Sherlock strains his neck to see, to no avail.
John’s chuckle turns into another gasp as Sherlock opens his mouth wider and sucks the delicate skin of his sac. The steady pressure is already getting John so hard that he almost feels dizzy.
Sherlock gives a tight grin, diligently pulling out his planning folder and assigning John two extra points. The conversation moves to safer subjects, and the time begins to slip past like water. They eventually get kicked out of the club, after John challenges Sherlock to start an argument about something stupid with a bunch of guys on the dancefloor.
John waits and watches. It’s just another thing that he has always naturally done when it comes to Sherlock; wait for him to re-arrange whatever is happening into neat little piles for him to file away. Watch him be brilliant and everything extraordinary.
he was, how different everyone else seemed to be. But still, that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt, each time John brushed the comment off as if it were nothing. As if he were some saint for dating Sherlock. For even occupying the same space.
“You deserve to feel good,” John mumbled onto Sherlock’s open mouth. “You fucking extraordinary creature. Show me what your gorgeous body can do for me.”
"I was a doctor first, Sherlock," John said in a dull tone. Sherlock was not the first person to be annoyed by his orders, medical or otherwise, so he was hardly bothered by the disgruntled man. "Then soldier, then spy."
“So the spores ended up completely unusable,” Sherlock explained. “Two and a half weeks' work destroyed in a few minutes. As if it was so important for Mycroft to text me about some stupid issue he had with his gardener.”
“I can’t think. My brain is efficient, it can push everything away to focus on one problem, but now there’s all this
Sherlock hears the question but can’t quite grip it fully. His mind is too full of sentiment and drinks from the night, all vying for his attention inside of what’s left of his sense. John is unexpectedly much closer to him than he should be. His eyes are dark and wanting and painfully honest. The hand is back on Sherlock, on his knee this time. His face is upturned and Sherlock has the urge to look away but can’t. He’s frozen on the spot and begging for John to lead the way into whatever this is about to become.
Sherlock groaned at the visual, and how was it possible to be this hard already? His cock filled out so much that it almost
Molly Hooper was built to be fretful. Her dark hair, just long enough to twist around her index and middle fingers when her nerves got too frayed, and small feet that could handle her daily patrol through the world. A world that consisted of the silence of bodies in wintery rooms. Their expressions in various states of resignation that came with the finality of death, no matter it’s gruesome entry or exit.
“It’s just,” John retorted, “You don’t need to tell anyone who will listen about our sex life. That’s between us.”
“I’m sorry. I am on your side, I just want you to be happy. It sounds like you’ve been through a lot with him,” she says. “But see? Talking helps.”
“Why not? That’s the only thing that will have changed. We live and dine together. We chase down criminals for The Work. You're a bit slower but that’s hardly your fault. We tolerate each other’s siblings...so what else would need to be adjusted, other than us routinely having intercourse?”
While Sherlock continued to voice his disgust at John's decision, John began to bring the bags inside, If only to get them off the landing. He really wasn't sure what he would do with such expensive clothes. But he supposed he should at least attempt to keep Sherlock shears away from them for the first couple of weeks.
"I wanted to stare at you when I first walked into that lab, drink you in and just watch for hours." John sighed and rocked his hips forward, encouraging Sherlock to go deeper, faster.
John then turned to look at Sherlock, the blankets twisting around his hips. He cocked his head and smiled. He hadn't missed Sherlock's choice of words and couldn't help pointing it out just in case Sherlock wasn't aware of what he'd said.
John is used to Sherlock doing unusual things when a case is concerned, but he doesn’t quite know what to make of so many painting supplies all over the flat.
The latest conquest of John is an operatic tenor, judging by the melodic levels of his moans. He could belt out O’ Sole Mio with the proper training, and John seems to be hitting just the right spots for a clear and exquisite high C. The part of me that isn’t seething with rage is begrudgingly impressed at what a precise hit to the prostate can do. Of course John’s cock can cause actual music. Perhaps I should do more experiments on the subject. Or, at least, grudgingly hope that I will ever get the chance.
The magnitude of John’s scribbled proclamation was so painfully raw and real that it almost tore through Sherlock’s resolve not to fall apart completely. Not here. He needed to be strong for John. Prove that he was better than the person John thought just didn’t want to answer his phone calls.
Sherlock tried stealing the jumpers, pretending he’d destroyed the ugliest ones in an experiment gone wrong, but secretly keeping them in a box under his bed. It worked for a while; Sherlock could take them out whenever he wanted in the privacy of his room, but it wasn’t long before the scent started to fade and was replaced by Sherlock’s unique smell. He couldn’t well steal more jumpers; John had been furious with him as it was, so he had to come up with a new plan. Perhaps it was time to look at his reactions more deeply, figure out what his body was telling him, rather than giving in to its every whim. Except Sherlock wasn’t sure where to start. The obsessiveness that plagued him was not one he had experienced before, nor was it one he ever thought he would experience. He could research -- find books and articles that might yield answers, but he didn’t know what angle to take. What search terms to use.
He settled back down in the sitting room and wrote down a few more errant facts, just to get them out of his head and onto the page. Then he’d recategorise until every future action was perfect from his side, with enough alternating variables to keep John none the wiser. Sherlock felt his phone buzz from his pyjama pocket, and it was hard to stomp down the quiver of disappointment that the text wasn’t from John.
"Ok, I believe you about Julia but was there anyone at all that you exclusively dated before me? Anything at all serious, or that you truly had feelings about?"
“Very true, you could kill me right now. Except, then you’d have to deal with him, and he’s in the military.” Slight exaggeration, perhaps, but necessary. “Even if you manage to get past him, you’ll have some unfortunate questions to answer when Scotland Yard turns up. You didn’t think we’d come alone, did you?”
“What did you pack,” the man asked, “and was your bag out of your sight at any point in time between you leaving your home and placing the bag onto the conveyor belt for travel?”
“Is it later yet?” John murmured, reaching one hand out to run his thumb along the ridge of Sherlock’s cheekbones.
With a shuffle, Sherlock sat on the metal table properly and pulled John on top of him. The noise of John’s trousers rubbing against Sherlock’s naked thighs echoed through the room, but Sherlock couldn’t care less. He had Captain John Watson on top of him with lips wet and eyes dark with arousal, and nothing in the entirety of the universe was more beautiful than that.
For the next twenty minutes, John described Mary to the best of his ability how she went from cheery and pleasant to obsessive. Then angry, when John slept with another nurse. In very basic terms, he told Greg how their last case for Mycroft had ended in betrayal, how he'd thought her dead. Then he passed on Sherlock's insight regarding how Sherlock thought this was all some sick and twisted premeditated string of events to draw John out.
“This is the place, John. The victim was definitely here. I just need to match the samples so Lestrade can come and —” Sherlock was interrupted by the outside floodlights turning on and illuminating the garden. He instinctively brought a hand up to his face, trying to protect his eyes, but it was no use. He was temporarily blinded and stumbled back a few steps, and by the time his eyes adjusted, he felt the familiar presence of a knife, pressed against his lower back.
"I never thought," John continued when he'd found his voice again, "you'd want this with me. I hardly thought you'd even let me help you. I just had to try, and I'm so fucking glad I did."
“Then what was the other night?” Sherlock cocks his head, his face a perfect mask of authentic curiosity.
"Shut up and kiss me so you can forget how cranky you are." He ordered, his voice authoritative and leaving no room for argument.
The driver gave a curt nod and began to drive. Sherlock crossed one leg over the other and sent off a few texts, two to Lestrade saying that they’d be there within the fifteen minutes, and making sure Anderson stayed out of his way unless otherwise instructed. The last text to Molly was halfway written,  requesting a second toxicology report, when Sherlock stopped at the sensation of John’s hand on his knee.
“I can still hear you, you know!” Lestrade shouted from behind the closed door, but it only caused them to laugh harder.
He cast his memory back, trying to remember if John had ever called him his partner. No, not in his memory. The rational part of his brain reminded him that John hadn’t had a reason to; their friends had found out through the gossip circle that was Gavin Lestrade, and it had been less than a month since their relationship had changed. This was the first time either of them had needed to introduce the other as anything other than flatmates.
“You barely asked any questions before we got here, which is unusual for you, you purposefully initiated physical contact in the cab and now you’re acting as if you’ve never been to a crime scene before. What’s wrong?”
Of course she would cling onto a single word, dig her claws in and squeeze it for all the subtext that she could. It was a mistake to come here, but the lure of learning more was too great for Sherlock to leave.
Sherlock arches his back with pleasure as John finds his prostate, Sherlock’s wrists straining against their knots; the headboard creaking in protest. John teases around the firm knot, occasionally letting his fingers brush over the cluster of nerves. Sherlock whimpers and thrusts forward, trying to increase the contact.
Sherlock stalked out through entrance doors and into the afternoon sun, leaving John to catch up with
It isn’t until after two am, when John is seriously considering phoning Lestrade, that Sherlock returns. John is curled on the sofa with a cup of coffee, trying to watch reruns of The Great British Bake Off. He isn’t really paying attention, his mind has begun to spiral, and he can’t focus on the screen in front of him.
“Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. I genuinely did just want to spend time with you tonight. You’ve been so locked in your head recently.”
“Or they could be an ignorant twat who isn’t worth such a wonderful woman like you coddling them with excuses for their awful behavior?”
The cashier glances up in slight alarm at the loudness of Sherlock’s laughter. Her purple hair and matching contact lenses scream that she is too cool to deal with the more fretful customers in the shop today. Sherlock throws her a haughty look before gently steering John to the quieter back section of the shop.
"I haven't come across anything like this in my research," he admitted, and John grunted in frustration. "But Sherlock never was about arbitrary things like rhymes in the corners of manuals on various bone ailments. He was brilliant and calculating and he wanted
He kept on in that fashion for weeks, secretly stealing sniffs of John’s clothes, until a close call made him realise he needed a different solution. John had almost walked in on him, unexpectedly doubling back to grab his wallet as he was leaving the flat, and Sherlock had barely managed to get away with his ‘it’s for an experiment’ excuse when John had challenged him.
“This has clearly been bothering you all day, yet you waited until everything became too much to talk to me about it. You always do, you never say what you actually think, you wait until it becomes too much and turn it into an argument.”
A pause on the other end of the line stretched into seconds with no end in sight. John was immediately struck with a vision of his boyfriend frozen in the middle of a busy London crossing. His silver-blue eyes wide as his mind palace replayed the horror of what he’d said to a very captive audience.
Sherlock himself had a variety of colognes and aftershaves that he applied. Day to day, he would use a sparing amount of Cedar scented aftershave, but when undercover, he liked to mix things up. In his wardrobe was a box of various scented deodorants and perfumes, all used according to which role he was playing. Over the years, he had found that by simply changing his scent to match his undercover identity, he would gain 40% more useful information. One day, he was going to write an article about it.
It was all because of Sherlock Holmes. With his eyes sharpened to such a fine point that he could stab the wrong person with just a well-placed look. With his voice as heavy as marble dipped in winter honey and John was trapped underneath its weight from the start.
This is true, but there’s no way that Sherlock’s about to admit that. Instead, he refastens the cuff of his pale blue button-down. The soft cotton fabric slips under his fingertips and this grants him something else to pay attention to while they head further into the countryside. The suitcase in the boot of the car is laughably small, but John had insisted on
The giggle gave way to a cackle, and Sherlock couldn’t help but echo it. They both erupted into roars of laughter, and Sherlock clutched at his sides with the effort.
“Case.” Sherlock mumbles, and John knows from experience that this is the only answer he will get. Nevermind. It’s been a good day.
John couldn't remember a time when another's body had ever possessed this much pull on him. He couldn't take his eyes off Sherlock. Not that he'd even wanted to. From the perfect curve of his arse to the taught fabric at Sherlock's shoulders, the man was a sight to behold. One worthy of an exhibit in all of the most prestigious museums across the world. Though, if John had his way, that would
The man turned around, and of all things, smiled at John. That was not what you were supposed to do when threatened with a bullet. You didn't just smile at a naked man, coated in curry sauce in places curry sauce had no right being, especially when that man was three meters away from you with a loaded gun.
"... and I did plan to go to the Yard and Bart’s to request the files. Still do, but there’s so much more that seems to be missing and -"
John chuckled, a low laugh that made his chest vibrate. Perhaps Sherlock was right. Maybe he needed to stop asking for permission and give the man what he so clearly wanted. It was the moan that made him act. The sound had hardly begun when John's finger slid deep inside Sherlock. Soft heat squeezed around his finger, and John found himself wondering how he'd ever fit in there without hurting Sherlock.
The pieces of clothing that still managed to cling to the body looked reasonably expensive, although the man inside of them looked very down on his luck. He had a scraggly beard and very long fingernails, along with shoes that appeared to have been worn out to the point of falling apart. The clothes didn’t match the man's appearance — someone wearing what was, at one point, a nice three-piece suit would have taken better care of their general appearance. A decoy, perhaps?
John touched his chin to his chest and looked at the place Sherlock's lips ghosted over. His eyes fluttered shut, and if he was at all bothered by Sherlock's news regarding their noise level and the neighbourhood, he didn't show it.
With that, the man turned and left, leaving John staring at more clothes than he'd owned in his entire life. A cautious glance in one bag revealed dress shirts, other trousers. Even a bag full of jumpers was similar to the torn and tattered one still on his back.
“I’m home...yes,” Sherlock whispered back, and with a sudden jolt of joy John pulled him down into the bed and hugged him with all the might he could possess at a quarter after midnight.
The very thought of Sherlock inside a man who could do so much damage with just his two bare hands was a stimulating thing. Sherlock turned onto his side and gently pressed a kiss onto the scared shoulder first before peppering kisses across the broad chest and slightly softened belly. Afterwards, he placed the smallest kiss on the protected tip of John's cock, his own entrance twitching at the very idea of feeling John sink into him at a later date.
Another kiss and Sherlock saw stars. The burst of his come coated John’s hand as he was stroked into a near oblivion of bliss. John held him up as his legs gave way and he began to slide down to the floor.
The blade slid across his throat, leaving a shallow but long gash, but it was enough. John was able to roll out from underneath the madman and had his gun back in both hands before Sebastian had time to clutch his sack with both hands. Pointing the gun directly at the man's head, John sniffed and cocked the gun.
They were back to square one. Pierce either had no idea who the copycat killer was, or he was unwilling to tell them. There was nothing else Sherlock could do, except pour over the existing case files, hoping he’d missed something.
As soon as the man was gone, John turned to Sherlock and slid to his knees. He reached up and fumbled for Sherlock’s belt, unbuttoned his trousers and wordlessly slid his zip down. If someone had told him four months ago that giving another man a blow job would be his go-to method to calm himself down, John would have laughed in their face before shooting them. There was a grunt and scrap of metal as Sherlock found the table and leaned against it. John waited until Sherlock had his footing, then pulled his trousers down to mid-thigh.
“Does that mean you’re officially dating? Only, I have a bet with the yard, and I need to get my facts straight…”
John wanted to laugh off what she was implied, but he had done that for far too long and in too many avoidable situations.
It was a calculated risk. One that Sherlock measured in milliseconds until John tilted his head and gave a genuine smile. “Yeah...I like that idea.”
John starts pushing again the moment they enter the flat, throwing his jacket over his chair and angrily flicking the kettle on. Coffee. He needs coffee.
Sherlock lifted John’s hand and entwined it with his fingers, relishing the feeling of skin against skin.
Sherlock predicted Lestrade’s eye roll before it happened, although the sigh of frustration before the DI rose to his feet was a surprise. Nevertheless, it was a pleasant one, since Lestrade moved away enough for Sherlock to continue his work in relative peace. A small victory, but a victory all the same.
A bubble of laughter escaped from Sherlock's mouth at the very idea, and it was absolutely something to think about after all of this was said and done if they survived, of course.
that sends Laverne scampering out of the room, “beautiful and incredibly strong woman. Whether they see that or not is irrelevant.” Irene effortlessly pours two glasses of champagne and passes one to Molly. “I promise you, it does get easier. As time passes, you’ll be misgendered less, and although it may never go away, it becomes easier to bear. We shouldn’t have to bear it, but that’s another story.”
They stayed silent for a moment after, John’s forehead resting in the soft expanse of Sherlock’s belly, the detective’s hands running through John’s hair.
All he can feel when he closes his eyes are Sherlock’s arms, winding around him. His skin longs for the contact, not the deep passions of the last few months, but the gentle touch of a lover, a physical promise never to leave. He could walk away now, shut the door on Sherlock Holmes and try to move on, but John knows, deep down, that he will never cease to want him. The detective will haunt him for the rest of his life.
When Sherlock pushed the bottle of lube against his chest, John laughed again before settling on the bed with his chest pressed against Sherlock's back.
Before that kiss, John thought he knew what pleasure was. He'd enjoyed countless romps with various partners, walked away (or watched them walk away) satisfied. But this kiss brought pleasure to a whole new plane of existence. Sherlock's lips somehow tingled against his, the connection electric and terrifying in all its glory.
What irritated him beyond all else, however, were the things he couldn’t control. Sex was quantifiable. There was a ratio: Sherlock could control how much pleasure was derived, could maximise the happiness gained and measure that against the success of their relationship. John couldn’t fake the results; they were easy to measure and hard to misinterpret. John’s emotions, however, were not. Sherlock found it difficult to understand John’s layered messages when the smile on his face didn’t match the look in his eyes. His moods were not easy to plot and measure. Sherlock could not, despite trying, predict which days John would have a short fuse — those days he would wake with a dark cloud above his head, or the nights where he’d be wrenched from sleep by his own screaming. Sherlock desperately wanted to plot them out — find formulas and build graphs to help him predict when those days were coming, so he could reduce their frequency as much as possible. Yet they were seemingly patternless, coming out of the blue when Sherlock least expected them. So he made a point of playing his violin when John became restless, or kissing him more the day after the night time terrors. Little blue ticks went into the calendar when these strategies were successful, and red lines through the days when nothing seemed to work at all.
At school, no one acknowledged that there was anything other than monogamous heterosexual relationships, and he was laughed at when, during their sex ed classes, he dared ask the teacher how same-sex couples worked. She ignored him, but the boys bullied him for it for the rest of the year. He simply didn’t exist. It was the difference between being odd, which he brandished like a badge of honour, and being queer. That was harder to subjugate with a snarky comeback or a scoff of indifference. One was tangible, an undeniable indicator of how he was unlike the other kids in his class, and one was invisible. The clubs made it easier to skitter across the surface of acceptance. Lingering looks that were meant for a night of fun helped Sherlock last through another exhausting week of keeping himself protected. No one stayed long enough to see the heart beneath, but it was a relief to be allowed to exist without the constraints of the real world. Here, he didn’t have to pretend to be someone he wasn’t.
John feels his heart thumping in his chest as Sherlock watches him as if genuinely confused. How the hell can a detective be this clueless?
"Not that I'm blaming him, because honestly, how could any of us know? But if Mycroft had told me when he interrupted us in my hotel room that Mary was alive… none of this would have happened. Until then, I thought Sherlock was the target. Why on earth would anyone look for Sherlock in my hotel room? Had I known… Christ, Sherlock wouldn't be in hospital right now."
“Sorry for all that I said,” he continues, looking crestfallen. “That was a lot to spring on you at once and I’m shit at confessing my feelings about these things. First time at it and I terrify you into a dead faint.”
In the beginning, a few days after the break-up, Sherlock had called John over to the kitchen table, where he sat at his microscope. John had hovered behind him, leaning forward to look down the lens and casually placed his hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. It was a familiar movement, one he had done hundreds of times before, but he was startled at how Sherlock immediately tensed beneath his palm.
The flat felt emptier than usual. Sherlock was no stranger to being alone; he liked being surrounded by night, visiting places that, by day, should be bustling with people — places full of life and humanity. At night it felt as if he’d been let in on a secret; he could see the bones of the buildings for what they really were. But this, this was too much. Baker Street felt gutted without John there to greet him. In reality, Sherlock knew that John was only in the next room, probably already asleep, but it felt as if there were a rift between them. Sherlock sat on the sofa and dropped his head into his hands. He was acting irrational, and he needed to stop. Closing his eyes, he began to count the relevant indisputable facts about the situation. Cause and effect. Absolutes for him to sort through the halls of his mind palace.
“I’m bisexual, Leah...not gay,” John says, and he’s surprised how calm he feels, saying that out loud. It feels liberating, something he can definitely get used to saying.
would protect you, your cat, your dog, and your favourite necklace from any danger for the right amount of money. He didn’t ask questions, and he reserved the right to deny any client he thought might not be worthy of his time.
He knew it was unfair to blame John for the comments of others. John was here because he wanted to be. But still, it hurt.
Before long, he moves his mouth away from the shaft of my cock and begins to move downwards, kissing my bare skin as he goes. He gently sucks at my balls as he passes, but inevitably continues downwards, until his mouth comes to rest on my entrance. John delicately swipes his tongue across the ring of muscle. I groan and he does it again, before flattening his tongue and lapping at the same spot. It doesn’t take long for me to begin squirming, pushing my hips towards him, begging for more. Blindley, I reach into my nightstand and pull out the small bottle of lube I keep there. John takes it in hand, hardly stopping his wet, welcome kisses as he uncaps the bottle and squeezes a little into his hand.
was his calling in life. It wasn’t his job doing the unspeakable for MI6 or the two years he’d spent as
Sherlock positioned himself so that he stood just out of John's reach and placed the scissors at the third button of his shirt, and slowly pressed down. The sound of smooth tearing of cotton through the room as Sherlock's shirt was completely cut through and fell off of his shoulders. Bare chested and pinkening in enticement, Sherlock opened the scissors just a little wider and put them at the top of his trousers. The thicker material was no match for the skill of the shears, and within seconds Sherlock was fully in the nude and showing off his blossomed arousal.
Before he could continue, John was forced to stop and suck in a handful of slow breaths. He'd only ever said the following out loud to two people—his therapist, and of all people, Mary. Warm hands found his, the tattoos forgotten in that silvery gaze that somehow knew what John was about to say before the words had even left his lips.  He found strength in knowing that, and with a single nod, continued.
John moves forward again. This journey leads to Sherlock’s quivering mouth and skitters along his strong jawline. John snakes his hand back up to the bedside table and pulls out the lube that has always been stored there. In a heady rush of understanding, he knows that Sherlock must still have been using it on long nights. Perhaps thinking about John as he brought himself to climax. Not any more of that. John is taking care of Sherlock, just like he should always be.
Sherlock gave a small shrug before going back to his phone. He thumbed through his Twitter feed and liked a couple of tweets of  @CJW197104. At first, Sherlock thought that following back this John Watson was not the best of ideas, but if anything reading his tweets regarding his secretive job and the stupidity that the retired army man dealt with made Sherlock feel like he’s somehow located a kindred soul.
John lamely waves a hand at Sherlock and prays that he will use his vast deduction skills to work out the unsaid meaning. Instead, Sherlock blinks a few times and looks down at himself.
Sherlock held him as tight as he could as John began to relax. All the while, he went through the parts of the evening that had gone right and wrong. How much it stung that John hadn’t corrected the server, and how, just a few moments earlier, they had toasted their relationship. John was all genuine smiles and gentle touches one moment, and denial the next. It was maddening how complicated John made everything. Would there ever be a time when they could just
He moans again because he might as well milk this for all its worth. Vampirism is all about the dramatics anyway. Grumbling he rolls over slowly to see John opening up the bedroom curtain wearing nothing but a tight red pair of underpants that leave nothing to Sherlock’s already splendid imagination and a very familiar dressing gown.
how Sherlock has missed it. “And vampires can’t change humans into incubi. No, Sherlock...you’re definitely a vampire. Just not...and I used the term very loosely...you’re not a
John lets out a sigh, toeing off his shoes and settling onto his back. The ceiling stretches in front of him, and his eyes trace the cracks in the paint, desperately trying to gather himself. What did he want? Harry seemed convinced that it all came down to John working harder at listening, and things would just fall into place. As if all of their collected baggage could be fixed with communication, and while it’s true that both of them are shit at talking about anything deeply, it’s not that simple. Sherlock’s definitely not that simple. He’s an enigma draped in fine tailoring and snarky retorts. He’s so infuriating that John spends most days shouting himself to the point of hoarseness at just being his flatmate, let alone his lover.
Irene presses buttons on the mobile in her palm before she answers. The light of the screen illuminates her face with a ghost-blue glow.
“My...a feather in my cap for getting you to be so polite. Should suck your cock more often, yeah? Daily, I think?”
“That’s okay. Everyone feels like this sometimes. We can take a moment to acclimatise, if that would help.”
The second mistake was that she turned to the left. To see the door to Sherlock’s room not fully closed like it normally was. She had been inside a handful of times. Always with John right there with her. His jaw as tight as the grip that he held on her hand, but he had granted her this piece of his past. She never touched anything. She knew that would be too much for John to go through, and so she instead observed how the man that John spoke about lived. Each hung shirt in the closet and the odd stains on the carpet told a story of a mad genius who chose to die with his pride instead of living with his shame.
“Should have asked the agent for a tissue,” John grunted, then braced his clean hand on the table beside Sherlock’s thigh. “Don’t think they have room service here.”
John nudges Sherlock with his elbow before grabbing their rainbow cups and striding back to the bar. Sherlock loses him as he wiggles through the growing crowd, and he lets out a breath he hadn’t noticed he’s been holding. The ease that John has here will take more than a few days within his mind palace to unpack. Does Mary know about the John he sees tonight, and if so, why was she worth seeing it before himself? Is it wrong for Sherlock to care this much about it?
“By the way, I flirted my way to the top shelf stuff from the guy at the bar. I think that should be worth at least two points in my column, don’t you?”
“So, I’ve been thinking. And I think — I think I want this. God help me, Sherlock, I want a whole lot more than I can have, but you were right. The other night was the easiest this has been for a long time, and I want more of that. So why can’t we? What rules are there that we can’t just have that, without any of the other crap?” John takes a deep breath, hoping that he’s making the right decision. That they can just be friends, who occasionally slide into the other’s bed.
Sherlock’s name echoed against the concrete walls, testing their soundproofing quality for all its might, and he just barely had time to cup his hand over his cock to keep the worst of the mess contained. With a happy sigh, he reached for the handkerchief in his breast pocket and did his best to clean up, though it was already quite obvious their dry cleaner would be cursing them out by the end of the day.
“How—? Nope, don’t want to know.” John shakes his head, trying to dislodge the question of how Mycroft knew what they were getting up to. If he didn’t know, it couldn’t bother him. “Why would you care?”
“You get a free pass to say whatever you want on your birthday,” Irene says, too confidently casual to be in any way fair.
“Nice to see you and Lestrade working out,” Sherlock said as casually as he could. His eyes scanned a few items on the large table in the middle of the room. “And before you ask...you’ve been wearing different shades of lipstick each of the last few times I’ve seen you. It would only make sense to try out other colours if you are going out with the same person and want to keep everything light and fresh. The mug is from
were you speaking of?” Sherlock replied. “You and myself, or is the us you’re referring to you the next door neighbour? Reggie was his name, as I recall?”
John stays still, stunned into silence. He’s not sure he agrees with all of what she’s saying, but it’s the first time someone has laid it out this way.
“More than okay. Don’t you dare stop.” I groan, and he chuckles into my skin, the vibrations travelling through me. Slowly, he works me open, slipping in another finger as soon as I’m wide enough. With each thrust of his fingers, he hits my prostate, and I squirm beneath him, on the brink of begging for release. Then, heat envelopes my cock, and I’m tipped over the edge. My hips jerk forward, with barely enough time for warning, but John swallows me down, to the very last drop. For a second we lie in silence, him panting into my thigh, me coming back to myself slowly.
He snorts a laugh but quickly swallows it down. The lights of the morgue flicker before returning to their previous state of brightness. He ignores it.
The knock on the front door startled them both. They had not planned on any visitors until later in the afternoon when Greg would be by with John's overnight bag.
John’s eyes flickered to his, and a flash of understanding passed through them. If they couldn’t get out of here by force, they might as well bullshit their way out.
That Sherlock was arranging clues. Putting all the relevant information in a detailed form to create a visual aid to solve the puzzle. Sherlock valued puzzles above everything else. He thrived from solving them, and the fact that John had never seen a datasheet so intricate before meant…
"Answer my questions. You have to the count of three." John glared at the man and lifted his other hand, wrapping it around his dominant hand on the gun, holding it steady, "One… two… Thr-"
"How very respectful of you," John barked back. The sarcasm heavily coated over all of the words. "Should I bow before your benevolence now, or wait until my good suit comes back from the cleaners?"
As soon as the cab door slammed behind them, John burst into fits of giggles, as he often did after a high stakes case. Nervous habit, one that Sherlock couldn’t help but echo.
John sniffs the air and immediately regrets it. The unfortunately familiar scent of death enters his nostrils and he frowns as he sees the DI shuffle over to him with an extra coffee in hand.
“You don’t owe me an explanation, Sherlock. I’m sorry I snapped at you at all. I’m...taking a shower. I’ll see you in the morning, yeah?” John nodded as if he needed to assure himself of this. Sherlock’s chest tightened. “Yeah,” John repeated. “The morning.”
John slides over to sit beside Leah and gives his order to the server. He attempts to start a conversation about Leah's settling into her new position, but it quickly goes nowhere. It’s stupid that John is acting this way. Leah is incredibly smart and pretty, yet there is nothing there for John to connect with past general pleasantries.
She’d sit them next to John instead of extra helpings of homemade scones or Yorkshire pudding. Well worn testaments that Sherlock still existed in the spaces between then and now, and John absorbed it all. The surgical hands swept the scratchy notes off to the edges of specific passages as if he just pressed hard enough, he could lift up the letters that Sherlock once thought was important enough to form.
He didn’t need to care. At least, not while on a case, and John understood enough to deal with that. Especially if Sherlock made sure John was satisfied in other ways.
“No.” He finally said, stopping in his tracks. He needed to see John’s face properly. “I’m unsure if you know that I am asexual. Until now, I didn’t think relationships were for me. Sex has never interested me, and since I thought that that’s all relationships consisted of, I never bothered having one. But you -- you make me want more. I’m not sure what that means yet, and if it’s not a sentiment you share I would be happy to remain as we are, but something about you that has unawakened parts of myself that I wish to learn more about?”
Greg laughs, his deep chuckle startling a woman in the next booth. “Sounds like to me that you should have told him you were in love with him centuries ago, mate.”
The DI whistles out a breath and leans back in the booth. “That’s...a lot John. Especially for him. He’s...not that I knew much about the blokes he was with before you, but Sherlock has never been one for proclamations like that.”
Sherlock wondered if he would ever be able to get used to this level of affection held up to him all of the time. It was hard to accept it, and yet somewhere, Sherlock realised that he just might be worthy of it a little more each day.
John glances up from his breakfast to see an expression on Harry’s face that he is way too familiar with, and he sighs.
No matter what the laws dividing alphas and omegas stated, John knew that right was right and wrong was wrong. He tucked his chin and shifted the omega’s -
It wasn’t anything planned, and that was the start of the problem. The case was one of the most thrilling that they'd ever been part of, and their defences dropped among the tremendous insanity of really almost being killed this time. Perhaps that’s why they were still laughing when they raced up the stairs of 221b, the slam of the door slightly muffled from their giggles.
Between waiting for new chemicals and letting the mixture distil, he read as much as he could about the different types of attraction. Irene had barely scratched the surface, and Sherlock delved in head first, desperate to know more. This time he did not stop when he found an identity that fit him; he pushed further and absorbed as much information as possible. By the time the perfume was complete, his brain was full to burst of new information. He still needed time to think about it, but perhaps what he wanted with John was romantic intimacy, whatever form that took. Eventually, he would have to broach the topic with the man in question, but for the time being, he was happy mulling the information over himself, trying to decipher precisely what he wanted.
This was not the cock, arse, and balls of just any up-and-coming (pun intended) porn star. This was without a shadow of the doubt, the cock, arse, and balls of the one and only consulting detective in the world.
However, there were viable clues alongside the nonsense. Pieces that Philip Anderson would pick up with nimble fingers on spare moments of time not devoted to everyday issues like meals and rent money. Those moments were getting more and more frequent as of late, but he saw no real reason to fret.
“Very much so.” I grin, slipping my hand into his and entwining our fingers. He gives a gentle squeeze back. Who knows if this will work, if he’ll stop getting booty calls from his previous exploits, but I had fun. And I think he did too.
The wings flap in frustration, and Sherlock shuts his eyes, stomach flooding with the sudden urge to be sick.
"Wait...what the hell did you do to the...never mind. Just call me as soon as you get this, Sherlock. I mean it."
Sherlock grunted as he finished typing out a new entry on the spreadsheet, documenting confirmation of John’s quirofilia. He still wanted to cross-reference it with indoor activities that would involve heavy use of Sherlock’s hands. Clay pottery, perhaps?
His eyes begin to adjust to the darkness, the room turning blue-grey around him. What now? Had they already been irreparably broken, too far gone to ever try again, or was there some hope? Could Harry be right; if they sat down and talked, could they make something of this mess they’ve found themselves in?
“Thank you,” John goes to take a sip, but pauses before his lips touch the mug. “There’s nothing in this, right?”
“Of course.” She gave a two-dimensional smile. Sherlock could practically feel her discomfort rolling off in waves. Over his time with John, Sherlock had realised that most people fell within two categories; they were either inappropriately enthusiastic about John’s army experience, acting as if John had single-handedly saved the world; or they were embarrassingly awkward, never knowing what to say. Both frustrated him endlessly. The war was just another part of John, an insignificant detail that made him who he was.
By the time John arrives at 221b, he is fifteen minutes behind the detective. John has no idea what state he’ll find him in, or how to diffuse the situation if he’s no better than before.
Molly breaths out in relief and takes another long sip of wine. Amelia hops onto the arm of the sofa and stretches. Her short black fur shimmers in the sunlight streaming from the living room window.
When everything worked, it was like Sherlock playing the violin. Soulful and passionate and so painfully gorgeous. John suspects the reason they lasted so long to begin with was that the good times were just so perfect — golden snapshots amongst the greyscale of his life. The problem was, those golden moments were becoming few and far between. They were interrupted by foundation-shaking arguments about the smallest of things, cold-shoulders and half-built walls; remnants of past failed relationships.
The sound of John’s apology  sounded far away and muffled. How could Sherlock have missed such an obvious thing as an accomplice? The previous crime scenes flashed across his mind as he tried to look for missing data. All of the evidence pointed only to Pierce, but if Lestrade was correct, then there was another killer out in the streets of London.
“It’s about time for you to get in your first flying lesson,” John says as they finally stop. “Nothing too difficult to start. Just some basics of lifting off of the ground a few metres or so.”
“Extraordinary!” John praised again, and Sherlock flashed him a quizzical glare. This was the equivalent of Sherlock praising John for getting dressed in the morning. What was he playing at?
Chapter two makes an appearance! Thank you so much for your comments so far. They are fueling me more than you know. Again, a huge thank you to WritingOutLoud for their beta reading assistance.
John stood on Sherlock's right side wearing the black and white socks he had been knitted. There was also the beginnings of a lime green and lemon yellow scarf on Sherlock's lap that he absolutely refused to put in the boot with the rest of the mountains of yarn.
Then I blink, and John is stood over me, concern creasing his beautiful face. I touch my nose. Not broken or otherwise damaged. Head feels only slightly swimmy. John more than likely caught me. How much of a dramatic gay must I be?
In the reflection is the mirror image of himself still inside of John. He looks very much the same if perhaps a tad paler, except for flushness in his chest and cheeks for obvious reasons. However, there is a large thing added. Two large, deep navy blue leather-like things if technicality ends up being a factor.
Sherlock had known John long enough to see the signs of him struggling for a valid answer. The sick feeling inside of him doubled in intensity.
Sherlock's clothing joined John's on the floor, a haphazard pile of cloth that had seen better days. Sherlock's body, like his suit, had also seen better days, and a pang of guilt nearly made John stop. If he hadn't gone to Sherlock or gotten him involved, his skin would be free of cuts and bruises. He'd probably be at work right now, concocting his next attempt to get Anderson fired. Not sat on the sofa with dark circles under his eyes.
Surely, out of everyone, Harry was the easiest person to tell? Sherlock made a mental note to ask John later.
The door closes behind her and Sherlock is left alone. The hotel room grows darker without Irene inside it, so Sherlock tries to take another small inhale of breath before opening the door and heading into what is now a very familiar place.
“Wrapped up in the moment?” John parrots back, and he doesn’t give a damn at the way Sherlock snarls at his repeating the words. Why is Sherlock acting like this?
A new chapter is here. As always thank you to you awesome readers for comments and kudos, and my wonderful beta reader SherlockWatson_Holmes!
would always be said. Usually by John, and then echoed in a softer tone by Sherlock. There were moments when Mrs. Hudson almost believed it. When John would eventually come to stand by her front door and knock just loudly enough for her to open up her little safe haven of the world and allow him in. The chat always circled back to Sherlock Holmes. How his experiments destroyed anything that a refrigerator was meant to protect. How many more bullets ended up nestled in the folds of wallpaper and drywall. How deductions were not meant for the dates who were brave or stupid enough to enter the catacombs of 221b.
Mycroft tapped the floor of 221b with the point of his umbrella. His polished shoes juxtaposed to the unswept floors, and his movements froze as the lock of the front door clicked open.
I undo my trousers and lay in the bed and listen. Grab ahold of myself and imagine a reality where it’s me that John has in his arms. His hunger for me on the tip of his tongue, and I would swallow every morsel of what he’d give me without further scrutiny. I let my eyes flutter closed as I wrap a hand around myself, imagining the ghost of kisses working their way up my neck. My cock twitches against my hand as it fills and hardens, and I gently run my hand up and down its length, focusing on the noises above me. “
“I feel that I should apologise for not telling you about the spreadsheet. Even though I had not theorised your specific reaction...in hindsight, it would have been more honest to be more transparent.”
And swinging he must do with all the noise that comes from his bedroom. It’s hard to tell if two men are penetrating each other with penises or swords, what with the amount of feral screaming that occurs. Mating calls, more like it. They are loud enough that on one otherwise pleasant Tuesday, I lost a delicate sound experiment because of Timmie with an ie’s rhythmic groans.
“Don’t you still have the forgery case?” John asks, placing his cup of tea on the fireplace and looking around for his jacket.
“What? That we’re in a gay bar? Really? Sherlock, you’ve been practically visually undressed by half the blokes in this bar since we walked through the door. Plus, I thought the drag queens out front would have at least been some clue.” John must see Sherlock’s cheeks redden even further because his smile widens and he adds, “It’s okay, Sherlock. I haven’t been to a bar like this since uni. It’s nice to be back.”
“He’s with Irene,” Sally said sharply, and John fell silent. “She was in the car waiting for him the night he came to see me. I have no idea where she is, but I believe that she will lead you to him.”
he had said to himself, retreating to grab an oversized jumper and a pair of ill-fitting sweatpants he’d received from an aunt several Christmases ago. They hadn’t fit Sherlock exactly right - a bit too short in the legs and arms - but they would do for now.
“Fear is whatever space it takes up. It can hollow out bones and stop a heartbeat. It is what destroys civilisations and protects advancement.”
Somewhere in my mind palace, my ability to keep certain thoughts compartmentalised is bursting open, and even though I am internally shouting
Mycroft begins to walk towards the door, his umbrella swinging lightly in his hand. He pauses, his hand on the doorknob, and turns to address John.
He almost leaves it there. Misses out the endless fights and emotional distance. But he doesn’t. He tells Harry about the spreadsheet and the thousand other reasons he needed to leave, and when he’s done, it feels as if a weight has been lifted from his chest. There’s a hook in his throat that he keeps swallowing down, trying to keep the tears at bay, but
“Nice to see your extracurricular activities at Baker Street haven't destroyed your promptness, Dr Watson.”
“Later. You can tell me how brilliant I am when I have you alone.” He half growled into John’s ear, before walking back towards Lestrade and smirking at the shiver that ran down John’s spine.
A bullet flew above his head, making him wince both from how close it came to hitting him and from the shards of glass as the mirror above the fireplace exploded.
Molly didn’t want to be the one to pull back the curtain to reveal the gears and levers of it all. She never wanted to hurt anyone.
“Well, I highly doubt I committed anything to you other than a good time. Which I’m sure we both had, so unless you — hell, I don’t know — have a notarized document or something from me that I said that I’d hang around for coffee and eggs, then bugger off before I call the police.”
John repeats the sentence like a mantra all the way home. Mycroft was wrong. He’s not ashamed; Sherlock isn’t reaching into the fire; they are both grown adults who know themselves and can make informed decisions.
“Sorry that I can’t be more useful to you,” the clerk says, his tone sympathetic. “But if it helps, I’m not very important.”
“It’s nine o’clock on a Saturday, the regular crowd shuffles in, there’s an old man sitting next to me, making love to his tonic and gin.” With the last few words, John looks over at Sherlock and gives him a wink. Sherlock blushes into his glass, desperately trying to hide his face. A quick glance around the room reveals that a few people at nearby tables are watching John with mild interest, and the bartender is shaking his head gently, a small smile perched on his lips.
“Put your trousers back on before you catch a chill,” John said with one final kiss, then took a step back, careful not to trip on his own clothing.
“I have a theory that might be helpful, yes. You stated before that you first discovered your change in your feelings towards John because of his scent. Exploration of that is what I would suggest. Perhaps a perfume that mimics his smell.”
The memories of it all felt faded like photos left out in the sun. The edges muted into warm shades of sepia tone, and somehow this made Sherlock look softer and more approachable. The coolness of his presence easier to swallow when recollections floated in and out of the last half a year.
“It’s okay, John. I mean, I wish you’d realised you aren’t over Sherlock before tonight, but I get it. You don’t need to feel bad.”
Lestrade met them at the entrance and showed them where the body was found. He looked tense as he led them to the area surrounded by police tape and a fairly large portion of The Yard. The difference to the earlier victims was immediately apparent; this body was heavily decomposed and looked as though it had been moved from a different location, judging by how shallow the grave was and how frequently this park was used.
“You might be a Belstaff, but you are still a vampire, Sherlock. I swear, did you read anything about what you’d become before you decided to be changed?”
"Yeah," Greg said as he plucked a stained menu from an empty table nearby. "Order whatever you'd like. Just stay away from the fried mozzarella sticks. They err…not what they actually are."
“We should —” John starts but is stopped again by another kiss, his one with a tinge of desperation on the surface of Sherlock’s lips. John’s eyes slip shut as he returns the kiss, the lingering questions pushed away once more. He needs this. They both do, and that’s fine. They are allowed to be weak and reckless.
"Well," John muttered around a very full mouth of steaming hot fish, "Sherlock offered me lodgings temporarily just until this whole thing blew over. However... One thing led to another, my suit is in pieces on Sherlock's floor, and I needed clothes from my hotel room." He kicked the bag under the table, "But if he'll have me longer… I'm not leaving his side."
Sherlock stared at her, nonplussed. “Well, obviously…it’s The Work, Molly. There are constantly cases to be investigated, and Lestrade knows that the rest of the Yard is wholly incompetent without the assistance of John and myself.”
So, yes, it was possible that John didn’t need or want Sherlock to theorise into anything in his past any more than he already had. But here was this woman, who walked in knowing this version of John that Sherlock had yet to meet. It gave him an unsettled sensation in his stomach. As if he was missing an invaluable clue in an incredibly important case.
At first, he’d decided against changing the omega’s clothing, but after thinking it over, he’d taken into account that it might be more than a bit not good to wake up covered in your own blood.
The thick carpeting of the room softens his footfalls as he grabs at bits of his clothing before padding down the stairs and out the front door. The walk of shame is more of a brisk jog as John pulls out his mobile and calls for an Uber.
“You catalogue data. You try to make sense of the world by reducing it to maths and formula, predictable patterns that you can deduce and understand. You made a career off it, for Christ’s sake. I know that. I overreacted when I should have known better.”
John quirks an eyebrow before glancing down at his drink and chuckling. “Oh, he didn’t change it. I did. Thought I might as well be as accurate as possible.”
John rolls his eyes playfully at Sarah as he grabs the chart from the wall outside the room and heads inside. His shock at who is sitting in the chair beside the examination table is such a punch to the gut that John is amazed he’s still standing.
He’s not slept here for at least six months, and the spring mattress feels completely different to Sherlock’s memory foam. The pillows are awkward too; polyester rather than goose feather. They’re subtle differences, but it’s enough to catch his body off guard. Normally, he could deal with it. During the few cases they’ve had outside of London, he’s never had any problem drifting off in unfamiliar sheets. He’s not fussy. As long as it’s a somewhat horizontal space, he’ll take it, but the bed just feels so empty.
“Oh my darling,” Irene says in a soothing tone, clearly sensing Molly’s mood without her having to speak a word. “Who’s the wanker I’ll be disemboweling then?”
“Not fair. You too.” John mimicked the action, Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms slipping down far more easily than John’s jogging pants. They continued to move, desperate to create more friction, barely stopping to push up Sherlock’s cotton undershirt. “Christ, how can everything about you be this fucking gorgeous?”
Sherlock considered going upstairs, finding John and starting his collection right away, but he remembered the hurt in John’s eyes and his resolve shrunk. Tomorrow.
John inhales a deep breath before exhaling out. The scent of Sherlock’s cologne clings to his nose and chin, and he nods as well as he can while being hugged.
Sherlock closes the gap from his lips to the space between John’s inner thigh and left testicle, and gives a long lick. John gasps at the heat and clever tongue work.
That’s what Sherlock called her, and John hated the fact that she was given a title at all - let alone one with such a formidable hue. Now with close to two and a half years removed from when Sherlock deduced that the final problem would begin with a phone call and end with a fall, John realized that it wasn’t hate that fueled his fury towards her. It was something bone-deep that scorched jealousy marks on everything that it touched, and John was just another victim.
John unceremoniously dumps Sherlock in his chair, and mumbles something about getting him some water. Sherlock’s skin itches as the contact is withdrawn, but he can’t focus on it for long, as he is overwhelmed with giggles when he turns to watch John walk into the kitchen. The doctor is swaying as he walks, losing his balance every couple of steps, grasping for whatever furniture is closest to help keep him upright.
“I want to be the one you use as a sex toy,” I begin. “I want to be bent over and rammed so hard and fast that I feel it the next few mornings. I want to be intimately connected with all matters of every part of your mouth and pelvis. I want your moans to etch into my hippocampus. I want your fingerprints to bruise parts of my body that only you get to touch. I want to be the one who shouts out your sexual skills to the heavens like an auctioneer until my throat goes raspy with praises. Then I want you to hold me until I recover enough to want to be fucked nearly unconscious again.”
“I don’t understand,” John says. “I mean…your artistic eye is stunning but there are so much lovelier things to paint than me.”
Sherlock glances over to the entrance of the bar before looking back over at John, who seems to be chewing his bottom lip as if swallowing back something a little too hard to keep down. The expression is one Sherlock recognises all too well.
Five weeks appears to be a theme in our lives now, because five weeks later, after a few awkward phone calls with a few boys and one muscle bound bear of a man who tried to talk to John during a case for the Yard, it was decided that a more visible acknowledgement of John and my new relationship was needed.
Sherlock actually called Greg by his actual first name. John almost falls over right there on the spot.
“I’m aware that it’s you, Sherlock…” John hissed. “Why the hell did you not tell me about it, and even worse, sneak it in my duffel bag when I was going to be going through airport security?”
The plush carpeting of the room softened the sound of her crimson red high heels as she moved forward. The light of the desk light eventually aided John into seeing her properly now. Ebony stockings and garters with a matching corset and thong that may as well have been sprayed onto her moments before. A John from what may as well been another life would have marveled at such beauty approaching him with such a specific intention.
“Used to it?” Lestrade parroted, the tone almost fond. “You deserve a medal for heroic service in the name of Queen and Country.”
Irene nods in agreement as she pulls the slide off the microscope stage and places it on the metal table next to her. Sherlock notices the slide looks like it is caked in some type of crystallised substance. A cracking noise floats through the air, and then silence again.
“It’s...no,” he muttered back, but his usual air of impertinence made the lie ring particularly hollow in the morgue. He was getting tired of so many insistent emotions clouding his judgement. “I mean...maybe. I have been having difficulty with splitting up my time for The Work and John. He states that he understands that the Work comes first, but then he gets angry whenever it interferes.”
Four back to back shifts, and none of them had been anything less than tedious. The answers and clues were more obvious in each case that was handed over to him. Forensics was supposed to be full of fascinating discoveries and complex clues, but instead, it was monotonous paperwork and seeing Anderson’s stupidity on a semi-regular basis.
"Could I not do what? Sit in the kitchen? Write case notes while trying to eat your oversalted bolognese?"
Sherlock giggled even harder. “I beg to differ...Lestrade seemed to get the general idea of you easing into me fairly well. “
No chapter count yet because we're still writing this story. Someone send us hand massagers though, these boys are really giving our fingers a workout.
“Is this about your doctor, then?” She asked, taking a sip of her own drink and leaning back into her seat, her legs delicately crossed in front of her.
“The morgue of St Barts seems fitting,” she says, her focus still on the microscope lens. “For both of us…”
John pressed the talk icon with the pad of his thumb and switched to the speakerphone option. The sounds of London morning blared through the once quiet room, and the deep baritone grumbles of Sherlock began.
“Sherlock?” John calls out, but there is no answer. Instead, as he moves down the stairs, he hears the small shufflings of the kettle, the padding of bare feet on the wooden floor, and lastly the most disturbing thing he has ever heard since moving in with Sherlock. The sound of Sherlock whistling. What the hell?
Tightening both his legs and arms around Sherlock, he squeezed his eyes shut and let out one low sigh. He inhaled again, then screamed Sherlock's name as the dam broke and floodgates opened on the exhale. He was vaguely aware that his nails were digging into Sherlock's shoulders, but he couldn't find it in him to care or to relax his grip. All that mattered was the hand teasing the crown of his cock, and the cock deep inside him.
“I’ve been here, in your ‘mind palace’, on a few occasions. It’s just that this time, you see me. Usually not a good sign of things to come.”
"Yes," Sherlock answered, humming at all of the affection kisses John placed on his skin. "I never dealt with such an incessant need to tell anyone around me what was on my mind, but us in bed is constantly something I crave. It's unbelievable how you drive me wild. I'm not usually such a tactile person...but with you, I need to touch you. Every day if I could.
Sex. Right...that. This chapter is full of it. Not so much a warning as a humble brag. Sort of. Ignore me, everyone. It's been a long week. Comments and kudos are the breath of life and make the bees happy. I promise that I will finally get to responding to all of the lovely comments I have received very soon.
John stilled at the admission, or maybe it wasn’t technically that. It was hard to tell when Molly’s voice trembled that way. Like a newly born fawn testing out its legs for the very first time. Each word shook, but with that tiny thread of bravery of
John sat back on his knees and reached for the second condom. Tearing it open with his teeth, he spat the bit of foil in his mouth over the side of the bed then rolled the condom over Sherlock's cock. It was almost a shame he wouldn't be able to taste the clear liquid leaking from his tip. He promised himself that as soon as they'd both received their test results, he'd spend a full thirty minutes tasting Sherlock's perfect cock.
John can’t help but frown, imagining which area of the body he would punch each of Sherlock’s former lovers first for not doing what should come naturally with someone as brilliant as Sherlock. Sherlock gives a small chuckle and reaches out. His fingers interlace with John’s, and the first touch sends a warm glow through John. His body has been aching for this, every cell experiencing withdrawal symptoms at being so far apart from the detective. This touch feels like a breath of fresh air.
The song changes again, and Sherlock runs a hand through his curls. He knows this song, at least, and the memories around it aren’t very good.
John is trying to be both sensible and logical at the end. Tune in tomorrow to see if he's successful.
“Are you upset?” Sherlock finally asked, dropping his gaze to the floor, watching one foot move in front of the other.
It was as if someone had run an electrical current through Sherlock's body. The man arched off the sofa, and his thighs tightened like he was going to try and stand up. John pressed his free hand to Sherlock's stomach and pushed him back against the sofa.
“Is everything alright between you two? He usually only spits dragon fire at me during his deductions.”
. He was helping a family move jewellery and paintings from their penthouse before everything was repossessed. Once the family of a rich businessman, who’d killed himself when his company went under. The wife was desperate to retain
Around 7 pm: he was at his bedsit poking at a TV microwave dinner. Some sort of brown meat in a suspicious gravy. Mashed potatoes on the side. It also looked very suspicious.
When John awoke, it was dark out, and the clock proudly proclaimed it 11:47 Wednesday night in bright green numbers. John rolled onto his side and opened his mouth to ask Sherlock if he'd be wanting dinner. But the words caught in his throat when he realised the other half of the bed was completely empty. Panic had John wide awake, though not thinking clearly, in a matter of seconds. He reached for the gun sitting on the nightstand and tore through the flat. Somehow missing the fact that the bathroom door was shut and the sound of water echoed through the hall.
. The body was found this morning up at Parkland Walk. Forensics put the time of death around midnight last night. Sherlock, Pierce hasn’t left the station, but it’s exactly the same MO. The keys, the strangulation, everything. I’d say it’s a copycat, but, well, we haven’t released the details to the public yet. There’s nothing to copy from.” Lestrade’s voice was straining, teetering on the verge of panic. Sherlock hadn’t heard it many times before; Lestrade must have been under pressure from above. “Sherlock, we need you.”
Slipping his gun out of its holster, he placed his finger over, but not on the trigger and reached for the doorknob. John pulled it open with a hasty yank, and after a moment, lowered the gun. Standing beside a series of bags that made Sherlock's yarn collection seem tiny was the man who had driven them to the Apex the day before.
Sherlock takes a sip of water as they begin to walk down the street. The liquid is soft against his throat, and he slurps it down, not realising how thirsty he was. He feels hot in ways that can’t be healthy, and John being so close isn’t helping at all. Even their shadows seem to be intimately connected. A topic is needed to help muscle through all the weighted silence. Sherlock searches for anything to say that’s safe and decidedly not about what keeps coming to the forefront of his mind.
That wasn’t what Sherlock wanted at all, but it appeared that was precisely what kept occurring when Irene Adler was involved. There was a constant tit for tat in their relationship, dictated by the darker parts of what Sherlock was willing to do to solve a case and prove that he had the sharper mind. However, this situation was irritatingly different. Anything involving John was.
"Aren't you supposed to be all about a good time," Sherlock asked, pointing an accusatory finger in John's direction. "When did you turn into such a stick in the mud? Is it the socks I knitted? Did they drain all your
There was a chill in the air—wetness without the heat. John had stopped and was now resting on his elbows and looking up at him. That same look of deep suspicion.
“John’s cab was in an accident. Minor injuries, but John hit his head on the passenger window, so they wanted to make sure he didn’t have a concussion. He marked you as his emergency contact, Sherlock. They only called me because they couldn’t get a hold of you.”
John shivers. That in itself is horrifying; that his wreck of a sister has become the sane one. She’s never met Sherlock, yet she knew exactly what had happened just through John’s stories. Is he that obvious?
For the longest of moments, Sherlock just glares at John. There’s a neutrality to Sherlock’s face that John begrudgingly admires. Then, just as John is about to threaten calling the police again, Sherlock slowly pulls out a mobile phone from his inner coat pocket, presses a few buttons, then faces the phone so that John can see the video playing on the screen.
Sherlock inhales deeply before his eyes open. The brightness of the room is too much, and he narrows his field of vision, instinctively holding up his hand to block out the light. The tips of his fingers are wrinkled and numb, as if he’s spent too long in the bath. His Belstaff coat is no longer on him, and his clothing feels slightly damp.
the bag had not left John’s sight. He had packed late in the night before a very handsy Sherlock had pulled him away for what ended up being a sultry reminder of what John’s cock would be missing while in Dublin. John ended up racing out of the flat late because of it. Admittedly, his duffel bag had felt a bit heavier than it did the night before, but that was due to a boyfriend with an exemplary refractory period and a nonexistent gag reflex.
Tears brim within the eyes above him, and Sherlock’s heart squeezes in his battered chest before he tilts his chin up just enough for John to realise he wants him to lean in. John’s breath is warm and begins to dry Sherlock’s wettened skin.
with the blood flow. His nipples were erect and so sensitive that even the small amount of friction from the bunched up duvet was having him twitch and contort.
"I would suggest calling Dr Watson or Mr Moran?" Mycroft said. "Perhaps they would be able to calm my little brother - "
He pushed the thoughts of the case aside. He could make time for this; it was important. That was what Molly had advised, wasn’t it? Make time for John. If he returned home as soon as possible, he could upload more data before John got back. He’d have a usable spreadsheet in a few days, and he could begin to see the patterns he needed to maintain to keep John by his side.
"Ready when you are, Mr Holmes and Dr Watson," the driver said after shutting the boot. "Anywhere we need to head before I take you back to Baker Street?"
“Talk to me, John...please,” I rasp. I need some sort of concrete proof that I haven’t left my body because of what this man is doing to it with his mouth. A puff of a giggle lands on my inner thigh.
“John? John Watson?” The interrupting voice came from behind them, back in the direction of the lift. Sherlock continued walking, blocking out the noise — probably just another fan — but John stopped.
"John," Sherlock shouted, trying to break up the two men as they tussled on the ground. "He was invited. This is Sebastian Moran, an associate I - "
“Because you’re drifting closer to me, and although your doctor is braver than most...he can’t break through certain precipices.”
Understandably, that is not a viable alternative for a multitude of reasons. John hasn’t shown any direct interest in me as far as I have been able to deduce. Not since that infuriating night at Angelo’s.
Irene, as always, looked good in anything, although she was quick to remind Molly that whilst their bodies looked quite different, there was no one way to be trans. Molly tried to remind herself of this, chanting in her head on a daily basis that she had no obligation to look a certain way for anyone. Some days, it was harder than others, especially when arseholes at the supermarket insisted on pointing it out.
The morgue. It is quiet and empty, except for Irene sitting and looking through a microscope at a bench on the far end of the room. Sherlock can’t help but think how much she reminds him of himself, even if she were not dressed in his clothing.
. However, I might not have used your name. It's all a bit of a blur, caught me by surprise at how bloody true it was."
He excused himself from the flat, ignoring John’s confused look as Sherlock grabbed his coat and ran down the stairs, barely uttering an explanation of where he was going. In the cab, he dialled a number he never thought he’d use again, and brought the phone up to his ear.
“What’s going on?” Lestrade asks breathlessly, his eyes flickering between the detective and Anderson, both sporting thunderous looks.
There’s a mischievous glint in her eye that, less than a year ago, John would have jumped on without question. He likes flirting; he’s good at it. The push and pull of two people, finding all the right buttons to press, not knowing if the other person is really into you until they’re slipping you their phone number on a napkin and inviting you up to their hotel room. There’s a thrill there that he’s missed. Before, there would have been no question; no hesitation, but now...
John raises an eyebrow, a sly smile reaches his lips. “You’re not supposed to know about that.” He sighs, pushing his left hand into his trouser pocket. “That’s exactly why I have to try. We’ve been through so much already, surely there’s still something worth fighting for.”
"Mary and I worked together as a team for months. She was the head nurse in our ward. Knew as much as any other doctor, more sometimes. At first, she was charming, the perfect embodiment of a sweet and caring nurse. She'd dote on her patients, joke with the other nurses or doctors. Honestly, just doing what the rest of us did, making the best out of being stuck in a bloody war zone. Then she got recommended for the job with Mr Holmes. And that's when the real fun began."
The server made a fast getaway with a hasty excuse about getting them more wine. “On the house!” Sherlock’s gaze stayed frozen on John.
“Why the bloody hell are we talking about this right now?” John groaned. “Or in this setting...or on this planet?”
An eruption of fresh tears bursts forward from Molly’s eyes, and both Irene and Greta make similar empathetic sounds. A paw with calico markings is placed on Molly’s knee, and soon, she is surrounded by the three other cats in her flat, including a small new addition named Laverne. Her soft orange fur and bright green eyes both seem to shimmer in the artificial light of the flat.
And of course, John doesn’t look flustered about that at all. He’s as self-assured in red pants and purple dressing gown as any of the other clothing that Sherlock has seen him in so far.
“Fifty-six pages,” Sherlock says, the twitch of a smile appearing on his face. “Documentation on various ways of kissing you, holding you...what makes you laugh the hardest. The different shades of your eye colour when you climax...you are endlessly fascinating, John.”
John's lips twitched up into a smirk for the first time that evening. He was rather proud of the glass shards and pieces of picture frames that neither of them had bothered to clean up. They were a reminder that their brief moment of peace
After a dinner that Sherlock barely eats, wrapped up in what John is fairly certain is one of his own bedsheets, John's practically on the verge of a meltdown.
Somewhere along the way, he’d forgotten that. It had been quite obvious to him before, when all the objects of his affection turned and pushed him away, but he hadn’t quite realised how dangerous it could be when reciprocated. John occupied the majority of his thoughts. Even on cases, his once focussed mind had been split in two, obsessed with analysing the man before him.
Lestrade's smile turned slowly into a frown before leaning back a bit in his seat. "Yeah, I've heard of him. The name is in some documents on a few rape cases. A nutter vigilante who took care of a few pieces of shit who got away…" Greg stopped talking at the blank look on John's face. "Holy shit…you?
John found peace in the second year with Mary. She’d allow John to ramble on about old murder mysteries and ignored that John still kept a Belstaff coat in his closet. She was funny and smart and then she was gone. It should have mattered more that she left. That the scorecard of those who fled from John Watson had gained another point on their side, and yet John instead went into autopilot. Apologized with the methodical precision of a surgeon, and all of the clinical coldness as well.
A secret that Mary and a few others kept close to their chests, like the overly long dressing gown hidden in the back of a drawer full of socks or the reason why John promised not to drink anymore.
There were birds soaring in the lining of his eyelashes, and surge number three made a mighty escape into John's somehow still waiting mouth. Finally, a shudder of a groan flowed through Sherlock's chest, and he sank into the sofa, John's name repeated over and over and over again.
about you,” John whispers. The context of the words feel somewhat familiar, and Sherlock races through the files of his mind to link them to a previous conversation. Then, there it is. Mary. John’s talk about Mary and her questions about all of John’s sexual past. “And I told her...she knows.”
Sherlock all but rolls his eyes, taking another deep drag and dumping himself unceremoniously into his chair. “No, John. Contrary to your belief, you can’t fix everything. Stop being my doctor.”
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to openly gape, and he does. Then scoffs a couple of times because even if he can’t walk through doorways properly anymore, his upper-crust sensibilities refuse to be distracted by a phenomenal shag.
“In the last days, all I could think about was you. Where you were, who you were with, whether you were okay. Mrs Hudson threatened to evict me if I didn’t stop pacing the floor, and I’m only half certain she was joking.” Sherlock quickly looks over his shoulder before turning back to the window. “When we were together, I thought you distracted me. There was always a part of my brain focused on you, constantly rearranging data into my mind palace. But then you left, and I realised — I wasn’t distracted at all.  Your absence defined you; I hadn’t realised how much I relied on you until you were no longer there. You ground me, John. You keep me right.” John notices Sherlock’s hands flicker at his sides as if he is refraining from reaching out. John keeps his ground, his shoulders softening slightly at the honesty laced into Sherlock’s voice. He’s about to interrupt when Sherlock continues, “I was scared, so I pushed you away. I ignored how I was feeling in the hopes that it would disappear. Because I rarely ever feel like this, and the few times I have, I ended up getting hurt. I didn’t want you to hurt me, so I shut you out. Placed you in a box that I could easily manage, and in the process — I lost you.”
The music switches up to a song Sherlock doesn’t recognise, but the crowd roars out the lyrics and Sherlock suddenly feels very old. It’s been so long since he has ever been somewhere like this.
“Come on…” Harry grumbles as she passes him two slices of what John thinks is probably toast, underneath all the burned bits. “It’s been ages since I’ve cooked eggs on the stove…at least I got most of the shells out.”
With a smirk, Sherlock points to one of the pages. There is a small list of numbered tasks and he watches as John’s smile falters.
The colour and sounds all swell into a rush of approval that John didn’t realise could be real. An older woman and her partner dance arm in arm as ABBA plays, truly having the time of their life. John wonders how long they’ve been together, and can imagine Sherlock and himself at their age in another forty years, just as happily in love.
The confession is too tender and soft for Sherlock to know how to handle it with the care that it requires.
“Sherlock?” John begins to ask, unsure of what his exact question will be, but Sherlock cuts him off quickly with another utterance of ‘case’ without ever taking his eyes off the sketchpad.
Blindly, Sherlock reached into the bedside table, pulling out a small bottle of lube. He made a mental note to buy more as he squirted a generous amount over his fingers and palm, before grasping both of their cocks and stroking. Sherlock grinned when John let out a lewd chuckle and quickened the pace, his lips parting as his breathing increased.
“Tell me about your day,” Sherlock said. The articles were very direct, asking your partner this was incredibly important. John’s smile faltered.
Sherlock turns his whole body towards John and slides closer. John's enraptured by how breathtaking Sherlock's eyes look at this angle. The usually ethereal shades of blue now a brighter shimmer of gold within the strands of his irises. A sunset upon an ocean wave calling him ever closer, and
Their carefully placed lunches were ignored on the table as if they understood that going cold over difficult conversations were always a possibility. Molly’s right hand began to reach over to place it on top of John’s left, but then reconsidered. There was an odd unwarranted intimacy in the act that Molly didn’t want to unpack. So she instead pretended that it was the fork she had been wanting instead, grabbed it tightly, and began to pick at her pasta. "Information about what, exactly?”
“I feel everything, all at once. But I’m not prepared for anything like what he would want with me, even if by some chance he was actually interested in a sexual relationship.”
Moans are interesting phenomena. They can register with whoever is making them a variety of conclusions. A gentle touch of a delicate lover, or the wary note of a very trying workday. Or in Sherlock’s case, what it must feel like to be hit by a lorry truck loaded with oversized boulders.
“We can still work with that,” John mutters, as he takes a few steps back, seemingly to give Sherlock more space. “Since you’re already in transformation mode now...to get you back to your wingless state, you have to...think of me again. Just this time instead of calling out...or yearning for me, the emotion is softer. Like you need to keep me safe. Protect me as if I’m a precious secret.”
She breathed a heavy sigh. “But it does matter, Sherlock. You can want to be close without wanting more. Your desire for John doesn’t make your identity any less valid. I have myself dealt with many clients who are within the grayscale of asexuality. Some have requested sex and enjoyed it, but they are still asexual.”
“I’m sorry I yelled,” John whispers, “it’s just…I thought that you told me that you’d had sex before, so the shock of - “
Sherlock’s brow furrows, but John doesn’t push it further. He doesn’t have the energy for this. Not today. It’s taking all the effort he has to do this at all. It’s not like he wants to end their relationship; it’s just that he can’t take Sherlock’s hot and cold nature anymore. Not knowing what version of Sherlock he’ll be dealing with on the other side of 221b. His heart and mind can’t take the constant weariness. Not as his romantic partner.
"I already told Sherlock this, but Mary has a habit of celebrating victories. After a job well done, we'd spend the night in bed surrounded by whatever chocolate we could scrounge up and red wine. How she always managed to have a bottle was a mystery to me, but I thought it cute at the time.  Plus, with the local laws regarding drinking, who was I going to complain to when a whole bottle of wine was being offered up to me?"
Although, realistically, he knows this, the sentence still takes John’s breath away. He almost strides forward and closes the gap between them, wanting to physically reciprocate the statement of affection — but he catches himself at the last moment. This is a big step. Huge, especially for Sherlock, but love isn’t a magic cure. They need more. They need the groundwork to be laid before they begin to devour each other, running on the fumes of lust.
The omega blinked and his head swayed unnervingly. His eyes seemed to shift in and out of focus before finally sliding closed, much to John’s frustration. “Fuck… I said stay with me!” The curse escaped in a low hiss but John’s mind was already two steps ahead of itself as yet another rush of panic set in. His hands worked swiftly, rolling up the sleeve of his own shirt and tugging roughly at the inner seam. The fabric ripped easily and he managed to tear a long strip free before laying it over the shallow gash at the back of the omega’s head. A thin layer of congealing blood seeped through the cloth, soaking it through as a deep red stain began to spread over it at a slow but steady pace. The amount of blood concerned him, but only a bit, having the wits about him to remember that most nicks to the head tend to bleed more than other injuries due to a large number of blood vessels around the skull. Though the wound may not be dangerously deep, it was certainly deep enough to account for significant blood loss if not dealt with properly.
"You want us to be friends, but then you can only see me as your former lover. We have a lovely night, and you rail off as if we are still dating even though I am doing what I have always done, John. Maybe you should decide what you actually want, rather than attacking me all the time.”
“I can’t do this anymore,” John mutters. “Not any of it...not if I want to maintain any shred of dignity I have.”
As he steps across the threshold, his eyes roam quickly across the space, trying to determine where he is. The walls of this room are lilac, and on the far right wall is a king-sized bed. On — everything in this room is exactly the same as room 44.
To accent the point, Irene pulls a comically sized bottle of high-end champagne out of the basket. Molly stares at it in disbelief. How the hell did Irene fit that in the basket?
Although, he couldn’t deny that a small shiver ran down his spine at the praise. It settled somewhere between his legs, and he had to take a sharp breath to focus himself back on the task at hand. Luckily neither John or Lestrade seemed to notice.
Sherlock could practically hear the blush creeping up John’s neck. Scuffs on the floor indicated John had shuffled his feet, a particular nervous habit of his.
It was John’s idea, although, in hindsight, he might have been joking. Anyway, it gets the idea across to anyone who thinks John is still available.
?” she continues, sitting down opposite him for more effective cross-examination. “Clearly you didn’t make it back to the bed-sit.”
“If I haven’t made it clear enough with my actions, then hear my words, Sherlock. I get a thrill out of being in your afterlife as much as your bed… and I have no plans of leaving either of them anytime soon, as long you'll have me.”
John looks up into Sherlock’s face as his heart catches up with his breathing. From all sides of the flat there are images of him in every painting style known to man, and yet all he can do is try and fail to wrap his head around the very notion that Sherlock wanted to create every last one of them. Because he thinks that John is lovely.
“No battlefields here, I’m afraid. What do you want, Mycroft?” John immediately feels his shoulders tensing, straightening out, puffing his chest outwards.
Had he been doing that? John hasn’t consciously been avoiding the detective, but the more he thinks about it, the more he realises that he’s been finding excuses not to be alone with Sherlock. Each time they find themselves alone, John has to work harder and harder to keep himself in check. If anyone had asked, he would have never said they were an overly affectionate couple, but he hadn’t realised until now just how much they would casually touch. The loss feels like an hole in his heart, one he’s not sure how to fill.
Sherlock eventually turns towards John’s direction once more, the paper in his hand beginning to sag.
"Domestic abuse… It got bad, but she protected us. She was keeping him from us when he pulled the knife. We were in my room. She was outside the door, keeping him out. Harry and I heard her screaming at us to run for a neighbour. Harry pulled me through the window… and that was the last I saw her."
Never in his life had John uttered those words to anyone save his parents and his sister when they were little. No girlfriend, or onetime lover, had ever had those words directed at them from his lips. Yet, he'd said it willingly, freely, and had meant it completely. "Three words that only my immediate family has ever heard uttered from my lips," John spoke slowly but with purpose. It didn't matter that a man who'd just tried to kill him sat within punching distance. Sherlock deserved to hear this. "Granted, this might not be word for word, but I think I said
It was all a game to her. A puzzle to be scattered across the various surfaces and jumbled until the one in her web fell over with exhaustion. Then she would creep forward and suck out their intellect. Her laughter was as piercing as her stares, and she pulled people in with the curves of her body that opened combination locks to reveal deadly intentions.
Lestrade coughed out a laugh that may have caused him physical harm if he held it in much longer. Sherlock ignored him.
With a surge of satisfaction at John’s deep frown, Sherlock waved over the server and asked for the bill. They spent the cab ride home in silence, John staring soldier-like out of the front window, and Sherlock leaning his chin on his hand, watching the lampposts as they passed by. He recognised an adjacent street and asked the cabbie to stop, ignoring John’s confused glare as he slid out of his seat.
smooth," Mycroft said, sounding very put out. "But my brother has never been normal about anything."
He shifts his body to start looking for his mobile when a new issue pushes its way to the forefront. The brush of his bare foot against the leg of another person in the very same bed. At first, John can’t understand how he missed the very real fact that he wasn’t alone. Perhaps he was so wrapped up in the
“Football tickets,” Sherlock said, his smile barely contained. “To that West Ham v. Leicester City game you’ve been going on and on about since last month.”
She chanced a look up to John’s face again and instantly regretted it. There was a relentlessness just under the surface of all of his features. Warned that if you came to close that it would be the last thing you ever did. A dangerously seductive quality that she only had seen in one other person in her life, but that man hadn’t seen her as anything more than an infatuated colleague who thought her mouth was too small without lipstick.
It feels wrong, for the person across from him to not be Sherlock. They had fallen into a routine; had gotten to know exactly which buttons did what. There was an extra level there that casual relationships never unlocked, but still, he had missed this — the excitement of meeting someone new.
He tied off the bandage at Sherlock’s knee and tossed his supplies back into his medical bag in a hurry and stuffed it under the edge of the couch in case he needed it later. For the moment, the omega seemed to be doing about as well as he possibly could and that was all that John could hope for. His wounds had been cleaned and patched up to the best of John’s ability, but there was still one hurdle that needed to be cleared. For this, he needed a sheet of paper, a pen, and a shit load of courage to say what needed to be said.
“John,” the man replies, looking way too haughty considering he’s broken into John’s bedsit. “You have a
Thank you so much for reading! We hope you’ve enjoyed reading our fic baby, we’ve had so much fun writing this story.
"It's brilliant," John leaned over and kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose. "I'll wear it every day. Well.. maybe not every day. But I'll wear it proudly."
Whatever leftover concerns that Sherlock had that he wouldn't be able to keep John satisfied in bed evaporated at that very moment in time. He felt like he had just run a marathon, and he could probably sleep through an atomic bomb, but first needed to capture this sensation in every tiny place that there was in his mind palace.
It was as if John was always by his side, and it was wondrous. The cologne helped carry Sherlock through the day when John wasn’t there, and assisted him in focusing when he began to wander too much within his mind palace. Perhaps John could sense the change within Sherlock as well. He commented on how well-rested and focused Sherlock was, even when a case wasn’t front and centre. So Sherlock decided that it was time to take the next step, even if it was yet another small one.
Maybe it was guilt, or perhaps anger, but the beer started to sour in John's stomach. Lunch at Indigo's had been so long ago it hardly felt like the same day. He pushed the dregs of his pint away and looked up to the bar.
Sherlock gave a small sniff. "If it was the round red table in the hallway, it was from Mycroft, so splendid if you did throw it out."
"Tell me what you like, what you don't like. I don't do water sports, scat, blood, or kidnapping fantasies. I'm open to trying anything else."
We have news, though! There WILL be a part 2! These boys wouldn't shut up, so we're already 30k+ into part two! So if you haven't already, go ahead and hit subscribe to the series, because that should alert you when we post a second story!
“You know it’s good,” John answered. His face turned just enough to look deeply into Sherlock’s eyes. “It’s always good.”
Perhaps it was this sight that had Greg lose the ability to take precautions. To pause long enough to call for backup or do anything that his years of training taught him. Instead, he heard the crunch of glass and who knew what else under his shoes as he rushed forward and jostled John to wakefulness with shaking hands. John’s only response was a groan as his eyes slowly opened wide, and then he screamed out; a woeful wail of a creature that was already too far gone and begging to have its neck snapped in a final act of mercy.
The little cafe was one she had only passed by once in a while. The type of place that was more geared towards the newly in love or the stubbornly single. Molly didn’t fit in either category, so she felt even more out of place as she sat down in the chair held out for her by John. His warm smile enough to remind her of how much she missed seeing it.
Sherlock knows enough about the city to realise that he is about to reach the docks. Cobblestone under his feet turns abruptly into wooden planks as Briggs tosses out a string of curse words and takes a flying jump onto a nearby boat, tied with only a single piece of rope. His dark and beady eyes dart in every direction as it quickly dawns on him that he’s trapped.
“Sherlock, have you seen—” As he turns to face the detective, he finds it. Sherlock has been typing furiously away on it for the last ten minutes, whilst John ran around like a headless chicken trying to find it. Of course. “Why are you using my laptop?”
This was what an existence with Sherlock Holmes did to everything it touched. It bent and twisted sensibilities and sexualities in the shapes of enveloping scenarios. So that a perfectly well-adjusted ex-army doctor with a documented limp now raced down the streets of Rome.
I sigh, steepling my fingers under my chin as I contemplate my options. John is upstairs, bedding his latest conquest, and the grunts and groans and creaks from his bed have already begun to echo down the staircase. My room is out of the question; the floors are thin in our old flat, and the amorous noises from above will make it impossible to concentrate there, let alone sleep. It’s not much better in the main space of the flat, but at least here the noises do not feel so close. I could wear headphones — drown John out with the familiar sounds of Vivaldi or Bach, but there is only so long one can listen to them on repeat. I have played my entire collection twice this week already, and I refuse to stoop so low to listen to anything from John’s collection. Half of those songs are about sex anyway. Besides, sometimes drowning the noises out makes them more obvious — reminds you that there is something you’re trying to ignore.
Whispers of Irene and Sally’s words crash against the base of his skull like fireflies trapped in a bell jar, but he still journeyed forward. Passport cracked around the edges due to being clutched far too tight in a hand that had felt walls tremble under already bruised knuckles.
“John, what do you think about the keys being in their right jacket pockets when the earlier cases the keys were in the left? Do you have a theory?”
John can’t remember the last time he slept alone. Not since those dark intrusive thoughts inside that horrible bedsit, before he met the man who would turn his life upside down in the most brilliant and maddening of ways.
“It happened once, but it’s not what you think, ok? Ms. Alder is a Madame of sorts. After the army, I needed money and wanted to turn other humans who were more willing than I ever was. She provided that service and needed to ensure that I knew what I was capable of in the bedroom.”
They began to kiss, and a surge of heat flooded Sherlock’s body, and his racing mind slowed down. This would be fast, but he would make sure that it was indeed enjoyable. John moaned as Sherlock broke the kiss and managed a hand in between them. John’s erection was already digging into the side of his thigh, and Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle himself.
Molly breathes a sigh of relief as the heavy door clicks shut behind her. She takes a step back, closing her eyes and letting her back hit the cold wood behind her. There are a few seconds of tense quiet, where the air feels heavy, the silence ringing in her ears. Then, all at once, her muscles relax, dropping the tension she’d been carrying since she left Barts. Her bag slides off her shoulder and clunks as it hits the floor, the bottle of wine she’d bought on the way home rolling slightly on the uneven floor. Her rucksack digs into her back, the water bottle inside lodging itself into the divet of her spine, but she does not attempt to move it. Her eyes are sticky and wet, and a tear carves its way down her cheek.
“Talk to me.” John knelt in front of Sherlock, placing a hand on his knee, eyes searching his face. He looked so beautiful, crouched there. Lestrade had informed them that there was still a killer on the loose, one which was probably pissed off with them for bagging their partner, and yet all John cared about was Sherlock. It was infuriating.
“Then try again,” Harry interrupts, her hands now on her hips. “In different ways if you must. You go on and on about Sherlock being nothing but a walking computer...so maybe he really doesn’t see problems and solutions  in the same way as you? Maybe before you assume he’s not listening or not giving a shit about what you give a shit about, you check in? Ask questions before making assumptions.”
"Shit, what," John snapped, still groggy and unable to differentiate sleep and dreams from reality. He lifted his head from Sherlock's sticky chest, forcing his brain to focus. Sherlock had both hands on John's shoulders. It was obvious he'd been trying to wake him. Judging by the position John had fallen asleep in, it was no doubt to get John's weight off his chest.
“I’ve wanted you for years, Sherlock. When you leapt from Barts...when I talked to whatever the hell was in that grave...I felt like a widower. I already said yes to you so many times in my mind and heart that Mary was always doomed to be an afterthought. I love Mary. I truly do, but she was never you. I will
Outside the shop, John sits down on the edge of the pavement and pulls off his socks and shoes, replacing them with the pair he’d just bought. They are delightfully soft against his toes, and he rolls up the bottoms of his jeans to show off the colours better. Sherlock smirks at him, but won’t explain why when John asks.
"Just need to draw her out and think I'm alone. When we were laid up with our wine and chocolate, we'd talk about the love advice column in the Strand. If I write in using a few words, she'll recognize or location about a mysterious lady and a place we met." John dragged a hand through his hair and grunted as they came away coated in drywall. He just looks the part of a disaster. No wonder why the bartender had insisted on cash first before he'd pour the beer.
The bedroom door creaks open seconds later, and John opens his eyes once more to find Sherlock slinking in and crawling onto the mattress. His ebony curls are tousled by sleep, but still lovely to behold.
The next song is something heavy on the bass, and even though Sherlock has no idea what the song is, the crowd around him are happily bobbing their heads to the rhythmic beat. Even though Sherlock can’t hear John’s laughter because of the music, he clearly can see the telltale motions of John’s body and mouth in a fit of giggles. Sherlock tosses back his head and begins to do what is pointedly a waltz. His body moves to and fro, absolutely at odds with the song. The lyrics are a mix of grunts and groans with the occasional
“How the hell are there so many of them,” John asks before gesturing an accusatory hand into the wall of fluttering pride flags. “I don’t think that I can do this. I have no fucking idea what I’m doing and I’m going to offend the entire LGBTQ+ population and why did I ever suggest going to this event with you? I must’ve been drunk.”
The wooden floor creaks beneath their feet as they cross the threshold into the first bar. A few people sitting near the door look up as they enter, but quickly return to their drinks.
"Let me help," Sherlock whispered, bending over and wrapping his hand over John's. He kissed John's neck face as he rubbed up and down, adding the right amount of tension to John's precise movements. "Look at me," Sherlock muttered, and John did. "See what your mind and body does to me."
“Then let me go,” Sherlock screams, his hands flying towards the morgue door and twisting hopelessly at the doorknob. His hands are slippery with sweat as the knob spins round and round but refuses to open.
"Can't understand you, love," John pulled off long enough to smirk up at Sherlock, unable to resist the temptation to tease the man more than he had already, "First memory loss, now you're speaking in tongues. Next, you'll be calling me Jesus."
, which Sherlock called it on his spreadsheet, Sherlock laid out his carefully constructed theories. The ways John smiled at certain things Sherlock said, and how John licked his lips when Sherlock wore certain clothing. Each piece of information was a wealth of knowledge on how to make himself as appealing as possible.
Whether this is real or just a figment of Sherlock’s dying imagination, he isn’t sure. He begins to dwell on the thought but is interrupted by Irene, continuing her musings.
“God, no.” I seal the sentence by pressing my lips against his, pulling his body closer and letting my instincts take over. It doesn’t take long before he melts into me, letting his guard fall and allowing himself to enjoy the moment.
The server swooped in just in time to take their drink orders, and Molly exhaled a breath that she hadn’t known she had been holding when John requested only water. The glass stood alongside her own mug of camomile tea, quietly reminding her that John was staying sober. At least before the sun went down.
“How would I have connected that you were pansexual?” Sherlock snaps back, and he can already tell that his voice is strained, but the noise of the club helps soften his shock. Thank goodness for the grace of Beyonce.
It is delightful to hear John’s giggles at any time, but John’s giggles when completely naked and in my bed is life-altering.
John never defended him, and Sherlock didn’t expect him to. He was — a lot. He knew that. Throughout his life, he had been painfully aware of how
"Jesus," John sighed breathlessly, uncaring that his chin was still damp from Sherlock's release. "Oh holy fuck, this is going to make a mess…" He caught sight of his jumper, torn beyond repair on the floor, and hooked a toe under it. Spreading the already ruined fabric over his lap, he did his best to aim as he threw his head back in a growl.
Sherlock lifts up his head to see John sitting down next to him, and places a fresh cup in front of Sherlock before taking a gulp out of his own.
He stayed that way for a while, his brain spinning and spinning, until John placed a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock jumped at the touch; he hadn’t noticed him get up.
The crime scene, if anything, filled Sherlock’s mind with even more  doubt. It was shocking how almost identical everything was to the recent Pierce case. The only striking difference was that the key was placed in the right pocket instead of the left. Why make such a distinct change?
“Sorry,” Greg grunts as the phone is up to his ear again. “This serial homicide case has me exhausted. Trying to catch a few winks before I end up falling over completely.”
He was too busy watching Sherlock reveal his alabaster chest to mourn the loss of the nearly see-through white shirt. Despite having spent so much time staring at it, trying to get a hint of what lay beneath. John drank in every inch of skin and had to remind himself to breathe when the scissors made it to Sherlock's trousers.
Then John blinks before suddenly turning pink in the face. Sherlock stares, trying to will out the rest of John’s sentence, but John is already standing up and grabbing his coat.
“Look...this is probably sudden, but...do you want to go for a drink?. That is, as long as women are still an interest?”
“Hey...are you trying to beat some sort of record?” John gasped after a minute or two of Sherlock’s ministrations. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand with his own and stilled it. “We can take this into the bedroom, yeah? Take each other apart properly…”
mean?" John barked back, his fingers curled into his hair, and came very close to pulling it out. "Why the bloody
"Sherlock," he said, or thought he'd said, at the very least. His lips hadn't moved, so either he'd imagined speaking, or it had come out as a jumble of sound rather than his lover's name. With the greatest amount of effort, he managed to get the fingers of his left hand to twitch and gave Sherlock's hip a clumsy pat.
Sherlock furrows his brow as he takes a step forward, his Belstaff coat still hanging off one shoulder, but he seems to be placing every ounce of his interest in John.
Sherlock huffs before standing up and scanning the area. The dance floor is still mostly empty, but a few women are dancing in one corner. Their friends cheer them on from the other side of the room, and if he had to guess, Sherlock would say they were part of a bachelorette party.
Sherlock’s face drains as John finishes reading the notes at the bottom of the page. “Is this all I am to you? Some experiment?”
“My homeless network had some information for me — a possible connected death to the serial killer case at Hampstead Heath. I needed to go and check it out.”
“That doesn’t make sense.” His drink lay abandoned on the table next to Irene’s glass. He needed to keep a sharp mind; this was more complex than he had foreseen.
John reached for the sink with slightly shaking hands and turned on the cold water. Then used his cupped hands under the running water and splashed it on his face. He breathed in and out hard as he stared at his reflection looking back at him in the oval mirror. His hair was damp, sweat intermingling with the iciness of the splash.
“You’re home,” John muttered, his tone oddly fragile, as if Sherlock were indeed a ghost that might disappear if John spoke too loudly.
His ability to shout is waylaid briefly by the preciousness of caffeine. John takes a few large mouthfuls as he meanders his way through to Harry’s sitting room and plops himself on her flowery sofa. There’s a bottle of paracetamol on the oversized coffee table, and John pops off the top and swallows three.
Securing a strip of bandage around Sherlock’s thigh to protect the burn, John shifted his focus to the sprained knee. Whatever he did would have to be done quickly so he tugged a decent amount of bandaging free from the roll and wrapped the swollen knee to provide a bit of stability and cushioning while Sherlock rested. It wasn’t exactly his best job, but he was running out of time. He could already feel the pull of his alpha instincts threatening to overtake him yet again and he still had more to do yet.
“So magnificent,” John whispers and Sherlock’s cock swells even more. “When you’re like this...writhing on the bed just for me…”
They didn't talk directly about the restaurant again. John had seemed as if he’d wanted to, that first night, twisted around each other, but come morning, he never mentioned a word. Sherlock didn’t push it. He was unsure how he’d bring it up, how to resolve the tension that he was now carrying around with him. As the days passed, it became harder and harder to broach the conversation. So he didn’t.
“I was twelve. I think I’ve always known, on some deep level, but when I was twelve I started researching Alan Turing, just for fun. Somewhere in the books, between all his achievements in the war, was a paragraph about how he was forceably sterlilised for being a homosexual, and his subsequent suicide. It was the first time I’d ever seen the word, and I didn’t know what it meant to be gay. I asked my mother, and she told me, and all of a sudden something just — clicked. I’d always had these feelings inside of me, but I’d never looked too closely at them. But then I had a name for it, and the world made a little more sense.”
John emerges from his room, his head still a buzz from the previous night’s argument. He barely slept at all; replaying what was said on a loop in his mind. The way Sherlock had stared at him when John blurted out that infernal love confession. The look of overwhelming panic in those silver-blue eyes that John had never seen before and hoped to never see again.
Sherlock pulls off with a pop and John screams out a flurry of curse words. However, his rage at the interrupted blow job is quickly remedied as Sherlock presses two slicked fingers at John’s willing entrance. John gives in easily, and the cursing returns in full force. Sherlock feels his fangs distend and tries to be as mindful as he can, although John swivels his hips as if he could be less worried about an accidental puncture.
Two more pints were dropped off while Greg waited for John to order food. The crowd was growing louder by the second, and Lestrade knew that leaving would need to be happening in about the next hour.
“I’m sorry for what happened,” John carries on, his left hand moving slowly to the correct pocket with the ring. “I was wrong back then, and I’m sure I’ll still make some mistakes, but I want you to know that...I am ready and able to spend the rest of my life being the best - “
Sherlock squeezes his hand knowingly, not saying anything but giving a warm smile. John is not a man who cries easily, but he can feel tears welling up in his eyes, and he has to swallow hard to stop them from falling. If he could go back in time, if he could speak to himself as a child, he’d tell himself about this. Explain to sixteen-year-old John that one day, the feelings inside him would make sense. That he’d be able to rid himself of the shame he’d been given, the confusion he carried around everywhere he went.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but stands still so that John can finish taking off his shirt. John smiles in appreciation of what Sherlock looks like bare-chested.
It was exhausting to wait for the other shoe to drop, and yet Sally did so. Made her rounds or pleasantries with a slightly softer edge. That was what made her more approachable as of late. A new attitude to go with the new promotion, and she needed both of them to hang on for the long haul.
Sherlock pulled at John's wrist until their lips met in yet another kiss with a smile at John's laughter. Thankfully, Sherlock had his mobile nearby for proper documentation of any memory lapse if it occurred. Rebuilding his mind palace brick by brick with John within its walls might not be as terrifying as he first thought after all.
At once John’s face goes from quiet reflection to absolute comprehension, and it is quite a sight to behold. I may have to stop him from fainting next.
The stainless steel clangs against the wall as Sherlock surges forwards and slams the drawer shut, hiding the corpse from view. He’s still thinking, still feeling, so he can’t be dead yet.
“You strangled them. Why?” John asked. Pierce responded with a quiet chuckle. John continued on. “Strangulation requires effort; it’s difficult to do and requires you to be with the victim as they died. Why not stab them, or even use poison?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes as Seb took a step towards where John was standing. Sherlock stopped him with a well placed arm and hissed at him to
And oh, his face was a sight to behold. His cheeks were tinged with pink, his neck flush with desire, and there was the most adorable line already working its way into Sherlock's cheek from where the blankets had creased. John kissed the line, swiped his tongue over Sherlock's bottom lip, then sat back and settled cross-legged between Sherlock's legs. He got Sherlock's knees settled on his shoulders, kissing Sherlock's calves as he got him situated.
“So, about your task,” John begins when he gets back to the table. The large glasses of what looks like ale slosh a little as he places them on the table. “I think it would be great to see you dance.”
“Got you, you bastard,” John growled. Pierce squirmed for a second, but John held him steadfast, refusing to yield. “Are you okay?” John turned now to Sherlock, who was inspecting the back of his coat, checking for tears.
The erected penis had that slight curve to the left that John teased about, and when Harold swiveled it around the plump arse had an immaculately true to life anus. The pink pucker of a rosebud that John had planted kisses many times upon its living double. There even was the collection of freckles on the right cheek that John secretly adored. It looked like Orion’s Belt and the closest thing to the solar system that Sherlock would ever live with.
Even hours later John rolled back and replayed his discussion with the boy. His head bowed as he went over multiple new locations to search out in the small motel room. The pamphlets of places that he thought Sherlock might be spread out over the flowery duvet and tiny end table.
“Hey… it’s not what you’re thinking,” John giggles back, but licks his lips anyway. “Actually, yes that can definitely happen later… for now I’m trying to stop you from ripping up what looks like a very expensive button-down if you get too excited.”
His morning utterances are accompanied by a smug look that says ‘You and I have so much in common now!’. As if we were ever so different.
John just grinned, feeling the cool line of the bodyguard in his pocket. He'd managed to get it out of Sherlock's pocket before the EMTs had carried him away, and in the rush to get Sherlock medical attention, no one had bothered to have John step through the metal detectors. He decided he wouldn't tell Greg about the gun he'd literally handed to Sherlock. Instead, he'd just get a target for them to both shoot at when the mood struck.
“I am not!” John protests, but his sentiment is undercut by him tripping over his feet and barely remaining upright.
He could hear, and he could feel Sherlock's laboured breathing below his chest. But he couldn't move or speak. He was in limbo, floating above himself and unable to do anything about it except wait for his faculties to come back.
“You’re early,” she purred as John set foot into the large hotel room and closed the door behind. The smell of lilac and leather crept into his nostrils. The silhouette stood before him, whip down at her side. “That usually means anticipation for what’s about to happen or more time for negotiation. Either reason increases my fee.”
It dawns on John, rather late, that every single person lining these streets is like him. Perhaps not exactly the same, but they all share a common identity, all belonging to the same community. Each person here understands the struggle and is prepared to raise their head with pride, wearing their hearts on their sleeves and saying ‘fuck you’ to anyone that dares challenge them. It’s taken the best part of four decades, but finally, he’s found somewhere he belongs. And he has someone amazing to share it with.
John frowned in spite of himself. His mind raced with what in the hell that even meant. Perhaps the key in the violin? But John had tried to use it in too many locks to recall.
John inhaled a breath as he doubled over and placed his hands on his knees. This ended up being quite a huge mistake as the scent of Sherlock flooded his nose once more, only this time its power made his mouth water. The last of the scent blockers from the hospital seemed to have finally filtered out of his system He wanted to taste and scratch and -
A hand is on top of his, and it takes way too long for Sherlock to look over and confirm that it’s John’s. Logically, few other people would be so brazen to presume that an unsolicited touch is welcome, but Sherlock feels a wave of relief that is almost overwhelming.
“Thank you for saying that,” John replies, then he tilts his head up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “And...I’m sorry that it took me so long to see the power of me not calling you my partner. I didn’t see why it was such a big issue until after the restaurant, but when you got out of the cab...I was so terrified that my stubbornness had pushed you to leave me. I fought to show you after that night that you did matter. That I was
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something directly to John. Anything at the moment. Both a hasty apology and a love confession battle to leave his lips at the same time.
It wasn’t really a question. Sally had been in the field way too long to be that gullible. John Watson was never this polite unless he had a more pointed agenda. Most people weren’t. Strangely this was one of the only things about Sherlock that she truly admired. His bluntness despite what protocol or sensibilities said to the contrary. Qualities that she secretly dreamed that more people had. To be able to call out the wretchedness in people by dirt under their fingernails or the state of their knees.
Holmes now - smoothly took a seat on the couch. As if he bought it centuries ago and finally came round to place it in some third formal living space in a summer mansion. John feared that the prickly entitlement might just pierce the cushions.
They never had to deal with the aftermath. How they seized parts of the living and took them into the darkness. In Sherlock’s case, he took more than was needed. Selfish to an almost comical degree even at the end of it all, and John was left to sort out what remained. The first year had been a cacophony of agony pickled in alcohol. A scream muffled into the neck of a lover or a bottle, with John always waking up the next morning alone.
They take it in turns to buy the rounds, and it’s not long until they’re back in a cab, heading to Leah’s flat. She invites him in, and it’s clear from the tone of her voice that this was her plan all along. John breathes out an unexpected sigh of relief.
John watches himself from what was absolutely the night before. He is smiling, eyes heavily lidded and kissing up Sherlock’s inner thigh. The camera angle adjusts to put John more into the frame, and a deep moan reverberates from off-screen as John licks a long stripe along Sherlock’s right testicle.
Before Lestrade could reply, Sherlock strode out of the house. Anderson shot him a sour look as he passed, and Sherlock redoubled his pace to get out of there even faster. It was bad enough not being any closer to solving this case, he didn’t need the likes of Anderson making sarcastic comments.
“Okay.” John nodded, and Sherlock let his hand fall from where it had still been clutching John’s arm. He was about to turn when John continued: “Even the praise?” The gentle smirk perched on John's lips told a thousand stories. So he had noticed, and Sherlock wasn’t as subtle as he’d thought.
Apparently, Harold thought that finalities connected with fellatio were the height of hilarity. His laughter was barely hidden behind a cough that a doctor would normally examine.
“No need to answer that,” John chuckled. “I picked up a bit of your deducing ability myself. Flushed cheeks. Heavy breathing. Pupil dilation and…” John shifted his index finger and thumb so that it wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist. “...elevated pulse. Oh, Sherlock. You’re gagging for it aren’t you?”
The smell of tea pushes John’s brain back to the present, and he sniffs the air as if he must have imagined the initial whiff. No, it’s definitely there. The slightly spicy smell of the teas he had bought at Tesco the previous week, and the scent is coming from downstairs.
Kraig blinks a few times, then leaves the kitchen. A few minutes later, there’s a slam of the downstairs door, and John is glaring at me from the door frame in nothing but red pants and black socks. It’s too early for me to be this aroused.
Immediately he begins to feel water rise in his throat, and he begins an awkward combination of coughing and retching. Something turns him to his side, and he winces at the sharp pain in his chest. Water splatters over the deck beneath him until he’s left gasping for breath, dry and spent. He’s turned onto his back again and he gasps at the bright blue eyes, suspended above him.
The rest of dinner passed by with comfortable ease — both resuming the easy-going air of their previous friendship. Something still niggled at Sherlock, a prickling fear that he was getting everything wrong, that he had waded in far too deep. For most of the night, he kept it at bay, tucked into the far corners of his brain, but as the evening wore on it became harder and harder.
“We are so right when we’re on the same page,” John mutters in frustration. “I can’t see myself going back to who I was before; I feel so alive when I’m with him. He helps me see that I am so much more than a broken soldier who somehow made it back from the war.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and slowly darkens out rooms in his mind palace, making sure that any image of John stays in the light. John’s fascinated eyes when Sherlock first deduced him. John’s laughter in the flat. John’s heated words in the shell of Sherlock’s ear. How Sherlock needs to hold him as close as he possible dares.
Sherlock took John's hand touching his face and turned just enough to be able to place a soft kiss into the centre of his palm. He interlocked their fingers before inhaling a deep sigh. The focus that John gave him was all-encompassing and disorientating but so wondrous in so many ways.
Well, not quite the topic Sherlock wanted, but at least it keeps Mary in between them in the best of ways.
Sherlock shakes his head and goes back to studying his books, and John begins reading once more. However, barely a few minutes later, the prickly feeling returns, and John subtly glances up to catch Sherlock staring at him again. He doesn’t say anything, but gives a light cough as he turns the next page. It’s not the first time Sherlock has acted unusually, and normally, if John ignores him, he eventually goes back to whatever he was doing before. No harm, no foul. Yet, this time, the prickly feeling doesn’t go away, and the next time John glances up he sees that Sherlock has a sketch pad in his hand, and is frantically scribbling away as he watches John.
“...and yet here you are, enchanted by a person whom you’d never thought possible,” Irene whispered, her eyes directly on Sherlock in a way that made her most recent actions even more painfully understood.” It happens, Mr Holmes. More often than you might expect.”
He takes another step into the room, pulling his suit jacket tighter around him, wishing he had his coat to protect himself against the shivers that are threatening to take over. They were gentle at first, nipping softly at his muscles, but the shivers are becoming stronger with each passing moment.
A huge thank you to my beta reader WritingOutLoud and a special shout out to MsLadySmith for their insightful comment on the last chapter. You inspired some dialogue!
“God, how I’ve missed this...you have no idea…” With a twitch of Sherlock’s erection, John smirks. “All right, then. Maybe you do.”
“I said, I’m fine.” The sentence came out more forceful than he’d intended, and John’s eyes narrowed.
The cab ride was even longer than usual without John there to fill up the time. The driver tried to make small-talk here and there but finally accepted that Sherlock was far more interested in rechecking his phone for new texts than real-life conversation.
"You left," Sherlock rasped, looking at John. "I didn't know where you went. You didn't say when you'd be back...just that you would come back and Lestrade wouldn't tell me anything and John. I broke...the toaster? I believe that's what it was. And I need a hug and a cigarette, and I hate that horrible woman so much."
John wakes up, and his eyes immediately flutter closed again. The sun streaming from his window helps him recall that he did indeed make it back to his room after last night. His exhaustion ripples through all of his limbs as he stretches, yawns and reaches over to the bedside table to grab his phone. With a press of a button, he sighs with relief that it’s barely past 9:00am, then drops his mobile back in its place on the nightstand.
“If one of us was a woman, you would never have thought that we were merely friends. You would have automatically assumed that we were on a date. So, why did you not make the same conclusion about us?”
No, this was the right thing to do, no matter how much he wishes otherwise. John needs his life back; needs to feel like his own man again. Whatever that means. He just hopes he can do that without losing Sherlock completely.
He’s pacing now, moving back and forth as he shuts his eyes as tight as he can. Darkness and proper focus are what he needs. Comb through the solid evidence. The sounds are driving him mad, but he needs to ignore them for as long as he can.
“Yes and no. It definitely helped me keep a lot of variables in one area, so I could create better overall conditions for your enjoyment and pleasure...and mine as well, with the discovery of praise and what it does to my overall arousal. Interestingly enough, you have been the first partner I’ve had that has awakened that side of my stimulation.”
He needs to ask Sherlock the question he should have asked him months ago. The time is perfect and the premature
Now he survived only on caffeine and cigarette smoke. The familiar background noise of papers and photos pressed into cracking drywall. Sherlock’s name and face jutted out from so many angles that no one without an understanding of his obsession would set more than two feet over the threshold.
“Have you ever considered that other people live in this house? That other people have ears and eyes, and deal with whatever you get up to?” John has a bizarre expression on his face, a comical mix between anger and confusion. I stand up and fill the kettle again. We’re going to need more coffee for this. “John, I am incredibly happy you have discovered that you’re Bi. I really am. I’m also happy that you’re obviously having a lot of fun with your new sexual escapades, but do they really have to be every night?”
"No," John shouts, as he slams his fist down onto the kitchen table. The sudden noise is enough to have Sherlock look up from his notepad and shoot over a puzzled expression. John scrubs his other hand over his weary face.
“That’s it?” Sherlock has the desperate urge to catch his breath, but each time he does, he can’t quench his thirst for air. “But I already want it.”
“Yes, point to you,” he agrees, then places a small letter J next to task number 6. “Think we should be off to the next place?”
Sherlock Holmes. When you've got a lap full of tall, dark and handsome,  how are you supposed to say no? Plus, he fucked me, so technically, he
Also pretty much none of this was supposed to happen, but this is Sherlock and John's story, we were just the conduits.
"From what Seb told me in the brief conversations we have had about Julia, she's a very sweet person. I'm sure it's difficult to think that Seb is her brother by the way he acts, but yes, I believe it would be a great step to talk to her and take it from there. Also, I'm sorry that you woke up to me, not in bed and Seb standing in our sitting room. I sent him a quick text to head over to chat about the invite to the sex club for the case tomorrow morning, and the idiot just came over tonight unannounced instead. I thought that I could have a quick word with him and then have him on his way, but then you woke up and obviously, all hell broke loose."
“They will after we’re done making one of their interrogation rooms into our personal sex den,” Sherlock said, half laughing. “Actually, it’s more likely word will get around, and they’ll shut room 199 down altogether. More money and paperwork for my brother...
John takes the stairs two at a time, his spine straightening as the adrenaline kicks into his system. He bursts through the door, barely stopping for breath, and immediately seeks out the detective.
Sherlock tugged at the bottom of John’s jumper until he got the hint and quickly pulled it over his head. The sight of John's naked chest was enough to stall Sherlock's inner monologue for the moment. In its place there laid a simmering need to get John to a bed. John's bed. His own bed. It hardly mattered right now.
Sherlock froze when Seb's hand raised up in the air with a switchblade in it. John was underneath him and punching at every area that his fists could make contact. Sebastian grinned even larger as he took a wild swing right at John's face, but John avoided the slash, and the wooden floor of the sitting room took all of the damage.
He needed to distance himself. Needed to pull his brain back to the task at hand; think only about the case until it was finished.
John’s quiet chuckle has Sherlock grinning in spite of himself, and he can’t seem to get his scowl to reform. The sensation of John’s fingers interlacing with his own doesn’t help this either, but Sherlock for once sees no real segue into another complaint.
I could go out. Grab my keys and coat and find something to keep me busy until the men upstairs fall asleep, but this is not a sustainable solution. This is my flat as much as his, and I can’t be expected to make myself scarce every time he wants to get off. I’d never be home.
Just in case anyone got the brilliant idea to call in the cavalry, John added curses and Sherlock's name to the string of sounds spewing out of his mouth. And, most importantly, "That's it, fuck me harder," so loud that even if Sherlock's neighbours were all elderly with their hearing aids off, they were sure to hear.
“Knew knocking wasn’t your style,” John muttered as he threw his coat down towards the nearest chair. “But surprised by an
Sherlock stood, his face becoming a blank slate, boxing away all other thoughts. The case. He needed to focus on the case.
"The nurse said he's in observation," she said, her voice slightly more tender. "I'm sure he's fine, but you should head over, dear."
Harry gives a small laugh. “In rehab, forgiveness and making amends were crammed down our throats for a reason. I just wish I had this mindset when Clara was still trying to stop me  shoving my head up my own arse. ”
“I need to explain?” John retorts, with an unmistakable hint of menace in his tone. “If anything it’s
“I’m fine. Let's go.” He began to walk towards the door, grabbing his coat from the hook and pulling it on without hesitation.
"Like this," he said, his desire molten and burning in his stomach. He needed Sherlock back inside of him now. "Won't be long like this, so don't hold back."
That information is evidently stored in the same section of his brain that has the name of the alcohol that he tossed back eight separate times.
She doesn’t answer, but instead screenshots the image and then feverishly heads to google. Never a good sign.
"Maybe one girl in the first year of Uni. We went out nearly the whole year. Dates, movies, she came to my games. And Chet in year thirteen, but we never went public. But it was just a schoolyard crush, both of them. Having a dad in the army, we moved a bit when he got shipped from base to base when I was really young. Then later. Well, Harry and I… erm, we moved around a lot. By the time Uni came around, I learned not to make lasting connections. Easier that way."
Another laugh, but more grounded. The grip on the handle of the umbrella went tighter. John smirked, eyes flitting from Mycroft’s eyes to the umbrella.
Flustered, Sherlock reaches into his pocket for the map. He’d memorised this, but under the heavy blanket of alcohol and misplaced affection, he’s struggling to remember the name.
John frowns at him, his finger tracing around the rim of his cup. “I thought it was pretty obvious after that first night at Angelo’s.”
and inviting Sherlock into its waiting embrace. Just a shift of his body weight is all that it would take to be engulfed into the purest luminescence. With a groan, Sherlock's legs took on a life of their own, and before he connected the new set of logistics, his thighs were straddling John's lap, and his fingers ran through thick golden hair.
They continue bickering; Sherlock refusing to concede and John pushing for more, demanding to know why Sherlock is tiptoeing around him. Their voices become louder and louder until a few forensic techs raise their heads and begin muttering.
John’s heart is racing too fast for it to be medically safe. The weariness in Sherlock’s tone creates shadows over everything in the sitting room, a darkness no amount of soap and water will be able to wash away. With a twist in John’s gut, he curses himself for not reaching out over the week he'd been gone. How the hell could someone so cruel call themselves a doctor?
A pause. John laughed. More than likely the DI had rolled his eyes. Molly muttered something — deducing a hasty apology — and moved back to her desk area. Papers shuffled.
Deciding he'd done enough teasing, at least for the moment, John put his tongue back to work doing something other than speaking. Starting low, just above where his thumb was wrapped around Sherlock's shaft, holding his hips in place, John licked one solid line all the way to the tip. He swirled his tongue around in a circle twice before engulfing Sherlock's cock deep within his mouth. He went as far as he could, which got most of Sherlock's length in his mouth, then swallowed.
“Congratulations,” she whispers before she begins to put the socks and sticker in a small paper bag.
Greg ducked his head as a chair went sailing through the air and hit the far end wall. Sherlock's voice was roaring out several expletives, and some were not in English.
“That certainly was a surprise, Mr Holmes,” the older officer laughed. “In the future, it may be a better idea to tell Dr Watson anytime you plan on sending him off to the airport with very realistic replicas of body parts shoved into his baggage.”
“Is it not the right one for me?” John asks; his nerves are too raw to already be making a mistake this early in the day.
“When did you get so wise? Last I remember, you wouldn’t be caught dead giving advice. Especially about romance.”
“You can tell me on the way,” John said quickly, as he handed Sherlock his Belstaff and held open the front door for Sherlock to walk ahead of him. John hailed a cab before Sherlock had a chance to, and the detective quirked an eyebrow at John, who was taking more initiative than normal for a case. There were usually a dozen questions and side discussions before they even got proper clothes on, but here John was going along with The Work without a second thought.
They abandoned dessert, John quickly running to hail a cab as Sherlock settled the bill. All the way home, John couldn’t keep his hands to himself, running small circles on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. It was driving him wild, and he mentally urged the cabbie to drive faster.
Until John was following clues like breadcrumbs with no end in sight. Before he knew that impossible became probable when a poem written in a long-forgotten book led to a shattered Stradivarius. A final riddle for him to solve and fuck all of the other casualties.
John feels like the world is the wrong way round, with Sherlock sounding incredibly reasonable with every point said.
John was intoxicating beyond any Scotch that Sherlock would ever taste. John's mouth moved with his as if he knew all of Sherlock's private fantasies locked up in a room where even Sherlock had no key. With a whimper, he pulled John to his feet and draped his arms around him. The scissors did quick work, and the rest of John's suit tumbled to the floor in navy blue tatters.
So either John picked up another shift or was doing something else entirely, and didn’t want him involved.
"Oh, Sherlock," John whispered as he pulled up a chair to the edge of the bed. It wasn't patronising or even chiding. It was the sound of a man who hated to see his partner hurt. "I'll fix you right up," he promised before peppering the back of Sherlock's thigh with open mouth kisses.
The floorboards were hard below his knees, but he hardly noticed. All that mattered to him was the way Sherlock's body reacted to the slightest touch. One moment Sherlock would be like putty, relaxed against the sofa as if he couldn't hold himself up a moment longer. The next, he was thrusting up while pulling John down, unashamed in getting John exactly where he wanted him. John couldn't remember the last time he'd given a blowjob. Possibly not since Chet. So he was pleased that Sherlock had no issues with guiding John's movements. The best he could do was attempt to mimic what he knew he enjoyed while listening to Sherlock's body.
that was able to do or say something that granted her a small peek inside that warmth of him. The tiny glimpses into the sunny glow of what happened when he forgot about Sherlock Holmes. Never more than a passing moment or two. Mary realized that she would never be that lucky. Sherlock would always be there. Lingering around the embers of John's bandaged soul. Whether the mere memory of him was what was keeping him going was something that Mary would wonder as she watched John sleep.
Sherlock can only pull himself away from the body as the compressions begin again. The voice of John is so loud now that the lights of the morgue flicker again.
Sherlock wakes to find himself in a strange place, but it doesn't take him long to put a few of the pieces together.
“It’s...I just…” John starts but gives up trying to sort out his words. He’s too furious and too exhausted by the day and his own incredible talent of imagining all the ways Sherlock could have been hurt or killed if he wasn’t around to help protect him. “Never mind,” he settles on. The words feel heavy in his mouth as he says them. “What did you find out about the case, then? Any new leads?”
"Thirty…. Thousand?" John's voice trailed off, and he shook his head, clearing his shock and confusion from his mind. Sherlock was practically hyperventilating in front of him. The clothes, and their cost, could wait. The tea, which was not made yet, was not a quick option. He needed something quick and something that wouldn't burn on the way down.
have a place inside you,” Irene says, her voice unmistakably relieved. Sherlock barely hears her. His only concern is ripping the drawer open. Perhaps off of its hinges, if it would help bring this nightmare to an end.
A text alert chirped on Sherlock's mobile, and with great difficulty (due to John's now snoring body on top of him), Sherlock grabbed it. There were a total of six missed phone calls. Two were from numbers Sherlock didn't know, but the other four came from Mycroft. He hasn't even heard the phone ring at all. Sherlock pressed open the text app with a smirk, and the message left there he took a screenshot of for future enjoyment.
Most evenings went like that now. John chattering to himself, Sherlock retreating into his mind palace to rearrange data or analyse John’s every move.
“Don’t...” John says bitterly, knowing he’s not letting Sherlock clarify anything. He knows he should hear what the man has to say for himself, but he doesn’t want to. Because, what if it’s worse? He doesn’t
“Right then...” Anderson began, and Sherlock knew the man for way too long to know what those two words meant. Philip was preparing himself to make another apology, and unlike the last fifteen apologies before it, this time Sherlock was trapped at work.
,” John says with a wink, dipping the spoon into the bowl for a second time, and Sherlock playfully rolls his eyes.
At first, he thinks it’s the alcohol — one beer too many keeping him awake, but then he readjusts his position, and realises.
Sentiment. It destroyed people on the molecular level. Broke the body down until the subject was too far gone to notice.
Unfortunately, logic and reason fly out of the bloody window when one has large navy blue bat wings attached to them. It also leads to screams. In a high C. Especially when one’s cock is still inserted in the arse of the god damned vampire who did all of this to him.
All in an instance, John’s posture changes into a heaviness that Sherlock shouldn’t be allowed to see. It invades his shoulders and face, and is the colour of melancholy and regret.
Before six months ago, Greg never considered that a person could still continue to move after their heart was shattered into pieces so tiny that no amount of manpower from the Yard could find all of them. Not even with the decades of experience that was shared among all of his fellow officers. Yet Dr. John Watson wasn’t an ordinary person. Greg knew this even before he had been properly introduced to John by the man who jumped from the rooftop of St Barts Hospital. His suicide note embedded in the ever-growing wrinkles of the slackened mouth of the one he left behind. A vessel lying writhing in bed. His naked form surrounded by more empty bottles and a cloud of something way too broken.
John and Sherlock both turn at the same time. John considers letting it drop, allowing Sherlock to get back to work and walking away, but this entire charade of whatever the hell Sherlock is playing at is beyond what he can stand.
The man dove to the right, and John's bullet shot rang out. It barely missed the man and whizzed by his ear. With a growl, John was slammed into by a heavy shoulder and knocked down to the ground. The sound of Sherlock's voice screaming out for both of them to stop was ignored.
John lets out a long breath, swallowing against the hard lump that has formed in his throat. A large part of him wants to open the door anyway — to sneak under the covers and pretend nothing ever happened. To hold the miles of arms and legs of a grumpy consulting detective against him until Sherlock sighed into the crook of his neck and they both drifted to sleep.
Shuddering, she let her gaze fall onto all of Sherlock’s belongings. All pristinely protected even after not being used for now close to two years. The slight scent of lemon on the wooden furniture met Mary’s smallish nose and the tiny amount of dust that John must have missed on the edge of the violin laid on the desk next to a closed laptop.
In all seriousness though, thank you to all of you who read, give kudos, leave comments or just lurk in the background. You're amazing!
Clothing is torn off. Buttons fly in all directions. Sherlock groans a curse that John wants to hear as many times as possible. John yearns to witness Sherlock open wide and crying out his name, his steady thrusts and wanton moans the only communication that they need. There have only been a handful of times they went into specific kinks, and John straddles Sherlock’s hips and reaches over into the bedside table. To his delight, the purple satin material is still there, and he yanks it out and places it onto Sherlock’s chest.
He frowned as he watched John shake his head. The dark blue eyes still processing all of the new information. "No, it was more than respect. The way he would look when he played his violin. It was the closest thing to love that I'd ever witnessed. That violin might as well have been his…"
John was quick, just a rushed scrub before he dried off and stepped into a pair of pants. He threw a robe over his shoulders, a maroon silk one that had been hanging on the back of the bathroom door, and went to rejoin Sherlock and the madman.
John had to make a stop inside the refrigerator to send an urgent message to the bed, using morse code to implore it to hold Sherlock until he got there.
John giggles and pulls out the wedding band for Sherlock. Its red coloured ring case is opened and inside is a shiny band of gold. It twinkles in the sunlight but is nothing in comparison to the shimmering in Sherlock’s eyes when he first sees it.
John looks Sherlock over. Identical to the way he’s done before, as if checking whether Sherlock is being deliberately dense. Sherlock feels like he’s oozing stupidity out of his pores and needs to race to the shower and scrub it off for the next week and a half.
The game itself was relatively boring, at least for Sherlock. He busied himself in his mind palace, cataloguing all of John’s facial expressions as the teams on the field below them kicked the ball up and down. His certainty grew as the afternoon passed, and by the time the game finished, John running high off his team’s narrow win, Sherlock had already concocted a plan.
“Your choice of jumper pulls out the darker cerulean shades of your eyes. Quite appealing in the ambiance of candlelight.”
of yarn into the flat wasn't exactly easy. John let Trent deal with the yarn while he helped Sherlock find a way to limp up the stairs. John knew that the stitches on the back of Sherlock's right calf must be bothering him, so he didn't push or try to hurry him. When the flat was finally in sight, he all but herded Sherlock onto the sofa, giving him a look that dared him to try and get up for any reason other than the loo.
Sherlock’s muscles tense, and his wings give a stiff twitch. John removes his hand as he turns to face Sherlock on the bed.
Sherlock instinctively felt for his phone, buried deep in his trouser pocket, and a brick of dread sank in his stomach as he remembered he’d switched it off. His facial expression must have shown some kind of distress by the way that Mrs Hudson's own face softened.
Sherlock’s eyes glisten in slowly changing light, and something in John’s chest twists hard at the vision.
Sally darted her eyes away from the latest report to see that same John Watson looking back at her. There were hints of the man she had once known back when giggling at crime scenes was apparently in fashion. His hair was more honey blonde then, and the lines on his face less noticeable from across an empty room.
The sentence is jagged and sharp, cutting lines through the air as it falls on the table between them. Out of everything, that is not what John was expecting.
The bed began to shake, rocking him so violently that he couldn't keep his balance. He reached for Sherlock, trying to clasp his hand before he fell over the edge of the bed.
“He isn’t the same Sherlock I fell in love with, though.” It still feels strange to admit. Those words have lived in his head for so long, and they sound like whispered secrets in Greg’s mouth.
Sherlock scanned John's face and thickly muscled shoulders, with the smallest of pauses to the bullet scar on the left. It more than likely was a haunting reminder of what war could do to the soldiers who survived it.
That was before the fall that fractured more than the pavement in front of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital. Before the bevy of women John would hurry down the stairs before he knew that she was up during all matters of the day and night. Before she recognized that the drinking had gotten almost to the point of no return. Before Mary had introduced herself, and then in a whirl of pain and sadness, seemed to melt back into the streets of London.
. His brain supplied. He glanced down a narrow side street and caught sight of the bar where he lost his virginity; pushed against a bathroom stall by a dark-haired stranger. Seventeen and sneaking into bars with his fake ID and winning smile. It was easier, then. Knowing he could walk into any bar he wanted and have whomever he chose. He could discard them in the morning, wait out the hangover on the long train home and pretend he’d been with friends all night. Not that his parents ever asked. Mycroft gave him odd looks across the breakfast table and left boxes of condoms and reminders to get tested under his pillow, but he never confronted Sherlock about it. In those days, and the days after, swallowing down strangers for his next hit, he never had to care about what they thought.
However, Molly quickly reconnects that they have a very captive and equally furry audience as Laverne, in a more than likely attempt to race back into the living room, bangs against something that was clearly breakable. The smashing noise sends the older cats scattering, and pulls Irene and Molly away from their kiss.
“You’re making all sorts of faces,” Harry mutters, before dropping a large mug of coffee next to the burnt toast. “Want me to chuck it in the bin?”
The last words ripple through Sherlock like a warm breeze. Nice to be back. John Watson has been in a gay club. John ‘not gay’ Watson has been in a gay club. Sherlock can imagine him now, too young and energetic for words. His blonde hair as bright and sunny as his smile as he sips a pint just as casually and relaxed as he is now, and how the hell is Sherlock supposed to categorise this new information? His mind palace isn’t built for this version of John Watson.
"We were fighting all the time," John blurts out, trying to grasp at something. "How we were...it wasn't healthy for either of us."
do the same with his eyes. He watched Sherlock's elegant fingers slide over his body and through his hair. It was a vision John would never grow tired of.
“I never take offence to what people do and say,” Irene sighs. “Closure and acceptance takes many forms and faces. Contrary to your folklore, I am not evil. I am just a vessel. A reflection of what the soul needs to see before they make their choice. That is, if they get a choice. Some are not so fortunate.”
“Can we start again?” John whispers into Sherlock’s chest. There’s a soft vibration as Sherlock gives a quiet hum in response. “Not a
. The same man who had brought The Divine Comedy to life along with many other works. Sherlock had mentioned him in one of the very last cases they had been on together, and the House of Dante Museum was the next place John would search.
“Sounds like a plan.” Sherlock’s stomach lurched slightly as the lift descended too quickly. The doors opened with a ping as they reached the ground floor, and they passed a solitary woman on the way out, too busy on her phone to move out of the way.
"Not taking her on myself," John clarified. While he was a lone wolf, he wasn't suicidal. His time as
“I only wanted to say that I missed you,” Anderson continued. “And if you’d be interested in talking about us later this week, I’m available.”
“I want things back to how they were before all this! When things were easy, not like walking on eggshells all the time!“ John takes a step forward, fisting his hand through his hair and raking his eyes over Sherlock as he glares at him; his narrow chest heaving, and John feels something in his resolve snaps into pieces. God, all he really wants is to touch Sherlock, and have Sherlock want to be touched by him in return.
As much as Sherlock hated repeating himself, every so often, he needed to make exceptions. Today would be one of those.
“Not corrected,” Sherlock conceded. “More to understand. As of late, I have found myself...curious about John’s scent. All iterations of it to the point of severe distraction. It’s a recent phenomenon that has caused me to doubt.”
“Sherlock? Are you still with us?” John gently nudges his side, and Sherlock remembers he’s supposed to be speaking. He’s been spacing out a lot tonight, and it’s not fair on John. Sherlock runs a hand through his hair, pulling slightly, trying to pull himself together.
“Quarter past ten. Though it looks like I’ve been chatting to myself for at least the past 15 minutes. Mind palace?”
“John...what is it?” Sherlock says, very slowly. John motions his hand towards the large mirror on the opposite wall. Words seem to be failing him, and that is more than a bit not good. Sherlock is aware that vampires having no reflection is a lie, but what he sees blinking back has him dreaming that for once an old’s wives tale was the reality.
A pause, and then John swallowed hard. Swallowed something so painful that Anderson's own throat throbbed in sympathy.
Harold chuckled softly behind him, and John could barely blame him. How the fuck could John not know whether he packed a tie or not?
“Yeah, Detective Inspector Lestrade is on his way right now. Perhaps you can explain to him why you killed all those people?” John said. Sherlock couldn’t see Micheal’s face, but the disgust that ran through John’s made him curious.
He paused his thoughts, and shook them off as best he could. He was being unfair. In all likelihood, Leah was a perfectly nice person, with a husband at home and 2.5 kids. It was just that Sherlock didn’t have the best of experiences with apparently ‘perfectly nice’ people, and he didn’t need anyone else reminding John how much better he could have it.
Sherlock pulled his knee away from John’s grasp. This. This was why he had been distracted. John was
“...so yeah, I have no issue with pursuing something with you seriously, Sherlock...as long as...Sherlock? What’s wrong? You look a little pale…”
Kudos and comments are the breath of life to a writer. Please offer them if you feel so inclined. ❤️
John knows how he sounds. Part of him wants to shut up and be grateful that Sherlock is obviously putting the effort in, but he can’t. This isn’t the man he met in that lab -- the one that will deduce the smallest details of your life without a care for how you feel; the man who leaves thumbs in the fridge and never ever cleans up after himself. Not the man he fell in love with. Sherlock may be a pain in the arse sometimes, but he’s
Everything on the card, even the strange name the omega had been given, was listed just as it should be apart from the address. The return location shown on the omega’s identification wasn’t even remotely connected to a residential area of the city but was well known as a long line of government buildings and offices. Who the hell was W. Sherlock Scott Holmes and what would anyone affiliated with the government want with him?
Sherlock tilted his head to see a small area of red-pigmented dirt in the treads of the man's right shoe. His eyes flashed to John.
They fell into their own sort of routine, and it was lovely. John would place medical books or bags from Tesco’s on the table. His head bowed as he’d read and took bites of whatever Mrs. Hudson put next to him. Every once in a while John would glance up to notice Martha looking at him and he’d smile back. The circles under his eyes wouldn’t fade away completely, but enough for Martha to stop texting Greg as often as she did. Instead, she would use the time that John was away to pull out old books that Sherlock had given her over the years. Old and dusty and he had claimed were still important enough to keep safe, but not important enough to keep on his already overstuffed bookcases.
“Mental note to not give you surprising information when you first wake up,” John chortles. His hand slides up Sherlock’s arm to rest on the side of Sherlock’s neck. The bite mark there no longer hurts. “Shall we try this again, then? Good morning, Sherlock.”
There's a directness in Harry's words that John can’t help but admire. The art of not giving a fuck, stylised in every part of Harry, from her smile to the clothing she wears. It's nice to see it on display without the blurriness of alcohol around the sharpened edges.
“Rectified,” she repeated. “As in corrected. Do you consider your feelings towards the doctor something to be corrected?”
"Fucking hell," John swore as he rugby tackled Sherlock to the ground. He managed to get the gun out of Sherlock's hand and kicked it towards Greg's feet before Sherlock got it in him to fight back. But by then, Sebastian was at John's side, holding one of Sherlock's arms forcefully to the floor.
Taking advantage of John's distraction, the detective slowly slid his right foot backwards until it settled between Pierce's. Sherlock darted his gaze from John’s face to his lowered right hand, then flashed three fingers. John's lips twitched.
John made his way closer to Sherlock and bent down onto his right knee to look more closely. "Looks like it, yeah. The skin is still intact enough for the bruising to be visible."
“Nothing but superfluous data,” Sherlock grumbled as John placed the cup beside him on the examination table. “As if Lestrade requesting me to go over the same information is anything other than an exercise in insanity.”
"All cards on the table?" John asked after they'd ordered, both of them going for fried food, knowing they'd be quick and easy, and the chef could get them out in next to no time. When Greg nodded, John folded both hands on the table and looked him square in the eye.
Then with a swing that might as well have been an explosion, John Watson slammed down the side of the violin against the coffee table. The splintered wood showered throughout the flat and Mycroft covered his face in protection. The faint sound of a small metal key surrounded by wax disappeared in the cascading shrapnel but not lost to John who picked it up off of the ruined carpet.
That was enough, and the power of the realisation quaked Sherlock onto the precipice of tears. He shuddered into John’s stilled form as the comprehension of his emotions settled into the empty spaces on the mattress, and thank God John wasn’t awake to witness this weakness. Sherlock flaunted his intrinsic expertise to deduce all of the data into inevitable conclusions, and yet here in the dozy caress of a wounded army doctor, the confirmation blindsided him.
“Kraig was fun, but he isn’t you, you ludicrous madman. You should have told me that you were interested in us having sex.”
The medical kit in the bathroom was nestled in the gap between the small tub and the toilet, and John dove for it like it was the most important item in the world - at the moment, it was. By the time he strode back to the living room and dropped to his knees next to the omega, he had wrenched open the kit. He began unraveling the makeshift bandage at once, replacing it with much thicker bandages for the most concerning head wound. Now in the full brightness that came with the ceiling light, John could truly see the unconscious man and he was instantly struck by how lovely he truly was.
It took him less than an hour to finish the job, and he found himself back in his motel room before midnight. Knowing his Frustrated Forensic friend was usually up at this hour (judging by the timestamps on his tweets), John first checked Twitter before indulging in the day’s Obituaries.
He put the empty glass on the table, filled it for the third time, and reached for his phone to face the music. Mummy would be getting an email about this. Enough was enough.
However, it’s the state of the room that creates a sense of something tense. Something that has been buried under the surface for far too long. Broken pieces of furniture litter the floor, accompanied by shattered bits of what was more than likely a floor-length mirror, and torn fabric from curtains. Feathers that once belonged in the mattress hover in the air, forever suspended in time, caught in the lens of a mobile’s camera.
“Hey, do you want to get a coffee? I have some time before my train.” Leah asked, checking her watch.
When John is out, hunting for his next lover, the silence of the flat is a welcome relief to all the sex noises, but there should be an in between. There needs to be an intricate balance of John and our comfortable partnership, whilst that same John can find new ways to ejaculate rainbows. Perhaps in a smaller collection of gays, before slowly turning his eye into my very willing direction.
“Do you make afternoon tea for just any girl?” Molly can feel her face burning red, but she clenches her stomach and forces herself to look Irene in the eye. Irene gives a sly smile, placing her plate on the table and turning her body to face Molly.
