For Tony’s astonishment, Steve hopeful expression disappeared and his face twisted with anger.
“I don’t know what to tell you folks”, he started after Tony had pushed another water bottle into his hands. “It was business as usual. We were fighting those things. Then they got Antonio and his armor malfunctioned. I didn’t have time to search how badly he was hurt, when suddenly there was this very bright light and I was moved here and Antonio was nowhere to be seen.”
He lurched forward as the jet abruptly stopped. The other Steve helped his exit by giving his back a powerful push. As soon as he knew it, he was in free fall only his shield to cover him.
Then there was something. Just behind the shelves which were rammed full of old and smelly cardboard boxes. What was that? A hidden door?
“Why?” Tony was able to ask before an explosion rocked the jet. “What… what the hell was that?”
“What! How dare you! I am not...”
Oh Antonio. This time Steve didn’t try to hold back his tears, when he stepped in the car and started pushing the address into the GPS device (which was not a useless and annoying device with too many buttons like so many other things in this era, but an ingenious talking map.) To go home, that was a good plan. The only plan, actually. Too bad it was impossible to carry out. But maybe…
“Yes, they do.”
Maybe Stark was an alien invader after all. He never acted and talked so sensible.
For a few seconds Tony stood there like a lost little boy, alone in the woods. “You… did you found the body?”
“Alright, let’s get this done. How much do you want?”
century, macho was not the first word which came to mind. However, in spite of their soft-looking appearances, they had been as ruthless and efficient soldiers as any other men before and after their time.
“Hear, hear! No truer words, Warrior Monster! You are indeed a man of my very own heart. They say you are a vampire. That species is unfamiliar to me so I consulted my godly cousin, Hercules, who has roamed this realm longer than I am. He told me about a demoness, Lamia, who has the head and torso of a woman and the lower body of a snake. He told me also about empusai, the malicious daughters of Hecate, the goddess of witchcraft, who walk the earth night times, seducing and devouring shepherds in the fields.”
“Alright… for you, d-darling. Anything...”
“Yes. Good. Drink something. You are so dehydrated your hands are shaking. It would take lots of hours to reduce Steve to that state… A hard battle?”
“It’s funny how tastes or sounds bring back memories, doesn’t it? Not all of them good ones. Sometimes… I was in this cafe downtown when a barista dropped his tray of clean mugs. It was quite a bang and I was covering under the table before Nat was able to say
He was afraid they would start to fight and forget all about Antonio, but Tony grinned at his team leader and got back to his call. If that was what he was doing. Their exchange had been only bantering. They seemed to do it a lot around here. When Ultimates bantered… Well, they didn’t. They fought, plain and simple, and the rest of the time they somehow tolerated each others. But these people seemed to be different. They acted much like a family.
“Sorry son”, Steve said just before he clocked the guy. He tied him with his own button down and belt and stuffed him into the trunk. Then he lifted Tony on the back seat and secured him with the seat belts.
“That’s mercy. You don’t leave your comrade in arms behind, when there is no chance to escape torture and death. Never fear Tony, your death would have been avenged, I would have come out here and done what he is planning now, taking as many of my enemies with me as possible.” Then there was time to no more explanations, Steve hit the witch and Tony grabbed Clint. They were the first ones out, Iron Man covering the archer and pulling the enemy fire, Janet was next and then Sam who rushed through the hole like a leak bird of pray. Steve had no wings or way to fly, but it was only some ten yards, he didn’t even need to put his shield first. He made a superhero landing, covering himself with the shield when his enhanced hearing picked up a tell-tale hissing sound of the burning fuse.
“I am son of Cain”, he repeated. He didn’t like the direction this conversation was going. “Those other things. They are just myths. They don’t exist.”
“Good, good! She sent her regards, and she reminded us to take this.”
“You have seen this a few times... What is happening, buddy? Nat told me you have been acting strange today. I thought you would be sipping imported beers right now with that singer friend of yours. Weren’t you planning to tour with him and his band this weekend? I bet he is not happy to be let down by his best groupie.”
idn’t she tell you? Janet? She wasn’t… I wasn’t… like it was not for her taste.”
“Sorry, ma’am.”
Thor’s grand gesture was interrupted when they realized the fight hadn’t left any unbroken furniture.
“God, darling”, he repeat, his voice hoarse. “What a sight you make. So responsive… yes, let me hear you, sweetheart, let me hear what feels good for you… so sweet, so perfect taste in my tongue… you are like silk made of flesh, darling, I would like to wrap this gift to something soft and nice… or maybe… or maybe I will just ask them if I can have one of silken gowns… just like the ones I used to have…. I remember how you liked to slide your fingers on my shoulders… to touch… to touch me discreetly like…”
“How do you control it?” Banner mumbled like fearing somebody else was listening their conversation. “How can you control that monster inside you so effortlessly? I mean… you were… You and Tony… And your fight with Thor. You were very drunk… in spite of that you didn’t go rabid either time.”
He found the other Steve in the kitchen. It was almost funny that he had dressed himself up as his identical twin, only his button down was different, it was green with a faint pattern of diamonds.
“No he isn’t”, Rogers interrupted whatever Stark was about to say. “You were in need, sir. There was no time, and I wouldn’t have accepted your help anyway. We were taught like that then, you know, a man stands on his own two feet and doesn’t yap about it. I don’t say everything turns better by moaning about things, and there is some line after which repeating your sorrows only makes matters worse, so I am not such a big fan of talking even now. That other Steve was a good drawer, like a real artist, and my therapist suggested to express my feelings in the same way. Sir.”
“During those weeks of capture, I fell for it. My friends were more cautious, but I have always been too readily to believe in the goodness of people. I fell for his act, took him in to plot our escape, not realizing that earnest young man was a mole. Nazis threatened his sister, forced him to spy on us. They used our plan as an excuse to annihilate a village nearby. Then they killed all their prisoners except me. That boy and his sister were among the executed.”
“You can’t hide from me, cunt.”
It was not an invasion from the outer space. It was not a terrorist attack from some strange dimension. It was just those other heroes. The Avengers. Captain and Stark had yapped about the meeting so long Fury had finally given his grudging permission. He wasn’t a human robot, you know. He knew about feelings, even if he wasn’t fan of them himself. Captain and Stark had left that other universe so abruptly they had not been able to say their goodbyes. This one was to give them some closure.
“Yes, but I like Natasha better. Can I call you Steven?”
“Meditation. Yes, maybe I... But that really helps, doesn’t it?”
“Were you in love with Bucky?”
He kept eating while Tony was in the shower. The billionaire genius hadn’t said anything more before vanishing through the bathroom door. Now he stood there again, this time a towel around his hips. Steve forgot to move his jaw when his eyes followed Tony to his walk-in closet. Steve was eating apple, was that biblical or what. His nose could distinguish Tony’s natural musk under a fresh, woodsy smell he had put on. So swell. His hearing picked up how clothes slide over Tony’s skin, covering his body with their layers.
“N-no...” he was able to get out. He put his shaking fingers to Tony’s lips, and he seemed to understand, at least he grew quiet. More of those words, and that would certainly be the end of him. Steve shook like a dog in a downpour when his body tried to pump more fluids out of his already empty balls. His arms trembled so badly he let himself collapse beside Tony on the bed. Good it was wide enough, he didn’t want to squeeze Tony beneath him.
Steve checked again that the guy in the trunk was still breathing. Then he helped the gate to open with his shield and as usual, the ordinary metal bent and broke under his ministrations. Something was wrong, though. Let’s call it instinct, he scanned the perimeter with his gaze but didn’t see anything unusual. No movement, nobody came to ask what the hell he was doing. Only that… There was something mildly off about the sky behind those trees, but now was not the time to investigate it any further.
No bootlaces, but some ingenious strap system. Banner’s question was strange. He had to see Steve was managing.
Now was Steve’s turn to snort. “You don’t give yourself enough credit, Tony. You think I am able to keep up any sensible conversation you looking and smelling like that? I was just thinking to give you heads up. This is not going to change that.” Steve put one of his massive paws on Tony’s shoulder. His thumb started making a teasing circle over his collarbone. “For a moment there you looked like you wanted something sweet.”
“You don’t have to tell me if it makes you uncomfortable. You remind me of someone.”
A total, disbelieving silence filled the room.
The irises which were usually blue had turned into the worst hangover red ever. What had been white in those boy next door eyes, was now black. A heated glow among cinder, ready to sparkle into a roaring fire.
Steve let go. For a moment he was so confused, scared, and full of hope, he only lay on the floor and breathed. It couldn’t be. He must have heard wrong. A plot. It had to be. He had bested their champion and now they tried to confuse him.
“That is an easy thing to change”, Sam said briskly. “Hey, you! Yes, you. Open your eyes when I am talking! You want us to help you out of there? Yes? Tell us how the rest of your armor opens, and we will leave and let you be.”
And that wasn’t disturbing image at all. He felt how his lips tried to turn into an involuntary smile as Tony continued pulling his hand to himself.
“And what is it, darling?”
Bucky was taken aback by Steve’s hasty explanations.
For his surprise, this Janet was now giving him an apologetic look, as if thinking she had gone too far or being too familiar. The latter, he noticed, when she continued talking.
Thor wasn’t the only one who could hit a man. Steve was fast, he was persistent, and Thor was even more drunk than him. Steve hit with his shield to his feet again and again and made him stagger. Thor was down, losing his grip from the hammer, a moment Steve had waited for. He grabbed the handle of the mighty weapon, but for his astonishment Thor had started laughing.
“What my husband means, we need a computer model to analyze in what way those nanoparticles affected your transfer to our universe. We need your clothes to get those samples.”
“I can lick you clean”, Tony promised.
“I am terrible sorry for misunderstanding, ma’am. Maybe the next one? This one I asked to play for Mr. Stark here.”
“Doctor Banner… I… I am not sure. If this would be a patient, I mean, a living patient, I would say we have a faint heartbeat. It is probably just...”
“Alright, Tony. You just hold on a little bit longer. For me, alright?”
Barton looked scandalized. “Oh, it was a joke! I would never… but you have to watch out with Stark. What his former lovers have told about him...”
He wondered what gave that away. Yes, nothing broken or bruised this time, if one didn’t include his dignity. “I suppose I don’t do that again by myself?”
“Have you heard… you should buy flowers and chocolate. Not to run off like a scared little rabbit right after earth shattering sex.”
There was the wall and still lots of white, unblemished surface to break under his fist. For some reason, he didn’t hit anything, just opened his mouth and stated them the facts. Maybe it was because he didn’t like the way this other Tony was talking about Antonio. Even if Antonio was everything that had been said, he still thought it was unfair.
There was no time to plan much. At the same time when Tony’s computer told them somebody had opened the eastern side door, the jet’s equipments monitoring their surroundings detected a heat signature from that same place, and it was moving fast.
It didn’t take long after that. The door opened, and there was the pretty fella from the wall. His smell was familiar too, and first Steve thought it was because this was Howard’s son. But it wasn’t that. They didn’t smell anything alike.
For a while Steve hoped that he would have done just that.
Tony had made it? Call him a fool, but that made him titter inside. He could now imagine he had a gentleman caller giving him gifts.
“But surely it is, darling. Look at us. This is… oh god, we were such hams.”
“Darling, please. You know me. I am a magpie. If it shines...”
Banner gaze searched him from head to heels as if trying to find something tangible. Something to help with his own situation. There was this half amused and half hopeless smile on his lips when he asked if Steve was now willing to meet the team.
Except any explanation what this was about. Because it couldn’t be…
Or maybe not. The saw was witched on in front of his face and the one called Sam gave him a nasty and less than toothy grin. He should use his share of the money for a dental hygiene. Could that be considered charity? Could Tony get some tax deduction?
“Cap, what is it?”
Now their commanding officer chose not to shut up Barton? Or was this usual in the future? To make small talk about your sexual habits? Maybe it was just that Fury enjoyed to listen how his team bashed Tony Stark.
Steve rubs at his arm. Tongue-tied, he can’t find words yet.
It doesn’t matter that it was Tony who single-handedly brought back all of the people the Skrulls had kidnapped. It doesn’t matter that the virus that infected all of his systems was not of his doing. It doesn’t matter that he has fought until he
Disaster strikes a few days later when they receive news from Earth: Norman Osborn, under the directive of the President, has taken over the command of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Tony sighs dramatically. “Here we go again.”
“No,” Theo laments, “I’m sorry.”
It’s then that he notices.
He had a brief moment of satisfaction―and then the weight of his actions had crushed unto him.
,” Tony says, “
A probability or a certainty.
―that Tony had never fought to kill during their altercations. The same could not be said for Steve.
He can’t chance giving Tony any of the sedatives he has in stock, not with the uneven flutter of his heart.
“Yeah, sure, go ahead and take my stuff,” Clint mutters under his breath as he passes under Thor’s thick arm and through the doors. “It’s not a problem; thanks for the help.”
he almost asks.
by Avengers―Hulk
“Walk me through it again,” Donald Blake demands. “Thor’s memories and actually putting it into action are two very different things.”
to the President. Tony, so pale he looked like his skin could be made of glass, had mustered enough shaky breath to
And I know nothing I will ever say or do could ever take back what I did.”
There’s a maximum of two people allowed in the ICU room with Tony. Both Colonel Rhodes and Steve are named as his next of kin. Pepper Potts shows up in his stead, stays there with Rhodes at Tony’s bedside every second of every day.
,” it sings in a husky, sultry tone. The lines rises in pitch softly, staying in an almost whisper. It’s haunting. “
He thinks at first that it is Bucky under that cowl. It’s Steve, instead, somehow alive after everything―and it’s Steve that turns away from Tony without a word or a second glance at the end of the fight. His silence is that of disappointment―broken trust, betrayal―and frozen-over ire.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I love you, too, green bean.”
. He kept throwing up, paler than a ghost―and, still, he got up and he came to New York and he
His armoured foot rises over Stark’s head―
The look on the other man’s face stops him flat. “Is he…?”
The action catches his breath in his throat. “I’ve missed you,” Steve confesses, soft and fervent. “Every day, every hour. I can’t think about anything but you, even when I’m dreaming.”
He knew this was coming―he has been waiting for this since the moment he revealed his identity to the world.
He doesn’t understand how Tony could plead his regret and yet be unable to accept Steve’s own. They both did wrong, but Tony refuses to believe Steve could have possibly done anything other than what is Right and Good. Sometimes, it warms Steve’s heart that someone like Tony, the bravest and most selfless man he has ever known, has such an unshakable resolve in Steve.
Spider-Man bolts forward. His arm thrusts out, webbing and pulling Stark’s body away from the danger. There are streaks of blood where his body drags, dripping down and around cuts and bruises as Spider-Man half-lifts Stark into his arms and hunches over him into a protective stance.
that he refuses to name when Tony picks it up like a fragile, precious jewel from his lap after Clint settles it there.
Tony has been fighting Thanos for six years. And for what? Half of all the
“I was mildly joking when I said he needs a man like you―clearly, I’ve seen nothing yet,” Amanda interrupts. The rest of the room, for the most part, have gone back to not-staring, but she makes no pretense otherwise. She’s openly staring at the pair with surprised, startling blue eyes.
His little speech darkened the false god’s visage. A sore loser that one.
“Alright! And what was the reason we were not invited? Not enough room for my oxygen bottle, huh?”
That made the other Steve halt whatever he was about to say.
A lie. That’s right. They had gotten one of his arms off, but the other parts… Maybe he could bargain…
“Yes!” Jake was screaming. “Yes! I will tell, not that there is much to... We didn’t do anything to him, I swear! He was all busted up, we thought he was dead! But he wasn’t, we just helped him out of his armor and then we left him in that big green-colored house near the river!”
“My guns...”
The big black screen woke up, filling itself with light and action. It was the news. Steve boggled. Now it was the battle-zone he had expected after first appearance into this universe. There were broken and burning cars and general rampage as the police tried to move people to the safety from the way of the fast-paced battle. Was it a battle? First it seemed like some mutated animal had escaped from the mad scientist’s lab, but it wasn’t a real rhino, it was a guy.
Janet Pym!
When the first rounds were shot, it was because Natasha had ducked the shield. The shield hit the man walking behind her, and he dropped to the ground, unconscious. Somebody shouted. A woman was seen to hold her wounded arm, and people watching the altercation started to realize that something was very wrong. The herd behavior followed, and lots of screaming and running emptied the sidewalk around them.
“Really, that is odd. Like that Kree warrior?”
“Stark, open your fucking eyes! A big fucking disappointment, that is the only way to describe this situation! A PR catastrophe in making! My most horrid headache of the month! Took your pick. Captain America puked out a human damn finger! Dear Lord, I had his poster on my wall until I joined Army. I don’t care if he won the war for us by his two bare fists. He is not coming out of that room any way but pieces… Yes, finally! Agent Sanders, alarm Jonathan Anderson.” Anderson was the chief mage of the SHIELD magic division. “Tell him to get his ass to the labs asap and bring the garlic. We have a situation.”
Not seeing Tony made Steve like a blind man in a strip tease show. It was utterly exiting and Steve was hard again, his fangs in their full length pushing against his lower lip. Tony emerged back to the room. His feet were bare, but he was in a suit and a dress shirt, which was buttoned enough to cover his scarred chest but showing his clavicle and his strong, long neck.
“Hush, d-darling. It is a-alright… You… b-brought f-friends…?”
Maybe it was not only his head that was hurting. He felt that something was wrong with his ribs too. His armor protected him nicely against anything, but those Mechanoids must have been new models, because one of them penetrated the hip joint of his armor as easily as a man would push his hand through the surface of water.
“Tony!”
“Alright!” he shouted, doubling his efforts to rip Clint’s network. “I don’t know what sick game you guys are playing, but when I get my hands on those who did this to you Tony, I will break their necks. Making you help that murdering cunt. And Barton! How could they...”
“Hi”, a familiar voice said. “I thought you and Janet were going on a shopping spree. You too had a change of plans?”
“Jesus, Stark. It’s 2 PM. You sounded like you were suffocating under your usual pile of starlets.”
Sometimes she thought she didn’t know Steve at all. He could be so modern and ordinary and nice at one moment, and then…
“Alright! Alright!” Anthony gushed. “We had some actual other news.”
Barton being sensitive. Now Fury had heard everything.
“Please, moody missy. Before I go Dante. Something to eat.”
Steve-on-the-floor had fallen silent, staring with an open-mouthed disbelieve which was quickly turning into anger. He squished a soda can in his hand and threw it toward Tony.
That was indeed an interesting question. They were in NYC and there shouldn’t be a living soul who didn’t know the face of Tony Stark, he had been plastered all over newspapers and Internet from the very beginning of his existence. A boy genius, a tragic orphan, a playboy, a drunken lecher, the CEO of Stark International… Tony Stark in rehab, Tony Stark sobering up, Tony Stark as Iron Man of the Avengers. Tony Stark, the reformed hero. The photos from his engagement party with Miss Virginia Potts had more clicks than an average royal wedding.
She stepped outside. The porridge and a glass of milk arrived a few minutes after that.
Janet was the first one to offer her sympathy. “So sorry to hear that SteveToo.”
“Send in the cleaning wenches! And more food and drink! The night is still young and there are many tales which are not yet told!”
She was ordered to mingle and make friends. Later, she spied and betrayed those friends. She killed many innocent people. Many, many years she did this. So many, many times.
“I always have that face when I am scared for something or somebody and out of my luck”, he explained. “I think Tony’s theory sounds solid. Tony, get him out of that thing and then, Clint, you can give him his shield back. I really don’t like the way you are touching it. I looks… unsavory.”
“Come in”, he squeaked, hands already tightly over his duvet, thinking it had to be the other Tony or some of the Avengers, but of course not. It was Steve.
She was a lucky gal to dodge that catastrophe you two were heading to.”
“And… Steve? Do I have to tell the team about Iron Man?”
Sam Wilson had a light emphatic ability which enabled him to connect with the bird life. For some reason, Janet had always took that as an ability be more intuitive than average people.
“Nobody will touch my Ralphie”, Barton roared and that was that. They would cross that bridge when the time come, and it wasn’t like Tony hadn’t room in his tower. They was enough space for a whole pig farm if they wanted to.
Steve separated himself from Barton and turned toward his new commanding officer. “Sir.”
“Oh crap”, was Sam’s opinion when they loped up the stairs and to the lobby. The elevator looked like it had worked the last time during the First Gulf War. After the door closed behind them, they were almost in the complete darkness. Steve went to the window and smashed away the cover made of mold infested board and pieces of tarpaulin. It gave them some light, but didn’t help much with the reek of decay which surrounded them like a cloud of poison gas. “Tony, this place is a shithole. You said this guy is wounded. We should call SHIELD medics.”
He had known Steve was one of his toughest and most complex mission there was, but surprise, surprise, still he had let his dick chose the beat and he had now screwed everything up, naturally. God, if he could at least accuse his medication or lack of booze… but no, it had been only him. Impatient as always, wanting everything right away, not being able to savor the moment. But to see Steve like that... it had been almost too much. So inspirational. Tony had been Tony, unhinged and obviously, Steve had fled.
He knew. All those things that he lacked. “Was that when you started painting?
Steve blinked. He had realized the time passing, but in his greed to see more wonders and horrors he hadn’t stopped to think what it all meant. Not to the world, but to him, personally. Now it all rushed into his mind. Seven decades had passed. His whole world had gone just like that. Not destroyed by the bomb, but forgotten in the stream of time.
Yes, that had been only a half of it. He took his trousers off like a zombie, never minding he was going commando around his protective gear. The other Steve could have asked him to bark like a dog and he would probably have done it.
“Oh for Pete’s sake”, the man mumbled. “Have you read Dante?”
“That was… w-why did you speak like that?”
“Fury, did Captain kill Bruce? The gas...”
“Oh my god, Steve”, he mumbled, as his teammate were adjusting that dreamy specimen of manliness alongside Tony’s more shopsoiled one. This guy was going to be a death of him.
“Stark, you said the captains were like twin brothers, same at every aspect. How come this other Captain America was married to a man then?”
“Why don’t you... call us taxi, darling. If you insist... going out... with me...”
“I know that face too. I would take you to our gym, to let out some pressure, but you ate quite a lot. It’s better to wait at least an hour.
Blood escaped from his face. Fortunately his complexion was so fair Barton probably didn’t notice. “You... execute people for being homosexuals?”
“Look at this… all this for little old me to taste and prowl… so beautiful. Like a piece of art. If I had a block of marble I would sculpt you like that, and… You like that I praise you, don’t you?”
“I a-always knew, Rogers. U-under that... hard e-exterior t-there is a... b-big fluffy romantic. T-too bad… o-our s-story i-is R-Romeo and J-Juliet k-kind...”
“No, Clint.”
Steve was about to come here and there just watching the show the older man put on. He pressed rest of the lube on his palm and lavished it over his dick and Tony’s crease.
“Nice set-up you Krauts have. Speaking English, even a negro officer. You really think this is enough to assure me I am home among friendlies?”
Rogers gave out a little sad laugh after hearing his old name. “I thought nobody would ever call me that again.”
“I heard that!”
“And Thor? He is in Asgard again?”
Yes, Antonio was fine and Steve started to be seriously pissed off at him. Like this was a laughing matter.
“What about Bruce?” Stark wondered, when agents with their heavy duty gas masks hurried into the room.
No, not really. But Janet liked them, and he liked Janet, so... “I have seen some.”
“That was year and a half ago, soldier”, Fury said, just in case.
“Now… later. You were there, Steve. You saw he was sweaty and convulsing. I just want to know if Antonio is an alcoholic, and if he is, what the big fellow over here had done about it. I mean, it was partly your credit that I sobered up… It was such a huge support to me, and I don’t want...”
An ambulance, maybe he should have risked it and ask for an ambulance, but his head… No meds, no booze, the headache the tumor raised behind his eyes made thinking almost impossible. And then he started to shake.
“Wonderful”, the other Steve grinned. “Let’s go. I know were Natasha keeps her dash.”
“Now you have red ones yourself. You cried. I am just hungry.”
“Y-yes.” Tony’s smile, it was so tired, like a ghost of his original smirk. “Y-you will m-make 4
“Hey, unfair! I didn’t even have time to say anything!”
Tony was now tense like a plank in his arms, denial drawn into the every line of his being. “You can’t make that decision. You can’t let me go. The team needs Iron Man.”
“Hey Steve, you wanna know a secret?”
“It’s true, in more one ways than one. Thanks, Steve.”
“If you think, Steve Rogers, that I do not know the value of Tony Stark’s life, then you are a fool.” Steve’s breath leaves him in a loud, wet gasp at the sound of that name. It’s been so long since he’s heard it from anyone else.
Steve dips his head down before meeting Tony’s eyes again. He looks more than a little unsure, and Tony feels a sharp pang of
’ magazine, if Steve does say so himself.
Later, Rhodey corners Tony as they’re dishing out the popcorn for movie night. “Man, I don’t know what the hell is going on with you and Rogers, but he’s got you hook, line, and sinker. You’re a goner, Tones.”
“I think that’s a pretty big sign that you like me, Tony.”
“Don’t let him get a big head about it, he’s already got an inflated ego.”
“The others have turned in already. I said I’d take the first watch,” Tony continues, voice low. “You should get some sleep.”
“You love it.”
“Of course, honeybear. Anything for you.” Tony grins. “One condition.”
Steve scuffs his shoe against the sidewalk, kicking up the little pebbles in frustration. “Yeah, except now I have no idea where he is!” He freezes, replaying what she just said. “Wait, you really think so?”
Steve sits down heavily on Tony’s bed, heaving a soft sigh.
“You better believe it, all mine. Steve—”
this might be for someone my age?”
Natasha looks gorgeous in a floor-length strapless purple gown, and Tony looks very handsome as well in a grey tuxedo suit with a matching dark grey tie that Steve had helped him pick out before the mission. That’s no surprise, though. Tony looks good in pretty much anything, from a fancy suit to one of his greasy oil-stained tank tops. It’s why Steve finds himself drawing Tony so often, trying to capture the charm of Tony’s twinkling dark eyes and bright smile. It’s a good challenge for him as an artist.
“Uh, yeah,” Tony says, frowning a little before shaking his head, apparently deciding to ignore Steve’s lack of brain-to-mouth filter for the moment. “You seemed off at the debrief earlier. Are you feeling alright?”
“So, Sandra, any thoughts on the rumors about a romance brewing between New York’s very own Iron Man and Hawkeye?”
Tony doesn’t know exactly when he fell in love with Steve, only that he has. And tonight he’s made a deal with himself: a chance at one kiss, a chance to see if Steve might want everything Tony wants.
Steve’s heart is pounding hard in his ears, to the point that he doesn’t think he would be hearing anything else if it wasn’t for the supersoldier serum. He turns his chair away from the screens for a moment, ignoring the worried faces of his other teammates.
He wants all that, and he wants it to be
“Sir is in his office, Captain Rogers, but he is currently tied up with an urgent matter with Ms. Potts,” JARVIS says, sounding almost apologetic in his reply.
So it’s not the image of Steve in red and black checkered flannel that stops Tony in his tracks at the doorway of the rec room. It’s the sinfully tight skinny jeans that Steve has chosen to pair with his flannel top that is currently leaving Tony breathless.
“Yeah, if you want. I really like you. I’ve had a crush on you for months, and I think you like me too, so—”
It’s fine. They’ll be fine.
Steve misses the tiny lopsided grin he saw on Tony’s face sometime ago. It was the one and only time he’d tried to teach Steve how to waltz after they’d gotten soused on too much whiskey.
“Of course not. Who do you take me for? I’ve been ogling that eye-candy for months, please. But that was the first time she caught me staring with, you know,
“You were magnificent,” Steve replies, because Tony had been, so much that he’d rebuilt his armor and saved himself and the whole team from the Time Stone. He always is, as well as dazzling and brilliant and wonderful and frustrating and the best person Steve knows. The person Steve wants to come home to, always.
Tony nods, before turning his attention back to Steve and his problem. “You know, if you’re stuck, I could pose for you.” His smile turns teasing, almost flirtatious. “I’ve been told I’m a good model.”
“Thanks. You look good too - very dashing,” he tries, feeling his face heat.
“Come here, let me help. There you go, sweetheart. How’s this, does that feel better?”
The way Steve is saying his name right now, hushed and reverent, sends goosebumps up Tony’s arms. The moment hangs between them, crystal-bright and beautiful, and Tony swallows hard, keeping his eyes fixed on Steve.
Steve’s statement was sealed with a kiss and the spontaneous applaud of the people around them. Someone hollered. Sounded like Thor.
“I think he is… a magician? A vampire of some sort?”
Steve sat up. The screen was not as big as in theaters, but it didn’t have to be. It was right there, a few yards from him showing him moving pictures and talk and text in a giddy whirlwind which settled down into a title of the film he was soon going to see.
looked familiar. But wasn’t he supposed to be dead?
“Worse”, he rasped to Tony who was not Tony. “A surprise swarm of Mechanoid hatchlings.”
“Oh Tony, when was the last time you ate something? Slept? Bruce said you are binge inventing again.”
“Alright… alright…”
They were here. He had talked with the other Tony almost daily and they were no closer of getting them home. Steve was with him here, in a strange universe, without his occasional girlfriend Janet or his best friends Bucky and Gail. No wonder he felt confused. No wonder he reached out to Tony, and what had he done. That is right, straight to the dick, when even a high schooler knew that you have to do some snogging before you even thought about the third base.
It was definitely And. On the tablet, there was Clint, standing at the doorway. His usual bad jokes, and…
That this Tony was not courting Natasha he could understand. He had never liked that smarmy smiling spider, not even before her betrayal. It told something about his tiredness he started to wonder aloud girly things like that. “I mean… Isn’t she a… I don’t know, I have already seen that both Tonys have quite big personalities. One would think she would be a tad plain for his taste.”
“So what? As you said, Antonio was out of his damn mind. He probably dreamed about his fancy parties and his arms full of some dame.”
“That is not sophistication”, Tony interrupted his explanations. “That is a sickness... Never mind. It has been almost two days. Yes, his withdrawal symptoms would have started for real. His pulse was all over the place and he was hardly lucid. Even without his other injuries… He was going cold turkey. I just want to know how could you let it go this far? So bad? Did you even try to do anything?”
It had been really nice, this last week. Steve hovering around him like a diligent nurse, raiding nice foods from the kitchen for him. Steve sitting beside his bed, watching TV with him… a companion or a watchdog, any way you like it, so endearing however. Tony could hardly keep himself in check when those big, warm hands were fluffing his pillow or helping him with a T-shirt. Every touch of Steve’s skin made the memory of that kiss raise to surface.
“They say raising kids goes easier the second time, sir. I think you have enough experience to manage this horrid ordeal.”
“You keep up with me”, Fury warned when they were ready to go. “You don’t touch anything, and if Doctor Banner says he needs us to leave, you do it without any hassle. You don’t want to make that guy nervous.”
It had been a humbling experience. But thanks to his team, a group of people who was now his new family, it had become better.
“If we are lucky”, Tony snorted, hearing their conversation. “That would be easier than the Microverse… oh hi, fellow genius”, he said to somebody on the line, turning his attention back to his tablet. “We were speculating if you are on Earth… Do you have a moment? We are in a bit of a jam around here.”
“L-like that. Y-yes. B-but m-maybe only water… water is good…”
“Stark, I am warning you...”
“He may not look like it, but he is starving. He thought we were torturing him with the lack of food.”
“Uh… yes, I saw Tony in the lab, but I don’t know if he is interested. He hates old clicks.”
Now Antonio was again utterly confused.
Janet and Hank Pym had a domestic during which Hank beat Janet first to the hospital and then Steve clobbered Hank to teach him how to treat his lady-wife. Fury was well aware the supersoldier was used to solve any new problem with his fists, not with relationship negotiations.
“Antonio, no!” Janet shouted. The last glimpse for Janet to those tired, sad eyes, and then Antonio raised his fingers from the safety lever.
There was that stressed out smell again. A heart beating too fast. “Tell them what”, Tony asked, his voice hoarse. “That their beloved robot teammate is a pitiful old drunkard? That would go well, what do you think. They threw a party for it, for fuck’s sake. I stood besides a wall like a fucking statue, some stupid paper hat on my head, looking at how they blew my candles and ate my cake and it was still the best birthday of my life.”
“Oh sorry. The red one in the upper corner. It witches it on.”
“SteveToo and Antonio are still coming this way. Estimated time of arrival one hour and seventeen minutes.”
He shrugged. “I wouldn’t know, but I am not known to be one of the great minds… what do you think?”
Tony was sitting between Steve’s legs, teasing his rod with his fingers and the licks of his tongue. He didn’t take Steve into his mouth, that would have made the supersoldier came immediately, and he had promised to train him. It seemed that was what Steve was doing by himself also. Those mighty thigh muscles were shaking and the man gripped the sheets like a baby monkey his mother’s back fur. His back was a taunt like a bow, ready to let arrow go. And those voices… his moans and whines and those little grunts, Tony felt he could come from those alone.
“I sensed the situation was well in your control, Director. And I am afraid that in this case I can’t be much of assistance. I didn’t hurry, because I can’t offer any magical means to solve your problem. I don’t sense any dark magic in work here, nor I feel a magical presence of any kind.”
“Fury”, Rogers huffed, raising his face to look at the observation deck. “Nice timing. We really weren’t doing anything important like being in the middle of the battle.”
He wasn’t, but it didn’t matter, if this act carried him nearer Antonio. He was standing at the garage door… and then he was up in the air. He hadn’t thought it beforehand, but Janet was carrying him her hands under his armpits, it was like he weighted nothing, but on the other hand, he knew Wasp could hit a target with a power of her normal-sized body. Wasn’t that contradictory? Maybe he could ask her about it later, or even better, let Antonio explain the math behind it to him. His face was always so lively, so without his sarcastic sneer, when he could speak freely about his science thingies...
Tony went but not until he had given Steve a stink eye. Steve prepared the bed, wondering the soft, pristine white sheets, which were cool to his touch. Tony had washed himself and was still deliciously humid, his towel dry hair spiked. He was also totally naked and Steve felt a short jerk inside his pants.
“How did he know we are here? Is he a mutant or something? Telescopic sight?”
“You tickle.”
She rewarded his kindness with a teary little smile. “Someone nice, I hope.”
Tony and Steve were teammates. Friends. They could stand this close. Or was this too close? Or too far, so it looked unnatural and stated they had something to hide? And don’t even start about the touching.
“Never heard about them”, the other Steve confessed. “OK, Tony, get out of your armor asap. Get a shower. Everyone, meet us in the kitchen in fifteen.”
Steve put Gail down onto the couch. Then he put his huge paw on the that tiny, frail knee of his wartime best friend and gave it a careful shake.
Doctor Heller had just said his piece as the alarm started to blast. In the scene one there stood now a seven feet tall robot, or somebody inside a robotic armor, which vaguely reminded Fury of those Stark had designed, but this one had not sleek surfaces or light colors like Stark’s original works. It was all black and grays, but the strong magnetic field locked it onto the floor anyway. The concentrated EMP seals, which Doctor Heller was closing around the thing, destroyed the rest of its mobility. That taken cared of, he could move to observe the specimen on the stage two. The agents had already surrounded the man in a dark combat gear. He was tall and muscular like a soldier, carrying handguns on his both hips and sporting a short bear which was lightly darker blond than his hair. On his chest there was a faint gray mark which looked like a star. On his right hand, the newcomer was carrying a shield. That was dark too, only blacks and grays and blues, but its shape and the guy’s fighting stance didn’t leave much room for speculation.
“Last time I checked I had no cunt.”
“That is good. Then we can… Tony, what is it?”
But what if there had been more than flowers and butterflies? There had been this boy, Paul, who had painted people and animals, and finally, him too. That had been a swell picture. He had hidden it on the bottom of his clothes chest like guessing it was not so wise to let his friends to see it.
“Afghanistan.” Tony pronounced the word like a curse. It was obvious something horrible had happened to him in that place. “I don’t know, Steve. Maybe…”
“He was an Italian poet. In one of his long poems there is this story about a man and his sons. How an enemy locked them in the tower. Let them starve until the father tasted the flesh of his own children.”
“Not little pigs”, he said finally. “Porridge would do.”
“No he doesn’t! How about Iron Man?”
“He certainly is.”
One of Fury’s bullets had penetrated the cheekbone. They watched as it popped out and was yanked off all the way. Then the thing raised its inhuman gaze to the deck window and stared right at them even if Stark had turned the glass into those one-way mirrors the interrogation rooms favored.
If that little speech was not food for premonition, Steve didn’t know what would be. “Tony. To to point. What is in there? Did you tinker with some vintage death ray and just forgot it there?”
Her voice had gotten a tone he didn’t much appreciate; if he wasn’t careful, in this weakened state, her empathy would make tears rise into his eyes.
Unlike me, was left unsaid. But Gail had promised she forgave him, and Steve had to assume it was about everything.
The Widow’s Bite didn’t usually have much effect against enraged supersoldiers, but the protocol Steve had suggested was a dirty trick, an electroshock from Nat’s bracelet got even his full attention when administrated into his ear. No wonder SteveToo howled like a banshee and was momentarily distracted so that Iron Man could finally pull that dangerous shield away.
“Steve”, Tony started, and even his robotic voice succeeded to sound disturbed. “I would never… You can’t mean...”
That earned him silence and blank faces. Even Barton kept his stupid jokes behind his teeth.
“Bruce, try to stay calm!” he shouted when the thing moved faster than any normal human being should. Fury emptied his gun to its torso and head, but it was still able to sink its fangs into Banner’s throat. Bruce’s scream of fright and pain halted with a wet gurgling sound, but then Fury was already running.
“Be careful”, the first voice was now saying. “It may not be Stark himself, but what if he is one of those others? They are saying that Iron Patriot is again operational. What if...”
“I will never hear the end of it, won’t I?”
Maybe it was sarcasm. Or maybe time went differently there where the hell they had been making their makeover.
…and then he was back to his normal size. Lying on the ground and partly on Janet.
“What gave me away?”
That made him calm down. A bit. Maybe now was the time to explore why the medical team couldn’t locate Stark’s brain tumor anymore?
“Yeah”, the other Steve admitted, his visage getting a solemn hue, guessing his meaning so accurately again it was spooky. “We little guys, shaking in a cold mud pits somewhere, waiting when generals draw lines onto their maps… Wanna watch some TV?”
“Hulk will heal him. If not, he is beyond our help. That thing ripped his throat right open.”
Fury tried to imagine Captain America pushing a tail back into his pants after morning dump. That tiger tail, he meant. God, he had started to sound like Stark.
“Frag coming from ten o’clock!” Steve stated to his comm. Everybody not protected with a high-tech armor took cover.
“Shouldn’t you check it out? Just to make sure?”
The name-calling was usually a sign that a person was lacking other, more efficient resources.
“Tony, now is really not the time...”
“As Sam said, it is probably nothing”, Barton hurried to explain. “I just… I kind of let SteveToo to understand that being gay is illegal and could lead to execution… But he can’t be moronic enough to really believe that, can he? I mean, this is America, not some...”
The smell hit his nostrils when the door opened. A unique mix of nervous sweat, manly musk, and unwashed armpits. Steve pulled his underwear on sure he had smelled wrong, but this time he didn’t: at the door stood the guy he had killed in the lab.
“That was horrible.” She cried again and squeezed the piglet too hard, making it wiggle in discomfort. “Why are you telling me only horrible stories, Steve?”
Alright. Now he could connect the face and the name. “Why?”
Don’t think… you have been so good recently, not making pass on guys, he had been careful not to spook Steve. And honestly, who other guy could ever compare?
The door to the observation deck opened, and there he stood. Not a hair out of place, in his Tom Ford suit, because the occasion wasn’t worth of his hundred thousand bucks Alexander Amosu Vanquish II Bespoke. Or so he still thought. If he had known what Fury’s call had been about, he would have brought his fifty-two year old single malt Scotch with him. A hundred thousand again, but who was counting. Maybe he would have given Fury a sip too. Just because Fury had called him and told him the news.
“What the hell do you mean he disappeared? The room should be monitored by… yes, I know they were not classified hostile, they could move from the room, but they are not allowed to beat up our agents… it wasn’t, yes, why was that... No, I don’t care of any staff shortage, if you are in the monitor duty, you took a tablet to the bathroom all I know… No, Agent, you should have noticed, it’s kind of your job, isn’t it? The guards… you are shitting me, aren’t you? No! How many times I have to say this: No unauthorized goings or comings, no matter if the guy is dressed up as our flag… Yes, guess what, I don’t care your great grandfather was in Normandy with Captain America, it is better that any of you morons don’t mention Normandy to me ever again.”
It is more than a gross oversight on his part. Because now? Now, this could very well cost Tony’s life. It’s too little, too late to go back and change the past, and the nearest help is over two hundred thousand miles away.
. I need IV lines, saline, Tylenol―hell, I need to take a blood culture―and,
They’re watching one of the few channels they get signal for all the way out here in the middle of Nowhere, U.S.A., though none of them truly seem to mind anyway. It’s late, the last of NBC’s nightly news already over and gone.
All of his assets were seized―including the remainder of his armours―forcing anyone remotely associated with Tony to either go into hiding or face Osborn’s deranged wrath.
“Technically,” Natasha says with an amused curl of the lips, “it’s ‘
he exclaims, and if he were healthier Steve imagines the loudness of his voice would match his tone. “I left, and it didn’t matter because the one person I thought the world of was
There’s a crash in the kitchen.
He takes his time packing the few things he’ll need―clothes, medicine, the bare essentials―and loads it all up onto the quinjet. After a moment’s thought, as he stands there looking down at the few duffle bags in a corner by the back, he decides to take the liberty of also bringing the few things that he thinks Tony would like as a means for entertainment, but leaves everything else.
“Allow her time,” was all Thor murmured, carefully setting the attaché of vials into Steve’s numb hands. “And express my regret for my harshly spoken words to our friend.”
series will be dedicated to what happened in between the surgery and Clint and Amanda arriving at Wakanda. It'll be soaked with feels, so come prepared! (This is, also, already in the writing process and will be, hopefully, posted soon enough.)
Dammit. “He passed out,” he confirms aloud to himself. The words seem to echo back at him in the thin silence of the room.
disinterested. “He’ll bust a stitch again, and then we’ll have the Hulk making a scene at the Wakandan royal palace.
“requesting emergency evac, Code Blue. I repeat, this is Steve Rogers. I need―Jesus Christ, someone
They don’t let Steve see Tony. He’s in ICU, they tell him. He might not survive, they say.
“They’re thinking of moving him out of ICU by the end of the week, if he continues to show improvement,” Tony’s day nurse, Theo, tells him.
There is no breath left in his lungs to speak.
Tony’s eyes fill with tears. “I wanted to―” He cuts himself off abruptly, wrenches his face away from Steve’s over his. It does nothing to hide the tears as they begin to fall, silently one after the other across the bridge of his nose and down to soak into the sheets. “Why weren’t you there?”
stand for it again. Am I perfectly understood?”
“They wouldn’t let me see you,” Tony says again, staring up at him from his supine form on the covers.
, that’s a hell of a fever.” His eyes, glowing radioactive green, glare at the Avengers just standing around. “Are you guys
“Not on my agreement,” Thor denies, almost childishly. “Stormbreaker will allow you passage.”
No one asks how he knows; it was Bruce’s voice that rang through the phone, not Tony’s. Tony must have said something before then, and the Hulk had picked up on the rest.
Steve concedes to that.
“Do you even
The Hulk grumbles a satisfied
The air gets steadily colder as they approach the docking bay, his footsteps echoing more loudly as the halls fall emptier and wider. Tony’s shivering worsens with the drop in temperature, but it’s not until Tony makes a small, distressed-sounding
Steve’s heart seizes. “Jesus, Tony.” He’s on his knees in less than a second flat, sinking his hand through sweaty locks of hair as he guides Tony to bury his face between the juncture of his shoulder and neck. Like this, it’s easy to feel the heat radiating off of Tony, the vibrating tautness in his bunched and strained muscles. “It’s okay,” he haltingly soothes as the collar of his shirt starts going damp; “it’s okay, Shellhead.”
He doesn’t think he can look Tony in the eye after this.
, hey,” Rhodey rushes to soothe, rubbing at Tony’s temple with a circling thumb. “No freaking out on me, okay? You really need to keep still.”
Tony makes a noncommittal hum, his dark lashes fluttering with exhaustion. “Could be worse,” he rasps through a dry throat. “I could be brain dead in a ditch somewhere.”
So far, tomorrow marks the second week since Steve has been here, secluded on the Moon with Tony. It’s been over a month since anyone has so much as laid eyes on Tony, beyond on the brief video call Steve had with Reed Richards and Hank McCoy regarding Tony’s condition, though not for lack of trying.
Tony grumbles, massaging his arm. “Yeah, well, at least,
It has been three months since he last saw Tony. The days are dull, the nights a living hell.
Tony huffs, clearly trying to retain an eye roll. “I’ll sleep later, in a bit. I want presents, and I want jello. I’m a man of simple needs.”
“What the hell!” Rhodey starts; Steve is already racing after the Hulk’s steps.
he mouths.
“I’m sorry, Mister Rogers,” the doctor says again. “We really won’t know until the swelling in his brain goes down. He’ll always have to rely on the RT node in order to breathe and for his heart to keep beating, among other things; when he was infected with that―virus.” She waves a vague hand in the air. “Well, the antivirus they gave him managed to stop the virus in its track, but it still made a lot of damage to his medulla oblongata, at that connection port he has at the base of his head. He might have been suffering migraines due to all of the strange activity he was getting from the damaged organ, may even have fainted. Any stress would have surely exacerbated his symptoms. It doesn’t help that his body would have felt like it was still under attack, so to speak; that’s probably why he developed a fever despite not being physically ill. There’s also a lot of evidence for myocardial stress in the EKG we’ve been getting; he’s scheduled for an ultrasound if his heart rhythm doesn’t improve within the next days or so. But all of that doesn’t even take into account the trauma he’s received. If―if Mister Stark pulls through this, he’ll need a lot of physio, maybe even someone to help him with daily tasks.”
The hammer! Steve realized during his brief blasphemy. That had to be it! It must be one of the
The noise stopped. Tony was behind a workbench, blinking at them with a puzzled look on his face.
That was Reed Richards? He was sporting a beard. No snarky or cruel twist on his lips, only a familiar, vacant air of a genius. Like his mind was going million miles a minute while he was talking with them.
“Yes, the man is hopeless”, Barton huffed. “We have well established that. If you wanna date or have some funny times Nat can vet for you half a dozen more suitable candidates just like that.”
While the teammates quipped, he looked at Tony Stark again. It made sense that Antonio was one of the kind. You could always breed more super soldiers, they were only drugs and gym, so it was no wonder he and his own counterpart were so much alike. Yes, those cold blue eyes were familiar, but the man’s smile was strange, not exactly unfriendly, but not happy either, like his mind was in a state of permanent melancholy. His own lips were more often than not twisted in honestly angry grimace.
The camera changed. Steve was standing on the overhang in front of the observation window, only vaguely realizing what he was doing, his only thought to sink his teeth into the men behind the glass. Seeing Tony’s face so pale and scared made something in his gut squeeze painfully. In the middle of pink mist, alarms blaring, and his uniform in tatters, Steve was like an evil spirit raised from the grave, ready to gorge himself with the flesh of the living.
Gail snorted, which nowadays reminded him of Nat. “Please! Don’t try to pull one over me. Even when you were here with that Pym woman, you were always Tony this and Tony that. Who else could it be?
“Can we talk? Face to face?”
“Oh that”, the man said and god honest blushed. “I am Doctor Bruce Banner, and no, you didn’t kill me. The wound… yes, you ripped my throat open, but… It doesn’t matter, please forget about it. No harm done.”
“Tell you what, I haven’t missed that at all”, Anthony snorted. “You rude bastards! Its not my fault I didn’t get enough vitamins as a kid like you giants.”
“I am sorry, I didn’t hear what you were saying”, he growled, while booting the hollering guy into his nuts. “Still unclear, you must speak up, son. On the other hand… do I really need you conscious or alive? Your pal here seems like he too wants to have a word. Maybe he is quicker to utter something I want to know.”
“What, you think only women get nice things? Welcome to the 21
“Like Hydra?”
Fury touched the panel in front of them. “Doctor Banner, bring forward your exhibit number one.”
Yes, there it still was, pulling the rug from under his feet, every time. Steve wasn’t a prime example of white Anglo-Saxon hetero male, was he, and even if he had practiced his whole life, he was still awfully bad in hypocrisy.
They had been kissing. Why on Earth he hadn’t kept just doing that? But no, he had dived straight to the guy’s dick, tried to smother him with his tongue and then said all kind of dirty things while doing that. It was a crappy first time…
“But it is because of famous Nicholas Fury paranoia”, Janet continued, shaking her head. “Yes, we know.”
He didn’t come any closer. He was still sitting on the floor, in the same place. But he felt closer nevertheless, and her back was pushed tightly against the door. She couldn’t back off an inch, even if she had wanted to.
“Tony.”
That was to a thirtysomething man in a SHIELD standard black uniform and a crimson cloak which covered the upper half of his face. Fury didn’t like his eyes anyway, for they were too all-knowing for his taste. As usual a mystical amulet of some ancient deity hung around Anderson’s neck. Its glowing dance of lights and shadows always gave Fury a feeling of upcoming epilepsy attack. He and Stark had one thing in common: both of them hated magic.
Tony seemed to be sure their visitors were romantically linked or at least Antonio was pining hard after his Captain. Antonio had indeed felt quite amorous to Steve, but he being a Stark, it could be only common prurience talking and nothing to do with actual feelings.
Tony had seldom felt such a disappointment. He had been already so sure, that… It was way worse than dropping your ice-cream on the ground or… It was… He felt how his playboy smile plastered over his face as he continued his ramblings. Maybe his smirk cracked a little around the edges but it was there, firmly in its place, Stark men were made of iron, you know… But for some reason, Steve didn’t feel satisfied with this course of action either.
“Understand what, darling?”
No fucking way he would have done this! He was not a damn sheep, there had always been laws which were full of crap. This was not right. Antonio hadn’t harmed anybody. How dare they treat him the same like a common murderer?
“Thank god. Your dick is so nice, darling. Not that I have seen it, but those big hands...”
Sometimes he wondered how a man like Steve could even look at him without contempt. He was so weak. Without his money and toys he was nothing, just a sick, naked body lying on the floor of some garage, covered in nanofluid and his own blood.
Steve finished the apple and wiped his fingers on his T-shirt.
Now they remembered it? What was this team then? If there was no war what did it do?
“Hey, buddy.”
If there had been more time, Tony would have talked for quite a while about Einstein-Rosen bridges, Quantum Mirrors, and Ghost Boxes and Steve would have listened to, just for the joy of hearing his teammate’s voice. No questions from Steve, even if all those Tony’s fancy explanations would have been way over his head. Steve didn’t have even basic knowledge of parallel universe theories, so why to open his mouth and appear as a dumb soldier boy in front of the man who considered almost everybody his intellectual inferior. Not the last impression you wanted to leave when you were both dying. Especially, if you were secretly in love with the man you were dying with.
“I see.”
That said the giant focused on poking his ear. They were screaming at him quite loud this time.
“Not for an asspirate either.”
An arm of Tony’s suit lay there like a severed limb. “Where did you find that, sir?” Janet was asking because he certainly couldn’t. He stood there like an idiot, staring at that horrible sight.
“Don’t worry. If there is any way they can locate your teammate, they will find it. You just need to be well rested when that happens. So… After you rip those off, it is shower time. Then food and bed. Do you need any help?”
“Birdy bird, you probably recognized that handsome face… Alright. Now when everybody is on board… Nat, floor it. One minute to the first drop, people. Tony, you take Clint. Sam is with me. You…” the other Steve said, nodding at him, “with Janet. I hope that is alright with you. You two can take this one. Prepare yourselves… and Janet, careful. Don’t assume he will react as I would. The same goes for you, SteveToo. Remember, you just met a few minutes ago.”
The time stood still or perhaps it run too fast. Steve was sure he would pass out of pleasure from the double feelings of his gums and dick, and he was relieved when a smell and noises of Tony’s orgasm finally pushed him from the edge.
That was him. Either a full throttle or no movement at all. He took Tony’s hand and kissed carefully those strong and restless fingers.
So Antonio was healing well, the Avengers had found his missing armor parts, it would have been so much easier for all of them if they could just go home. Except they couldn’t, of course. They were still stuck in this universe until Richards and Stark came up with something, and it made it all worse. At home there would be another mission, another catastrophe, and Steve could have tried to forget what had happened. But no. He was here, and Antonio was here, and all in this place made him remember how he had bent over Antonio, who was lying helpless in the four poster bed, lying there in pain and confusion when Steve had kissed him, a hand around his neck, ready to twist or squeeze.
“Yes, exactly.”
That was from Captain Danvers again. Fury was feeling a little faint.
“Shouldn’t this be the place?” he asked, when Janet didn’t repeat her unnecessary and nosy question. “Why isn’t that thing doing anything?”
She started to cry. She took in big, ugly gulps of air, which made her body stutter. The man, the monster sat still in front of her and waited for her to calm down on her own.
She had counted in her head while planning their trail. The people gave her cover but she had to keep out of Steve’s sight that he wasn’t tempted to shoot again. At the same time, she had to be seen at least occasionally that he didn’t get frustrated and (you guessed!) started to shoot just to make her show her face. It was heart-breaking to think about Steve on the same terms as their villains, but the consequences of her softness would be too pricey: more innocent blood in her hands, when her past life had made sure her account books were in red already.
Steve had come just by playing with Tony’s rod? Yes, death of me, Tony thought. But the shower didn’t sound like a bad proposition, actually, it gave Tony some ideas. Steve had made him come like some untried teenager. That needed payback. If Steve would be on his feet after Tony was through with him, his name was not Antonio Stark, playboy extraordinaire and Iron Man of this and any other universe.
The royal third person did the trick. Or maybe those bees in Thor’s ear were bored or just wanted to see what Steve was capable of because the shield was soon delivered to the room by the same method they had gotten the food. It was strange to feel its weigh in his hands again, but there was no time for nostalgia. His host had taken a battle stance. Even the air around the man felt to electrify, and for a moment Steve wondered could he really command the lightning with his will. A moment was indeed all Steve got. There was a mighty battle roar and a shout for the glory of Asgard. Steve hardly had any time to raise his shield to protect himself when the hammer hit him with the power which could level buildings. And it would, if the glass had been only glass and not alien substance which didn’t yield under their efforts.
The family might fight. Its members could disagreed. Still the pack loved and protected each others. It was then too bad he and Antonio were not part of the Avenger family, so when they fought and got bruised, and bones were broken and inconvenient truths were said aloud, they knew there was no love involved. Not even cautious interest anymore.
In spite of the horrible situation, Tony let out a spontaneous sounding giggle. “Come on, Steve. You weren’t that bad.”
“Yeah, yeah. Didn’t believe then, don’t believe now. When do you bring him here? One more person pissing into his pants doesn’t matter.”
They hadn’t told the team about their marriage yet. That would be a dead giveaway of the yawning credibility gap between them.
Barton tapped his knuckles on the metal man to emphasize his words. “This fellow has saved our bacon in the field more times I can count. What good has its creator ever done, but to make an ass of himself in public.”
Is this what it felt like, he wonders, to break someone’s trust for the sole sake of keeping them alive and well? Willingly betraying Tony’s trust, while he is most vulnerable in his sleep―the pain it inspires in his heart threatens to render him apart. And if this pain is but a modicum to what Tony must have went through,
“Oh, hey, we’re just in time, then,” Natasha says, slapping at Steve’s arm.
Um. I'll, uh...go hide in the corner and pretend that this didn't take me literal months to crank out...
Do you understand me? Tony’s
Steve should be there. Steve wants to be there.
“Hush, you,” she gentles. “You did everything right and everything you could. All you need to do now is rest and gain your strength back. You leave the plummeting of that Thanos son of a bitch to me, you hear?”
“They told me how you bested the Incredible Brother Green with your slyness and power! That you ripped his throat right open, his blood landing on your armor like those flowers maidens throw over the warriors heading to the battle. Very fine deed! How I would have wanted to see the sight with my own eyes, your pleasant and fair form changed, and you fighting fierce as Fenris, the great devourer of the worlds!”
“Surrender!” Steve ordered, still pummeling his counterpart. “Surrender, you have no weapons or your shield, you don’t want us to hurt you as badly as you deserve!”
“I still don’t understand why they are fussing like old women”, Thor huffed. “I am from Asgard myself, and these Midgard habits escape me sometimes. But come, Warrior Monster! Come, eat and drink with Thor the God of Thunder, son of great Odin All-Father and grandson of Borr, son of Buri! Come and we share the tales of our victories.”
“Funny, I was just thinking the same”, Steve mumbled. “That other Tony, he could organize a party. I don’t remember I have ever laughed so much.”
“We haven’t...” Anderson junior started, and almost got himself clobbered by the famous shield before its owner remembered they needed him talking.
“We will be ready in five”, Doctor Samuel Heller was stating at the microphone. Unlike his colleagues, he wasn’t affected by his presence. Heller knew his own value better than most, without him and his theories the Project Homecoming wouldn’t exist. Without Doctor Heller, they would be still wondering, what had happened to their assets, and no, Fury was not being a prick when he was talking about Steve Rogers and Antonio Stark like they were not breathing and living human beings. He thought like that about all the people who he worked with. The people he had to order to take enormous risks, who he sometimes had to send to a certain death. Thinking about them like persons he would ask for tea and biscuits or to play a round of racquetball was out of the question.
How soon she forgot to whom she was talking to. A moody little missy.
A new blast from the grenade made the air rattle in their ears and smashed another statue. Shards of stone flew in the air, one of them making a bloody graze on Steve’s cheek.
She looked at him with sad eyes. “What is your name, little missy?”
“Enough!” Thor shouted, standing up and reaching with his hand. “Mjolnir, hear your true master! Return to me!”
Fury classified that other team under twin categories of possible threats and possible allies. But there was still some things he wasn’t satisfied with.
“Here!”
At least Antonio was alive as she noticed when her search paid dividends. It was weird to fly to her old room, see somebody else lying in her old bed. But if Antonio was Goldilocks in this story, what it made her, a bear probably. Of course Antonio was alive. Their Steve had been just… SteveToo was him and he would never… wouldn’t he?
He had had a shield and a gun, but only two hands. Why not to make use of his other assets too?
Thor’s words had only made Steve to tighten his grip. The hammer was heavy, but not so heavy he would have difficulties to move it like that drunken idiot had stated.
Steve sat at the table as Thor went to the door. It opened and a trolley was pushed inside. Thor brought it forward and they emptied its load. It was indeed a feast, there was so much of everything. Steve’s stomach let out an angry growl and his mouth started to water. They had brought him porridge when he had asked and then broth and some bread. Yesterday he had eaten meat with gravy and smashed potatoes. Steve sniffed the taste. There was bovine meat again, and some kind of fowl, probably chicken.
“Awww, he has looked at your eyes”, Barton was simpering, making kissy faces towards Tony. “You could ditch that little list of yours and just say your dream-Tony is more handsome than our reality here.”
“I called SHIELD to pick it up. Just a few things… Keep your hands in front of your face, the air, the sand pebbles, the insects, they can’t hurt you because of your compacted body mass, but everything will feel very uncomfortable before you get used to it. When we will get there and I will let you drop, it is a sign you are going to gain your normal size. You good to go?”
“Is that...”
“No of course not! Freedom of thought and all that. Those guys were caught in the act. They called it their
“You are still expecting us to act like Nazis”, the man mused. “Yes, you were lucky it was a research vessel of my company which found you. There are people out there who make Nazis look like choir boys, bad people, who don’t ask permissions if they find something profitable.”
They were early. Fury had been prepared, but the situation still filled him with suspicion. The group didn’t seem overly concerned about the armed agents who had now them surrounded. Their leader raised his face to look at his direction, not seeing him and Captain Danvers behind the mirror glass, but nevertheless giving them a muted smile and a brief salute.
“Steve, listen. We modern people, we have so much porn, that we… we wait that our partners are like pros and we are impatient and demanding.”
“What?” Steve panted, sitting down on the corridor floor, waiting his body to stop burning. “Have you all become mad… what is wrong with you? Don’t you see...”
“You know our Steve. So modest. But you know the drill, Fury. Supersoldier, power, strategic skills, the whole shebang. Like twin brothers. In every aspect.”
It was an enormous task to raise his hand. Probably there wasn’t even anything, no Steve, but why not to try. What was the worst what could happen, right? He reached with his fingers, and for his confused delight, he felt something touching his skin. Something warm, a warm cheek, his hand was on Steve’s face and then Steve’s massive paw surrounded his hand.
It was not just Antonio… Well, it was mostly Tony, Steve was still scared for his mate, his lover, whatever. Tony was still dying of cancer, and Steve could do nothing about the fact, so he let it all come out at once, his anger, his fear, his disappointment… when he had woken up in the future world, so much like this one here… what he had then read from the history books, what he had seen with his own eyes, how they have used their victory and turned it into the farce, this mock version of his country and the American values.
Thor shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t usually understand what Brother Green talks about. Did his words mean anything to you, Warrior Monster?”
Then there was only the dressing problem left. He almost fell on his ass when he opened the door of the walk-in closet. There were half a dozen expensive looking suits and almost twenty different dress shirts and button downs, shoes and boots and sneakers, piles of T-shirts and jeans, sports wear and underwear and accessories. He wondered how his counterpart could had afforded this all, when he himself had came out of ice having nothing. The salary SHIELD paid him wasn’t nothing much either, but he could afford one good suit and some other necessaries.
It is a useless endeavour―until Thor takes up the other end of the ship and grinds it, Hulk and all, to a stop mid-air.
Bruce looks up again, but he’s still not familiar enough with the man to understand what that blank expression means. “Rhodes?”
“Hey, no, man, you keep doing what you’re doing. Tony and I’ll just to keep busy meantime,” Rhodey says, like it’s that simple. “He’s almost done, all right?” he tells Tony, running his free hand through sweaty locks. Tony leans into the touch with a pained grunt. “Almost done, T.”
That peaks Fallon’s interest. “
in that grey suit,” Clint summarizes to Laura later that night, tucking in the corner of the blankets around Lila. “It’s those damn high heels he wears, I tell you.”
Brain damage. That’s what they were looking at. And Osborn had made it all the worse by beating Tony within an inch of his life. It wasn’t a question of
” He springs from his chair, his hand presenting Tony’s confounded figure. “
,” Tony protests, raspy and halfway to petulant.
And like a dam breaking, the tears drag free.
bore into his own like sharpened coals. “Why
Pepper Potts gives a nod in affirmation, her emerald gaze the last thing Maria Hill sees before the suit’s visor slides down over Potts’ face. “Ready when you are,” comes her voice, lilted with that same cybernetic tone that all Iron Man armours possess.
And, sure enough, Bruce comes down from the transformation freaking out. “What―what just happened. Did I kill anyone? Oh, my god, is that Tony?”
where he can do damn all and the only help is literally hundreds of thousands of miles away
“I know,” Steve soothes, and Tony thinks, secretly, that it really shouldn’t be so soothing. “It’s okay, Tony.”
“Tony, god,” he breathes, half desperate not to let the burning in his eyes fall, “what the hell are you doing here? You should be in hospital.”
A dash of pink make a valiant return to Tony’s cheeks. He covers his eyes with his palms. “God,” he bewails, “it’s like you’re making up for all of the years you couldn’t embarrass me when I was a kid.”
The sounds get sharper as they round the corner, and the scene he bears witness has his heart dropping into the depths of his stomach.
S.H.I.E.L.D., frettingly wondering over the whereabouts of its current Director, was able to place a trace on the repulsor technology, which had shown a clear trajectory into outer space. From there, it had been up to Colonel Rhodes to pinpoint the not-so-logical conclusion that Tony has been secluding himself on a fort he had built on the Moon some years ago.
―This isn’t the time the time to
They watch the soft orange lights of the city for several quiet moments, the occasional car that drives by. It’s quieter, somewhat, than the heart of Manhattan. Steve still misses the Fifth Avenue mansion.
And he never got to look Steve Rogers in the eye one last time. To hear his voice. To feel his presence.
not―”
James Rhodes curses low and dark over the comms.
He thought he’d already felt the worst of the pain of his guilt. It is nothing in the face of seeing the sheer despair on Tony’s expression, the layers of hurt brimming in his reddened eyes.
Osborn’s head whips to the side, but the bullet has done nothing more than make a barely visible indentation. It’s enough of a distraction.
Thor is already ahead of all of them. HIs lightning, bursting blue, crackles in the sky.
“Director Osborn, sir, we’re approaching jump-drive speeds,” Agent Gormley says. “The infiltrators are being apprehended as we speak.”
Thoughts and comments one thousand percent welcome! :D
Tony and the hospital director are long-time friends, forged from many donations from Tony’s part. The director had also been there on that street when those civilians had to push him away. “You don’t get to go in that room and pretend everything is fine and dandy after what you’ve done,” the director had spat at his feet. “Get out of my hospital.”
Steve tells himself that he has no right to mourn the loss of the brief contact. He doesn’t take it personally, however; Tony can’t take invasions of space the majority of the time, claustrophobia warring at its best. “Tony―”
Yet everything was according to plan.
Tony immediately knows that tone of voice. “Mom―” he tries to catch her hand as she turns to stand, but she pats it back down over his lap gently.
Tony peers at something just over Steve’s shoulder. His silence is telling.
Despite Steve trying to usher him back to bed every other few hours, Tony has been resolutely staying by Steve’s side at the kitchen island. He doesn’t particularly offer anything worthwhile to contribute to the ongoing conversations, but Steve has found his presence rather soothing at times and a welcome distraction at others.
” he roars, a battle cry that resonates through the forests of Wakanda. The Hulk stumbles at first, tripping over an armored leg still wrapped around his flesh. He tears it apart with scrambling fingers. He stumbles again, free, and his fist pounds on the earth. He gets one foot under him and then the other.
It doesn’t help that Steve has always fallen for a pair of blue eyes, and Tony’s have the habit of appearing as if to spray their own light against his golden skin.
Whatever good humour had been building between them is smothered in a flash. Tony has broken into a cold sweat, his head starting to loll like he has lost all strength in his neck muscles.
Natasha is undeterred. “That’s okay, Big Guy. You can keep him safe; I just want to see him. I haven’t seen Tin Man in a long time.”
It’s the last thing he remembers.
“S’rr,” Tony slurs, Steve’s hearing barely enough to pick up the breathy sound.
He had felt like the Red Skull incarnate when he told Tony what he had said
Unstrapped as the guitar was, Tony holds the instrument at his side like a stand-in person and takes a bow to the hoarsely screaming crowd.
on this
Originally, Amanda (nor Clint, for that matter) was not supposed to be in this part of the series, but she, like Clint, sort of wrote herself in LOL
He doesn’t remember the last time he cried himself to sleep.
“Are you listening?” Carol says rather irritably. “If Tony comes back, you’ll be handing Osborn exactly what he wants.”
“I don’t care,” Tony croaks. “Y’re alive. That’s all that matters.”
This chapter weaves in and out of present and past tense. I wanted it to sort of follow Steve's jumbled thoughts, and I can only hope I accomplished that LOL.
“Well,” Amanda says, “if it isn’t Captain America.”
The song begins to die down, the strumming of the guitar falling into quiet twinges. “
