Really, John Watson was about to write a whole synonymous dictionary to describe Sherlock Holmes in one of these cases' days; even if he was somewhat used to it, there were still times when Sherlock managed to drain the patience out of the good doctor.
to that devilish smirk. "Show me your arm, Sherlock. Still itching?"
"Yes we should.” John eyed himself, “please, Sherlock... my legs are..."
John remembered that impulse to run when there was a situation of danger, but then, the bloke in the original narrative was a painter whereas he’s a soldier. He doesn’t run when there’s danger. He goes for it. He remembered how he wanted to fly from the bathroom earlier but came a step further instead, transporting him to one of the most memorable nights of his life. He thought of Sherlock panting, of his moans, of that
“Calm down, Watson!” That was Sherlock’s voice again. A pause and then, calmer, “He’s going to come up, let’s…” The rest of the sentence was lost again, and then, “Smell this, what do you think?”
"John. Yes."
"He disappeared in thin air last night. We are aware your brother paid him a visit."
"God... Sherlock, is Mrs. Hudson aware about Christine's daughter?"
Dinner was usually about Rosie, there were very few times when John and Sherlock had dinner without fussing over her. Sherlock was talking about the products and the findings of the thermal cameras by Craig. A small shadow had passed across Sherlock’s face when he remembered how sick the old Toby was. After that, he was all about the big mafia that this could lead to, and how NSY didn’t want anything leaked to the press for it could jeopardise the whole operation.
"The one you made me drink. Of course I do." John said lifting an eyebrow and moving a little under Sherlock, his leg about to cramp. The detective lifted himself reluctantly from the couch as he felt John moving.
John had no idea what they were doing or what kind of picture they were making. He only knew of friction and shushed moans, of Sherlock’s open mouth against his neck and nose pressing somewhere against his jaw. He also knew that all of their weight was against the door as they moved together once more. The crude thought of his penis hitting someplace close to Sherlock’s balls and the implication of the movements made him want to moan aloud. Sherlock must have thought something along those lines if the sound coming from his throat was any indication.
“Sherlock?” John had stopped massaging. Sherlock was still moving his hips, in a semi-circular motion now.
"I am stupid, remember." Sherlock opened his eyes and sighed, never looking at him.
If Sherlock’s sigh was a bit shaky nobody acknowledged it. “Aloe speeds up cellular regeneration and my scars have been there for years, so... you’ll probably need a lot more than just aloe to get rid of them.”
"What about Armand?"
“Massage?” John sounded angry. He sounded so angry that Sherlock thought to abort the whole operation, but then he felt John’s hands moving to the side of his buttocks and Sherlock’s penis gave a really interested jump. “I said that. You still haven’t given me a reason to touch your arse.”
"Thank you, John." Sherlock said throatily.
3 am, 221B, Baker Street.
Remembering a couple of Mycroft's words, he walked away from Louis and his gang, but Louis followed him just when he turned around a corner.
"Knew about what?" Sherlock asked, confused, turning his torso to face John and stopping his pace.
"John?" Sherlock had been following his stare all the time and couldn't really figure out if John was trying to emerge from the dreamy state he was or if he suddenly had a fixation on his mouth.
“No, no!” Rosie’s high-pitched voice and laughter filled John’s ears as soon as he closed the main door to 221.
, can you describe him for me?"
"Everything."
“Yes. Hold this for a moment,” he said as he took John’s hand and placed Martin’s wrist into it like you would do with an object before disappearing into the kitchen. There was some noise of cutlery and then Sherlock came back with three clear slides and purple nitrile gloves.
"Oh that." Sherlock tried to smile and look elsewhere. "I was trying to get a new bloke to join the net, but the other gang nearly killed his daughter who was with him, I saved her so he would join." He eyed the injury and John nodded. After all, it was almost unheard of for Sherlock to get hurt in a fight.
observe!
"Well, you saved the other ones."
As he sat on the sofa, he saw John coming out of his room with a yawn and going into the bathroom as well. He heard the shower turn on and a little curse. He had also noticed the water being hotter than usual. After a while, he didn't have to look up to notice John had seen him on the sofa.
**..**
"John is a very tolerant man. You're right about the straight part, though."
They spoke at the same time and, as they often did, which made them stare and then snort with amusement. Sherlock waved his hand at John as if to say, ‘
Safe territory, Rosie. And a warning as something light and good humoured. Because what else could he text, right now?
"What! Why?"
"...Great."
"You were crying." Sherlock stated suddenly.
"What?" Sherlock asked.
"What was your nightmare about?"
"That's my line... shit. I can hardly move." John rolled over on his back falling on the bed with a thud. Sherlock moved to his side to give him more space, they both lay on their backs looking at the ceiling. Sherlock had his arms resting on his sides and John crossed his own fingers on his stomach. "You okay there, Sherlock?"
The answer took its time to arrive and in the meanwhile, Sherlock took his little rubber ball from his pocket and started to silently play with it again.
"Sir, your bags this way, please." John got a bit startled when he heard the voice of a young girl taking his bag; he put the phone aside and passed through a metal detector. His gun didn't sound. 'Mycroft' he thought immediately. He checked the phone as he slowly walked to the stairs.
Before taking the paper off the ground, Sherlock looked at her with his eyes piercing and she gulped, her chin raised in defiance.
Sherlock couldn't help a snicker. John opened wide eyes at his own words and smiled. Soon they were giggling uncontrollably.
There was a long pause before John could talk again. “Who else?” He cleared his throat, “Who else knew from the beginning.”
"I can take care of myself…" Sherlock said frowning.
Sherlock was eager to go back to the flat and check the data they had collected. Fifteen minutes had already passed and Craig was all but ready to close the deal; Abby was slowly getting captivated of the idea of a new, completely controlled software. Craig clearly knew what he was doing and the service he was offering. He was also talking about asking a few things off the staff for improvement in the software model.
Sherlock gradually lifted his face, his eyes big as dinner plates and his pupils so small he looked a bit alien. He swallowed and exhaled slowly. “What are you waiting for, John?”
Perhaps that has been the last opportunity they had, John thought as he sat at the lab, Sherlock had been playing with a little ball all the time, the bouncing had him a bit exasperated, his mind was spinning around the facts, the scream of the girl as soon as she saw Sherlock didn't leave him alone. He was haunted by it, he'd had a nightmare about it and Sherlock was so frigging impassive about the whole matter that John started to build rage and resentment towards Sherlock. It was inevitable and Sherlock knew it too. John seemed a bomb about to explode and that also had Sherlock a bit infuriated because, aside that time in the pool, this time Sherlock knew that John doubting him was a real possibility.
Moving forward, he couldn't maintain his weight and his back bent at such angle, so he lowered himself as he placed soft kisses from John's buttock to his navel. John moaned in his sleep when Sherlock swirled his tongue and licked all the way down to his cock.
"You okay? Sherlock? Sherlock, look at me, focus your eyes on me."
“Don’t start...” John warned, placing the paper back to eye-level.
“Unless you need another reason for the leaf to be on your bed.” Sherlock tried for light teasing but it came out as thick flirting instead. “Which is, you know… fine.”
do hope nobody saw that... you know, you and me, getting off in a dark room... people might really talk now."
Martin held both hands in the air as though in surrender. “I made my own conclusion and I apologise. I just thought that maybe, you two also being publicly friends, it could be a bit…” He lifted his right brow and looked right into Sherlock’s eyes. “What I mean is… I worked with my companion, we became friends. In a big operation, we were given something that I never knew what was. We had sex in the end, the violent kind. We couldn’t continue being friends afterwards, and I regret it immensely. Don’t get me wrong.” Martin smirked. “I do think you’re insanely attractive, but that’s not why I’m offering. I just wanted to leave the option open, in case you needed…”
Sherlock gave a full-body shiver. His back bent as he leant his forehead against the mirror. John moved a bit to Sherlock’s right side and dared to look up but could only see Sherlock’s hair. He stopped reading but gave the moving arm a firm squeeze. Sherlock moaned and looked up at John’s reflection, panting hard and expression pained but clearly trying to restrain any more noises he could make.
“Sherlock.”
“You do have serious knots here,” John said after a while, he seemed concentrated, professional.
"When I came in, you were definitely displaying some sort of frustration."
"Go to sleep." John said walking away to his room.
"Simple. Because I am you. I want to shake hands with you in hell... because you, Sherlock are the fallen angel, aren't you? You always thought of yourself like that, since you were rejected as a kid, remember? And I? I am your counterpart. You're the human part who wanted to remain human, who wanted to stay here whilst I am the part that went deeper. The part you don't dare to surface. Your darkest half. Everything in the world is all about light and darkness, Sherlock... and we're that together: the perfect combination."
"I'm not sure I want to ask... but when you say date..." Sherlock was walking fast, his eyes searching for something anxiously. He seemed in a constant rush, John had to jog a little to catch up. "Sherlock... Sherlock!"
Mycroft pulled all of his self-control together not to roll his eyes at his friend. "You should've never ordered to release that man."
"Hello." He started, Sherlock heard the hushed greeting over Lestrade's muttering and smiled to John, knowingly. "I don't think we've met."
"The... daughter?"
His eyes now scanned the big sofa next to Miss Eldridge, the little coffee table on the front, three candles on top. More candles and round stones at the reception, a big red stick man next to the door with a flag with
John couldn't help it. He was giggling like a kid in his bed, his tiredness was long gone and you can blame Sherlock for that. He didn't turn off his phone, but he decided for silent mode again. He remained several minutes staring at the ceiling. He'd used the same word,
After a very useful video tutorial about database hacking, he checked the time and noticed with horror that only five minutes had passed. The video had been only four minutes long.
"I see..." said Sherlock, he wore now a very serious expression, but he still entwined his fingers with John's, "what do we have to do to not be... you know, seen?"
There were two or three second of silence and then hysterical, much needed childish laughter filled the place.
? What do you mean?" Sherlock asked, his voice was extremely calmed and his brows were down. Lestrade walked to the laptop.
"Sherlock...?" he dared to ask again.
received at 10:45.
After a long day at the hospital, John entered the flat around eight in the evening. The place was dark, but Sherlock's silhouette was completely defined; he was curled up on the leather armchair, with the faint light coming from the window, John saw how his eyes were closed and he had a frown in his features.
"Who is this?" he called loud enough.
**..**
Telling himself that this had to stop now, he smiled gently at Sherlock and asked "Did you eat?"
"You are going out to have dinner with me. Now." Sherlock's grin became wider. "And when I say dinner, I mean you are actually going to order something for yourself and eat all of it." John lifted his eyebrows and looked firmly at Sherlock's eyes, still with pressure over his hand and added "Doctor's orders." He released Sherlock's hand and stared straight into clear, pale eyes. Sherlock sighed, resigned and removed his hand from the doctor's.
John tried to calm her down by drinking tea and answering the simple question.
"And?"
His mind supplied an image of John massaging his body, his hands sticky fingers with aloe, and there was skin, fingers pressing flesh, a wet noise, John’s breathing mingling with his own.
, he was. Then he watched some girls that, apparently, were flirting with the guys across their table. Three of the four men were married and they were flirting anyway. Two of the five girls were married as well. He observed them too. He observed the generous amount of skin they were exposing, one of the women even wore a transparent shirt, brassiere visible. That awoke
"I don't need you to protect me, Sherlock."
"What… how did you know it was from a friend?"
. Just ignore it and keep going. It's a..." Sherlock faced John, lifting a few inches his face from the pillow. There was a light sweat over his forehead and his mouth was asking for extra air "...a natural reaction."
"Uh… well, bad news. You probably won't be meeting Sherlock for now." John read the facts he had scribbled on his notepad.
"Yours are not better." John answered with a snort. "They are just notes, Sherlock... I was planning to explain them to you now anyway."
John was observing the scene and couldn’t help but notice the – according to him – very small bulge in Martin’s trousers. It was pure luck that it didn’t occur to Sherlock to lick Martin’s hand. He would have, some years ago.
"I thought you preferred to text."
Sherlock opened his eyes and lit up the screen of his phone: still 27 minutes left and Lestrade’s name tinkling. He answered.
John cleared his throat softly and Sherlock stopped moving. Slowly, he lifted his face from his shoulder and blinked a couple of times again, focusing his eyes on John's. He noted the frown of the older man looking at him with a confused expression, his lips furrowed. The brows of the detective darted up and his hand made a fist over John's chest. He froze.
"I thought you were asleep..." he took off his jacket and threw it at the back of his armchair.
The doctor startled at his own voice, his breath got trapped inside his lungs, almost with a sensation of fear. The whisper was extremely soft but it sounded incredibly loud in his ears.
The man walked hurriedly to Sherlock, who didn't move a muscle, and stopped when he was just a couple of centimetres apart.
The soft groan that escaped his mouth sounded loudly in the silent hallway as he pressed his hand to his left pectoral, his nipple there sending electric waves to his penis. Sherlock bit down on his bicep, hard enough to evoke a massage done there, testing if that part of him felt as erotic as it did yesterday. It did.
sent at 04:29.
"I think it was a nightmare, you were sweating and tossing... I tried to wake you but you didn't hear me." John's voice was calmed, as if talking about something trivial and not important. After he settled everything for breakfast, he got closer to Sherlock, who had a shocked, frozen expression.
"I know that." Mycroft tried to keep his calm; he smiled as gently as he could.
Releasing his erection, he also released a big gulp of air from his lungs in the form of a loud sigh. He blinked slowly again and turned his neck to the side of the bed in which John had slept. It was cold already and that made Sherlock feel incredibly lonely, words burned into his mind again.
"You in pain?" He startled a little at the comment. Was Sherlock always this conscientious of his actions?
"John! I think I've g-"
"Did you order?" Sherlock's eyes rapidly flicked from her eyes, changing quickly his stare to the menu in front of him, the next second to outside the window, then to her eyes again. "Well?"
"Brilliant." Both of them exclaimed at the unison, they looked at each other in shock after that. Sherlock just lifted his smiling eyes from his cup and eyed both of the men in front. A weird feeling took place in his chest, listening both voices exclaiming the same, his musical ear took a hold of what just happened; Armand's voice held a baritone undertone, it wasn't a low voice but it was lower than John's, while John's voice was a tenor's one. The chord they had created was unique, out of tune, but unique.
Sherlock smiled softly, his eyes still glued to his screen. “It’s nothing to do with the case.”
"I told you before, I am not going to leave Backer Street."
They reached the back of the five-story building and they saw the white pickup. Sherlock immediately recognised the plate number. Near the pickup was a rusty fire escape. There was no soul around them, so they walked quietly to the ladder; Lestrade was the first to go up. John placed himself near the pickup, hiding behind the vehicle and taking out his gun. He made a gesture with his head at Sherlock to follow Greg.
And now, John was gasping, alone in bed. Only with the memory of those events his body was reacting again.
John nodded, his brows high on his forehead.
After a couple of seconds, Sherlock seemed pensive and Louis tried to follow the detective's gaze; his pupils were moving frantic, taking everything, observing, collecting. To the loyal homeless, it was like looking a vampire; he associated Sherlock with those vampire stories, in which the protagonist is about to be hunted down.
They sat in the usual comfortable silence now. Sherlock still had a few papers in his hand and was eyeing at them, checking for more data. Even though he knew they already analyzed everything there and in the Internet. They had to wait until tomorrow anyways.
Sherlock read carefully the list and he recognized the plate number of the white pickup and the date they had been in the port.
"Mr. Groundsel, John, is a false name. He is an informer, works with my brother but there are times he can give me information without my brother's knowledge."
Lestrade was oblivious at the time, but now he understood what Mycroft meant.
Panting heavily still, John rose a little from his position and concentrated in regaining his breath back. Sherlock was doing the same, staring at the ceiling.
Moving his mouth to the side of John's neck, he stopped, this time supporting his forehead to John's shoulder. Sherlock whispered something that John's couldn't quite catch, but it sounded suspiciously like a
"I am not. I really wanted to..." she was mumbling, her eyes fixing at some spot on the table.
"Alright. Visualise, John, that I'm naked in front of you... so you can do whatever you want to me."
"Sherlock...!"
were sleeping.
"Like...uh... Dr. Watson?"
She handed Sherlock a glossy paper; it had the list of a dozen kind of different massages, the length in minutes of each at the side (what kind of massage lasts an hour and a half?) and the price at the end. Sherlock smiled and took it, scanning and committing it to memory.
"I'm worried, John..." She said, changing the subject. "If they think Sherlock is doing drugs, they can come here and run a drug's bust again, and if they find my prescription... they're for my hip...! Moreover the mess they always make... and Mrs. Turner next door, she complains every time the police come here..."
"You slept good, I suppose..." John smirked and Sherlock frowned confused again.
received at 19:05.
"What would you like to do to me?"
"I need to prepare a little something..." Sherlock said, he blinked slowly and fixed his stare over Louis.
"It actually bled last night." Sherlock said with an almost shrug.
Sherlock lifted his eyes from the computer and observed the man at the doorframe.
– as his brother called their minds – for good, like Mycroft.
"Sherlock... how did you know the drugs were the same, and only with a cheaper price?"
John directed an amused smile at the stairs. Sighing, he locked the door and followed his companion. "Sherlock, I am not going to resort to sex to obtain information!"
in letters that resembled blood. John pointed to a person in the group picture.
"You won't get it, inspector." She said, not paying attention to Sherlock but to Lestrade, "If you want the device you will have to pass over them."
"You trust him!" Mycroft chuckled again, "in this world there are just few people trusting him at first glance... first it was Detective Inspector Lestrade, but I know he can be easy to handle. There was John and now, of all people...
As he drifted to sleep, right at the border of slumber, Sherlock’s body came to mind, muted and trembling like the string below. He thought of Sherlock as a string about to snap, as something to make music with. And it was mute. John didn’t like mute strings. What was a muted allegro appassionato for, anyway?
John let out a little sigh. "You were making sure...!" he shook his head again. "You're unbelievable, you know that."
He had spent his day in peace. Sarah talked to him as soon as he got there; they both apologized for their behaviour yesterday. Sarah was predictable. A word he had learned to hate with Sherlock. Maybe he would have liked it before, but John Watson was a man of adventure, he loved the adrenaline that came with the unknown. He liked to be thrilled, he loved to come home and not knowing what was going to happen today... and that was Sherlock. Last night he had predicted part of his own feelings but not Sherlock's. He never imagined the man was going to act like that, he never thought Sherlock would ask to be touched –
“Now what’s my life! Now even our nanny is an MI6 trained agent? What’s next?” Sherlock was about to defend but he saw John’s humour behind his words, it wasn’t an accusation as he feared, so he just smiled.
John continued his explanation between bites, talking about
"No, not really..." Sherlock rolled his eyes, "but wasn't Mycroft who gave you the case in the first place?"
He sipped his tea and his phone emitted the message ringtone. He sighed, he knew it was Sherlock, the bloody phone sounded like Sherlock; he didn't want to read it, he was almost certain it would be something along the lines of
"Why would I?"
“I’m sorry, Mr Holmes, but…” Martin said as he sat back down.
"Why did you take the case?"
Sherlock couldn't help a little smile. It was the first time he was properly thanked after a case including John in the process as part of the team. He felt proud, a similar feeling in his chest in as he felt at Dartmoor, after the doctor had showed his real significance in the army. He found himself smiling further and it wasn't because of the money. Out of reflect he was going to ask how Armand had laid his hands on his bank account, but he knew the man in front had his own methods too.
It was too late. Sherlock quickly took a hold of his wrist and stretched John's arm enough to reach the armpit. He moved his fingers teasingly over his jumper and John burst in laughter and gasps. The doctor was trying to regain his arm back, but it was a difficult task being now restrained by the strong, controlled man next to him. That, plus his weakened state caused by the tickling.
"It was necessary, believe me." John said lifting one eyebrow and shaking his head with a smile, Armand snorted at that, "they confused us once already... now, why do you think it's a
“Ah.”
Martin should be a professional about it; he did say he was used to be undercover and this must be quite common if he worked in the opiates department.
There was beep after beep coming from the auricular. Soon, the device admitted the call was over, it hung up automatically. John and Sherlock turned their heads slowly towards each other.
"Of both of you it seems." Lestrade got closer to them and looked at Sherlock intensely. "It's the first time I see you so shocked! Do you need a blanket?" he added turning off his phone and putting it inside his jean's pocket.
“Duly noted,” it was still a weird sight Mycroft opening his palm to grab a much smaller one. Rosie walked from Sherlock to take Mycroft’s hand as John took Rosie’s nappy bag and the three of them walked downstairs, making one of the uncanniest pictures Sherlock had ever seen in his life.
"So that actually proves that you're not into women, then?" John was genuinely curious now.
"Come on! Again?" John threw his arms in the air.
“It’s not that I don’t want to.” John’s voice was soft but there was steadiness in his tone, he looked up and saw green and black and grey. He swallowed when his eyes darted to Sherlock’s mouth.
“He has a photo of her on his phone.”
"Oh, the small one..." Sherlock's mind started to throw picture after picture of what happened last night. Mentally, he saw a door opening and he walked inside, hallways with different scenes, voices overlapping voices, Mycroft's voice sounded in his head
He was securing the towel around his hips – no pants, he was too decided by now – when he heard the first click. The place it was coming from was different from last time, it was on the ceiling, above the head of the stretcher, pointing down. Odd. It wasn’t there before.
"I never meant to offend you, Mr. Holmes," said the man regretfully, "it's just... this is the most risky thing I've ever gotten myself into, so I'm sure you understand me, I'm a little anxious."
“It will be slippery,” he said, the air now charged with another thing.
The side smile on Sherlock's face was smug, his lips curling to a side as he said what John was almost fearing... or not. "No, I wasn't."
They were on a case, and Sherlock didn't do experiments during a case, unless they were case related... what could he be up to? Was he burning the card? Unlikely. Was he... making breakfast? Even more unlikely.
He hissed through his teeth when John’s fingertips casually grazed the underside of his buttocks under the towel.
Mrs Hudson sighed through her grin.
“Chloe started an arrhythmia as soon as the ambulance arrived…”
"Does this have to do with Moriarty?" John asked the question. He had done it and he could hardly believe he had the nerves for it.
"Hang on... if Molly burned the drug... how did you..."
"Well?" The handsome young man inquired expectantly, big eyes staring at John.
“Afistinting, then,” Rosie answered, her little hand making a Sherlock-like flourish, her voice firm, her eyes on the phone with a deep frown and her little feet barely reaching the end of the chair so they dangled just a little bit.
“Oregano?” John asked and laughed.
Breaking the eye contact, Sherlock released John's hand reluctantly. He took his glass and drank the remaining beer in one go. John frowned at him, surprised at the action. He had never seen Sherlock so desperate for beer. But soon he found he needed it badly too, his lips were too dry, so he did the same.
“Why not?” The question was out before John could stop it. Sherlock frowned a bit.
"I'm going now." Mycroft announced, walking to the door, "tell my brot-"
“Your goddaughter has just been released.” Martin handled his phone as if making a toast.
"Don't you think you've gone too far having as your sole purpose to bring disgrace over your family?"
The last thing he felt were John's legs moving over the couch next to his, and the already familiar soft murmur "It's okay... Sherlock..." After a couple of seconds, the cold hand on his scalp caressed him softly, soothing the intense pain away.
"What is?" Sherlock's frown got deeper if possible.
At John’s confused look he just shrugged.
sent at 13:18.
Armand was an expert dealing with feelings. He had studied them over the years in the voice of the many people who talked with him. "I've been dreaming about you, Sherlock. I see your face in my dreams, you know... I hear your voice in my fantasies..."
But John had touched Sherlock, before the wedding, dancing, and it surprised Sherlock how natural it was to be touched by John. He had - certainly - dreamed actively about it, when he was away, but it was one thing to imagine and a completely different one to be touched in reality. He had dreamed about returning to John and had imagined several scenarios about John’s reaction; he'd had the time for it sometimes. Other times, that was the only thing keeping him alive, breathing and awake. He'd imagined being punched, kissed, hugged or yelled at. He'd imagined weeks of indifference. He'd imagined John living in 221B, waiting for him with Mrs Hudson. He'd imagined John living in another flat, meeting Mrs Hudson a couple of times a week for a cuppa. He'd also imagined Mycroft keeping in touch with John a couple of times a month, having grown closer by the
Phillip laughed shortly. "Leaking away information is not a way to deal with an enemy, Mycroft... you have to admit that even a great mind like yours can be defeated if used the right tool..." Mycroft's confident smile faded slowly, being replaced by a disgusted expression.
soothing. Soon, he found his hand absently caressing the other's curls again, and the other hand over the detective's chest tapping over a button. He never knew if the feeling was real or a dream, but there were fingers brushing the back of his hand and this time, the fingers were warm against his skin.
His mind replayed John walking downstairs with Mycroft and Rosie to the car last night and how John had the time to go to Mrs Hudson’s to ask for the sandwiches tray and the aloe. After all what had happened between then and now, was there the possibility that John had changed his mind? Would he feel uncomfortable to give him a massage?
“It’s in pepper spray,” John answered absentmindedly, still looking at the photographs. “Hang on,” he said as he lifted his head from the shot of Lestrade’s pink-red face (it wasn’t as red as Sherlock’s, but there was clearly heat in it, too), and his eyes immediately locked on Sherlock’s, who was looking at him with that look that told him he had been correct with something. It was normal by now, to be at the receiving end of that proud expression. “Is that the reason for that nasty-scented soap?”
"I'm n-"
"Armand! Armand Smith!"
"How strange?"
There was something in both of their eyes as they said their goodbyes. The firm handshake and the couple of seconds their eyes meet was enough for Mycroft. He recognized an enemy when he saw one.
“Fuck. Nothing. Nothing! You’re perfect. I just…”
..." Mycroft smirked, "What might we deduce about his heart?" John's eyes were on Mycroft's still. At the question, John thought thoroughly the answer. He furrowed his lips in a nervous gesture.
“Okay.” John cleared his throat again. “Good.” He started to serve the food and Sherlock put the kettle on.
"What took you so long?" Mycroft asked from his desk, there was a faint light over it, a few papers and folders. Sherlock scanned the room in less than a second; a few security cameras, a coffee machine, a drinkable water tank next to it and also a clean ashtray over the desk, a cigarette holder and a lightener.
"You knew I was coming." The younger man felt a weight next to him on the sofa but he didn't move, still with his hair between his fingers, elbows on his knees. "And I knew you would solve the case I had for you."
“Ye – No, not really. I can see some of them were infected for a while but most of them healed nicely.” John smeared more gel and traced one in the middle of Sherlock’s back with his thumbs, applying pressure to the tissue. “This one was healed badly, though. It had a serious internal infection then was re-opened, cleaned and stitched.” Sherlock was facing John, his smile wide as he listened, John looked straight into his eyes, frowned and added, “It wasn’t here in London, for the stitching pattern is slightly different than the UK standard.”
Sherlock's lips curved into a proud smirk again. "Excellent. Case is solved then." He turned to John, "coffee now?"
crime?"
"That's it. That's all you have to say." John cleared his throat now, going back to sit in his armchair. Sherlock couldn't help but smile as he watched John; he placed his laptop back over his knees and pressed the delete key for a while.
**..**
They talked about Rosie for a while. Then Sherlock told him about the idea of including aloe in their food sometimes. John nodded as he chewed, but then fell silent when the topic came up.
"Well, there is this blog, written by an army doctor, John... Watson I believe. I love detective stories, so I got hooked into that. He writes about a super cool detective, Sherlock Holmes. He lives right here in London."
- and took one cookie with two fingers. He lifted it to eat it but stopped halfway, realising he wasn't really hungry. Placing the cookie back to the plate, he supported his lower back on the counter behind him, pressed his palms over the cold surface at both sides of his hips and tapped at it with his fingers.
. You miss the old me. You
"What!"
John's hands stopped mid way and before Sherlock could turn around to see what made John stop, he heard a snort and a little laugh. Sherlock could have sworn he heard John's eyes rolling.
It took them a lot of effort to take Sherlock out of the pickup and get him into the car. John sat at the backseat with Sherlock, trying to figure out what was wrong with him.
“I have six theories, the fifth one is cheating.”
? It’s a Spanish word, I think…” John asked.
**..**
Again, a loud click. He saw, without lifting his eyes, how Sherlock pressed F5, rolled his eyes in a humorous way and typed again.
He stood up and turned to look at Sherlock; the blanket covered all the way to the middle of his chest and he found himself looking at a little mark he had on his neck, near to his collarbone. He smiled wide and blinked a couple of times. Why was that little fact so incredibly sexy and arousing? He thought about the nail marks he was sure he left on Sherlock's back and buttocks and his grin widened even more. '
"You've changed."
John sighed and he planted his fist on Sherlock's stomach. The blow wasn't harsh, but since they needed attention, Sherlock made a whole show and fell to his knees, dramatically. John placed himself behind him and put his arm around his neck and asked near his ear. "The
"John. Right now, your posture suggest acceptance for those who are gone, you know that very well, you're a military man." Sherlock switched the book he was reading for another book nearby and proceeded, "Your sigh, and the way you threw your much appreciated books over the shelf implies you are... I could say angry, but giving the circumstances; you're coming home two a.m., it can only be translated to frustration. Something you think of as an injustice. So, the driver that caused the accident." The last sentence was said very slowly and carefully. Sherlock knew he was right. John turned to his friend.
"Hm?"
“I see,” John said, “Is there a time of the day when it’s more noticeable to both of you?” Sherlock’s spine went visibly rigid, but John’s voice was gentle, completely in doctor’s mode.
As soon as the sentence left her mouth, there was a deafening noise of cutlery falling on the table and Sherlock’s barely audible intake of air. When John lifted his head, he noticed that Rosie had spoken while looking at Sherlock. Sherlock’s wide eyes were directed at Rosie.
"Yes, I know. No control over them, there is no way to know when they're going to happen and even if you did know, there is nothing you can do about it." John sighed and took a sip of his tea, settling into the cushions, next to Sherlock.
"The smaller one..." John frowned and got closer. "Sherlock...?"
“If you knew the Patricks in the States you wouldn’t be asking such a stupid question.” Abby put her hand in her pocket and John took the security off his gun. She lifted her hand and threw a paper at Sherlock’s feet. “I just want justice.” At John’s fierce look, she lifted both of her hands in surrender.
! But now we have a fourth, a fifth and a sixth!"
John was listening to Sherlock's conversation at the phone with Lestrade, but he wasn't paying attention to it. Sherlock's words were tattooed in his brain now. At the same time he was thinking about the people's market. He had seen it in Afghanistan; women obligated to leave their families behind, after the promise of a better life quality for them and their families. John had memories for a life time with the war and all he had to witness.
Doctor Watson chuckled quietly and gave another step to the leather chair, his hand was still on Sherlock's jaw and his fingertips were ghosting lightly below his left ear. The detective's face remained expressionless looking at the man in front. He inhaled deeply and lowered his gaze to the book.
"… and you think you can't feel anything." John was talking fast, just as Sherlock did when he was making a deduction. "Yet, you got upset when Mycroft said you could be alarmed by sex. Oh, how do you know that, John?" he added mockingly, "just because you answered too fast, Sherlock, as if to defend yourself. He said you wouldn't know about it. That leads us to the woman. Oh! The woman, Sherlock. You knew from the beginning Irene and Mycroft had a previous relationship; she knew so much about you, and she teased you just like Mycroft did; as if they'd talked about it before. It was so...
was new. She looked at him from head to toe and a teasing smile started to appear but then she saw his face.
"Oh for God's sake, Sherlock... you're being childish now, and it doesn't suit you, you know... Open up a little, would you? I'm your friend. I think I've
"John...
"I'm fine." Mycroft smiled, even though he felt the betrayer's touch, "just a little headache, that's all."
There was a small pause until the baritone tone resonated again. "Yes."
Sherlock glared and John smiled at the gesture. John supported his back on the couch again and took the book they managed to find. It had a lot of legally approved plants based chemicals. Sherlock shifted his position, supporting his back on the armrest, still with the papers in his hands. Then he threw his legs over John's lap. It wasn't the first time he did that, he liked it, in fact. He liked the way John supported his wrist under or above his knee, and then, with an unconscious gesture, he would rub his thumb there, or tap lightly with his fingers, or nail a bit.
Right. It really was time for bed.
"And do you have any suspicion?"
There was another silence in which John talked with his hands, Sherlock noticed; his finger trailed one of his scars and then it was followed by both of his palms rubbing firmly over shoulder blades with a circular motion. Then there were thumbs; they moved from the back of his neck down to the upper part of his hips. John circled the small of Sherlock’s back with his thumbs and then moved them up again, the rest of his fingers circling Sherlock’s sides; they passed by his hips and waist, all the way up to his armpits.
"But?"
"I don't know... I would like to have some peace finally and let him sleep... but he needs to eat as well so... hard decision uh."
"Hi!" he started, friendlier this time, "you can call me... John." Sherlock was about to say his real name but he stopped. Maybe his name wouldn't be good for the experiment. He had to include
“The chemicals in the slides could have been dangerous, you realise,” John said between gritted teeth as he poured the water in both cups.
"Oh... Of course." Sherlock closed his eyes slowly, he wanted to shout, he wanted to drop something, break something at the realisation. His distressed face was something Molly had seen before. Sherlock had a firm grip on his own scarf, Molly even noticed how the back of his neck, now covered in fake blood, was red from the friction. "I need to see the body."
, Rosie hitting his eyes with her little fist. This was almost two years ago. He smiled as he bizarrely remembered Sherlock’s contemplative face when Sir Elton started to talk about his adopted kid.
"How is your son, Phillip?" Mycroft asked, changing the subject completely, he had his own interrogation techniques.
Not for the first time he wanted to put a hole through the wall with his skull.
He lowered himself next to the bed and took the hand that was holding the duvet near to the doctor's face, moving it softly to his own face. He observed it, he smelled it, he rubbed his thumbs lovingly at the back of the palm, he brought it up to his lips and brushed the tip of his nose at the inner wrist, his lips followed, brushing lightly that spot all the way until he reached the middle part of his arm, rolling up the top of the pyjamas. He flattened his tongue there and then he tasted, he gulped and analysed the salty flavour, moving his tongue against his palate. Oddly enough, he liked the taste, in fact he loved it, he wondered if all of John’s skin tasted like that. His gaze moved around the complete figure of the doctor and remembered all the flavours he already knew; John's jaw tasted bitter, aftershave, but there was a bit salty flavour there, earthy flavour. John's lips were bitter sweet. His chest had a sour flavour from soap and perspiration. He wondered if John had always the same taste at those places as well.
He found one that was cheap enough and made a call. He left his laptop over the coffee table and sipped on his coffee as he waited. After a couple of seconds, a recorded woman's voice greeted him:
"Haven't you noticed she's wearing perfume early in the morning? Who else finishes a job that early and gets here with warm bread, smelling like a bakery in the morning? He is planning to take her on a cruise, but he probably hasn’t said a word about it yet. Cruise season starts in a couple of months; maybe… maybe he's waiting for his wife's answer before hers. That way if his wife doesn't go, he’ll take Mrs. Hudson instead…" Sherlock moved his eyes to John, who was staring at him with wide eyes.
The detective positioned himself like the previous night, only this time, he was neatly dressed.
He grabbed the edge of the towel and covered what he could, but he was completely sure that his erection was in full-view for a couple of seconds. He could not see John’s face at the moment, instead, he focused on turning around with as much dignity as possible for an almost-mortified man.
Just when he had pressed enter, the door opened and Mrs. Hudson entered the flat with a couple of trays in her hands. John quickly reached out to help her. He turned on the kettle in the kitchen, arranging the mess on the table and muttering something like
The feeling of throwing up turned into a cough; a single, violent cough that almost made him lose his balance on his knees, his stomach contorting violently.
"Don't try to remember, Sherlock" he said shaking his head, "I'm gonna tell you everything, but now you
"Dear! I thought you were coming home later!" She smiled tenderly and helped him out of his jacket. John smiled back and gave her a brief hug as a greeting.
Sherlock’s eyebrows went up. “So there
Armand walked to the door intending to leave, but Sherlock stopped him. "I still need to know the codes." He said, a frown still fixated on the screen in front. "I can't find anything on the internet; I think you might be of help. I suppose you weren't followed."
"Why were you following us?"
' And he would stop.
"Yes." Sherlock seemed relaxed. His mind was absorbed thinking about how he found himself enjoying this. Doing little nothings with John, chatting with him, through the computer or in real life really distracted him. He wasn't
, also, oddly, ‘
When the guy reached his climax, Sherlock waited patiently there, he heard him cry out his name in a very sexy manner. He then waited for him to recover his breath. Sherlock's face was expressionless.
"You never imagined
Sherlock squeezed John's hand lightly over his chest. He felt how his own heartbeat started to rise at the contact. He liked that contact. He liked the feeling on his own body at the closeness. The sole idea of losing that burned his soul; the conversation this afternoon with Mycroft had enlightened the big poster at the entry of his mind palace. Even though, it wasn't an awful conversation either. They even had coffee together, talked about government matters, Sherlock suspicions just proved to be correct about the drugs; it was a chess match where he and his brother played in the same side... different methods, but same side.
"Mm?"
He had to do something.
"Louis is waiting outside."
“Horse to A4,” Sherlock said, deadpan. At the same time Abby was appearing behind them, her face was distrustful for a moment until she saw the screen.
"What is in the canal?" Sherlock asked, widening his eyes, faking interest.
Sherlock took his phone back from John’s hand and they saw in silence another camera showing Elsie Patrick walking to the kitchen and to the backdoor, every light still off. They heard her yell a greeting to Hilton to the second floor and the cameras turned on; a small red light on Sherlock’s app warning the cameras had been triggered and soon they were off again. They could see her standing in front of the camera at the back door and applying another stop motion to it.
No response. What else could he write?
“Well, kissing is intimate,” Sherlock moved an inch closer to John’s face. John congratulated himself when he - even if he didn’t want it like this - didn’t move. “Involves too much sentiment.” Sherlock moved forward until the tip of his nose touched John’s and he moved his face away without hurry. “If you ever want to, John, rest assured I am going to let you, no matter how, why or when. Even if you want to do it when we’re sixty and you’re divorcing your second wife. Or third.” He smiled. John frowned. “Or in another life when I’m the right gender for you. Or if I ever become the right person. I don’t mind. I’ll let you. And I’ll welcome it. And if you… if you never want to... that’s fine, too.” He paused and his lip moved up a little looking at John’s intense stare. “In the meantime, I’ll be here for you and Rosie as I promised. Nothing has to change.”
He woke with an armful of Rosie and the same scornful expression he had seen in the dream.
"Greg! I just got to Bart’s, traffic is awful. How is Sherlock doing?"
"Mrs. Hudson came back, she brought this tray for us."
"I fell asleep on the sofa, don't get the wrong idea." Was Doctor Watson's firm answer. He threw his jacket at the back of his armchair.
"Right."
"I didn't..." John grabbed the phone from his pocket and checked the screen, "...I turned it off inside the plane, forgot to turn it on again." As soon as he turned it on, four beeps announced the incoming of four texts. John read them out loud, lowering his voice, trying to impersonate Sherlock.
Sherlock had to admit; even he was surprised by his actions and some of his words.
"Really, Sherlock. Are you still in pain? It could be something serious, you know... you should go to see a doctor."
He eyed the clock on his bedside table and sighed. There were still 30 minutes left to take Rosie to the nursery and then back to the spa. He closed his eyes and went to his mind palace, looking for an alternative to what was about to happen this afternoon.
"Sherlock? What are you doing?" John asked trying to keep his calm, standing up from the chair and walking to the other man.
Away from Sherlock.
"I'm fine."
to know the truth. He had opted to lie, just to protect him, to protect his feelings. John knew Irene wasn't Sherlock's love interest, but he could still know he felt something strong for the woman, even if it wasn't love. But it was a sentiment he still had to protect. Mycroft had allowed him to choose. That time, John had the unpleasant feeling Mycroft didn't profess any kind of love for his little brother... but that wasn't quite true, was it?
"I know. Normally when I have this kind of nightmare, I usually hear you snoring upstairs, it eases my mind a bit." John heard a deep small laugh and he couldn't help but smile.
"Are you okay?" the doctor asked, frowning.
“I’m afraid not, but John is here with me.”
"Armand, I have to check if Sherlock wants to take your case first..."
- and Sherlock shook his head as if reading his mind.
"Oh... but you like my voice, John." Sherlock closed his opened eye again and moved his arms a little, sprawling them over the back of the sofa.
Sherlock sighed and put the note aside on the table. When he lifted the cup, a big spider was there, inside the inverted cup... and it was staring straight at him with big, red...
After a couple of seconds, the computer emitted a sound and there was a big blinking red point over the screen. The woman and the man looked at each other and checked their phones. Without a word, the man got up from his sitting position, took his gun and started to walk at the door, slowly. She just stayed there, both hands over the headphones, listening, not even turning at the door. Sherlock turned off his phone inside his pocket.
“In three.”
"Yes." John put his jacket on.
, two;" Sherlock proceeded pointing at the digits on the card, "means the first option, which was 'woman press one, man press two'. So
"Are you all right?"
He went to the bathroom and washed his face, hands and stomach (and chest, that had been definitely intense) and walked around the pile of clothes in his room to grab his phone. He was consciously avoiding to think about the night before.
…’ He shook his head. The sink! Focus! Two products for hand washing. One of them was an antibacterial gel from a known brand. They had the same brand in the bathroom. Check later. The second was a parsley-scented soap. Why parsley?
When Sherlock was about to leave the car, Martin’s voice stopped him. “Is it okay if I consult you whenever you’re free?”
**..**
“I don’t know. She
John eyed the couple and this time observed: in the guy's carry on there was a flag and some local goodies.
"Wrong!" Mycroft chuckled "out of all the words you know, you choose
“Or testing the products,” Sherlock said with a smile. John smiled at this, too.
“If Elsie poisoned someone in 2008 and 2010, do you think she’s trying to poison Hilton?”
"Of course!" was the throaty answer, a bit high pitched. John had a comical look.
"About you. You can't sympathise with normal human emotions. There are only a couple of moments on the blog when he actually writes about them. And he always seems surprised by those."
"What happened last night uh..." Sherlock began, his eyes fixed at some point behind John's head, "...the drug, John. The effect..." John’s frown deepened, Sherlock was at loss of words and that only happened before when the detective was scared with
He knew exactly what he had to do. His eyes were fixed on the mirror.
"John..."
Mycroft gave another exasperated sigh, clenching his jaw quickly.
Something in John’s face changed, his lips curling into a grin, “When are we leaving?”
But now, after the shift at the hospital, he had the flat to himself. Mrs. Hudson had informed him she would be out for a few days and Sherlock… who knows what he was up to. John rose from his armchair and walked to Sherlock's bedroom. He had been there lots of times before but he still knocked. There was no answer. He opened the door and saw his coat and his usual clothes on the bed. The wardrobe was open and he saw lots of clothes scattered around the floor. He sighed. He wanted to put some order to this mess but he was way too worn out for that.
He also thought about adding some aloe in their diet, too.
Then, John leaned a bit to his right ear and paused. He opened his mouth to talk but couldn't. He sighed and lifted his head a bit.
Not two seconds later, a feminine voice sounded in the speaker.
Sherlock sighed, stood up and walked to the door surprisingly calm. Once there he dipped part of his scarf inside a glass with water and put the wet cloth around his neck, John started to follow right away.
Armand thought.
"I am going to call a cab, then..." Armand put his palms on both sides of the armrests in the chair, intending to stand and leave, "thank you very much for-"
It felt as if everything that had happened last night was part of a dream, only now John knew something new about Sherlock, maybe it was time to keep unravelling him.
John startled a little, he sat straight and his eyed widened up. He wasn't sure how to interpret that sudden declaration. His cardiac rhythm increased considerably. Slowly, he turned his head to face Sherlock, who tilted his to John's side. Sherlock got a little suspicious of Jack, who might be playing the music louder, so they wouldn't be able to listen to each other.
“Well, you see, Ha- Dr Watson, sorry, got a bit used to it…” Martin said with a little grimace, “I am working undercover in the Spa, only Mr Holmes and DI Lestrade know about this. We were asked by the Health Department to go investigate since they found irregularities in the water supply and water wastes. I asked Mr Holmes for help…” He gave a little laugh as he looked over at Sherlock. It looked more like a once-over. “People in the Yard are always going about how fast Mr Holmes is, better and faster than any lab, so I thought about to give it a go. Thank heavens, he agreed, nobody wants to alert the press about water testing by going to a lab full of nosy idiots.” Sherlock snorted at that. “He has been checking if the components of the products are any match to those of the water.”
John stopped what he was doing in the kitchen and turned slowly to face his companion.
“A curious instinct of terror came over me,” John said slowly approaching again. “I knew that…” He paused. His dominant hand was busy with his phone so he placed his right hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, applying pressure as if supporting himself. He felt Sherlock shudder beneath his hand. “I knew that I had come face to face with someone...”
Once they were outside 221B at last, Sherlock eyed around their surroundings one more time. He had been constantly looking back or checking on the showcases, using their reflection, for anything indicating that they were being followed.
“Not a word, no matter what you’ve deduced.” Sherlock washed his hands in the sink and sat in front of his warm tea. He drank it all with a few gulps and grabbed a sandwich from the tray, waving the empty mug at Mrs Hudson in a silent plea - order, actually - for more.
Sherlock chewed slowly and carefully. He swallowed, needing time to answer. Thousands of replies passed through his mind, each with a different outcome. But there was nothing to hide anymore, was there? He couldn’t remember a time in which he didn’t have to hide anything from John. He was always careful with his words; one or the other flirting was allowed, but now? What could he possibly say?
’. He sipped on his cold tea.
John looked into the photographs and what he saw made him frown: the photographs taken by the cameras had different colours than a normal camera. He had seen images like this.
"I don't know." Sherlock answered sincerely, his eyes scanning the perimeter around them.
you did know I wasn't coming upstairs alone."
"Thank you, John."
There was a pause. Sherlock held his breath when John came closer and put his hand over his on the table.
Lestrade stood there for several seconds, obviously thinking about something else as his eyes darted between Sherlock and John; they remained silent, their expressions unchangeable.
"I know."
Sherlock hung up, he looked at John and a grin appeared slowly in his features.
"Armand-"
“I had my doubts. And... Elsie…? I thought she was testing products on Chloe but...”
Sherlock sighed, stopped moving but didn’t lift his gaze. “You see, I know when I’m right. Is that what you needed to come clean with me?”
“Clever,” Sherlock muttered.
Ella had said that it was normal, but she also said that he still had to work on that.
“And what did you do to stop that?”
It surprised him most though, that now John knew something about his private life and he wasn't upset, quite the contrary. John was the first person to ever pay him that much attention; enough to know how to read his subtlest reactions. John was aware of everything, even in the slightest flinches of his brows. John knew how to recognise all of his moods. And, most importantly, John knew he could
Sherlock was on his feet and making water run down the flannel by the tap, then he was on his knees positively wetting the chair again. And the floor. And his trousers.
"Yes, Mr. Fishguard is going to tell me if he killed himself."
There was a pause in which he saw everything that had happened, a movie playing in front of his -now closed- eyes. There he saw John, saw that time when he was willing to give his life for Sherlock's.
A while later, John checked the injury; it was made with a sharp blade but thankfully it wasn't deep.
“That thing with your…” John took a deep breath and hid his face behind the paper again, clearing his throat, “…voice.”
. James waved back comically, even if he knew nobody could see him. "Well hello there, Ludmila!"
“Are you alright?” Sherlock didn’t lift his head from the microscope. Lately, John had assumed Sherlock did that so there was no room for self-consciousness if John had to say something he was not comfortable with.
Sherlock returned to Angelo's home on his last day in London. He had been following John for the lasts days, looking for something, anything, that proved John believing in him even after all of the press' articles. He needed anything. Anything would do.
"He didn't do it, it was his brother." Sherlock walked out of the interrogation room rubbing his hands absently; London was chillier than usual these days, and the police station had no heater or at least if they did, it was off.
"I'm not going to ask... because I know you remembered everything already."
“I’ve been missing you, though,” John was talking differently, a bit high-pitched and a bit slurred. Sherlock had to control a giggle when John made if awfully obvious.
The feeling he was having with the man in front was similar to the one he felt with The Woman naked in front. He wasn't used to be faced like this. To be trapped. He tried to scan him. There was nothing in the man that wasn't screaming to be known.
She checked her shirt once again. She was happy she had chosen this attire today; a white shirt exposing a generous amount of skin below her neck and shoulders, her hair was down and she knew, if the looks from the few people outside and the men inside the cafeteria were anything to go on, she must look pretty good.
"To have you pressed like that against me... I'm sure you noticed how bad you had me there..." there was another sound in the phone sounding pretty much like a muffled moan.
“Splendid.” John turned as he stirred the broth again. He noticed that Sherlock had cut enough croutons for them as well. They smelled like butter and garlic. Heavenly.
He also understood that time when Mycroft "advised" him to leave Baker Street, to stay away from Sherlock.
“And so you did.” John smiled a little. Sherlock’s gaze was so intense he had to look somewhere else for his own sanity. He knew this feeling: he had felt the same years ago, the moment he had learned he was going to be a father and also when he thought Sherlock was looking at him as if… as if letting him go; when Sherlock had looked at him like losing a lover. He remembered reproaching Sherlock at the wedding about dancing and closed curtains like a stab in his heart.
"Me too." Sherlock couldn't stop smiling.
Quickly, Sherlock grabbed a paper and almost fell over the desk. John supported him placing his hand on his chest with a firm pressure, almost falling with him.
"Sherlock, you need to calm down. You've lost some blood besides half litre I took from you last night. Here-" She walked to a desk nearby and handed Sherlock a cup, it had a clear liquid inside.
“Excellent deduction, but a few miles to the south; Chicago, Illinois.”
He still couldn’t believe they weren’t talking about the case. At all. Part of him wanted to, part of him wanted to continue the teasing, the easiness he missed so much.
resonated in his head.
He touched himself slowly at first; he couldn't recall when the last time he did this was. He took the base of his erection and stroked up slowly, making it last, he tilted his head back with a muted moan. He cupped the head then, moving his thumb over the fluid accumulating there. It was sticky by now, which only meant he’d been hard and wet for quite a while. His memories from earlier replayed; Sherlock had told him to imagine. He could only catch a few phrases '...
“John -”
Once Sherlock's face was right in front of his, his cheek still supported on his shoulder, John moved his neck down a little until his own lips were inches apart from Sherlock's. Their breaths mixed for a couple of seconds and John found himself lost as he felt the soft brush against his lips. It was intoxicating; despite the feelings in his body - the fast heartbeat, the tingling feeling in his stomach which travelled down - the peace he felt inside his mind was unique; a feeling of security he had never felt before. As he has proved, none of any other partner he had ever had were able to give him such strong sensations with such simple acts. He didn't dare to close the minimal space between them.
"Just ask for takeouts, John. Chinese is fine by me. We can go out dinner tomorrow."
"Outside, so keep it down. He wants to see you, I can't convince him otherwise. The guards had to take him down... Sherlock, you've got to tell him."
"I figured you had thrown it away! I bought that just to-! Jesus!"
"Mm?"
Sherlock was showing the same emotions he did at the end of The Hound case. John was beginning to understand this new part of Sherlock. A time ago, Sherlock would consider a case solved as soon as he found the answer. Now, as well as the end of The Hound case, he wanted the mother to know, like when he made Henry to look at the dog's corpse, so he could have some peace of mind.
John snickered and Sherlock released the small grip he had on the doctor's shoulders. Again, he positioned himself with his head on John's lap and he stretched there.
“I can talk to Martin later. Slaney is coming to Ridling Thorpe and she might be suspecting something since Sidney Eldridge is out of reach, also. Did you talk to Wilson Hargreave?” John turned his head to look at Sherlock, questioning with his eyes.
; now every time they got close he felt both his and Sherlock's pulse rise a little higher. Neither of them said or did anything though. It was abundantly clear that neither of them wanted to do anything about it… at least for now. Last night, for example, John was about to start writing the Hound of Baskerville case and couldn't; Sherlock was staring intently at him and that, of course, was very distracting. John opted to get up and escape to his room.
As this last thought escaped his mind, he saw, by the corner of his eye, Sherlock walking through the front door of the place. The reaction in his body was immediate; first thing he felt was a horrible knot in his stomach, a burning feeling in his chest, his palms sweaty and a sudden urge to cough. He saw how Sherlock spotted him and floated through the crowd, to him. The detective was expressionless. John saw how he made his way easily to his table and sat down carelessly next to him. He gestured the barman, ordering a beer for himself.
"What!" It was John's voice, a bit high pitched with confusion.
sent at 15:11.
"That's not a very romantic way to ask me out, John." He said lifting an eyebrow. John rolled his eyes and smiled, soon the smile turned to a light giggle and suddenly John and Sherlock were laughing while John finished putting on the bandages.
"But you never talk about-"
Sherlock realized that he didn't feel anything at the touch. Armand's voice was mellow, yes. And his touch was soft and firm, also yes. But still, Sherlock felt a bit like a corpse being examined. The feeling intoxicated him and made him a little nauseated.
"Cheer up!"
John thought.
"Nope. Out of the question." John answered, shaking his head in denial.
"This is not normal, Sherlock. This conversation, this context... it's just... not."
In these nocturnal conversations, he’d perceived clearly Sherlock’s influence on her speech; the words she was memorising and, of course, in the deduction area. Sometimes she would say “
"Is there anything else I can do? I moved the files to the folder you asked, I sorted the data of the laptop from the hot line facility we were talking about in the cab."
Sherlock just blinked slowly, never breaking the eye contact.
"He's doing
sobered him.
And Oscar Wilde's "Dorian Grey" original text:
"Romantic?" John snorted again, "I don't know if I'm even
"Are you here to ask me to withdraw from the case, again?" Sherlock supported himself stretching his right arm to the wall next to him. John wanted to get closer to Sherlock and help him, but there was something in the aura of the place that stopped him in doing so. This was a conversation that had to be held, and he didn't want to interrupt. Sherlock seemed better, it was obvious it was still hard to maintain his balance, but now his pronunciation was perfect and his voice had lowered to a normal volume.
"You're underestimating them... your father is a great man, Armand. I'm sure you could take his place someday."
"I know." Sherlock purred.
“Do you
“She’s the one
Abby barely lifted her face and frowned when she looked at Wilson. “Who the hell are you really?”
"Move faster John, we're getting closer now." Sherlock kept on walking. By the direction they were heading to, they weren't going downtown, they were going somewhere near the bridge.
"I'm... sorry? I really think you're confusing me with someone else..." Sherlock's gaze returned to the screen in front. But the handsome man got even closer and bent, so his face was right in front the detective's. Then, he took Sherlock's hand on his and stared at his eyes adoringly. "I can't! You know... the conversations we have on the line are always deleted after a couple of days, but I had to ask for a copy of ours. I just... couldn't... let you go."
Sarah walked in the cafeteria, she had a tired expression. John had to fight the urge to stand up and leave. He enjoyed her company, but he didn't want her to know he was texting Sherlock.
. After all, it was no minor thing to have masturbated thinking about his friend, his colleague... whom happened to be male.
"Mycroft..." John frowned, again, not completely following the man in front. "What is that Philip can't know?"
He cleared his throat again, not trusting his voice anymore. "Like this?" he asked. This time, John removed his knuckles and replaced them with his fingertips. He ghosted over that same spot and he heard Sherlock mumbling something like
"I've even killed for you, Sherlock, now shut it."
"We can't tell..." Mycroft sipped his coffee and saw John expression, clearly unsatisfied with the answer, "...and even if we could, I wouldn't. You just can't know it all, now can you?" Mycroft smiled gently.
"John?"
“Do you think the letters have something to do with the case?” John got up himself from the table and removed the dishes, quickly turning to the counter. He still felt the faint blush in his cheeks, the wink he had unconsciously thrown at Sherlock replaying non-stop in his head. And Sherlock’s face afterwards.
Once away he felt himself craving for a coffee. Nicotine patches long gone since early this morning. He got closer to a little cart and almost bought two cups, out of habit.
"The cat falling off the shelf..." John giggled as he remembered it.
“Y’know, Sherlock,” John sighed. He grabbed the much larger hand on his and just held it. Sherlock let him. “I’m going to massage your scars tonight. I’m going to grab that bloody lotion and you’re going to let me because even if it’s for my selfish self I will do it because I need it to be alright with myself, with you. You might be alright with me but I’m not and I know that now. I’ll…”
He tried to open his eyes but it was nearly impossible; his eyelids felt terribly heavy and so his head that now hung pressing his chin almost over his chest. With a big mental effort, he could open one of his eyes a bit; the only thing he saw was a red glowing dot floating over his chest. He lifted his head slowly, feeling sticky with sweat, clothes plastered to the skin. He didn't know where he was, the only thing for granted was the weight of his eyelids, the pain in the thighs for being kneeling for so long and the pain in the wrists which were tied up firmly at the small of his back.
Oddly enough, alone was protecting him now. Alone allowed him
That was something odd for both of them. John felt how Sherlock's heartbeat increased and he was pretty sure Sherlock could feel his too. They stayed like this for a while, just breathing, breathing in the other's scent. Both of their faces were buried in each other's juncture between neck and shoulder. "I reeeeally hope nobody sees us now..." John's spoke softly, his voice muffled by Sherlock's skin. John heard – and felt – a short deep giggle, his whole chest resonated at the sound.
"What do we need more information for? It was clearly a suicide!" Donovan stepped closer and, at the comment, Lestrade searched the ceiling for patience with an audible sigh.
"You're right." John wanted to be the one to finish this conversation. Even when a bit aroused, he didn't want Sherlock to know how shaken he was. "I could still hear you and I wouldn't like it." Sherlock giggled shortly and seemed both; surprised and satisfied with the answer.
“Not at all! It just gave me a fright!”
"That's awful, dear..." Mrs. Hudson was still concerned, John sipped his tea. Without Sherlock there, it all seemed so quiet and peaceful... awfully silent. "It really worried me, you know. Last time something like this happened, he wasn't so lost like now."
"Why not?"
“Daddy! I want
"Sherlock..." the back of John's knees touched the mattress. "Oh God... Sherlock..."
“We?”
"So. You slept."
He sat back on the bed and tilted his head up to the ceiling. His body really was fully of hormones. His body screamed to wake up John, to touch him roughly and kiss him and touch his erection with his own and push his finger inside... no. He had to calm down. He
"God, you're... distracting... just... tell me what you want to share, Sherlock. I won't make you. Okay?"
"No, this is a different man."
“Oh.” There was a pause behind him and then Sherlock cleared his throat. “No. Completely safe business. I checked all the slides before asking Rosie to stick her nose into them.” Sherlock’s wording and hard tone showed that the accusation had irritated him. Shit. John didn’t want that at all. He wasn’t angry, damn it!
"No. I knew you would recognise my voice." Sherlock replied taking off his moustache and the dishevelled straight hair wig, his voice lowered back to normal.
John froze. He felt how his soul left his body slowly. He felt himself going stiff and suddenly he had no control over his facial expressions... or body language. He didn't want to turn to look at the DI, but nonetheless, his words brought him back.
“One more product to test. I believe we’re not missing many products now,” Sherlock said trying to concentrate on another thing that wasn’t John who was about to massage his legs.
"Sherlock..." the doctor called in a very small voice. "Look, I'm alive. You really need to sleep it off. It was just a bad dream. Okay?"
This experiment is obviously not working... Sorry. What should I do if I want to end the call?"
"Well?" Mycroft lifted an eyebrow and rested his elbow over the desk. He watched intently at his little brother, shadows making his face even more angular than usual and his eyes even lighter and brighter. "I assume you didn't call me just to fight in the way."
"I didn't have the time. I needed to think."
“American… interesting,” Sherlock moved to the kitchen to heat up some porridge for Rosie as she mumbled incoherent things in the background.
"Can you really imagine me falling in love with a woman?"
"We are n-"
There was something, inside his mind palace, a poster hanging at the entry. Every time he went there he saw it:
“Celia!” Rosie cried in obvious glee, “Mycof! Look my dress!” Rosie made a little turn and a very old-fashioned bow.
"No, out of the table. I've never needed a public image and I certainly don't want to start now." Sherlock snorted then, "don't you remember the stupid hat's incident?"
"You weren't listening, were you?"
He expected this to be another solved and unimportant case: they would find the photographs, give them to Mycroft and be done with it.
“I want to help,” John interrupted with a firm voice; he stopped massaging and searched for Sherlock’s face that was barely visible over the arm he was resting the side of his face on. “Sherlock, I want to help. Let me help. With this,” John motioned to Sherlock’s back.
He just asked Sherlock to stop this.
"Yeah sure, and you can do the same."
"I know. John. Please..." at this point, John touched a spot near Sherlock's collarbone and Sherlock let out a throaty groan and he tilted his head back, watching John's face upside down right above him. Under this perspective, John could watch Sherlock's shirt, unbuttoned to mid-torso, the injured arm out of it, the other arm remaining inside the shirt. And for some reason, that arm was extremely annoying to John right now.
"And it's going to hurt, it's going to hurt your mind, your body and your soul..."
Sherlock's voice did things to him. It was a known fact, the breathy tone, the security that it held now was nothing compared to the two previous intimate nights. Now Sherlock was secure and, for the first time, John felt as if he could demand more from this man above him, he wasn't looking at the oddly young Sherlock now; he was looking to a secure, completely manly, grown up man.
“What?! Why didn’t you tell us before?”
“Well, if that’s all, I’m having a meeting right now.”
"Yeah, you had to show off, first thing."
"You mean, if we get old and grey and we couldn't be able of...? I guess it will be okay, too." He snorted and felt Sherlock do the same. "Do you realise..." he added, lowering his tone and his volume, "I'm a grown up man?" the doctor added using his most normal voice.
John threw himself on the large sofa, exhausted. It was evening and the sun was slowly setting, giving the flat an orange glow. Sherlock had been sleeping since Lestrade left around midday, and had just awaked twice to throw up, helped by John of course. The doctor took the opportunity to clean his wardrobe a little, so he could keep an eye on him at the same time he threw away the adrenaline he managed to gather during the day.
"And I'm terrified, yes." He continued, his voice held a purred undertone now, "I can do anything to you, but you never stop me. You allow yourself be guided by me, John. I can touch you, I can be close to you. I can even hurt you... I can lure you to danger..."
“No.”
Buttons got opened one by one by Sherlock's fingers, using only one hand with secure but quick movements, not frantic, but not soft or slow either. His other hand still caressed John's. Once the pyjama top was completely open, Sherlock noticed a shiver; fair tiny hairs on John's chest and the lower part of his stomach rose up with goose bumps, the light coming in from outside the window allowed them to glow golden, Sherlock’s fingers brushed around them causing John to sigh and arch his back in a heavier shiver than before.
“I kind of have a different idea. No arse included, for your disappointment.”
from five years ago would have said that’s quite idiotic. But today I think it’s brilliant.”
"Cheap prices... John... you're brilliant!" Sherlock placed the laptop on John's lap and got up quickly. He took the papers given to him by Lestrade.
“This is going to look terribly odd in the photos. I’ll have to explain later.”
. There were so many things inside his head he wanted to express, but he tried to keep it simple.
They tried to catch their breath. Sherlock moved lazily still panting; he saw John's struggling with his legs at both sides of him and he moved to the side, sitting on the bed next to him, looking the glow of the mess they had between their stomachs and chests.
"Probably, when this is over."
John only lifted an eyebrow. Sherlock and Rosie were on the living room floor; Sherlock on his back between their chairs and Rosie, sweet Rosie, was sprawled over Sherlock’s chest, pressing a lemon to his nose and grass in her other hand. She had turned as soon as John appeared.
"What-"
"I'm sorry..." John muttered before closing the remaining millimetres between them. At first it was a soft touch. They both pressed their lips together, it wasn't really a kiss. Sherlock moved back a little. He opened his eyes and searched for any sign of regret on John's face. "Sherlock..." he said opening his eyes and then rolling them at him "Stop. Stop... this. Stop worrying about me. Please." Then he lowered his voice and added with a faint smile. "Really, doesn't suit you as much as you think."
"Carry on." Sherlock made his voice to sound aroused, it held a breathy undertone. The guy groaned softly when he heard him.
“No, with Greg taking the scars-removal we should be… almost done,” John said, purposely avoiding the thing about the muscles relaxant. He placed his oily hand over Sherlock's calf when Sherlock moved his leg away.
"Sherlock." His voice didn't come out as he expected to. There was a certain breathy undertone in it, making it sound way too intimate. They were close enough, that justified it, didn't it?
like me to do..." Sherlock began to toy with the cup of coffee in his hands, bored. He moved the liquid from one corner to the other. The woman talked nonstop. As she spoke, Sherlock muttered "...bored..." and then louder he added, "
"Your pet is always so submissive, Sherlock" a mocking voice echoed around him, he knew the voice, he knew it very well.
"I can try to convince him…" John said. Deep inside, if what Armand said was true, John didn't have the heart to take the money from this guy.
"No, it's not what you think, actually. I want to know you. I wanted to..." Sherlock rolled to his side and supported himself on an elbow, his eyes fixed in John's, "I want to know all of you, John. I collected your smell, your taste, your sensations... I was actually very aroused when I was pleasing you, it was almost like self stimulation, it was..."
"Well..." she said, her voice was seductive and full of life, "my breasts are B coup, people tell me that I have a nice figure. My skin is pale, really, I always have to wear sun block. My hair is dark and my eyes are light blue..."
"Oh, I see." His lips slowly formed a smile. But soon, he couldn't help recalling Molly and their lunch. He wanted to ask so badly. Even when they had already talked this afternoon about the case, they hadn't brought up the lunch. His smile faded.
"Oh... did you inhale any of it?" John had a grin on his face.
[Shirt]
"I... you're right. I will. Thank you, I'm glad you're okay."
Once outside and out of ear range, John started to chuckle, soon he and Sherlock were laughing so hard that John had to support himself on a wall. "Oh God..." he gasped.
telling his brain what to do instead of the shame left in the middle of the rollercoaster of the events of last night.
“No, I mean it.” Martin pointed a finger to Sherlock’s body. “What’s happening to you right now is quite normal, if my suspicions are correct.”
“Do I have to be jealous of my old self?” Sherlock smirked but at John’s lack of response he went pale. “Oh.” He inhaled. “That was one more deduction than expected.” He felt John grab his hand with determination now and he looked over the other’s face intently. “You miss
“Hang on,” John said, completely oblivious to his effect on Sherlock, a frown on his face, his hands soft over Sherlock’s thighs, his eyes on the door. “Sherlock you know, this is
**..**
"John... oh God,
by chance, but that only made us talk with a woman. The recording voice then asked for another number, you pressed
Sherlock's brows darted up, and again, he felt a knot inside his stomach. "Go on."
"I only state what I see, Sherlock." John moved his other hand and positioned it over Sherlock's hand above his own; he grabbed it gently and stared at Sherlock's eyes. For a moment in the flat, there was nothing but the feeling of warm hands trapping a very cold one. "And you need to eat."
John laughed silently at the situation. Sherlock sulked as he followed the landlady's command. Seriously, she could make wonders with the stubborn man. Soon Sherlock tossed him some clothes which John recognised as one of the homeless' disguise.
defensive, Sherlock. Did Armand reach the friend status too?"
Mycroft sat at his desk once again and offered him a cigarette.
"Sherlock, do you think they followed you?"
“Well, this is not looking convincing if you’re fucking laughing,” but John had started to laugh too and the steps resumed at a slower pace, Abby and Craig were still talking. “We’re going to get caught, stop it!”
"Oh yes. You're right. I mean, if you need any help, please tell John he can call me."
"Uh?"
"Why don't you tell me yourself, Mycroft?" Sherlock's deep voice echoed in the flat, John blinked a couple of times, he was so concentrated in Mycroft's actions that he never saw Sherlock coming out from his bedroom, walking silently to the living room.
"Sherl- Sherlock..." John repeated kissing that spot as good as he could. He didn't dare to take his shaft completely out of Sherlock to pull it further or harder. He maintained his rhythm until he felt Sherlock's hand leaving his arse and crawling between their bodies. He couldn't help but lift himself and watch as Sherlock started to touch himself, his stroking on his own cock matching John's pace.
"Do you think that being excited... sexually aroused, is a mental state, John?"
**..**
“Water wastes are under Abby Slaney’s responsibility; every chemical process unsuccessful to provoke a reaction from the clients – according to the thermal spectre from the cameras – she would flush them down the toilet in frustration.” He did a full-body flourish when he turned to Martin to explain – John hadn't seen one of those almost in five years – and continued, placing an envelope in Martin’s hands. “I did a quick research on the water solubility of the components, also about chemical warning labels according to the norm; if you read the jars Abby Slaney took from Elsie Patrick – by force, I should add –” He put a bunch of photos in Martin’s hand “Were legally labelled with the corresponding warnings according to each of the components used. This does not end here, whatsoever. John noticed some boxes.” John frowned so Sherlock turned to John and squinted at him. “I saw you. I know all of the jars inside those boxes come with a warning label because I used the same brand before, that’s why you recognised them.” John said a small
Click.
[Dressing and hair style]
he'd had before. It was similar to the one he felt when The Woman had kissed him, on the cheek, but still in front of John. That time, he had the case of the plain and the camera-phone as a distraction, so he had discarded the thoughts that would eventually lead to a feeling. Now the distraction was
"John..." Sherlock glared at him. "I really recommend you to not even t-"
"Just observe." John got even closer to Jack to have a better view of the situation Sherlock was in. He noticed how the detective had a lot of glares on him, clearly jealous for gaining the attention of the young woman. But there were some others looking at him, maybe homeless people, with expectantly smirks on their faces. Like Jack's.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, a silently
“Yes. And I know you tend to be… vocal.”
thinking of him. He usually ended his business fast, enraged, frustrated. It was rare the occasion in which he did it with John in his thoughts till the very end.
Seriously taking his role as a doctor, he had been checking now and then on the sleeping figure; Sherlock had tossed a little and muttered a couple of things about lotion, massages, sex, Armand... about a phone call, about John... but since none of it made much sense, he had just opted to remain silent and not to ask for anything. He didn't want to have a yelling-Sherlock again, thank you very much.
“There goes your theory of not cheating,” John sighed.
"Nobody can ever know I gave you this information. My name can't be known."
"I see you pressing the delete key. Don't do it, it's... fine. You're right, every word." Slowly, the detective supported his elbows on his knees and brought his palms together, resting his chin over his fingertips.
"Loud?" The DI asked again.
"What did you hear?"
He read the script, it wasn't much more than seven minutes. Once he was done he hurriedly went to take his headphones again.
The phone on the armrest of Sherlock's chair started to sound but Sherlock didn't pay attention to it. If John wanted him to be out of the news this should do. A forgotten case, from an old book, a few samples he had from a neck tissue of a man who had hanged himself would do to prove his theory.
Armand remained silent, two cups in his hands, his back turned to Sherlock, who just stayed there not moving, waiting for a reaction of the younger man.
"Yes."
“You are making me better; you are keeping me right.”
“Yes, like we did this morning.”
"Tell me then, why am I lying?" John heard a little chuckle and his frown deepened.
- his body succumbed easily to the sensations the man arose in his body
And for now,
, yesterday when being with Sherlock. And now the same word was being used to describe his caress. He inhaled deeply and realized the bed still held a bit of Sherlock's scent from earlier. His aftershave and Sherlock's unique smell invaded his nostrils, making his mind race with images from the detective. His memories from that night in Sherlock's bed came back, and couldn't help but wonder if his own scent was still in his bed. Had Sherlock even slept in that bed after that night?
The detective had closed his eyes and his breathing was steady and calm. John deduced that Sherlock had gone far away deep into his mind. So he took one of the books that had him absorbed last night and continued his reading. He expected that the action kept his mind out of the memories, now threatening to stimulate him more than needed.
"Thanks."
to talk about embarrassment, Sherlock..." he handed the cup of tea, Sherlock took it, his smile in perfect place.
"Right... right, sir."
"Oh, it's only the casing, it's the same phone." She said with a nervous smile.
“I have my contacts, Lessss- Greg. We know each other from the time I was in Florida. Hudson’s business was in New York as well.”
And right there, sitting next to Sherlock, John could have sworn he saw little white fonts floating around the taller man:
John let out a sigh as well. He sat straight on the couch and then moved a little his torso to face Sherlock too.
"That face."
Sherlock's breathing became sharper behind him, he clenched his jaw and exhaled heavily. "I've been observing you these past days... after we masturbated each other in my room." John's heart skipped a beat at the deep and breathy voice, but his hands continued rubbing Sherlock's fingers. He was captivated by that hand, massaging here and there, the knuckles, the wrist.
"So, you want us to investigate the reason of the hot line company's shut down..."
John was wearing his bathrobe and he was moving a towel over his short hair, he lifted an eyebrow at Sherlock's lower half "Good morning" he tried not to pay attention to that.
Greg opened his mouth; incredulity was obvious on his face. He couldn't help an open-mouth smile at John's unusual condition. Sherlock smirked proudly, his neck straightening once more as he observed the DI's reaction. Lestrade's eyes fought between the taller man, then to the shorter man. He finally gave in, groaning in frustration. "You know what? Fine!" he pointed with his index finger to the ground, "I want you both tomorrow, in a suit, eight a.m. at the museum, do I make myself clear."
Eleven in the night and Sherlock wasn't moving from his position on his chair, knees up to his chin, arms around his legs. How many hours again? About six? John frowned from the kitchen. The request had been almost dramatic and now his heart still hammered in his chest since, after hours of silence, a single request made him jump from his own chair and nearly drop the laptop on his knees, where he kept on looking for the information requested by the genius in front.
A couple of seconds passed, Sherlock waited, anxiety danced around his face, eyes scanning the face in front.
“She did? She’s usually happy with people.”
"There is a tray... cakes and sandwiches..." she said talking in a very hushed voice, "I also brought milk because I didn't know if you had any. If you need anything else, let me know dear..." she added with a smile, walking to Mycroft who held the bags to her reach and then she quickly walked to the door.
Sherlock immediately.
After several minutes of silence, John stood up, decided. He extended his hand to Ella and the therapist understood that was perhaps the last time she was going to see him.
"What happened?"
Lestrade blinked a couple of times and then laughed. Hard. He took his phone from his pocket and started to record the scene.
"Are you alright?" Asked the younger man, stepping closer and searching for Sherlock's eyes with a worried expression.
"Is the injury part of the disguise too?" John left his laptop on the other armchair and walked to the bathroom to get the first aid kit.
"I'm sorry I called you this late, John."
Some part, in the back of John's head, this was ridiculous. He felt like a character of a Disney movie, the prince staring back at his... prince, he was about to start bating his eyelashes. He wanted to laugh, he wanted to laugh at himself, but something in Sherlock's eyes didn't let him. The detective was analysing him, he was staring into his very soul and soon he found himself doing the same; he analysed the curve of Sherlock's clear pupil, the iris and the eye, the eye lashes, he saw the little marks beside the eyes, the hair line above his forehead. He lowered his gaze and observed the pores of his cheeks, of his nose.
John's smile grew wider as Sherlock lightly inclined his head to the touch.
"Mm-hm..." John gave Sherlock a quick look by the corner of his eye and saw the lost expression on the detective's face, he lifted his brows and exhaled. "How are you feeling about that?"
"You can't see it, don't you?" he asked when he saw none of them were giving him any.
arse can take that.”
“Still at the front door, she’s doing something to the camera.”
was left unsaid but implied and clearly understood. He knew his voice sounded angry, but he needed to know, too. He had kept quiet for too long about this already.
Sherlock raised both of his eyebrows in question.
, since he often slept only a few hours sitting in the sofa. John had added
“God help me, I do.” John smiled and soon disappeared with the chair downstairs.
Approaching the facility was not easy. They had to run heads down all the way. Lestrade had stepped on a pile of dirt and Sherlock had almost thrown himself over the DI to prevent him from shouting a curse. The rest of the way, Lestrade made sure to let them know the procedure: if people at the facility had fire guns - which they probably did - they would only take enough evidence to come back with the specialist firearm command and a warrant.
When Sherlock finished talking, he sensed the lack of response from the man in front, when he turned his head he saw the poor young man with his lips slightly open, eyes stretched in a way that seemed almost unnatural, and his shoulders shaking for either cold or nervousness.
"Go ahead." Sherlock positioned his elbows over the table and waited, leaving the little book in front.
Sherlock never lifted his gaze from the book in his hands. But John knew the sentiment was genuine and silently thanked for it. Maybe it was silly, but he needed it. He needed to hear at least someone was sorry for what happened, for what he had to see and experience during the day. For all the turmoil of feelings he had to hide. It was like everything was right again with that simple phrase. John smiled. Sherlock really had an incredible effect over him.
be pleased." She nodded to the taller man.
John was prepared for that kind of relationship, yes, from long ago, but he wanted to demand, he wanted to ask Sherlock about his feelings, he wanted to hear Sherlock say those three words he craved to hear from him. Maybe he knew it, but to actually hear them was a complete different story. Hell, he had told Sherlock that he loved him, he had opened his heart to him the same way Sherlock had opened his mind – and body – to him that night, the morning after that night as well. But Sherlock never opened his heart and that bothered him. A little. Yet he wanted to ask, badly, just a question, a lame question, he knew.
"Let's keep on walking, please… I have exposed you to too much already."
was surprisingly large).
"You okay?" the doctor asked, Sherlock moved his head a little, focusing on John's eyes.
"Good." John cleared his throat. His eyes danced around the room. He really wanted to tease Sherlock after his new discovery. It was too much to resist. "So, ticklish, aren't we?"
"Sherlock... I am not going to leave you. Ever." He said firmly. To make his point, the back of his left hand brushed Sherlock's right one over his glass of beer, Sherlock's fingers flinched at the sudden and quick contact, but he didn't move it away.
“Sherlock!” John made a gesture with his hands. Sherlock went still. “In proper English, please.”
John cleared his throat, nervously. He couldn't follow everything Mycroft was saying. Sometimes when talking to Sherlock or Mycroft he felt... brainless, as if they were talking something so obvious for them, but for them alone. He tapped his fingers on the table again.
“It could arise suspicions, don’t you think?” There was a small pause and then Sherlock started a crescendo of giggles when he added, “I’m going to send Mycroft in my place.”
"Hello. I am conducting an experiment."
"Lestrade." Sherlock turned to look at him and stopped his walking, John stopping next to him, as lost as Lestrade was. "If you really can't see where this is going then my help is nothing but futile. As long as you obstinately work for my brother, this investigation will end in nothing, as the Netherlands' one. Even if you find the responsible of this black market or the drug's market, it is going to lead and end in nothing." Sherlock turned and kept on walking, Lestrade tilted his head, processing the detective's words. He turned and looked at the force surrounding the facility, suddenly not trusting anyone around him. Suddenly all of them were strangers and, as he watched John and Sherlock walk away, he wanted to reach for them, asking them not to leave him all alone.
, don't get loud though, there are sound sensors near the place, they activate the alarms. Don't worry, you should be fine."
"How can you be so sure?" At the question, John had to make every mental exercise he knew to remain calmed, he counted to ten. He was certain that even a flinch in his eye would let him exposed. Again, he took his time to answer.
"Yep. But they make us sign a contract that contains the hour and the day of the call, explaining all the legal background of that action... it's not an easy thing to do." Armand stared intently at the detective in front; he noted his face was facing him but his eyes were looking at John.
“On your bed.” When John’s brows almost hit his hairline, Sherlock hurried to clarify. “I left it there because I needed to clear the table, so I moved everything I knew wasn’t contaminated to your room.”
"Phillip, I told you..." he repeated the same sentence, as polite as possible, "I can't cover your back all the time. The Yard is already into this and they are going to track you."
Sherlock started to turn to leave, but he quickly turned again, his index finger against his lip.
"I've locked the door." Both of them snorted at the same time and giggled shortly.
"Why? It wasn't my fault!" Sherlock was still giggling, his shoulders were shaking lightly.
"I dare you say that again." John said with a relaxed tone. Sherlock turned around on his chair to look at the scene and maybe stop John. It was too late. The bloke was sprawled over a table and his nose was bleeding badly. Sherlock smiled silently when he saw Jack, who had been watching the scene, coming to them. He took the bleeding guy from the collar of his jacket and literally threw him outside the place. Then he walked back quickly and patted John's shoulder friendly again. The right one.
Sherlock smirked, never taking his eyes from John's and whispered "Alright..."
"It's an order sergeant, don't make me repeat myself." Sergeant Donovan nodded with a frown. "And Donovan!" Lestrade called, as she turned to look at him, he added "Tell the men to keep an eye out until those two reach the city." He said lifting his chin to the direction Sherlock and John had taken.
“I’ll do my best.”
"What do you want me to do, in the meantime?"
Sherlock was on the chair in front, a concentrated expression on his face, his index and middle fingers massaging his temples, his bare feet tapping the rug below. Armand was in the kitchen, browsing the phone Sherlock had returned.
“Mycroft is coming in an hour, you said. I’m going to take care of Rosie, put her to sleep early. After that please make Sherlock Holmes come back home.” He paused for a moment. “The
“Look at him, all energetic in the morning!” She was cheerfully carrying a tray and had left the door of her flat open, Pink Floyd filling the space.
The girl didn't hear since Lestrade was talking to her now; she got closer to him and the DI immediately realised what was going on. He lifted an eyebrow and smiled wide at her as he handed back the folder.
And, less of all, he wasn’t used to watch porn and memorising the actors’ O-faces.
“Hargreave.”
"How did you get to that conclusion...? It's fantastic!"
Two men of Louis' gang came quickly to each side of the attacker, taking his hands, pinning him against the wall harder, one of them even knocked him out against the wall, leaving him almost unconscious and groaning in pain.
. And John had him again at a loss of words after his secure words.
John’s eyebrows shot up even more and regarded Sherlock’s face for a small eternity. He had clearly understood. He moved to the small table where the products were and said, deadpan, “There is no aphrodisiac.”
"Are you going to see Sherlock? Do you need a ride?"
John walked in there, resigned. This one would definitely be a very, very long afternoon and night.
John played nervously with his glass, his leg fluttered up and down in a nervous gesture. Sherlock took the hint.
“Mrs Hudson’s laughter from the ground floor, with her and our doors open, are 50. You can do the math.” Sherlock said, his voice low.
Panting and staring back into John's eyes, the detective managed a nod, he licked his lips and breathed out a barely audible "Yeah..."
placid in here..." John said pointing carelessly his index finger to his head, eating a piece of toast.
"...so, then in the car, I noticed Sherlock had this patch near his armpit area, it is used to deliver drugs into the system... like nicotine patches." John said mournfully, eyeing from time to time the direction of Sherlock's bedroom.
"It's a... very rare case indeed. It has to do with the drugs dealers you boys found the other day."
Now Sherlock was straddling his lap, both of his legs painfully trapped between John’s weight and the floor.
**..**
“I don’t mind.” John pressed Sherlock’s body against the table with his hips and Sherlock made a soft noise in his throat. “Go ahead, tell me what you’re thinking.”
The man turned to John and stretched his hand without a word. Sherlock watched through the window as the old man took a cab and left hurriedly.
“Indeed.”
“How will I know?” John whispered fiercely behind him as Sherlock stopped right in his tracks below the door frame, he looked back at John over his shoulder and with his voice very low and serious he simply said, “You will.”
“Staff? No. I need you to focus and tell me if Abby usually comes with more people?”
. Sherlock laughed at the excessive concern, and teased John how his work with the kids at the hospital had
"Hm?"
"Hey!" she greeted, taking a sit in front of him, leaving a tray similar to John's over the table "What an awful morning!"
“You’re not convincing either-” The words died down on Sherlock’s lips when John’s hand slapped over his mouth and the other pinched one of his nipples. Hard. Sherlock’s grip on John’s air tightened and John groaned, laughter completely forgotten when, with all the sudden movement, one of John’s fingers went inside Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock had to struggle to keep the laptop over his knees.
John snorted, Sherlock giggled. They locked stares and laughed shortly. Sherlock's attention came back to the paper in front.
A lot of random women had insinuated to him through the years. Even
“What are you doing?” But John knew that if he fought it, it would look odd on the cameras, so he let himself be guided.
The DI sighed, placed both of his elbows over his desk and let his head fall in between his hands. "Fuck." He muttered for himself.
As a doctor, he was interested in the drugs and the effects they have in the human body. It seemed like ages he last read a medical book. The familiarity of the action made him feel at peace. He felt a bit like a teenager again; when those books were still a mystery and he had to spend long, sleepless nights trying to figure them all out. He had to read them aloud, have three or four extra books on his lap, a medical dictionary always at reach. Now he didn't need that anymore, he understood every word there, and could follow the book with ease, even when it was from an area that wasn't his expertise at the medical field.
Under other circumstances, he would have been grateful he had no more distractions from his thoughts. He really wanted to find a way to make the woman to accept her daughter's betrayal, it was a challenge. Besides, he was reading the kind of natural drugs the body released when being under extreme stress, and he really wanted to see the effect in Mrs. Hudson's friend. He tried to imagine it, helped by the books, but he also noted that the drugs he was releasing from his conversation with John didn't help. Quite the contrary; in his mind, only humorous situations were forming over the matter. He blamed John for being the source of his endorphins. He couldn't think like this, these drugs were stronger than the nicotine patches. In his mind palace, every time the mindquake was about to start, the walls became thicker so the shaking did nothing.
"Hello! How can I help you?"
The answer came immediately.
. Last night, his body was doing exactly what his mind was commanding it to do! Since everything started there, his body only followed his mind’s instruction! This was
"Can't you see it, John?" Sherlock planted the notepad right in front of John's nose, but all he could see were numbers.
’ Mind-palace-Mycroft lifted a brow.
Armand's phone gave a few laps in the air before falling back to Sherlock’s waiting hand; he observed the item once more, intently. After a while he got up and walked to the bathroom, he took off his shirt and tossed it to a side. He bent over the sink and splashed water over his face and neck, he put his head under the water and allowed the cold liquid fall over him. He couldn't explain the action; he tried, but failed. He didn't want to feel Armand's hot breath and lips on the same place he had felt John's... that was the only possible explanation his mind could come up with. But he wasn't convincing himself. The feeling,
.’ And, leaving the table right where it was with little fuss, saying “
"So much for brunch." Said John aloud, stretching in the armchair.
And maybe it explained, at least a little, why the detective had woken up in a very cheerful mood. He’d even eaten the breakfast John made for him that morning.
“But the letters… how?”
So Sherlock rocked her softly, talking in hushed tones, making up a story that he could barely remember, something about a prince and a homeless man that looked exactly the same. Well, in his version, the prince was an idiot called Mike and the homeless was an abandoned genius called Billy. He laughed with Rosie when she repeated ‘
“Giovanni’s room.”
"I know, Mrs. Hudson..." John sighed, playing with his thumb on the handle of the mug, "I just want to know what kind of drug it was... it seemed dreadfully strong... Sherlock had it on him less than ten minutes, and you saw the results." He gestured to Sherlock's room and gave a sigh. He moved the remaining of his tea inside the cup. "I sent the patch over to Bart’s lab with Greg... hopefully Molly can determine the drug type."
"John, that's what I'm trying to figure out... Mycroft wanted me there, in the case... us."
"Oh, you poor thing..." John joked and gave a small kiss on Sherlock's head. The detective snorted again.
"John, we're getting closer every time. Each step further we get and Mycroft appears here. What if the drug on Dartmoor and Netherlands are all connected to the Hot Line... placing an underground business makes them all fall, can't you see it? It's brilliant!"
**..**
!" Sherlock said cheerfully, passing his arm around John's shoulder slowly, "I told you, John. We're not going to be seen here, so no need to fake it or to be shy..." Sherlock brushed his nose against John's cheek and then watched intently at the cabbie at the other side of the window who observed the scene with a knowingly smile and added "Right? You know what I mean." Sherlock winked at the old man.
After a long pause, Sherlock whispered "Alright". He lowered his sight to the floor, knowing John was right. He didn't trust his body now, even when he felt his mind slowly going back to normal.
"Yoo hoo!" She called and stopped when she saw John standing awkwardly next to Sherlock who was still sitting on his chair, they moved their eyes away from each other's faces. "Sherlock, dear..." she said, her composure back to normal in seconds, John frowned, sure Mrs. Hudson knew already. It's not like the walls were soundproofs after all... at his own thoughts he took a hand to his temples, rubbing them. "There is a man with a dummy downstairs, he says-"
Sherlock was behind the doctor trying to figure out what was wrong with him. He seemed fine when he walked into the room and now, it was like he brought the weight of the clinic over his shoulders.
Soon John remembered something.
After a couple of minutes in silence, only interrupted by his arrhythmic tapping, the kettle whistled annoyingly and he turned it off almost with fury.
"Sorry to interrupt, boys... but I was hoping... if you..." Lestrade tried to talk straight, but it was getting difficult with Sherlock's face a couple of millimetres from his nose. Sherlock wore a frown and was having a very difficult time on focusing his eyes on the DI’s. He was observing him as if there was something very out of place on Lestrade’s face. He continued talking, "...if you uh...could help me out." He moved his neck back, adding more space between his face and Sherlock's and eyed John, his expression was nearly scared. "Er... John? ...get him off me... please."
. The only thing that was modified was his behaviour about his own feelings.
“All right,” John blinked several times as he watched Sherlock, who was now staring at the photo of the kiss.
"Mycroft...?" Sherlock shook his head and chuckled lightly after his warning tone, "you're assuming too much, you're losing your touch, dear brother."
the experimentation.
After a while, he had the dummy hanging from the ceiling and he was back at the microscope. He knew the next case, and he also had an idea of what was going on with John. They needed to get used to this new relationship and, for that, John needed a bit of assurance. It wasn't just about the physical pleasure, about the chemistry between them, it was deeper. And John needed to know something Sherlock couldn't confess, not yet.
"He's a strong man. I uh..." Sherlock looked through the window, "I believe in him."
Sherlock took a hold of what he was doing that last time he looked up. He had been lost memorizing every bit of John, remembering every feel, every texture, storing it all up carefully. He was breathing heavily and noticed John was in the same state. Something close to a smile crossed his lips when he observed John holding that last stare. He took a deep breath and returned to look at some point behind John's head, towards the kitchen.
John cleared his throat and took a deep breath, he smirked to the mirror again. Yes. That rehearsed smile should do it, all right. He nodded to himself and walked outside, going to a nearby cafe. He recalled the last time he went to one, it was with Mycroft.
He closed his eyes for a moment, trying to will the excess of energy away, but when that didn’t work, he walked over to cut and fry some bread, only to realise he had already made croutons for Rosie’s broth earlier. He groaned out loud, exasperated.
John gulped silently and cleared his throat, looking away. His vivid imagination could almost see Sherlock with a woman. The detective kissing random female body parts, licking passionately at a random woman's neck, Sherlock moaning deeply as the situation goes further. Wait. Stop, John. Stop it.
“Not if you wash your hands first, William.” Was John trying to clean the charged air? Back to the previous game?
from John.
“Have you washed your hands with anything else today?” Sherlock asked in a hurried tone, his face inches from the surprised man. All Martin could do was to shake his head. Then Sherlock looked at John. “John?”
"Finally, I was starting to think you
"Oh, shut it."
Soon they were kissing; Sherlock cupped John's jaw. The kiss was a slow, gently slide of tongues, John leaned over Sherlock, his hands supporting himself at the sides of the taller man's torso. Sherlock rolled them and soon the kiss grew urgent, John's room was silent except for their breathing.
"Why?"
"Enough." The other replied, hanging the coat behind the door and walking to him.
Thank you so much for comments and support! I'm flattered!
"The status, John! The woman over the phone said that there were indeed special services, and the conversation went off when she said 'only for'...?" Sherlock waved his arm and hand in front of John, as if expecting John to finish the sentence.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth went down and he took a deep breath. John felt an ache in his chest.
After hours comparing data – John had seen it coming – from both lists, Sherlock got to the conclusion that they were selling non approved drugs for the hospital. They were keeping somewhere, somehow, the original ones.
"Oh, sorry I'm not from London." Sherlock lied.
**..**
"Sherlock..." his own shaky whisper and unsteady panting met his ears and, somehow in his mind, the sounds combined. He could almost feel the trembling hand on his cheek again and the hot panting against his lips. His strokes became harder and his panting became urgent. With his eyes closed, he could almost feel Sherlock's lips on his, whispering his name in the most delicious way his name had ever been said. He could almost feel it was Sherlock's fingers around his erection. His imagination was vivid, yes, but never like this. In his mind, all of his senses had mingled somehow and suddenly he was no longer alone in his room, it was no longer cold.
Sherlock pressed one.
He thought. "...Sherlock."
Molly had called a few hours ago, letting him know that the drug was a variation of Phencyclidine; a recreational drug which had been modified to be absorbed through the skin. It wasn't dangerous, but the amount would last hours. The dose in the patch was still high in the lab, even when Sherlock's organism had absorbed almost half of it already. It seemed that the drug was given to the detective with the only purpose to leave him out of the battlefield for at least one day.
"You want to hear me say it, don't you?"
', [Shirt] '
After a couple of seconds, John gave Sherlock a couple of strokes and pats on his back, the detective mimicked him."Sherlock..." John's voice sounded muffled by the other's shirt, "...if we keep on doing this, people will definitely talk."
[Red mark below his hear]
"Hm..." Sherlock got closer to John's ear and purred, "John..."
“It’s a pattern, John! Take the first of each of those codes and put them together along with the last of the octal code, it’s going to give you the name of both cameras. Hence, the letter.”
A waitress gave him a funny look when he clapped a single time in realisation. His eyes were wide open and the "oh!" that had been heard around the place was his, surprisingly. He only realised because the three customers besides him in the cafe were looking at him with a frown. He nearly laughed out loud. It was the same way Sherlock was always looked at when doing something out of place in a public place... or in the Yard, oh hell, or in the flat. How many times didn't he, John Watson, looked at Sherlock like that? He couldn't help a grin.
**..**
"John?" Sherlock tilted a little his head just to watch John standing behind him, firmly touching the back of his neck with his fingertips and removing his own hand from there.
"Thank you very much, Mr. Lawrence." The cabbie flashed them a last knowingly grin and disappeared.
"Molly, Molly... if you hadn't dump me we could be having so much fun right now..." he smiled. "You look so bored after all, so ordinary... oh well! I have a DVD to record..."
"Yes, I recall you told me that... several months ago."
He closed his eyes and recalled last night's events; he clearly remembered the news he was watching, John had fallen asleep next to him. He had thrown a blanket over them and John had tossed, still sleeping, supporting his cheek on his shoulder. He had moved his arm over John's shoulders and behind his neck so he could sleep better. After that... he dreamed. He couldn't recall the dream. He had to go further. In his mind, he started to scan through his files and since he found nothing, he started to evoke all he could with his senses; there was John's soft breathing and the background noise of the news channel, the weight of his head over his shoulder, the smell of his aftershave and something unique that was John Watson's own scent, John's hair tickling his chin, the back of his head over his upper arm, telly light over his eyes... nothing. With all of his senses in harmony, he started to breathe just like when you go to sleep; peacefully and slowly, using the lower half of the lungs. His mind went into a slumber state and then there it was.
When John finally excused himself to go to bed and could actually fall asleep, he dreamed of Sherlock.
It had been a long day between the lab and the Yard. His body was exhausted. His mind, on the other hand, was working frantically over some digital documents that had helped him to solve the case.
"No, I have to figure this out first, I intended to call the hot line, but I can't do it without a code. I have the hidden options, but I still need a code."
"Don't be." Sherlock replied breathless. "John... that was..."
As always, Sherlock projected, so John was talking in the same hushed voice. As he moved his hand around Sherlock’s shoulder blade over the vest, his own shoulder got somehow under Sherlock’s armpit, his stomach nearly flat over Sherlock’s crotch as his hand turned and tried to reach the pocket. He could feel a slide at the tip of his finger, so John pressed himself further against Sherlock and Sherlock… thanked the heavens for thick jeans. John’s heavy breathing (they were doing something incredibly illegal according to the spa policy, so that was John’s standard reaction) right over Sherlock’s collarbone.
**..**
"What the hell are you doing?" John asked, he observed the well dressed dummy. "Most importantly, where did you get it from?"
A deep giggle echoed around the flat. Sherlock continued his reading and John gulped his tea down. The hot liquid down his throat felt splendid after the long day. Sherlock, on the other hand, drank it slowly, now consumed by the book again.
John's mouth had suddenly gone dry, he felt how he was shaking hard, his knees were going weak and his pulse was elevating to an absurd level, an erection was slowly growing in his pants.
"You done?" John asked lazily, eyes shutting down again.
"It seems to me, the
John was very aware of the change in the air after
"Irrelevant." Sherlock muttered and added quickly, "you need to sleep though, you look tired."
“One of his arms encircled my… waist.” Sherlock panted a few times and continued, “Then he put the other 'round my neck, and the tips of his fingers twiddled and fondled my throat, thrilling me…” he opened his eyes and dared to look right into John’s eyes as he lifted himself on his elbows; he was completely unaware of his facial expression, nor did he want to analyse it now. Words came to his mind, words written a century ago used for furtive wanks with a book on his lap.
received at 04:47.
The cab had stopped in a lonely wide alley and Sherlock quickly stepped out of it, John gave more money than needed to the old man. There were no souls around in the street, there were no sounds either; like a ghost town.
Why? Why was he doing all of this? He had plenty of girlfriends before – well not "plenty" but enough – and he never had this
“She’s associating. I told you she is assisting,” Sherlock stood from his chair and walked over to check over Rosie’s shoulder. “What do we have, then?”
"You should be glad I'm not a killer, you would be dead by now." Sherlock entered the flat with long steps.
"I want you to move your fingers inside me," at this, Sherlock moved his own hand to take John's behind his balls and moved John’s fingers, making the middle finger to enter him slowly. John's air got trapped in his lungs when he saw Sherlock closing his eyes and his jaw falling open into a soft 'oh'.
John tapped pause on the phone and looked over at Sherlock, who was now staring at his half-full cup. John’s cup was mostly empty.
"Come on, Sherlock." Mycroft stood up and walked to the coffee machine, turning it up "I am your brother! You hadn't been so defensive since Victor, even though I know nothing ever happened between you two... and you weren't that closer with him as you are now with John... he was still your
John got closer to them and stretched his hand to the tall man, "Nice to meet you... erm..."
"It’s not something to be taken lightly..." Mycroft said, closing his eyes and frowning deeply. "You and my brother... are always getting yourselves, somehow, on cases that are not your business..." John rolled his eyes at Mycroft. He knew the speech already. The man in front raised him an eyebrow. He was about to talk again when his phone went off.
"It's a shame."
recorded, but randomly photographed. I was massing Mrs Turner’s feet -” Sherlock snorted at this, “- and I could hear a soft click in random intervals. It’s only to make sure we’re working and not… you know. Chatting with the clients…”
“Don’t think so, no. He was from the States and we lost contact with him. His site and e-mail address are no longer working,” She frowned and as if remembering something, “We do have the CD with the font code if you need it but first, “She rummaged a stack of papers and handed one to Sherlock, “Here, you need to fill this form,” She stood and stretched again. Showing off, why is she showing off? “I’m going for a coffee, you want one
Sent at 5:18
"Whom do you work for?"
"I don't need your sympathy, Mr. Holmes. I respect
As always thanks to my beta-reader:
"You already know I'm a functional sociopath."
"My cheek hurts..."
“Hm?” Sherlock was back to his microscope and the glass was now empty next to him. He lifted one eyebrow, though. Good.
"I can't. You're distracting." Sherlock gritted his jaw at the breathless tone in his voice; even if it was evident he was still trying to control it.
"You are. Don't..." he sighed, "Don't argue with me, doctor. You know you can't argue with me."
"No... uh... it's fine." Sherlock gulped and cleared his throat.
Sherlock’s eyes never left the door.
“I see,” John looked down, his face sad. “But you
"Wait… how do you-"
"Oh God..."
The case in Dartmoor was an exception, but then again, it was the drug’s effect.
seduce me again. What makes you so self-confident?"
"Oh and I would like to toy with your nipples... see how they react when I touch them.
"What face?"
“Look, I’m not really allowed to show this to other people.” Her shoulders went down immediately and her smile faded somewhat. That would not do. Time to change tactics.
"I'm not hungry."
Sidney still had her hands on her eyes, the jar on the floor, leaving a strong scent in the air. Elsie was watching the scene behind them. She struggled to get free but the old man was obviously stronger than her with her weakened body. Sherlock fought the need to sneeze as the man underneath the blanket struggled to get free in time with Detective Martin coming into the room with two Yarders behind him, all of them wearing air-purifying respirators. Sherlock hissed when Martin switched on the light.
"Earthquakes are boring."
"Started like one. I am very pleased to know I can sexually arouse you by myself."
“Noise insulation?” Sherlock asked, now walking to look inside the bathroom.
They secretly loved it and they both felt guilty about saying it outloud.
John laughed hard this time. Sherlock pressed F5 on his computer and smiled at the screen.
"What happened there?" John asked trying not to pay attention at the closer face.
“Sorry,” he approached her, “Mrs H, uhm… Have you got any beans?”
Sherlock stepped out of the room and closed the door quietly. His pulse went back to normal slowly as he went downstairs. So his gland was still working after all... he stopped his walking.
"I won't." John sighed again and locked his stare with the detective, "I should be the one concerned; that arm needs tending to and you have to eat. I texted Molly already and Mrs. Hudson will be back tomorrow."
. It was obvious, considering the personality of the man that he still wanted to keep the worker-client bond of confidentiality. The detective felt a weight being lifted from his shoulders; he really didn't want to explain it to John. As the man kept on talking, Mrs. Hudson came upstairs with a tray of cookies, bread and jam. She insisted on Armand taking a warm shower and obliged Sherlock to lend him some clothes.
was heard from Miss Eldridge’s desk.
He had to stop to catch his breath as he looked intently the shaft in front of him. John moved in his sleep, face lost in pleasure and his hips rocked against nothing, touching the tip of his erection to Sherlock's cheekbone as he did it. The sleepy man searched for more friction and his hips rocked steadily. Sherlock took a hold of the base of it and John stayed still for a few seconds before turning over his back again.
drugs."
"Oh! It was going to be a surprise! I tried to run but you know... my hip..."
There was a noise downstairs. John knew they had to stop. He knew the noise of the wood against the floor was going to alert Mrs Hudson.
, but his mind was powerful enough to make him come without touching, it seemed. Unconsciously, John started to stroke himself over his jeans as he observed the sleeping figure before him. No, he couldn't do this. He withdrew his hand and just remained there, frustrated, not knowing what else to do. He loved Sherlock, no doubt about it. But still, despite all the awkward situations, even if other people noticed the constant sexual tension between them, he still considered Sherlock his best and only friend. He didn't know for certain about Sherlock, but he felt, deep inside, the detective actually cared about him. All of this only proved him right.
. “Is this…?”
"Why Sherlock?" the other guy asked suddenly.
"What?"
"Are you sleeping on the couch?"
"Oh God… why does everyone…?" John rolled his eyes up, looking for the answer somewhere on the ceiling. "Yes. Yes, we are partners, but only in the professional sense of the word." He smiled and shook his head, the girl giggled at John's line of thought.
. He was sitting on it, his face was a bit of a blur, but he could see a silly expression on his face. He ignored it. There were the slides on the stretcher behind him and made a mental note to bring more today just in case, different colours for each.
The Yarder taking them to the location Sherlock had requested after they were off Elsie and Chloe’s house was following the given route with trouble; Ridling Thorpe was a former manor but now an exclusive jewellery store. There was a small lake surrounded by vast acres of vegetation and Sherlock had asked to follow that complicated pathway. The car jumped and moved in the dark - it was nearly 6 am - while Sherlock spoke on the phone and John listened attentively to whatever Sherlock was saying, one hand firmly grabbing the door handle for support.
In the front of his mind, Sherlock felt the compulsive need to praise John, to tell him how amazing he was, how good he smelled, how sweet the vibration of his vocal cords felt against his eardrums. And in the back of it, he was completely aware of how intense and long this orgasm had been, if John was awake, if his bed had creaked, that it was a cold night, that his legs were trembling, if his heart would ever calm down today.
. He felt the name empty, he couldn't actually explain it, so he discarded the thought almost immediately.
They were at the Yard talking to Lestrade; there was a case the DI hadn’t been able to solve in three weeks. Sherlock solved it in ten minutes; they arrived at the station, talked to Lestrade, read the files about the case, Sherlock talked with John about an idea and soon the doctor was interrogating the prisoner, Sherlock observing every detail of the process.
“Yes. Yeah, I’m fine.” When had he started to pant?
Craig took his laptop and Sherlock checked his watch.
Lestrade noted this and quickly ran to help him out, leaving both laptops inside the pickup. Sherlock seemed drunk. Which John also noted, getting out from the pickup to help Sherlock back on his feet.
had annoyed me. But this time when I touched him something happened in him and in
Before Sherlock could reply, Mycroft started again. "You
"Is that so? Well! My nickname is guinea pig, you know..." she laughed, it was really a lovely voice. Sherlock was impressed with both: the stupid but ice-breaker comment and the soft yet sensual voice. He smirked and she asked, "...what can I do for you, handsome?"
John could barely stifle his laughter to point a finger at Sherlock with the hand holding his glass, almost choking on the liquid. “Don’t you
"It's just a gesture, Sherlock."
But John didn't move, he watched in awe in between their bodies, his own semen was falling slowly from Sherlock's arse and he swallowed, his face lost in thought and realisation.
As he spoke the last word, Sherlock brought John's hand to his neck. The doctor felt how the vein was pumping there. Sherlock's breathing was heavy, both of their light breaths were the only noises in the room.
"It's Armand's" Sherlock answered, tilting the device a little, giving him space to watch the screen as well.
Soon Sherlock was entering the room again, tossing him a wet cloth, he was perfect again and John shook his head,
Everybody turned to look at him.
"A week missed? No clues? This could be fun..." Sherlock spun around the room dramatically to get his laptop and John rolled his eyes at the happy display.
Sherlock took another sample to analyse; Molly was staring at him, mouth agape.
Despite his good mood, he needed a shower, and he knew he needed to think. There were so many things he ought to sort out; Sherlock's words from last night were haunting him, even in dreams.
When John walked out the bathroom he had the first aid kit in his hands. He stopped at the entry of the kitchen, saw the setting on the table, and lifted an eyebrow at Sherlock.
He felt something below his stomach and he knew his pulse had risen quite a bit. It was silly, really, but he had never thought about Sherlock in a sexual context before. He was pretty sure it wasn't normal for a male to imagine his partner – also male – in a sexual situation and get aroused by it. He had seen it
"Oh, don't mind me, Sherlock," John still had this grin all over his face, his shoulders were still shaking lightly, "I was just thinking about something really..." John cleared his throat again as he searched for words.
"Oh yeah, I have to call Molly..." John made a gesture to the DI with his head, taking both of Sherlock's arms and finally making him walk back to his room.
"What do you want to know?" he said, pacing away, this time his walking had slowed down.
“Thermal cameras,” John breathed out. There was a loud, “
"I'm not..." John eyed the kitchen and saw the mess on the table, he moved to clean it up a bit.
"As you may know, Lestrade, and John’s
As his mind went further, he could remember something his ears had actually heard: '
"Hm. Massages. Not really my thing," Sherlock turned back to the photos. He tried to picture John massaging him for a moment and noticed that he certainly didn’t want one. John had never seen the scars that
. He hid his face on his left bicep next to his head and closed his lips tightly when he felt an unintentional moan coming up. His hand slid up to his chest, his mind supplying the needed fuel as he remembered John touching the same spots earlier.
Sherlock snorted. He had thought about telling John about his little experiment, but then something always stopped him; he never talked about his experiments unless they've proven to be successful. The results of his hot line experiment weren't... or were? Since he wasn't even sure, there was no point on bringing it up. He had the answers he needed regarding his own body reactions, and that was enough.
"Hell... no! I mean..." John snorted again and smiled knowingly, "I am being part of an experiment, am I."
Tonight, the deduction had been “
**..**
"Ah... yes." John cleared his throat. "Right."
"I mean… there might be people from the government involved in this, we have to be cautious." Lestrade answered in the same quiet voice.
“Positive!” John shouted back sitting next to her on the bed, “She’s fine but completely knocked out.” He waved a package of pills and tossed them to Sherlock. “Sleeping pills. Found them in the kitchen when I returned. They weren’t there when we arrived.”
For the first time, John Watson took a pillow and punched it against the bed, he strangled it and fought with it until he was panting, throwing it to the floor, picking it up again, he straddled it and strangled it again. Sherlock's grin was plastered over it and he finally hugged it, hiding his face in it, he allowed himself to scream and to cry aloud, his own sounds had him incredibly ashamed but he could care no less about it now. He buried his face in the pillow and fell on his bed again, flat on his stomach, pillow beneath him.
, John!" John smiled and shook his head, Sherlock was talking in
“Wilson is an old man under Martin’s custody now. He’s a friend of Elsie's family and former captain of the New York Police Bureau. He’s tried - and succeeded - in becoming the provider of his nephew’s enemy without giving away his identity.” He smirked at John’s questioning look. “You know what they say: Keep your friends close but your enemies closer...” John opened his mouth to say something but Lestrade was faster on the speaker.
, he just let his mind to fly free for a while. Sherlock's right side was completely pressed to his left one, all the way up starting at the leg to the shoulder. He could feel the movement of the other's hand as he worked on his notebook, deducing the numbers. The doctor tilted his head back, sighed audibly and observed their surroundings. A little spray fell from the sky now, it wasn't intense, but it was enough to make a white noise in the background as it hit the steel container over their heads.
"Mrs. Hudson asked me to, Christine is her friend."
“My back is kinda killing me.” It was a known fact that talking about a common problem - especially if you use enough mannerisms - led to chatting. Chatting leads to distraction. “Hamish is a great therapist. I’ve been in therapy with him for months,” he added as he committed the software to memory, “All day in front of a computer does that to people, don’t you think?”
things when I talked to you, I
"It was too easy."
Sherlock’s hips started moving again, same as before, delicately, just to feel the texture of the soft towel against his skin. He opened his eyes and kept them fixed on the ceiling, his neck no longer tense, his breathing pattern close to panting once more. There was something inexorably surreal about the whole situation. He couldn’t help but remember that time in Uni when he was so far gone with arousal that, even when he had heard one of his teachers going to the bathroom next to his room, he couldn’t stop masturbating for his life.
’ That would look lovely on John’s blog. He could almost see the comments; ‘
John heard the familiar sound of steps on the stairs deep inside his mind. He had gone into a slumber state and he felt too tired to get out of there. There was the common rustle of clothe and then a source of heat next to him, sitting on the sofa.
"I tested them in the lab. Molly can be a great help sometimes..." Sherlock allowed himself a little grin "...not good idea to burn them in a secluded space, though..." it was evident that Sherlock tried to repress a bigger grin now.
"It's four o'clock in the morning."
**..**
It was no surprise when Sherlock appeared from his bedroom with pyjamas and dressing gown on, that was quite the norm. The reddened lips and the little pink spot on his jaw - visible even with the stubble - now
Still supporting himself with one palm over the desk, with the other hand he opened the little laptop, the password screen greeting him. "Forget it, Sherlock. No spaces..." he muttered again as he typed using only his index finger on the keypad. After a few taps, he pressed one last key loudly.
Sherlock turned his torso completely to John, grimacing. He moved slowly, separating their hands and changed to a position where both of his hands were next to John's head, supporting his palms on the back of the sofa. John's eyes snapped open, at the same time Sherlock's narrowed his.
"That felt… bloody amazing." He said still giggling.
received at 13:40.
He released his grip around Sherlock's torso with a tight smile.
"Sorry... what happened at Bart’s?" John cleared his throat.
"I just-" as John was about to respond, they heard slow steps on the stairway and suddenly their ability to move was taken away. Sherlock tore his eyes from John's head to the door, and he felt a rush of panic he had never felt before. The door wasn't locked. A mere push and it would leave them completely exposed.
Sherlock's lips rose a little at the statement. "I am alright."
come any closer,” Sherlock said in a rush, his scratchy voice carrying along the corridor with no fear of the cameras that had been turned off by the Yarders.
There was noise downstairs and Sherlock got to his feet. Abby’s face was down, her eyes fixed to the ground and her stance defeated with tears falling from her eyes. Sherlock held out his palm to John. For a moment John felt like taking it but then he understood what Sherlock wanted and handed over her gun with the handkerchief.
"John."
But still, he allowed Sherlock to touch him. In fact he expected it, when he felt Sherlock's hand moving down his thigh he felt anticipation. He wanted that but was unsure if Sherlock knew what he was doing, but then, when he felt the invasive finger he lost it. And now, most part of his embarrassment was because he was left almost with a feeling of dissatisfaction. He was curious, a lot of
Click. Sudden silence. Another beep from the computer screen.
John cleared his throat and kept his eyes on Sherlock's form. The new relationship they had developed was not shown during cases or in the flat for that matter, except for a few comments from Sherlock and a few teasing from John. The last kiss they shared was that morning in John's bedroom, but the teasing and comments were almost a constant flirting between them, constants stares, smiles and a few touches. Even Lestrade had rolled his eyes a few times at their tension's display, even if he was really used to it by now, only with no such intensity. Surprisingly enough, he didn't say a thing. He had been a witness of their relationship a few times, especially when Sherlock was drugged.
times, John!"
sent at 04:13.
"Good..." She saw the tired expression in the doctor's eyes and with a little smile added, "I'll leave you to rest now," she stroked his upper arm lovingly and paced to the door.
"Good." Sherlock smiled, he knew John was being sarcastic.
He reached for his member which wasn't completely erected, and recalled the previous sensations.
"Oh, there
"Why?" his tone was the same. Surprised.
"I'm here because I want to talk with you." He said, moving his eyes to look at Mrs. Hudson who was listening to the conversation. As soon as she saw the look Mycroft directed to her she turned to John.
He had gotten a call from Lestrade because he needed to find John. Again, he felt the fear of going upstairs, Mrs. Hudson wasn't there. He hid a pepper spray, John was in the flat, he'd felt relief, he had hugged John and then he had kissed John.
"I can't. You know Moriarty is alive. There was no splash of blood, Molly, it's impossible a shot on the head would not leave a pattern behind."
’ It was still hard to believe how mind-palace-Mycroft’s pedantry was even worse than real-life-Mycroft.
"I don't know... I just see Dr. Watson and can't see him... I mean, I'm gay. I'm bi, depending on the woman. But I can tell Dr. Watson is straight. Maybe he was homophobic, but since he was in the army, I doubt it."
"She thought we were-"
“How-!” she exclaimed, her face enraged but her body slowly sinking to the ground as her knees gave way. Her British accent was completely gone from her speech. “I loved her…” she sobbed. “I loved her so much but her father’s business in Chicago took her away from me! If only…” Her sobs started to go into a crescendo and Sherlock knelt down next to her despite John’s sound of warning. Slowly, Sherlock handcuffed her right wrist to her left. Then, with a gesture that could pass as tender, he used a handkerchief to take the gun from her pocket and give it to John, out of her reach. John put the safety back on his gun and put it into the back pocket of his jeans. He put hers safely inside his jacket after checking the safety on that one, too.
“This one,” Rosie pointed to a photograph on her screen that looked awfully similar to the photograph next to her.
“I brought the wireframe of the software we’re going to offer; I uploaded it to my site with that other thing,” Craig whispered as they sat in front of a big desk, his curly hair tickling Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s going to take us 20 minutes – give or take –, if she asks questions maybe more.” He chuckled and added, “You look so weird in glasses.”
But his favourite fantasy was this one: he entered the flat, John would be there in his chair, having a cup of tea and reading a book. Mrs Hudson downstairs wouldn’t have noticed him yet. He’d walk calmly, his heart at ease, he would make sure to look smug, confident. John would lift his head and look at him, then slowly, he’d leave the cup and the book on the floor and get on his bare feet. Bare feet, always bare feet in this fantasy. Perhaps that was his subconscious telling him how comfortable John was in their home. He would walk towards Sherlock with a smile and a frown (how did John’s face do that, even in a fantasy?) and then he’d put one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder (sometimes on his face, or his jaw) and say “Welcome home, I knew it was fake” (sometimes it was “Welcome home, I was waiting for you”) and then Sherlock would answer with a smile and slowly, tentatively, he would get his face closer to John’s shoulder (sometimes he lowered his forehead to John’s, sometimes he breathed against John’s neck) and ask cautiously “Did you miss me?” (Sometimes, according to his current mood or urgency to keep himself alive, it would change to “Please, tell me you missed me” or “Say you missed me” or sometimes a fact “You missed me”) and John would whisper “God, yes” (same answer, always).
Armand giggled shortly. He moved a little to exit the kitchen but he stopped and faced John again.
“Hm? What’s so abnormal about a muscle relaxant?” Yes. Sherlock was clueless, apparently,
"Yes." The detective answered, still his glance over John’s face. "I was just wondering... how can I convince you to massage me again?" Sherlock seemed inquisitive. John's eyes danced along Sherlock's face, surprise was evident on the doctor's face.
The feeling of his duvet felt completely alien and sensuous on his naked back, arse and legs and his hand closed with purpose around the base of his penis for the first time in ages. He started with two slow strokes and grabbed the pillow next to his head to bury his face in it. This time he didn’t want to be aware of his voice.
"Shut up. I just wanted to know if you could still keep your cool after that."
"And I told you Mycroft... it is impossible for them to track the cars to me, I left the cover up to my best men." Phillip had his legs crossed and the teacup in his hand moved from time to time to his lips. He cleared a bit his throat and placed his elbows over his knees, looking intently at the older Holmes' brother "To our men."
"Oh God..." Sherlock inhaled sharply as he heard John's voice in his mind. Mixed feelings flowing inside his body. He shook his head and soon he was fully awake again.
Sherlock was wearing a white T-shirt, a pair of tracksuit bottoms and his camel-coloured dressing gown. He has sat down at the kitchen table with Rosie at some point, polycarbonate slides with samples in front of him, carefully marked with Sharpie (since Rosie, Sherlock never used small glass objects anymore, John could tell), Rosie on his lap and small plates next to each slide. Each one was covered with something: a lemon, ginger root and cinnamon John brought from downstairs, a colourless liquid, rose petals, oregano, grass and some other things John couldn’t identify.
John sighed, he found it troublesome to stand his companion's heavy stare. He waited when Sherlock moved to shrug his shirt off. For his surprise, Sherlock just removed it completely. The detective still had this look on his face, staring down at John, almost expressionless. Sherlock's eyes followed John's every move; his hands on his arm, his eyes that battled internally between the arm in front and the rest of exposed skin. He noted how John
He stopped at the woman's voice, but didn't turn to look.
Chloe and John just shrugged to each other.
"You, Sherlock. I saw your picture at the blog... so I have the idea of Sherlock Holmes appearance... he's a hottie." The guy giggled.
“Yeah. Doesn’t mean I’m gonna do it,” John threw back over his morning paper, his voice also quiet.
"What?"
John lit the fireplace as he waited for the water to boil; he eyed Sherlock then, who was now comfortable in his homey attire; a white shirt, dark trousers and a blue robe covering it all, his bare feet in his slippers.
“…Burden of mine own love's might,” Sherlock said in a whisper, still fondling his still half-erect penis and looking at the ceiling. His eyes closed on their own volition.
A single, silent and almost invisible tear escaped John's eye slowly. He felt like hell.
John predicted what was expected for tomorrow: Sarah and he would apologize to each other; they would say it was only the heat of the moment and everything would be fine again. He knew that.
Sherlock walked to the door and turned to Armand, who was looking at him intently. The detective offered his open hand to the surprised younger man, who took it and shook it firmly, wrapping the offered hand in both of his. Never taking his eyes from the detective's, who had a satisfied smirk all over his face, his eyes wrinkling at the sides.
There was a hand grabbing his hair and throwing his head back roughly, a hot breath over his ear, a presence behind him, fabric touching his bare back.
Molly felt heat going up to her cheeks, she knew she was flushed, but she couldn't help it.
"So, how do we proceed from here?" Lestrade eyed the inside of the questioning room through the blurry window embedded in the door. "He’s crying… well his father has just passed away."
Armand glanced at the floor again, he eyed around the flat, and then to Sherlock once more. He saw how the taller man took the card from the pocket he had saved it before and rubbed it with his right thumb, then he turned it and rubbed the other side. After a couple of seconds, the rest of his fingers started to play with it, passing from between the index and middle finger, between the middle and ring finger, between the ring finger and little finger... Armand observed entranced, he saw the heavy stare Sherlock had over the item, the way he kept on murmuring the numbers. He saw how the long, slender fingers brought the card to his eyes' level, observed the numbers there some more and moved back to the fingers' game.
"It's fine, Sherlock. I'm only worried about you. You know, I think... that even a great mind like yours needs to have some fears. You are capable of feeling after all, but really, I want you to talk to me about it. Are you still troubled about Moriarty? You know, I've had nightmares about the night at the pool, too."
"John... John...!"
Sherlock pressed one and made a gesture to John to tilt his head, he placed the phone between their faces so John could hear as well. Their cheeks and ears were now only separated by the device in between. Soon, a recorded woman's voice could be heard by both of them.
Sherlock opened his eyes and, even only having the light of the kitchen, saw the proof that John had been in the bathroom this morning, the facts as clear as a film in his eyes: John taking a shower, his towel around his hips as he shaved, brushing his teeth, taking his towel off and leaving it hanging right there, and had walked nude – passing close to the frosted door to Sherlock’s room – and crouched a bit to retrieve his pants from above the toilet lid.
his pulse on his lips. At the same time, John moved his open palms to Sherlock’s chest and rubbed hard on his pectorals.
Sherlock snorted, the fist over John's jumper was gripping some of the fabric in a tight clench. "I told you before, John. It is... incredibly soothing." John smiled at Sherlock's repeated answer.
"Oh, shut up, John. It wasn't you the one who found it after all."
With his thumbs he massaged his nape and pressed his fingertips below his jaw, wavering with slow movements. He heard a soft deep moan when he made a little pressure. Then, he moved tentatively his fingers to Sherlock's collarbones, pressing lightly. After that, he moved his hands back to the shoulder blades. He made more pressure there and was rewarded with another deep moan-like sound. After that, John felt as his hands and arms had life on their own. Still with a faint pressure, he moved them to a spot near the small of the back and pressed his knuckles there, hard. Sherlock cried out, the sound was muffled with the pillow and John pressed there again, this time harder. He heard Sherlock cry again, and he could catch the words
He pulled his fingers out and noticed he was even harder than before. With a sigh, he stroked his erection, silent moans making their way out from his throat as he did, Sherlock's images all over his eyes, the voice, the smell, the taste, the warmth, the soft lips, the wet tongue... it was over sooner than usual.
Two! That was lovely! Sherlock's face lit up, his lips curved in a smile. His thumb moved frantically over the phone.
"Sherlock," he said "I'll be right back." John stood up and Sherlock followed his movements with his eyes, then he faked a pout on his face. John laughed at his childish manner and told him, rolling his eyes "loo".
"‘The moment I met you I saw that you were quite unconscious of what you really are, what you really might
friend. Red evil-John answered back that it didn't matter, since Sherlock started it so he was at fault as well. Yes, but still it was
Sherlock pressed one. If he was to ask for information, chances were higher with a younger girl.
"John?" Sherlock shook his head as he woke up, a little snore escaping his lips and nose. John couldn't help but smile.
Having seen it all, John touched the gun at the back of his jeans, checking it was still there even though he felt it against his skin, and walked to the bathroom where Sherlock was still looking at his phone with a frown. The bluish light made his cheekbones stand out. He looked young even though his eyes revealed lines and creases that weren’t there before and which John had been noticing far more often than usual. For some reason, John’s heart gave a little twist.
"Sherlock. I am going to leave."
“I’m not…” John breathed through his laughter as it slowly died down and they composed themselves. He put the glass on the table as he casually added, “I’m not touching your brother like
He stopped to listen.
"What do you have for me, Lestrade?" Sherlock was calmed, cheerful even.
Sent at 5:08
"Sherlock...!" Trying to make Sherlock focus, he took the detective's face, placing both hands on his cheeks and he made him to look at him. "Sherlock. I am going to be your hands and eyes for this. So I need you to trust me. Okay?" The man in front just frowned at him. Sherlock tilted his head a little, confused, trying to focus his eyes on John's.
I can. I hope I can share what his father left for her, even though she hates  him. He really wanted the best for her although he was ignorant of his daughter’s happiness. We fought over that so many times, him being a criminal and me in the force.” He shook his head and turned to Sherlock. “You’ve become a good man, my old friend. I hope we can stay in touch, I barely have anybody to talk to. How’s Martha?”
"Diogenes, he's going to see Mycroft... now why?"
... then I would like to map your neck with my lips and run my hands lower and..."
"Shhh... just..." a sigh, "let me find the right words. I don't have them."
“Ha! Yeah, so was mine. How did you check the flat?”
. He knew Mycroft was scanning him, the same reading his brother does... he was so used to it already that it was a familiar feeling by now.
"Want me to wake you up?"
“Look at Slaney’s Spa’s logo.” Sherlock handed John another photo of the logo in question; a vector image that somehow fitted Elsie Patrick’s profile; her hair and sculpted nose, and in a red circle (Sherlock’s handy work), there was the drawing of a stick man holding a little triangular flag with the initials
"John?"
"Please."
“What?” Sherlock looked up, feigning offense.
"Whoo-hoo!" Mrs. Hudson called quietly in a high pitched voice, entering the flat with a tray in her hand. Mycroft was walking behind her, chatting friendly with the old lady and gentlemanly carrying a couple of her bags from the grocery store.
Third, he was going to talk to Mycroft. Today or tomorrow. But it was third. He needed to know more and Mycroft was going to tell him, he was going to give him answers, he was going to be clear but before that, he needed to re read articles from Kitty Riley, from before and after Sherlock's death.
“That’s right, Watson. Ginger lotion had some unidentified grass in it.” Sherlock nodded solemnly. Rosie mirrored the head movement. Her face was also very serious. “Sensitive children tend to have strong reactions to simple and known scents, whereas an adults’ reaction to scents is usually far-fetched.”
“Can’t tell you, John. Your opinion is going to be predisposed by my theories. I’ll need a fresh canvas later.” Sherlock winked at him and then added, “But I did tell you the first case was in America, in 2008. I’m sure you can deduce where Elsie was living at the time?” Sherlock sat back on the edge of the bathtub and looked at John with a raised eyebrow.
"Mm-hmm..." Sherlock was absorbed by the microscope in front again. John sighed and walked past Sherlock, to the bathroom.
Again, there was no need for unnecessary words or actions.
"Good!" he exclaimed nodding approvingly. A smile crossed James' features as he watched one of the once blank monitors in front now showing the inside of 221b, there was the door, an arm chair with the Union Jack cushion and a piece of a leather chair in front. "I like that leather chair..." he purred with a sigh. He knew his plan was running smoothly. A blonde woman grinned to the camera, waved and mouthed the word
“Can you tell us what you’re looking for?” Craig asked. “We brought some standards for you to look at, but Billy here and I would really like to serve your company well, if you let us work for you.”
“Borking,” Rosie answered, her face solemn and her eyes never leaving her phone.
he thought with an amazed smile.
"That thing?" John asked, yelling back, crossing his arms over his chest.
"What is wrong with him?" Lestrade asked to John as they saw how Sherlock tried hard to focus his eyes on them.
"Italy, consider the information as a little gift."
"Sherlock, take the rest of your shirt off. I can't massage your shoulders with this." He said grabbing the piece of fabric between his thumbs and index. He was tempted to remove it himself, but he didn't want to add the extra tension to the current situation.
“You gonna find the papers for the VIP subscription in the reception, William.”
“Oh good!” She continued to speak on her way upstairs. “I thought you were going to take longer with my commission? How did you get here after Elsie’s? I didn’t see your car downstairs. Is Sidney there with you?”
He opened the door and was rewarded with John's silhouette under the duvet, he was sleeping on his right facing the door.
“He does?” John was still processing everything. He was deeply shocked, even though the knowledge wasn’t exactly new.
"Oh for God's sake..." Sherlock whispered "as always! You see but you do
Sherlock sighed. There he was, on his back, his arms at his sides, an erection tenting a towel around his hips, back and legs completely melted thanks to John’s hands and John right there, looking at his face.
"I thought sex was about your partner's pleasure as well..." Sherlock said with a grin.
God, he loved the man. He let himself be lead, Sherlock was right; Sherlock could do anything to him and he would never say no. Sherlock was right to be afraid. But John allowed himself do it because he trusted Sherlock with his life, and he knew it was the other way around.
! You know... he's telling her off now. Maybe he's reciting her whole life, who knows. She will back up and run away eventually... just you wait." John smiled at that. His mind replayed another moment, almost when they were just meeting
John snorted "If I liked it... well you certainly took me by surprise with that thing... with your..." he cleared his throat, "...finger."
on top of all that.
It was true he wanted to be touched by John's hands, it was also true his body's quick and strong reactions when it was about John. It was true about the phone experiment that proved his arousal state being null when there was this lack of...
"I believe you, John. So what's the point? You already made me watch those little... creepy clips- You were really fond of those last year... remember the cat you made me watch twelve times?" Sherlock asked with a snort.
and damn he was right, especially now, when Sherlock was being so damn
"Hello..." Sherlock said in a very deep and sensual tone. John's eyes snapped wide, he clenched his jaw as he felt the hot breath over his cheek. Sherlock continued, "I was wondering if I could have uh... an exotic fantasy?" now a silent little giggle was coming from the doctor. He never thought he would hear Sherlock say something like that. Of course he was aware it was a case and it was necessary. And Sherlock would do anything to solve a case. Hell, he had even seen him even having a cry when trying to get into Irene Adler's house.
"Are you-? Wait, why are we even talking about this..." John tried to sound curious and cool there, almost defiantly.
“Thank you.” John was already in the kitchen reheating the food and closing the windows. “Oh, I’m starving. How was your day?”
