He glanced at the headline of the article: The Squad: far right extremist group said to be gaining popularity with some ex-military.
Will: “Look, I think he’s promising… I like the way he thinks. I get the feeling he’s not happy just sitting around watching the nation turn to shit. I’m bringing him in for a bit of shooting so we can see what he can do.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. Been a long a one, though. Learned a bit about what they’re up to. Combat training and shooting practice at a place out of town. Were you able to get the coordinates from the GPS?”
—Not sure, could’ve been the chief superintendent. Why?
I was at a loss. "John... " I began.
“Not at all. I was able to deduce the nature of his request based on your background, John, and his likely target group of potential terrorists. Where else could he find a trustworthy individual experienced with combat and firearms yet not directly affiliated with the police or the government to present as a believable candidate for the dubious honor of becoming his informant.”
“Ok, Sherlock, Iʼm the second person this hour to tell you to just shut it. It is blatantly obvious that youʼre worried. Look, I know what John means to you, itʼs got to be a bit tough to see him walking into this one. But he wants to be useful! Think of it: heʼs been out of the service for a while now, doing locum work and being your assistant. So stop sulking and support him in this one, ok?”
I laughed at this. “You have not seen roaches until you’ve seen the inside of a crack house, John. These can’t compare, not even close.”
“Sherlock, I’m actually okay. They were downright restrained considering how pissed off they were.”
Sally Donavan launched into her discourse with some energy, as if expecting me to argue.
“Well? You like it? He grinned weakly. “Time to grow a beard?”
“So, Lestrade, what do you know about this illustrious group of reprobates?
I rolled my eyes. “See that you do. And John?”
“Oh, right, that. He thinks I’ve gone rogue. Said I’ve gone over to their side.”
Damnit. Well, I told John I would do it for his sake, so I supposed I should get dressed… and then another text came through:
“You want to do this, then? You think it will protect your position with them, John?” When he nodded, I sighed. “As you wish, then. I suppose we won’t have to spend too much time coming up with something to fight about, God knows we have plenty of material to work with.”
“Come John, if we take this to the shower we can accomplish two things at once. Unless of course you want to eat first.”
He did not look up, contemplating his response.  Finally he spoke.
—Call me when you get in. SH
The GPS took me to a forsaken area outside a run-down industrial park with a number of large hangers, formerly storage for large machinery. I took my place in a copse of dense thickets at a discreet distance from where the men were gathering. Pulling out my binoculars I saw an area clearly set up for target practice. I was too far to hear the conversations, but close enough to have a plain view. When John emerged from an SUV I tracked his movements closely. it being a day with a damp chill, he was wearing his black jacket and leather gloves which he removed in preparation for positioning himself to shoot. Will drew Jack over and introduced him to John, who nodded and shook his hand. Jack’s stance was clearly challenging, his body language that of one accustomed to dominating the group. He barked something at John, who stood army-straight, nodded again, and commenced to shoot.
“Sherlock, we’ve been monitoring these individuals for some time, particularly Jack Davies. While serving in Her Majesty’s forces, his views on other races got him removed from the service since he could not tolerate being given orders by anyone whose skin was darker than his. Given this group’s antipathy towards immigration and their rose-colored nostalgia for the good old days of the British empire, we can assume their target or targets will be related to their sense of grievance. That narrows it down somewhat.”
So today was the day they would be at their clandestine shooting range, and John would meet Jack. I considered my choice of disguises, something very unlike my usual attire so I could follow at a safe distance while remaining ‘under the radar.’ I would need to be mobile and quick, so I pulled out my old leather gear and made the arrangements (at exorbitant expense, I might add) to rent a motorcycle. With the GPS in John’s boot I would not have to follow too closely and with the bike I could catch up with ease once they had landed.
As I approached 221B I noted the knocker had been straightened, which could only mean one thing.  Mycroft. I sighed and entered. He looked up from where he was seated (in MY chair, of course) and nodded a greeting.
How like Mycroft to ascribe lofty motives to his subterfuge.
He gave me a genuine chuckle. “You are really quite sure of yourself, aren’t you?  What makes you think that all it takes to seduce me is a cup of tea?”
Mycroft examined his hands, folded in his lap. I waited. I was not done yet.
I leaned back and put my hands together. My mind was whirring.
In those same emails, the commissioner expressed concerns that “alt-right” extremist groups were possibly beginning to infiltrate the ranks of the Yard itself. He charged MacDougal with looking into this, ensuring the integrity of their own personnel. MacDougal downplayed this possibility, assuring the commissioner of the reliability of his subordinates.
I pocketed my phone. Ah yes. The chief superintendent who was familiar with John’s right hook, courtesy of their altercation the night I was arrested. Mycroft had pulled some significant strings to get John off serious charges - although the ineptitude of the officers who allowed me to take John “hostage” also influenced the outcome. But safe to assume the chief superintendent had neither forgiven nor forgotten. He saw a chance to put John at risk and he used it, put John's name forward as the perfect man for the job. All the while looking like he was being oh-so-helpful. Maybe he even hoped John would go rogue so he could finally 'nail' him, to use the vernacular.
As they were wrapping up a dart game one night, Will remarked on John’s skill  (or, being a “lucky bastard,” as Will put it) and the talk turned to skill of another sort, with firearms. The conversation turned into a veritable festival of bragging about unlikely feats of accuracy and skill, and I could see John joining in with some real gusto. He always did like his gun and being a natural crack shot, he knew his weaponry. That was how the assignation was made to go to a clandestine shooting range somewhere on the outskirts of an industrial park to do some target practice. I slipped out and returned to the flat, waiting for John to make his slightly inebriated way home to see if I could tell how all of this was affecting him.
“I already told John he is under no circumstances to allow himself to be dragged into this. And that was before I even knew what you were dragging him into. But seeing this headline, it was immediately obvious what you wanted.”
“You know there was a fracas at the Black Dog’s Bone this week.”
“Look, Sherlock, if anyone can figure this one out, you can. I can keep a discreet eye on what is happening here, but I’m not privy to MacDougal’s planning. I’ll see if I can ask around. Discreetly.”
—The mattress is lumpy and I think I have roaches here. Will need to fumigate my stuff when I get home.
“So… where do we start? How do we 'hash this out', as you put it?”
He looked devastated and I could not bear to see his face. I turned abruptly and stormed off. I wanted to text him immediately, as soon as I was out of sight, to reassure him that I meant none of it, to beg forgiveness (ah, there was a surprise, I actually felt it badly, kept thinking of his face). But I did not want to text too soon, let him get out of the range of the witnesses at the cafe and the girl with her mobile so that his relief would not be a matter of public record.
“Just what the hell do you think you’re doing, I’m not bloody well going anywhere with you… Shit, where are you taking me!” all of which served only to goad MacDougal further.
Will noticed an old copy of the Daily Mail and picked it up.
“Sally, get out, you don’t need to be here.”
“Ok, you’re not wrong Sherlock, I just think we need to set that aside and think about this. He has a point, and a public fight could help my storyline with the gang.”
Underneath was a large photograph from the Black Dog’s Bone. John, seated and smiling a strange, uncomfortable grimace, his head tilted to the side, away from a woman in his lap with one dainty arm around his neck, kissing his cheek, her other small hand on his lower abdomen. I enlarged the picture on the screen. A close look at the front of his jeans made it clear that he was not entirely unaffected by her attentions, whether wanted or not. And his arm encircling her waist ended up entirely too close to her ample breasts. He was physically turned on but likely not enjoying it. My John. I could have wept if I weren’t so enraged.
“Ok…um… well, this girl comes up while I was with the lads, we’d had quite a few at that point, and anyway…” he drew a shaky breath, looking embarrassed and ashamed, “She jumped in my lap and grabbed me. You know.  Grabbed my cock. I had to pull her hand off, but I don’t know, I just… didn’t want to make a big deal of it in front of the guys, I guess I just reached a limit with all their digs about gays, I just wanted out of there!”
Why would the commissioner think of John when looking for someone to exploit to the department’s advantage? They barely knew each other. It did not sit well. There had been a shake up at New Scotland Yard since my “death” and reinstatement, but a lot of the old players remained. My redemption had eased my way back through the door but hard feelings remained. There were those who no doubt would not want to miss a chance to cause trouble for me, and by extension, John.  I texted Lestrade.
He grinned. “Oh yeah? Prove it!”
“Youʼre gonna have to play this one really carefully, mate. These guys are not going to fill out a questionnaire about their hobbies and theyʼre not going to like anyone asking.”
If I were not already in a panic I may have admired Lestrade’s skill in maneuvering through the traffic at high speed. Between Sally’s reports and Mycroft’s people, no doubt the bomb squad was assembling at both addresses. As we pulled up, lights were flashing outside the tube station and people were pouring out, already in the process of evacuation. Further down, more lights, and people being evicted from an office building. That would be the immigration offices.
“You may believe, John, that I don’t understand any of it, what you lost when you were sent back home. But I saw the way you joked around with those men, I saw that you knew how to do that… even in a group of renegades like these, you knew how to command their respect. The army was a particular culture that suited you, I can see that, and I know it cost you a lot when you were cast out and sent back here… with no particular purpose left in life. Over there you’d had your command and the admiration of your men. And now…”
“Sherlock. Talk to me.”
“He punched you, you buckled over, he grabbed your hair and pulled your head back and said something to you that I could not hear!”  I was furious all over again.
Alright, then. We were getting somewhere. I prodded a bit more. I knew he was not done with his shouting yet.
My mobile rang shortly thereafter and I closed my eyes with a deep sigh of relief when I heard his voice.
That makes it an interesting activity when I am stalking John, something I do regularly for amusement when I have a slow day and feel bored with the world. I would expect it to be easy to follow him, given how well we know each other (and the fact that he is quite outmatched on the intellectual front) but he manages to be unpredictable at intervals and in situations that are themselves unpredictable. Interesting. I continue to analyze his patterns and while some are patently obvious, others continue to surprise me.
“So.” I slid out of my coat and took the other seat in front of Lestradeʼs desk. “How much do we know about The Squad, as they call themselves.”
He looked at me, eyes narrowing. “You’re scared. That’s what this is all about. You’re scared and you want me safe at home, never mind all the times you have taken off on some secret errand while I tried not to lose my mind because I could not reach you and did not know where you were. Well, you’re just going to have to live with it.”  He stood up, squared off directly in front of me, no longer seething but instead determined, looking me in the eyes. Not blinking.
“Well, look, I just wanted to say… should’ve said it a long time ago. But anyway… Holmes, I was wrong about you. About as wrong as I have ever been about a person. So I just wanted say, well, I am sorry. I made a right idiot of myself. It’s no fun recognizing that there was a lot of fallout from that, for you guys and for everyone involved. So there I’ve said it, go ahead and tell me what an arsehole I am. I already know it.”
I threw my copy of the Guardian at him.
He ran both hands over his face, straightened and stretched his shoulders, and gave a sigh.
“Well, Sherlock? Is there something we need to discuss or are you here to merely vent your spleen?”
“What’s this?” He exclaimed in mock surprise. “John Watson, in such good company.” As the officer holding him swung him around to face MacDougal, John stared back at him, looking grimly resigned to his fate. MacDougal looked to another officer who had followed him over. “Owens, you’ve got your area car around the corner I believe?” Owens nodded, and MacDougal said, “We’ll be taking Watson with us,” at which point John, clearly recognizing what was coming, dug in his heels and began to protest loudly.
“Yeah, well, let’s just hope these boys are somewhat observant too.”
“I’m not moving until the paracetamol takes hold and I have some caffeine in me. I’ll be right here when you get back.”
Oh, I don’t know about that, John,” I drawled, “Some of them have good instincts. They are just limited in their thinking. And they were played by Moriarty, the master manipulator. I rather think they were more wrong about you than about me.”
We were at the top of the stairs when the building exploded.
“Mycroft going forward from here in regards to any plans you make that affect John, you will inform me prior to taking action. You will now give me all the information you have from your various surveillance devices and you will keep me informed as to all future developments. Am I making myself perfectly clear?”
Mycroft’s face did that peculiar thing it does when he is forced to admit an error, a strained twisting to the side as if he is being forced to mimic an unnatural expression.
Standing in Lestrade’s office later that day, I watched rain drip down the window. I’d been home and made myself appear civilized again, and now was contemplating how to proceed. I turned to Lestrade.
I put our food on the bedside table. “When do you leave?”
Mycroft was right, although I would not be telling him that any time soon. This group did bear watching.
“Let us wait until the good doctor gets here. I have come to discuss something that involves you both.”
“Not sure yet. But don’t worry, you'll know where I am.  I’ll be sure to wear my army boots.”
His brow furrowed at that. “Nope, staying right here. Some butterfly bandaids will work fine after I’m done with this ice.” He grimaced, looking at the towel which now showed blood, and put the ice back on his face.
The car had made its way back to Baker Street and I was more than ready to be released from the claustrophobic interior. As I opened the door and stepped out I turned to issue one last statement.
His hands were on my forearms, but not pulling me off. I turned his face up towards me a bit and looked into his open, deep blue stare. No barriers, no hesitation, even after being subjected to an evening of verbal challenge and abuse. He had long ago resolved his own doubts and once committed, was fully committed.  My John, undaunted. I stepped back and murmured “Oh, I’ve got plans for you. Go take your clothes off.”
It was late afternoon when I returned to Baker Street. I set my mind to the task of hacking MacDougal’s official email account, something long overdue. I found numerous exchanges with the Commissioner about the Squad, including MacDougal’s initial suggestion that John would make a good candidate to infiltrate - “in spite of being a medical doctor, he is a bit of a ruffian. But he’s a former soldier, he’s bright, and not one to back down from a fight,” he said. (All of that true, well done MacDougal.)
He got there first. He was sitting on a bench at the end of the pier, leaning forward, elbows on his knees looking down at the water. I approached cautiously, trying to gage his state of mind, trying to figure out just how much damage needed to be undone.
“So. Are you quite pleased with your latest conquest, John?”
This was not the way I thought it would end, with John stronger and surer than ever, and with a feeling that there were unfathomable depths to my feelings for him yet to be explored. I thought about our years ahead and his ability to surprise me, still.  But for his presence, my life would have been a hollow shadow of what I now experienced and I could sense the great adventures that awaited us in our future. The notion that we would be living it out together created a universe of possibilities that I would not have imagined before. As John turned to me, he nodded, serious and composed, ready for the job ahead of him, and together we went down those stairs to face the press.
“Ok Sherlock, you asked me to keep my ears open to any Yard member who might be influenced by a group like the Squad. Sally has something you want to hear.”
“Stop it, John. Don’t waste our time. We’re both crap partners, if you want the truth, so let’s just agree that we were made for each other. But why all the flirting last night, you knew exactly what you were doing.” I thought for a moment. Added, “This is about Mycroft, isn’t it. His offer. Wanting you to work for him on an issue of ‘national importance’ as he put it. My answer is still no.”
As I walked into the Visitor’s Room, Mycroft had already pulled up the feed to Jack Davies’ office on his laptop. The video revealed a conversation regarding technical details of materials and personnel. John appeared to be stationed by the door, armed with a Glock - not his usual piece, but effective.
John and I looked at each other in silence for a few moments after he had left. I got up and paced restlessly.
“Ah, I see this has caught your attention as well. In that case I am sure I don’t have to explain to you how important it is that we, shall we say, keep tabs on what they are up to? This particular group seems to have some rather… unsavory… ambitions.”
“Alright. Good. One less thing to worry about. I take it Mycroft’s attorney was useful.”
“I don’t know how you weather these things, Sherlock. I want to slug someone pretty much every time I walk through that door and see those guilty looks. They were just so damned smug, so self righteous, so sure they were right about you. When they could not have been more wrong.”
“Oh, brother mine, I think you know I am capable of wreaking havoc with your little operation. You know me well enough to know that I care about John far more than I care about you completing this investigation. I could care less if this group of thugs blows up Parliament AND Saint Paul’s in one fell swoop and I am perfectly capable of kidnapping John myself if I need to, to get him out of this.”
I stood.
John looked up sharply, clearly wondering if I was mocking him. He must have been reassured by the expression on my face, since he began with an apology.
“Ah, ok then… I guess. At least we have that cleared up. So… are you going to tell me about ‘normal’ now? I can’t wait.” He was chuckling now, leaning in to stoke the fire. “And what prompted you to share this insight about my character at this particular moment?”
Clearly John was being drawn in further. I needed more data to assess his situation. I picked up my mobile again
I knew then that I had lost this round. Have I mentioned that he is stubborn?
“Sherlock, I know I owe you one. A big one, after what you went through with the Yard. And I consider John a friend, a good friend, never mind his bad temper and PTSD…”
I felt as if I were under water. I tried to draw a deeper breath but could not get past the knot in my chest. John looked a bit worried.
I walked around to the the front of his desk where I leaned over, placing my hands on his desk, and glared. “That. Is. Not. What. Happened. Here.”  I straightened up. “You know MacDougal and you know what is really happening Lestrade, even if it is inconvenient to acknowledge it. And we have a serious problem here. John is caught between the Squad, a group of armed hooligans who are beginning to trust him, and MacDougal, who after putting his name forward for the job has suddenly decided not to trust him. He is now at risk from both sides, Lestrade, are you too dense to fully comprehend the implications of that!”
I began to nibble on his ear, sliding my hand under his jumper, and he began to uncoil, turning his face to me, finding my lips.  By the time we were sliding down on the rug together, absorbing the warmth of the flames, the tension vibrating through my very being finally began to subside, replaced by a liquid heat. I was at last able to breathe. As long as I could cover him with my body, as long as I had the physical reassurance of mapping every inch of him, I could breathe.  Not logical but true, and I realized perhaps for the first time just how much of my own sanity and well-being had become tied up with his.  We were together, we were safe. For now. As long I could hold him, no harm would come to him this night. And I could breathe.
It should come as a surprise to no one that I am a first-rate stalker. I have an eye for the subtle shifts that indicate the moods of my subject, an ability to put technology to my own uses, and a memory for behavior patterns that predict my subjectʼs future intentions. In short, my methods allow me to predict what my subject is going to do often before he himself knows.
His first sound was a groan, and he reached up to cover his eyes. “Christ my head is pounding. Any paracetamol in the kit?”
So I was still asleep when Mycroft’s text came though shortly after noon.  I sat up, reaching for my phone, realizing that John had long since arisen and gone about whatever his business for the morning happened to be. I opened the phone to find:
Even the Diogenes is practicing social distancing, as well they might given that the average age of their members is approximately, oh, beyond the pale and back again. Really, a dinosaur’s graveyard has younger bones than the ones propping up copies of The Financial Times in the reading room. I strode past them, down carpeted hallways, not removing my mask until I was in the visitors lounge where my venerable sibling was having tea. I decided not to waste any time.
But the GPS signal was not exactly aligned with the Station. I ran at breakneck speed to the site of the immigration offices closely followed by Lestrade and Donovan, but the GPS signal was centered even further down the road.
—Good call.
“We need more than booze for celebrating, boys,” Will exclaimed. “How about some nice young ladies to keep us company? Oh, that’s right Johnny, you’d rather the company of that posh boyfriend of yours… except…” (and here he waved the page with the infamous picture of John and the girl) “Awwww, look at this, I am so so sorry! He kicked you out.” They all laughed, including John, but his eyes grew narrow.
When I arrived at the Yard, Lestrade hunched over his computer, immersed in the bureaucratic trivia of his job. As I took a seat in front of his desk, he rose without a word to me and stuck his head out his office door.
It being a mild day, I decided to walk back to Baker Street, taking my time and giving myself a chance to ruminate over the meeting in Lestrade’s office. I realized something about the conversation was nagging at my mind. As I replayed it in my head, it stood out: the commissioner. Lestrade had mentioned the commissioner. He would have been the one to contact Mycroft. The commissioner wanted to see if John was available to infiltrate the gang.
“Let’s get you inside, we don’t want to be seen out here.”
And the timer kept ticking down. Less than 2 minutes remained. John looked at Sally and rasped,
“Boys I hate to interrupt but Sergeant Donovan is here to see you.”
The relief came when he showed up early the next morning. Still angry. Stubborn. But present and wanting to “hash things out,” as he put it although I’m not sure even he knew what that meant or how to go about it. His sister likely pushed him into it. God bless Harry.
— Please. SH
“Going forward from here, Sally, you are the officer who helped save my John’s life at great risk to your own. That is all I need. To dwell on the past would be the most futile waste of energy I can imagine.”
“Was it worth it, John? Everything it cost you to stop those thugs?”
“If you come with me, I think I can make it up to you.”
I snickered as well and Mycroft again rolled his eyes. “I would advise you both to take this seriously. Any cracks in his story” (Mycroft glared at me) “and John will be in greater danger. You and he will stage a fight, a very public fight, perhaps in a coffee shop where you will have plenty of witnesses and one of my operatives can be present to get a video on her mobile. She will then post it to her Instagram account and to YouTube where it will no doubt, ‘go viral’ as they say. So make it a good one.  After the fight, John will go stay in a bedsit we have arranged. And you, Sherlock, will need to keep your distance, no more sneaking behind his back to follow his every move.
“My operatives bugged his flat some time ago, John, so we have been keeping tabs.” (He gave this pronouncement In his most practiced reassuring tone, and combined with the use of John’s first name I gathered he was moving in for the strike now.) “We learned that he is interested in you, John, based on the reports from his men but continues to harbour a number of suspicions about your connection with Sherlock. We need to somehow convince him that the two of your are ‘on the outs’ with each other, permanently.  It must be public knowledge and he must believe it.”
But that was not to be.
“I want you to consider what you are taking on, carefully and thoroughly. I can’t lose you John Watson.”
I sagged a bit, and realized I could not endure not seeing John for one more minute. I had to know he was breathing and would mend.
I drew him in closely, stroking him and whispering my reassurances in his ear. And then told him three inventive ways I planned to torture Mycroft before killing him slowly. John laughed, finally, at that, pulled back and asked, “ok but why Mycroft?”
“Thank you for that brilliant summation, doctor! Very impressive!” I was still angry, done with his tendency to make jokes and deny the pain of it. As he so often did. If he thought he could placate me to avoid dealing with what he had been through, what we both had been through, he was much mistaken. But then he closed his eyes, and turned his head away and I could see every line on his weathered face deepen in despair.
—TONIGHT IS IT  2 TARGETS ELIJAH COOKE IMMIGRATION SERVICES OFFCE AND TUBE STA
—Are you alright? SH
“John?” He had to be here. We were right on top of the signal. There was a stairway going down on our right and I heard a movement.
—Sometimes I wonder why you havent had me microchipped you git
He, however, was overburdened with a harsh Catholic conscience, so I learned to speak of grievance and pardon but I learned that foreign tongue only to accommodate him. And truly I wished I could excise that particular way of thinking from his mind, he would breathe easier without it. But that way of thinking, that sense of responsibility and tendency toward masochistic self sacrifice was so much a part of him, I suppose I would not recognize him without it. And, to be completely honest, it worked in my favor so many times when I needed him that I am not sure we would work as a couple without it.
That left the question: who had tipped off Davies and enabled him to avoid being caught in the act of planning a bombing? Given the propensities of some of the more extreme Yard members, I could not write off the possibility that one or two of them were members of an alt-right group, or at the very least sympathizers.  Of greater urgency was the recognition that if the informant was indeed a member of Scotland Yard, that person would also likely know that John was working for the government.
“John, what would you call that if it were reversed - if a man did that to a woman?”
“So do we have the gist of their plan yet, brother dear?”
“Hey.” He said fondly, softly. “I’m okay.”
I moved to the window and thought for a moment, looking out.
“Now wait a minute Sherlock, the word is that John was resisting arrest. Last time that happened, he almost broke the Chief Super’s nose.”
“Weʼve been hearing some rumbling since the street demonstrations heated up. Rumors that right wingers, some kind of militant group, were responsible for the smashed windows and rock-throwing. Best we could tell, this was an informal alliance on the part of some pissed-off whingers from all over London and here-abouts. But more recently, some intel is that they are getting more serious, looking to acquire arms and explosives. Some dissatisfied vets getting involved. And a couple of guys come over from Dublin. Thatʼs upped the ante a bit, as you can imagine. The commissioner is getting nervous, wanted to see what kind of info MI5 could offer, given the arms connection. And that led around to him seeing if John here was a possible candidate to infiltrate.”
So. I made the tea and got the biscuits, since he would need those signals that he was welcome back home even if he was not ready to listen to those words. He sat in his chair looking down, looking defeated. I brought him his tea.
Once there, I tolerated the process of the medical exam as well as I was able in order to get through it as quickly as possible. When I could wait no longer, I informed the staff at the A&E that I would be leaving shortly; they’d had plenty of time to take my vital signs and clearly I was, for the record, “oriented and alert.” I rinsed off as well as I was able in the nearest rest room and as I was signing myself out (against medical advice, irrelevant), Mycroft appeared at the entrance and approached to let me know that John was in radiology for x-rays.
The next day dawned with a dismal grey light and the sound of rain. I had slept lightly and when I opened my eyes, John was snoring quietly. We had fallen asleep fully dressed, and he smelled of blood and sweat. I was wearing my homeless outfit and smelled even worse. Suddenly a wave of longing for Baker Street washed over me, of wishing we could go home and make tea and watch telly while waiting for Mrs. Hudson to bring up some scones. Sentiment. As always, so incredibly useless. Particularly while we were suspended in this damp limbo of a room and John was immersed in a labyrinth of lies and malice, a place where violent imaginings were coalescing into real world plans designed to bring needless destruction. He stirred and I worked my arm out from under him and flexed my hand to bring back some circulation.
Initially, it was routine; the lads prodding John, the newcomer, to find out who he was and what he was about, the predictable jokes about our relationship and his ‘manhood’ based on what they had seen in the tabloids, with John putting on a good front as an angry, irritable tosser and flirting with every woman who gave him a second look. (And we would most definitely be discussing that later whether he wanted to or not.) Come to think of it, maybe it was not so much a front as it was a regression to his former self, the John I first met, disillusioned and looking for any way he could find to feel something other than anger and defeat.
“He’s been reprimanded for rough behavior with suspects. More than once.” Lestrade was thoughtful. “So we’re wondering how reliable is his loyalty to the Yard.”
“Alright, alright, far be it for me to tell you youʼve got issues! Just... give him a little support, ok? He doesnʼt need to have his feet kicked out from under him in the middle of this.”
“I fear you give your soldier too little credit, Sherlock. He did, after all, survive Afghanistan.”
A work in process. I will post as often as I can!
John laughed. “Yeah, I know. But the truth is you wouldn't miss it for the world, you tosser! No, I wouldn't expect you to bow out of something like this. Not just when it's getting exciting.” He moved in closer, grabbing my shoulders and turning me to face him. “I know you're not going to skip out on the fun, we both know how you love the drama!” Affectionate. Teasing.
“Yeah, heard about that one.” He leaned back in his chair. “I know John was involved and got a bit banged up in the process.”
As I watched him sleep I realized I would not be drifting off myself, and went out to retrieve my violin. The composition I was working on was giving me trouble, a particular passage that just would not flow. I did not rejoin John in bed until nearly 4am.
We sat and ate without dressing, and I counted up every bruise revealed on his skin. I speculated about the ways I could make MacDougal pay for each and every injury. I am not a good person, much as John persists in believing otherwise. And I have a powerful imagination.
“Alright, what is it this time brother dear?”
Stubborn. I decided to save my energy for figuring out how best to track him as he recklessly wanders into the lion’s den. He came and sat on the coffee table, facing me.
Very few minutes had passed before the large black car pulled up to Baker Street. I slid inside and the driver closed the door. I stared at Mycroft, saying nothing.  He recognized the impending explosion and only raised a quizzical eyebrow.
“Hmmm. Or else, what?”
“I don’t suppose you have any extra clean pants here, do you John?”
“No need to guess, it is obvious that you had three pints, played darts, and endured approximately three hours of particularly vile homophobic slurs while pretending to laugh at racist jokes and discussions of conspiracy theories, all the while acting as if you, like them, were fed up with the majority of this administration’s policies and ready to do something about it.  So did you make some new friends tonight, John?”
“I got a text from Jack while you were out. I’m to meet up with him for a drive out to the warehouse for a meeting today.”
I gently stretched out beside him on the narrow bed. He burrowed into my shoulder, adjusting his position to accommodate his sore spots. I stretched an arm over him, checking for other sore spots, ribs, back, hips…
“And Owen knows all about John’s involvement infiltrating The Squad.”
A brisk walk down several interminable corridors brought us to the swinging doors of the department. Through the windows in the doors I saw a gurney, facing away with the head slightly raised, surrounded by medical personnel.
And the message stopped.
The conversation turned to other matters, including that someone named Colin would be sourcing what they needed, which I surmised meant chemicals for explosives. From the sounds of it they were aiming for something similar to a pipe bomb to be left in a public area. Nasty business, those things, they tended to do a lot of damage to human flesh. The kind of thing designed to get attention and leave a lasting impression on the populace.  Their venom was predominantly directed at immigrants (or more likely, anyone who looked foreign to them), so it was plausible that they intended to strike at one of the many ethnic enclaves in London.
—Remember the case of the peg leg? Meet me at that pier. SH
“DAMNIT!  He’s further down here, THIS WAY!”
The ringing in my head was slowly subsiding. We’d escaped the worst of it, no large debris landed on us but John was not conscious and I felt his neck, thank God finding a pulse there. He coughed weakly, his chest in a spasm where he lay in the dust. Sally had pushed herself to her knees and was shouting for Lestrade and the medics, but her voice sounded far away. I felt John’s shoulders, neck, no obvious (new) damage but the injured arm was at an awkward angle (his right, thank goodness, at least he would have the use of his dominant hand.) He barely stirred as I shouted his name. My own voice sounded far away. I gently brushed dust and grit off his eyes, his nose, his mouth. He was breathing but his skin was grey and his lips bluish. Shock.
“WHICH he acquired while treating other soldiers in the service of Queen and Country!” I was shouting in frustration at this point.
“Enough!” Mycroft stood abruptly. “Once you put your sizable ego aside, Sherlock, you will realize the importance of this part of the plan. John, I will text you and Sherlock with the assigned time and place. Be ready for it tomorrow afternoon. And I will now bid you both good evening.”
“The way I feel I’m tempted to say whiskey but I’m guessing that’s not the best option. I’ll take tea and a croissant if they have them.”
This is it, the final chapter of this particular adventure! Please please leave a comment and let me know what you thought. Hope you enjoyed the ride, and thanks for reading.
I waited until the men went into a hanger for the rest of the business of the day. I would have to ensure that Mycroft had this place surveilled. Whatever they were planning, it would behoove the government to have definitive evidence to corroborate John’s information.  I got on the bike and headed back to town, feeling a bit bereft and disloyal, knowing John remained behind in that warehouse hanger in the company of men who would not hesitate to do lethal damage if they knew his mission. I tried to focus on the speed of the road going by under my feet but nothing could remove the sense of dread at leaving him behind.
“There is an excellent possibility that it was he who tipped off Davies a while back,” I said while simultaneously texting John. “We have no time to lose in getting John out of there.”
LONDON’S DARLING DETECTIVE JILTED BY HIS BELOVED BLOGGER?
As I flopped onto the sofa I considered my next objection. I injected a note of sincerity into my voice.
“Yes, absolutely John,” I drawled loudly and sarcastically, “It is clear from all your drunken nights out and flirtations that you have not been having a good time, but I guess given your history of promiscuity on three continents, that is to be expected.”
And I did. As I drew him into the shed and latched the flimsy wooden door, I could feel the heat and hardness of him. I pinned him to the wall stared at him for a long moment. I began devouring him, my mouth on his face, his lips, his ears and neck, as he groaned and grabbed back. I knelt between his legs and leaned into his crotch for one long moment, feeling that liquid heat that engulfed both of us. As I drew him into my mouth I knew he was mine alone, and with mouth and fingers I made sure he would remember it. He cried out at last, released from the unbearable tension of the day. I wanted to draw him into my coat and keep him tucked inside, invisible to the world. When all this was over, I decided, I would take him away, maybe to Italy or the south of France and we would be anonymous together. But for now we had this, and the work to do.
I chuckled. “Actually I had a front row seat. Surely you don’t think I would let you loose on your own out there. Nice shooting by the way. The lads were quite impressed.”
“I am NOT sulking! I am just trying to inject a note of caution into this hare-brained scheme.”
John took the papers and thanked her. She stood as if to leave but then hesitated.
“Hey.” I kept my voice gentle. “Are you alright?”
As I began to work on the lock, I kept up a constant patter to John, “really you are even a worse idiot than I thought if you think I can’t manage to get these off you in under a minute, you completely underestimate my skills, John, I’m surprised at you, surprised and disappointed both…”
I spent the next hours online, gathering everything I could find on the group known as The Squad. They initially got together as a loosely organized bunch purportedly to play rugby, and perhaps more to the point, to drink together afterward. One of the group, Jack Davies, dishonorably discharged from the service, seemed to hold some authority judging by his presence in the news as well as his Youtube Channel where he spouted venom about immigrants and foreigners, and any government figure he deemed soft on crime. Nothing too original there. But he seemed to have a certain charisma, an ability to inspire others to follow him - and there were certain veiled threats implied in his rants as he carried on about how long are “we” going to watch our country being taken over by foreigners.
Mycroft looked sour. He sighed, “I’m afraid whatever plans have been made were not made at this meeting place. It is likely that only one or two of Davies’ confederates know of the actual target. We need to find out, and hopefully soon. We do know there are plans for at least two bombs, with materials for more.”  He looked thoughtful. “John has been appointed as the armed guard for their meetings as well as running shooting drills for the men. I think it safe to assume his presence will be required at whatever event they have in the works. But whether he will have any advance knowledge of the timing and the target - that is doubtful. And we need to have compelling evidence of their plans before we lower the boom. We don't know where their higher-level planning meetings are taking place. As yet none of our surveillance feeds have captured any specific discussion of their intent to commit violence. They talk about combat training and available supplies, but we need an air-tight case before bringing them to justice. A conspiracy charge will be much more compelling to the Crown than a mere illegal arms charge.”
“GODDAMN IT! Goddamn it, Sherlock you know damn well that is not what I am talking about. Stop trying to divert this into something it isn’t. I WANT this assignment. For me! This is not about you competing with Mycroft, this is about my having an opportunity to do something that matters. Something I am uniquely suited for. Can you not see that? Why can you not see that!”
(See the end of the chapter for
—a matter of urgent importance. I am on my way to your office. SH
John nodded, and she continued, “So, um, I guess I will leave these with you today to look over. I can pick them up tomorrow.”
They played darts, and John often won, sometimes with ease. It was fascinating to watch him in action, and at times I put on my most inconspicuous disguise to sit in the corner typing away at my laptop like the depressed uni student I was playing. But watching John in action, oh. There were revelations yet to be observed, the way his stance and movements changed when he was with a group of men who were very much embedded in traditional male posturing. John became more defiant, louder, more brazenly insulting, giving as good as he got, and I could see the Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers in him, taking no shit from his men and not overly concerned about whether they liked it. And he laughed with them. Loudly, and a lot. It occurred to me just how much he had lost when he was injured and ill nearly to the point of death in Afghanistan, discharged and sent ‘home’ with no real home or purpose in life to come back to.
—Blackfriar’s Starbucks. 3pm.  MH
He smiled - a bit - and gave me a brief nod. “Indeed. It is the least we can do for him. His actions saved the lives of many people today, Sherlock. And it is fortunate as well that Owen did not kill him outright when he finally put two and two together and realized John was working for us. Apparently Owen thought it would be clever to set a trap that would ensnare you as well as a policeman or two in the bargain.”
“Ok,” he said, “Mycroft gave me a couple of names, people he is looking at. There are a couple of pubs they are likely to hang out at. I go in, spend some time having a pint or two, watch a game - I can get a conversation going and see where theyʼre coming from.”
—How did the commissioner learn of John and his military background? SH
He looked down for a moment, and when he spoke again, it was with real disgust. "As if I would join up with those vicious, racist, egotistical, self-indulgent arseholes! Christ I'm sick of listening to their immature whinging every day. They're like a bunch of kids, thinking everything's supposed to go their way, the world should honor their natural superiority. Although I gotta say Jack is of a different order. He's just plain malicious, carries a chip on his shoulder bigger than a house. Never forgave them for kicking him out of the service, never mind he deserved it."
I got it. The lock clicked and I pulled the cuffs off his wrists. He gasped and winced, clearly injured but free from the restraints and Sally and I were dragging him up, ignoring the groans and his muttered apologies, with the timer ticking down below one minute and the stairs ahead of us. Could we do it, we had to do it, there was no way I was losing him now, come on John, I heard myself talking, not knowing if I was just thinking or talking out loud, John you know I’ve been smoking every day since you left, we were at the trip wire, lifting, Sally was right, it took two, John, you have to keep going to yell at me when we are out of here…  we were dragging him, pulling him up the stairs and John, for his part, trying to keep his feet under him and staggering forward…
PS: Want to see some more? ;)
I could not help but smirk. “Right. How fortuitous, Mycroft.”
“Thatʼs your plan, John? Hang out and see what happens. Well thatʼs a brilliant strategy if I ever heard one.”
John looked up at me, looked down at the paper, and paled. Clearly he had not been aware of the publicity. He stuttered for a moment, not having prepared for this particular possibility. His response was accidentally genuine.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m ok… really. Just tired. I should write up a report for Mycroft,  though.”
And soon thereafter it came to this: my husband-to-be looking quite dapper, adjusting his tie in the mirror while I watched, preparing for his first day of testimony in court. I had an enormous sense of deja vu, noticing the press clustered outside. He stood upright and strong, my soldier, and I felt myself puff with pride.
“Oh I think I can come up with something,” he grinned. “Hate to see that beautiful bum of yours in that ratty underwear again.”
“Don’t do anything, John. Let me. Just tell me to stop if you need me to.”
“Ahem, yes, well then…” he mumbled, ’I’ll see you in bed, then,” and headed off, his face ruddy and his eyes pleased. I quickly put away the items from my kitchen lab that needed to be protected, and headed to the bedroom. I forgot the tea - but then, he forgot to hold that against me.
“Yes. Chief Superintendent MacDougal. His motives at this point are unclear beyond his ambition to right the scales of justice by getting back at John Watson.”
“A little support? Oh, Iʼll do better than that,” I called out without looking back as I exited.
A miscalculation on my part. I could see Johnʼs neck stiffen and shoulders square. His response was downright mulish.
“About me? How were they wrong about me?”
Things are heating up for our boys and for the case. Warning for a sexually confusing/abusive incident.
I sputtered a laugh of disbelief.
“Well, John, I suppose if you want to drop some subtle hints about your military background, that is as good a way as any.”
But I was somber. I moved him closer with a hug that was tight and deeply sincere.  I rested my cheek on the top of his head. “That’s not it John! Well, ok, that is part of it, but the bigger part of it is you, John. I will always be there for you. I want you to know that, finally, to believe that. I will not let you down.”
“Huh. How...? Mycroft filled you in?” John should know better than to really believe that.
“Sleep now, John. I will stay the night.”
He flushed a bit, notably his ears, as he often did when he recognized how transparent he was under my gaze.  He cleared his throat a bit.
A minute passed before he responded.
“Do you want a shower before I leave?”  He shook his head.
“I am reasonably certain he set up that whole scenario with the girl at the bar in order to reinforce the plan.”
“Hmm?”
“Now, John, you have my admiration. You have had for a long time but perhaps you did not realize how much I rely on your strength and your own inner compass to keep me upright.”
“When?”
“You arrogant bastard! That’s exactly what I was talking about. Who… how… just exactly how do you think it’s your call to make, that’s exactly what I mean! For Christ’s sake Sherlock I may not have an ‘international reputation’ (much aggrieved eye rolling here, really his expressions are marvelous to watch) “but I am an accomplished person, do you not see that! Do you ever even wonder what it is like to live in your shadow! I am willing to do it, have been for years, which is why when, every once in a while, I have an urge to do something on my own. Do you not get that?!”
“So... Sherlock. He may have a point.”
Lestrade sat up  looking grim. “Alright, mate. Sit down and let’s think about this together.”  He took a swig of his coffee.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft sat up and leaned forward. “I need someone I can trust. It really is as simple as that. There is much at stake here, and given that we do not know how many are entangled in this group, I am leery of sending in one of our regulars. Too many are known, at least by sight, by people in the command chain. I need a trustworthy individual who is not enmeshed in any of these other networks. I hope to find out that this involves nothing more than a few disgruntled ex-soldiers on an imaginary power trip after a few drinks. But if there is any chance it is more than that, I need to know in what way and how high up this goes.”
I retrieved a pack of cigarettes from my stash, muttering “you can yell at me if you want, John, these are necessary to my thinking at this particular moment.” I flopped on the couch in my preferred position for contemplating the many strings of inference that needed to be woven into a cohesive whole.  MacDougal was not a deep thinker, driven by prejudices that he was not even aware he held. He had a strong aversion to anyone he felt was a “vigilante” as he deemed me during my arrest. He clearly preferred to believe his men could not betray him or the Yard. But John, against whom he already held a grudge, was pegged in his mind as the traitor. And he could not resist attending a lowly pub brawl to “get his licks in” as the saying goes, and to let John know that he was on to him - although once again MacDougal was as mistaken as he could be.
My stroll to Baker Street took a bit more than an hour and when I arrived the day was dimming and John was making tea. I realized John would be more open to discussion if I were to play the penitent so I apologized before accepting a cuppa and a biscuit. He just shook his head.
I took the towel with the ice pack and tossed it aside. I felt behind me for the first aid kit and dug out some bandages. Removing my arm from under his head, I opened the package and gently taped up his cheek before again sliding one arm under him and wrapping him in an embrace.
—I miss you too.
—I wanted to suggest it. But reconsidered. SH
—Sherlock, I was FINALLY about to get supper It’s been a long one.
I waited a few minutes as he entered Scotland Yard during which time I jumped up and down vigorously a few times in order present myself as a bit out of breath, having rushed not to miss “our” meeting. John and Lestrade may not have been expecting me but the rest of that lot would likely not know that. I strode briskly through the main door, demanding of no one in particular, “Have they started without me?” At which Donovan simply indicated Lestradeʼs office with a tilt of her head.
He looked up in amusement. “Besides, I assume the GPS you planted on Dr. Watson was not a cheap model? It should continue to function long enough for us to follow him to whatever target they have planned.”
“Alright mates, that’s enough,” a third man shouted, “we really don’t need a riot,” with John and Will laughing as John extended a hand to Will, helping him up and then righting the table. They all agreed that more whiskey was in order, and as John approached the bar approximately a half dozen uniformed police barreled through the door, pushing other patrons out of the way as they surrounded the group. John held up his hands in a gesture of peace, saying “sorry, sorry officers, we’ll pay for the broken glasses,” with Will drunkenly leaning on his shoulder and giggling slightly, saying “yes of course, we’ll take care of it…” just as the officers grabbed each of them and handcuffed them, marching them towards the door.
“Tell me, John, what did MacDougal say to you after he punched you?”
“There is nothing to say. Do you know what you do to me when you do this? Do you? I knew it would end like this, if not worse!“
“Are you aware that he feels John has ‘gone rogue’ as he put it, Mycroft?”
“Well then, think about this. Was it somehow mere coincidence that MacDougal was in on the raid on the Black Dog the other night? Unlike my own arrest, breaking up a group of rowdies at a pub is hardly a high-profile activity, and a chief superintendent is not usually party to such routine activities. He’s been monitoring this group and knew John would be there. Maybe he just saw an opportunity to get a bit of his own back for the grudge he has clearly been nursing ever since John humiliated him in front of his own people. Maybe he fancies himself a Machiavelli and thinks he can ensnare the whole group even if he must sacrifice John in the process, it is hard to tell from here. Maybe there is something else at work, I just don’t have enough data to draw a conclusion. But it makes little sense for him to risk sabotaging the entire operation. I don’t know what he’s up to and I don’t like it!”
He gave a short nod and we entered.  I immediately drew him over to the bed and turned on the lamp to assess the damage. The medics had done a half-hearted job with the bandage and I removed it with care. His cheek was split where MacDougal had landed a solid punch (while wearing a ring, the evidence was clear) and his lower lip was split (so, back-handed by one of them at some point after they took him off in the squad car). I wordlessly went and got a towel, some ice, and then his first aid kit from the bath, and began to gently clean the broken skin with antiseptic.
I’d had to jump a fence to avoid detection as people emerged from nearby doorways to see what was the commotion and to rescue their precious vehicles. Crouching in the darkness, I saw that both Mycroft and the gentleman from my homeless network had replied to my texts, with Mycroft assuring me that an attorney would present herself at the police station to see that no further harm came to John. I instructed the member of the homeless network to wait outside the police station to ensure that John got home safely when released, and to keep me updated on events as they happened. The chief superintendent was more accustomed to administrative work from behind a desk than to the rough and tumble of the street, and I calculated that having had a his bit of revenge before being interrupted, he would not pursue any further physical punishment of John. No, he would be more likely to try to ‘throw the book’ at John and detain him as long as possible. I was pinning my hopes on Mycroft’s expensive attorneys. All that was left for me was the waiting.
“No. It is not going to happen.”
“Bethnal Green! They are going to Bethnal Green Station, the immigration services office is nearby and John’s GPS signal is in that direction.”
As I ran, Lestrade and Donovan followed without question. I came to a dark brick building, sides encrusted with graffiti, in the dark shadow of the overhead tracks. John had to be inside, but where? I zeroed in on his signal as near as I was able and threw myself at the black, rusted metal door. It gave with a  screech and I activated the light on my mobile. Boxes and indeterminate pieces of junk were scattered about. Donovan pulled out a torch and shone it around.
One of the staff said, “We’ll give you a few minutes,” and they drifted over to the desk to confer but clearly were listening closely to us. Mycroft said he would go let Lestrade know what was happening, and then it was just John and myself. I leaned over and gingerly kissed his forehead, not sure where it was safe to touch without jostling him.
—I can’t do this like this. I need to see you.
“Sally? Could you c’mere a moment?” She appeared and Lestrade gestured her to a chair, closing his door. Interesting.
“Look you wanker, you never trusted me, you are INCAPABLE of trusting anyone, no matter how much they run after you, tell you how much you matter, prove to you every sodding day that they care!” And he launched into a blistering string of invective - he always had a talent for the creative use of language - which culminated in his letting me know that he had “fucking had it” with being tricked and made a fool of by me.
“And we have a further complication,” I noted. Mycroft nodded. As ever, he knew my priorities.
“So what DID you intend, exactly? We were already on board with your plan, and as if that wasn’t toxic enough you had to provoke things further. John does not need the humiliation, particularly while he is in the middle of doing a JOB FOR YOU!”
John was smiling. Sally shook my hand and thanked me, and John stood to embrace her. When she stepped back her eyes were misty, and she exclaimed,  “Okay, enough of that rubbish. When are you two wankers going to get married? It really is long overdue, y’know, and I’ve got a pool going back at the office so if you could arrange it for this January it would really help my vacation fund, I’m just saying…”
Jack: “Hmmm. We do need a shooter with a good eye to watch the doors while we rig things up on D Day.”
As we spent the time together one cold and sunny afternoon, I contemplated all that had occurred over the last several weeks. I sat back in my chair, thinking hard, while John had made tea.  He was now seated on the rug in front of the hearth, nursing a small flame that he had started with kindling. I went to join him, putting two small logs within reach, glad that he allowed me to help.
“Then I shall take one of each.”
He smiled. “I love you too. Come on, let’s get in.”
This is all the prompts I have written for the JWP event this year.
When it got to lunch time, we settled on the bank of a stream. We both removed our boots to dangle our feet in the water while we ate. Out of our knapsacks came sandwiches, fruit and cake, and bottles of water. We sat in companionable silence, each enjoying the rest and the scenery.
Over time, we grew closer, and our intimacy changed from that of close friends to lovers. I was privileged to see that which he hid from the rest of the world. We shared all of our innermost feelings with each other, continuing to provide the same support which we always had. I had never loved or been loved like that before. Because he is unique, being in a relationship with him is like nothing else on earth. Through all the dangers and difficulties we faced, we were still happy because we had each other.
I looked out of the window into the garden while I filled the kettle at the sink. It was indeed a deep covering, smoothing the features of the landscape and bowing down the trees.
I was just drifting off to sleep when Holmes entered my room. Wordlessly, he crossed to me and sat down in the chair beside the bed. Keeping my eyes closed, I listened to his breathing. It sounded as though he had begun to cry. He gently took my hand and rubbed circles into the back with his thumb.
By the time we got back inside, the scones had finished baking. I took them out of the oven to cool, then set about making the tea while Holmes removed his bee suit. Then we took the tea and scones outside. We settled on our bench, then poured the tea. The first sip was tremendously welcome. We both laughed at the other’s sigh of satisfaction.
Victor clambered in on top of Holmes. They both giggled uproariously as they tried to find a comfortable position. They settled on their sides, the whole length of their bodies pushed together. Victor inclined his head and captured Holmes’s lips in a kiss. As Holmes kissed his love back with equal enthusiasm, he knew this would be a good holiday.
He was gentle in his work, carefully soaping my body, then guiding me down into the water to wash it off. Then he washed my hair, the feeling of his fingers working the lather into my scalp making warmth tingle through me afresh.
Holmes returned with a basin of hot water, soap, and bandages. He sat beside me on the settee and began to assist me in tending my wounds. Again, I was amazed by his gentleness and care.
I blushed at the implication, and he chuckled under his breath. Once I had recovered sufficiently, we moved on in search of accommodation. And, much later, he did indeed help to ease my leg marvellously.
We sat for a while longer before moving on through the trees.
I deserved this, I supposed as I plunged my hands back into the washing up water. I had been warned that Mrs Hudson’s baking was for a special occasion. Dr Watson had been very clear about it. But I could never resist fresh cake.
He started to move slowly, his movements frigging his cock between us. He was beautiful, all soft curves and jiggling flesh. I cupped his lovely breasts with my hands, my thumbs caressing his sensitive nipples. He sighed, his eyes falling closed again.
After some while longer, I felt his hand steal into mine on my lap. As he squeezed my fingers, I could feel the emotions the music was stirring in him. Quite remarkably, I found myself appreciating the music anew. I squeezed his hand back, feeling that perhaps the concert may not have been a total waste of time.
Holmes was thoughtful that evening. We had built up the fires in both the kitchen and the sitting room, and I hoped that some of that glorious heat had permeated the upstairs rooms too. We were both employed in reading, I catching up with a medical journal, and he one of his ever-growing collection of books on apiculture. He seemed distracted, however, turning the pages very slowly.
I squeezed his hand, my heart overflowing. “I love you too,” I murmured, opening my eyes. “I have loved you for such a long time.”
“My Holmes,” he purred, moving up to kiss the sensitive spot below my ear.
“Come along, Holmes,” I urged him as we walked in Fulworth one bright summer day. “This really does need investigating.”
“Could be,” I agreed. “Thank you, Mrs Hudson.”
He smiled. “All the ladies will love you.”
I swallowed, his attentions causing my prick to harden rapidly. “Whatever you would like,” I breathed.
“Good,” he purred. “Now lie down on your front.”
Mrs H has always been good to us. I pocketed the cake and rolled up my sleeves.
“Yes, we will certainly be well-stocked,” he affirmed.
“Thank you, John,” he said.
At that moment, Mrs Hudson entered with our dinner. I was very grateful for it, for I was starving. I ate well, and Holmes and I talked of other things. After the meal, I retired to my room.
He leaned in so that his lips brushed the shell of my ear. “I want you to go into the bedroom, strip and put this on. I shall join you in a minute.”
I stopped and drew him into an embrace. “I have missed you too,” I replied. “London does not feel the same without you.”
Looking at Watson, I could see that my teasing had produced the desired effect. I had been making suggestive comments and drawing his attention to my body all day, and I could see that he was now just as flustered as I had wanted. With any luck, this would lead to some punishment and assertion of his dominance.
He gathered me gently into his arms and we lay quietly, exchanging soft kisses and gentle caresses while our heartbeats slowed. Eventually, reluctantly, he had to pull out, but he still held me close.
“If the weather remains good, I shall go for a swim tomorrow morning,” he said. “Would you be interested in coming?”
“What did the not say?”
“Oh Holmes,” I murmured. “I am so very sorry.”
It was not very often that Holmes and I got to go anywhere with a dress code anymore. The Parish council in our village had organised a dinner dance, and everyone had been invited. The invitation had specified evening dress, so we got dressed up.
It had been a warm day. When Watson came in from the garden, his shirt was partially unbuttoned, and he looked delightfully unkempt. I was sitting in my armchair, reading a book on apiculture I had recently acquired. He smiled when I looked up at him.
We took the two quilts from our hotel room out of his knapsack. One we spread upon the ground to lie on, and the other we pulled over ourselves. We curled up together between the blankets, our arms wrapped around each other, and our legs entwined.
Holmes and the driver helped me to unload all of my baggage and transport it into the cottage. Once it was done, the driver left, and Holmes and I went inside.
I spent the next few days settling in and catching up on some much-needed sleep. There were preparations to be made for Christmas, taking me into the village. Everyone I met was welcoming and happy to know that Holmes was gaining some company. I found that I adjusted to living with him again remarkably quickly. His habits had mellowed somewhat, but he was fundamentally the same as he had always been.
“Do I have to?” she groused.
His gentle words made me start to cry for the first time. I had not allowed myself that indulgence before. He held me steady while I sobbed into his collar.
Holmes and I were at breakfast one day when we were disturbed by a fuss at the door below. Voices, one of which was Mrs Hudson’s, were raised in argument. This was followed by an unceremonious thump and an indignant slam of the door.
He looked wistful, and I gave him a squeeze. “Ever resourceful, darling,” I murmured, kissing his cheek.
“You evidently do not know my friend if you think this will work,” said I, feigning rather more courage than I felt. “He will track you down and he will stop you.”
He had assumed a very put-upon air, and I laughed. “What a terrible business.”
When, at length, we broke apart, we each finished drying off and changed back into our clothes. Then we headed home for breakfast.
He took my hand, brought it to his lips, and pressed a soft kiss to my knuckles. “I love you too,” he murmured.
“Thank you for your help, Watson,” he said. “I suggest we now have a cup of tea before doing anything else.”
As we walked, I regarded him. The sun reflected in his eyes, as bright as they ever had been, although the fur around them was greying.
“I suppose we had better get out, my love,” he said.
We continued to talk about our mornings as we made our way home. It was curious, but I almost felt I wanted to reach out and hold his hand.
“Did you enjoy that?” he asked, almost tentatively.
‘My darling, I love you beyond all reason.’
When the mice turned away to examine the wastepaper basket, he saw his opportunity. Creeping forward very carefully, he placed the bag by the leg of an armchair, then retreated once more to watch. The mice noticed the bag as soon as they had finished with the wastepaper basket. Their noses twitched and they squeaked nervously as they scampered up to it. The mouse in the suit looked into the bag and let out another squeak that sounded more excited. He drew out the notecard and appeared to read it to his companion. Then they took out the cheese and scampered away, evidently finished for the evening.
I continued to accompany Holmes in his sea swimming, becoming more hardened to the temperature over time. As time went on, the garden grew more and more, becoming increasingly beautiful. Holmes and I spent a lot of time out of doors, carrying out our various occupations. We also ventured out for walks on the Downs, exploring our surroundings together. After these excursions, we would often go into Fulworth for a cup of tea before going home.
The cab ride was less painful than my previous journey, but I was nevertheless very grateful to reach Baker Street. Holmes paid the cabman, then helped me up to our sitting room.
“That sounds perfect,” I replied.
I laughed. “Indeed, my love.”
“Most enjoyable,” I replied. “I spoke to a lot of new people, and I was asked to read a story for some children.”
When he struck up a particularly lively air, she hopped down from the settee and held out a hand to me. “Will you dance with me, Papa?” she asked.
I moved down his body and took up the honey dipper once again. This time, I drizzled some of the golden liquid onto the head of his straining cock. Then I lowered my head. I licked up the shaft, then kissed the head. He groaned, his head thrown back on the rug. With a chuckle, I took him into my mouth. He moaned beautifully as I engulfed him, and I could feel him trying not to thrust upwards. I bobbed my head, lapping at his shaft to get the mingled taste of salt and honey. It was glorious, and I moaned around him. He gasped as I brought a hand forward to caress his bollocks while I sucked him. Soon he was at the edge, his hands gripping the rug while he made pleading noises. I teased his slit with my tongue, and that sent him over. He spent down my throat, his essence mingling with the sweetness of the honey. It was, I thought, the most incredible thing I had ever tasted.
He said nothing more, and it appeared that the subject was at an end. We remained in companionable silence while we finished eating. When we had finished, Basil stood up and offered me his paw.
“Yes, I think so,” he said.
“Gladly,” I replied, taking his paw and rising to my feet.
He pulled me up to kiss him again, tasting the mingled flavours on my tongue. While we kissed, he reached for my cock and brought me to a swift conclusion with his skilled hand. We lay there on the rug for some moments, panting and boneless. My head was on his chest, and when I gently kissed the skin, I could feel the stickiness of the last traces of the honey. I chuckled slightly, and he caught it.
He nodded. “Yes. Yes, you are.”
We kissed again, my hands moving to release the remaining buttons on his shirt and push it off. I ran my hands over his chest and belly, caressing the soft skin and making him sigh into my mouth. He managed to remove my shirt too, and the feeling our bare skin touching was glorious. With the bare minimum of alterations to our trousers and undergarments, we freed each other’s pricks and pressed them together. We both moaned at the contact.
It’s wonderful to be here at last,” I said. “I can feel myself relaxing already.”
, the latest book by Mrs Potter. At the allotted time, I sat down in front of a score of bright-eyed children.
“It’s warm out there,” he said. “Do you still want to come with me?”
“I have been thinking about retiring, Dawson,” he said suddenly.
I put my book aside and he leaned down to kiss me, then he climbed onto my lap. The easiest way for him to do this was to straddle me, his knees on either side of my hips. His soft belly pushed against me as we kissed deeply, the warm weight of him both reassuring and erotic. I could feel the first stirrings of heat within me as I skimmed my hands down his back to his gorgeous arse.
She dutifully handed over a jar of each flavour. Then, with more thank-you’s, they turned back down the garden path. I watched them with a fond smile before going back indoors. I could hear Holmes in the kitchen, pottering about, setting up for tea.
“Good morning,” I said. “I am Dr Watson and I’m going to read to you today. The story is called
I had made some friends through my volunteering, and I often paid calls on them in the village, or they came out to our cottage. Holmes and I both baked and cooked, so we were always well-fed. Martha, the housekeeper, came in twice a week to help with the cleaning.
Holmes could certainly not say he was thrilled to be at a police social event. Watson had persuaded him into it, pointing out that Hopkins would likely be there. Of course, the doctor had been correct, which Holmes was very grateful for. He and Hopkins had been exchanging glances over their glasses all evening, becoming rather less subtle as their companions became more inebriated.
A light tap at the door heralded Victor’s return before he entered the bedroom.
He held up a vest constructed of bandage and white cotton. “I made this when I was 14, John,” he explained. “I wanted to bind my chest more securely and safely.”
“I am sorry for being so naughty,” I breathed.
He fished in his jacket pocket, withdrew the note, and passed it to me. It read thus:
“Whatever for?” I asked.
I nodded. “I think I can manage, thank you.”
The smile he gave me was soft and full of love. “We have both been fools, it seems,” he said with a laugh. “What should we do now?”
On New Year’s Day, Holmes woke me at 8 o’ clock with a cup of tea. He placed mine on my bedside table, then sat in the chair by the window with his own.
“I think so,” I replied. “I’m looking forward to it.”
For the prompt 'teamwork'. Ties in with my main work for the last round of Holmestice,
“As are you, my love,” he responded.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The detective nodded, taking one of the bags. “I began work on my new monograph and completed the crossword. Would you like some tea?”
“Yes, I will be fine,” I said firmly. “Thank you both for the timely rescue.”
“Very well,” he responded. “Look at this.”
I was breakfasting alone one morning when Mrs Hudson came in with the morning post. There was not a large amount, and most of what was there was addressed to Holmes.
He looked up from his paper to meet my eyes. “What is it?” he asked.
Holmes had been retired for several months before I was able to join him. It had been necessary for me to wind up my practice first and pass on my patients to a colleague. It was with a light hear that I finally made my way to Sussex with my belongings to join my darling.
He moved my hand to his groin, and I felt the evidence of his arousal. I unfastened his flies and freed his prick. He carefully schooled his expression to betray nothing while I worked him with my hand. Beads of pre-ejaculate leaked from the head while I worked the shaft of his cock. I thumbed the slit, using the fluid to ease the way as I continued to pleasure him. He had the presence of mind to grab his handkerchief before, with a last swipe over the head of his prick, he climaxed with a little gasp. I was now becoming uncomfortable in my trousers and was glad when we turned into Baker Street. I paid the cabman, and we hurried inside.
It had been a cold day. As Holmes and I made our way home after conducting inquiries, it began to snow. It looked so pretty that we decided to walk and take in the scene at our leisure. The downside to this was that by the time we reached Baker Street we were both chilled to the bone. We were very grateful to reach our own door and step into the warm.
“The new ice cream parlour,” I announced. “I’ve been wanting to sample their wares, and this seemed the best way to get you here.”
“Good afternoon, Dr Watson,” said the eldest, Eleanor. “We were wondering whether you might like to buy some jam. We’re raising money for the children’s library.”
This month's prompt is 'Cabinets, Cupboards and Chests'.
I placed a hand on top of his. “It’s okay,” I reassured him. “You got there in time, and I am fine.”
“What is it?” I asked warily.
“Isn’t it beautiful?” I remarked.
At what seemed like a reasonable time, Holmes announced that he was going to go home. After exchanging goodbyes, he loitered in the doorway to see that Hopkins had also excused himself. Unable to help himself, Holmes pulled the younger man into an alleyway beside the pub. Hopkins’s breath was taken away by a most urgent kiss, which he returned with equal fervour once his brain had caught up. When they had to break the kiss, they stood holding each other, breathing each other’s air, sobering up.
Christmas Day dawned cold and clear. We opened what presents we had after breakfast, before going to church. When we arrived home again, we cooked the lunch together. It was delicious, and the more satisfying because we had created it ourselves.
I did so, wondering what he had in mind. He led me to the wall that joined the sitting room, pushing me back against it. He kissed me, his tongue exploring my mouth again as he frotted against me. Then he took hold of me and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his hips as he entered me at a single push, making me gasp. He thrust hard and fast, his bollocks slapping against my hole. I knew that I would feel it in the morning, and I relished the thought of the burning, knowing that I would remember him claiming me like this. It was glorious, a heady mix of pleasure and pain which I had almost forgotten.
We emerged back onto the sand, dripping and coming out in goosebumps. By dint of his greater experience of sea swimming, Holmes dealt with the cold better than I. He wrapped a towel around his own shoulders, then enveloped me in the other. He held onto me, helping to warm me up. I wrapped my arms around him in return. We stood embracing each other for several minutes. I felt warm and comfortable, surrounded by our shared affection.
When he released my mouth, he brought a hand up to cup my cheek. “Go and lie on the bed,” he murmured. “I want you to watch me.”
He nodded. “Please.”
“Certainly,” I replied. “I can’t promise I’ll be any good, but I’d like to try.”
“Are you ready?” I asked him.
We sat in our garden for a long time, holding hands.
When he had finished, we rearranged ourselves so that I might do as much for him. I enjoy taking care of him whenever I am able, so I took my time, wanting him to feel as loved as I did. By the time I had finished, we could hear the sounds of Mrs Hudson bustling about below, preparing dinner.
He left me and I proceeded to strip out of my shirt and trousers. I had sustained abrasions to my arm, side, and thigh on the left side. They did not look bad, but it would be as well to dress them.
“It’s wonderful to have you here at last, my dear Watson,” he said.
After exchanging a puzzled look, we descended the stairs. Sitting just inside the door was a large, substantial-looking chest. Attached to it was a label addressed to Holmes. We lugged it upstairs between us, then he removed the bindings surrounding it and opened it.
“Good morning, Mrs Morris,” I said. “What would you like me to do?”
I looked up at him wonderingly. “Do you really mean this?” I asked, my voice breathy with astonishment.
“How was it?” he asked me.
For the prompt 'dance'.
After breakfast, I walked into the village. It was a cold, grey morning, threatening rain. I swung my umbrella as I walked, humming a little to myself. When I reached the library, I went in and presented myself to the lady at the desk.
While he went to run the water, I went to our bedroom to fetch my dressing gown. By the time I reached the bathroom, he had almost finished running the bath. He watched appreciatively as I removed my clothes. When I approached the bath, he took my hand and drew me in for a soft kiss. I could feel him smile against my lips, and warm happiness flowed through me. When we pulled away, I stepped into the bath. I sighed with relief as I slipped down into the hot water, the rigours of the day melting away.
For the prompt 'business'
“Naughty,” he growled. “Remember who’s in charge. Get up.”
“Will you not be cold?” he asked.
“Indeed, my darling,” I agreed. “I, for one, have worked up quite an appetite.”
“I wanted to taste that too,” I protested.
“Perhaps I would be more eager if you would tell me what we are going to investigate,” he grumbled.
I sighed, leaning into his touch. “Yes, home.”
I stepped into the bath and lowered myself into the gloriously warm water. He slipped in behind me, his legs on either side of hips, and I relaxed back against him with a sigh. He wrapped his arms around my waist, his hands gently caressing my stomach. He kissed my cheek softly, then I turned my head to meet his lips with my own.
Two men hauled me off to a corner and pushed me down amongst some crates. There I sat, my wrists still bound and my body aching, trying to think of some way out of this mess.
I laughed. “I’m not sure about that. I just want to get to know some more of our neighbours.”
I wrapped an arm around Holmes’s waist and began to tell a story about pirates. She soon fell asleep. All was peaceful in our little family.
It was a wonderful evening. The dinner was excellent, and we both ate well. Then came the dancing. I was lucky enough to be asked to dance by Mrs Myrtle, a good friend of ours. Holmes was initially rather less fortunate. He was cornered by Mrs Smythe, who had had her eye on him for some time. He found her crashingly dull, and her obvious flirting made both of us feel awkward. After she released him, he was asked by a succession of children. I watched him, and I could see that he was enjoying himself. He was never without a smile on his face, loving entertaining the children.
Victor laughed. “Come on. Let’s swim.”
For the prompt 'glasses'
“How about a cup of tea in the garden, rather than going into the village?” Holmes said, voicing my thoughts.
Holmes and I had been for dinner before going to the concert, and the combination of having eaten well with the dullness of the music was rapidly sending me to sleep. I flicked my eyes across to Holmes and could see that he at least was enjoying it. Trying not to disturb him, I allowed myself to slip into a gentle doze.
“Come here,” I said with an amused chuckle. I straightened the bowtie, which he had almost arranged perfectly. “There,” I said, “very smart.” I gave him a quick peck on the lips.
Once I had finished with the second coating, he pulled me up to kiss him. His tongue explored my mouth eagerly, no doubt tasting the honey.
In the low light of a kitchen in Sussex, the retired detective waited for his doctor to return. He clasped a mug of tea in front of him on the table, a pencil and the paper lying by his elbow, the crossword long since completed. He smiled when he heard the garden gate click. His knees creaked slightly when he got up, too long spent in one position.
The children hung on my every word with barely a fidget.
“We are very lucky to live here,” I mused.
He smiled back. “You are most welcome, John.”
“Of course, my love,” I replied.
We talked over the day while we relaxed together, laughing and savouring the time.
This month's prompt is 'rigor'.
“Exactly,” the first replied. “Then we keep the doctor nice and quiet and tucked away while we get to work.”
“I think it is wonderful,” I replied. “
Holmes grinned and stole one last kiss. “Then let’s go. I couldn’t possibly leave you wanting, my love.”
Mrs Hudson met us in the hallway, carrying a tray laden with cups and a coffee pot. “You both looked frozen walking up the street, so I’ve made you some cocoa,” she explained as she bustled us up the stairs.
I served in the hospital until the end of November 1918, seeing out the treatment of men sent home at the time of the armistice. I decided then that it was time for me to join Holmes in retirement. I called him and he said he would be delighted to have me join him. Thus, I sold my house as speedily as I was able and took myself to Sussex.
He laughed when he saw how much I was carrying. “How on earth did you manage to acquire so much?”
He smiled cheekily. “Then come here.”
It took a couple of hours for me to get everything unpacked. By the time I made my way back downstairs, Holmes had prepared supper. He told me to sit down, then served a vegetable pie with potatoes.
“Yes, sweetheart,” he replied. “If you stay in for too long, you’ll shrivel up like a prune.”
“Are you happy, John?” he asked me.
Yes, we have changed much. But at heart, we are still the same men, supporting and loving each other.
“Thank goodness,” I said with relief. “It’s freezing.”
His affection warmed me to my toes.
I had also been thinking more about what Holmes had said about occupations. I thought that it might be good to get more involved with village life, perhaps making new friends. There were plenty of things going on in the village that I could help with.
With that, he led me onwards toward a waiting cab. He made sure I was comfortable before we set off. All the way home, I was conscious of his eyes upon me. It was clear that he was still anxious as to the extent of my injuries.
for trusting me,” I replied.
I pulled back to look at him. “Can it be true, Holmes?” I asked. “Is it truly the end?”
The joy that spread across his face was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. He leant down at the same time as I reached up, and our lips met in a soft kiss. He did not pull away after the initial kiss ended but nuzzled his nose against mine. We continued to sip gentle kisses, smiling against each other’s lips and wrapping our arms around each other.
“What are you thinking about, darling?” he asks.
Holmes smiled to himself. “You’re welcome, my little friends,” he murmured.
“It’s over, Watson,” he murmured. “At 11 o’clock, an Armistice agreement will be signed. The war is over.”
He took another bite, smearing jam across the side of his mouth. We both laughed as he licked it away. His eyes sparkled, and I knew it was because we were together that he was so happy. I thought that, at that moment, he was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
Sometimes, the capture of criminals requires a long wait. Such was the case on this particular occasion. Holmes and I were concealed in a ditch, keeping watch on the back of the property. It was not a comfortable spot, and my legs were squashed up horribly.
We carried on through the trees until we came to a clearing. There, Holmes began to construct us a shelter out of branches and leaves. I knew that, owing to the power of his touch, the shelter would be impervious to outside effects. We would be able to make it quite cosy inside.
I waited for him to catch me up, then took his hand. “It’s a surprise, dearest,” I said. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
“I have a bolt hole a few streets away,” Holmes whispered, brushing their noses together. “Would you care to join me?”
I sat beside him on the bench, and we savoured our ice creams in silence. I watched a group of gulls flying low over the sea. Children were playing on the beach, making the most of the weather.
For September's prompt, change.
It was some weeks after the case of The Dancing Men that Holmes handed me a note over the breakfast table. The paper was covered with the symbols. I looked up at him, puzzled.
“You’re perfect, John,” I murmured. “I love you so much.”
“I will show you,” I replied.
“Watson, are you alright?” he asked urgently as he worked to free my bound wrists. “I am so sorry it took me so long to get here.”
“I like to have a little something before going out,” he explained as I began to drink.
I could not be sure how long we travelled for, but it felt like a long time in the dark, every jolt of the carriage jarring my bruised frame. I could feel wet patches where blood had seeped into my clothes, no doubt from wounds sustained in my fall onto the cobbles. At last, the carriage stopped and I was hauled out. They frog-marched me along then, stopping, pulled the sack from my head.
I smiled to myself as I watched Holmes bathing Lottie. It had taken an awful lot of persuasion to get her into the tub, but now she was enjoying herself. She had a little tin boat which she was sailing across the sea of the bath water, telling Holmes a story about the adventures of the sailors as she went. He was listening attentively, using her preoccupation as a chance to wash her.
When we reached the beach, he pointed out the best areas in which to swim. He had, of course, become intimately familiar with the beach and all the vagaries of the tide and currents. We went down to the shoreline and tested the water. It was cold, but we managed to convince ourselves that it would be alright once we got moving. Before either of us could reconsider, we changed into our bathing costumes and prepared to go in.
“Holmes, I’m cold,” I called to him. “I’m going to get out.”
“God, how I want you,” he gasped. “Go and clean yourself and put on your collar. I shall join you soon.”
“Yes, I got everything we need,” the doctor replied. “Did you do what you wanted to?”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
My heart fluttered during the ensuing pause. I continued to feign sleep, knowing that he needed to say these things, but that he would not be able to with an audience.
“The Thompson children were selling it in support of the children’s library,” I explained. “I couldn’t very well say no.”
Autumn in Sussex is truly beautiful. The light takes on a tremendous golden quality, tinging everything it touches. The changing leaves are like a natural firework display. The hedgerows become full of ripened berries, nestling like bright jewels amongst the dark foliage. Walking past the village school at play time, one can see conker fights taking place. I am seldom without a smile on my face, and neither is Holmes.
“Are you ready, dearest?” he asked, almost shyly. Although I had seen his power before, he had never shown me quite so much of it.
“I want you to get on all fours on the bed,” he said. “I am going to punish you for being so very naughty.”
“What do you think?” he asked.
I smiled. “A very kind thought, Holmes. Thank you. I’ve often thought of taking up gardening when I retired, and we are very well-situated here.”
“What do you have to say?” my beloved asked, his voice roughened with arousal.
I looked at him. “I beg your pardon?”
“I have my bees, and my various other little occupations. You do not have anything yet,” he explained. “I think that you would enjoy looking after the garden.”
We breakfasted on porridge, our eyes continually drawn to the beautiful scene outside while we ate. After we had finished, we both changed into warm clothes and stepped outside. The world seemed muffled, as though everything was reposing under the new white blanket. He led the way to the meadow where his hives were set. The snow was lying in drifts around them, almost obscuring them in places. We set to with shovels, digging them out. We were soon warm, our puffs of breath misting in the cold air. When all the hives were dug out, Holmes stood back to survey our handiwork.
“What do you think?” he asked as he came back in with the tea.
We continued our walk in much the same fashion. He tried to get the information out of me, and I refused to tell him. When at last we arrived on the seafront, I pointed out our point of investigation.
“Thank you,” I replied with a smile.
“I love you too,” he murmured back.
At the edge of the wood, he paused. When I caught up with him, he reached out and took my hand.
“John,” I said quietly, “there is something I would like to try.”
When we moved to Sussex, we adjusted to an altogether slower and gentler pace of life. We are now afforded much more time to appreciate the world and each other. Holmes has his bees; I have the garden. We take walks together, sometimes into the village and sometimes onto the Downs to explore. We go swimming in the sea, although he is tempted more often than I. Sometimes we simply sit together, our hands joined between us, each employed in reading something different. He laughs more often now, and it is joyous thing every time. I delight in teasing or tickling him, just to hear it.
Basil was silent for several moments, thinking. “Sometimes,” he said simply.
He smiled and squeezed my hand. “I hope this means you will visit more often.”
“You’re a naughty boy,” he murmured. “I wonder what I ought to do with you. Should I cause you to spill in your trousers here? Or should I ask you to relieve me and leave you wanting? What do you think?”
When Holmes finished playing, I put her down, then took her hand and kissed the back of it. “Thank you for the dance, Miss Holmes,” I said solemnly.
I gave his hand a squeeze and he let out a shaky breath.
Once we were in the seclusion of our cab home, he placed a hand on my thigh. I looked into his eyes and could see that he was questioning whether this was the game I wanted. I nodded, licking my lips slightly. He moved his hand to my groin, fondling me through my trousers.
“It’s time to get out now,” he told her when he had finished washing her and she had finished her story.
“Shall we get out the quilts?” he murmured.
“Yours,” I breathed. “All yours.”
Straightening up, I made my way back into the sitting room. Watson sat in his chair, reading a book. I licked my lips, finding them suddenly dry.
I took his hand and we walked together into the sea. I gasped on entering the water and he chuckled again, but I soon got used to the temperature. Once we were in deep enough, we began to swim. It was a glorious feeling, both refreshing and invigorating. We raced each other back and forth several times and I marvelled at the ease of it. Swimming more slowly afterwards, I took the time to appreciate my surroundings from this different perspective. I was impressed all over again by the beauty of the place.
After some while longer, I began to be aware of the cold.
After lunch, we retired to the sitting room. Holmes was in a jovial mood, and he took up his violin to play some carols. We sat in companionable silence for long stretches, each of us absorbed in some separate occupation.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We swayed together, our arms wrapped around each other, giggling at our terrible lack of technique. We may not have been very good, but I would rather have danced with him all night than with anyone else.
With trembling fingers, I withdrew the box I sought from its hiding place in my wardrobe. It had long remained untouched, but the weight of it felt familiar in my hands. I took a breath to steady myself. This was important, I needed to get it right.
She breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s wonderful. They will be here in 10 minutes, so I’ll show you the book.”
He chuckled heartily. “You are quite right, my dear Watson. This requires a very thorough and extensive investigation.”
I looked up at Holmes to see his reaction, but he appeared to be busy pretending to have something in his eye.
We were still giggling by the time we were presented with our dinner by our bemused landlady.
After a final kiss, he released me. I got to my knees and placed my hands on the bed, presenting my arse to him.
“I have to agree with you there,” I said as we sat down side-by-side on the sofa.
It was a clear, moonlit night. Frost was already starting to form on the grass, creating a glittering carpet. Holmes padded ahead of me, his step light and joyous. I smiled as I followed him, thinking that he looked like some sort of woodland sprite.
In the coming weeks, you will hear of a string of burglaries in certain wealthy neighbourhoods. It would be to your advantage to ignore these reports. We have your associate, Dr Watson. If we are left alone, he will not be harmed further. If you interfere, we will see whether we can send you a memento.
I stood at my bedroom window, watching birds on the feeders in our garden. A couple of Blue Tits were joined by a House Sparrow, only for them all to be scared off by the arrival of a Great Spotted Woodpecker. After the Woodpecker had finished, the smaller birds returned. I smiled at the scene, then turned away. I put on my dressing gown and headed downstairs. Holmes was sitting at the kitchen table when I arrived.
“This is it,” hissed Holmes. “Come, Watson.”
“Good morning, John,” he replied, tilting his head up. “The weather looks promising today.”
We descended quickly and made our way through the centre of the village to the sea front. After removing our boots, we ventured onto the sand. We strolled slowly, enjoying the feeling of going barefoot after so long wearing heavy boots. To complete the experience, we had a little paddle in the sea before retreating back to a bench on the front. Leaving Holmes on the bench, I crossed to the ice cream shop. I purchased cones of strawberry ice cream for both of us, then re-joined my friend.
“Delicious,” I murmured.
For the prompt 'measure'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Touch yourself,” he breathed. “I want to see you come for me.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He pulled me in for a kiss then, hot and urgent. His tongue plundered my mouth, already claiming what had long been his. We were both breathless when he pulled away, and we breathed each other’s air for several moments. I could not miss the growing point of hardness beneath me, and I felt my own prick twitch in anticipation.
He laughed. “So very formal, my darling. I would like to ride you.”
“John, I can’t get this to sit right,” Holmes complained, fiddling with his bowtie.
“Welcome to our little establishment, Dr Watson,” said a man before whom I stood. This was evidently the boss I had heard being spoken of. He was a small man with a seedy moustache, wearing a suit that looked as though it had seen better days. “You needn’t look so worried,” he went on. “We are going to hold you here while we go about our business to make sure Mr Holmes doesn’t interfere. So long as he lets us alone, we won’t harm you.”
“Are you ready?” Holmes asked me with a twinkle in his eye.
“I think a bath would be in order, my love,” I said.
I shivered with anticipation and hurried to do as he asked. I went to the bathroom first and cleaned myself thoroughly. I did not know what his plans were, but I wanted to be ready for whatever he wished. Once that was done, I went to my bedroom. I stripped and put on my collar, then lay on the bed to wait for him. I imagined him preparing himself. Perhaps he would be pleasuring himself, upstairs in his bedroom. I moaned, the rules of our game preventing me from relieving myself.
A slight breeze had picked up by the time we were making our way back to our cottage. I could see it in the distance, nestled alone in the landscape. My thoughts began to turn to the bench in our garden, amongst the flowers.
“It’s lovely,” I replied. “I’m impressed you decorated.”
“Indeed, we are,” he agreed. “I suggest that we cap off this lovely day with a stroll along the beach and perhaps an ice cream.”
“You menace,” I teased, poking him lightly in the ribs.
I smiled and gave his hand a squeeze. “Quite ready, my darling,” I replied.
He gave Holmes a quick peck on the lips and grinned before leaving. Holmes smiled to himself, shaking his head, then set about unpacking his things. It did not take long for him to empty his cases, then he opened the panel on the bed and lay down inside. He felt instantly encased, as though he had entered somewhere cut off from the rest of the house. There was a small window level with his head, and he gazed out of it, feeling peaceful.
It was 7 o’clock when Holmes woke me. He had drawn the curtains, and I could see that the sky was clear.
“That sounds perfect,” I responded.
For the prompt 'sunshine'
“Come for me, my pet,” he growled, before biting down on my ear lobe again.
I removed my fingers from his arse and wiped them with a handkerchief. He slicked my cock while we kissed some more. After a last kiss, he lifted himself up from my lap and slowly lowered himself onto my aching cock. The sensations were beautiful, and our groans mingled. His arse was tight and hot, and I briefly wondered why we had left it so long since last making love in this arrangement. I couldn’t resist drawing him into another kiss when he was fully seated upon me. While our tongues caressed, he wriggled a little as he adjusted to the increased stretch.
I shifted my hips, whimpering and whining for him. His pupils were blown wide with lust, and it thrilled me to know that he was enjoying this as much as I.
The next stumbling block came when the jam was actually ready. We arranged the jars and attempted to pour the jam in. Neither of us were very good at this, and we ended up with jam all over the outsides of the jars, puddling on the worktop. As we tried to clean up the mess amid giggles, we succeeded in also getting jam on ourselves. This led to more giggling and, as we tried to clean each other up, more kissing. We gave up on the cleaning, instead kissing each other breathless against the cupboards. When we had to break for air, we rested our foreheads together, fond smiles tugging at our lips.
“Of course,” I replied. “What a fantastic thing to do. What flavours do you have?”
“Thank you,” he said, taking his cone.
This month's prompt is 'code'.
He smiled at me. “Thank you, dearest,” he said. “I’m looking forward to this.”
We talked about the things he had successfully grown and things that I would like to try. I wanted to do some research into the best plants for the bees, and he recommended some of his books for me to consult.
He grinned. “With pleasure, my darling.”
He chuckled and held out a hand to me. “Come along then, my dear Watson.”
“When did you learn how to cook?” I asked teasingly.
He shook his head. “It wasn’t your fault. But you can see now why I hurried. What would I have done if-?” His voice broke.
“I should get Watson home,” Holmes put in before Lestrade could say anything. “If you require any further assistance, you know where to find me.”
This she did, showing me how to record books at had been taken out and who had borrowed them. Then, I walked slowly around the shelves to familiarise myself with where different genres were kept.
“We have an awful lot of jam to eat, dearest,” I called out as I came through.
“I love you,” I murmured when I pulled back.
Victor chuckled. “Not much more than I would be otherwise. Besides, I shall have you to warm me.”
After one last kiss, I tucked my head under his chin and snuggled in. With his arms warm and secure around me, I soon drifted off to sleep.
I did as I was bid. He proceeded to strip slowly, making a show of it. I love to watch him undress, savouring each inch of skin as it is revealed, and he took full advantage of that fact. He had not given me permission to touch myself, and it was nearly unbearable to see all of his body revealed and not be able to pleasure myself. When he was fully bare, he got onto the bed and crawled up my body. He gave my aching cock a few strokes with his hand, while at the same time kissing my throat. He nipped at the hollow, then sucked to leave a bruise.
She giggled and assented to be lifted out. He wrapped her in a fluffy towel and dried her off. Then he put her chemise over her head and wrapped her dressing gown around her. They then joined me by the fire, and she sat on his lap, snuggling close to him.
“Yes,” he murmured back. “You feel so good inside me.”
“Mr Holmes,” Mrs Hudson called up the stairs, “You’ve had a large delivery.”
He smiled. “I’m so glad. I hope it makes you new friends.”
She arranged the things upon the coffee table. “I certainly know a thing or two about warming people up after they’ve been in the snow. Now, sit yourselves by the fire and drink your cocoa. Dinner will be ready shortly.”
He watched the detective in the golden light, his soft, grey hair tinged with the colour of the light. He smiled to himself, moving to switch on the gramophone and then to wrap his arms around his lover’s waist.
“Quite so,” he agreed. “Well, I suppose I shall have to make some of those jam tarts you love so much.”
Holmes gently brushed a foot against one of mine. I saw that he was looking at me with a soft smile. I smiled back.
“John,” I murmured, “that was incredible.”
He flicked a smile. “I thought we could both do with some cheer,” he said.
The first time that I ventured down to visit my Holmes in Sussex was a trip accompanied my much excitement. It had been several months since I had last seen him, both of us having been busy with our various concerns. He was there when I stepped off the train, and the urge to take him in my arms and kiss him was almost overwhelming.
I was to read
All too soon, he withdrew his fingers from me. I groaned at the loss and tried to pull his hand back. He pulled roughly on my chest hair, making me wince.
“All this sunshine has me in a funny mood,” he said, approaching me.
When my shift had finished, I stepped outside to see Holmes coming along the road. He quickened his steps to catch up with me, then we bent our steps homeward.
He drew me into another kiss, nuzzling his nose against mine and smiling. We continued to share gentle kisses and caresses as we settled down for sleep.
She left me to it, and I opened the letter. It had come from another doctor and was indeed related to a paper that I had recently had published in the British Medical Journal.
The sun was going down as we walked home. The sky was beautiful, and we savoured all of that time.
We did so, abandoning everything in a heap in the sitting room. While he went to make the tea, I took the time to admire my surroundings. It was a cosy room, with a wood burning stove and plush furniture. He had decorated for the festive season. A small tree stood in the corner, festooned with ornaments I recognised from our old home.
He wrapped an arm around me, encouraging me to lean against him. “You did the best you could,” he murmured soothingly. “I’m sure that seeing that you cared made a great difference. You mustn’t blame yourself.”
“Rather tender,” I replied.
As soon as the door closed behind us, Watson grabbed my wrist and hustled me against the wall. He kissed me, hot and urgent, pressing against me. His free hand reached behind me to grope my arse. When we pulled away, we were both flushed and panting.
“My dear Watson, it’s wonderful to have you here at last,” he said with a warm smile, extending his hand to me.
“Yes, it’s very peaceful here,” he replied. “Now, let us move your belongings in so we can have a cup of tea.”
He chuckled. “For me too, my love. How does your arse feel?”
It was about halfway through the morning, and I had just made myself a cup of tea, when Mrs Morris approached me. She looked rather stressed.
He got onto the bed and took me carefully in his arms. After gazing at one another for what seemed like an age, we leaned in to share a soft kiss. Things had never felt so right.
He pressed a kiss to my forehead and gave me a squeeze. Then we got up and made our way to the bathroom. While the tub filled, he took the time to check me over, although of course he had been careful. Knowing the depth of care that he has for me made my heart swell, as it always does. When he had finished and stood up facing me, I drew him in for a soft kiss, my hand cupping his cheek.
While I whipped up a batch of scones, Holmes went out to the meadow to check on his bees. Once the scones were in the own, I joined him.
“Is that better?” he asked with a chuckle.
He held up the pot he used for collecting honey. It was almost full of the golden liquid.
“There’s a rather formal-looking letter for you, doctor,” Mrs Hudson said, handing me a high quality, white envelope. “It could be related to your paper.”
“Okay,” he called back. “I will too.”
He laid his book aside and reached out for my hand. “You know that you can tell me anything,” he said reassuringly. “What is it?”
Our first attempt at making jam was rather a mess. Our blackcurrant bush had yielded an excellent crop, so we decided to brave the venture. It was all going quite well until the time came for testing the jam. Holmes spooned some onto a chilled plate, waited, then pushed it.
“Only if you promise to keep baking these scones,” he replied.
He smiled softly when his lover came through the door, laden with shopping bags. “Your trip to the village was successful, my dear?”
“Perfect,” he affirmed. He ran the end of the riding crop tantalisingly along my spine. “I shall strike you five times and I want to hear all your pretty little noises.”
For the prompt 'case'.
I laughed. “I was just thinking the same thing. Perhaps we could have some scones as well.”
While I sat there and he hovered around me, we heard the train pull away. I could not miss the look of annoyance on his face.
He had succeeded in pulling away my bonds and was examining me carefully. “You have been bleeding, John,” he protested.
I could feel my climax building, drawing up inside of me. My cock was pressed between us, being frigged with each movement of his hips. He was hitting my sweet spot with every thrust, and the sounds he was making were incredible. His pace was speeding, becoming erratic, and I knew it wouldn’t be long.
I was thoughtful for a moment. I wanted to talk to him, to make him understand.
We kissed then, soft and warm. After holding each other close for several more moments, we drew apart and walked on, hand-in-hand. At last, rounding a bend in the lane, I got my first glimpse of Holmes’s cottage. Climbing roses surrounded the door, and it looked inexpressibly peaceful.
“It does indeed,” I agreed. I sat down opposite him and poured myself some coffee. “Do you still want to go to the woods?”
“Yes,” I murmured back.
He had begun to speed his movements as we both moved closer to bliss. I moved my hands back down his body to grip his arse again. My release was building inside of me, I could almost touch it. Then he spent between us, his arse clenching around me. That sent me over the edge too and I moaned his name as he collapsed forwards onto me. I wrapped my arms around him and held him close, pressing soft kisses to the top of his head while he breathed onto my neck. After a while, I felt him kiss my neck softly. I tilted my head with a little hum, giving him more room. His moustache brushed against my jawline, and I felt him smile.
“You were right,” he remarked as he applied a moistened cloth to my arm. “They are not too bad.”
He kissed me sweetly. “We’ll be careful. I want this. I want to feel you in me again.”
“I would trust you with anything. I love you, John.”
“That would be lovely,” I replied.
When they first arrived at Donnithorpe, Holmes was informed he would be sleeping in the small guest bedroom with the box bed. Victor showed him to the room.
They all laughed unpleasantly. So, they were evidently using me as leverage to prevent Holmes from interfering with their plans. Little must they have known of my friend, in that case. Although the prospect of what might happen to me in the meantime was not a happy thought, I was confident that Holmes would track these men down and put a stop to their activities.
“For sharing all of this with me,” he replied.
He nodded. “I should like to spend my final years by the sea, perhaps passing on Mr Holmes’s methods to a new generation.” He looked at me. “Would you like to join me?”
“Are you ready for your first shift, then?” he asked me after taking his first sip.
Holmes had always heard that gifts must be given at the right time, thereby avoiding any pitfalls. One might cause offence by presenting, for example, a new cookery book shortly after one has been invited for afternoon tea. He was dwelling on this advice from his station crouched behind his bedroom door, watching the mice in the sitting room. He had glimpsed them several times before. One wore an outfit very much like his own. The other was shorter and stouter. It seemed to him that the mice listened to him when he was explaining things to Watson, and he was sure that he had seen the mouse in the suit taking notes once. It pleased him to think that he had a little counterpart in the mouse world, using his methods to combat whatever crimes rodents perpetrated. He wanted to give them a little gift to show that he noticed and appreciated them, but he was conscious that he could very easily frighten them away by showing them direct notice. Hence, he was crouched behind his door with a lump of fine cheese and a miniscule notecard inside a small bag held in his hand.
It was a warm spring that year. I began my work in our garden, putting out seeds and small plants. Holmes’s hives had woken up, the garden and the meadow buzzing with activity.
I have never asked Holmes how it was that he knew of the Armistice before it was agreed. It was surely associated with his intelligence work for the government, but I have never cared to know the details. The important fact is that he was there at that joyful moment.
He watched as I reached for the honey. I carefully removed the lid from the jar, then dipped in the wooden dipper. I drizzled some of the honey on his chest, watching the golden droplets move through his chest hair and over his skin. I lowered my head and licked cautiously. He let out a sigh and shivered slightly. Emboldened, I moved to lick some honey from one of his nipples. He moaned in his throat, the sound sending a wave of desire straight to my prick. I continued, lapping and nibbling at his skin until all the honey was gone. The I gathered some more from the jar, drizzling it again over his chest and onto his stomach. The noises he made as I licked up this second anointing were gorgeous, unrestrained and wanton. I didn’t know how much longer I would be able to go without having him.
Holmes thought that, on the whole, it was the best event he had attended in some time.
I tried to persuade my legs to move faster, but stiffness had set into my old wound that proved impossible to shift. My leg buckled under the attempt, and Holmes had to hold me up. His attitude immediately shifted.
She beamed. “We have blackcurrant, gooseberry, strawberry, and bramble jelly. Three pence a jar.”
Turning to me as he removed an envelope sitting atop the other contents, he said, “This chest used to belong to me when I was a child. I used it to store things I wished to conceal from my father. I thought it had been lost.”
I grinned, then drew him to his feet. “I doubt it very much.” I murmured.
I do not know how long I remained there. I think that I must have fallen asleep for a time, but the time stretched out interminably. I was always watched by at least one man, so there was no possibility of escape.
I smiled. “My love, I would like nothing more.”
“Would you like me to wash you?” he asked.
“Shall we make some more?” he asks, holding out his hand to me. “We have time enough left.”
“This is lovely,” I murmured when we pulled back. “But I sense you want more. What shall we do?”
At last, I heard signs of a disturbance outside. Several uniformed officers burst in and there was a scuffle between them and the assembled gang of lackeys. My guard left to join his strength to the struggle, but at last all were subdued. Lestrade and Holmes entered as the men were being cuffed. While Lestrade secured the boss, Holmes came to me, dropping to his knees beside me.
“I would love some,” the doctor said as they made their way into the kitchen.
It was 10:55 am on 11th November 1918 that my dearest friend entered the duty surgeon’s office at the hospital where I was stationed.
We walked on towards the cottage with a new spring in our steps. By the time we got there, I was very much looking forward to my cup of tea.
“We could bathe afterwards.”
We entered the woods together, stepping into Holmes’s realm. In the spaces between the trees, I could see cobwebs covered with dew. They seemed to sparkle in response to his passing, the magic in the place calling out to the magic in him. He caressed the trunks of the trees as we passed them, and I felt a sort of happy energy moving through the place. It was as though nature was welcoming him back.
For the prompt 'timing'.
“Beautiful,” he murmured. “My Holmes.”
When we got inside, Holmes took me in his arms.
It had been a long day. All of my most difficult patients seemed to have waited to be ill at the same time, and every one had queried my diagnosis. I sighed heavily as I climbed the stairs to our sitting room, wanting nothing more than to spend a quiet evening and get an early night. Holmes was sitting by the fire when I stepped through the door, perusing an evening paper. He looked up at me, taking in my expression.
He withdrew and I got dressed. Then I retrieved my bathing costume and a towel and, finally, went downstairs. Holmes was waiting for me in the kitchen. He had poured me a glass of milk and had evidently just finished his own.
I kissed him hungrily, and he responded with equal fervour. It would not be the first time we had made love on the rug before our fire, our passions having not infrequently taken us over. Placing the honey jar on the table, I began to work at his buttons as he was already working at mine. With much giggling, we managed to get each other out of our clothes and sink to the floor. I pushed him back on the rug and took in the beautiful sight before me. He was half hard and flushed with passion, his lips red with our kissing.
I shivered, looking up into his eyes. “What shall you do?”
He nodded. Silently, he raised a hand to cup my cheek and gently brush away the tears that had begun to fall.
“Welcome, John,” he said warmly, his smile bright.
“All well?” I asked.
Holmes blushed and looked away. He was by no means confident about his abilities in warming his lover.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Would you join me for a stroll along the shore, my dear?” he asked.
He removed his hand and closed it around my wrist. “Then pleasure me.”
“You could hold me,” I said, shifting over on the bed.
“Perhaps we should have a bath,” he suggested.
“Well, then,” he said, “I love the idea. Do you think we can make it to the bedroom?”
She looked up at me and smiled. “Welcome, Dr Watson. I’ll show you how to check books out, then you can be on the desk with me.”
“A bumper crop,” I observed.
I smiled. “A marvellous suggestion, my dear.”
“You’re so beautiful,” Holmes murmured.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” I replied.
I laughed. “As often as I can, my darling.”
We had wrapped up a case that afternoon. It had been a tricky affair, taking several days. As we had sat over dinner in the evening, feeling replete and serene, Holmes had said that he wanted to do something special. In whispers, we decided on this night-time excursion. We were heading toward the woods, where we planned to have a small adventure.
“To Mousecliff?” I asked.
My experiences of opera have generally fallen into one of two camps. Either the performance is wonderful, and I come away stunned, or it seems to drag on forever. Unfortunately, this evening’s offering fell into the latter category.
“What is this, Holmes?” I asked.
“Thank you for letting me share this with you,” he said softly.
Leaving my chair, I went to him. I took his hands in mine and drew him to his feet. “My dear Holmes,” I murmured, “I never dreamed that you felt that way. I have loved you for such a long time.”
“An excellent idea,” he replied.
“Mine,” he growled before pushing himself up. He fumbled into our bedside drawers to retrieve our jar of oil. “I shall have you, my Holmes. I shall have you so you feel it tomorrow and remember who owns you.”
I smiled. “I quite agree, my dear.”
“You won’t. Please.”
“Thank you, sir,” she said as I handed over my shilling.
The sky was clear, and the day promised hot. I took a deep breath of the air, savouring the morning stillness. It was going to be a good day.
The boss gave another of his unpleasant smiles. “You had best hope he doesn’t. Put our guest in the corner out of the way, boys.”
“Do you ever find yourself becoming weary of London?” I asked. This had been growing on mind lately, a feeling of wanting to slow down.
When they reached the lake, they set up the blanket and the picnic they had brought, then began to strip off for their swim. Holmes laughed when he saw that Victor had forgone putting on his bathing costume.
I had been telling Basil for months that he needed to take a long break. At last, he relented, consenting to a fortnight’s trip to Mousecliff on Sea.
He kissed the shell of my ear, then bit the lobe. I gasped and shifted on his lap, growing harder at the promise of his words. He released me then, and I got up and went to the bedroom. My hands now trembled for an entirely different reason as I stripped off.  I was hard and ready for him, already beginning to leak. I put the collar around my neck, enjoying the familiar feeling of the smooth leather and the coolness of the buckle. It was as I finished fastening it that I heard the door open behind me. I turned to see Watson, noticeably hard in his trousers, his face a picture of pure desire. He locked the door behind him, then pulled me to him and kissed me hard. His hands roamed my bare back, travelling down to squeeze my arse. The fingers of one slipped between my buttocks, teasing my hole and leaving goosebumps in their wake.
“Thank
Hopkins laughed. “How fast can we run? I’m afraid I want you rather badly.”
For Holmes, one of the best things about staying with Victor at Donnithorpe was the wide-open spaces of the estate. Each day’s activities provided opportunities for seclusion and the young lovers took full advantage. Indeed, Holmes believed there was almost no corner of the estate where they had not shared a kiss.
“Thank God,” I breathed.
I felt him kiss my throat, just above the collar, and I tilted my head to give him better access. He smiled against my skin and nuzzled my jawline with his nose. Eventually, reluctantly, we had to move. He cleaned us both gently with a towel, then gathered me into his arms beneath the blankets.
He clearly understood my implication, because he let the subject drop. We talked about old times while we drank our tea. I realised then just how much I had missed such moments. When we had finished our tea, he helped me to ferry my things up to my room. It was a lovely room, with a large window and a double bed.
Mr Holmes had called us all in on a job. There were some robberies he wanted looking in to, loot to be traced. As we were leaving, I had seen a fresh batch of rock cakes sitting in the kitchen. I sidled in to nab one, but Mrs Hudson’s hand closed around my wrist just as I picked my prize up.
This was certainly very flattering. However, I had to think about how far I was willing to discuss my methods. The patient, after all, had been Holmes, and some of my methods had been somewhat controversial.
Soon, he had finished creating the shelter. He led me inside and proceeded to light a fire. He breathed on the fire in his special way to coax it into giving enhanced heat, then he wrapped his arms around me. I relaxed against him with a happy sigh.
The extra pain was enough to send me over the edge, and I came with a whine. It was the most intense orgasm he had ever given me, and as I surrendered to bliss, I felt him follow me to his climax. He spilled into me with a moan, mouthing blindly at my neck and digging his fingers into my hips where he held me. After panting for several moments, he carried me to the bed, and we tumbled down together. We lay in a mess of tangled limbs, his cock softening inside me. The warm and reassuring weight of him on top of me made me feel safe and loved.
He grinned. “That sounds perfect.”
“I love you,” he whispered, softly kissing the detective’s cheek. “Will you dance with me?”
He blushed prettily and I could not resist kissing him. His lips were soft and sweet against mine, his hands moving to tangle in my hair as I held him closer. When we pulled back for air, I could see that his eyes were sparkling with a happiness that matched my own.
“Quite,” he replied.
“Please do,” Holmes replied with a smile.
“I believe we owe each other a dance, my darling,” he said.
“Despite the heat,” he murmured against my skin, “I should like a bath.”
When we sat down for a late tea of cold cuts, we were both tired and happy. He smiled at me over his teacup and raised it in a silent toast. I raised mine too and clinked them together.
Amongst Holmes’s hobbies is sea swimming. In mid spring, he announced that he was planning to start again.
As soon as we arrived, we checked in at the local inn, then went in search of some supper. At a restaurant, we ordered cheese and chips to take away. We took our meals down to the beach and sat side-by-side on the sand to eat.
When he arrived back at university, it took Holmes rather longer to unpack his things back in his lodgings. He had so many regrets about how he had handled the case of Victor’s father. With a heavy sigh, he lay back on his bed and closed his eyes. Memories swam through his head of joyous nights spent there with Victor. He knew that memories would surface in so many places around the university. He heaved another deep sigh. This case of heartbreak would take a long time to mend.
“Good morning,” I greeted him, brushing a hand over his shoulder.
“Welcome home, my darling,” he murmured, a hand coming up to stroke my cheek.
In stunned silence, I stood up and embraced him. After a moment’s surprise, he wrapped his arms around me and squeezed me back.
He chuckled. “My housekeeper came in for some greater responsibilities, so I am a little more self-sufficient these days.”
“Are you sure?” I asked. He had not been the receiving partner for some time, and I did not want him to be hurt.
He joined me on the bed and kissed me with eagerness, stroking me lazily as his tongue plundered my mouth. After several moments, he pulled away and looked down at me.
“You must teach me to make jam this year,” I said.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
She grinned, delighted to be spoken to like a real lady, and gave a curtsey. “My pleasure, Dr Watson,” she replied.
“Johnny Town-Mouse was born in a cupboard. Timmy Willie was born in a garden. Timmy Willie was a little country mouse who went to town by mistake in a hamper …"
He lowered his head to kiss and nibble my neck, working his way up to my ear. “I shall strike you,” he purred. “I want you to remember how to behave.”
He joined me in the bed, and we sat propped against the headboard. He smiled warmly.
I shivered as he removed the lid from the jar and slicked his fingers. He breached me with one, swiftly followed by a second. He stroked slowly, deliberately avoiding my prostate. I couldn’t help whimpering as he stretched me, and he smiled in satisfaction.
He gasped and giggled, before drawing me into a sweet kiss.
I could see that he was still concerned but allowed for my superior medical knowledge. He gently helped me to my feet and led me towards the door. I tried to ignore the way that his tenderness made my heart flutter.
“Yes,” I replied earnestly. “More than I have been in years.”
“God,” he said. “That was incredible, but I feel terribly sticky. Could we go and bathe now?”
“Who do you belong to, Holmes?” he rasped into my ear.
“Fair’s fair,” I replied with a shrug.
“I am rather bruised and battered, but I don’t think any serious damage has been done,” I tried to reassure him.
I had not thought of that, but it was very appealing. “I would love to,” I replied. “Thank you, darling.” I pressed a soft kiss to his cheek.
“I’ll leave you to unpack and settle in,” he said once we had moved everything up.
“Would you prepare me?” he asked, pulling back from my mouth.
I was up early that morning and was already drinking coffee and crunching toast by the time Holmes came down. He sat down opposite me and poured himself a cup of coffee from the pot.
I smiled and gave him a soft kiss. “It was magnificent,” I murmured. “I love you.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He guided me to sit on his lap, then I opened the box. Inside lay a black leather collar. I could not bear to look at him as he took in the sight.
“Wonderful,” he murmured.
How do you measure a life lived with someone you love? I look at my Holmes in the golden sunlight in our garden, and I think of all the time we have had together. The laughter we have shared is shown in the lines on his face. His hands, now a little less deft than they used to be, tell the story of hours of work, and remind me of hours of pleasure too. His lips curve into one of the soft smiles he saves only for me, and I think of the thousands of kisses we have shared. His eyes carry none of the habitual hardness of his working days as they meet mine.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He wrapped his arms around me and leaned down to bring our lips together. At a touch, I opened my lips for him, and he twined his tongue with mine. The taste of the jam mingled with the familiar taste that was indescribably him. When he pulled away, we smiled at each other.
“My dearest, I have missed you so,” he murmured.
I nodded. “It was. I’m very grateful to be here now.”
“Do hurry up, Watson,” Holmes urged me as we stumbled along the street to the railway station. “We shall miss our train and have to stay the night.”
“I might hurt you.”
“I do not fall in love easily, John,” he continued. “I need to know a person first.” He paused again. “I have never loved someone like I love you.”
I was not entirely sure how it would go down with Watson, but I had nursed this fantasy for some time. I had to try to indulge it. Somewhat tentatively, I approached him with my jar of honey.
He smiled. “Excellent. We can go before breakfast.”
When I had finished reading, I looked up at Holmes. He was concentrating on dressing the wound on my thigh, but I could see his lips were drawn tight. I understood then just how worried he had been.
I took hold of my straining prick and worked it in time with his thrusts. My orgasm was almost in reach. I could feel myself trembling, ready to feel that heady bliss. Unerringly, he moved a hand to pinch one of my nipples. I plunged headlong into my climax, my seed spilling over my stomach as I moaned my beloved’s name. After several more hard thrusts, he followed me over the edge, spending into me, then collapsing to the bed beside me.
She grinned and gave a little wiggle of excitement. I picked her up and stood her on my feet. She giggled, wrapping her little arms around my waist. As Holmes continued to play, I danced her around the room. When the music built to a crescendo, I scooped her up and twirled her around. She shrieked and laughed helplessly.
He opened the envelope, read the contents, then passed it to me.
He was waiting at the door of the cottage when my cart drew up. He greeted me warmly, shaking me by the hand.
I nodded, sure that if I tried to speak no sound would come out. My prick hung heavy between my legs, and I was ready to receive my punishment. He raised the riding crop and brought down across my buttocks. I grunted at the sting, feeling my prick stir. His next strike brought a moan from my throat. I could just see him through my parted legs, and it was obvious how much he was enjoying this. He struck me again and I whimpered, my abused skin and neglected cock both aching. This was delightful torture. The final two blows came fast, one after another, leaving me trembling.
To that I had to agree whole-heartedly. “Happy New Year, Holmes.”
“I’m sorry,” I said. “It looks like we’re stuck here for tonight.”
“Hmm, I don’t think it’s quite ready,” he pronounced. Then he scooped up the jam and thrust the spoon into his mouth.
“Nobody knows how to pamper quite like Mrs Hudson,” Holmes mused, giving me a gentle squeeze.
“See if you can decipher it,” he responded in typically cryptic fashion.
“Thank you for sharing this with me,” he murmured.
Spring had given way to Summer. All the trees were in full leaf, and flowers bloomed everywhere. Our garden was a riot of colour.
“Those are not for you,” she said sternly. “You can have that one, as you’ve handled it, but I want you to help me with the washing up as payment.”
