, Sherlock thought.
Nothing graphic. So, yeah.
, oh, how he wanted. So much and right now, all at once. He wanted to keep Sherlock's hard cock in his hand, feel it hot and moving, stroke him until he would come. But there was also something else he wanted to do, and he did not want to lose the opportunity. He wanted to do it for his own sake, and he wanted to do it for Sherlock. Wanted to feel his reaction, wanted to make him squirm.
Sherlock must think he had just ditched him. What if he had tried to get in touch, called or texted John and gotten no reply.
Sometimes, he had imagined John coming home late one night, slightly pissed after another date gone bad. He would simply walk into Sherlock’s bedroom, climb into his bed, crawl on all fours on top of him. He’d tuck his face in Sherlock’s neck, mumblingly ask for permission to kiss him, and Sherlock would whisperingly give it-
”Christ, are you - crying?”
The reply was instant.
”One evening, just a few days after I got there, we were sitting over a glass of port after dinner. Victor began to talk about my habit of observing; about how I could figure things out by inference. His father thought he was exaggerating, so he challenged me to deduce what I could of him.”
Sherlock didn't reply, but kept staring down, John felt his gaze intensely locked on him and what he was doing. When John closed his hand around Sherlock's naked hardness and gave it a few pumps with his fist, Sherlock let out a groan that made John do the same. He was painfully hard himself now, and he decided to let go of Sherlock for the briefest of moments, in order to unzip his jeans and relieve a bit of the intense pressure. He wasn't sure Sherlock even noticed.
Many times, too many, John had since allowed himself to get lost in fantasies about what might have happened if he hadn’t gathered his very last shred of self control, that day. It made for great masturbatory material, but, he’d discovered, always came with a price, in form of a wistful, heavy feeling in his chest afterwards. It is what it is, he’d tried to say to himself.
”Tease,” Sherlock murmurs.
Gabe straightened his back and locked his eyes on Sherlock, who was squirming in his seat.
”Loo? Go first if you want.” John nods towards the door, and yes, come to think of it, he actually needs that quite badly. Still half hard but manages, anyway. Washes off quickly and brushes his teeth while he’s at it.
Couldn’t Mycroft keep his long nose out of Sherlock’s personal matters for just one bloody day, would that really be too much to ask?
For hours last night, after the text, John had been trying to formulate a letter to leave for Sherlock. But it had been really hard. No matter how he began, it would always end up the same way as the text he really had wanted to send - as a desperate plea for another chance, a frantic declaration of love.
A lump is forming in his throat, and in his stomach, a terrifying, big swirl of emotions is growing stronger. He swallows.
“John, by the way,” he'd said in that typical manner of his, “it's good to have you back at Baker Street,” and his smile had seemed so genuine that John was compelled to return it.
“Come on in, John.”
Sherlock sighs. ”John, I-”
This was almost more than John could bear. And then something even worse happened.
It’s four days before Christmas, half past six in the evening, and Sherlock is caught in a nightmare of last minute shoppers right outside of Harrods. Had completely forgotten about that whole Christmas situation, not relevant, but now that oversight has come back to bite him as he tries to make his way out of the compact crowd.
”So I’m thinking. Maybe Sherlock just doesn’t know how to tell you, especially seeing that you two never even talked about… stuff like this. Maybe that’s why he’s avoiding you?” Mike raised his eyebrows and shrugged. ”Like I said, I’m only guessing here, John.”
”In about an hour and a half,” said John. ”We’ve got time to sit here for a little while longer. I need to get my strength back. Besides, it’s really beautiful out here today, not counting the mess.” He looked around the garden.
. However, in light of the recent events-”
”What’s that?” she asked, pointing at a particularly striking, blue butterfly that had landed on a plant before them, slowly flapping it’s wings.
He quickly removed the condom and then lay down on the bed, put an arm and a leg around Sherlock and pulled him close. They were both panting, their chests rising and falling in tandem.
“The women you've been with, John... they were too weak for you. They couldn't match you, didn't give you enough of a challenge. Mary was an exception, she was strong enough, but other things were lacking-” Sherlock's voice was darker than usual when he spoke, raspy, perhaps it was from the drinking. “And after she shot me, you completely lost your attraction to her. I would be surprised if you even could get it up after that.”
He really doesn’t know what else to say, and Mrs Holmes seems to take his silence as a quiet understanding. She smiles, warmly.
Hurries to put a finger across Sherlock’s (perfect, wet, flushed) lips. ”Don’t answer.”
He was getting there, but saw that she was about to tell him, anyway.
He was a little bit surprised by the fact that it was true.
John was here now, kissing him senseless, and he had said he was going to fix everything, and he would. John would not let Sherlock down.
”Take a wild guess,” John says, and is about to ask her if she’s a smoker, too, when his phone buzzes once - then once again, before he’s even had a chance to reach for it. Then, two seconds later, again.
”You actually think you’re going to have a relationship with Sherlock! Oh it’s just too much!” she said, and started to laugh again.
”Ah,” John laughs. ”I take it the brother is not the most punctual one, th-” He stops mid sentence. ”Um. Is your partner’s name by any chance Mycroft?”
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, pretended to sleep. Planned to sleep, in fact. Tried to doze off again.
But he'd been wrong about things like this, before. This was the only area where his skills would falter.
John reaches around him, takes a firm hold on his arse, and then pulls his hips down and
“I am going to report you to the police!” one of the women yelled. “You are a monster! A murderer!”
“John...” Sherlock decided it was probably safe to move his hips a little. He did. It felt amazing, but he still needed more. More, right now.
“But then what!” Sherlock had a deep furrow between his eyebrows now, annoyance radiating from his eyes. “Why would I be so bloody different!”
”He thought he was looking out for me.”
”I will not stand for any more of this hiding and sneaking about. Not in my house, not in this day and age. We’re all old enough to be well past that, don’t you think?”
”Fine, whatever,” said the young man. ”You seem to be doing such a spectacular job at helping yourself, so, by all means, leave.”
”Oh but you should,” she said. ”You know what I think? I think he is just - bored. He’ll toss you away like a dead mouse when he’s finished playing with you.”
But just before he got out of the car, Sherlock paused, hesitated.
In fact, it was not at all good. It was something bad, lurking behind that polite smile.
When she’s left, John stands there to gather his composure, exhales slowly through the nose. After a moment, he goes up the stairs to find Sherlock’s old bedroom. He wishes he could stay to have a closer look around, but it will have to wait. He puts his bag down by the foot board of the bed, then hurries back down to the kitchen.
”Come’ead, lid. I’ll ’ave a bifter with you before you go.”
Sherlock thought he might have made a sound, a long vowel sort of sound, but he wasn’t sure. His mind was beginning to disconnect, in that way that usually only heroin or a strong dose of benzo caused it to.
“Tell you what?” Sherlock panted. He had a little bit of trouble thinking straight; the wet slide of John's dick between his buttocks turned out to be a rather powerful distractor.
In the soft light from the bedside lamp, John thinks that Sherlock looks almost ethereal, with his pale skin and his dark locks spread like halo on the white pillowcase. Side by side, legs tangled, kissing, panting into each other’s mouths.
It helps to get out of the house, the chilly winter air a nice change from the stuffy indoor heat. It’s a clear, sunny day, and so quiet out here compared to the city. The house is surrounded by fields and a few small islands of trees, everything covered in frost and snow. By the bird feeder Daddy’s put up, a male
John was taking off his clothes as well, and he, too, seemed to be somewhat more affected this time. Then John came closer, put his hands on his hips.
”Mike, I need to ask you something. You know, I sort of get the feeling that Sherlock is avoiding me. It’s like I’ve done something that pissed him off, but I just can’t figure out what. You see him now and then at Bart’s, don’t you?”
It didn’t seem like he expected an answer, so John just hummed a bit, feeling dizzy. Then he couldn’t hold back a low moan, as Sherlock started to stroke him and simultaneously leaned over John’s leg to let his open mouth skim John’s balls in the lightest of touch, then surprising John by nipping at the delicate skin there with his lips.
John couldn't help but smile a little. He tightened his grip around Sherlock, pulled him in even closer.
”Baker Street 221, please hurry!”
And once again, John felt himself go into that strange, emotionally disconnected mode. His pulse normalized, so did his breathing. It was almost like he was removed from himself, watching from the outside.
“Alright,” was all he replied.
Uh oh. A bit rude, perhaps. But he meant it. Meant every word.
”I am so very, very sorry for what happened that night,” he said, slowly. ”I made some terrible mistakes, and you were the one who had to pay for them. I really need you to know that hurting you was the last thing I ever wanted to do.” He closed his eyes for a moment, shook his head. ”Please accept my apology.”
She got up from the floor, winced as she stretched out the pain from sitting on a hard kitchen floor for way too long. John hadn't even reflected on his own discomfort, but now felt it and then did the same.
… was amazing.”
”Such a sweet boy, he was. Heartbreaking, really, to lose both parents at such a young age-”
”Can I bring lunch?” John speaks so quickly it takes Sherlock a little while to process what he’s saying.
He cupped his hand over Sherlock's erection.
Well, it was primarily Sherlock who was doing the talking, just like he had been last night in the park. He went on about his work, cases, people who had annoyed him. Sometimes he’d launch into long monologues of scientific reasoning; debating out loud with himself, once in a while getting his phone to cross-check some seemingly important fact.
Or, and his pulse picked up speed at the thought, was Sherlock hurt in some way? Was he in pain, and was that why he was making those sounds?
The woman and her husband sounded like they were active in the art world, and John worried a bit that he wouldn’t have anything to say to them. But never mind, he thought, it was nice just to get out for a night.
”Couldn’t you have figured that out, oh I don’t know, let’s say maybe before you got married and had a baby?”
John felt a raw happiness shooting up inside of him, warming him to the core.He intensely wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock, but instead had to sit and watch as Gabriel did exactly that.
Sherlock was completely exhausted from the emotional roller coaster of the last 24 hours. His eyelids felt heavy like lead. He tucked his face in John’s neck again, felt the soothing rhythm of his pulse. John was stroking his hair. He let his eyes fall shut.
Hands roaming over Sherlock’s neck, arms, back. When he feels John’s hands sliding down lower, Sherlock’s breath hitches.
”He weren’t in the car, was called there after the hostage situation had become clear. Lestrade came to the scene, found out that the clerk held hostage was a young woman, seven months pregnant, and offered to take her place before anyone had a chance to stop him. Always the genteman. I’ll fuckin’ kill him when this is over.”
, oh God what has he done-
”It’s been way too long,” she’d exclaimed. ”You look great, John. And that new job of yours, wow. I hear you’ve become quite the big shot over there!”
Greg carefully opens the door, kneels to reach his tied hands out for the brown paper bag, then backs up to take it inside. John sees Greg’s eyes lock on Sherlock’s for a brief moment, his head moving once in an almost unnoticeable, single nod. Sherlock nods back, reassuring.
Sherlock found himself leaning into the kiss, couldn’t help but return it. How could he not, after waiting and hoping and dreaming about it for so long.
“Good!” John snapped. “Frankly, I can't understand why that particular information is even allowed to clutter up your mind. I thought you said you deleted irrelevant things? You've deleted the solar system, so...” his voice trickled off. This was too weird.
Gabe stopped in his tracks. Sherlock did, too.
The bed was stripped down to the mattress, a duvet and some pillows neatly stacked at the foot of the bed. Oh dear god. Where had he gone, what had he done?
”Oh my God.” John looked absolutely bewildered. ”Sherlock, I’m-” He paused, shook his head. ”I’m so sorry, I don’t know what got into- I’m sorry.”
Rebecca’s lips are soft, she tastes nice, smells good. There is absolutely nothing to complain about, so when he feels her hand on his thigh, moving upwards, he shifts, tries to prevent it. He’s not hard and he doesn’t know why the hell that is, and he certainly doesn’t want her to notice.
Forces himself to get out of bed. Finds his pants and his T-shirt, puts them on. Ignores the nausea and the headache and stumbles over to John’s phone, plugged into a charger by the desk.
More wine. Much needed. Conversation flows easier. Despite what John said earlier, there
“Edward, hello, it's Shezza. I require your services.”
It’s memories of times long gone - forgotten or, in some cases, deleted. Memories of the young boy he once was; usually seems like a lifetime ago but tonight, now, it’s so close he could touch it.
Christ. It was pure agony, lying there listening to this emotional outburst.
Sherlock heard words like amazing, gorgeous, beautiful-
********************
How has Sherlock fared, all these years when John hasn’t been at his side? Surely doing more than fine with the work itself, John has no trouble admitting that much to himself, but- what about this?
Sherlock. The man who had shook John out of his miserable existence and brought him back to the world of the living again. The man who had let John get close enough to see a vulnerable heart beneath that odd, aloof exterior. They had built their lives around each other. Saved each other,
”’course,” Sherlock says. He’s sitting absolutely still, legs crossed almost as if meditating, right there on the sidewalk in the freezing night. John has lost track of time, quickly glances at the computer screen. It’s close to midnight.
That evening, in his quiet flat, John had really thought about it, long and hard. Eventually, he’d made up his mind. Mike was right. It was time to start getting back on track.
”Give me the fucking phone!” he shouted in her face.
“Oh,” he said, a teasing smile on his lips. He wanted to make Sherlock squirm, wanted it badly. It was his turn now.
”Oh, ok.” He was silent for a while, but Sherlock could see he was not going to let this go just yet.
, for once.
Sherlock beamed, and as expected continued to fish for more praise.
”Oh. Thanks,” he said, briefly wondering when he had managed to put it there. But, never mind. He took the few steps to the kitchen.
”Oh God,” John panted. ”You madman.”
”Amazing, fantastic-”
********************
He was aware that it was a bit too much – no, a whole lot too much, if one only saw to how short of time they'd been together as lovers. But he really didn't think it was fair to see their relationship in the light of just how long they'd been having sex.
Sherlock gets dressed, chooses his outfit with care. Wants to look nice and relaxed, even though he’s anything but. It takes John longer than Sherlock was expecting, so he starts to wander around the flat, picking up things, trying to get it somewhat in order. It’s really gotten a bit out of hand lately, he thinks. Funny how he didn’t even notice before last night.
”You keep telling me that I should have said something! What, why! Because you gave me so much HOPE?” Sherlock was suddenly feeling very angry.
********************
”You’re perfect,” he mumbles. ”So fucking perfect.”
“Come sit, Mary,” he asked her. “Let's go about this as the persons we both want to be.”
Thinks that there’s still a chance that he’s wrong. Thinks about how John had looked at him, last night. How his hand had brushed over Sherlock’s cheek. How that definitely had not seemed devoid of feelings.
“I'm going to go to Sheila's, she invited me over. I'll bring the stroller so Anna can go to sleep there. Don't wait up.”
Sherlock wanted so badly to say something more. Find a way to meet John, again. He could work it into this little game, even. He toyed with the thought of giving John his card, telling him to come in to give a statement. Something like that would work. John would think it was funny.
”Fuck, you feel amazing,” John manages to get out, and through his haze he notices how Sherlock immediately responds to this, gripping him tighter, and John continues.
Sherlock was still breathing heavily, rocking his hips slowly into John's fist that he was still providing.
As Sherlock has taught him, he steals a glance at her shoes.
”Please.”
But he did care, a great deal, of course he did. It was impossible to stop thinking about this. John, jealous? Maybe not actually being mad about the secretly-gay-thing, but instead - jealous? But jealous as a friend - or as a lover? Gabe had certainly seen it the latter way. Sherlock added this potential piece of the puzzle to the rest.
He’d collected his things from Knightsbridge, suffered through a few talks. But for the last two weeks, everything had finally been sorted, and he was now firmly settled at Baker Street again.
He put a muscular thigh heavy on top of Sherlock's, his right hand stroked in sweeping movements across his chest, carefully avoiding to touch the large scar from the gunshot wound.
John started to kiss his way down Sherlock’s body, stopping briefly to suck on his nipples, first one, then the other. He kissed the large scar over his heart, so gently. Sherlock knew what John was thinking, and he squirmed a bit to get John away from there, not wanting those thoughts to get too firm a grip on John tonight.
His mind went back to Sherlock again, him and Sherlock on the sofa.
Then, John. Initially, not much use with the rent situation, of course. Sherlock had known that but there had been something about this small army doctor that had struck a cord so deep down inside that Sherlock hadn’t even been aware it had existed.
Sherlock leaned down, they kissed some more.
”No no,” Sherlock says again, trying to force a smile. ”I’m fine, I’m just- I’m just a little-”
wake up happy and smiling? What if this didn’t mean the same thing for him, at all, what if-
”Are you real?” Sherlock asks, his voice shaky, his face grave. There is a hint of fear in his eyes.
”What do you mean?”, said John, almost whispering. ”What do you mean, you waited - years? For me?” He looked completely confused.
Sherlock found himself lying on his back in his bed, with his open shirt flowing out on his sides. John was sitting on top of him, straddling his thighs, but was leaning over enough to keep kissing.
”Sherlock, ehm.” He drew a breath, hesitated. ”Please don’t get mad, but-”
He thought he had been prepared, but when his eyes landed on Sherlock’s name, John thought he was going to be sick to his stomach.
John shivered and was suddenly afraid that he was going to come, right then and there, but after a moment of silently going through the twenty-seven bones of the hand, it thankfully subsided enough for him to continue. He leaned in for another kiss.
and then,
But then there was that little sliver of doubt. He couldn’t let it go. No, no matter how hard he tried, John couldn’t make this sacrifice without being absolutely certain.
He tried to block the thought, but couldn't do it fully. What had happened during the night? Mrs. Hudson had said it was really bad. What if the doctors hadn't been able to- NO!
On John's side, but at a respectful distance, stood a small group of people - three men and one woman. Japanese, Sherlock deduced. In London for a convention. Arrived yesterday, flew British Airways, took the evening flight from Narita Airport.
John laughs. ”No but. I would love to, Sherlock, that would be.. great. If you don’t think your parents would mind?”
”Whoops,” Sherlock says. John leans forward from the other corner of the sofa, puts a napkin on the table to soak it up. His gaze is fixed on Sherlock: a doctor’s eyes, assessing.
To leave a letter like that, would be the complete opposite of what he had promised Mycroft to do, and worse, what he had sworn to himself to protect Sherlock from.
Many things, he thinks, but hesitates. Not certain he really wants to hear the answers, after all.
. Whose hand is in Sherlock’s hair still, holding rather than stroking.
”Do you think she’ll like it?” Sherlock asked nervously.
Sherlock smiled. ”That’s what I was hoping for, you know.”
”God,” Sherlock gasps as John begins to stroke him, matching the pace of his thrusts. ”God, John, God-”
“He's seeing that actor guy. The one we met that night at the restaurant, remember? They appear to have gotten quite serious, really fast.”
”I’m sorry, sweetheart,” John said, feeling a little bit bad now. ”But I hope I made it up to you after,” he added with a wink.
John stopped talking. Man, all those words and he hadn’t even finished his first beer. He considered briefly to go get a quick shot, or three, at the bar.
Deletes the last message. Continuous effort to school his breathing, to keep the anxiety from escalating into panic. Inhales, then holds his breath. Exhales.
What was he dreaming? Impossible to deduce. Sherlock reflected for a moment about how dreams were a lot like love; hopeless to define in measurable factors. Maddeningly frustrating to make sense of, that’s what it was. He sighed.
And that is the image that finally does him in. John is tipping over, he’s coming, spurts of hot liquid between them, painting Sherlock’s naked torso and mixing with the wet mess already there.
”You’ve just been through a hell of an ordeal.” John reaches down, hooks his arm in under Sherlock’s, pulls him back up on his feet. ”No wonder you’re shaking. We need to get someone to check on you, too.”
”Sherlock has always been ’different’," Mycroft says sharply. "And now, if you don’t mind, could we perhaps move on from this cry fest? It is, after all, Christmas Day. Joy to the world, and all that.” Mycroft nods toward the album. ”What other fascinating photographs could you bestow upon our poor guests tonight?”
”It’s upstairs, in your old room,” Sherlock said and grabbed John by the hand, impatiently dragging him up the stairs to the floor above.
”Well. Yes.”
When he felt Sherlock beginning to get used to the touch, John hurried to bring his hand up to his mouth, spat in it without bothering to feel gross about it, and then, quickly, he put the tip of his middle finger against Sherlock's hole, and pushed it in. He felt the muscle cramp around his fingertip, and noticed Sherlock trying hard to relax. He was breathing so fast into John's neck, and John got worried that it was too much, too soon.
He winced every time Sherlock’s scars popped up in his mind. As an ex army doctor, John had immediately recognized it for what it was - marks of torture.
Sherlock was mimicking John's motions now, brushing over John’s thigh with his hand, getting dangerously close to his dick on the upstrokes.
”I don’t know how to say this any clearer. I want this marriage to be over. I am going to pack a bag and go over to Baker Street tonight. We'll figure out the details later. I’m sorry, but this is how it's going to be.”
Somehow being loved and then see it vanish, was much harder than to never have experienced it at all.
He sat for a while with his finger hovering above the screen. Yes or no?
Their eyes met again, and John felt certain now that it was arousal he was seeing in Sherlock.
”Alas.” She takes a few steps towards him. ”Although I can’t say I’m surprised. My partner’s younger brother apparently won the battle about who gets to drive the car this time.” Her accent is frighteningly similar to the Queen’s, confirming John’s observations.
He stands in the doorway for a moment, taking it all in. It’s still Baker Street of course: the flat, the furniture, the scents. But…
”Sherlock, please,” he said, scrambling for the right things to say. ”Things may be different, but I promise you, it’s not the end of the world. In fact, I’m very happy I have my daughter, and I think, with a little bit of time, you might come to like her, too.”
Gabe looked furious.
. They fall into a soft, gentle rhythm, moving against each other in synchrony. His hand is trailing down the slope of a strong back, then further down… the soft feel of flannel and, oh Christ.
After a while, it was Mary who caved in to her curiosity.
”Do you remember the night we spent in that barn? On the stake out, in Essex?” John asks out into the darkness.
“Add to that, his long standing pattern of self destructive behaviour. Heroin AND cocaine, John, in amounts enough to kill a person less tolerant! THAT was what happened last night. If you keep this up, you may very well turn out to be the ruin of Sherlock. Do you want that on your conscience?”
A gray and ordinary Tuesday, the phone call from Mrs Hudson. The second floor flat in her town house had become available; he’d taken one quick look and felt intensely that this was where he was supposed to be. Mrs Hudson had already squeezed the rent down to almost embarrassingly low numbers, he’d accepted it gratefully and concealed the fact that he still couldn’t quite afford it.
”John! You're here! Did you kill anyone at work today?” Greg laughed. He wasn’t sober, either. Not remotely, in fact. But he seemed to be in an excellent mood. John laughed, too.
The light in the flat was low, only a few lamp lights were lit, and the warm glow from a dying fire in the fireplace. Some light from the street lamps fell though the windows and cast long shadows on the walls.
The small two bedroom flat he’s been renting since February has no qualities of what he’d consider a home. It was a quick, convenient solution when they finally had decided to separate. Somewhere to sleep, basically. The only room he’s put some sort of effort into is Rosie’s room, and even that could have been done so much better. It’s just that it feels so… pointless.
”Have you?” That emotional mess is back in John’s chest again, he tries to compose himself. Needs to push the implications of this out of his mind for a while, because he’s not willing to lose this moment to sentimentality.
”I was going to say that I hope you know. That I love you. I think I always have.”
Sherlock doesn't understand what he means, but really doesn't want to hear more, anyway. Tries to push away the uncomfortable feeling inside.
”How’s your daughter? And Mary?”
”Must have been hard,” John says, keeping his voice down so that the officers in the front won’t hear.
, oh Christ.
”Guess I can skip my morning run tomorrow,” he said, and Sherlock looked at him with an amused wrinkle between his brows.
”Well actually,” John says to the aunt, ”physical activity can often be the best medicine for arthritis pain. But the effects won’t come overnight, I’m afraid. You need to try to stick with it, find a routine that works for you.”
Sherlock thought about John’s words. Maybe his feelings were indeed reciprocated? The evidence certainly pointed at that. He wondered if he could allow himself to believe it was true.
He was blinking rapidly.
”Couldn’t care less,” he whispers; sits back up again to push Sherlock’s legs further up, until his feet are planted flat on the mattress.
However, he did not think he could stand getting all upset at this moment. He forced his emotions under control again. Maybe he could even ask this person for advice.
”Please,” Sherlock says. He knows he shouldn’t. But this is just…
Love in the way the guy put his arms around Sherlock, and what was worse, love in the way that Sherlock cupped his hands around the guy’s face when he kissed him back.
Gabriel had been on top of him and Sherlock had been on his back with both of his legs up, folded over Gabriel’s shoulders. They had been fumbling and blushing and cursing, and pushing against each other with a level of desperation and desire that only teenage boys are able to possess. It had hurt a lot yet felt amazing, and for a moment Sherlock’s mind had stilled; the new sensations that rushed through his body becoming his single focus.
Already, there had been one phone call from Lestrade, telling him to come get Sherlock at the hospital after he’d gotten a concussion. Some guy had attacked him and Sherlock hadn’t managed to fend him off in time. John knew that wouldn’t be the last time something like it happened, either.
Sherlock finally looks up, sees John’s bewildered expression. ”I know. Sounds like it was a hundred and fifty years ago, doesn’t it.” John just shakes his head, smiling.
John wrote back, and to his immense happiness, Sherlock briefly met his eyes and smiled.
So many memories.
He hears himself grunt, primal instincts taking over as the heat between them keeps rising.
When John speaks, a shiver runs through Sherlock’s body.
Turns out he could. John’s giggling into the pillow, and as always, it makes Sherlock light up inside. Soon they’re both laughing, and maybe it’s just that they’re both fairly tired because it wasn’t even that funny, but neither of them can stop. Eventually, Sherlock wipes tears from underneath his eyes, exhales shakily. ”Oh dear Lord,” he says.
*********************
John pulled out, abruptly.
After a while he managed to keep his eyes open, and was met by the sight of real life John, watching him with concern and confusion.
A short moment later, John knocks once on the bedroom door that Sherlock has left slightly ajar. When there is no reply, he enters. The lamp on the nightstand is left on, spreading a soft glow in the room. To his relief, he notices that the bedroom looks a lot better than the rest of the place, not at all the same chaos there. Sherlock is tucked in under the covers, eyes closed, his breathing slow and heavy. John carefully puts the glass and the pills on the nightstand, then stands back for a while to just watch him sleep.
Sherlock wonders anxiously, then decides that’s probably not what John meant. Living separately, but in the same city, then.
Sees John’s eyes roaming over his chest. ”You’re perfect,” John whispers. ”Beautiful…”
Oh and John was a spectacularly good kisser.
John brings up a hand to swipe away a stray lock of hair from Sherlock’s forehead, strokes his ear, his neck. ”Yeah I know,” he says. ”But you won’t. It’s just the way it feels at first, I promise.”
”In that case, I love you half a million miles, too!”
Oh how Sherlock hates these words. He feels his jaw clench, his shoulders tensing.
”John, goodness, you really don’t have to do this,” Mrs Holmes says as she passes behind him, carrying something. ”It’s a horrible mess in there.”
It was only later, much later, when they were both grown up, that he’d been able to think that maybe she’d been angry with him, too. Angry for not being honest, and for leaving her alone to shoulder the full time position as the black sheep at home.
Trigger Warning!
As he did, and purely by accident, one of his bare feet came into contact with Sherlock’s equally sockless one. It sent what felt like an electrical shock throughout his body. He immediately removed his foot.
The second one was from Sherlock, John got all fluttery inside, felt his pulse raise just at seeing Sherlock’s name on the screen.
The way Sherlock’s tongue had flickered against his own, inside the warm wetness of Sherlock’s mouth. The way his lean, strong body had rocked up against him as John pressed him down on the bed. The gasp he had let out when John first dared to put his hand over his cock, found it hard underneath those thin trousers.
John had dreaded this conversation, put it off for far too long now.
“You're gorgeous,” John said, barely recognizing his own voice. He tried to clear it, because it felt difficult to speak. “Absolute perfection.”
An eternity later, the guests have finally cleared, the left over food has been put away and they have made the fifteen minute drive to the grey stone church where Midnight Mass is held. Daddy and Caroline are staying home with Uncle Rudy, which is a relief in many different ways.
, John’s cock is at least the size he’s estimated. Maybe even a quarter of an inch more in circumference. He tries to wrap his fist around it, as much as he reasonably can, given the barrier of the trousers.
Eventually, he hears the car leaving the driveway.
”John Hamish Watson, do you know what?” Sherlock said.
John turns back, shoots him a quick glance, then averts his eyes again but he’s definitely smiling now, and Sherlock tries to look at John but he can’t.
John’s hand on his hand. John’s hand, under the table, on his knee. John’s shoeless foot on the inside of his thigh. John’s sockless foot on Sherlock’s semi erect cock, skillfully teasing through the trousers. That last part had served as an effective trigger for them to get up from the table and take matters into the bedroom.
”Right,” he says. ”Sorry about that. She was impossible to reason with.”
”Sherlock,” John said softly, moving from kissing his lips to sucking his left earlobe.
“If that's the case,” Sherlock roused him from his thoughts, “then perhaps... if it's not too much to ask...”
”Why are you here?”
This chapter contains a description of the loss of a beloved animal.
In the mental image, Sherlock saw Mycroft sarcastically raising his eyebrows.
What did people say to other people in situations like this? Granted, this was probably a highly unusual situation, but still. Sherlock tried to recall what others had sometimes said to him in efforts to cheer him up.
”God, Sherlock-” John’s voice is breathy, his eyes blown wide open.
The tension in the car is so palpable that it could be cut with a knife. But suddenly Sherlock finds himself thinking - maybe it’s just nerves and all that’s happened and coming down from the drugs - but, yes, he’s thinking,
”What triggered it last night? I saw in your records that you haven’t used in a long time.”
John smiles; a soft, gentle smile. The wrinkles around his eyes (warm, kind) get even more pronounced as he does. Words cannot express how much Sherlock has missed that smile. It fills him with too many emotions, his skin too tight to hold them, might explode.
! And
Now, the floodgates were opened and John was too exhausted to fight it anymore. Hell, he didn’t even want to fight it. He tightened his grip, flicked his thumb over the head and shuddered at the sensation.
John slips his hands inside Sherlock’s T-shirt, strokes over his back, his chest, and Sherlock feels his mouth go slack. God, John’s hands on his skin-
Sherlock smiled. ”I thought that was an obligatory part of a stag night.”
Sherlock steps up to the officer, stands right in front of both the Commander and Sally. ”I want to see all his activity on social media, right now.”
”Oh fuck!” John moaned loudly.
For the second time this night, John wanted to cry.
Captain John H. Watson marched right towards the two men on the dance floor, not bothering to apologize to the people he bumped into along the way.
”Well, didn’t you get lucky,” he sniggered.
Sherlock threw his head back, had to avert his eyes to try to regain some sense of control.
,” he tried for the tenth time, exaggerating the sh-sound as he said it.
Sherlock didn’t quite know what to make of this. All he could think about was John standing there, about to leave.
”Mary and John, I’d like you to meet my friend Gabriel Smith-Sinclair,” he said in an overly formal tone. ”Gabriel, allow me to present Mary and John Watson.”
,” John whispers. ”God, you. You’re…” His breathing gets more ragged, he searches for words, then laughs a breathy laugh. ”You’re the bee’s knees, Sherlock, that’s what you are.” His voice hitches as Sherlock begins to stroke him harder.
He closed down the contact list.
Sherlock let his hand rest over John’s scarred shoulder for a moment.
He sat up at the edge of his seat, and then, in a swift motion, leaned over the space between them and put his hand firmly down between Sherlock's legs. As he had suspected, he felt his cock hard underneath the trousers. Sherlock gasped loudly, the sound filled the otherwise silent room.
. Yes, that’s what he’ll do. Probably the best way out of this. He’ll just pretend to be still asleep, and tomorrow, he won’t say a word about it, and in all likelihood, neither will Sherlock. Just an accident. If he’s really lucky, perhaps Sherlock didn’t even notice that he was hard.
For some reason, this gesture - so
The violin case was on the desk. John opened it and placed the small envelope inside, then carefully shut the case and secured it with the hatch.
”Didn’t say you would,” he says as he begins to exit the small bathroom to go rummage through the kitchen drawers for the glue he’s certain he’s seen there, somewhere. ”But sepsis is a bitch.”
“That's alright,” John said. “I'm over it. In a way, I'm actually relieved, you know. Had made everything even more fucked up if it had been mine.”
Sherlock sat up more. He moved both his palms over the insides of John’s thighs, hard and decisive.
John turned to the men, took a step closer.
This is all my fault, he thought, for the hundredth time since he got to Baker Street.
”It’s deeply unhygienic, you know. The amount of mites and other allergens, not to mention the insane range of bacteria-”
”Mr. Holmes, dealing with emotions and relationships with other people, you know. Those are things that can be learned. Practiced. We don’t all come into this world knowing intuitively what to do. In fact, most people don’t. This is the type of thing I work with. I help people learn new skills.”
John stares at him. Sherlock does his very best to stare back.
Sherlock has heard enough. Quickly turns around and makes his way up the stairs again. Throws himself onto the bed. There’s a thick lump in his throat that can’t be swallowed away.
“Mm hm,” he replied, getting more turned on now than he could ever remember being. John wanted to fuck him. Oh sweet Jesus.
Maybe Sherlock is staring at John’s lips. It’s quite possible he is. Still face to face, barely an inch apart, breathing into each other.
John stopped for a moment before approaching, trying to get his emotions under control.
”Hi, I’m John, the straightest bloke in the history of mankind! Doctor John ’I’M NOT GAY’ Watson! My God John, you should have that tattooed onto your forehead really, would save you the trouble of saying it. Then again, now that you have Mary, I guess you don’t need it.”
”No. I mean, thank you, but I’m good. Not really up for a party.”
They walk in silence. Sherlock has absolutely no idea of what to say. He only knows that it has to be done, has to be brought up in some shape or form, because this is precisely the kind of thing that John could get worked up about. Say ’I wish you would’ve told me’, or ’why did you keep me out’, or something in that general direction.
”Why, John? I mean, you lived with him for years, right, you must have had plenty of opportunities if you were so inclined. I always assumed you were together, that’s why I didn’t reach out to Sherlock earlier!”
“Sherlock,” he said, his voice sounded gravelly and hoarse when he spoke. “I know we've both had far too much to drink tonight, and I don't want you to do anything you might regret later. Are you absolutely sure this is what you want?”
“Yes, but-” John tried to break in.
”Ah, yes, keep going,” he heard Sherlock say. And then, with something that resembled shock, John realized he was getting hard. He was hiding in a doorway, watching his best friend getting sucked off by another man, and getting an erection from it.
In the photo, Sherlock is looking quite a bit more like himself, but still very young and with shorter hair. He's wearing a black robe, ancient looking. The picture is taken outside, he’s sitting on a bench in front of a green, nice looking park. The sun is in his eyes, he’s squinting slightly, has his legs crossed. John’s relieved to see that in this picture, Sherlock is looking more relaxed. Happy, even.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” John said angrily.
. That was what Sherlock had called him, too, but without the vicious edge that Mary’s voice had carried.
Sherlock rolls over to his side, begins to place small kisses on John’s neck, just below his left ear.
Sherlock looks a bit lost, John thinks. Still not used to praise and kind words, not sure what to say.
”What you seem to really suck at, though, is regulating your emotions,” Dr. Riyat said, matter-of-factly.
”It’s not even useful as a guard dog,” John complained.
John’s heart stopped.
”Wait, here’s my c-” John says but Sherlock waves his hand. ”Let me.”
is right - (verbal high five)
“God, you're beautiful,” John said, running his hands across Sherlock's pale but muscular chest. He had to break the touch when Sherlock was pulling on his t-shirt, trying to get it over John's head. John freed himself, and then they were both standing naked in front of each other.
John was falling faster now, tumbling, spinning.
John takes another salmon roll, and Sherlock’s thinking about what to say next, but then John speaks again.
”John,” he murmurs. ”Please,
They lie frozen next to each other in the sofa. Sherlock can tell by the weight of the steps and the the pattern of movement that it’s Daddy, and Christ, can’t these old people
John chuckles. ”Whatever. But you know what was worse?”
He hesitated, considered for a moment how to sign. He wrote, '
“Miss me?”
”Don’t worry.” John hears his own voice all hoarse, raspy. He shifts his body weight to press forward, and is surprised by the unreal sensation of his glans slipping past Sherlock’s ring of muscles. They both groan, loudly, and John sees Sherlock’s mouth form into an o as he tries to control his breathing and muscles. John is using all the self control he has left to keep still.
He then began to fuck Sherlock in earnest.
He stepped inside the pub and squinted his eyes trying to spot his colleagues in the dark.
But in the army, down in Afghanistan, well he’d had his share of lonely, miserable nights, and yes, once in a while he had caved in to the invitation to a mutual wank with another soldier. He had tried not to think too hard about that, since. Chalked it up to normal human psychology, the need for closeness and comfort, a moment’s distraction from the realities of war.
John took the last step towards him, and then his hands were on Sherlock’s arms, grabbing firmly. He made himself meet John’s eye.
Some long seconds later, John attempts to move. With the slightest flexing of his hips, he withdraws a tiny bit, then pushes in again, the slide tight but slick.
Sherlock shut the car door, and John followed him with his gaze until he had disappeared inside the building.
If John happened to have brought home a whole chicken, Sherlock would come up close to hover behind him, commenting and criticizing his technique of disjointing it, then returning to the kitchen chair. He would be chatting away about cases, telling him about odd things he’d read in his scientific journals, and making John describe rare medical symptoms and let Sherlock guess the disease.
In the corner of his eye, John saw Mary.
John’s emotions, thoughts and motives regarding Sherlock continued to elude him, and it was maddening.
There is nothing left of the hesitation John displayed, before. The smile on his face is gone, replaced by a very different expression. ”Good,” he whispers, then slowly runs a thumb across Sherlock’s lower lip. ”I’m glad we got that sorted.”
But then. Suddenly a fluster of activity. And Sherlock hadn’t been on top of things, no, far from it. Mycroft had tried to tell him to stay out of it, had tried to warn him while simultaneously avoiding to give Sherlock so much information that he would be forced to lie to John.
John exhaled in relief, felt his knees get weak and shaky, tears filling his eyes. He re-read the text many times, just to make sure that it really said that Sherlock was in good enough shape to actually leave later today.
But there was something in his reaction, something in his eyes, that made something in John click - a sudden understanding, a newfound confidence. The rather large amount of liquor he'd been consuming helped him greatly to dare to use it.
John sighed again, then buried his face in Sherlock’s hair. He felt John’s hot breath hit his scalp. John mumbled to his hair.
He let his own hand, at first hesitantly, touch Sherlock's thigh, then let it rest there more decisively. Sherlock flexed the muscle and then looked at John, and smiled. Encouraged, John let his hand travel to the inside of his leg, then made his way up, until he was only an inch away from his crotch.
”Relationships?” John echoed, starting to feel a bit uncomfortable even though this was exactly what he wanted to talk about. ”Well I guess it wasn’t exactly The Doctor Phil-show at Baker Street, if you know what I mean.”
After catching his breath, John uses his discarded t-shirt to wipe them sufficiently dry, and Sherlock snuggles up tightly against him. This is how they have been sleeping, ever since that day a couple of weeks ago when they had been sitting in a town car together, and Sherlock had been so brave, and John had grabbed his hand, and everything had changed.
”Er, thanks, but you know - it turned out to be a bit of a mistake. I’m actually divorced now. It was for the best.”
Might as well grab the chance. ”What happened, with Redbeard?”
”…no, but in retrospect, I think she was jealous.”
He felt his knees buckle.
He had lost count of how many times his shoes had come off, and sorely missed the combat boots he’d used to wear in Kandahar. They would have gotten him home a whole lot faster, and dryer too. He cursed quietly as he kept on walking.
”I think I, uh. Need to go. Everybody’s waiting for me, and..”
”Common Green Birdwing. It’s from Australia. It belongs to the Swallowtail family. Only 600 species, but they include the world’s largest butterflies. The Swallowtail caterpillars have horns, you know, behind their heads. Can stink fairly bad.”
John was going to come, after all!
It wasn’t the first time the thought had occurred to Sherlock, but it was without doubt the most serious one, so far. The thought that maybe John would have had enough, this time. Enough of Sherlock. That he would leave.
John sits back to unbuckle his belt, pops the top button of his trousers open.
”Oh, fuck!” Sherlock heard himself say. He couldn’t stand the wait, he needed more.
He would do this for John, too, he thought. Become a better person, for John.
John secretly despised them for it. Well, sometimes he’d say it to them, too. He felt that it was a doctor’s duty to use their knowledge and skills when they were needed, and if that could save a life, well that would most certainly take precedent over the need to finish your coffee.
Sherlock had been very quiet, not saying anything apart from making all those wonderful sounds that made John tingle. But now, suddenly, he looked John straight in the eye and spoke. And what he said sent a sharp shiver through John's body.
”Are you trying to tell me that you didn’t mean it?” John said tensely.
, thought John.
John’s entire body is trembling. He flops down heavily next to Sherlock, wraps his arm around him, pulls him close. It’s wet and sticky and already a bit cold, and John thinks that nothing in this world could be more perfect. This is a moment of bliss, of love, of gratefulness and happiness.
”Nice. Sounds expensive.”
”God!” he exclaimed loudly, only to realize Sherlock had said the same word at the same time.
Although Mycroft seemed reluctant to give John much information, he had at least gotten the impression that this wasn't something that had been spiraling out of control for any longer period of time.
The silence seems to stretch out for a long time.
!) ”because you’ve been hellbent on telling me, over years! Over years, that you’re not gay. So, what happened? Why now?”
Sherlock’s clenching his fists together so hard the knuckles are getting white. John can’t be fucking serious. From what Sherlock could gather from the texts, they haven’t known each other for more than a couple of months, at most.
“I'd say yes,” John kept speaking with that soft, low voice. “As a doctor, no, hell, as a man – no. As a living, breathing person to another, I'd say of course you do. But then...” his voice trailed off, he kept looking at Sherlock, considering.
John decided that there really wasn’t that much he could do for the woman. She was breathing and conscious, but of course John was well aware that around eighty percent of car accident victims would have a head injury of some sort.
”Look at you,” Sherlock heard him whisper. ”Such a good boy, opening up for me,” and Sherlock shivered. ”It’s going to feel so good to push into that pretty pucker.”
Next thought:
John deleted the texts from Mary’s phone before leaving it on the staircase as she had asked.
”Thanks for tonight, Sherlock.” John’s voice is soft again. Sincere, actually. ”I’m so glad you invited me.”
Sherlock resumed his nonchalant expression. ”How utterly pointless.”
,” he pants, looks away to try to calm himself down, because the sight of Sherlock’s swollen, wet lips is not helpful right now.
It was like his blood was carbonated, he felt all fizzy inside. When he caught his own reflection in the window across the aisle, he realized he was smiling.
John’s hand on his thigh, the other one on his dick. Sherlock might as well have received an electrical shock, because that’s how strongly the sensation tore through his body.
Nothing of which could make up for the fact that John had once again put his daughter’s needs over Sherlock’s, and the worst part of it all was that Sherlock, somewhere deep down although he refused to admit it, knew that John was correct in doing so. It was right, and all John said was right, and Sherlock was wrong.
It wasn’t so much the silence that got to him after John had left; no, that he was used to. Silence in his childhood room, silence in his single dorm room at boarding school and later, at uni.
The way John’s nipples, although not as sensitive as his own, responded to a light pinch.
Sherlock takes a first, long pull on his cigarette; relaxes as the nicotine releases into his bloodstream. Manages to form a perfectly round ring of smoke as he exhales.
”Ah,” Sherlock moans again, loud, too loud probably, someone could hear, but what does it matter.
Do it for Sherlock.
Sherlock briefly glanced up from his phone towards Gabriel. ”I didn’t know you had a thing for gingers,” he said with a slow, exaggerated pronunciation of the last word. He then looked back down at his phone and continued to scroll.
”Sherlock? Don’t let this chance pass you by. I know you’re brave.”
”Mostly, but not exclusively,” he replied. ”Nectar is primarily sugar, and as you know, you need other nutrients, too. Minerals, iron.. That’s why one can sometimes observe a butterfly drink from a mud puddle, as well. It’s called puddling. The male butterflies do that more than the female ones, because the males need to incorporate the minerals from the mud into their sperm.”
”All I’m trying to say, is that it could be a fantastic opportunity. You should at least go there, hear what they have to say!” Gabe was going on and on about this damn thing, wouldn’t let it go. It was starting to drive Sherlock crazy.
John’s hand brushes over Sherlock’s ear, his face so close their noses touch. He places a gentle, closed-mouthed kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
He then comes to sit down in his chair again. Sighs. John thinks he looks…. defeated, somehow.
This chapter was fun writing :). Here's a little word list just in case.
Unceremoniously, John takes off his jumper and t-shirt, drops them in a pile on the floor. Shivers as Sherlock slides his palms down along John’s chest, then drags his nails against his sides on the way back up.
“How is he?” he asked before Mycroft had even sat down.
”Only occasionally…”
Sherlock held up a white paper bag, smiling. The bag was scrunched up and speckled wet from the rain that was still coming down hard outside.
”Your gloves? What gloves?”
They’ve all ended up in the sitting room again, after dutifully watching the Queen’s speech - which was quite entertaining, really, mostly due to the ongoing snarky commentary provided by Sherlock.
A little shiver of excitement runs through him, even though he knows that Sherlock in all likelihood does not mean it the way John’s just read it. Still… can’t he allow himself to dream a bit? Quickly, he replies.
Despite knowing better, John found it impossible to leave Mary’s words unchallenged.
”Twice.”
”You know, Sherlock, if I could just bring Anna here and know that you’d be okay with that, then we could still be together this weekend,” he’d said, and Sherlock had felt like punching his fist into something.
”I’m so happy to get to do this with both of my boys present this year,” Mummy says, looking over her shoulder. She turns to John. ”We took them here for Christmas Mass, for so many years. And Sherlock is practically raised in this church.”
”Why would a copper do that?”
And then, there was nothing more to say, because words can only go so far.
“You can't know that!” yelled the woman. “It should have been taken to a veterinarian, they could have saved it!”
His eyes are closed, he’s completely lost in the physical sensations - of movement; of warmth, of unhurried, sleepy touch.
, he never took John for cruel but this-
The memories hit him like a brick falling from the sky.
When John got to the party, it was already in full swing; people everywhere. There were a lot of unfamiliar faces in the large crowd, and John was glad when he spotted Molly and Greg, standing next to each other close to the bar. Molly squealed and leaped up to him, gave him a kiss on the cheek. She was clearly a bit tipsy already.
John looks up, lifts his eyebrows. ”You don’t think this qualifies as a happy end?”
Once it had been about a surgeon at Bart’s who Sherlock had deduced had a diaper fetish, and once about Mrs. Hudson’s friend Margaret, who apparently had been stealing unlocked strollers and then selling them on Craig’s List. John would laugh and shake his head in disbelief, and when he’d steal a glance at Sherlock, he would remind him of a stray cat, momentarily domesticated, purring in his seat.
It was warm, and light, and it was shining and sparkling, and it was John, and his lips were pressing against Sherlock’s again, a little bit harder this time, and oh god. Oh god he was placing a light kiss on Sherlock’s upper lip, and then gently pulling on Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it in, then releasing.
John got out, dried himself up and stumbled into bed, falling asleep within seconds.
He didn’t even know how to define it. They were still just them, right? Sherlock and John, only this time, the way it always should have been. He wondered if Sherlock felt the same.
John got in closer, his body tight against Sherlock’s. John wrapped his arm around him, held him close, placed a soft kiss on his temple.
He stood watching for a while, taking in the surreal scene. This was..
John was using his entire body weight to hold him down, his legs serving as some sort of lock around Sherlock’s. It was, indeed, impossible to move.
John laughed a soundless, breathy laugh.
Sherlock was standing, alone, casually leaned against a wall. He was dressed in a slim, dark suit, and John noticed his hair was a little bit longer than usual. The locks fell in a slightly unruly manner over his head, touching the collar of the suit jacket in the neck.
”Sherlock, you’re making me come, I’m going to come-”
He got up from the bed. Sherlock's eyes were transfixed on his naked body and John felt a little bit self-conscious. He'd never before walked around completely starkers in their common areas of the flat, and certainly not sporting a massive erection. As fast as he could, he made his exit from the bedroom, and smiled when he heard Sherlock mumble a few frustrated protests about his temporary departure.
”Oh John,” she eventually gasped, still chuckling. ”You’re killing me. So adorable.”
So. John apparently shared his little fetish. Sherlock had expected him to like it a bit dirty, but this was still an interesting turn of events.
“You sure are eager, aren't you?” John smiled through his hazy state. “We
Sherlock was talking about his cases and about - well, what was it, really? John thought it might be an assortment of those things that Sherlock wouldn’t normally say to anybody else; would just keep to himself unless John happened to be around to hear it.
”It’s-,” John begins. ”A bit soon to say, but- yes. I think it might be. At least I very much hope so.”
problem,” Sherlock blurted out and then regretted it. The last thing he wanted to do now was to send John away again.
”Sherlock.”
“I'm sorry, I don't mean – it's just – it's just that someone with your looks-” John still had his hand on Sherlock's dick, but he had stopped the motion and felt it gradually soften. It was unfortunate to break the mood, but this was a conversation that he needed to get out of the way before he could take it any further.
Sherlock shifts in the sofa, his legs are beginning to go numb.
“Holmes,” John filled in. “Mycroft Holmes. Ask him to meet me in the lobby.”
He imagines John, how he would look, the sounds he’d make. How John would surely praise him, say
The kid is placed in the police car, John sees Sherlock leaning inside to say something more, and then the car drives off, no sirens on. Lots of people are coming up to Sherlock, patting his back, expressing admiration. John stands at a bit of a distance, unsure of what his place is at this time. It’s been so long, and the wheels have apparently kept on turning anyway. Nobody seems to take notice of him, standing there, so he decides to just wait.
Sherlock didn’t, but smiled hazily into his pillow. John. His John.
from Hermès is a fairly new favourite. Manages for once to get his hair in perfect order, the wax he picked up at his hair dresser last time leaves a nice shine. Trims his eyebrows, files down the rough edges on his finger nails. Buttons his white shirt, attaches the heavy, golden cuff links his grandpa left him. Ties his black shoes.
Silence in his first flat, well, at least if one didn’t count the rasping sound that could be heard from inside the walls at night. Rats. He’d tried hard to not think about it. Played his violin to drown it out; drown it out along with the restless feeling inside, the one that would tug at him and make it so difficult to sleep. All in all, years and years of silence.
”Oh God,” Sherlock mutters. ”Idiots, the whole lot. Does he have a transmitter on?”
John refuses to quit his job at the hospital.
”There, problem solved!” he beamed. ”Now, where were we?”
”So I was wondering if perhaps you would like to come?”
”Of course.” Sherlock stared down into the desk in front of them.
For the first time, John allowed himself to think this thought to the end. Mock executions were common, he was aware of that. The horrible practice of water boarding. Rape.
John inches his hand closer, Sherlock can’t tear his eyes away, and then, finally, John runs his palm up over Sherlock’s length. Closes his fist around it and gives three slow, teasing pulls, running the foreskin up and down over the slick head. Sherlock grits his teeth together in a vain effort to keep quiet.
Mary spoke before John could collect himself.
Sherlock heard the clicking sound from the lube bottle again, and then winced a little at the cold sensation as John was applying a generous amount inside and around his already sensitive hole. John pushed in two fingers again, they slid in without resistance this time.
” ’ow do I know s’not poisoned?” The voice on the other end is surprisingly young, John had sort of expected someone rougher. Christ - just a kid, a kid with a gun, John thinks. And he’s got Greg’s life in his hands.
Sherlock couldn’t make it fit together. His throat felt tight.
”You seem to have very strong feelings for this person. And last night, that triggered you to do something that could have resulted in your death. So of course you’re going to feel frightened. That actually sounds like a very healthy response,” Dr. Riyat carefully put forward.
Whenever he was away from home or work, he would constantly keep an eye out for dark curls or a swirling coat. Many times, he had thought it had been him. Every time, his heart had jumped, his breathing had stopped. But it was never Sherlock, no, why would it be. What were the odds.
Sherlock leaned back his head to look at John. John’s eyes were wet.
”No,” John says, shaking his head. He takes another step into Sherlock’s space, puts both hands on his arms, gently holding them there. There’s something odd going on with John’s hands, because just as before, Sherlock feels his body relaxing at his mere touch.
. He’s said it. John becomes aware that he has averted his eyes, so he looks up again. Sees that Sherlock’s cheeks are now wet from silent tears. Hears him breathing much too fast, notices that his hands and legs are trembling.
”Oh, gosh, I’m sorry to hear that.” Chris looked uncomfortable, having been forced into serious conversation all of a sudden. ”But knowing you, I’m sure you already have a long queue of pretty ladies lined up!” He laughed and before John could say something, the man turned to Sherlock.
By now, John felt his cheeks burn. He licked his lips, tried to look unaffected.
And there, on the kitchen floor in the shiny new house that had never felt like home to John, Mary took his hand and told him her real name.
And when he feels John’s hand, first brushing over his, then more confidently resting on top of it-
”Yeah, that’s it,” John mumbled. ”You’re so fucking amazing.”
John tried not to let Sherlock see, but he desperately needed it faster, harder. He had been hard and so impossibly turned on for longer than he'd been for years, and being inside of Sherlock – he was fucking Sherlock! - oh, it was just more than he could handle.
,” he says. ”Oh my fucking God, Sherlock, wow-”
”But what if-” he cleared his throat.
Then, Sherlock repeated the amazing thing that he’d just done, again and again, and John just couldn’t stop staring.
And when John had fallen asleep, Sherlock lay still for a long time, listening to John’s heartbeats reverberating through the mattress.
On the other hand, why the hell should that matter. John had no right to veto his personal choices.
Sherlock could hardly believe this conversation.
”Yes. Of course I do. An idiot would.”
”What, John! She wasn’t used to being here! She felt lonely out there in the sitting room!”
John felt anger rushing up inside of him again, this was really unfair and he’d be damned if he was going to just stand there and take it.
At Magnussen, on Christmas Day. The chilling realization that there were no files, no documents to be extracted and destroyed. All the scenarios he’d been rehearsing, and yet managing to neglect that particular possibility.
Sherlock hasn’t said anything about that night, or about his complete radio silence all these days after, and neither has John, yet. The current situation took precedence and, to be honest, John feels no urgency to pop this comfortable bubble that they’re in.
”John Watson, I’ll be damned!”
Sherlock had been smiling, but now, in less than a second, his expression turned serious, his eyes dark. John instantly regretted his question, cursed himself for having ruined the happy mood that had began to bubble between them. He braced himself for what Sherlock was about to reply.
In this chapter and the following, you'll find major spoilers for the ACD short story The Adventure of the Gloria Scott. It can be skipped, but you will miss a bit of backstory and developments. I've marked the beginning and the end of the spoiler part with five asterisks instead of the usual three.
If Sherlock could flirt, there certainly was no reason he couldn’t allow himself to do it a little, as well.
And then, this,
”Am not. Know ’ow you can check? Ask Greg. ’is not hearing this, right?”
”You’ve got some nerve. I could tell you everything about you, even the things you don’t know yourself! Whereas you really don’t have a single clue about me.”
Sherlock didn't seem to know where to look for a little while. Then his eyes met John’s.
”Shhh!” John hushes. ”Your parents, Sherlock!”
Sherlock was beginning to make his way down alongside John’s chest, kissing it here and there as he moved. He was still lying on his side next to John, and eventually he had moved so far down that his head was level with John’s crotch.
”That,” John says, "was not like that.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and then looks away. ”Oh please, for Christ’s sake, how many times do I have to say that I don’t want to-”
Mrs Holmes glances back and forth between Mr Holmes and Sherlock, hesitating. ”Well, yes, I.. John asked about this picture.”
“Yes... and maybe also, ah, a little bit higher up.”
John was pulled out of his thoughts by a voice calling out his station as the next upcoming stop. He tried to focus on the meeting that awaited him at the clinic, just an hour from now.
John’s eyes were darting back and forth between Sherlock's face and his own hand and what it was doing. He was watching Sherlock as if he was something extraordinary.
John slid out of his chair until he was kneeling on the floor, right in front of Sherlock. He still held his hand on Sherlock's hard cock, and now he closed his hand around it as best as the barrier of fabric would allow. He squeezed his fist tighter around it, felt it grow rock hard in his hand. The sensation went straight to his own cock, he felt it straining uncomfortably against his jeans now. He looked up, made contact with Sherlock's half shut eyes.
”Alright,” the kid says, after a long moment, and John can feel the collective exhale of relief around him. ”Tell me what to do with me gun.”
Every day, he’d wake up with the same question.
He'd swung around in the sofa, the anger inside so strong that he wasn’t really thinking straight, and maybe that was why he'd said the things he did, and then watched John go pale, just a little bit but still.
********************
It was getting difficult to remain in his own skin. Familiar feeling. A familiar solution to this particular state. Tempting.
“Sherlock, just, let's not,” he had sighed heavily, and Sherlock had noticed the signs of John starting to get all worked up again.
On his left cheek, a pattern of blue and red and a little bit yellow. Yellow or perhaps green? Sherlock tried to figure out what parts of John’s fist were correlated to which marks.
John grew silent. He waited, nervously, facing Sherlock.
There had also been the constant battle with the grass, that in the blink of an eye had grown so tall that the lawn mower couldn't do the job. It'd had to be dealt with the old fashion way, with a scythe. John had laughed until tears were streaming down his face when she'd told the story of how she'd convinced a random guy from the local pub to do it for free.
They’re so close; John’s thigh keeps brushing against Sherlock’s arm, his palm in Sherlock’s hair as he keeps working. Perfectly innocent, neutral touches but now, John is acutely aware of each and every one of them. Aware of how, when they’re in this position, his groin is only inches away from Sherlock’s face, from his perfect mouth… And though he tries hard to think of something else, vivid memories from their night together keep flashing through his mind. Memories of touching Sherlock, of tasting him,
, John’s cock is pressed almost flat against his stomach. Foreskin completely retracted to reveal the blunt head, shiny and flushed red. Sherlock’s mouth waters, needs to swallow.
There was only one thing left to say that he could think of.
. And
He still looked uncomfortable but not entirely unhappy; in fact, John could see a smile lingering at the corners of his mouth.
”I’ve thought about you, every single day, you know,” John continued.
”Wha-” he tries to say against John’s palm. John shakes his head. His eyes are fixed on Sherlock’s, wordlessly communicating something.
He lets his hands roam over broad shoulders and strong back, then tears them away to begin unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt.
The protein kept folding and turning, but Sherlock wasn’t looking at the screen. His eyes were fixed on Gabriel, sleeping next to him. Two minutes into his second episode of REM sleep now, eyes flicking behind closed eyelids. Long dark eyelashes fluttering. Fingers twitching, then stilling; shallow breathing.
”Let me tell you something, John. When I came here three months ago, Sherlock was like a bloody shadow of himself. He never laughed! Just shuffled around his flat in his pyjamas, like a goddamn zombie. Wouldn’t eat, wouldn’t sleep. Just... Did you see the way he laughed tonight? Did you see him dancing just now?”
”How’re you feeling?” John sits down on the edge of the bed, puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He involuntarily startles a little when he feels John’s hand.
The restaurant was very nice and so was the food, and after a glass of wine, they both seemed to relax again. It was going to take a bit of time, perhaps, to settle into this new thing, but that was alright, John thought. A small price to pay, to get to miraculously be reunited with Sherlock, after all this time and all those barriers. He stretched out his arm over the table, put his hand on top of Sherlock’s.
******************
”Well, at least now the neighbors will have something to talk about,” Sherlock tried to joke. John could tell he was nervous.
Mycroft sighed deeply.
”I thought you’d deleted that kind of irrelevant trivia?” John laughed softly.
”Sherlock,” John said softly, then Sherlock felt the increasing pressure as John began to push into him again. John kept looking straight into his eyes as he did. The mood between them had shifted when they moved; morphed from passionately heated into something softer and more even more intimate.
“John, please,” said Mycroft, now with a more genuine tone back in his voice. “Don’t be stupid. I am here because Sherlock asked me to.”
”Sherlock,” Mary continued, ”these are our good friends Charlotte and Mark.”
********************
”Impressive,” Mycroft says.
Sherlock squirmed on the bed; moaned loudly under John’s constant touch.
Gabriel held up his palms in a deflecting gesture.
”Morpho rhetenor,” he replied, causing the girl to unexplainably giggle.
Due to John’s newfound fervour, the headboard of the bed was starting to slam into the wall. John let go of his legs and, still deep inside of Sherlock, reached for one of the pillows, propped it between the wall and the bed. Sherlock must have been smiling, because John looked at him and did the same.
In his mind, his brother appeared, sniggering.
”Yes! Really!”
Sherlock was silent for a while before he spoke.
Suddenly, Mark leaned in.
However, Sherlock noticed how they were both meticulously avoiding to touch on anything sensitive. Mary, Gabe, last night, or the questions about the drugs that he knew John was itching to pose. Even the baby was off limits, apparently, confirming Sherlock’s suspicion that he was not the only one indulging in pretense play this evening.
The tension in the room vanishes as soon as Sherlock’s confirmation is spoken. Everybody probably just assumes-
”No worries.” John is thankfully smiling. He flops down onto the bed, pats the empty space next to him. Sherlock lies down and John wraps an arm around him, pulls him closer. Whispers with wet lips into his ear.
John laughed. He liked when Sherlock was like this. Sarcastic. Funny.
He raised his head to look at John, who was busy kissing and licking around Sherlock’s belly button. His warm hands caressed his flanks with perfect pressure, not ticklish, not too rough.
Shit. Wow. Oh god. Sherlock was there. He was somewhere in this very room. John felt like he almost couldn’t breathe.
John broke their frenzied kissing.
”Please tell Sherlock I never meant to let him down,” he said quietly.
She averted her gaze, a displeased expression on her face, then turned back to look John straight in the eye. She kept her gaze for a second or two, a faint smile curving her lips but there was a thoughtful look in her eyes.
The tip of John’s tongue was flickering across his hole, and Sherlock squirmed in equal parts pleasure and embarrassment. Then he began to lick; his tongue flat and wide, wet and warm against Sherlock’s sensitive skin. Sherlock had lost all control now over the sounds he made, he just let it all happen.
It was as if all the emotions and thoughts that he had been blocking out ever since Sherlock died and then came back, now suddenly had broken free and were flooding him. John felt as if he was treading water to keep his head above the surface.
”Did too,” John said teasingly.
And John thinks that he'll
”I’m sorry,” is all John says.
”Hello, darling!” the blonde woman exclaims as they meet Sherlock, halfway to the car.
”South Downs? It’s lovely. Why?”
But all John had thought about last night, was that if he in some way could win Sherlock over, he would stop at nothing to do so.
He was of average height and weight, olive skinned, with short hair. He had thick framed glasses and was wearing jeans, trainers and a hooded sweatshirt, with a print on the front depicting a set of DJ-type earphones. Indian decent, upper middle class background, oldest of three siblings, parents still married.
“Alright, yeah. So, um. The thing that you were going to say. Am I right in thinking that it was… what I think it was?”
John runs his hands over Sherlock’s stomach, arms, sides, pecs. Pinches his nipples, hard, both at the same time.
John had time to notice the friends turning in slight shock towards the guy, but not for long since the guy then hurled himself straight towards Sherlock.
Rings again. Knocks. He looks up, hoping to see the curtains move, but they don’t. Feels his heart sink to the ground. He’s not there.
But then, there was that one question.
John wondered if Sherlock had realized during their talk yesterday just how badly John had fared during his time away. Most likely not, he thought.
Gabe looked at him, intensely. Sherlock thought he’d better try to listen this time.
Takes one deep breath, then another.
”But he called you an addict. Why?”
It hadn’t worked. Apparently he had let John down beyond repair.
Good, of course! But also bad, because of how he’d messed it up.
Sherlock had so far not said a word about it, had not complained. John hadn’t given it much thought, either. To him, Mary was a chapter that was closed a long time ago. But maybe it was still a bit difficult for Sherlock? He was going to be more mindful of that, in the future. Be better at showing Sherlock how much he appreciated his efforts.
“I do?” asked Sherlock, and John laughed.
Thinking about that made him want more. Remembering their talk earlier in the evening, he experimentally put his hands on Sherlock's wrists and lifted them, held them down over Sherlock's head as he was lying on his back beneath John. He leaned over him, kissed him, sucked on that plush lower lip, and at the same time, continued to let his erection slide, wet and heavy, against Sherlock's.
For me, Sherlock thought. He cries for me.
John really had a hard time adjusting to the suburban lifestyle.
“Mary. Thank you for sharing this with me. I know how much courage it took.” He gently squeezed her hand.
”I’m the lucky one here,” said Sherlock, and John had to pull him in for a hug. He buried his nose in his neck and inhaled the familiar scent, felt the soft curls tickle his face.
”I hope you know, Sherlock. I know I’ve even told you, long time ago. That I think it’s
The nanny nodded affirmatively, and Mary smiled.
So hard to know what to say.
“Sherlock, er, what- what are you doing?”
* * *
John crawled down further, got up on his feet next to the bed, and tugged at the hems to remove the trousers completely. He went on to remove Sherlock's socks, let his free hand glide up and down his calves as he went along.
When the fire had caught on, he got up, and John walked over to give him the tea. Standing so close, John could see the effects that all the running around in the rain had had on Sherlock.
Sherlock was relaxed by now, and able to fully enjoy it when John slowly started to fuck him properly. He hung his head down between his arms, and was able to see a little bit of it all. His erection had waned as John had entered him, but the sight that met him was enough to cause his dick to start to fill with blood again.
”I’m so sorry. I swear, if I’d been there with you, I would have killed them. Killed them with my bare hands.”
And at the end,
”You looked so worried and I thought that you were going to say that you’d changed your mind.”
It was an ocean during a storm, it flooded him, waves crashing and breaking over him as he was in his bed and John was next to him and Sherlock had his hand wrapped tight around them both, and John was pushing into it and it made Sherlock feel like his entire body was on fire.
“It's alright,” Sherlock said. “More. I can take it, John. I want it too.”
Right beside him is Sherlock. John takes a closer look; yes, Sherlock is shaking. ”Damn it,” Sherlock sputters out, getting up from the ground, brushing wet gravel from his hands.
. Hook up once in a while when the mood strikes. All those things that Sherlock has never been able to do.
Sherlock hurried closer, stopped at a safe distance.
His eyes were distant, and John intensely hoped it wasn't just because of the alcohol. He was far from sober himself, but yet felt convinced, deep down within himself, that he would not ever regret this. Not as long as Sherlock wanted it, too, and it certainly seemed that way right now. It all just felt so bloody right; nothing more than a natural progression of the most intimate friendship he'd ever had.
”John. I don’t think you’ve heard me talk of Victor Trevor.” Sherlock’s face is completely neutral, impossible to read.
”He had his violin lessons here, you know, and then there was-”
John had been too surprised to argue.
“So... what about you then, Mister Sherlock Holmes...” He stared into Sherlock's eyes, putting all his effort into not smiling. Sherlock blinked a few times, a surefire sign he was feeling insecure. It made John very pleased with himself.
A big, predatory-looking grin is spreading across Sherlock’s face, making John laugh.
At seven, the uncomfortable feeling in his chest had started to grow stronger.
It would have been so easy for him to say something. But yet he hadn’t.
”Phew!” exclaimed Mark. ”I’m glad I didn’t go to that school!”
And it’s not until then John catches himself; realises that in his mind, he’s already moved back in.
The weight of John’s body pressing him down into the mattress.
John inhaled so audibly Sherlock could hear it from where he was standing, frozen in place by the door.
”How are you?” The question is asked out of politeness, and he returns the favour. A bit stiff, still, but he much prefers that to the viciousness that had basically become a habit before they moved apart.
”I intend to keep bees. Fascinating creatures, you know.”
The group of school children left the room. He was standing in the artificial, moist heat, surrounded by tropical plants and free-flying butterflies, and suddenly felt in good spirits. This was turning out much better than he had anticipated.
Maybe he should say something.
They eventually found their way back to normal, and spent another lovely hour finishing their wine and ordering some espresso. Sherlock was leaned back in his seat, and John had ceased the opportunity to press his own leg tight against Sherlock’s underneath the table. Just as he considered toeing off his shoe to place his foot somewhere else, Sherlock’s phone chimed. He took it up and read the text.
”Listen,” John says. ”Someone very smart has taught me that it is a capital mistake to draw conclusions before you have all the facts, yes?”
What was a bit much? The alcohol or- or the sex? Suddenly feels angry at John. As far as Sherlock can recall, John was a most willing participant.
how he hates her pity. Hates to feel like such a miserable, lonely failure.
”Take off your trousers,” Sherlock said, and John got up to oblige. As he pulled them off, he decided to follow Sherlock’s example and get rid of the pants as well. It felt like they were well past any pretense of modesty at this point, anyway.
Must have been smiling as they climbed the stairs, because John raises his eyebrows. ”What?" he smiles. "What’s so funny?”
John was whispering things against his skin now, between the kisses.
John smiled back at him. “Alright. Bedroom then. Come.”
”Oh, look, here it is!”
”No!” Sherlock interrupted, stealing himself to meet John’s eyes. They looked worried, not appalled. John was saying crazy things, he had to stop him.
Sherlock trails off, and in the pause that follows, John gets up to refill his tumbler, and when he returns to the sofa he has the wine bottle in his hand, raises his eyebrows in a question.
”You know the drill?” he asks in a hushed voice, and John nods.
”That’s ridiculous! Why is everything always my fault?”
Sherlock has a train to catch later this evening, John’s leaving London tomorrow morning.
He’d never been afraid of dying. He had a quite rational view of it all, and frankly, he was surprised he’d made it this far. When you’re gone, you’re gone and that’s all there’s to it. It was not the dying business, no. It was parting from John that made it hard to breathe when he thought about it.
In March, he was set to move out, but they had agreed that they would both stay in the house until Anna’s first birthday. John was sleeping in the guest room in the basement. All in all, it was working out acceptably, but he was still counting the days to the move.
“I see,” he managed to say. “Well as it happens, I like touching you.” He smiled and saw Sherlock blush some more, creating a wave of affection in him for this beautiful, strange, unpredictable man in front of him.
********************
Sherlock takes in the details of John’s face. He’s smiling, his eyes shining. He’s looking at him the way he always used to, before, when Sherlock had done something
Sherlock again blinked repeatedly, opened his mouth, then closed it, opened it again.
Hearing the reassurance, John couldn't hold back any longer. He already saw it in his mind, and the thoughts had made him rock hard. Resting his palms on Sherlock's thighs, he leaned forward, until his lips were touching Sherlock's cock through the fabric.
Sherlock’s stomach twists into knots again. This question has topped his list of concerns, ever since they ran into each other outside of Harrods that night. He holds his breath while waiting for John’s reply.
He let his fingertip trace Sherlock's handwriting, scattered across the margins of research papers and scientific articles. There were the usual underlinings and circles; the angry question marks and interested exclamation points and the occasional 'Idiot!' scribbled in gigantic letters over an entire page.
”No, John,” said Sherlock. ”You didn’t do anything wrong. I’m the one who should have acted differently. I’m so sorry I didn’t.”
”No!” Sherlock shouts, and the Commander turns sharply towards him. ”Are you the one giving orders around here, huh? One of our men is in there, stuck with a lunatic with a gun, alright. We have to put an end to this before something happens. Communication has broken down, he’s already pulled the trigger once - we have no other option.”
Maybe at some point, he’d have to tell him. John exhaled, tried to think of something - anything - else.
John moved his hand, gently stroked his beautiful face, let his fingertips trace the convexity of his cheekbone and the concavity below it. He felt like this was happening in a film he was watching, like it wasn’t real.
“You too,” he said, and Sherlock fixed his eyes on John as he undid his belt, unzipped and then unbuttoned. He climbed out of his jeans, leaving his pants on. He stepped on the garment on the floor as he tried to free his legs completely, stood on one leg at a time as he got rid of his socks. John then came back up on the bed, smiling, to lie down next to Sherlock.
“Hey, Inspector!”
Sherlock is just as fast with his reply.
Everywhere, groups of guests talking over each other about boring, trivial things, and when they try to make him participate, he doesn’t know what to say. He feels like covering his ears with his hands, scream at the top of his lungs, tell them to just SHUT THE FUCK UP.
“You've thought about us, like this, then?” For some reason, the question felt very intimate to pose, but John figured Sherlock had invited it.
”Sherlock, what happened?”
As a part of his military training, he had been taught both theory and practice of how to deal with psychological threats. He tried to bring to mind the basics of what he'd learned.
“Have you at all reflected upon the sacrifices Sherlock made for you? Let's start with his exile, because that certainly merits some consideration.”
”Oh my God, John,” he hears her say, then more laughter. ”Then he probably doesn’t.”
“I'm sorry,” he said. “Sherlock, I'm so sorry. This was really poor judgment on my part, I, er- I promise you it won't happen aga-”
But John is pretty sure, now, that Sherlock needs him. Just as much as John needs him, only in a slightly different way. Because together, they’re invincible. Separate, they’re both lost, each in his own way.
Without warning, Sherlock hooked his fingers into the waistband of his trousers. He paused, and when John was able to pull his eyes away from the sight and tilt his head up to meet his eyes, Sherlock pushed his trousers down, leaned down to free himself of them completely. John immediately looked down again, how could he not - and felt his breath hitch when he noticed that Sherlock had taken his pants off at the same time.
”A phone call would have been nice.”
At first, he kept the movements minimal, rocking his hips ever so slightly. Sherlock was beginning to experience that particular type of disconnect from the world, where his mind would still and this - the present moment - would become his only focus. John kept pushing in, and eventually, was as far in as it was possible.
“You like dominance. Power. To be in full control.” Sherlock was looking straight at John again, his eyes unwavering. There was a glimpse of something in his eyes now, something John couldn't remember seeing before. He noticed himself inhaling, audibly, feeling increasingly uncomfortable.
John wrapped his arms around him again, placed a single kiss on his lips.
So here he was, standing in the park, realizing that the show he had put on, whilst fun, now effectively prevented him from staying. He wanted to stay.
The shame was too strong. Sherlock got up on his feet and without looking at John, walked back to his bedroom, closed the door, flopped down on the bed, buried his face in the pillow. Tears were stinging behind his eyelids.
John smiles softly, strokes Sherlock’s cheek. ”Don’t,” he says.
Neurotransmitters, sex hormones, neuropeptides. Those were the primary neurochemicals that governed the major drives in the concept called love: sex drive, attachment, partner preference. He visualized each concept as a sign above three closed doors. He saw the number 3 x 3 spinning for a second, then discarded it. Irrelevant.
Sherlock threw an arm out, grabbed ahold of John, hugged him hard. He tucked his face into John’s neck instead of the pillow. It felt good. John was stroking him over his hair. The touch seemed to help, and little by little, it got easier to breathe again.
By the time they had finished eating and were comfortably leaned back in the sofa, Sherlock’s last defenses had been thoroughly pulverized. It was just him and John, like it had used to be, long before everything turned so complicated. It was so easy to be in John’s presence, it made him feel good about himself.
”It’s either that, or you start taking those goddamn antidepressants I gave you,” Mike had said. ”Frankly, John, I’m getting seriously tired of seeing you like this.”
”He’s lucky to have you,” one of the unfamiliar voices said. ”But things like these are difficult for the family, as well. You should really try to get yourself some rest, Sir. He’s out of danger now.”
He allowed himself to inhale the scent of John’s hair, squeezed him harder. And as he did, John pulled him even closer, buried his face in Sherlock’s neck. Hot air hitting Sherlock’s skin, sending a rush down his spine, and then-
”John, you can’t do that, you know. People will notice.” His voice was low and controlled.
”What happened… was tragic. But it wasn’t your fault. His past would have caught up with him, anyway. You had nothing to do with him being blackmailed.”
Then she had begun to laugh.
After that, the young man from the morning had phoned, understandably still upset, asking lots of questions that John had done his best to answer both truthfully and still as encouraging as he could manage.
”I know. But you’re not exactly sane either.”
An image of John, at home, making things up with Mary, kissing her, flashed through his mind. It made him feel like screaming, like running, like-
. So it wouldn't be a completely new, er, sensation for me-” His voice trickled off, he was now blushing intensely.
- finally friction. Through the fabric, he can feel John’s cock against his.
”I… I knew about that, too,” he eventually said, quietly.
He felt his dick twitch at the prospect.
”Oh, I’m afraid I’ve misplaced it,” she said, smiling viciously.
The insight filled him with simultaneous elation and sorrow.
Sherlock is holding his head raised up from the pillow, staring down between them, his hands in a steady grip on John’s upper arms.
things like this. And now, without intending to, John has somehow imposed himself upon him in his sleep, and
Sherlock gasped. A familiar feeling began to stir within him. John’s words affected him just as much as the touch of his hand.
”Daddy?”
He moves his hands to cup the sides of John’s face, short stubble against his palms. Sherlock's fingers brushing over soft earlobes. Runs his thumbs over them again, rolls them between thumb and index finger. Strong impulse to taste, to lick. To sink his teeth into one of them.
He looked the dog in the eye.
It was almost as if it had been decided beforehand, a shared, unspoken expectation. This was the way the evening was supposed to end. Just tired, he reminded himself as they began making their way to her flat.
Sherlock lit up a bit, and for the first time since he came back up, met John's eyes.
The only sound in the room was the audible breathing from them both. John was absolutely still, and Sherlock felt his own heart pounding in his chest. Then John started to move.
”Yes, but still,” John replied. ”Instincts are instincts, Sherlock.”
“Yes,” he replies, the word mumbled, eyes averted. He is aware of his heart, beating like crazy, reverberating against his ribs. “I meant to, yes.”
”Yes. Brilliant.” John holds the gaze, tries to smile. ”So - go ahead, then.”
Rebecca turns out to be very much like John had imagined. Over dinner, conversation had flowed easily, she had a bubbly laugh that was contagious, and John had been trying not to look too much at the nice way her light blue dress hugged in all the right places.
Sherlock’s body felt electric.
”It started out well enough. I deduced a few details - that he’d been into boxing; those sort of things, and he seemed impressed, in a good way. But then, there was one last deduction that… I noted he had traces of a small tattoo; someone’s initials. I could see he’d tried to get rid of it, and so I gathered it must be an intimate connection, a person he’d later tried hard to forget. And that deduction absolutely shocked the man. Nearly fainted. Both Victor and I got really concerned about him.” Sherlock takes another drink, notices a faint tremble in his hands.
The answer came without hesitation: "
Gabe was talking again, now in a more subdued voice.
Sherlock didn't reply, just nodded. John could hear himself swallow. He let go of Sherlock's legs, and Sherlock immediately wrapped them tightly around John's arse and thighs. John leaned over him more, put one hand on Sherlock's shoulder and the other around his neck.
And John remembered the last item on the list of difficult things to get through tonight.
John’s every cell hurt at having to do this. He bit his teeth hard together, censored the stingy come-back he so badly wanted to retort with.
The door to the flat was closed, he knocked, waited for two seconds and then used his key to let himself in there too.
”There’s a McDonald’s right down the street. Get me three Big Tasty, one without onion; three large fries, one regular Coke and two Diet, and make it quick.”
”No problem,” he says. ”I underst-”
- placed just above his clavicle, at the edge of his dressing gown. John’s mouth, back up along the stretch of his neck. Getting bolder; mouthing, nipping. Tasting, Sherlock gasped at the sensation of John’s tongue on the thin skin below his ear.
”John!” Sherlock stuttered out, and when John started to move his hand, Sherlock threw his head back into the pillow. He stroked him slowly, gently, and Sherlock whimpered. He smiled at Sherlock’s response, felt his own dick fill and get even harder.
A blind, raging jealousy now roamed freely in John’s chest. His heart beat like crazy, he couldn’t breathe. For a second he considered storming in and throwing this intruder out, hard, head first down the stairs,
”I agree. He’s pulled through remarkably well. Your brother is going to be alright, this time too,” the other unidentified voice said.
The emotions came slamming down like a full frontal collision with a double decker bus. To his utter horror, he started to sob.
Seventeen years old and kicked out of the house. Sometimes John would see her, sitting in the park with her friends, drinking and smoking weed in broad daylight. He’d walked detours to avoid her. If he’d run into her when he was with someone, he'd looked away. Pretended he didn’t know her.
Mrs Holmes is quicker than Sherlock, grabs the album, holds it tight against her chest.
The next text follows immediately, John’s heart jumps a bit when he sees that Sherlock has sent an image as well. It’s of Sherlock, he's stretched out in bed. John has only seen Sherlock’s childhood bedroom once before, briefly, but recognises the foot board of the bed as well as the wall paper.
The words simply escaped Sherlock, completely unplanned. He was a little bit stunned that he’d said it, but John did not give him any time to fret about it.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes wide and uncomprehending. “I don't keep a spreadsheet,” he said in a quiet voice.
”Do they only drink nectar?” a little girl, eight or nine years old, asked.
An intense warmth is growing in John’s chest as he takes it all in. Somehow, he hasn’t really thought about the fact that Sherlock, this brilliant, amazing man, genius of reasoning, was once… just a kid. A little boy in a mustard knitted jumper, red trousers tucked into wellies. Being a pirate.
. Racing pulse, dry mouth, trembling extremities, vertigo… Blood flow being redistributed to major muscle groups. Ancient, instinctual systems taking over. All ready to fight or flee, but fight whom, flee where? Traitorous, stupid body.
John felt sick. He also felt a bit like a bull facing a matador, the red flag waving in front of him.
John looked at him and smiled. Sherlock got up to reach for the thermos, then abruptly sat back down again.
For a brief moment, Sherlock gets the strong sense that John is about to touch him - maybe put a hand on his shoulder, or his hair. The seconds feel like they’re stretching to minutes. Then, the moment passes.
They talked a bit about his new business, and John silently wondered if Sherlock had been here on his own, or worse, with that bloke. But then Luigi spotted the Parmesan in his hand and lit up.
”It is what it is,” Sherlock repeated, quietly.
”You seem extra slow tonight, John. Let me explain it to you clearly.” She paused, met his staring eyes.
John sees Sherlock quickly looking down, not saying anything more. Ah, right. Assumptions about things being in a way they can’t be, not with Sherlock.
John laughed softly. ”Why do you think, Mister Genius? Because I love you very much and wanted to give you something. And this thing just happened to come up. Good timing, that was all.”
Sherlock’s entire body is screaming for him to just get away from there. Can’t, though. Needs to hear more; stands there as if he’d been frozen in place.
John made a long exhale through o-shaped lips. It sounded like he was trying to calm himself down.
A miracle, it was. He had been given a second chance, back then. But what had he made of it? Pushed Sherlock away, in his self righteous anger. Gotten married. Made Sherlock watch the entire spectacle, participate even, as his best man.
He put the note inside an envelope, and on it he wrote, Sherlock.
Distance from John, helpful. One more breath. Calm down!
He takes it out from his pocket, sighs. ”My daughter got a mobile from Father Christmas. Unfortunately.” He scrolls through the texts, smiles at the images. ”I thought we had an agreement about this, but my ex-wife seems to do a bit as she pleases. I mean, Rosie’s five, for God’s sake!”
Sherlock raises his eyebrows. ”I’m waiting.”
John kicks the fantasies out of his mind. ”What time is it?”
He took it all in, just like that, and John heard himself making some kind of primitive sound at the intense feeling and the mind-blowingly hot visual of seeing his dick disappear completely down Sherlock's mouth.
. John was sober enough to wonder if jealousy was the main reason why this was making him so extremely uncomfortable. That certainly was a part of it, he decided, but.. no.
When they’re on their way, the rest of them exhales a collective breath of relief, then moves into the sitting room to plunk down for a while. Sherlock’s browsing the bookshelves, trying to find something to read and is just about to take a book out to hand over to John (crime novel, poor plot, just the sort of thing he’s always reading) when John gets up.
When John had left the flat, Sherlock felt like crying, regret and anxiety coming creeping into his skin like it always did. He intensely wished John would change his mind, come back home. Wrap his arms around Sherlock and kiss him and say that he was sorry, and tell him that he loved him and all those nice things he usually did.
Without warning, he then used his grip to yank Sherlock’s hips forward, pressed him against himself.
John has placed Sherlock’s legs so that they’re resting on his shoulders, and is leaning his upper body forward against the back of his thighs. Sees Sherlock take his cock in hand to begin to rapidly jerk himself off.
He grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders, turned him away from the counter. Still furiously kissing and stroking him, John started to walk Sherlock backwards out of the kitchen.
”Should make excellent fodder for conversation, during all those lovely double dates we’ll have. Given that we’ll accept the invitation, of course,” he said, sounding rueful. ”Something tells me Gabriel might be a little bit tricky to convince.”
Sherlock puts a hand over his eyes, turns away slightly.
Sherlock had been holding onto his head, his fingers in his hair, but now he moved and squeezed his arms in between them, and John realized he was trying to unbutton his shirt. He sat up a bit to help. Sherlock impatiently pulled the shirt off him, and then let his large hands roam over John’s chest and shoulders.
Sometimes, work matters would make it necessary to visit Bart's Hospital, and on those occasions, he would always be extra vigilant. Hoping and fearing to meet him. So far, he hadn’t.
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck,” he panted. He was holding on to Sherlock's shoulders, and now couldn't help but to start rocking his hips into Sherlock's tight fist. “Feels so damn good.”
”The risk of hostage being killed in a shootout situation is 31 percent, compared to only one percent with proper negotiation,” Sherlock says, his words rapid. To other people he probably sounds confident, cocky almost, but John can hear the tremble in his voice. ”Give me the megaphone.”
Sherlock waited until he heard the front door close, then pulled the duvet up over his head. The bed felt empty without John, but he could still feel his lingering scent on the pillow. He drifted back into sleep.
”Oh. Right, yeah. Sorry, I didn’t realize.”
Every once in a while, there would be a particularly load thump coming from the upstairs floor, and he'd pause to look up to the ceiling, wondering what the hell was going on in his old bedroom. Sherlock had been manically busy the last couple of days, going through the vast stacks of papers and journals and random experimental equipment that had been building up there over the last two years.
John was still holding Sherlock’s face with one hand, and he had moved the other around Sherlock’s back, he was using it to press Sherlock’s body tighter against him.
Yes! Be better!
As they stroll back to the car, the midnight sky above them clear and starry, he notices how John is still regarding him with that strange, wondering expression that Sherlock really can’t make sense of.
”I like your new coat,” John smiles. ”A bit more… relaxed than the other one.”
He’s about to leave to go back to bed for a while, when he hears his name mentioned. Stops. Over the tap running and the porcelain clinking, it’s not that easy to make out exactly what they’re saying. He leans back against the wall, stands absolutely still. Hears John talking.
”Well, aren't you a sight,” John said with a playful smirk, looking down at Sherlock’s erection.
Still standing in front of the table in the restaurant, the blonde man moved his arm from Sherlock’s shoulders, and instead tucked it around his waist, giving Sherlock a little tug and an encouraging smile. He turned back to John.
”It’s time to go get ready for that brunch.”
John managed to smile a bit at this and was going to say something, but was sidetracked as Sherlock placed a hand over his cock, and rubbed it through the fabric with perfect pressure.
And that was the last straw for John. The punch hit hard, right across Gabriel’s left cheek, and it sent him tumbling into the brick wall behind him.
“Yes,” came the immediate answer from Sherlock. “Just get on with it already-”
”Well. Now you do.” Sherlock’s words lands a bit harsher than he had intended.
”Redbeard,” Mrs Holmes says, softly. John looks at Sherlock, who appears to be completely immersed in the photograph.
And Sherlock was too far gone to question or analyze. He just let himself be engulfed by the feeling of John and finally getting what he had dreamt of.
Sherlock whimpered, it sounded more like a cry of pain, but John would know better.
,’ or he’d say ’
A relationship with Sherlock… it’s not like the thought hasn’t crossed his mind.
about this. He pretends to sleep, until he eventually does.
“And into this mess – a mess into which you have walked completely voluntarily, I might add – into this you want to drag my brother! Of all people. The last man on earth equipped for that!”
Tonight, he’d had just a little more than one glass of the excellent Cabernet Sauvignon that John had brought. Although he didn’t feel intoxicated, there was definitely a light buzz in his blood, and it helped to muffle the internal soundtrack of thoughts that threatened to break the spell of this fantasy.
”What?”
He decided to give in to the impulse, and for the first time, allowed his hands to travel further down along Sherlock’s long, pale torso. He made a little pause at his navel, got a flashback from when he had been kissing him there, on that night a long time ago. It was unbelievable that he now got the chance to do it again.
The reply comes almost immediately, in form of a single bullet fired right through the wooden door, hitting the front of the nearest car and making everybody on the outside drop to the wet, freezing ground.
John keeps pressing, stretching, perhaps a little bit impatiently but really, he feels like he can’t wait another minute.
John turned to Mrs. Hudson, who was watching him from the hallway.
After a good two minutes of searching through the vast cheese counter, he finally found the
”I know,” said John, squeezed him tighter. ”I know.”
Sherlock was quiet, taking in the words. It had indeed hurt badly, John using the one word that people threw in his face on an almost daily basis.
Gabriel shrugged.
Sherlock just kept staring at him. John seemed to be picking up steam now, there was undisguised anger in his voice as he kept on.
His wrists were released, abruptly. Holding himself up on one underarm against the bed, John moved his other hand over Sherlock's flank, down, and then grabbed Sherlock's arse firmly. On his next downward movement, John pushed a bit harder, and there it was – John's cock, now actually partially nestled in between Sherlock's buttocks.
When John was done reading through the papers, he remained seated at the kitchen table for a long time, questioning himself. How could he not have seen the extent of Sherlock’s vulnerability?
The latin phrases are pulled straight from the internets, my apologies if they are not correct.
Holding Sherlock’s gaze with intensive focus, John let his palm, in a decisive gesture, fall heavy, straight down on Sherlock’s cock.
John’s tight self control is beginning to slip a bit, now. He rams his tongue hard into Sherlock’s mouth, his hand gripping the wet curls at the back of his head, sliding his rock hard dick almost all the way out, and then pushing it hard into Sherlock’s warm body again.
With great fondness he thought about what had been his favorite part of that night, Sherlock and him sitting in their chairs at Baker Street, laughing and being silly and very drunk.
Sherlock parts his lips; an invitation. John cups the back of Sherlock’s head, lets his tongue slip into Sherlock’s mouth again and this time, the kisses turns wet and urgent right from the beginning.
”John…”
John chuckled, pulled him even closer.
“John... er, can I...? Can I try?” Sherlock was looking questioningly at him, and had moved his right hand to rest on his hip bone, so close to his dick but not touching.
”That was fantastic, Sherlock, as always. Brilliant, extraordinary,” John marveled.
”What?" he says, irritably. ”Is it past my bedtime?”
”We’re definitely too old for this, Sherls,” Gabe had grunted as they were making their way out into the bright daylight, throats dry and splitting headaches forming. ”Not twenty-four anymore. I feel like shit!” He sighed, and put on the pair of sunglasses he had been clutching in his hand. ”Good Lord how I wish I hadn’t run into The Wanker! God, what was I thinking.”
”Do you really need to ask?” Sherlock says, and John laughs.
It must have been largely fueled by the alcohol in his bloodstream, because when he thought about it later, in a sober condition, John just couldn't fathom he'd had the guts – the insanity? - to do what he'd actually done.
Sherlock was doing that blinky thing again, and John remembered. He could joke and banter with Sherlock, a lot, and he would love it, would usually be the one who initiated it. But at important moments, complete transparency was required. That, John had finally learned.
”Sherlock. I can’t believe I’m standing here in the park with you again,” he said softly. Sherlock turned his face towards him, but didn’t look up to meet his eye.
”So here it goes: Do you want me to stay the night, or would you rather have some space to yourself? Either is perfectly fine with me, by the way. I just want to do what you want me to.”
It’s like they’ve done this, together, a thousand times before. Effortless, the way their bodies fit together. John is burning.
Sherlock was taken aback by the wording, as well as the blunt statement of the fact he knew to be true.
During the short time it took for Sherlock to make his way up the stairs, John managed to worry about all kinds of things. Like, how should he greet him once he stepped inside? What would the mood between them be like? What would Sherlock be like - of this, John couldn’t even form a guess. It could go in absolutely any direction.
need to compromise to fix
In a rush, John showered and got dressed. He chose his clothes carefully, trying to look nice but relaxed. From a kitchen drawer, he got out a note pad and a pen.
”Everything,” he managed to get out. ”Everything you do is amazing, it feels so  incredibly good, god, every single thing you do to me-” he panted.
Sherlock looks up, sees him smiling. ”I didn’t mean- You are most definitely not making me uncomfortable, Sherlock. Quite the opposite. I just thought that, you know. Maybe we should slow it down a bit, I don’t know, talk about… this? We’ve both had a bit to drink tonight, and also, I don’t know, exactly, how you-”
”Please pick up the phone,” the negotiator bellows into the megaphone. ”Let’s find a good solution to this together.”
John was standing in the hallway, listening to Mary giving the nanny more of the seemingly endless instructions of How to Take Care of a Baby for a Couple of Hours.
”No, I don’t think that’s true,” said John. ”He would have found a way regardless. If anyone's to blame, it’s probably me. I went over there and I pushed him. I shouldn’t have.”
”And if not,” John continues, ”I’m actually considering keeping an overnight place in Bingham, then go back and forth for the weekends with her. I honestly don’t think I can stand it much longer, you know. It’s perfectly nice and all, but it’s just so… boring. The town, the people… my job at the clinic… I feel like I have one foot in the grave already.”
”I think it’s a sign that it was one hell of a good party,” he smiled happily.
”Perhaps because I’m not ’normal’. I would have expected you to have figured that out by now. Why is it so hard for you to understand, Gabe. I don’t want that sort of life!”
”Boys,” Mummy’s calling after them. ”No smoking!”
”Because I can tell you’re an idiot. No offense, most therapists are. I know everything you’re going to say. I’ve been through it before.”
”You are trying to manipulate me into feeling sorry for you. If you’re lying about this, I swear to god I am actually going to kill you. What scars, show me then!”
And Sherlock thinks that there is so much,
”John? Are you awake?"
”Take me out? Like, on a date?”
”Five years, John. Didn’t think that-” He stops himself, feels his cheeks flush with heat.
”Why, I’m so glad you asked. It is the fact that I have full control over my pharyngeal reflex. That’s what.” Sherlock had his eyes locked on John, and John felt like he might faint for real this time. Or die from arousal.
* * *
. Said it on so many occasions Sherlock that Sherlock had lost track (sloppy!).
He sees her blush and she sits back more, clasps her hands in her lap now.
Sherlock huffed, more than a little peeved by this demonstration. He’d known this would be the case, but it was still a bit frustrating to see that he really was that much inferior to John, strength wise. Maybe he should start a weight lifting routine.
He sees the entire Holmes family exchanging quick glances between each other, questions unspoken. Sherlock is still looking down. Something has to be done, and John is a soldier, after all. One deep breath. Steady.
“Alright, I’ll come down. I'll meet you at the door in five,” Sherlock said, then hung up. John looked at him, curious. Then he noticed Sherlock's cheeks were flushed pink. Uh-oh.
“Sorry, I've a better deal right here,” Sherlock hollered back to the man. “But since you're so keen, why don't you head back to the club you visited just last night? Might want to tell your friends that's the reason you left that birthday party so early. I'm sure they'd love to hear all about the escort guy you hooked up with, too.”
Then John’s thoughts turn to Greg, still stuck in there. He thinks about Greg’s kids, thinks about Rosie, if this had been him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He returned a couple of minutes later, with a bag containing a large, paper wrapped, heavy item.
, but then quickly erases it again. Instead, he adds:
“Such as..?”
John exhales, it comes out shakily. Allows himself to linger on the mental image for a little while.
John pressed Sherlock up against the brick wall of the restaurant exterior. Sherlock was looking at him with crazy eyes, his pupils were dilated to the extent that only a thin line of his irises were visible.
It was an odd experience, to go from casually interacting with your best friend, to suddenly not being able to look at him without imagining some sexually tinged scenario.
”We’ll need to get furniture,” Sherlock said. ”I want a really nice bed! And a big desk. Maybe we should check out those antique stores by the pub? It could be fun!”
John had seen it before, but only as slides on a powerpoint presentation, in preparation of his deployment, at a lecture aimed to teach him about the things he might encounter.
”I don’t know what to say, Mycroft,” John sighed. ”You, or Sherlock, or anyone else for that matter, could have told me! I tried to survive, that was what I did. How the hell could I have known he wasn’t dead!”
”That’s an Ornithoptera priamus.”
It felt so incredibly right to be back at Baker Street. He smiled as he made his way out to the sitting room. The dog had curled up in a corner of the sofa, and Sherlock was kneeling in front of the fire place, getting a fire started.
He crossed his arms, kept them tight across his chest, looked straight at John. John seemed surprised, maybe by the sudden turn of emotions, well screw that.
John said nothing but Mary immediately replied. ”Oh please do, that would be great!” she exclaimed, perhaps trying to make up for John’s crazy behavior. ”Let’s ask for two more chairs!”
Outside King’s Cross it’s close to chaos, and it takes John a good half hour to get a hold of a taxi. The collective buzz of New Year’s Eve is vibrating in the crowd, people everywhere, dressed up and on their way out into the London night. His shoulders drop a bit as he inhales the scent, takes in the well known sounds. This is home, always has been, will always be. He walks for a couple of minutes before finally managing to hail a car.
”Oh, it’s just - you just described yourself.” John bit his lip, waited for the reaction.
Should have known.
It was such a strange thing. Three little words, but they seemed to have an almost infinite number of different meanings. They could be spoken to a lover in the midst of passion, or to a child. Said to a friend as a simple phrase when you hung up the phone.
He's never before talked to anyone about his attraction to men. What he’d said to Sherlock - it had been the first time he’d ever said the words out loud.
The girl was tugging at his sleeve this time. ”What’s that?”
Alright, John thought. They gave him a sedative. It was the right thing to do.
He’d had an uncomfortable, fluttering sensation in his stomach when going to get the door, but that had quickly disappeared as John had swept in with an air of buzzing confidence about him.
about to leave and-”
”What the..!” John leaped forward to pull it out of the glass, dried it off on his shirt, pressed a few buttons. As expected, the phone was completely dead. He ripped out the battery, dried it off, put it back in. Didn’t help.
The kiss was so light at first, only lips brushing together, and John moved his hand to touch the wet curls in the nape of Sherlock’s neck. As they kissed, John felt a fire starting to pick up speed within him; he had to deliberately step back for a moment to not risk losing control and perhaps overwhelming Sherlock.
Sherlock's mind blanked for a brief moment.
In Sherlock’s stomach, a nervous unrest. This…
When Sherlock was deeply emerged in the world of science, John only listened with half an ear. He’d fleetingly pick up on phrases such as ’
Sherlock didn’t even see it coming, didn’t even know exactly how it had happened, but suddenly John was bent over him, holding Sherlock’s wrists in an iron grip over his head, pressing them down into the mattress.
Sherlock had yanked back at lightning’s speed, while John slowly straightened up and gathered his composure. His heart was beating fast, he felt too overwhelmed to form a single linear thought. In a haze, he looked up.
Greg has immediately been whisked off to the ambulance for a checkup, John wonders if he should go over there to assist when Sherlock’s legs suddenly appear to give way, he sits down kneeling, supporting himself with his hands on the ground.
********************
much about you.”
The rush of adrenaline has woken him up completely, and now he lies there, staring up into the ceiling, trying to sort out the thoughts in his head. In the pit of his stomach, that familiar, heavy weight has returned.
Without saying a word, he pulled out his fingers, ever so gently, and Sherlock knew he’d decided it was time. He looked at John, took in his every move, as he released Sherlock’s leg from his shoulder, leaned over and kissed him.
Sunday, Monday and Tuesday went by in a blur. John performed his tasks at the clinic in a robot-like mode, and many times found himself staring blankly at the computer screen in front of him, unwritten records and referrals piling up at an alarming speed. He thought about how Sherlock had gone missing in action from his life the last months.
normal, is your flatmate keeping some sort of spreadsheet of it all!”
Researchers or physicians. No wait; both. All were dressed in black suits, the woman had a knee long skirt but was otherwise dressed about the same as the men. They were closely following the interaction, displaying signs of amusement, hidden under a controlled facade.
But this time, he refrains.
”Yes. What about him?”
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s hips and arse, allowed himself to be rocked back and forth in the quick pace that John was setting.
”So, how about that hobby detective work you were doing before?” Richard, one of the other doctors, had a slight smirk on his face.
”Sherlock,” John moaned against his lips.
A quick glance at his wrist watch, it’s eleven thirty already. He’s been sitting there for almost four hours now.
”Sherlock Holmes!” he went on. ”I knew from the papers that you’re a famous detective, but I had no idea you were such a cinephile! Oh the beauty of that line, isn’t it just one of the best ones ever written! The perfect repetition of it throughout, and the way it captures the essence of that entire 80’ies era while at the same time providing a comment on-”
One particularly lonely, boring Saturday night, alone in his new flat, he’d picked up his phone and begun to scroll. Sent a few messages just for the hell of it. And surprisingly, one of the two women who’d gotten back had turned out to be quite… interesting, really.
”Alright, so as head boy, one has to give a speech in front of the entire school and faculty at the opening ceremony in late September. In Latin.”
At ten, Sherlock was sitting in his chair with his phone in hand, considering.
He watched him sitting across the table. Eating. He was actually eating. And he was so close that John could reach out his hand and touch his cheek if he wanted to. He did want to. Christ, help me, he thought in a silent plea, even though he wasn’t particularly religious.
His first impulse is to follow, but no, John doesn’t seem to expect him to, so Sherlock stays and there’s possibly someone trying to ask him something but he ignores it completely. He needs to know what John says; sees him swiping to reply as he keeps moving through the crowded room.
Gabe withdrew his hand from John’s back, and instead grabbed ahold of Sherlock’s arms, shaking him gently. John could tell Sherlock was just as hazed as he was, but Gabriel was too drunk to notice.
John smiled a little. ”I said ’feel’. I never stopped. You’re the only one for me, Sherlock.”
”Christ, to hear you say that word,” he breathes.
His entire body shook when he felt Sherlock add first a swirling tongue around the head, and then a firm hand at the base.
”I’m sorry, John, I’d better get this,” Sherlock said, appearing extremely awkward. John was uncomfortable as well, but figured it was probably nothing compared to Sherlock, judging by the look of him.
”What about this finger, John, it’s for you,” Sherlock says and holds up his left arm, the one closest to the bed, middle finger pointing up. His eyes have adjusted to the darkness now, so he figures John can probably see the gesture.
”Now,” he said, and John started to move his fingers, ever so slowly, all three held tightly together. Sherlock felt them glide, in and almost but not completely out, and whimpered. The pain had subsided, and was quickly being replaced by intense pleasure.
Maybe he was imagining half of it, but John really thought he could see all sorts of reactions cross Chris’ face, although it only lasted for a few seconds. John saw utter surprise, then confusion, and then, unfortunately if he was right, disgust.
”Oh fuck,” said John. ”You actually mean it.”
Thinking about what was about to happen was more than enough to keep John's fire going while he darted up to his own bedroom, grabbed the bottle of lube and a couple of condoms and then went back down the stairs, taking three steps at the time.
”I’m sorry." She's speaking in a soft tone that he's not at all used to, from her. It's making him cringe. Thankfully, she then changes the subject.
This was not Sherlock. He remembered the way he’d been at the stag night, stumbling around, picking a fight with that guy even. But… he hadn’t been acting this… uninhibited. And just thirty minutes ago, he’d been quite sober and drinking water.
At lunchtime, John was sitting by his desk with a much needed cup of black coffee in his hand. The meeting had, as expected, been hard, and right after he had seen seven more patients, the usual steady stream of sore throats and allergic rashes.
”I know you don’t feel comfortable saying it, Sherlock, and I respect that, I really do. But I just can’t help to feel sad sometimes that you don’t, I don’t know, feel the way I do for you."
One of those nights, when the rift between them had felt like it was tearing him apart, Sherlock had decided to try.
And Sherlock bowed his head and John reached up, and there, under a tin roof in the park they both loved, their lips finally met again.
”Oh,” he says, thoughts suddenly taking a very different direction.
The car comes to a stop outside John’s hotel, but he doesn’t get out. Instead he leans forward and takes one of Sherlock’s hands in his, notices it’s still ice cold. Quickly moves to grip his wrist, notice that his pulse still hasn’t quite come down.
”From the way you sound, John… Might I expect to catch a glimpse of you in the Pride parade next summer?” He snickered and simultaneously tried to swallow the wine that he had just taken a sip of.
“John, John-” he mumbled. “Come on. I need you-”
His cock was inside Sherlock’s mouth, and their eyes locked for a moment, and through his dizziness, John managed to think that he would remember that image forever.
And then he suddenly stands up again, stumbles a little bit away from John, bends over and throws up.
“What do you want to know?” she said, blankly staring in front of her.
”Do you like to take it up the arse, Sherlock?”
Out on the sidewalk, they got stuck for a moment, neither of them seemed to know what to say.
“Alright, game on then,” he heard Sherlock say, and then, Sherlock's rumbling voice calling back to the man.
As they keep moving against each other, the careful gentleness and the soft whispers are soon replaced by much more urgent exclamations. The room fills with heavy breathing, moans, occasional creaky noises from Sherlock’s bed, and scattered, short clipped words of
John put the Clancy book down in his lap – by now he was pretty sure how it ended - and took a sip of his coffee. Once again, he felt a faint flutter of nervousness in his stomach when he thought about what he was planning to give Sherlock tonight.
He tried to remember.
“When do you plan to start dating again?”
John threw his hands out in a pleading gesture.
Another deep breath.
When John comes in, it takes Sherlock about a tenth of a second to see that it was a mistake to allow John time by himself. He’s still fully dressed. He’s blinking more frequently than when in a relaxed (or aroused) state, and he’s not immediately coming up to Sherlock even though he’s standing there, ready, waiting.
********************
* * *
John was apparently thinking the same thing.
”Victor’s father interested me extremely. He wasn’t an educated man, but he had this… raw strength, both physically and mentally. He’d travelled a lot, seen much of the world, and learned through experience rather than books. In the local community, I discovered he had a reputation for his kindness and charity work. He served as a Justice of Peace there, and was known for the leniency of his sentences from the bench.”
”Apologies,” he mumbles, looking down again. ”I, uh. I wasn’t sure.”
”You’re gorgeous,” John said.
* * *
He pressed the number, heard the voice at the other end answer the call.
, but I really don’t see how you could help me,” he scoffed, then got out of his chair to leave.
“John, oh god, John!”
John silenced him with another kiss, sucked in that lower lip and let his hand slide down Sherlock’s back to firmly cup his arse. On an impulse, he slapped it once, then reveled in the gasping sound it drew from the wriggling man next to him.
”I’m not good with children, John,” Sherlock mumbled, grumpily. ”I don’t like them at all, to be honest. They’re strange and loud and unpredictable. They lack a fundamental regard for behavioral norms and proper conduct. They’re exhaustingly nosy and overly curious and just, oh, I don’t know. Obnoxious, I guess that word sums it up.”
And although that meant breaking his promise to Mycroft, and perhaps upsetting Sherlock again, well, he had to take that risk, just this once.
John grabs a corner of the duvet, uncovers his face. Doesn’t know where to look.
”Was, um. Fight.” Sherlock’s speech is a bit mumbled, but he does sound sober. ”Not… too bad.”
Or, and this was the trickiest part, they could represent a whole array of things that a person could feel about another person that one was close to. Spoken like that, Sherlock figured they meant all of the above things but wrapped into one.
”Oh, look!” Mrs Holmes pokes at Mr Holmes, who seems to have dosed off for a moment.
When Sherlock was silent - he was listening, he just didn’t know what to say - John searched for his eyes, caught them eventually.
Sherlock had begun to move his hips very slightly, John reckoned it was probably completely instinctual. He felt himself smiling. The alcohol acted as a filter, keeping away most of the thoughts John figured he would probably have about all this happening if he'd been sober. He wasn't, though, and it was easy to just relax into the moment.
John came up to him, close. He had finally discarded the rabbit.
He begins to walk, then run, towards the main street and the train station.
”Look at you. I never dreamt…” He sits up again, pushes his fingers a little bit further in and then presses them up.
“Good boy,” he breathed as Sherlock was just finished with the condom.
Sherlock stopped the up and down motion and for a moment, he just held the top of his dick in his mouth. Their eyes met again, John shivered, then yelped out loud again as Sherlock let his pointed tongue start to flicker over the frenulum.
Now and then, groups of people pass by. Perfume and cigarette smoke, laughter and chatter, the clacking of high heels on the pavement. From Marylebone Road, more noise; people and traffic.
”I am so sorry,” he whispered. ”I am so very, very sorry, Sherlock.” Sherlock was still and silent. John kept touching over his back, examining the white and red marks.
”I’m not-” Sherlock began, then stopped.
The pace had picked up, it was beginning to turn frantic. John leaned over him more, as far as he could probably reach. He put his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms, and held him down steadily as he kept slamming into him.
But what if? What if they’d had that conversation, right when Sherlock had returned. How would things have turned out?
Seemingly to prove his point that this was not up for debate, John then immediately got up to get his jacket and his keys.
“How could you possibly know what I... you're no mind reader, of that I am sure.”
“You're really tight. I'm afraid I'm going to hurt you.”
”Stand up on your knees, John.” John obliged, got up to stand on shaky knees while Sherlock positioned himself in front of him. He put both of his large hands on John’s hipbones, and then stretched out his tongue. He let it swirl around John’s cock, and John could see everything from this new angle. He cursed again.
He slipped the chain with the tags into the envelope, then sealed it.
”Well. Yes. I do.”
John had moved his hands away from Sherlock’s ass. Instead he was using his body weight to press Sherlock back against the counter, and he was starting to rock into Sherlock, in a slow but urgent pace. Sherlock quickly caught on, moving his hips in rhythm with John’s. He noticed his shirt buttons were being undone.
”Well,” Sherlock says. ”We can’t know what’ll ’appen, can we? But I can make sure to get yous a proper attorney. And ya know what, Danny?”
(See the end of the chapter for
”I was just thinking… I noticed. You knew every single word, all of it. Every song, every prayer.”
”Sherlock! For fuck’s sake!” John looks up, his eyes shining, and the position they’re in brings vivid images to Sherlock’s mind of another situation where John could possibly look up at him like that.
With great effort, they had eventually managed to corner and capture it, and were now slowly making their way back towards the end of the park. When they were back by the lake with not that much more to go, the rain suddenly turned into a violent downpour.
But what about all those countless occasions on which John so adamantly had defended his unwavering heterosexuality, time and time again, over a period spanning years? Never giving Sherlock even the slightest indication.
John made a sound with words in it.
For the first time since they sat down, Sherlock spoke. ”But you were not,” he said, sounding slightly annoyed.
John smiled, amazed as always at Sherlock’s observational skills.
After a brisk walk through Regent’s Park to work off some restlessness, John was sitting at a table in the small sandwich bar. He anxiously awaited getting the full story of exactly what had happened last night and how Sherlock was doing now.
The text to Gabe, no way to avoid sending it or he'd begin to worry. Kept it brief, pretended that everything was fine. More lies. They were up to his throat by now. Drowning in a sea of lies. What a way to go.
Outside the small pharmacy, the activity is frantic. Three police cars, as well as the black undercover car that Lestrade apparently had arrived in, parked in a triangle shaped formation blocking off the street, bathing the entire block in flashing blue light.
It was surreal to see John move about in the kitchen; instinctively finding everything in the drawers and cupboards, getting the dicky old gas burner to start at first try, cleaning up the mess with a surgeon’s efficiency as he went along.
Sherlock hears before the door closes.
The only thing it had led to, was that one day, Dr. Riyat had snapped. Sherlock was actually kind of surprised that it hadn’t happened sooner.
And Sherlock laughs, a soundless breathy laugh, and John chooses that exact moment to give another thrust, causing Sherlock’s laugh to turn into a gasp. John repeats the motion, again, and then again, and sees Sherlock’s apprehension slip away, being replaced by a different kind of tension.
He had wanted to show him that he loved him, endlessly, even if that wasn’t always how it came across in his actions. Still, that was how it was. He loved John so much he knew he couldn’t stand to be without him, no, never again, and it scared him and it felt unfair. It was like he was being blackmailed by his own emotions.
At twelve thirty, he sent the text to the number he knew by heart.
”You can call me John.” This makes Sherlock begin to giggle again, his stomach aches.
Of course. They’re thinking that John just didn’t know about this particular guy; not that… not that he and Sherlock have never even come close to this entire conversation, before.
John closed his eyes in agony. He had made an inexcusable mistake and now Sherlock was paying the price.
Sherlock will not make the same mistakes as before. Cannot afford it.
”So, how’s Gabriel?” he asked, forcing his face into something he hoped would be perceived as friendly.
”Ask me.”
“I seem to have gotten myself into a slightly sticky situation,” he added in a low voice, grinning. Sherlock didn't think that anyone could ever have a more perfect smile.
John was smiling, slowly shaking his head, but his eyes were shooting fire.
! So why don’t you do me a favour and stay the fuck away, ok! FUCK. OFF. JOHN!”
”You should just stop talking right now, ok! You don’t know Sherlock the way I do. And I’m so sorry for not realizing this earlier, but yes, I love him and he loves me. And I cannot keep on living a lie. Our marriage will never work, I thought it might but I was wrong.”
”Sorry, I shouldn’t have-”
John removes the last two eggs from the carton, places them in the door tray instead. He’s wrapped the left over turkey in tin foil, and is now busy rearranging the contents of the packed fridge to make room for it.
A burning sensation in Sherlock’s chest.
”It’s a good thing, then,” John said with a smile before he kissed him again, ”that you’re anything but.”
”I love you.”
The curtains in Sherlock’s room were drawn and they had locked the door and pushed the desk in front of it for good measure.
He got up out of the chair, reached out his hand to help Sherlock up on his feet. With shaky legs and beating heart, he made his way towards Sherlock's bedroom. Sherlock was holding his hand, following right behind him.
”Nice. Well, we’ve certainly had a hell of a long beginning. I’m more than ready for the next part.”
”Adorable,” he says. Maybe later, when no-one is around, he can snap a picture of this photograph. Wants to keep it, somehow.
”If you wish,” John says with his usual good humour.
that this wasn’t about him. Was about someone else, some woman in John’s imagination -
“I'm sorry I'm such a mess,” she said. “I would have loved to stay and chat for a while-” Sherlock was very glad to hear that was not going to happen “-but my dog just ran away! Took after a rabbit. It's so terrible, Mr. Holmes, I've got to find her! My husband has said that if it ever happens again, he will have her put down!” She looked like she was about to burst out in tears.
”…and there she goes,” John said grimly, as the dog took off like a rocket from a launchpad.
Returning from Afghanistan, lonely and broken, he hadn’t had a life. After losing Sherlock, he didn’t even want one. Sherlock’s return from the dead had also been John’s.
John licks his lips, strokes a bit quicker, eyes on Sherlock’s face. He has one hand on Sherlock’s arse, the other still wrapped around his cock.
”Smart move to drink water. The last time we were out like this together, I recall that we woke up in the drunk tank.”
Okay, definitely pissed. Room spinning. After washing his hands, John walked up to the bar and quickly downed three large glasses of water, then decided it would probably be best to head home. He said a quick goodbye to everyone and stepped outside. It felt good with the cool air hitting his face, much better already. Maybe walking for a bit would do him good, before getting in a taxi. Did not want to come home like this, knew how Mary would taunt him about it.
John felt his heart stop; got an ice cold feeling in his chest. This can't be, he thought. It just couldn’t be. Had he already met someone else? Without even giving John a chance? He felt dizzy, tried to conceal his achingly raw disappointment, the pain that was shooting through him.
His tongue. Back in Sherlock’s mouth. But now, pointed, and he was beginning to slip it in and out between Sherlock’s lips, mimicking the pace of their sliding together in Sherlock’s hand. It was just like fucking-
The beaming aside, John wouldn’t stop touching him, either. Throughout dinner, there had been constant touches.
Before Sherlock can stop himself, he interrupts, regretting his words as soon as they are spoken.
With all his great mental abilities, Sherlock was used to being right. He was almost always right. But not about things like this. Never had been.
”Stop it, Mary, just stop it!” John said firmly. ”I don’t want to hear another word about this from you.”
”Brilliant; simply brilliant. I see I’ve met my match in you.”
He could feel Sherlock tensing up next to him again, he saw his mind examining all possible meanings and implications of what John had said. He was blinking again, his eyebrows in a deep furrow. John was overcome with a sudden, resounding sadness, for himself and for Sherlock and for everything that had to be so goddamn difficult.
”Mr Trevor was really uncomfortable around me, after that, Victor even told me so. I began to feel like I was imposing, that my mere presence there was ruining their vacation. So I decided to cut my visit a bit short.”
”Don’t be ridiculous,” John says.
”How do you know about that stupid- That’s not. It’s not-” John’s voice trails off because, really, there’s not so much he can say. It’s just that there are so many things he didn’t know about. Thinks again that he’s been so fucking blind.
”As if you could,” Sherlock scoffed.
John takes in the sight of Sherlock: wet messy hair, wet bloodstained shirt. Trousers covered with something that looks like mud. He’s sitting slumped down on the toilet lid in this old, small bathroom, there are dark blue circles underneath his eyes. John thinks that he looks so… lost. Vulnerable and defensive, young and old, weak and strong; all in a great big jumble.
”Fuck. Just tell me Sherlock. Did Gabriel know as well?”
The kid stops crying, snuffles, appears to blow his nose. ”Az if.”
John let his hands slide down Sherlock’s arms, squeezed them briefly, then let go. Stood back, and suddenly, Sherlock felt freezing cold.
He heard the clicking sound from the dog’s claws against the kitchen floor, apparently it wanted something to drink, too. He looked around and found the bowl, filled it with water and put it down, got one tired wag in return.
For the first time ever, Sherlock found himself wondering what his child - the one he planned to never have, but still - what would his child look like? Be like?
On the table, two glasses of almost finished orange juice, and two large, blue and white teacups, one empty, one full. Sherlock’s tea had since long gone cold, but he planned to drink it anyway. Under normal circumstances, Gabriel would have gotten up to get him a hot refill but today he hadn’t, and Sherlock was not going to bother to do it himself.
Sherlock noticed the ’baby’ but was too lost in it all to even reflect upon it.
Sherlock reluctantly meets his eyes.
“You... you didn't, er, mind, then? I didn't mean to-”
”If you want to-” John began, then hesitated, searching for the right words.
The invitation to Greg’s birthday party had arrived through email, and when John met him at the pub after work one evening, he figured he might as well ask.
Mike nodded, and John continued.
”John,” Sherlock whispered. ”You’re amazing. Your body. Those muscles. Look at you.”
Even though he’s still hiding his face in John’s chest, he can feel John hesitating. A question, withheld. Sherlock waits.
”Then what’s the harm in risking hearing it again? They won’t discharge you for another two hours. Do you have something more important to do perhaps? Watch some more of that stimulating daytime television in your comfy observation room?”
Too much speaking, too little kissing. ”Honestly, John. If this is your idea of dirty talk-”
had been wonderful, even more so than usual. It seemed to have worked like some sort of magic spell, this whole getting along decently with the Watson girl, because John just wouldn’t stop beaming at him.
It had been a way of escaping the brutal intensity of his grief, back then. Again and again, he’d been thinking about it -
********************
”Bedroom,” John panted. ”Come.”
A minute later, his phone vibrated once, then shortly after, once again.
”Ah!” Sherlock moans on the next push in, and that is enough to send a shiver down John’s spine. It’s really happening. It’s really, really happening, and John can hardly believe it.
Sherlock felt a hard lump forming in his throat.
”Erm, well. Yes, I suppose there was. He was working a lot, around the clock I think. And there was… well there was some other stuff as well. Although I can’t really say, I- I didn’t see him that much to be honest. My wife and I recently had a baby, and…” John became quiet again, thoughts swirling around.
John laughed. ”But that has surely never stopped you before.”
Two hours later, he fell asleep again, on the brown leather sofa. Even though it was a fitful, shallow sleep this time, there was still a great comfort in being home.
”John, Caroline!” Mrs Holmes is returning to the room, carrying a large photo album. Its cover is made of dark brown leather. It looks worn, and is of the older type with plastic pockets to hold the photos. Here and there, John can see newspaper clippings sticking out.
, so natural, so easy, in the protection of darkness and inebriation. But now… A whirl of worry is beginning to pick up speed in his stomach.
For years, Sherlock had been fantasizing about this. Imagined all the different scenarios of where and how. Often, he’d pictured it happening in the adrenaline rush after a solved case, how John would pin him to the wall and kiss him roughly. John’s tongue would feel hard and wet and hot against his own-
Has drifted off when he feels the mattress shift. John sits up, finds his pants and puts them on. Climbs over Sherlock and goes to turn the lamp off. Sherlock moves to make space for John as he crawls back into the bed. The room is bathed in darkness. John’s arm finds its way around him again, and Sherlock willingly relaxes into the embrace. Another kiss on the lips; soft, gentle.
As the effects of arousal and booze had worn off, John felt questions begin to surface in his mind. Questions about where this left them now, and what was going to happen in the future. It had all happened so fast, but he already knew that he wanted more.
”Sherlock, I, um. I didn’t say anything because I felt that I had ruined enough things for you. I wanted to-” he tried to catch his eyes but couldn’t, ”I just wanted you to have a chance to be happy.”
”Sherlock, I won’t be far away, alright? So if there’s ever something you need, anything I can do, just let me know. Okay? And- keep doing what you’re doing right now, you hear? Because I need you to look after yourself. Alright? Okay. I’m going to go now. We’ll - we’ll stay in touch, okay - so, yeah. See you soon.”
It had been a grey and chilly November weekend, and it was the second time that they'd gratefully accepted Janine's offer to borrow the cottage.
”Nine thirty.”
Of course, after that, one thing led to another, and then it led to Sherlock’s - no,
They had gone for long walks in the forest – with Sadie on a leash, thank you very much – and in the evenings, walked for thirty minutes, one way, to get to the pub for fish and chips and some entertainment – it was one of John's favourite pastimes in the world – sitting side by side with Sherlock in a corner of a pub or a restaurant, reveling in the deductions he'd make, for John's sake of course, about the other guests around them.
”John, John-”
”But how can you not! Seriously Sherlock, this is crazy. We’ve only been out for two hours, and already there are people having a problem with us just sitting here, together! Even though we are doing absolutely nothing offensive! I’m not even allowed to hold your bloody hand, for Christ’s sake! I won’t have it, you know.”
A seven percent solution of cocaine. That would have been the answer, not too long ago. But he’s decided never again - and right now he doesn’t even have a fucking sedative, anyway.
John watched as the other man stepped in front of Sherlock, put his hands on his shoulders. They were standing in a corner, too far away for John to be able to hear, but he could still see them. He recognized the signs of agitation in Sherlock, who was gesturing towards John’s table and flailing his arms around a bit, shaking his head profusely.
For a moment, he could see a bit of hesitation flicker in her otherwise steely cold eyes. Good, he was on the right track then.
This time, it was not difficult at all for Sherlock to find the right words.
“Surely this subject doesn't embarrass you, John?” Sherlock seemed to be absolutely sincere in his question. “It's perfectly normal, you know.”
”You’re so incredibly beautiful, Sherlock. Let me see you. Show me how you feel.”
”Oh do me a favour, John!” Sherlock scoffed.
”What?” he managed to get out after a few seconds.
Mark then turned to the others, who were all trying very hard not to gawk at the celebrity standing before them.
“John, John,” he chanted, leaning his sweaty forehead against John’s, and John quickly came to it. He reached down both his hands, pushed away Sherlock's with a firm motion.
”John, really-”
”Learn the facts.”
And then a mother had walked in with her baby, soaring fever, and he had to call in to the hospital to make sure someone would see them right away.
A minute later, John was standing up in the middle of the sitting room, trying to hear every little piece of the conversation. To his frustration, he couldn't really make out all the words, only got snippets. He heard Gabriel say something, and then heard Sherlock laugh. It wasn’t his fake, routine-interaction laugh, but the soft, genuine one, and John felt like it was hard to breathe.
”Back at the house, Victor showed me the letter. At first I couldn’t figure it out, but then I realised it was a skip code. Every third letter, and then it made sense. Long story short; turned out Mr Trevor had gotten himself into trouble when he was young. Had a debt, and embezzled money from the bank where he was working to pay it off. Had intentions to return the ’loan’, as he saw it, to the bank as soon as he could, but we all know how that story usually goes. Was caught, sentenced, but shortly after there was a riot and he took the chance to escape. Built a completely new life in Australia, made a lot of money trading gold. Returned to England as a wealthy man, new identity, determined to be a better person. But, his past eventually caught up with him. Starting with my deduction of those initials, that night. Ending with a stroke brought on by the blackmail that old acquaintance subjected him to.”
They ordered food and drinks, and after a while, the waitress returned with a bread basket, some olive oil and sea salt, as well as the two glasses of red wine that they had ordered. Sherlock suddenly got a worried expression on his face.
”Sherlock, I got worried because I hadn’t meant for things to happen like that, you know- happen this fast. Last time I rushed things, I ended up losing you, and you shut me out of your life, and got really scared that I’d screwed up again.”
At eight, he couldn't sit still anymore. He was sinking in quicksand, but he couldn't leave, what if John did come after all. It was getting dark outside, and inside, he hadn't bothered with any of the lamps.
“Oh, you know,” Sherlock began, surprisingly relaxed. John was on full alert by now. “I think about the usual stuff – how many decimals of pi that I can remember, or the final proof to Fermat's Theorem – things like that.”
”Not Gary, though,” said Sherlock, causing John to snort coffee through his nose.
John turned away from Sherlock to face the woman again.
Now, he was waiting for Mary to say something. She was shaking her head, lips pressed together.
”Sherlock, it’s difficult for me to explain, I don’t even get it myself. I never considered myself, um, gay, but,” he paused, ”but I’m very attracted to you. As you could see earlier,” he added with a laugh, blushing again.
It could all have ended last night. Ended right there, alone in a dark flat at Baker Street. Game over for Sherlock Holmes. He shuddered.
”Fine,” he reluctantly said. ”I’ll see her.”
, his emotions and his mind met and firmly locked together.
Sherlock’s tired eyes light up, a barely noticeable sparkle. ”You always say that.”
”But what about you?” John whispers, lips grazing against the skin on Sherlock’s throat, just beneath his jawline. It sends shivers through his body, makes his groin tingle. ”Because that’s what I was going to ask. I didn’t even know you liked this sort of-”
”Never say never, John. When you have a child that young together; sometimes you find your way back to each other, anyway. Might be worth it, if there’s a way.”
“Your word,” he scoffed. “You say things last night were beyond your control, John. So pray tell, what makes you think they’ll always be controllable in the future?”
Is this a joke? This entire conversation needs to stop, right now.
And for that, he was immensely proud.
”Can I take that as a yes, then?” Sherlock had moved his hand up that final inch, and was now palming John as he spoke.
It dawned on John that this was the second time that Sherlock had made him feel like this at a nice restaurant. The first time had arguably been a lot worse, because honestly, what could possibly top the shock of your best friend coming back from the dead. However, right now this felt quite difficult as well.
For a brief moment, the music is drowned by the scraping sounds of people rising in the benches around him. He stands, shuts his eyes and lets the music carry him far back in time and place.
And then,
At first, Sherlock's movements were a little awkward and fumbling, but not unexpectedly, he turned out to be a very quick study. He seemed to pick up on every little sign from John and adjusted what he was doing accordingly. As John felt himself hitting the next plateau of pleasure, he hazily marveled about how this hand job was rapidly shaping up to be one of the best he'd ever received.
He can’t form coherent thoughts anymore. Nothing exists now, nothing but arousal and need and an odd ache in his chest that he can’t put his finger on.
”Yes,” he replies, breathless. ”Yes.”
John had caught himself staring at that perfect mouth, imagining what it would be like to touch those lips with his own, only to then realize he hadn’t heard a word of what Sherlock had been saying.
John felt like his face was burning up. He wondered if Mike knew about his feelings, then decided he couldn’t possibly. John was newly wedded, after all, and the father of a beautiful little baby girl. A perfectly well adjusted family man. The obsessive thoughts he was having about Sherlock were surely not written all over him. It just felt that way.
. Doesn’t dare to look up to meet John’s eyes, waits for a reply but when one second has passed without John saying anything, he panics. ”Obviously, I completely understand if you can’t and, ha! Just a silly thought really, never mi-”
Perhaps he’d stood there, too quiet and too still, for a bit too long, because John was taking him by the hand now, gently tugging him. He was smiling.
- large hand, pumping and twisting. He leaned his head down on Sherlock's neck, kissed it sloppily, felt the salty taste of his sweaty skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
In his peripheral vision, John saw him taking two steps towards the door, then stop. He came back.
“I like it when you touch me.”
”This was clearly a mistake. I’m sorry. You need to leave.” Sherlock had put on a robe and was standing up, facing the door and not John.
Now it was John’s turn to blush like a school girl.
, John thinks again as he gets a good chance to finally see the kid in person. He’s merely skin and bones. Blonde scruffy hair, hasn’t been washed for a long time; dirty jeans and a dirty hooded sweatshirt, far too thin for the season. The trainers on his feet are falling apart, holes in both of them. John sees some kind of tattoos across the kid’s hands, a piercing through his left nostril. Eyes fixed down into the wet pavement.
”And, uh. Um. No sister?”
”Of course.” Mind almost empty, couldn’t think.
His eyes had immediately detected Sherlock, sitting slouched down in his usual chair, head leaned back against the backrest, eyes half closed, arms slung loosely behind his head, and oh fucking hell was this really happening. Because in front of Sherlock, kneeled down on the rug, was another man, his forearms bracing on Sherlock’s thighs, his head bent down, moving slightly. And there was no way for John to misunderstand what he was observing.
John was a hard working and persistent man, refusing to be defeated. It was those traits that had made him so successful in the army, as well. John Watson was not one to give up.
Baker Street.
Each day had been a massive effort to make it from morning to evening, to put one foot in front of the other, and then repeat. To try to carry on when all he wanted was for it all to end. The nights, though, had been worse.
- first night,” Sherlock stutters. ”After-
“Of course, yes, er. Nothing particular.”
Fueled by the alcohol still buzzing in his blood, clouding his judgement, John put the key in the lock and turned.
His instinct is to get up, to get away from there. He wants to leave. He doesn’t want to sleep with her, but he also doesn’t want her to know about that, because - she’s a very nice, sweet, pretty woman and surely this is just some temporary lapse from his side.
”Soft!” he had ordered Mycroft. ”They need to be soft!”
The other night, when Rosie had been since long tucked into bed, he’d phoned her up to actually talk - maybe for the first time ever, he just couldn’t remember. But she’d listened, patiently and without judgement, and for the rest of that evening, his skin had been crawling a lot less.
It was supposed to be John and Sherlock, Sherlock and John,
”Yes of course, John, I could have just told you.” He echoed John’s words back in a fake, whiny voice, reminding John of a little boy trying to pick a fight with his brother.
”God,” moaned Sherlock, his eyes heavy now, he fought to keep them open and on John.
He explains the situation and his idea.
”Have you- um. After Victor, have you.. Or was this, you know..?”
But John is still in that wound up place, only now even more so, he needs to come and he needs it right this fucking second. He pulls out, a bit faster than he should have, probably, and Sherlock opens his eyes but does not show any signs of pain. John straightens up a bit, sits back onto his knees again. He takes his aching dick in his left hand and starts stroking, setting a furious, desperate pace. Sherlock is watching him with wide eyes.
John walked closer until he found himself standing on the sidewalk right across the flat. He looked up the windows facing the street, and saw that there were some lights on in the sitting room. Sherlock was home, and although it was late, John knew for certain that this man hardly ever went to sleep before three or four o'clock in the mornings.
Sherlock then looked up at him again, smiled a careful, polite smile.
About ten minutes later - Sherlock wasn’t sure because the dimension of time, in some strange way, seemed to have disappeared - he was lying on his back with one leg resting over John’s good shoulder, and the other drawn up as much as he could manage. And John - it was truly unbelievable - was kneeling in between his legs, with Sherlock’s dick in his mouth. And at the same time, he had his middle finger pushed into his hole, slowly fingering him.
Sherlock feels the first surge in his groin of the inevitable. Doesn’t want to come yet but this is too much to handle.
He runs his hand over her back, over her messy blonde hair. She’s crying less now, he can feel her tiny frame relaxing. Leans down, so that they’re face to face.
”I’m just going to, ah, excuse me-”
”Do shut up, Sherlock.” Caroline slaps him lightly on the arm.
John is bracing over him on both elbows, face buried in Sherlock’s sweat-slick neck, fucking into his hand as Sherlock keeps stroking.
”Sadie, get down,” said Sherlock, and John was equal parts amazed and annoyed with the softness in his voice. ”You can’t be here right now.”
”Yeah,” Gabe eventually replied. ”Yes I will. John, thank you, I guess.”
“Er, no. No, you're not, love,” he smiled, causing Sherlock to furrow his eyebrows in frustration.
”Oh my god,” he whispered. ”It this really happening, Sherlock? Am I really here with you and we are having sex, I’ve thought about this a million times-”
“This turns you on,” he said, his voice nothing but a smiling, teasing whisper.
Sherlock moaned loadly at this, and John could hardly believe it was real. He stared at the sight that was right in front of him. Sherlock's dick was filled so hard it was pressing down to his belly; pale, straight and perfectly proportioned to the rest of his body. His testicles were already drawn up tightly to his body, and the tip was glistening with pre-cum.
He turned to Sherlock, saw him sniggering slightly at John’s shocked reaction.
”You say that you love Sherlock, but look at your recent actions! He was in a bad state after you got married. You weren’t there to see it, but I was. And I was more worried for him than I’ve been in many years. But then, completely unexpectedly, Gabriel showed up again. And suddenly, things got better.”
Sometimes he thought that it was the years living with John that had ruined it for him. Made it impossible to go back to the one man island where he had been so comfortable before.
”Yeah,” John says. ”You’re right. I should probably talk to him. Prevent any… misunderstandings.”
John nodded, but he was very unsure of what to say next. Or rather, how to phrase it and how to find the courage to bring it up. Finally, he just decided to get it done. There would be no more elephants in the room this time.
”Although,” she added pointedly, ”you seem to have forgotten about that little fact.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looks up at him. ”John,” he says, softly. ”Thank you. I’m, erm. Glad that you’re here.”
“I doubt you'd pass a polygraph test with that statement,” he said, trying to keep a straight face but it just wasn't doable. He knew he was smiling.
He called for a car, tried to call Sherlock again, and then typed a new message.
”That’s ridiculous!” Sherlock said. ”Conjugate
He followed Sherlock with his gaze as he made his way towards the door to the flat. Sherlock opened it but didn't close it behind him. It occurred to John that this was a really thoughtful gesture on Sherlock's part, allowing John to hear the interaction.
”No. But I know I could have changed the outcome. If I had stayed, I would have figured it out; found a way to prevent them from getting to him. And then… Mr Trevor would have been able to live out his life as the good man he was, and Victor wouldn’t have been heartbroken. If I had stayed, I’m certain things would not have-”
John frantically dialed the familiar number. It went straight to voice mail. He hung up, dialed again, then remembered Sherlock would think it was Mary calling him.
Shortly after, two police officers stepped into the restaurant. After fifteen minutes of questions, and two signed statements, they all got up to leave. Outside the window, the snow was still coming down hard.
”John,” Sherlock whispered breathlessly, pressing his groin against him. ”Let’s go home.”
John kisses him, then begins to move against him again, hips undulating. Sherlock relaxes enough to allow himself to do the same. John’s breath is shaky, his hand’s gripping harder on Sherlock’s back as he speaks.
”I believe I was promised a cup of tea after this walk,” said John. ”And it’s raining more.”
So, instead, he just let his fingers make small circles around that soft little spot, before continuing to slide his hands further down. He indulged in the pleasure of watching Sherlock’s expression shift as he got closer to his cock. Sherlock’s breath hitched as John took it in his right hand, wrapped his fingers around it.
********************
- I said dinner. And you,
In an odd way, the times he’d spent with his sister in their tiny kitchen, chopping onions and boiling spaghetti, now made up some of his happiest childhood memories.
All the while, there was only one single thing on his mind, and that was Sherlock.
The group of researches were obviously waiting for him to leave. But John looked like he was about to say something.
”You? Need my advice?” She laughs. ”Ooh la la, now I get it. Who’s the lucky guy?”
But this was John, and John was obviously hurting a great deal. And Sherlock was the only other person there, so he had to say something.
”What??” John was staring at him, eyebrows furrowed.
There’s a knock on the door, just once, and then John comes into the room without waiting for a reply. Hears him stroll up to the bed.
Considers what to say. Realises it’s probably pointless to pretend to sleep, would only result in John trying to wake him up.
“Catch you later, John Watson.”
”Do you want me to wear a rubber anyway?” he asked, and Sherlock shook his head.
”As I said. It’s over,” said Gabriel with a sigh.
Well, logically, yes, although he hated to admit it. Sherlock did enjoy manipulating people and was very good at it. John had seen it first hand so many times.
* * *
. He feels him slowly, quietly disentangling himself from John’s legs, John’s arm around him.
”Just drive,’ he said. ”Just drive please.”
John was so happy to hear the usual mockery from Sherlock, it meant that he was in good form. He saw that the corners of his mouth were twitching, he was trying to hold back a smile.
By then, John was finally living in his own flat, conveniently located in between Mary’s new place and the hospital where his new job was at. It was Mike Stamford who’d pushed him to go to the interview. John had stubbornly refused at first, but now he was so grateful that Mike had kept on insisting.
”I believe we’re going in the same direction.” He takes off his glove, reaches out his hand. ”I’m John Watson, pleased to meet you.”
“Oh!” was Sherlock's first, startled reaction, and then it quickly turned into a repeated, almost whining, “ah, ah...” Sherlock was curling his upper leg firmly around John's waist, and he kept rocking his whole body slowly into John's.
Sherlock winces but John, being John, answers straightforwardly. ”Well, not unless you count the fine tradition of my dad getting absolutely pissed and passing out on the sofa at nine.”
At 3 o'clock he was thankful to get a call from a colleague at the clinic, who wanted to discuss the treatment of a particularly tricky patient. He withdrew into the study to take the call, and then stayed there, pretending to work but in reality only thinking about Sherlock and last night.
“John,” Sherlock whispered in his ear. “Do it.”
”I realise it might not appear that way, given, well, this-” he gestures towards his head - ”but I am fully capable of taking care of myself. And I know you love being the good samaritan, but really, John - there’s a point where consideration crosses into pity. And I think I made it very clear that I have no interest in being on the receiving end of that.”
If there are things that might be triggering for you, now is a good time to check the warnings at the beginning. xx
“He always, er, does that. Every Christmas since, I don’t know, long time ago. I didn't think it would be appropriate to say he couldn't-” his voice trickled off momentarily, “but if you prefer, I could call him back to say-”
”Fingers on the other hand? What about the fingers on this hand?” John interrupts, Sherlock can hear how pleased he is with his bad joke.
He shakes his head in a vain effort to rid himself of the ugly emotions welling up. Shifts in the sofa, lets go of John’s hand as he gestures in frustration.
As he lay dozing off, stretched out on the sofa, he kept seeing that little girl’s face before him. It had been a strange experience, the entire day, even though it had been so much better than expected. Come to think of it, maybe that was the strangest part of it all? The fact that he hadn’t minded more.
”Danny, hi, ta for pick’n up,” Sherlock says into the headset. John notices that the conversation is transmitted to a computer inside one of the cars, he steps a bit closer to be able to hear it.
The thought of losing John after having had him this close - losing him after knowing that this had been a real option - it was unbearable.
“Oh, where he always ends up after disasters like this – back home with Mummy. Probably already wrapped in blankets in front of the fire place and being force fed pudding. And tomorrow I'm sure Daddy will make him listen for hours on end to his latest plans for the kitchen garden. A fair punishment, I must say. An eye for an eye, and all that.”
John was shouting, not one inch away from the other man’s face now.
”You have abrasions on your knuckles, tell-tale sign of a boxer. There are also remnants of the adhesive from the zink oxide tape you’ve used for protection. I can see by the way you move that your shoulder is hurting more. Boxing probably isn’t the best choice of exercise given your shot wound; yet understandable in light of your thrill seeking disposition and previous combat training. So, boxing it is. I bet you’re quite good at it.” He faced John with an anticipative look in his eyes.
********************
John let his left hand travel from Sherlock’s shoulder, until it was resting on his collarbone. He moved the other to cup Sherlock’s jaw, fingers reaching behind his ear. His hands felt warm and steady. He spoke in a husky, low voice.
