The man's mind jumped all over the place. "My vocation?"
“I know it hasn’t been easy since-”
“Oh look, the lovers reunited. I hope you live happily ever after.” Meg mocked.
Just as he was about to swoop in and rescue his companion, a steely look entered his green eyes. "What's so wrong with searching for something better? Dreaming the impossible dream? Fighting the impossible foe? It's better than succumbing to hopelessness. Drowning yourself in hedonism and sitting still. At least I tried." He huffed out a breath as if to keep back tears and tore his eyes from his self proclaimed brother. "Come Sancho, we ride at dawn."
“What are you going to do to me?” Dean asks, looking at his hands instead of worrying about his worthiness. “What happens now?”
Sam and Jessica turned towards him, both blushing.
"Sam said to carve the thing that would scare away spirits into the pumpkins. I couldn't think of anything a ghost would find scarier than a Winchester."
Dean had gone as pale as a sheet and was clenching his fists and jaw. "That's the man that ordered the death of my father. That's Lucifer. The cops showed me his picture before the trial."
"Our messed up judicial system is why you spent six months in jail. And it does matter." Bobby said, setting his now half empty beer bottle down with a loud clunk. "It matters a great deal. Finish that paperwork and tomorrow you can go talk to someone about what to do next. In the meantime I am Sam's guardian and we can go on like this as long as we need to."
They decided to detour down a street so they could take a little longer. It was a mistake. When they came out the other side of the alley two men flanked them.
Cas decided to ignore this. Anna needed to keep her damned mouth shut.
On good days he believed this. On bad days he knew he was fooling himself. That he was wicked and broken and all the punishment his step family piled on him was the result of the terrible thoughts in his head. The ones he never let even see a dusty shaft of morning sunlight.
They went through the glass doors and Jimmy lead them to the stairwell. Dean groaned.
"Cas..." He rolls his name around his tongue. No one, not a single person, had ever given him a nickname before. Castiel shivers again, not entirely sure it's due to the cold. "I'm Dean."
"I've always wanted to come into this place. The Crowley's are such dicks," said the shortest of the three, his hair long and tucked behind his ears.
"What?"
“True. Dad says that he really wasn’t sure our plan would have worked without Sam being the bait.”
So Dean told them the story.. “Cas summoned the empty by being happy, I know that doesn’t seem..but it was the deal he struck with it. Once Cas was happy the empty would come for him. He made himself happy by telling me that he loved me.”
“I…don’t know.” Dean shook his head trying to dispel the uneasy feelings that had been haunting him all day. “You’re all dismissed.”
"I-I'm fine- it doesn't matter, Jo-"
Dean felt panicked slightly, stammering out. "I...I don't do anything." He knew how useless he was. He hunched his shoulders.
Dean smirked at her fondly and Cas found himself fidgeting as if his skin was too tight. Then he looked over and finally noticed him, his eyes went wide.
"Thanks. And, uh, Hi," Dean mumbles out. Memory returning more fully.
“You guess? What’s your favorite band?” Now he was curious.
"The idiot who is marrying my niece."
"I'm not going anywhere," Castiel said, matter of fact.
The Empty’s  lips curled into a smile of victory as Cas and Billie stood there before it. It's prey caught. But the smile soon faded to a frown as the loud hum rose in volume around them.
Dean's steward, Bobby, sat across from him, looking of all things amused. Castiel wasn't sure how to feel, but of all the emotions tumbling through her head, amusement wasn't actually one at the moment. Dread maybe, relief too strangely, excitement, fear, worry, anger...alright, perhaps a bit of amusement thinking about the look on her brothers dumb faces.
“Why did you call me here, Dean?”
"Hello, Dean," Was all he could come up with. Somehow it seemed to make Dean relax a tick. He breathed out and turned to jog over to grab the forgotten basketball. He passed it to Cas, who caught it, but barely. He was athletic enough, but he had never really gotten into the team sports. Still, he knew how to dribble a ball so he gave it a couple practice bounces.
“And why should he? He knows you won’t leave the comfort of the Herd,” and he knocks into Dean’s shoulder as he passed him. Dean watched the man storm off with a mix of unease and dislike.
Cas looked at the floor. “You are my family. And Dad says he’s back to stay, I’ll have time to...be around him later. Right now I need to be here with you.” Dean felt something loosen in his chest. “Oh, Dad said you and Bobby and Sam are invited to the lake house for Christmas Dinner.”
"Nope. We moved around a lot as kids and Dad didn't really make that one a priority."
“We were crazy Cas. It wasn’t-”
Dean laughed, sitting back into his seat, reluctantly letting go of the other man's hand. He wanted to kiss the man. He wanted to do everything, and well...everything with this man. For right now all he really wanted was to look at him, really look and share his pie. He knew it wasn't going to be that easy. A human and an angel. Heck him with another man was frightening enough. All he knew was that whatever the struggle it would be worth it.
"Castiel Novak!" The announcer called, and Dean sat up straighter in his seat, clutching his hands together nervously. It was as if he was following him up the stairs, he felt himself get tense and nervous. He saw that when Cas reached the top he swung his arms about stretched out his legs and bounced on his toes.
Dean swore at them, and continued his route to the large bay window where he stood looking out into the middle distance. Sam rolled his eyes and stood up from the gaming table, despite Charlie and Jo's protests that the game wasn't over, and joined his brother at the window.
They crouched outside the mouth of the cave, the night air tinged with the smell of sulfur and brimstone. Dean's arm dipped, the tip of the sword dragging towards the ground. Already the leaden thing was making his arm ache and he'd only been carrying it for an hour.
“I’m tired and I am not in a good mood.” The man stated, clearly in a bad mood. “So you Idgits can just cut the crap and give him to me now. He belongs to the us.”
By noon the news of the gas station attack was all over the local news. The police came through the Roadhouse to ask questions followed by a flood of journalists. They all plead innocent of any knowledge as they had all been here. But weren’t they all stunned, just stunned by the news.
One, he was insane. He didn't say much but when he talked he usually went on a rant about things that just didn't quite make sense. He talked of monsters; vampires, werewolves and demons. He seemed to not know anything about his past but was operating purely on instinct. He didn't trust the douchey Zachariah, but had no way of refuting his claims. So he operated on his reading of the man as deceitful and avoided him at all costs. Sancho gathered he had been playing a game of cat and mouse for awhile with Don Quixote in role of Mouse.
And he turned and left, nearly tripping on his bag and trying not to make a fool of himself by fumbling with the door.  He managed well enough, and made his way up the concrete steps, closing the handle to carry his bag up to the second floor.
Azazel had laughed, but only for a split second as the gun went off. Sam had tried to duck, but Azazel held him tight as if that would protect him from the perfect head-shot. The feeling of blood spattering hotly across his cheek and ear. The feel of the man going limp around him, dragging him to the floor.
"What do you see in me?" He asked.
"One musn't block hallways, young man," he said genially, but with a hint of mockery.
“Coming right up, I’ll even use the good gin, since its on Dean.”
They tried to talk, but after some starts and stops both of them decided to wait until they weren’t in a car. This conversation needed to be face to face.
"Oh," Cas said.
"You think he killed dad during the escape?"
"Nothing, can we go somewhere else?" Dean scanned the crowd with a keen eye, trying to see who she was afraid of, but her brothers had melted into the crowd. Castiel felt her chest constrict in worry that her brothers were stalking him.
"Can I help you?"
Cas brought a hand to Dean's cheek and they eased back into a kiss. Dean payed attention this time, to the softness of his lips next to his own. To Castiel's close shave compared to his two days hunt stubble. That he smelled of smoke and soap and herbs.
Dean nodded, “Are you alright?”
"Why don't you sleep? You really don't have to keep watch." He sat up looking as if he was now fully alert and ready to go.
The front door opened, and Abel walked in, followed directly on his heels was a short woman with long black hair.
"You okay?"
The man startled awake, looking up at him, in disbelief.
Of course he could be wrong, since the next thing Cas did was slide off him, wipe his perfectly red wet lips with the back of his hand, his dilated eyes piercing him despite the punch drunk look in his eyes, and say. "I want you inside me, Dean."
South Bend was larger town than Haven. It sported a whole bevvy of inns and taverns, the docks that butted up against the river were a particular hot spot. Cas decided he might have a better chance at a cheap inn that might exchange labor for a stay there.
"They will probably be here in a minute judging by the sound." The man said, his hand loosing the horses light mane. Dean extracted his death grip off the mans arms as he let him go. Dean took this as an invitation to dismount and did so, giving the horse a pat on the neck as he landed, none to steadily.
Dean broke first, gasping out as Cas changed position his hand flipping upside down to get a better grip. It was all Dean could do but hold onto to Castiel's dick while he came all over Castiel's hand with viscous thick white glory. Castiel came not far behind, apparently turned on enough just by the sight of him coming.
“I'm all the way inside you,” Castiel told him, maintaining eye contact. Dean couldn't twist around anymore so he closed his eyes and turned his face forward once more. They stayed like that for a few moments while Dean breathed to get used to the feeling of Cas inside him. Then Cas started to pull back and thrust forward slightly.
"You don't really like your brothers much do you?" Dean asked as he lit a match and held it under the paper bag.
"When did you see that?"  Sancho thought about telling him he saw just about everything, but settled on a white lie. "I got up early for a walk. They opened at 7:30."
Jo was walking towards them now, Jody at her heels, being her usual over protective self. The woman having practically adopted her after being promoted to the post. Joanna extended a hand to Charlie and their eyes locked.
Cas narrowed his eyes, not looking at the officious angel "By taking away their free will?"
Cas shrugged, but also gave him a little smile. "I'm just giving you a rundown of the area so you aren't caught by surprise. It's what I would tell anyone coming to swim here. This isn't some controlled environment like the pool."
Jo thought about this for a moment. "Seven...eight months ago? This used to just be a dive bar. We had locals and some loyal truckers...now it's a new crowd."
Major Singer frowned at that. “How does it work then? What kind of intel was on this thing?”
“Hail Knight of the Woeful Countenance!” Bobby suddenly shouted out. When no one joined him he glared.
“Go home, Castiel. You aren’t wanted here. Dean told me what you family did to him. He doesn’t need you anymore.”
He knew for certain now that Abel was the local gigolo and had also figured out that Meg was the one pimping him out. That relationship had another component he couldn't quite identify, whatever it was it was sordid and perhaps dangerous. He suspected drugs but he never could figure out what kind.
Bobby and Sam exchanged looks, but Bobby hurried from the room without argument, motioning Garth and Rufus to follow him.
The lyft driver was casually ignoring him, which was fine with him. He was out of small talk for the day.
Dean scrambled to his feet and stood back from him, rubbing his neck and breathing hard.
“Oh, come on,” he grumbled.
She couldn't help that her heart leapt in her chest and that her breath quickened, just the sight of that beautiful face and those sparkling green eyes that instantly connected with hers. He drifted towards her and she to him. Castiel felt like her feet moved of their own volition. Perhaps these silly glass slippers were enchanted.
His eyes looked out into the distance over her shoulder for a long moment. Then he nodded to himself.
Dean relaxed, “If you say so Sancho.”
“Enjoy your stay!” He called out after them as Dean grabbed his hand to pull him out of the office. Up the stairs once more and Dean opened his door again.
Cas hadn’t bothered with underwear after his shower so suddenly there were warm fingers touching the bare skin if his cock.
Jack tilted his head, concentrating. “I told you Dean, I can’t interfere. It’s too easy to start to try putting everything right and then I won’t stop. This power is too great. I will be there to lend you strength. But this task is too much for me to magic away. Besides, I think he will be okay..”  And he turned again towards the sun and became brighter and brighter until he was gone.
Agent Novak and Agent Singer square off in the courtyard of the hotel while Dean sits himself down wearily on the fountain edge, having been shuffled out of the ballroom by the clean-up crew.
“Right, well. I’ll get over Jo tomorrow,” and he heaved himself to his feet and shuffled inside, Chuck materializing at his heels as he ducked inside the little town house.
"Hello, Dean."
“I-I don’t.” Cas whispered. It was still night, he hadn’t been out for long. Dean lay on his side shirtless and perfect.
Sancho felt himself groan inwardly as he saw the bright mad look in Don Quixote’s eyes that always signaled trouble.
"Dean-" Sam started to protest, looking at his brother with increasing worry.
He twirled around to find Jimmy Novak staring at him with a little smirk on his face. He slid his offensive hand of the other man’s grinning idiotically. “And you aren’t Chuck,” he observed.
Gadreel stepped forward flanking her from the other side. She suddenly realized she was effectively surrounded. "I mean really, this lace is discolored and obviously twenty years out of fashion, Gadreel sneered, grabbing her collar and pulling viciously, the hastily made stitches tearing away easily. Castiel tried to step back, but Bartholomew was grabbing at her skirts. "And these silks are wrinkled beyond any I've ever seen. That too was pulled from the seams. Gabe then grabbed at her necklace, the pearls flying in every direction as the string broke. Then they grabbed her sleeves and bodice.
She told him, miserably.
"Well met, sir." he said sketching a bow. "I'll take good care of Baby." Even remembering what he called his mount. Impressive. Dean smirked at the boy and tossed him a couple coppers.
Dean exchanged a look with Sam, who looked as ready to burst out laughing as the ladies had. Trying not to feel put upon he ushered the small group forward further into the castle.
They all left the kitchen, Donna bearing the s’mores tray and Jodi holding their beers. The girls had all moved to start a fire in the fire pit, and Alex had come home from her shift at the Hospital. Donna set out the tray by the girls and her and Jodi pulled him a little away from the group.
"Good blacksmith! How goes the shoeing or our steed?" Don Quixote intoned with a boisterous tone as they entered.
"Would you have come otherwise?"
“Well, your jokes,” Dean corrected him, with a sideways glance. His jokes were awesome.
Dean looked away from her earnest face, swallowing the feelings that threatened to overwhelm him.
"Oh. Yes. Yeah. That's, uh, great," Dean chattered out, grabbing the fork next to the warm plate into his hand to give him something to hold onto. His mind reeling.
Sam realized he was probably about to die.
“Oh my god! I knew this girl. She was an engineer,” Dean felt his insides twist into a knot. Oh right, they did have to bring up every sore subject. “She ran track, and was a gymnast too.”
It rang and rang. No answer. Was she doing this on purpose? He tried again. Just when he thought it would go to the machine, she answered.
"Can you not treat me like some maiden from a fairy tale?"
“Uh, nothing.”His voice an octave too high and cracking. “Nothing at all. I was just. Nevermind…” quickly trying not to trip on his own feet as he scuttled down the aisle. Halfway down he stopped, hearing the creatures footsteps behind him. The vampire stops too.
The announcer came over the speakers with the score. It then flashed across the reader board.
Don Quixote laughed, "and what pray tell does your Mimosa have in it?"
Sam looked at him like he did when he was sure Dean was lying. Which he was, but there was no way in hell he was going to betray Castiel to him. Not now. The man had been positively terrified his step family would catch him out here, and he wasn't going to let any rumors start from a loose tongue. It may only be his future wife that heard, but he wasn't taking chances.
As she descended she scanned to crowd, most still watched with curious looks trying to figure out who she was. Truly the gown Crowley had given her was a work of art. Tiny jewels set in the fabric sparkling as she moved. Her eyes fell on him as if he were the only one there. He stood near a tall regal looking man up on the dais, who was surely the King. His clothes were finer than anything Castiel had ever seen.
"He may have been a stellar student in Middle School Dean, but I'm afraid your brothers grades...haven't been up to par since coming to our establishment." She plucked a document off the desk, as if she had had it ready for their meeting. She didn't even pretend to look it up. She handed it to him. It was Sam's first semester report card.
His green eyes, already dilated went almost completely black. "I have oil..." he moaned out.
“Bobby’s.” Sam said.
Dam looked away, nodding. "Cool. Umm, good luck with the swim lessons," and he patted him on the back awkwardly and walked away.
“Gabriel led us back to heaven. Jack was there,” Cas smiled fondly about his son. “He’s made some changes. I helped him for a bit, to break down the walls of heaven. With full hosts of angels, heaven is burning brighter than ever.”
"I won't have a nancy boy as a son. Do you hear me? Breakfast better be on the table first thing. I don't care if you got no sleep."
It was stupid of them to be wrestling on an unfamiliar dock in the middle of nowhere. Any idiot could have told him that. It was stupid to let his brother, all six feet four inches of him, stomp all over rotting boards in the dark along the edge of a too full river in the middle of January. But after months apart they were too busy trying to reconnect to see their error.
Castiel stood at the side of the stage looking out onto the crowd. The next act started their show.
“Okay, but what really happened?” Jo asked, looking annoyed.
“That’s… you know what. It doesn’t matter. What matters is, I am sorry. I am sorry I ever thought those things let alone said them. I am sorry for not being the father I should have been to you.”
"Yeah, you go ahead."
"More like Cinder-ass, look at the state on his trousers," Gadreel's voice joined Bartholomew's, with a vicious chuckle.
Jimmy clenched his hands on the steering wheel till his knuckles went white. Mixed emotions warring across his face.
“That damned card programmer.” She finally gave him some sympathy. “Fine, i’ll give him one on the house. Thanks for the heads up.”
Castiel stopped, and Dean caught up to him. "Nevermind, it doesn't matter. That isn't what I care about. I just wanted to see you again."
Castiel was glad he wasn't expected to sing, as he didn't think a sound would have passed his lips under the lights. But as the music came to the tune, he opened his lips and a woman's voice sang out.
Dean, he was certain that was his real name after all, slumped over the wheel unconscious, blood dripping from his forehead. Sancho (Cas? Gabe had called him) seemed fine, despite having taken the brunt of the impact. He looked at the carnage around him and without thinking about why placed a finger on Dean's forehead. The bleeding stopped instantly and he woke with a start. Cas wasn't sure what he had done, but he didn't care. Dean was alive.
“I’m fixing it up.”
Four, Sancho Panza, whoever he really was, was completely, irrationally and helplessly in love with him. He wasn't sure he believed the mans words but he believed in the man and would follow him to the ends of the earth. He understood that he could not compete with the Dulcinea of his mind but he would stand by him and protect him from the Zachariah's of the world at all costs.
Castiel heard the basketball hitting the concrete long before he rounded the corner. The road had been a bit longer than he had anticipated, and he was sweating by the time he came to the junkyards entrance. The battered sign above the open gate read "Singer's Salvage", the paint flaking with rust showing through.
Dean stared down at the papers in front of him, they seemed to retract and then come into focus at intervals. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. More red tape. He tried to let out his pent up breath, but ended up burping loudly. He grabbed up his beer bottle, one of about six on the table, and found it empty.
seemed hot or cold and alcohol had no affect. He decided not to worry about it. These things were out of his control and he wasn't going to burden Don Quixote's already troubled mind with more troubles.
If he really spent time examining everything in detail it was all wrong. He closed his eyes and imagined himself in the gown of pale blue silk in the peddlers wagon, the fine lace and pearls sewn into bodice, a dark blue shawl around his too big shoulders to offset it and bring out his eyes. He held the image in his mind then opened his eyes to the truth that the mirror showed him, and sighed.
Then he stopped, dropped his hands from his face, though he grabbed up Dean’s hands in the same motion.
“I’m Chuck,” Chuck says intervening on his behalf holding out his hand. The man stares at his hand as if he isn’t sure what he is supposed to do with it till Chuck drops it to his side again. “This is Dean Winchester. He’s the best Nerd Herder we have here.” Shut up Chuck!
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, like he always did.
"If she'll have me," Sam said, eyes still on the door she had exited.
They found Jo, along with other girls stolen from the villages, alive locked in a dingy cell, worse for wear, but alive. Garth sent for more help and they made getting them out their first priority.
He waited listening as she started in on Sam for giving false information. Chuckling, Castiel turned around to find a naked Dean Winchester standing in the archway to the bathroom, hand on his erection.
"That isn't- I just don't sleep."
"Ahhh. Name's Crowley. Tailor and dress expert. I provide dresses for some of the ladies here, and know a discerning customer when I see one. Your clothes seem particularly fine and I wanted to make sure you got a glimpse of what I could provide, were you in the market for ladies attire. I make them in all sizes."
“They found a picture of Lucifer and Meg in his wallet. It was used for evidence, I saw it several times during the trial.
"I need to go Cas..." Dean said after an awkward moment. Cas nodded, looking defeated. But he stepped out of the way.
White light erupted in Castiel's vision and everything faded away.
Anna looked bemused, but then her face got serious and she nodded in understanding. "Yeah, I guess after your Dad..."
Cas frowned, uncertain.
Dean nods and lowers himself to the floor wrapping the blanket around his knees. Not wanting to poke the bear. Cas looks like he could murder someone. The fire is surprisingly warm, but not really warm enough to heat the whole room. He desperately wants the man to come back over so they can share warmth again.
Castiel ducked her head. "It doesn't matter where I'm from. I'm here now."
Jessica nodded, laying down a playing card in front of her. "Seriously, Dean, you are wearing a path in the hardwood."
Dean stared back, his mouth working as he tried to think of something to say.
Dean’s smile turned into a toothy grin. “My squire,” he said fondly. Then he lay back down, put an arm around him and fell promptly back to sleep.
Castiel nodded all around, "Nice to see you again, Sam."
Gabe laughed. "Sometimes I forget how funny you are, brother." And he slapped him across the back, making him spill a bit of his hot tea. With that his brother bid him to get some sleep and left him there alone. Despite his exhaustion it took him a good long time to fall asleep. A pair of bright green eyes haunting his dreams.
“Um, D.C.” Jimmy said, finding a lie quickly. It was sort of true after all. “After I realized that all of my…friends were his friends and that everything reminded me of An-” almost saying her name, he smoothly changed it.  “Anais. I needed a change. A big one.” Sorry Anais, he thought wryly.
It was a tearful reunion. Eileen had been frantically trying to find her phone, worried something had happened to Sam. Sam, not as adept at signing as Eileen tried with fumbling and stumbling words to explain what all had happened.
There was no use asking more questions, she would not answer them. He packed up his homework and they left the library going out into the bright winter day. There was a chill in the air, but the sky was clear and the sun was intense.
Dean grunted, and looked back down. Cas was squinting up at him, his head tilted as if he was trying to hear his thoughts. He patted the spot next him. "Sit."
"Why? it's one in the morning!" Bobby asked
Lucifer smirked and stepped up to his nephew. "You think you have me Michael?"
Gabe came into view around the path, “There’s where you are hiding?”
Charlie nodded at him and his dawning of comprehension writ large all over his face. "I will be your wife. I will even bear you an heir if that is required. As long as your sister and I can be together. And I promise I will take you to Excaliber so we can defeat the dragons." She was pleading with him now, "You're my only hope'"
“A little call came down the wire about a mass shooting a gas station, funny I should find my dear mad uncle not ten miles away fleeing the scene. How devastated Jess will be when I tell her of your attempt to escape justice and subsequent death. Killed by your own madness.”
Looking at the time he decided to go wait in the cafeteria for lunch. He would see if he could talk to his brother over lunch then head home. Maybe Bobby would have a job for him this afternoon if he was lucky. If not he would have to go out and apply for more jobs. But who was going to hire a 19 year old high school drop out with a history of being incarcerated?
As if he wasn't enough of a girl, now he had fallen in love with a man...
"We should add real wood to that if we want any heat," Cas said after a while. Dean moved to grab the wood box. It too was stacked with newly added kindling and neatly chopped logs of birch. They both set about putting logs and sticks carefully over the burning fake log, seeming to bump into each other on accident. Both knowing they weren't doing it on accident.
Jimmy narrowed his eyes at him and Dean actually thought he might possibly kill him with a look.
“Sam,” Dean huffs out. “Would you believe that I didn’t know?”  He leaned his head on the cold tile and laughs “I mean. I knew we shared a “profound bond” or whatever.” He couldn’t help using air quotes like Cas. “I just thought. This is a powerful creature. This angel makes me feel this way because he is literally a beam of celestial intent. And yes he seems to be connected to me but… how could an angel love a human?  It breaks them right?  Cas could never…” he trailed off, staring off at nothing for a moment. “So I buried it. I am so good at that, you know? Bury my feelings till they are gone. Look what I did to Lisa and Ben?...”
Dean tried to talk, but found breathing was a bit difficult after having his chest compressed. So he coughed and swallowed a few times before managing a strangled assent after a few failed attempts.
Cas, slowed to a stop, Dean looked up just in time for her to kiss him. Soundly. Then Castiel walked forward again and Dean held on for dear life. Heaven help him this Castiel was something else.
Gabe exchanged a look with Sam, “I told you they were making out somewhere.”
"Worried they'll be waiting for you?" Dean asked.
Cas wiped more water from his hair, shivering a little in the frigid air as he settled himself on the wooden planks. The slight breeze making him truly regret his decisions. He tried to speak, to explain how he had come to be where he was, but it came out as a shocking sob and his body wracked with shivers. Gabriel's face changed to one of concern and he stepped forward, swinging the tan coat around Castiel's shoulders.
“Oh yeah, Chuck met her online-”Sam made a face and Dean relented. “I’m totally kidding.”
“Donna! Thank god!” Dean said. Sam blanched and took out his phone and Eileen’s broken cell.
He also knew that the only way to kill this creature was to cut off his head. He could be slowed down if injected with dead man’s blood and they usually lived in hives. One could become a vampire if you ingested vampire blood and fed on human blood thereafter. Vampires were extremely strong and fast and shouldn’t be approached alone.
In fact by the time he got home he had kind of forgotten about the incident.
He turned his head, stared into Cas's eyes and licked his lips. Cas leaned forward and kissed his bedraggled knight. Dean's eyes went wide, half his face shadowed. Cas lifted a hand to his shoulder to keep him from pulling away and deepened the kiss, closing his eyes.
The man’s delusions had deepened in the night it seemed. Alas, Sancho had made his bed, he had to lie in it. He was stuck. Besides friendless and without memory of anything before yesterday what else did he have to do?
"He's really alright, Bobby?" Sam stills his progress down the stairs as he hears these words coming from Dean in the Kitchen.
Dean carried his bag easily up the stairs and went to his stubborn door.
He put his book away in his hiding spot behind sacks of beans on a shelf near the larder door, next to other leather bound books he had managed to steal from the library before the rest had been sold off piece by piece. He then marched his stiff legs outside into the gray predawn light that filled up their tiny courtyard.
A man with a red beard and a fed suit comes running at them gun pointed at Jimmy.
He glanced down at his phone to check their progress, he was surprised that they were only a couple minutes away. He would be in bed in no time.
“Uh, I’m a little busy at the moment, Chuck.”
"You're hurt!" Dean protested
"Uh...actually," Dean started, then gave Cas a once over with his eyes, "how did you save me?"
There stepping out of the carriage was Castiel, her hair loose around her shoulders, like she had been that night in his bed, her dress was a simple affair, but looked like it was perfectly tailored to her. She happened to look up and their eyes met across the distance. Time stood still and a radiant smile broke out across both their faces at the same time.
"Can one of you call my uncle? He's probably searching the sides of the river for me."
Just then the man with the mullet and the AC/DC t-shirt (sleeves cut off of course) plopped down in the seat next to them.
Since roosters were on his mind, he decided to start his chores with the hen house. The hens clucked at him irritably as he entered, not at all happy with the intrusion. He found a good haul from them, better than any this week, and was whistling when he left the fenced area.
“I think I’m gonna go get a new lock at Large Mart. I’ll be back by opening.”
Castiel got to his feet, scanning up stream as he quickly peeled off his coat and sweater in one smooth motion. Kicking off his baggy jeans, thankful he was just in his socks already. His skin tightened into gooseflesh. It was well below freezing tonight. He scanned the water, and caught the sight of something splashing and flailing in the weak light provided by the ancient light, scarcely affixed to a pole on the end of the dock. It was now or never for the poor bastard, and the sooner he got to him, the sooner he could be out of the frigid water. Still he knew that the river was mountain runoff and would be ice cold. This could kill him from shock. He didn't let himself hesitate.
“Thanks,” he said, just as another voice called out “Hey!” from behind him. Cas turned to find Dean coming in from a side door.
Dean shrugged swinging his legs off the couch as Cas unfolded himself and did the same.
Castiel took in a deep breath. “Mostly. I still have a spot of grace left. But not much.”
They decided to take another swim in the river. Not the least of reasons to rinse off. When they returned the fire had burned low and the room was cozy warm. Worn out though still slightly nervous around each other, they managed to fall asleep tangled on the couch as they watched the dying embers.
It was like nothing he had ever felt. His hot hard living cock sliding in and out. Dean made a sound of pleasure that turned into a long groan as Castiel picked up the pace of his thrusts.
Dean spent the next few days compiling all they knew about the Empty. Asking Jack questions and asking Sam for options. Nothing comes of it.
“So,” Sam said once they got to this random secluded place. Ruby leaned up against the trunk. “What’s so significant about an old oak tree?” And he placed his hand on the tree above her shoulder and leaned over her.
"As I looked over the castle wall..." The singer began and he sang along.
"Can I ask what happened?" Cas asks, looking up and leaned forward so intent and intense.
Dean feels the adrenaline kick in. “How did you-”
He had watched, helpless as the family heirlooms and assets had all been sold off. All the servants, some from generations of household employees, had all been summarily dismissed. Even the livestock had been cut back to the bare minimum. With each open position the work had all befallen on Castiel.
Gabe looked thoughtful. "I don't know. I..."
...They had been kissing. His sister and his soon to be bride. He thought that perhaps he should be angry. Then he was kind of angry. He balled up his fists at his side, letting the anger suffuse him. This wasn't acceptable, he had to break this up now before it tore everything he had worked for apart. He turned around and headed back towards his chambers trying to build up a fury.
Instead of be baited he stood his ground, "if you must know I'm getting swim lessons."
He went to the phone on his bedside table and dialed the number.
"Alfie, clean up the broken glass, there. My lady, can you accompany me to the palace?"
They set the trap.
The place was a bustle with activity, much busier than the night last week. He saw that there was a small crowd of women around the side of the stage. And there among them he caught a glimpse of Castiel as he disappeared behind the curtain with the others.
~~~~~
It was a long drive. Dean had made Cas text everyone to let them know that he was okay and where they were going. Sam, Jodi, Donna, and later even Garth and Bobby tried to call, but Cas refused to answer the phone and Dean didn’t push him.
“In a good way? Details!”
Cas looked ashamed. “For a moment.”
Not wanting to be caught unawares he decided to be the one to initiate contact. Some things were worse when avoided.
Dean’s whole body went still. Cas couldn’t see the expression on his face, but for some reason he could tell something was wrong. He glanced at Sam who also looked concerned.
"Adventure too, old friend," The man grinned maniacally and stepped on the gas. The impala lept forward like a steed and began it's rapid progress across the wasteland once more.
“Friends of yours?”
Cas tried to heal Dean and wake him, but while his minor hurts disappeared he refused to wake up. “Let’s take him back to his room-” Cas started to say, picking Dean up like he weighed nothing.
Dean stepped forward studying the man intently. "How do I find you again?"
The song came to an end and he found himself covered in sweat and breathless as if he had sung his heart out instead of lip syncing.
Cas led Dean down a hall into Dean’s bedroom, shutting the door behind them. “Thank you for helping me with my speech Dean.”
He was glad not to attract much notice, and wondered if the man had just thought him a woman. This made him stand a little straighter as he led Grace further into the town. He walked past the first few taverns as they were full to the brim with sailors, music and light already pouring out into the street.
"Who told you such lies? Anyone who looked in your eyes would know you are more than that. Besides, every cinder has a spark of flame inside."
"You ready, angel?"
She actually jumped at the sound of his voice, her hair twirling as she swung around.
When he gets out of the shower and dressed in the clothes Jess chose, Sam is waiting for him with a bouquet of flowers. “They’re leftover from the Party. And don’t forget, no talk about ex-partners.”
Jo snorted. "Hardly. Don't get me wrong, Abe isn't nothing to look at, but he's like a brother I could never..." she shuddered unpleasantly.
“My brothers always say I leave the ladies speechless. I wonder if the same can be said of the men in my life?”
"First day," Cas explained with a shrug.
"Is it not allowed?"
So he watched the sun come up over the horizon and hoped it wasn’t his last as a free man.
"Yours more than makes up for it," Cas told him.
Castiel seemed to realize the same thing, and pulled away breaking the kiss. "I don't- I mean, I don't have to wear a dress. I just-"
"You've seen one before?" Dean asked.
“Jimmy…” Dean whimpers.
“Fine. Castiel, what do you want to know. I do not know where Lucifer is…exactly.” Michael hedged, still eyeing Dean as if he didn’t want him there at all. Which Castiel supposed, he didn’t.
“Tell me when to turn,” Jimmy growls, teeth bared.
Dean was not about to tell Cas that he had never been fucked in the ass before. Not by a person anyway..
“Thank you for all your help, um, i didn’t ask your name.”
"Little help?" Dean called out as he gently closed the Impala door, giving his baby a once over with his eyes in her spot in the truly massive underground garage. He heard a muffled acknowledgement from somewhere in the labyrinthine halls of the bunker. However, his brother's hustle was no match for the newly re-winged angel who appeared beside him with an expectant expression.
Dean, blood surging with adrenaline followed, holding out a hand for Castiel, only to find she was gone. He stopped and turned a circle trying to see her blue gown in the crowd of people in the garden.
"Oh, I- um. Anna just said you were a little stiff. Proper."
"Look Bobby,” the arguing was valuable, but he was also tired of talking about this. He had made his decision already.
"See I told you they'd join us!" Meg said when she saw them, hitting Abel in the arm. "Welcome, boys. Care to enter the race? It's a fifty dollar entrance fee. Winner takes the pot."
“Let me see,” Cas said, and took his arm in one hand, and dragged him to the shop sink. He turned on the flow and trust it under the cool water.
Charlie's eyes widened in fear. "Why wouldn't our alliance work out my lord?"
"I'm your counselor Dean, you may call me Naomi." It was Dean's turn for a tight smile. He nodded as he sat in the chair she indicated, in front of her desk.
Now he moved walking calmly to meet his ride.
After what seemed like forever, and not enough time, Cas pulled away and Dean involuntarily moaned out at the loss of sensation. The sound of Cas opening  the bottle of lube was followed by the feeling of cool slick liquid pour onto him.
"Oh, right," Castiel said, his eyes skittering away from the man as he pulled the blanket around himself.
"Right.” Dean looked torn, then he made a decision, “Mind if I drink?" Dean asked.
Dean groaned out, “add another.” He wanted him to fill him up. Cas acquiesced, adding a third finger and increasing the pace, he leaned into him. Cas leaned down and bit his ass cheek, not too hard but enough to make him clench around his fingers, maintaining the rhythm all the while. This distraction made Dean let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding and he returned to relaxing, opening.
"I suppose you want me to cover your ass?"
Tilting his head up, Jimmy makes a face like he can’t think of one.
Dean tried to lead the tour but by the third room, Joanna had completely taken over the narrative. She actually knew more of the history of each room, down to where every chair, rug and footstool hailed from. Somehow her litany did nothing to bore Charlie who kept asking questions as if she were tucking each bit of knowledge away for later use. He supposed if they did marry, those details might be crucial information, but he failed to see how they were interesting. Sometimes women’s fascinations confused him greatly.
He didn't realize he'd said the name out loud until the man started to chuckle. "The one and only." And he turned into the light, arm's wide as if it were a magic trick. Now he could see his features. Now he knew the face of the devil himself.
She raised her eyebrows seductively and practically skipped away, dark hair swinging behind her. Sam pulled at his pocket trying to situate the growing problem in his pants that he couldn't seem to control around the girl. At least he had his books to hide behind.
And a shout.
“Your friend?” Sam asked, confused.
The singer then ran on stage and whispered down to the house bards and then ran back, giving them a nod and darting once more behind the curtain.
"How big is your family?" Dean asked as Castiel opened the door.
They pulled up, tires crunching in the dirt just as the car seemed to clunk to a stop, tank completely empty. Sancho frowned calculating the odds that they would find a gas station just as the tank ran out, but Don Quixote just grinned. "I guess God supports the righteous." He said, eyes a little wild. "See if they have any pie." He tossed Sancho a wad of cash which he caught deftly.
Castiel shot Gabe a look of pure venom.
So naturally he had run away. Nothing he wanted ever turned out. Everyone he had loved had been cruelly taken from him, he wouldn't let a similar fate come to this man. So he had run away before it got any worse. Before he got himself attached.
Below her the carriage with the peddlers horses was waiting as promised.
"Yeah, right. Do you want a ride to the church?"
“Who the hell are you?”
"Okay, then I really need a better job to stabilize our household. All I need is your signature on the classes." He held out the folded up and crinkled paper he had been keeping in his back pocket. She took it from him, but not without putting her nose in the air at it.
“Let’s go get some sleep,” Dean offered.
“You finally told that idiot you loved him with your dying breath?” Gabriel guessed, looking annoyed.
“No you’re not.” Agent Singer actually grabs him by the arm to pull him away.
She cried until she felt like she had cried enough to overflow the fountain. Her body becoming chill in the night air.
"What?" Dean startled. "Oh. No, this is perfect. This is..." those were not tears in his eyes. This was getting to be ridiculous. He breathed out, trying to dispel the water in his eyes. "This is exactly what I needed." He took another shuddering breath and locked eyes with his angel. "Thank you Cas."
"The registry lists a third child. A Castiel. Is this not your daughter?"
"If it isn't Sancho!" Came the overly enthusiastic voice of Gabe.
"Need a ride?"
Castiel turned to look at his erstwhile companion, who looked like a deer in the headlights.
"Really?"
And his knight rolled up his flannel sleeves and grabbed the nearest wrench to start working.
The roadhouse was the epitome of a dive bar. Weathered wood slatted building and neon beer signs lighting the way the Roadhouse rising above the building in faded letters. The interior was dark and the door creaked on its hinges as they entered.
Anna felt her chest tighten. Surely he wasn't going to make her go home.
The man didn't hesitate, holding out a hand to help him up. He was strong, as Dean gripped his forearm he felt catapulted up onto the back of the horse in front of the man.
Sighing, he slung the bag over his shoulder and walked out of the locker and out into the school parking lot. He was almost halfway across to the bus stop when he spotted the black '67 Chevy Impala. Dean was leaned up against it, smoking a cigarette and staring over at the entrance of the school. He was alone.
"What can we do for you?" Sancho asked the man.
"I follow where he goes, my lady."
Dean stepped forward and Zach swaggered and smirked as he closed the distance. They stood toe to toe, Zach towering over Dean, his badge glinting in the sun. Then Zach lifted a hand and touched him lightly on the forehead.
“Oh, yeah i was just gonna grab the key,” Dean told him.
"So who hurt you?" He asked, almost sounding bored.
Ash nodded sagely at him with a wistful look on his face, “Rock on dude.”
"Find her. I have to see what Charlie has for us, but find Castiel. Do you hear me?"
Dean found Charlie's hand over his mouth. "You saw?"
Cas felt a hearty slap on her back. "It's a little crispy on top, but that never stopped me before. Sam grab the plates."  Cas didn't look up, too mortified by her failure.
The pie could wait.
“Sure, it’s not our problem why should we fix it,” she mumbles sarcastically under her breath.
"Hello," Cas said, straightening from his crouch and standing so straight and still you'd have thought he was standing at attention like a soldier. "How are you Bobby?"
The trenchcoated agent was pulling Dean behind him by the arm. Bobby, the last man standing in this ill fated mission, followed them into the parking lot. He finally caught a good look at the man. Jimmy Novak. Of course. Jimmy, looked back at him and made eye contact. If looks could kill indeed.
He felt like he was being slapped in the face as he recognized the man before him. He had a smug self satisfied expression on his face, even in portrait form.
"Listen, boy. Life isn't about much more than family, as far as I can see. When your father started leaving you boys here with me, you became that. I'm not going to sit back and give you nothing. So, like I said. This here, is a present." He then nodded to the modern looking car sitting next to it, "That is the job we need to finish tonight. Just needs some new breaks and a tune up. I'll pay you a decent hourly."
He needn't have worried though, Castiel and Dean were too far into each other to take notice of him.
“Goodbye, Dean.” He repeated to himself.
Jimmy doesn’t answer, just puts the car into reverse and guns it out of the space. When they get out of the space they are being confronted with a large black van. Instead of honking or waiting, Jimmy just keeps backing up and out of the parking lot while the van ominously follows them.
"Where are you headed, stranger?" The beautiful man asked.
"That's all I ask sir. That's really all I ask." He slapped a hand down on the table and stood up with a slight bow. "Enjoy your evening, and if you do wish for my services in the future look for my wagons at the market."  With that he left. Dean shook his head, but the music had swelled again and it was time for a new singer to come on stage.
"Wait, what?"
“You might be the sexiest thing i have ever seen. I have never in my life seen anyone make my aunt speechless.” Dean said, stroking himself.
"No doubt," The man said, his mouth twisting into a smirk. "Now are you just going to lay there or can we get on with it?" he gestured towards his wagon.
The second it took to stab the man was enough for another to come in and knock Dean away. Dean staggered sideways, but managed to pull the knife from the dead man and slash it across the new assailant. It obviously hurt the man, but it didn't stop him and he menaced Dean as the other man flanked him. Castiel thought it was high time he too did something and stepped into the fray, raising the blade high and stabbing the last man in the back. There was a noise and flashes of light from the inside of the man then he went limp and fell to the ground. He looked over and saw Dean trapped under the other man who he had stabbed at the same time.
The door opened and Deana slunk in the door. She stopped when they were both just staring at her.  "Do I have something on my face?" She asked them. "God it smells good in here." She stalked forward towards them. Cas buried her head again. "Is that pie?" She asked hopefully.
"Who's that?"
“I wish we had just gotten out of dodge while we could have. Now we’re trapped here,” Sam muttered at Dean.
and the man had said with reckless abandon, "Why? Because they might be giants."
Castiel wasn’t sure if he remembered ever feeling wet sand that slid beneath feet, or the feeling of cold slat water and sea foam lapping against his feet and ankles, abrasive sand beneath his toes. The feel of a rough warm hand in his was even less familiar, and more distracting.
It was Dean’s turn to sigh and look down. "I'm sorry I had to ask you to come back from the University. I didn't want to."
They stood there not looking at each other directly for another thirty seconds (it might as well have been a lifetime).
“Let him have his moment of triumph.” Gabe suggested. “It’s all he’s been searching for right?”
Cas looked at him like he was nuts. "Why would I do that? Fear of the water isn't something to scoff at. And you almost drown less than six months ago." Cas then sat on the edge of the dock and dangled his feet into the slow moving water. "What kind of monster would throw someone in the water who didn't know how to swim?"
Castiel was pulling water from the fountain for the mornings washing, when she heard footsteps behind her. It was Crowley.
"Yes of course, but he's also...different. I think he just grew up while I was away. I'm trying to give him his space-"
He rocked back on his heels and closed his eyes. It was an old pain, one he tried not to revisit, but sometimes he couldn't help poking at the past. If only his father has lived, and his mother had not been forced to remarry maybe his life would be more bearable. He never could figure out why his step family hated him so much.  Why didn't they like him? He followed orders and tried to be unobtrusive. He wanted to be a good son, in memory of his parents, and even to his step-father.
“Well, we can’t stay here, Dean!”
The man of the trench coat had now been studying his companion for a few hours and had come to several conclusions.
The music fell into a familiar tune and she started to sing. Except she wasn't really singing he thought, as she was obviously actually a he.
He made to turn the key once more then slumped back into his seat. Defeated.
“Which way, Dean?” Jimmy commands. Dean notices how bad ass he looked when he was in command. He quashed the feeling, it wasn’t exactly the time or place.
Anna wasn't a stranger to desire. It wasn't her first time around the block so to speak, but this was the first time in her life when she could say she finally understood word melt in response to desire for someone. Her knees felt weak and she felt like she was turning into a puddle of desire.
Dean felt like he was missing something, but decided he didn't have time to decipher cryptic comments.
Michael sat behind his father’s desk, as usual. Castiel pushed the door open and walked up to him without preamble. Dean at his heels.
unhindered by clouds, baking the land below.
Chuck just shook his head at his best friend in bewilderment. The poor English major was a little lost when it came to video games. He reserved his nerdiness to book and movie trivia. The guy spoke Elvish for fuck’s sake.
Cas frowned. Lights flashed in the window, followed by revving engines and shouts. Both men turned to the sound seeing that several
Dean’s phone went off, screaming out Journey. He lifted the phone to his ear shakily. Jimmy and Singer both glare at him then back to the laptop in dismissal, still arguing over whether the bomb was even a threat anymore. Dean looked at the caller, it was Chuck. He didn’t have it in him to dismiss a call from his best friend.
Pulling off his black mask Jimmy banged his hands on the steering wheel in frustration. “Damn it.” He curses, and then starts the engine peeling out in his hurry to get away.
Dean had been so insulted he had sulked all the next day and hadn't gone to the garage to work on baby.
“Now…let’s see.” He bent back over the keyboard, not even bothering to sit.
He came out of the dingy little hallway and back into the all but empty diner, spotting the back of Castiel's head sitting stiffly in the booth exactly where he had left him. He couldn't help the small smile that came to his lips unbidden. Even as he resolutely ignored that he was even doing it.
“Was there something you needed?”
"Boys!" Zachariah's voice cut through the assault like a cracked whips. "Boys. Calm yourselves, you don't want to work up a sweat before you even start dancing."
Dean bit his lip in worry, but she kissed his cheek. Dean felt the knot of worry dissipate, and squeezed her hand tightly.
"Dean..."
Castiel turned to him looking incredulous, "Dean...I thought it was obvious, I will do anything for you."
Dean lifted his hips to meet him and Cas rolled his shoulders forward so he could take him down his throat.
“Where’s the bomb, Dean?” Asked Jimmy at his elbow suddenly.
"That's Father," Cas said, nodding his head, with a slight reverence towards the portrait.
The peddlers wagon door opened and the short little man stepped out, somehow making his walk down the three raised steps look regal. He had changed his merchants robes for a deep black doublet and hose with silver embroidery, a veritable fortune in clothes.
He stalked across the debris littered concrete floor, Sam saw him coming, and looked stricken, and tried to back away. The black haired girl stood and taking one look at the murderous look on Dean's face, bolted. Dean barely noticed as he crashed into his brother grabbing him by the t-shirt and slamming him into the wall. He grunted on the impact, his eyes wild.
When that was done they sat, shoulder to shoulder, neither daring to look at the other. At least not when the other was looking at him. Silence dragged out in the tense air.
It gave him time to pray, once more, to his angel.
Cas frowned, "I'm not stupid. What do you really want?"
"How much of the argument?" Dean muttered, but Sam was louder with his apologies.
"It's your plan," the man said, sounding strangely like he was drunk. They were both exhausted and cold and their muscles weren't exactly working correctly. Cas had an ache in his shoulder from leaning over at such an odd angle, but he was too cold to let go and stand up straight.
“I'm here, I’m here!”  His brother said from the back room.
Don Quixote bowed his head in complete reverence of the man's words. Shaking his head Ash excused himself and left the diner just as breakfast arrived.
He was on the floor pulling up the boards without a second thought. There he found the box he had filled with the few possessions of his parents he had managed to squirrel away before his step family had sold it all. That had required a few acts of stealth in the middle of the night. All he had left was his parents wedding attire, a suit with an embroidered waist coat, his mothers white dress, a thing of simplistic beauty all seed pearls and lace, his mothers veil, a small portrait of his mother that his father had commissioned after their betrothal, three small leather bound books he had read ten times over, the fourth being the one he had hidden in the kitchen, a hair long pin made of gleaming silver that somehow never tarnished despite the imperfect storage, a few ivory combs and the most prized possession of all a pair of gold slippers.
Cas laid a hand on his hurt shoulder, Dean didn't flinch this time, for really it didn't hurt under his gentle touch. Instead it served to remind him of what they had experienced together. "It's a date," Cas says calmly, his voice low and rough. With this, Dean could do nothing but relent. He nodded. Cas smiled.
“Wait, what about my brother?” Dean asks, suddenly alert and on his feet. He steps between the two agents.
Castiel had said he would be at the ball. This finally gave Dean heart enough to pull himself off of the ground and start running. He half ran, half staggered all the way back to the stables, flinging the stall door open to greet his Baby. His horse stamped her foot eager to ride once more, even with only the few hours rest. He patted he neck and quickly set about saddling her.
“I don’t know about this guy, Uriel.”
He marched back into his room, "How did you know he was gone?"
“It was a video game we used to play. It was a riddle, and I solved it and then there were pictures. Lots of pictures…” They go around the exit and out to the Helipad. They can here chopper blades in the distance.
“I’ll get your key card fixed up tonight. But if you go anywhere and need back in your room just come find me.”
Gabe snorted. “You babies.”
He whipped out the card key, inserted it into the door and the light lit up red. He pulled it out and still red. He tried the handle, it swung around freely but the door didn't open.
"Right now he is Don Quixote. Who else would I be?" Sancho explained.
Trying to wake himself, he turns up the volume on the shower radio and sets the shower to excruciatingly hot, grateful for the steady water pressure that his rich little brothers money provided. The song he was listening to ended after a few brief moments and a special report took over the airwaves. Delays at the airport due to extra security cause of some military dude landing in LA.
“Too late,” he says with a grimace and turns to his left, lining himself up to go forward. It was the wrong choice and the end up going down a set of wide stairs. The car bounces and bumps its way down, passing a pair of stoned skateboarders and somehow hitting the bottom without losing more than a bumper off the car.
"I- well... Dean..." she eased out his name, putting everything she felt at the moment into it. Her desperation, her desire, her heart...
"It's a job. We sell the car at the end and it's a nest egg for you and Sam. I don't have much Dean. But you have serious skills when it comes to restorations. Look what you did to that Impala, and that was two years ago. I can't give you money, but I can give you a job. One that will pay off in the long run. She's yours if you want her."
"Of course Dean, we are here to help all our students, even ones in such," she searched for the right word, "unique, circumstances," Did everything that came out of this woman's mouth sound like it was written by a polite robot?
And then Castiel was standing in front of her tarnished mirror feeling smaller than ever before under a tan coat. Just plain old Castiel once more.
"I-"Castiel began, and snapped his mouth shut. He could not ask this man that.
“You realize that everyone now calls me the “Wayward Son”? I have you to thank for that.”
“Do you think he’ll wake up soon?” Sam asked.
Dean gave a hearty shove at his towering younger brother and the gangly teenager staggered back his footfalls turning from thuds to clunks as his boots hit the boards of the dock. Sam regained his stance, ready to show his brother just what he had grown into in his absence. Dean came after him and they got into a close tussle of arms and dancing feet.
“He is god now Dean, and he has Amara in there. You yelled at her for bringing Mom back so easily. You really think they were just going to give him to you?”
"Dean," Cas said, his voice gruff and commanding. "You. Almost. Drown. I need to know if being in the water is going to trigger any fears. I don't want to have to rescue you if I can prevent it. The whole point of me teaching you to swim is to help you face this fear. Now we will do this my way, or we can go back inside and order a pizza."
The doorman inquired as Castiel approached. He stopped short, realizing he couldn't use her real name, otherwise her brothers and step father would know it was him. He squinted up at the festooned walls, the lamps blazing yellow in the night. "Anna of Haven." He told him, trying to make her voice higher than usual.
Dean ducked his head. “You were there Cas. Your words were there. Reminding me I’m not just a killer. That I have other parts of me. That I can let this all go and Sam and his network will be fine without me. I couldn’t have done it without you.”
"Ummm...awkward."
"Shut, up Gabriel," Castiel growled, not for the first time.
Dean held up his hands to quiet him, shaking his head. "But she's a she. Okay? It doesn't matter what her family made her be, because she's Castiel."
"So it seems we are stuck here for awhile." Sancho finally said into the silence his pie eating had created.
Dean looked at his brother as if he had sprung two heads.
"What?" Cas asked after a while, not looking up at him. He felt foolish as well, but laughter seemed beyond him at the moment.
He wiped away the dirt, and met pale skin.
Dean let out a low whistle. "Damn Bobby, what are you doing?"
“Wow, a free drink and now a nights stay.” Castiel said, smiling.
“Something like that…”
Cas shook his head at Gabe’s ridiculous antics, “I’m glad you are here.” he acquiesced.
"A- A pleasure," Charlie stammered back.
Dean felt himself become irrationally calm under the knowledge of Anna’s death. He had to save these people.
"We'll find her, Dean," Sam said, placing a hand on his shoulder. The familiar feeling bolstering his confidence and making his path clear. He was King, god dammit.
Light seemed to flood out of him, and everything went silent. The light got brighter and brighter until you could see nothing else, then it died away as quickly as it had come.
"I would think so," Dean can't get his addled brain to work at all. The boy smiles at him again, then ducks out of the blanket. Dean watches him, unable to look away. He is lithe, with broad shoulders, his back is streaked with mud and he has bits of dried reeds in his messy hair. He quickly stoops and grabs up another wool blanket from the couch and throws it around his shoulders. Dean did not look at his ass as he did so. He just didn't.
"You guys said they came to the house, why aren’t they here?" Cas exclaimed, almost dropping his blanket as he rushed over to them.
“What if your the unwitting target of a ninja vendetta and he returns tonight to strangle you with his nunchuks?” Gabriel asked, waving his lollipop around to emphasize his point. The man had an unhealthy obsession with candy.
Cas looks startled, moving as if to jump to his feet. "There is another person in the-"
"No," He finally managed.
"Where's yours?" Cas grumbled out, sniffing after a moment.
"And now?" Cas found himself on his feet standing next to the man.
Castiel halted in his tracks, the hair on the back of his neck standing on end with sudden anxiety.
The first night, sore and exhausted and feeling a hundred years old she lit a candle and stared at herself in the mirror. All she saw was a tired boy with soot stained trousers, five o'clock shadow and tangled hair. The bruises on his face were angry and swollen after a hard days labor. He looked miserable.
“Oh, he’s free. He, he is definitely free. Got nothing but time on his hands this guy. He is very, very available. You guys are gonna have a great time.” Chuck chimes in like the voice of God. Dean finally pulls away from Jimmy’s gaze so he can glare at his best friend. Chuck suddenly looks to his left. “What’s that, Mam? Xerox machines? Yeah, I’m on it.” And he disappeared, pursuing an imaginary customer.
“Good evening,” the man greeted him.
Castiel felt his flush rise, and he quickly divested himself of his suddenly troublesome boxers.
“Uriel! Anna! Balthazar!”  Cas started naming his garrison as they were the easiest to call to order.
But Dean had apparently only been waiting for the invitation. “After you,” he said, his eyes bright and intense. Cas crossed the threshold and turned around to pull Dean inside and shut the door.
When he looked back up at the service desk, Jimmy was gone. His chance taken.
The man turned around giving him a positively murderous look. When he grinned and Dean swore he saw an extra set of teeth come down over the other set. Flashes went off in his head. Images coming at him faster than thought. And he knew.
Sam was watching the exchange with interest, “Wait, what does this have to do with Cas being happy?”
"You don't have to keep watch over me." Dean said from the bed suddenly into the dark.
One shaft of light lay directly on a loose floorboard as if to taunt him. It was the very spot he had hidden away his most prized possessions. The ones he feared would disappear if his step family discovered them.
There is a knock at the door and Jimmy moves towards the door. “What do I do if he runs?”
"Yes, Dean."
"It's fine," He told her, winking at Cas, who blushed. It was just fine. Everything was fine. He slid his fork free hand across the table, taking the angels in his. It was warm and calloused. He had never held the man's hand before and it made his heart beat a little faster.
By the time the flash is over, the two agents are standing several feet apart, Dean in the middle, while they glare at each other.
"No, it's fine. It's hard to explain."
"We're on a beach Cas, you should put your feet properly in the ocean and it's too nice a day for a coat." Cas realized that not only was Dean without his layers, but he was also still letting him hold onto his arm. That warm feeling in his belly that he sometimes experienced near Dean was returning.  So Castiel, angel of an absent lord, rebel, former human and all around confused celestial being, stopped. Dean stepped back giving him room could shoulder out of his coat. Dean took the damp coat and he bent to pull off the ill fitting leather shoes and plain black socks. Dean just waited patiently his gaze on the sea. Seagulls cried as he folded his socks, one into each shoe and rolled up the cuffs of his dress pants to match Dean's jeans. When he straightened Dean was grinning at him, the trench coat draped over one arm and his sunglasses pushed to the top of his head as they were facing away from the direct sun.
"Then one night he shows up out of the blue, he practically beats down the door, tells us to pack our bags and be ready to leave in a half hour.” Dean choked a bit, and continued, tears running down his cheeks “We never made it out of the living room.”
"Damn, Cas," Dean chuckled as he caught the ball as it bounced back to him.
The waitress snorted and walked away, leaving them alone once more.
The woman in green came striding off stage towards him, looking him up and down in his pink dress and wig.
It took the better part of an hour to traverse the caverns, the closer they got the more they heard Jo's cries for help. The farther they went the warmer it got and eventually they came to an opening where molten rock pooled in a chasm below them. The great room had many entrances and from a strategic point of view looked to be about the worst place for them to stage an attack. But they had little choice.
"Excellent idea, brother." Jo chimed in, smiling cheerily. "I'll show her the way. Jody?"  Jody gave Dean another pointed look and stepped forward to join the ladies. Sighing in relief of the onerous task of diplomatic courtship he fell into step with Bobby and hurried away so he himself could prepare for the state dinner.
“You’ve lost your mind now too?” Jo asked Abel, astonished he was actually agreeing with the crazy man.
“I think I’m ready for this, Big Rufus, and what it means. Responsibility, leadership-”
Dean snorted. "Maybe that's been his problem. He's been so elusive lately and his grades have gone to shit."
Bobby Singer put down his binoculars as Jimmy Novak and the target entered the dance club. Got him. Either Uriel had been lying about having an operative on the ground, or more likely, this one had been in league with Anna Milton. Either way, he knew what his job was now.
He led her deeper into the castle till they came to thick double doors, the carving of the Winchester crest with the protective star behind it. Two guards stood on either side of the door, a man and a woman. They nodded at their sovereign but said nothing as he led her inside.
“Hey!” He growls out. It only hits him a second later that he should be freaked out.
"Yeah well,it was below freezing. I wasn't going to let you drown my first night free, so I dove in after him. Dragged his sorry sodden ass to shore and got swept downstream."
The man looked down at his daughter in utter defeat. The girl looked up at him with frown. “Mom’s gonna kill me,” he breathes, clenching the girls shoulders. Dean steals a look at Jimmy who had his head cocked to the side and a little frown in the corner of his mouth. He noticed Dean looking at him and his frown flashed into a small smile. It gave Dean confidence and he sprang into action..
“Cas!” Sam grabbed his shoulder.
“Huzzah!” Jo gave a hesitant cheer.
He heard the sound of footsteps on the wagons stairs and the door was opened. He tried to push himself up and under the gowns as if he could hide in the cramped space.
“Cas… Thank you.” He managed to get out. He felt a tear streak down one cheek. Castiel reached out and wiped it away.
Cas's blue eyes searched his as if trying to read his soul, "Why would you want to find me?" Though he too moved closer, and they were suddenly very close together.
Abel plopped another shot of whiskey in front of him.
Dean placed a stilling hand over his brothers, taking the flowers from him with a little too much force. This was getting ridiculous.. “I’ve got it. No mentioning Jo.” Rolling his eyes as Sam actually pushed him towards his car. “And take the nerd herd car, not the Impala.”
"Starting from scratch. Actually, it's for you. I have about five of these things in the yard and I reckon between them we have one car. I was going to let you put it together."
"If I knew I would tell you. I think I was waiting for you."
It was probably just a meteor. He was probably just fooling himself.
Ruby stepped away from his protective arm. Sam looked back at her, confused. She smirked at his confusion. "A little present." Ruby said, giving Sam a little push forward. "The Winchester boy."
“We were having a moment,” Cas told them, sternly.
Meg rolled her eyes. "Fine, what do I care."
“He’s coming with me,” they both intone, pointing at Dean.
Dean sat up looking around. His head pounding and his vision going black with the sudden change in position. “Did you spike the punch, man?” Clutching his head, squinting at the brightness flooding his room through the windows. Oh, the sun was up. He didn’t even remember going to bed.
"No Sammy, not you, I need you here in case something happens." Sam met his gaze, narrowing his eyes.
Cas lay there staring at his master with fondness. He never fell back to sleep, but he didn’t move from him lovers arms.
“But if you have your ears on and even if you don’t hear any of the rest.
“Winchester!” He barks.
The man wasn't sure of who he was or where he had come from or anything really, but he knew this car. Not just the model and make but this particular vehicle. He was sure of it.
Rubbing his head Dean pulls himself up to a sitting position. His heart hammering in his chest. Had that really just happened? What, was he is a spy movie now?
He heard footsteps and turned around to find Gabe standing there looking smug as ever.
"Imagine how you feel in a cool shower, or a bath."
Hawkers in this area were more fervent and bold away from the main street, but he kept away from them with practiced ease, moving further into the warren of alleys. He made a few twists and turns and came to a dead end. A well kept colorful traveling merchant wagon stood at the far end. Before he completed the turn, he checked behind himself again, and swore he saw the toe headed twins coming around the previous street.
Dean’s phone buzzed, causing them both to jump. Dean felt his heart in his throat as he read the name on the screen.
“No need to answer me now. Race starts at 11.”
"And that is?" Dean inquired when she didn't elaborate.
The car approached. Then sped on by.
"And there will be no new favors asked of me for this?"  Castiel asked, hearing a horn blowing in the distance.
Abel looked disgusted but continued. “And do you truly ‘fight evil’?”
on the gas reversing at dangerous speeds then whipping the car around and heading east into the desert.
“I chose to fall. I could have given up my Grace like Billie did to stay in heaven. But, a few years ago I had fallen to earth and got to experience being human. It wasn’t a great time of my life, but I made the decision to return to being an angel under duress. I have regretted that decision for a long time.”  He looked over at Dean, who was looking on with tears in his eyes and a proud look on his face. Cas looked away before he got emotional. “Besides how else could I win my man than by proving to him just how much I want to spend the rest of my life with him.”
This time the spreading warmth was from his gut and between them. They soon forgot about arguments, cocoa, and freezing pant legs.
The song ended and Dean pulled off his coat and laid it on a chair. They took another shot of whiskey and danced again in the soft candle light. This time when the music stopped, they stopped next to the bed. Castiel tried to drop her hands to her side, but Dean held them tight and pulled her close to him, in a different way than the closeness of dancing. "Cas..." he whispered in her ear, sending a tingle across her whole body. She felt like a taut string.
"So are your jeans," Cas retorted.
“Dean…” Castiel pulled back from Dean, who was panting slightly and thoroughly disheveled looking beneath him, his bowed legs slightly spread making him shorter than him. “I am very upset with my service at your hotel.”
It was small, but not quick. Not a little peck, or anything that could be dismissed as accidental. He leaned his head back, licking his lips after.
"Father's a pastor. Not really a thing we have in the house."
"I like all your dresses. I hope I didn't ruin any of them."
Mostly dread. Yes she had escaped the manor, but was she really free? Could she really trust that Dean would accept her for who she was. Would the court? What if they found out the truth? It wasn't as if her family would keep quiet about it. Her stomach lurched again and she feared she really might lose her lunch.
Dean’s eyes roved down the swimmers muscled chest catching a glimpse of twin erections peeking out of swim trunks and speedo, then back to the other mans face. His eyes wide, his vision going in and out of focus for a moment. "Cas."
"What have you been doing all night, crying in front of a mirror?"  Zachariah sneered as he came in. He had obviously been drinking, face red and his gait unsteady.
He turned back to the waiting crowd as they turned their attention back on the raised dais. "And without further ado, I present to the court and my citizens, my bride to be, the Lady Castiel of Haven." Cheers went up and the assembled all bowed and curtsied to the woman who would be Queen of them all. He turned to Castiel, who looked overwhelmed and took her into his arms kissing her soundly in front of all assembled.
"Hmph." Dean huffed out in a half laugh as he threw a stick into the fire.
“If worse comes to worse I will someday die and I will claw my way from heaven to the empty to get that fool back.”
Dean nodded, puffing up with pride.
Tired and slightly disappointed, he had been waiting for an hour, his movie was over and he was about to scroll through Netflix for another show, when he saw 230’s door open. He stood up without thinking.
“No problem. Anything else I can help with?”
It took ten minutes before the man opened up. "I've only been doing the show a week, but..." he let out a long breath, "I've never felt more like myself." Dean smiled, having just thought the same thing about being anonymous in a tavern had made him feel normal for once. "Not since my mother and father were both alive." Dean also nodded to that, a lump forming in his throat thinking of his father and of the mother he had lost so long ago. "When I put on this dress...and the make up and wigs... It's like I'm really me. The me I was supposed to be." With this last statement Cas finally turned to him and they stopped there in the middle of the mostly deserted street face to face.
Dean was still chuckling.
"No doubt you will hear of the King's Decree soon, so I will just fill you in. It seems our King met a woman at the ball, but has misplaced her. Some say she was wearing a gown of superior beauty in a spectacular blue and was wearing glass slippers." Castiel felt herself blush. "Now, you know and I know that they aren't going to find this girl, so I thought I had better check in and see what you need."
“Okay, my jokes,” he admitted, shrugging then clutching at the sheet rope.
“Well fuck him then.”
Cas thought that they were going to have sex, but then she pulled out a case with a syringe full of some red substance.  She strapped his arm with a tourniquet and expertly injected the substance into his arm. Cas held in his gasp. Sam scrunched up tight against some sort of pain. His arm bulging out as he clenched his muscles. Castiel could not run fast enough.
Cas nodded and looked out the window into the darkness as Dean drove them, not to Jodi’s but back to the Bunker.
He managed to get himself up, taking a moment to fully remove his hose. "Lay down." He told her and Castiel took her remaining garments off and lay down while he clanked glass around. Then he was over her, holding a bottle in his hand. He poured some on his hand then applied it to his penis, moaning under his own hands. Castiel watched with rapt attention, her mouth suddenly dry.
"A couple years back my dad got a lead. A rumor of this man named Lucifer and his cult. Dad didn't know it but I read the file he was given. Lucifer had two right hand followers, two he called his children, though they were closer to his own age. The leader was they knew where one of the followers was, this Allen Zelwieger, or Azazel as he was called. He stashed me and Sam at his friends house and...disappeared, we didn't hear from him for months.”
He was being ridiculous.
“And what are you going to do? Renounce your family?”
“You know what, you two were really cool back in the day.”
"Can I ask you something?" Dean asked, Cas nodded, "do you ever wish you were a woman?"
“It’s an angel and demon graveyard. No one returns from there.”
Castiel gasped out “Dad?” and ran over to give him a hug.
Dean nodded. Trying to imagine what the last hour had been like for them. He decided not to dwell.
“Jack- uh, sit down.” He pivoted, not wishing to have this conversation while Jack was hovering over him. Jack obediently sat down, his brow furrowing just enough to show his worry.
Cas grabbed himself up as well. Gently stroking himself back to hardness.
“About what?” He took a swig of beer.
"Castiel?" Zachariah asked, in a lilting tone that was both questioning and dangerous.
Now the man looked at him with narrowed eyes, “Don’t you think you are worthy?”
“Well, I’m working on a five-year plan. I just need to choose a font.” None of them laughed at his joke, circling him like sharks. Maybe Chuck had been right.
"Sorry, it's just Sam keeps sneaking out and I don't know why. Nothing has been the same since I got back, and I can't seem to get him to talk to me. His grades are the worst I've ever seen from him, and every time he says he's doing homework I find him doing something else or not here. Bobby has been great, but he's done nothing to make Sam listen. Not that it's his job, but..." Dean trailed off. "I'm sorry man, I shouldn't put all this on you."
Dean closed the door without even the slightest sound. He wasn't sure how he felt at that moment. He was strangely calm. Not like the calm that often took him during a hunt, or a good sword match. More like a puzzle snapping together in his mind that made him sort of feel at peace. This wasn't exactly a familiar or comfortable place for him and he had to put some distance between himself and them while his brain settled around this new ideas forming in his head.
"Why do they all do that?"
Dean looked at the man sideways, but didn't admonish him. Bobby was right, the little guy grew on you.
"Begone, mortals," Hissed the dragon, as the light that had filled the room went suddenly dark. Dean would have bet his soul that the creature could see just fine in the dark. The light had been a trap to lure them inside.
“You remember those old text based infocom games? Zork and all those?” Chuck nodded, though he looked perplexed. “Well Anna and I programmed out own version on an old TRS80.”
"I can't-" Dean said, his voice strangling in his throat.
Cas took in a deep breath. He was tired, he was probably just doing something wrong. There was no way he was heading back downstairs to tell the desk clerk his key wasn’t working. But after a few more unsuccessful attempts he decided that he must.
Cas shook his head, unable to speak as another ugly sob escaped him. Gabriel hunched down beside him, oblivious to the cold water on the dock, he rubbed Castiel's shoulders and arms in some lame attempt to warm him up. The added warmth of his brothers hands made it even harder to hold back the tears, and he just let himself cry for a minute. Gabe stopped touching him and sat down next to him, lending his shoulder for support. Blessedly he kept quiet until Cas was done, and had leaned back to wipe his nose and calm down.
Stop getting your hopes up Winchester, he admonished himself.  Besides, Ellen would have his head if she thought he was pressuring customers into a hook up.
Sam is sitting in the dark on the kitchen stairs. He’s holding Eileen’s broken phone. The battery died days ago but he is staring at it like he can read something there.
“Tell them nothing. It will keep them safe.” Somehow Dean knew that was easier said than done.  “And Dean, do one thing for me?”
"He," the troublesome man emphasized the pronoun, "is the first born of my late wife from a previous marriage. He is not my son."
Dean sat on the fountain edge, loosening his tie and sighing a bit melodramatically. He was a train wreck.
“this marriage is happening”
Chuck straightened up and backed away to give him room. “Something goes wrong and you blame me. Where’s the trust, Dean?” He protested, but added as Dean finds his legs, “Yes, yes I did.”
"Probably," Sam said with a laugh, "but I would have gone back after her, when we were done."
Castiel sighed out at the promise, for the first time in years, feeling like someone actually loved her and wanted her safe. Tears leaked out of the sides of her eyes, and she pulled his hose, setting his erection free. "Let me." She asked her King, as she sat up pushing him to the side so she could take her own turn. He made his own gasp of pleasure as she licked up the front of him and swallowed in the tip, then taking him all in, down her throat.
“Well, thank you for the drinks, Dean,” Cas said, standing close to the man.
Castiel slid his knees closer to his chest, wrapping his arms around his legs and letting out a foggy breath into the frigid air. He imagined he could still hear Michael and Gabriel fighting, though that was ridiculous, the house was all the way up the hill. Besides here on the dock all there was to hear was the current of the river and the crackle of dead leaves rustling in the wind from the old maple across the river.
Sam felt a stab somewhere in the vicinity of his heart. His hands started to shake around the can as he paused in the doorway. "I'll keep that in mind." And he walked away. He heard Dean curse under his breath as he hurried back up the stairs. He couldn't care about that right now.
“Yes, that is technically true-”
The trap was set.
"She's like the little sister I never wanted," Dean grumbled, looking up at the ceiling.
"You could be my woman," Dean said softly, touching his cheek. Cas kept his head bent. "Would you like me to call you she, instead of he?"
“I know Cas. It..” He trailed off, “Look at me, Cas.” Cas lifted his head to meet his perfect green eyes. “It took me a little longer to figure it out.” Dean leaned down, their lips meeting once more, he pulled back an inch then let his forehead lean against Cas’s and he whispered. “I’m in love with Castiel.”
Dean nodded, suddenly nervous. What if this wasn’t the life Cas wanted. What if he had expected a life of adventure and hunting…
Dean felt rage and shame surge through his body as he tried to get up again, but was kicked in the head and the world went sideways. He could hear Castiel's voice begging his brothers to stop. The sound of flesh hitting flesh and hooves stomping in the dirt. With a few deep breaths the world stopped shifting wildly and he managed to push himself up onto his elbows.
The man looked perplexed. “But it’s digital!”
Sam snapped his mouth shut. Now that he had seen demons with his own eyes he couldn’t find a response.
Dean clicked on the email and it was blank except for a file attachment labeled ‘Standford.zrk’. Dean actually smiled when he recognized it. It wasn’t as if he didn’t have fond memories of the woman. Just that all the memories of her had been sullied by her betrayal.
The first one was a small man with wavy hair and a beard.
“You’re right. Let’s get you cleaned up and into some real clothes.”
Having already mapped her route she hops to lower and lower roofs till she can safely land on the ground. Letting her legs take the impact.
And what did this all mean for him now? He didn’t want to be whisked away to live as a human computer in a cell. He certainly couldn’t put Sam or Chuck or even Captain Awesome in danger. One thing was for sure. If he was going to live to see another day, then he sure as hell should stop wasting it.
Sam’s eyebrows rose up his forehead. “Damn, okay then.”
"I told him to go." Anna said when she returned. Dean was where she had left him, laying across the Impala's hood and staring up at the sky.
Cas didn’t know what to say.  The initial rush of feelings calmed a bit, but he still felt like his skin was buzzing, like he couldn’t quite catch his breath. He looked back over his shoulder at the piled shoes and clothes Dean had neatly stacked just out of the water line. He hadn’t noticed how careful the man had been with his things.
"Once in a generation," Sam muttered. Dean blanched. Sure that his brother knew the lore and was right.
He nodded his agreement.
Cold hit from behind pulling them out of the desperate fervor they were in. His body electrified and buzzing with feelings. He felt warm all over despite the ocean water soaking his clothes and his exposed skin. Dean laughed, a full body laugh he had rarely seen, and tried to help pull him from the surf.
Castiel felt his face blanch. He hadn't even known before tonight that other men wore dresses. What else didn't he know about the world. The possibilities were staggering.
Dean barely hears him as he has stopped his eyes fixed on the plates of a black limo driving down the street escorted by the police. Images flash by his face again the general, the vampire he saw at the large mart, tomorrow’s date…
“Oh, shut up Jerk and try them on.”
A tall long haired man was now behind the counter, he looked up at he entered with Dean.
Gabriel just grinned at him maniacally and Dean scurried away before they say anything else creepy.
Jess finally opens her eyes, her face contorting into a grimace. “Oh god Dean, what are you going to wear?”  Dean looks down at his ridiculous white shirt, gray tie and black pants that are his work attire and shrugs.
Dean made some disparaging noise. Just what he needed some headstrong girl who wanted to run everything. "At least she isn't made of porcelain," he agreed. Sam smirked at him.
Because you Cas, are the most selfless person/angel/whatever I have ever met. And I took it for granted.
"Only you would wear a leather jacket to a diving competition. Come on," and she slipped her arm around his elbow and steered him around the pool to the arena seating. He made her climb to the very back row, she gave him a look, but let him steer her. "No Sam?"
“You’re the best!” He called after her but she ignored him as she started cleaning up.
As soon as he is in his room he opened the beer and downs half the bottle. It doesn't really take off the edge, but he still feels better having it. Even if he drank everything in the fridge it wouldn't help. He lay there, eyes on the ceiling, drinking down the beer in steady gulps. It barely did anything to take off the edge. He knew what he needed.
"Come, let's take a walk," he said finally.
Deand’s phone rang, “Dean?” Donna’s voice sounded happy but worried.
Sliding his fingers out, he pulled her to the edge of the bed, standing up, then he lined himself up and pushed inside her. It was difficult, but after a minute he was all the way in and they panted together at the triumph. Then he started to move, slowly at first and then with vigor. It didn't take long for them both to climax. Castiel came undone first, coming all over her own belly while Dean worked furiously. Then he gave a mighty thrust and came inside her.
“On my way,” it read.
"What do you mean?"
"Why are you helping me?" Cas asked, still baffled even after being under the man's ministrations for an hour. She looked at him through the mirror.
"So I've gathered," he rolled his eyes as if this was the most boring conversation ever. He held out a hand waving at him to get up, "Follow me."
For you see Castiel had returned with about five hundred pumpkins and on every last one of them was the face of a hunter. Every hunter Castiel had ever met in their company, which numbered around five people, including himself, in perfect detail. The rest, every last other pumpkin sitting on tables and equipment, the floor and along the stairwell was a portrait of Dean.
"Oh, right," His eyes raked Castiel up and down appraising him, and he was almost grateful he was too cold to blush. He leaned over and hit the window pain nearest the door handle with his elbow. Cas bounced from foot to foot and held his hands, numb with cold and rubbed them together. It took a couple tries, but finally the tinkling thud of glass breaking and hitting the floor awarded them. Shards stood out at dangerous angles. Sighing the man punched them out of the way as carefully as he could and reached through to reach the locks. The door unlocked they marched into the mostly unfamiliar house, carefully sidestepping the shards of glass in the doorway.
"Just a hunch."
"Is that-h-how you seduce a-ll y-our-" whatever that sentence was supposed to end with was cut short by his teeth literally chattering him quiet. He clutched his arms around himself again.
Castiel nodded, looking around for signs of her family. No one was in sight.
"We have clothes and towels. I can see if they have enough power to get you a shower here, or you can come back to our place it's just three miles up the road."
"Cas?" Deana whispered as she swallowed down the bite.
"Well I think you got what you asked for," Sam commented.
Cas chuckled.
Maybe it was a stupid decision, but for Dean in that moment, it was the only decision to make. He shouted out to Bobby, his eyes searching the river for signs of his brother. That he didn't know how to swim didn't matter, Sammy couldn't either, so he had jumped right in after him.
Dean had been right, they were both piled with meats, sausage, pepperoni, salami and ground beef. He led him to the living room, there he found a torn up old velvet couch, dirty red velvet curtains and a random of assortment of dusty vintage furniture. Along one wall was floor to ceiling bookshelves full to the brim with books of every size shape and type.
"You can hold onto the dock for support."
“The Demons all went to Hell, and we wrestled the grace out of Lucifer and sent him with them. Jack tells me Rowena has him in hand. There seems to be balance with the realms. Hell is now reserved for those who deserve it. Heaven is accepting transfers for the reformed or unjustly damned. Kevin has been allowed in, before he succumbed to ghost sickness.”
He growled.
"I’ll tell you what I think," the man grumbled, muscles bulging in his tight t-shirt.
The edge of Castiel's mouth twitched into a little smirk. It was enough to stall his mounting anxiety. Dean pulled him close and kissed the man fiercely, his tongue penetrating the others lips. He ground his erection against Cas and moaned out into his mouth. Cas pulled back, but before he could protest he saw what he was up to and was too stunned to move.
Then he grabbed up an oil stained coverall and threw it at him.
"You've met him before then. Who is he?"
She fell to the floor, her chest covered in blood a gash in her forehead. Back on her feet in moments she dashed to the only thing in the room, a solitary computer on a pedestal. The screen reads ‘Intersect Computer, For Authorized Personnel Only.’
Sam snorted. “What a concept.”
"We'll figure it out. I promise. For now it's time to go. We have demons to hunt."
“Well you are to run the estate once you hit your majority, you are in charge.” The Lord had explained.
Gathering himself with a steadying breath he marched around the corner. Once out of sight he rushed to the front of the store until he found a clerk. He opened his mouth to tell her about the man then snapped it shut. Who would believe him? They would lock him up if he told them that man was a vampire buying bolt cutters. In broad daylight. He spotted the man at the cash register, he was smiling and laughing with the clerk, buying colt cutters and a nail gun. Dean decided he was just imagining things.
"I just feel conspicuous in this place. It will be better if I pull up the rear."
Cas felt his cheeks get hot until he realized that the man meant his now soaking wet shoes.  "I can dry myself," Cas explained, getting ready to do so.
It all made some sort of sense. But it also meant to him that he should probably leave. He could remember the last time Cas had shown amorous attention (they had all been shocked by his expert kissing abilities when he turned them on Meg) and he knew his brother wasn't one to hesitate when the moment was right. So he tried to scurry away before the two idiots, still gaping at each other from across the room, did something he didn't actually need to witness. Of course he was so busy staring at them as they stared, that he tripped over a pumpkin, sending a few thudding to the ground, and cracking one that he thought might have been a full bodied Dean holding a gun out in front of him menacingly.
“Chuck, this is a bad idea.”
"You practice every day?" Dean asked, relaxing his posture a bit.
“Yeah, I should have waited until the car was cooler to attempt unbolting things,” He admonished himself.
Just want you to stay the night, he thought wryly. He knew that people actually did things like that. Said things like that, and probably ended up hooking up like that.  But Castiel was not one of those people. Not even when he was out of town and far from his real life. “Oh just want to make sure how long i have…” he said.
The space that they had carefully maintained over the years finally closed in a perfect meeting of lips.
He held out his hand and it took Cas a second to realize he was asking for the room key.
Cas looked at him funny then licked his lips nervously.
"You haven't been exactly available lately, big boy. Not since big brother returned." She made it sound like Dean was a menacing government agency. Maybe she was right. He did seem to have him under constant surveillance. He would find a way. It was important.
He tried to visualize himself jumping in, and he was immediately back in the ice cold river of January. Gooseflesh sprouted up along his arms and he felt like he might vomit.
Cas shook his head, “let me at least wrap it up so you don’t burn it again.”
"Yeah, sure thing." But he was hardly paying attention, because at that moment Cas appeared in the doorway of the men's locker room. Dressed now is a pristine white tee shirt, clinging damply to his chest and a pair of bright blue track pants.
A horn sounded behind him, much closer this time. Sighing, he turned to scan the woods for his party. He definitely wasn't stuck thinking about mysterious blue eyed strangers carrying him through sun dappled woods when the party came into view.
The familiar sound of Sam clearing his throat brought them both to their senses. "Sam! Help me with the rest here. Cas, put those in the library." Cas disappeared, and so did all the rest of the groceries from the back of the car.
Don Quixote kept going straight and before long they came upon an actual paved road that he turned onto without a word. Sancho noted the gas tank was getting dangerously low and so far they hadn't seen a station. This road didn't seem particularly ripe with such possibilities either, but at least the car wouldn't be dragged down by sand and tumble weeds any longer.
"You can't even walk by yourself," He snapped at the man.
"Hello, Dean," he managed, squinting. He wasn't sure if he was annoyed or not.
Damn. He looked around, finding the clock. It was past time for his damned brother to be there. He grabbed his cell, there was a message waiting for him.
"Want to explain why these were hanging in the shower?" Sam asked, a sour expression on his face and sounding so much like their father that he felt himself straighten up to attention.
His hip, shoulder, and face were sore all up the left side where he had collided with a wall during the latest scuffle. Time was that he could brush such injuries off, but it was becoming harder these days. For a long time he had felt invincible, indestructable. Like the man that Cas had put back to together in hell could withstand any physical harm and be, well, fine.
“I haven’t dated much recently,” Dean admits, trying to shake the uneasy feelings washing through him.
Dean sees a dog and his stupid tan coat reminds him of Cas so much he forgets himself and his rule about dogs. The dog is a miracle. God does still have blind spots.
Michael knows nothing about the empty.
"I will require the entire household to be in attendance, sir."
“Lawrence, Kansas,” he said grinning at Cas’s blank look.  “Yeah, no one else has heard of it either.”
"I'm not just a pretty face," He said, smirking and tapping the side of his head to indicate he was also clever. "I'm not exactly sure of your choice, mind," he shrugged, "but as someone with a little experience with these things," Cas struggled to keep his skepticism off his face. "I doubt you had much choice in the matter. Plus he's smoking hot."
“I don’t have any men’s clothes… can I borrow something?”
Castiel sang out, "...If I was a woman, as I am a man,
Dean was ready for this argument. "From the reports you acquired, we know they took care of that nest in Scotland, they can help us. If all it takes is marrying their youngest daughter then so be it. End of story."
Sancho didn't answer as Don Quixote cornered the man and fell to one knee singing with all his terrible voice would give him "There'll be peace when you are done, lay your weary head to rest, don't you cry no moooooorreeee!" Holding his hand in both of his own. The long song rose into the long epic finish. The man wrestled his hand away from the errant knight and slapped him full across the face. He grabbed up his bin of dirty dishes and stalked into the kitchen.
It turned out the Lemon Tree did indeed have pie and that's all that Dean would order. And an Irish coffee.
Before Dean could even react he was being pushed to the ground. When he looked up over he saw the other man grabbing Castiel from behind by the arms, dragging her backwards up the street.
"My mom was killed when I was just a kid," He started gruffly. Cas swallowed, feeling both blessed that Dean would tell him and cursed to learn what Dean had gone through and to learn what his uncle had done. "They said it was arson. My dad says that she was dead before the fire broke out. The fire was just a cover. I don't really know. I was only four. They never caught anyone.”
The bell tower tolled and Castiel realized it was almost midnight. Crowley had told her to leave at this time or the dress would be full price with interest. Melting into the crowd slowly, unobtrusively she made her way up the gravel paths and hurried inside with the rest of those who had witnessed the dragon attack.
Jimmy raises his gun and points it at Dean.
Lights disturbing the dark ahead warned them of approaching civilization. It was none too soon as the ancient car was on E.
"Whoa, dude, are you okay?" He patted his back awkwardly.
"Welcome to my Kingdom, Princess Charlotte." Dean extended his hand and she walked up the stairs where they waited.
They even brought two large slices of cherry pie. Don Quixote started in in his meaty breakfast eying the pie the whole time, leaving it for last but not wasting a scrap of its flaky crust or sweet cherry filling.
Cas nodded. “Yes, Jack said he would help a little. I just didn’t think you’d be here so fast…”
Castiel?
Dean was mesmerized. The man sang in a perfect alto, and the audience quieted and some sang or mouthed along to familiar if somewhat bawdy words. He felt his cheeks heat as she stood and started dancing across the stage, strangely aroused by the show. A barmaid came by just as he was draining the last of his tankard and he signaled the want of another.
The study was actually their fathers, but seeing as he was absent, Michael had set himself up there. Taking charge as was his want anyway. Though, Cas thought, his big brother was a little rudderless without father actually telling him what to do. They all were, frankly.
“Ruby…” Sam groaned. She was so exasperating. She went on her tiptoes and kissed him and he forgot he was mad at her for a bit.
“Dean?” Came a familiar gravelly voice, as Castiel ran into the garage. “You okay?”
It was around then that Bobby and Sam pulled up, the familiar sound of the impala's engine coming to a stop making Dean look up.
“We’re on the dock, Gabe!” Castiel shouted. Dean grumbled and held Cas tighter in his arms.
Jack calmly explained while Dean collected himself. “Cas demanded the empty give me back in exchange for himself. The empty accepted that deal and told him they would collect when Cas had felt a perfect moment of happiness.” He paused. “‘When you finally allow yourself to be happy and let the sun shine on your face, then I’ll come for you’,” He quoted.
"Let's get you the heck out of here, shall we?" Bobby whispered gruffly into Castiel's ear. Castiel breathed out a worried sigh, nodding as he hurried her from the manor.
“Cas I was worse than any idiot for not believing you could feel the same way about me as I do you. You can have me Cas. All of me.”
"Just refueling before we head back, our Knight here is quite handy," Bobby slapped the younger man on his back.
The peddler smiled like a snake. "I guarantee when I'm done with you, they wont recognize you. Besides I very much doubt that is what you wanted to wear anyway."
"Whose Sam?" He asks unexpectedly, cocking his head.
“I hear that. Jodi and I would kill each other sitting here all day. That’s why we keep separate houses. Plus it gives the girls a place to run to when they need to get away from each other.”
Castiel smiled.
Dean looked surprised, "Yeah, sure. I can.." He looked like he was going to add more then finished with a shrug and a "Sure."
Stopping in town wasn't an option, not if his father was there. Besides, it was the last place he wanted to be. Riding free with Grace's powerful legs beneath him was all he needed, his other worries pushed aside by the wind in his hair and the ground rushing past his feet. He rode her hard for a good long while, but soon slowed her to an easier pace. As he crested a small hill he slowed her to a stop. The vista before him humbled him enough to pause.
The officer rolled his eyes. "You're not?" He lifted his head to smirk over his shoulder at the other officers standing around their cars.
“I may have to point my gun at you.”
Only then did Dean hear the sound of hoof beats. His hunters had returned.
“Charlie. Luck, Jack maybe?” Dean shrugged, not caring one way or the other. He had Cas back.
“Look, I'm going to bet you all your grace he will show up here, covered in blood begging you to come back before you know it.”
"I gotta get the next bus..." Cas blurted out suddenly, as he caught the bus in his peripheral vision.
“Dean, slow down, don’t start listing everything,” Sam counseled.
"Dean, come on. Tell me whatever it is you're hiding. We just saved Jo from a dragon, we've battled werewolves, vampires and ghosts since we were kids, please tell me what could possibly be in our way that we cannot stop it?"
Too soon though, the long days of summer were cut short. Unsurprisingly, at least to Castiel in hindsight, was that the trouble all started when he took Dean to his house in Haven Heights.
Cas dove several more times, he looked so natural doing it. Graceful and nuanced. Dean felt like he could see every muscle in the man's body as he twisted and twirled in the air. It made him feel hot under the collar, but it was probably just the overly heated and humid room and his leather jacket.
Dean sat in sullen silence in the driver’s seat of the Impala, hands on the steering wheel. He had sent Bobby inside with Sam, and told him to lock him in his room. Sam had gone willingly enough, but they were going to have to call around to some rehab joints in the morning.
Dean started forward to go after him, but stopped himself, suddenly nervous. As he stood stock still a hand fell on his shoulder, he whipped around to find a short man in a well tailored black suit.
Bartholomew lunged at him first, and he stepped to the side, punching him in the shoulder as he stepped passed him.
"You know what Cas, I don't care what your friends say, you're funny."
Dean turned from the window to look at his brother, all puppy dog sad with concern. He blinked back some tears that were threatening. "After all that has happened, all I wanted was to find her still here." Dean felt the tears starting to threaten.
His chambers were immense, bigger than her families entire living area. The furnishings in the first room were ornate and well taken care of, but he hurried past all that and into the second door on the right. This was his bedroom. It was more spare than the other chamber. This room too had a large star on the floor and there were an inordinate amount of weapons hanging from the walls and scattered about the room.
Reality came crashing back down around him as Gadreel and Bartholomew closed in on him. The sunny day turned darker in his vision. Hadn't they had enough of tormenting him that morning?
"I don't think so."
They all heard a crash, and then rattle of a door far above them. When Castiel finally emerged at the top of the stairs she was dressed in a simple gown of a bygone era, her hair was brushed to a glossy black shine and her face was perfectly made up with smooth rosy cheeks and pink lips. She descended to an awed crowd of soldiers and the gape faces of her step family. Bobby clapped a hand on Alfie's shoulder in anticipation.
"I like that," Cas smiled and looked at his shoes. "The family that raised you can be troublesome."
“That’s what I was trying to tell you Aunt Ellen, room 230 is occupied!” Sam interjected.
"Cas..." Sam mused, then he got a little smirk. "Then why are you blushing?"
Behind the desk was a young man in his late twenties, short light brown hair, and the most gorgeous face he had ever laid eyes on.
“How do you know Anna?”
So when Sam arrived she found the Angel slumped over the counter, head in the crook of her arm flour coated every surface of the  kitchen and there was a steaming pie on the counter, it's top completely black.  At least there was no fire.
“Dean get your hands off that grill, this is my kingdom.” Jodi said, swatting at his hands as he attempted to flip a burger.
“Anna is dead?” Despite how much time he had spent hating her over the years, he still felt a deep sadness at this. She hadn’t deserved to die. “I thought you kept people safe.” He shot at Jimmy.
What he found when he reached the upstairs hallway, was his brother, shirtless with a towel around his waist standing in the door of the bathroom with said swim trunks, sopping wet, in his hand.
Cas flinched at the mention of Jodi’s. “Do we have to go see the others...right now. We need to talk and...I need to explain things about what’s happened.”
Tears welled up in Castiel's eyes. "I would like that," he said simply, looking away, visibly trying to master his tears with a few sniffs, and a tightening of his grip on Dean's arms.
Castiel had known it from the first time they met, she was in love with this man, and always would be.
"They really just jump from up there?"
Dean doesn’t jump even though he hadn’t heard the man approach. He squinted up at Agent Novak, admiring his beauty one last time. Surely it was all over for him now.
Cas sat on the edge of the bed, his skin prickling with heat. All the tiredness seemed to have melted away. There was no way he was going to sleep now.
He heard raised voices again, and recognized his brothers. He curled himself further into a little ball at the back of the wagon. There was also an unfamiliar voice outside, a deep rich voice that rivaled Bartholomew's growl. The new voices words were short and clipped. The door he had come in suddenly slammed shut, casting all around him in shadows.
Dean realized that Cas had fallen behind, turning around he saw Cas's steps slowing as they approached the driveway to his home.
Had the man been flirting with him?
He was dressed sharply in a well cut deep navy suit and white dress shirt and a bright blue tie that matched his eyes. His gaze was intense and Dean stood there mutely trying to collect his thought as the man squinted at him with purse lips.
Crowley grumbled, examining the other slipper for damage.
“Donna, can you check on everyone? Make sure no one is still missing? We’ll check in later.”
So he was a bit nervous, but he was also so ready. Cas came back to the bed with the lube, he towered over him and said low and gentle and firm “Turn over.”  Dean did as he was told, Cas’s orders turning him on in a way he’d never experienced, gathering pillows underneath himself and sticking his ass into the air.
You were supposed to be here 10 minutes ago!! He growled in his head.
The scream that rent the air made everyone turn. The band stopped playing and the confusion set in. Guards rushed into the ballroom from the garden.
They both looked at him like he was simple, but sighed. "As long as ye know all the words, me lor-lady."
This made Cas pause his flailing and he carefully set the remainder of cocoa down on the planks as far from him as he could reach. He then took his sticky hands and grasped Deans firmly, pulling him close.
“No, afraid not,” his gravelly voice admitted, amused.
“Hush, Sam. There’s no excuse for this-” this Ellen growled at Sam, then went back to yelling out “Dean get your ass out here.”
"Yeah, I'll see you around maybe."
"That you know about," He said pointedly then pulled the flask from his pocket shaking the small amount of liquid around to show him. "But I keep a flask."
"You brought it up," Sam reminded him. Knowing his brother wouldn't have mentioned something if he had no intention of sharing. Sometimes the king needed persuading.
Bobby nodded, looking like he was perhaps blushing under his beard a bit.
“But I shouldn’t have taken it out on you. You have been nothing but kind with me. And that isn’t all I am apologizing for.”
Dean was both confused and elated. At least she wasn't a milksop of a girl.
“So you two are…?” He wiggled his eyebrows, joking because he wasn't too surprised. Turned out coming out to himself turned on his gaydar.
“Chuck, I love listening to you talk writing,”and normally his little stories were actually pretty good, “but I have a splitting headache. Actually, could you do me a favor?” Changing his trajectory to the passenger side of the car. “Can you drive this morning? The aspirin hasn’t kicked in yet.”
“It’s seriously gross.” Gabe patted Sam on the shoulder and they started back up the path to the house, “Well, I’ll tell Dad you said you were coming, but if you are late, I am NOT covering for you this time.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at him. He shrugged looking smug. Dean realized he had probably cut the creatures head off in a supply closet and looked at the man with new respect.
When they were halfway up the driveway they looked over their shoulders back at the little cabin, catching each other's eye they both started to laugh. The walk back to Castiel's was leisurely with burst of shoving, running and teasing and few stolen kisses.
"If I can't change things, then what's the point?"
They menaced nearer, their heads blocking out the morning sun as they came at him. He backed away, a step at a time, gently setting down the eggs next to the well as he kept out of range. Once the eggs were safe he crouched into a defensive position and waited.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean curses. The spandexed ninja carefully sets down the tower then crouches into a defensive stance. Chuck takes the opportunity to throw any and everything handy at the intruder, who easily deflects every plate vase and pot thrown.
Dean chuckled at that despite his foul mood. "Fine, tell Ellen I need to talk to her about the ball plans when you see her."
“Ah, you know bro, the thing is, Chuck and I don’t really feel like we’re fitting in at my birthday party” He told him sarcastically, “considering we don’t know any of them, cause they are all your friends and they all happen to be lawyers.”
"No one noticed, you looked perfect. Like an angel," Dean insisted, not sure why he was so determined to let him know.  "My angel."
"Oh, that's too bad, I was hoping to at least know two people at the school."
Dean got up and threw open the door and went to his brothers adjacent room. He hesitated before opening the door. What if Cas was just messing with him. What if Cas was like his uncle. But he went in. It was empty, the bed was a mess, clothes strewn everywhere. Sam's homework sat untouched on the floor next to the bed. The room smelled of sweaty teenager and the window was wide open.
“You’re saying someone not only has all the secrets of monsters, but of all the agencies monitoring them as well?”
He kicked off his shoes as he approached the sand and walked out to sit just above the tide line.
They met in the middle of the junkyard that afternoon. Dean knelt down in the dirt in front of Bobby. Bobby held an ancient looking book in one hand and a pretty nice looking short sword in the other.
He handed Cas his ID and 2 keycards.  Cas thought to himself, I hardly need 2 cards, considering, but he didn’t say anything as he took them from the man’s slim fingers.
A few hours in Dean finally gave into impulse and grabbed Cas’s hand.
“Jo-” Dean called out to his cousin.
"True enough."
"In a heartbeat, my lady."
“Now if I could just remember what was in my inventory…” he trailed off, wracking his brain. It had been five years. “Which weapon killed the Wendigo.”
"You think it's wise to leave this close to the ball?" Bobby asked. Still formal.
"Yeah, I'd love one. In fact, make it two!"
When Castiel spotted the familiar long red hair he almost turned on his heel and walked back out of the school. No. He berated himself. He couldn't avoid her forever, he knew she would be here. The confrontation could have waited till he had been there more than five minutes, however.
"Hello, boys." Came an irritated short British gentleman standing over them.
"As you wish, my Lord."
The warm wet sweetness of it made Cas cry out and he gripped the arms of the chair as he thrust up into his hot mouth. Dean moved over him easily, tongue and teeth and lips finding every sweet spot. Cas dissolved into a sweaty mess beneath his ministrations until he was practically gasping from pleasure. Dean pulled off of him slowly, looking up at him with reverence.
“Not awesome,” Jess reported with a disappointed tone. They both watched the crowd of people slowly dissipate from around his brother.
He said nothing, just squinting through the lights at him. Concern, worry, hurt all scrunched up in his brow. Longing.
“Which he would never read,” Naomi doesn’t bother whispering. “Besides the intersect doesn’t exactly work like that.”
They pulled out of town, slowly passing the Giants (wind turbines) and back to the dilapidated gas station where the golden eyed man had told them which way to go.
"That is hard to believe. Also isn't there a certain princess who will be a little upset by our dancing?" Castiel asked, suddenly remembering that Scottish royalty was here to supposedly marry the King. At this Dean smiled broadly.
The guards cheered. Castiel's step family looked ready for murder.
He started to walk away from him. But Dean called after him. "Wait, Cas...please please explain this to me."
It was Dean's turn to blush. "Oh I didn't-"
"Sure thing, bye Anna."
Ruby had other ideas.
Dean let out his held breath, and grinned. “Someday maybe you can teach me how to do that.”
“Doesn’t mean I want to wear your smelly cast offs. Besides your gigantor clothes are hardly going to fit me.”
“Oh no.”
A man in a black suit steps into view, gun raised and leveled at her.
“I was thinking either he’s a demon or he’s really not funny. I was rooting for demon since I’ve never met one before.”
Cas was scanning the crowd, and he smiled when he saw Dean then came towards the bleachers. Dean got up leaping from bench to bench down the stands instead of using the stairs.
Dean stared at him openly, looking like he didn’t believe him. “To dream the impossible dream?”
"Thanks, Bobby. We'll be in, in a bit."
Zachariah and his cronies stopped chasing them fairly quickly, not wanting to ruin their vehicles on the terrain or just because they were lazy. Or because they thought Dean, Don Quixote,  was insane for driving off further into the desert. Whatever the reason they found themselves alone once more.
Cas looked up at her dubiously. "She's going to hate it."
Cas's head came up quickly, his blue eyes searching Dean's with rapid little movements, his face serious. "You wouldn't mind?"
“But your lordship?” Dean asked, looking up imploringly.
This he could do. He relaxed into Cas's hand and nodded. "Okay, okay."
Dean looked down. “I love you.”  His breath caught in his throat.
“I’m not really that good a judge on guys, but yes I did. So I will repeat myself: Why won’t you call this guy?”
Before he'd even gotten to the square he could hear the herald put out his cry.
“Milton?!” Uriel protested, his deep baritone incredulous. “She fell off the grid about six months ago.” He wasn’t going to be blamed for a rogue agent on the loose. “We assumed she was dead.”
Dean turned up the stereo, blasting some heavy guitar laden music on much too loud. They drove on and on until it was midday then Dean turned the car towards a destination. When they reached the driveway of Castiel's river home, he didn't protest. Dean pulled to the side of the drive and turned off the car.
"Yeah, I see that. The top just burnt a little. It should be okay Cas, we'll just scrape the burnt bits off. Deana won't care."  Sam was always so nice.
"I am a tailor, I know a woman's size at a glance. Come."
Several things were apparent to the squire. Something was odd about himself. He seemed to need not eat sleep or go to the restroom, he never
“We’ll see if we can find anything out, maybe run some experiments?  See if it's just plant energy?”
Cas looked at him, then gave a small smile. “I think that will be fine, Dean.”
"Well too fucking bad!"
The smell of sweat and dust on Azazel's arm around his neck. Whispering in his ear, how he was going to be his new protege, all he had to do was kill his brother and everything would go according to plan. How good he was. How perfect. He was going to be better than any of his other children. He had great plans for him.
"I don't suppose it's any use asking how you ended up way out here?" The knight errant asked, casual as you please.
“That would be preferable.”
“Oh, lets see what happened,” He held out his hand  to get the key cards. Cas saw this time that he had black leather straps on his wrists and a small assortment of rings on his fingers.
Dean thanked his brother and just kept driving his mind fixed in the direction of the falling star.  As the light faded more from the sky, fireworks dotted the landscape above the tiny towns barely visible in the distance. Independence Day.
course of action.
He could see the man conferring with the tall one and pointing at a group of men near the kitchen doors.
“No one will take them.” Dean promised, misunderstanding his intent at looking back. When he looked up at Dean was holding out his hand for him to take.
“But what if he has an external drive, a back up?”
“For a moment.”
"I don't even know your name and here we are-"
Pink and white clouds streaked a perfectly blue sky as the sun set over the river valley. Cas hadn't been this far from the manor since he was a lad. South Bend, nestled against the rolling hills a few miles ahead was beginning to show little twinkling lights from street lamps and homes alike. Chimney's let out smoke here and there, but not every house as it was a warm summer evening. Behind him he saw the quickening darkness engulf the familiar. He wasn't going home tonight. Surely he could charm a stable hand into letting him sleep in a loft if he offered to muck the stables or some such thing. He looked down at his attire, the dress a little worse for the hard riding. He could always pretend to be a woman.
"You can only truly open your mind if you relax," Ruby pouted at him from the desk she sat on.
"More Misadventure!" Sancho cried.
"Oh don't pout, blue eyes. It's more than most get," Then he looked at her expectantly. Cas looked back. "The dress?"
“What if it isn’t? What if he can stop something even bigger?” Jimmy retorts.
“There’s a blogger, a journalist that has been tracking him for years. Every once in awhile he actually gets a picture of him, but even he is having trouble keeping tabs on him.”
He was both excited and dreading the forthcoming ball. It had originally been to celebrate Joanna's 16th birthday but now it had also become the day of his brides presentation to the land. He would only have a few weeks to get to know her before he would announce to the kingdom the engagement.
When they get home Dean starts drinking. He had emptied out the liquor and beer at the bar they stopped in when Sam wasn't looking. And he proceeded to drink until he passed out, wishing he could erase this empty feeling in him. Cas was in the empty and he was empty inside.
"You aren't taking Sam with you?"
Cas looked at the their bare feet standing toe to toe in the white sand “I do try to be useful.”
"I didn't let myself think, Dad had taught me what to do in almost any combat situation. I took the opportunity that my dad had given me and I ran out of the room and upstairs. For that one minute I forget my brother was still in the house. I ran and got out the only weapon I knew in the house, an antique Colt Bobby kept in his office. I grabbed it off his wall and the box of bullets off the shelf and I loaded as many as I could while running back out in the hall.”
"But didn't you just use it against some dragons?" Bobby asked, his brow furrowed.
“Get in the car, right now, Dean!”
“We’ll be up in a few.” Dean told them, kissing Cas again.
They both turned to the door as they heard footsteps approaching. “That’s him. We’ve been compromised!” And he climbed out the window holding tight to the sheets.  “I’m a ghost!” Chuck squeaked out, still completely visible but now outside the window.
Sam put down the cell with a still shaky hand, but somewhat feeling better that help was on the way. Now he just had to make sure Dean was going to leave him alone.
Sancho grabbed the bag for his outstretched hand and turned to leave. Halfway to the glass doors he turned back, but the man was gone. Obviously gone into the back room now that his only customers were done. He shook off the feeling of unease.
Feeling odd about the encounter, Dean decided it was probably going to be the least strange encounter of the evening and he followed the lead into the main room.
It was as bad and worse than she feared. Every step she took to keep in line was met with derision and scolding and often a poke, pinch or kick for her trouble. No matter what she did there were always more chores, most of them pointless or redundant. Still every night she climbed the stairs to her tower.
“Dean, listen. Is there time to stop the bomb?” Jimmy asked, his hair blowing about wildly as the helicopter landed.
“Hello, Jo,” He said, just to let her know she was being rude.
"I do, Ruby. I just-" his voice caught. "I'm shaking and sweaty and it's been over a week."
He told her the plan and they went around to the gardens, stepping over another pentagram, and went to the place in the wall Crowley had mentioned in the letter.
"I assure you, those are the grades his teachers assigned him."
“There were thousands of them. I watched the display all night.”
The stark morning light slanted into the room, the dust making the light seem tangible. He wasn't normally in his room during the day and he took in the sight of his shabby belongings to distract himself.
“Would that even work?” Singer asked Jimmy, skeptically.
"Oh, one more thing," Then he took her muddy and dirt stained gold thread slippers, the seam where she had tried to make them big enough for her feet.
“Yesterday I was making eleven bucks an hour fixing computers. Now, apparently I am one. I just can’t figure out why Anna would do this to me. Why she chose me.”
“Dean, what happened? I remember everyone disappearing and I think I-” Donna’s voice was talking rapidly. Dean realized Sam’s dilemma, Eileen was back and he had her phone.
"Anna! Good to see you," Dean was smiling down at her.
Anything was worth that look of love on his angels face.
Cas stood outside the lampposts circle of light, and didn’t move. Anna’s words echoing in his mind. What did she mean?
"You could say thank you."
She awoke to the rooster crowing. Her neck was sore and her legs were asleep from falling asleep half on the floor. Today she was even more bruised than the day before, but she wasn't going to let that stop her.
"I looked for you," Dean said eventually as they came onto slight widening of the hall in a circle. Like outside there was a large pentagram set in the marble. Here the star was in black marble with gold veins surrounded by a creamy white marble.
Sam looked around him in awe and wonder. And confusion and a little bit of ire. Mostly awe.
Outside in the hall Sam stared after Dean, listening to his own words echo in his head. "What are brothers for?"
“I am not sure why he’s still asleep. I would like to wait a little longer before I try anything drastic,” Cas said.
“Maybe, but not that rusted out thing you have out there.”
He fled down the stairs, glad that he was used to the stairs, even if the shoes did almost trip him up. As he passed the glass door of the foyer he realized he was still in his mothers dress. He grabbed the nearest coat from the coat rack and ran out the front door. He noticed that Zachariah's carriage wasn't in the courtyard as he flew past.
When they were gone the tension lessened a bit and it was just Dean and Cas. Don Quixote and Sancho.
"You are welcome to have one, Bobby won't mind, even Sammy steals one on occasion, when he thinks I won't notice. They are super weak, so it's not a big deal."
The man didn't know and took a second to look back up the road one more time. "Wherever you are headed." He said, finally settling on a
Sam and Jack didn’t have an answer to that so they moved on to what to do next.
Before he kicked her out the door he handed her slipper, “Not worth anything without the pair.” He had grumbled.  Then he handed him his mothers necklace, expertly repaired and in one piece.
“Look, that isn’t the problem,” Dean piped up.
Cas sat up a little straighter, and held his knees a little tighter to his chest. Dean wondered what his brothers would be like. Were they all blue eyes dark hair and intense gazes too?
They convince Michael to come with them. They ask him for help, convince him they need him. Do they?
"Wait, I just wanted you to teach me to swim."
"Well met my woman, where be your princess?" Sam asked as the woman tossed him the reigns of her steed.
“You actually call her Captain Awesome?” Jimmy asked, bemused.
“Uh,” he raised a screwdriver from his desk. “Phone trouble again?” His voice hadn’t come out higher than usual, he just had something in his throat.
The man wiggled his fingers, "I can still pick a lock. And I feel fine, it's actually kind of warm out here." Again he tried to pull away. He felt his skin prickle in anticipation of the cold to come.
Dean picked up his beer and buried his face in it, so Cas answered. “We had a bit of an altercation in the hall with Abel.”
Dean knew he was in trouble. It has been a truly stupid move to go headlong after the boar like that. Who exactly had he been trying to impress?
“Ah, I’m proud of you kid,” Donna put a hand on his right shoulder and gave him a squeeze.
"Once I rose above the noise and confusion, just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion..." he crooned, slightly off key. The giant dropped his bleached towel in confusion staring at the man. As he came forward the giant started to back away.
He put the first card in the machine. “Hmmm, yes, something went wrong. I’ll have to lock the room and reopen it. Give me a sec.” Cas nodded, but the man seemed to be talking to himself more than him. Castiel found himself wishing the man would pay attention yo him instead of the card machine.
“I saw you were dropped off, so no parking spot. You’re all set.”
Donna tilted her head and raised her eyebrows in a motherly fashion. “Let a momma be proud of you!”
“What about the bodies?”
Cas's eyes widened as he swallowed the hot stuff. He let out a little cough. "There's whiskey in here," It wasn't a question. Dean shrugged, hoping that wasn't something he wouldn't like. He had made such a mess of things.
Of course his distraction made him run right into the corner of a table he was passing. He cursed loudly, raising a few heads from a far away customer and gaining him a raised eyebrow from a waitress who was taking an order a few booths down. He apologized for swearing and tried not to limp as he took the three remaining steps to his seat.
The rest of the day flies by in a haze, all he can think about is Jimmy and his intense, squinting blue eyes. Not that the rest of him wasn’t pleasing to look at as well.
"Dean, will you please stop pacing you are making me ill," Charlie grumbled, pinching her nose and leaning heavily onto the table.
A dark look crossed Jimmy’s face. “Anna is dead. She died sending those secrets to you.” Jimmy’s eyes flicker to Singer, who shrugs his shoulders like a mock apology.
"I told you, I don't like that place. Everything echoes."
"Did I hurt you?" Cas asked, making to get off him.
“What do you mean by that?”
Sancho down it with one swig. Still nothing.
They kill Lucifer.
“Oh,” she turned to Sam then back to Cas. Her eyes then searched the interior of the room, but all she could see what an empty room with men’s clothing strewn about. “I am terribly sorry, sir-”
"Hardly a problem as I was laughing myself. It is a delight to meet such a free spirit among the stone walls of this castle. Are you coming along on my tour?" Princess Charlie smiled, losing some of her brusqueness with the action.
“Cas, I know we do. There is time, we don’t need to rush.”
He watched the sunrise.
“A code of honor is still necessary in a world of demons.”
Sam encloses the phone in his big hands, pursing his lips in that way he does when he’s been crying. “We’re going to get them back, Dean. Both of them.”
Over the next twenty minutes she did everything in her power to get his attention, without seeming to be trying to get his attention. She hummed, then said she hadn’t realized she was humming. Then she started to tell a story about her friend Meg and some guy she was dating. Then she bent over to pick something off the ground, but bent from the hips, her ass perfectly in his field of vision.
"His car is broken, he's staying here."
“You do realize there is no monarchy in the US, right? That chivalry died hundreds of years ago and this is pretentious bullshit right?” Sam continued as they walked, Dean’s steps getting more and more strident. Cas wanted to intervene, but wasn’t sure what to say. “What is it that keeps you in this delusion?”
“Sure thing,” Dean complied turning on his heel and almost walked straight into the new guy. Who also happened to be Agent Singer. His name tag proclaiming him to be ‘Bobby.’
"Look, after I- after what happened in January i thought maybe it would be a good idea."
Red light.
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, i guess i've heard of that one.”
Ellen stepped back, at first looking ready to fight, but then back down. “I’ll be in the kitchen for a few minutes.”
He started to become a familiar face to Jo and Ellen and even Abel warmed up to him a bit. After all he wasn't the crazy one.
"Just if you happen to see her, Steward," he said dismissively.
The canvas tarp was pulled away and there in front of them was an enormous boulder with a sword sticking out of the top. Dean exchanged a look with Sam, who chuckled.
"Cas?" Was all he asked, trying to understand her betrayal. He stepped closer to her. She dropped the sword and collapsed into his chest telling spilling out the the whole story.
The log was halfway consumed with yellow and blue flames, so Dean sat back butting shoulders with the half naked swimmer. "Yeah. I miss how Sammy and I were when Dad was alive. It was shitty, but we were always a team, you know? And now it's like we're strangers."
"Do you think what will scare them, Cas?" Sam turned in time to see Dean stop in the doorway, mouth agape, almost dropping the steaming hot pumpkin pie in his hands as he took in the full affect of several hundred different pumpkin portraits of himself glaring down at him. "What the-" he cut himself off, eyes wide.
"Do you know what to do?"
“You love him too, don’t you?” Sam asks him, earnest and hopeful.
"I can explain the grades-" He tried, Dean didn't let him.
Castiel agreed, but was confounded. He knew his brothers had seen him at the ball. Surely they had told on him.
Now they were both thinking the same exact thing.
"You don't sleep? Everyone sleeps Sancho." He sat up now, swinging his legs off the bed.
His disappearance and the investigation into his disappearance had caused quite a scandal. At first it had brought the family together, but slowly the last six months had brought a constant discord until the three eldest had started fighting for dominance. Well three of the four eldest, as Lucifer was still in jail after he had been caught dealing drugs a few years ago. Cas knew that Raphael still visited him every month. No one else did and they weren't allowed to talk about him.
Before Dean could protest more, Sam was leading the lady, his lady, out of the map room and out into the castle hall. He was losing a grip on his entire kingdom.
Him and his, sort of, cousin hadn’t always gotten along, but they had come to an accord once he had made it clear that he wasn’t going to hit on her. Not all the time anyway.
Cas took a loud slurp of the stuff, marshmallows bumping into his nose. Then he lifted his head to look over at Dean who was trying desperately not to shiver despite his layers.
He looked up and their eyes locked once more like they had that day in the forest. Dean wasn't exactly sure why he did it but he leaned forward and kissed him.
"And what deed are we to accomplish?"
"Gabe..." he pleaded.
“Way to go Dean! That’s awesome,” Jess intones sleepily with a gorgeous grin, snuggling into Sam’s lap as if she hadn’t been moved.
Cas laughed in relief and followed Dean back into office.
"He said he had some paper to write or something. I didn't argue."
"It is kind of hard to ignore every eye in the castle on us, yes."
"I'm here now. You could talk to me," he looks sort of pathetic sitting there, trying to act like a father. Failing at it miserably.
Heart thumping as Dean stood and started unbuckling his belt. He kicked off his pants and boxer briefs, revealing an cock, red and erect as his own. He pulled off his tee as he approached the King bed that Cas had hardly disturbed before going down for drinks. He splayed himself in the middle of the bed propping himself up against the mountain of pillows.
He did as he was told and sat on the edge, his feet hitting the water as he maneuvered himself next to Cas. In the process he bumped into him, his warm tan skin meeting his own. Again, he had a distinct desire to jump into the water to escape. Instead he willed himself to settle and lower his feet lower into the water.
The screen door opened with a squeak and Bobby came strolling in wearing his dirty blue coveralls and looking like he'd been wrestling a squid.
“Use flame thrower on Wendigo.” He types into the bar.
"Yeah, okay. I see your point," Dean grumbled. He was used to just rushing through things that frightened him. This gradual approach went against his instincts. He turned back to the water, for the first time leaning forward to look down at his feet. Closer up the water wasn't as brown, actually it was fairly clear and he could see to the bottom where the riverbank sloped up to meet the side of the river.
Maybe it had just been too many years since then, or perhaps it had just been too long since Cas's healing touch...
Dean spots the vampire he saw at the Large Mart. He was standing next to a food cart Dean honed in on it and realized the metal cover was the perfect size to hide the bomb he had seen.
“So, uh, where exactly are we?”
Dean was shaking with rage. “I-” He looked ready to collapse. Cas was at his side in a blink. He wasn’t even sure he walked. It was more like he’d flown. He caught Dean before he hit the ground. He stared down at Dean’s face, it was pale under his freckles. He was limp in his arms and he glared up at Zach. Sam stood at his shoulder looking ready to fight.
Gabe gave Castiel a significant look. “His plan to kill Zach failed, Jo and Ellen and Ash being brought back as puppets, Sam being whored out by Meg, Cas and him having sex two nights ago. Take your pick.”
Rickety orange and white striped wooden no entry barriers were erected across the road, a large groups of cop cars behind the barriers restricting anyone from passing.
“So what about you? What skeletons do you have in your closet? Secrets? Men? Woman?”
He wasn't expecting her to come in riding her own steed and wearing chain mail and riding the steed like a man. So, when the red headed woman pulled up her entourage in tow in the large stone courtyard Dean thought she was perhaps the queens captain of the guard.
“Usual.”
"Why would he do that?"
"You wish to defy me too?" His own blade dropped from his sleeve and he parried the next attack from the warrior angel. "Do you forget who
Dean swallowed back the bile rising in the back of his throat. The specter of his teenage self rising to the fore. That Dean would have stormed out of the office. Maybe thrown something at the woman who dared insult him. Even if what she said was true. Especially, because what she said was true. But he didn't. He took a deep breath, held back the anger on a tight leash and listened to her with a rising sense of dread.
“What did you say?” Jodi asked him.
“Come on, Angel, we better get back to our things before the tide takes them. Besides, Sammy is probably wondering where I am.”
"Gabe, what is your point?" He asked gruffly. Not quite ready to let go of his grief.
“You can try.” Dean gets the impression his date wasn’t bluffing about his skills.
Dean suddenly appearing in the living room, hands clutching an old fashioned gun. His voice cold and calm, his stance sure and his hands steady. Dean's voice a low growl. "You let him go, or so help me I will send you back to hell."
“It’s a family business, we rely on word of mouth so anything we can do to keep you happy and spreading the good word is our pleasure.”
He loved this man.
"Dean! Dean let me explain-" Sam put up his hands defensively but made no move to knock Dean's hands away.
"Giants my good man. You can never be too sure around Giants, it seemed the best course of action."  Don Quixote told him, as if that answered his question.
Castiel nodded.
Cas looked down at her dress, then back at her reflection. She was more beautiful than she thought possible. More than she had ever dared dream. There was only one way to answer, though she had an awful feeling in her gut about it.
“You know the one that got you kicked out of school and stole your girlfriend,” Chuck lists helpfully. Dean refrains from actually punching him. But just barely.
"Stop worrying, if anyone can find her, Bobby can,” Sam said.
A lazy dog lay in the yard, he opened an eye as they approached and closed it again as they walked by. Not so much as a grunt escaping his heavy frame.
Of course since this is Dean’s life and he worked in retail, a panicked customer was suddenly at the counter brandishing a video camera and towing a pink tutu’d girl behind him.
Aunt Ellen lowered her hand still upraised to knoc again, her mouth snapping shut. “Oh, who are-”
"So what's your deal with this Meg?"
"Well I guess I'll-" Cas was interrupted by Anna looking over his shoulder with sudden interest.
They stopped the impala inches from the barrier.
It took a minute to figure out the infamilair controls of the shower, but he finally got the right setting and he got in the flow of warm water.
Ah, but he had 2 cards. He pulled out the spare and tried it in the door.
Cas propped himself up on his elbow, to look at him. “You’re serious?”
The man looked up at his entrance with raised eyebrows.
“Cause of Singer? He’s a burnout and an alcoholic!”
"Hello, Gabriel."
"Not pumpkins, Cas," He lifted the largest one from the back seat and deposited into the waiting angel's arms, getting a slight thrill when the angel's hand touch his wrist as he took the weight. "Jack-o-Lanterns."
Cas didn't know what to say, so he reached out a hand and tried to thread his fingers in with Dean's. Dean let him take his hand for a moment and they sat like this, as they had so often that summer. Then he abruptly pulled his hand from Cas.
“Bitch.” Dean counters lamely, but snatches the clothes from Jess’s waiting hands. She grinned at him. “Good luck tonight Dean, I think I need to get some sleep.” She gets on her tiptoes and kisses Sam on the cheek, patting his chest then twirls away as if she hadn’t been working for the last 24 hours.
"What cafe?"
Don got a look of concern on his face at the mention of the car. "How long?"
Cas chuckled, "We do, don't we? Maybe we should stop coming to the river."
"Ah, another one! Come my lady let me show you the way. Eva, take her horse to the stables!" The voice declared loudly behind him, wrapping an arm around his shoulder. He steered Castiel forward, and he found himself too shocked to resist. What was he supposed to do after all? He had been mistaken for a woman and couldn't risk outing himself. Eva grabbed the reigns from his hands and he was taken into the bright lights of the inn.
"You know it sister!" Came the dulcet tones of Ruby.
The sound of slow plodding hooves and wagon wheels on cobblestone finally made her look up after she realized they were getting louder. There, entering her families stable yard was the dress peddlers wagon from town. Its jaunty paint job and matching horses instantly recognizable. As if she needed more humiliation this night, now the peddler was here to make her pay her debts for damaging the dresses weeks ago. Truly the universe wanted her demise this night.
Dean pulled up to Jack and Sam standing in the middle of the crossroads where they had told him to meet them. It had taken him at least three hours to pull himself off of the floor of the dungeon.
"It's Pie flavor."
He worked his mouth around, but only for a moment before his gag reflex tried to react once more. This time he disengaged slowly and with intention. Castiel didn't seem to mind when he looked up at him again, his head thrown back looking up at the ceiling, breathing ragged. Dean moved up between his legs coming over his leg to sit next to him, keeping one leg draped over the swimmer's giant muscular thigh. For a minute they sat staring into each others eyes panting. Then Cas's hand reached over and started to pump his spit slick member slowly up and down. Dean, not looking away from the other man's eyes did the same for him. For a moment it was like a contest of wills. Eyes unblinking as they worked each other with smooth practiced motions.
"Oh, they don't matter."
“And he doesn’t?”
Castiel shook his head disbelieving. "I was a mess up there...I kept messing up the lip syncing..."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Not if you want to walk on the beach. And take off that ridiculous coat."
“Why won’t you call this guy? This Jimmy Novak?” Chuck asked, looking down at the card in his hands that Dean kept refusing to take from him.
"Guards, see that the lady Castiel's things are sent to the palace. Thank you for your hospitality, Sir Zachariah."
“Oh good. I was worried it was something world breaking.”
"I've just never seen him get anything less than a ‘B’ in any of his classes before." Ruffling papers. So Dean had found his report card. Great.
