Sherlock looks down and pulls the disc from the computer’s tray.  “Human nature,” he says eventually.
“Well, I’ve noticed it’s your preferred side of the bed anyway, so….”  Sherlock trails off and glances away again when John sits carefully on the edge of the mattress and swings his feet beneath the covers.
John leans forward and gives her a peck on the lips which the little girl returns but flaps her arms indignantly.
Sherlock reaches a hand into John’s lap and weaves his fingers together with John’s, compressing his hand in a tight grip when John jumps in surprise.
The reassuring weight of Sherlock’s hand and the warmth of his arm at John’s back feels … good.  Comforting.  He’s barely aware that he’s leaning into the circle of Sherlock’s arm until he registers that the detective has angled himself in so that John’s side presses in against his.  John stares hard at the top of Rosie’s head, trying to gather the courage to say something when Sherlock’s arm tenses behind John’s back and pulls the doctor just tiny bit closer.  A puff of Sherlock’s breath ruffles the hair above his ear and John turns his head, finding Sherlock’s face much nearer than he’d expected.  He’s just opening his mouth to speak when a high voice says, “Watson?” from the other end of the room.
His brain seems determined to tear itself to bits.  It’s not just the eerily prescient prediction from a shadow of his dead wife; this thing between him and Sherlock could be the making of his entire life at last or it could destroy everything they’ve cobbled together.  His friends, the family they’ve made between them, the so-called ‘job’ he shares with Sherlock, one he loves that gives him danger and fulfillment and respect.  Oh, God,
Sherlock halts at the accusatory tone and John’s expression wavers when he sees how stricken Sherlock is.  Biting his lip for a moment, the detective collects himself before trying again.
is different.  He feels wound up like a bed spring now, second-guessing every action, trying not to appear too fond but at the same time trying not to overcompensate and be too distant.  At first he thinks he’s doing an okay job of it despite feeling like he’s been thrown back to his teen years.  It’s entirely too reminiscent of those days when everything about fancying someone felt so important and loaded.  Except that this is important and loaded, and it’s driving him round the twist.  Somewhere around day three, he realizes that Sherlock has taken to watching him like a hawk.  Apparently he’s not done as well as he thought.  Sherlock has always been the actor, after all.  John takes a few more shifts at the clinic the upcoming week, hoping that burying himself in sniffling children and adults too embarrassed to go to their GP will keep his mind off bloody Sherlock.
“There it is,” he says in a low whisper.  “Listen and focus on it.  Good steady beat.  Nice and strong.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says and clears his throat yet again.  “I’ll just … I’m nearly finished packing.  I’ll give her a snack once I’m done.”
Alex’s eyebrows shoot up.  His eyes sparkle with happiness as he gives a few halting details – he’s called Oscar, tall, dark hair, beautiful brown eyes, sharp as a tack and studying to be a barrister – clearly Alex is proud of this young man.
At first, John believes that Sherlock has been the only one shifting and changing in this new iteration of Baker Street.  More stable, less manic, more … content, Sherlock blossoms into the best version of himself that John has ever known.  John, however, feels that he is as he ever was, at least in essentials.  The stress and grief and pain of Mary’s lies, betrayal, and eventual death has ebbed enough that he no longer feels it as a constant throbbing agony but more like a hangnail that only pains him when he catches it on something that rips open the wound.  He supposes that this is how most people probably feel when they suffer a situation like this, but John really doesn’t have a frame of reference other than when Ella tells him what’s ‘normal’.  Between his father leaving when John was small, his mother’s alcoholism, and his strained relationship with Harry, John’s never known his life to exist without dysfunction and stress, so for quite some time he doesn’t feel that he has changed.
John rolls to his back, turning his head all the way over to look at Sherlock.  “What, really?  Not even when you were kids?”
John flushes guilty and a little part of him hiccups when he realizes he has to pull his hand from Sherlock’s to offer to the doctor to shake.  “John Watson, and this is Rosamund.”
to make that declaration, he’d be thoroughly gratified at John’s stunned silence in the wake of his words.  Which, really, is completely ridiculous seeing as how John speculating this very fact is what started this whole line of discussion.  And yet, here the doctor sits, flabbergasted at having the words actually spoken.
The father in question pokes his head around the frame of the kitchen doors to peer into where Sherlock paces the center of the sitting room, Rosie clinging to his chest and burbling happily.  A long divot pinches the space between Sherlock’s brows as the detective peers down at her, his expression a mix of concern and reluctance.
Sherlock sprawls across the center of the duvet, limbs splayed in that gangly starfish formation he usually occupies when he’s sleeping, which isn’t terribly surprising, but for his knees bent up to put his feet on the bed.  He’s completely nude which, unfortunately (fortunately?) for John, isn’t all that terribly surprising either.  What John can’t seem to parse, however, is that one of Sherlock’s hands works steadily up and down the flushed length of his erect cock, curved up high towards his belly and wet at the tip.  The detective seems completely oblivious to John’s intrusion, his head thrown back into his pillow, putting that long pale neck on full display as his other hand – oh holy Christ, John’s only just noticed – pushes a flesh-colored toy of some kind or other between his legs and out of sight.  When Sherlock draws his hand and the toy in a long stroke backwards, John can tell that it’s shaped like a cock.
“She’s a lesbian!” Sherlock yells.  “She told you herself!  Honestly, John, I think you’ve said ‘not gay’ so often you’ve lost all concept of the meaning of the word.  She.  Is.
The tone is meant to be flippant and it does manage to tease a slightly-manic laugh out of John’s mouth without permission but the noise dies away swiftly.  Sherlock sounds like he’s gasping when he resumes speaking.
Another moment of silence and then a bit of gentle splashing.  The image of a nude John settling into a steaming tub has Sherlock scrambling for a distraction.  He hurriedly shucks his clothing and dons his pajamas, taking care to fold his trousers, shirt, and pants and lay them in a neat pile on the desk beneath the window, storing his overnight bag beneath.  On his way back to the bed, Sherlock catches a glimpse of John’s bag, half-open on the couch, and notices that John’s own worn flannel pajama bottoms and plain white t-shirt still sit at the top just beneath the zip.  John didn’t take his clothes into the loo with him, meaning that he will have to either come out here and get them – in a towel – or dress for bed here in the main room.  Where Sherlock would be in bed.  Awake.  With very few options to avoid watching John’s naked body –
“I’d like to see how cocky you are, Holmes, when you have no teeth to speak of,” Carl said, stepping forward and brandishing his fist.
As with most things that were intensely personal to Sherlock, he had little to no consideration for the opinions of others. As with most things in general, honestly.
"No body means no murder!" Molly looked inappropriately delighted. "Not murder you can prove, anyway."
John goes bright red when Sherlock whispers into his ear, in no uncertain terms, what he plans to do to him.
creepiest Dark Wizard there ever was. He’s so creepy that even the scary stories about him have to be censored. Like, if you knew the real facts and details of the stories you’d go
He wanted the lip of the fender nipping at his thighs while Sherlock pounded into him, John’s hands sliding uselessly over the smooth surface of the beautiful red and white steel. He wanted Sherlock’s hands on his hips, holding onto him to keep him from sliding, forcing him to stay in place. He wanted to see if he would cry, what that was like. He wanted to broken apart and put back together again, better than before, just like one of Sherlock’s engines.
Victor is very conventionally attractive. It hasn’t escaped John’s notice. Victor is a man worth noticing. You’d have to be blind to ignore that. The baristas flirt with him, bat their lashes, give him extra foam and whipped cream and coffee for free - female and male alike. Sherlock turned most women off as soon as he spoke and insulted them. Victor smiles and doesn’t have that problem.
John looked into the water, feeling a horrible sadness welling up in chest that he’d chased Sherlock away. He hadn’t wanted to be rude, he hadn’t wanted to be mean, but he’d offended Sherlock something awful, and now the magical boy was gone. Probably forever. He looked back at the cave, just a great big hole in a rock, really, no longer promising now that Sherlock was no longer here. Maybe he would try and find Harry, who would refuse to play with him because she’d found a pretty girl to play with instead. Or maybe he’d go back up the beach to sit with Mummy and Daddy, and be told to play quietly, that it was too hot to run around, and why didn’t he find Harry if he wanted to splash in the water?
John had seen Sherlock around school, of course - as if anyone could miss him - leather jacket and dark styled hair and an attitude that would give the devil himself a run for his money. He’d seen him on his motorcycle showing up late in third period, seen him in his fancy purple racing car, seen him perched on the rails on the stairs, smoking on
John guides the kisses then, while Sherlock works on keeping his hips still, buried to the hilt inside of perfect tight heat and his dick throbbing with frustrated desire.
, dry, scrape of skin over sensitive flesh, threatening to push inside, and then pressing in just a little,
And then there was the time Sherlock had surfaced from his Mind Palace to find John asleep on his shoulder on the sofa, the repeating jingle from the DVD menu of John’s latest movie obsession burned into his mind as background noise.
“Iwearridiculousjumpers.tumblr.com,” Sherlock suggested helpfully. “Weareoutofmilk.tumblr.com. Myflatmateisagenius.tumblr.com. Ilikemyflatmatesbig--”
The afternoon seemed so ordinary now. Boring. He hit the water dejectedly, sending up an unsatisfying, pathetic little plop of droplets.
Except that Bill was from an old Wizarding family, and he spoke with so much authority that John thought he probably knew what he was talking about.
“Yeah,” John says, fighting the urge to put everything back in its place, so that Sherlock won’t throw a tantrum when he comes home. The note says, ‘Do not disturb,’ surely Mrs. Hudson should have known to let it alone, she knows how he can get.
He could say anything he wanted to John. John could only shudder and listen. There was no denial there, either, and what a triumph it had been, the first time, to claim John Watson in a way that no one else had ever had him. Now Sherlock triumphed again and again.
Sherlock scoffed. “She probably thinks intercourse is something that’s served between the appetizer and the entree.”
“One day,” Sherlock declared grandly, “he will be the most dangerous man you’ve ever met.” He was sure of it. “For now, though, he’s only annoying. Not our problem right now. Over there, the slugs.”
John wanted to be reassured that no one would see. The Holmes residence was secluded by the neat rows of trees that surrounded the property, the garage off to the side, located at the end of a long driveway that sloped uphill. Still, he allowed himself to imagine that anyone could be driving up the quiet little street, even at this late bewitching hour. Any nosy neighbor could be peering out of their windows, unable to sleep. Sherlock lived in such a nice neighborhood, full of big white houses with even bigger yards. His neighbors would either call the police or drop dead immediately from a heart attack. John wasn’t sure which was better.
“Good,” said Sherlock, smiling with all his sharp little teeth showing. His tail slapped the water with a happy little splash, and when it swished it created waves around both of them.
John didn’t know. He didn’t know how a person could be like that, talk like that, live and breathe like that. And he would have gone on fine not knowing, lived his whole life not knowing, but the problem was, Sherlock had seen him too.
“Look, like I said before, if it bugs you that I’m going out with her all you gotta do is say so. I’ll quit it.”
Later he would untie John and massage out any ache in his muscles. Later they would have to clean up the mess they made - or rather, they would put it off and put it off, both of them refusing to give in, until John would inevitably cave, mortified at the thought of Mrs. Hudson  - or worse, Mycroft - seeing the stains on their sofa. And then after John was done his yelling and complaining, Sherlock would tumble him into bed and they would hold each other, become tangled in one another.
“No, no,” John would reply. “The one with the dog was Pamela.” (Or was it Suzy?) “And I did break up with her. I’m seeing Jeanette now.”
“Thanks for the ride,” he tossed out, over his shoulder, as he exited the car. His stomach was tight now, his chest too, and he was aware, once again, of how cold the night was, the air made cooler by the flush of his skin, and the pounding in his chest - loud, drumlike.
dripping fangs and black tongue and Teeth sinking into his throat, and John was thrashing, wet gush of blood and shrieking animal terror  and up in the core of his body like a hammer was the pounding of intense sickening pleasure, he was spilling out white splatter and thin fluid in helpless spasms a gush of wet inside of him, so much wet tried to scream, tried, and in his mouth the taste of blood,  blood-
His hands slipped back to wrap around John’s buttocks and tug him tighter against Sherlock. John couldn’t help squirming, caught between the words and the squeeze to his arse. “I can make you come so hard, you’ll forget how to form words. I know all this just by observing you. All I need to know is your body, John, and I know it. I’ve been watching it for a long time, and I’d say that yes, by now, I am a sex expert when it comes to you.”
"We can't giggle, this is a sex scene," John says, laughing, body shaking, clenching and gasping with surprise when he clenches. "Stop it.”
“Exactly right,” John giggled. He peered into the mortar, to see the finely-crushed powder that Sherlock had created. “Oh, you’ve already gotten started. What can I do?”
“I’ve been to school,” said Sherlock airily. “I didn’t find much use for it. Do you know there’s people out there - a committee - who select all the textbooks that everybody’s meant to read and then all the schools buy them up, and then the teachers teach you these books that might just be completely wrong. Your history book was written in 1911. What you’re actually being taught is how to follow rules. Not to think for yourself. And they never want you to ask the real questions, do they?”
John had transferred over in September; bright-eyed, bushy-tailed, cheeks pink with the first light chill of autumn. He had cube written all over him; joined the football team right off, made junior varsity at the tryouts. Predictable. Boring. Anyone could look at him and see that in a month or two he’d be dating a paper shaker, in three to four months they’d be going steady, and in six years or less they’d be married and ready to pop out a few dream-achieving anklebiters of their own.
“John,” Sherlock moaned miserably from where he had fallen - back down on the bed - and John felt like punching him, suddenly, like he would very much like to punch Sherlock in his oddly beautiful face - that was also quite unfair, because why did he get to be so beautiful, and rich, and cool, and brilliant, while John was just
Sherlock pressed against him, body pinning him to the stall, tongue and then teeth on John’s skin and rubbing a finger against John
Nobody else notices the stranger, but John’s eye is drawn to his swagger, and shamefully, the deliberate movement of his hips. He walks like he tames broncos. A real cowboy. Like John Wayne, that unconquerable loner. Long, lean lines and a figure sharp enough to cut glass. He probably smokes Marlboros. There’s a feeling in John’s throat so tight and dry that he gulps down his Coke too quick to counter it and the bubbles burn him all the way down.
"Oh," John said, suddenly unsure. Something about the way Sherlock was talking made John realise that he didn't want John to come just for a little while, just for dinner or a sleepover.
An hour into the evening he felt a tap on his shoulder while refilling his punch cup. He turned around to see Jeanette - her dark hair wind-ruffled from the bike ride to the school, but still lovely in her floral purple dress.
He sinks into the comfort of his own bed, weighted down by the heaviness of things that he doesn’t know. The sense of home envelopes him, and sleep takes over before long.
"The true name of this sacred place has been lost to the annals of time," Sherlock  deadpans, to hear John giggle.
“All the old Wizarding families know that the Holmes family tree has borne some rotten fruit. Or rather it’s grown from bad seeds. Or it’s rotten at its roots. I forget which it is that Da’s said. Anyway, point is, Holmeses are bad news. They’re all known for being brilliant, the whole lot of them, but weren’t a Holmes alive that wasn’t Sorted Slytherin. They’re sneaky. They know too much. It isn’t healthy. And…” Bill took a breath, pausing for dramatic effect, “Arawn Ilex was a Holmes. Or they’re related at least.”
“I know you insist on being friends with Sherlock Holmes,” said Bill in resigned tones. “Despite how dangerous, negative, stupid, toxic--”
Sherlock rocked his cock in and out, the movements smooth at first, made easy by lubricant. Of course the slow rhythm couldn’t satisfy him for long, as he was as ever impatient, surrounded by the wet, welcoming warmth of John’s insides, and soon he began to pick up the pace, bodies smacking together.
“Now, Disciplinary Meetings are not a spectator activity,” Professor Hudson said mildly. “It’s a beautiful Sunday. I’m sure there are plenty of entertaining activities out there for you boys to occupy yourselves. Aren’t there, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Wilkes?”
John thought of the cave filling up with water, all the way up, like the tub when Mummy drew a bath for him. He took in a quick, deep breath.
John passed the night fitfully. He could not remember exactly what he dreamt, only flashes of images: an empty coffin, the sensation of hands upon him, all over his body, a mouth upon his skin.
“And the tomatoes are coming in nicely, a good size, although we’re worried because they’re a bit yellow.”
If Sherlock had any decency in him, he would leave John alone. He would excise this part of him like a cancer; parcel it away to somewhere where it wouldn’t taint anything, anymore. He would cut out the tumor of desire before it metastasized, before his need ate up every cell of his being.
“How did you get those numbers?” asked John, who was doubtful of Bill’s skills as a statistician. “Did you just make them up?”
He ran out of the library just in time, apologizing to the librarian who was about to shut the doors on him - he’d almost been trapped in for the night, as he’d been sitting hidden in the stacks.
“Come on,” Sherlock said, and slid easily into the pool in the middle of the cave. The water was still quite shallow, but it was enough for Sherlock to slide on, pulling himself forward with his hands and his tail pushing, strong and undulating. It was like watching a little seal move, except Sherlock didn’t look silly doing it like John thought he would. He looked graceful the way that animals did, sliding along smoothly. His tail gleamed silvery-blue as he moved, in the darkness towards the light.
“Just as I thought,” said Sherlock, revving the engine a little. The car peeled away from the side of the road, vibrations thrumming under John's skin. “A little over a mile from here. If your bike was working you’d be home in no time. Lucky for you I happened upon you.”
“Do you like it? Does it feel good?” Sherlock asks, pressed against the skin, although he, as a general rule, hates asking questions he already knows the answer to. John nods, motion frantic, white teeth softly indenting his lower lip. There is always an exception.
Here they are, two strangers in a bar. Two boys - men - sharing a drink, some sad stories for the night. Two men. John’s heart tripping on the thrill of doing something illegal, fighting the urge to look around guiltily. Surely everybody knows. The bartender, the group of men playing pool in the corner, they all must hear him. His wanting is so loud. It screams in his body when the dark stranger’s leg brushes against his - damn his leg! - a deliberate accident. He could be taken out and hanged for the thoughts that are running through his head.
Honestly. “How many blogs does one man need, anyway?" As if the first one didn’t suck up enough of John’s time and attention as it was.
The low moan that John lets out may have to do with that idea, or the fact that Sherlock has rubbed against the perfect little bundle of nerves inside of him. There are too many confounding factors to know for sure; he would have to isolate each stimulus, run a series of trials to discern the difference.
Sherlock smiled a serene little smile. “Now you wouldn’t know until next Tuesday, now would you? That
His hands are surprisingly steady as he undoes one button and then another. Sherlock helps him with the rest, popping open the line of buttons, until the shirt is open. Sherlock pushes the shirt off John’s shoulders with both hands, peeling back the layers of him like a chrysalis he had dissected once, his touch like a scalpel through membrane.
The whispers and giggles continued to follow John down the school corridors, but nothing loud enough for him to actually discern words. He bit his lip, and held his head high, and tried not to hear it, and if Bill and Mike pressed a little closer to him and talked a little louder, John didn’t say anything about it.
Sherlock handed over the money for the night - $8.50 in cash.  There was a moment where John heard the clerk say, very stiffly, “I’m sorry, Sir, but we’re all booked up for the night.” There was the moment where John heard the clerk say something much worse, damnation and hellfire and that word -
bad at this,” Sherlock had said to him after the first few times they kissed, at the insistent, eager press of John’s mouth against his. It was worth it for that sudden pull back, the shock and the affronted look.
“You know,” Sherlock said, “for someone who was so determinedly straight for so long, you certainly love to have my cock inside of you, filling you up.”
Out in the country, John says, there are fields upon fields of grass, that go on forever, and when the wind blows it ripples through in waves so that it looks like the ocean.
Cremation takes place at 1800 to 2100 degrees Fahrenheit, 950 to 1100 degrees Celsius. Over the course of one to two hours, a human body is turned to ash; although some portions of the pelvis, skull, and teeth may remain recognizable as human.
Sherlock then demanded to see her accreditations again and then insinuated that she had been late because she’d stepped out to flirt with the Flying Instructor, and finally she’d gotten so aggrieved that Sherlock very nearly got himself thrown out of the Infirmary.
“Look,” says Victor. “You don’t need to explain the whole phenomenon to me. We were like that. I mean, he and I - we just latched on to each other right away.”
It took only a small amount of coordination to slide up into the space left open between John’s spread thighs, so that his ankles rested on Sherlock’s back, chain strung between them, the two of them bound together now. His dick slid neatly into the warm, slippery crevice of John’s arse and he rubbed it up and down in the wetness that dripped out of his closed hole, teasing them both.
“But you did see it,” Sherlock says. “And you took care of the problem. You’d do just about anything to protect your family, that much is obvious.”
"I'll be careful," Sherlock promises, because pain is a factor that John doesn't really know about. I'll look after you, he doesn't say, but he will, if that's what John needs to hear. Sherlock will promise anything if it gets him what he wants. The easiest lie.
Other nights John visited Sherlock at his home after his shift, his parents dead asleep and Sherlock usually working in the garage. Sherlock liked the company, even though he never said so. John liked to watch him work, and said so often.
There could come a time, one day, when they will no longer kiss like this. There may come a time Sherlock might not want to kiss him like this.
John moaned, his voice husky with early morning, and tilted his head back to allow Sherlock access, sliding his hand up to curl his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
Slippery and wet and pushing into him. John jolted, gasped, and his body jerked purely from the shock but Sherlock’s hands were keeping his thighs open. Wetness, so soft, slippery and sinful and so filthy and good, slithering inside of him in a way that made him whimper with the shameful pleasure of it.
Four drinks later and even Sherlock was feeling charitable. That was dangerous. It meant that people got away with extreme idiocy without ever being informed of it. The world would surely go to ruin. The alcohol warmed him from inside, however, and gently slowed his thoughts, and he was aware of a pleasant warmth on one side of his body, where John half-slumped, resting against him. The world could go to ruin for an evening, perhaps.
Bill took a deep breath and let out an even deeper sigh. “Because while I may not agree with your life choices, I respect them and support you,” he said, flatly.
A whisper in his ear that he felt more than heard, as a rumble through his mind: “Mine, you’re mine.” Deep velvet growl, animal hiss of satisfaction. John nodded against the pillow, barely understanding.  The heat and pleasure filled his brain with buzzing, with fever. His whole world darkness and Sherlock’s arms around him and Sherlock’s mouth on his skin and and Sherlock’s voice in his ear and Sherlock’s cock inside of him, filling him completely. Sherlock’s hand on his throat, like a collar around his neck, putting just enough pressure on it to stifle John’s gasps. He was helpless, owned. A taking. A claiming.
“John, whatever it is, I take it back,” Bill said, and he didn’t even know what it is that made John upset, and John didn’t know how to put it into words.
For years Sherlock played the violin only for the most sophisticated of audiences; a tiny, elitist club of music aficionados with a membership of one: himself. His Stradivarius warmed in his hands like a lover, submitting to his strokes and touches, strings singing out pleasure in pure, golden notes. Or, as it sometimes suited his mood, he transformed it into a weapon of psychological torture, making it squeal and shriek like an animal being messily slaughtered by a nervous teenage butcher. The music soothed his busy mind. The noise distracted him. And on occasion the violin simply gave him something to do with his hands - a noble, life-saving purpose in the three hellish weeks when he had quit smoking for the fourth (and likely not final) time.
"Shhh," Sherlock shushes, and their lips brush together. Taste of John on his tongue already just from their closeness. Molecules of John Watson, the composite of him, underneath Sherlock, writhing and vibrating beneath him with desperate electrical energy.
“Yes, you have to stay overnight for observation,” Sherlock reminded him. And then, a sudden flare of panic that perhaps John really did have amnesia - “Remember?”
His body is a wasteland in the aftermath, drained of all its energy. It is working on remembering the basic biological functions, his breath hot and heavy on John’s skin, John’s breath against his.  He collapses on top of John, blanketing him with his body. His mind is blissfully quiet for the first time in a very long time, and he closes his eyes to enjoy the silence, his forehead pressed to John’s cheek, both of them slick with sweat.
“Let me buy you another,” the stranger drawls, in a voice too close and rough in that same too-close way, so that it feels like stubble grazing over the back of John’s neck. John nods, smiles sure, playing at older - like the dregs of caramel liquid in his glass are whiskey and not cola.
“All right,” John said, dubiously. He placed the piece of glass back on the floor. Sherlock continued to squeeze Bubotubers, perfectly at home in a hazardous work environment where they were surrounded by glass and gastropods.
I couldn’t make myself write Sherlock-san or Sherroku-senpai or John-kun, so please imagine that if you want ;;;;
John was very glad that Sherlock seemed to finally learn some sense in the last five seconds. His whole voice changed and he managed a quite contrite, “I’m sorry,” which made Madam Pomfrey soften. It would have been awfully boring in the Infirmary without Sherlock, especially since John was to stay overnight for observation.
“Right. Let’s just wash it off, then!” Harry said, and she shook her head. Her words were a bit too loud, and they came out a bit too fast. “This might sting a little.” She splashed seawater over John’s arm, scrubbing at the blood. John tensed - would she see the bite that Sherlock had left on him? And would she believe him, if he said that he had only gotten bitten by a very small shark?
.  It was a hateful little word that Sherlock so despised because he had none and had no need for any. He had Billy, he had Mummy, he had Mycroft (in both owl and brother forms), and in these, all the social interaction one could possibly need. For one brief moment he’d entertained the thought of having a real, human friend for once, a foolish idea that had been wisely abandoned the second that John had turned that predictable, dull look of despair onto him at the Sorting.
John sighed and opened his eyes wide so that Bill could assess them for himself. “See? Nothing evil going on, okay? But I think you’ve given me a headache now.”
"You have some interesting old friends," John remarks later, after Irene Adler has wiggled her black-clad curves away. Irene Adler, or as she is more infamously known, school-wide, and most likely, county-wide: The Woman.
Sherlock felt the music well up in, pour out of him, flood the room with effortless, fluid grace. He was playing better than he ever had before. His body thrilled with the attention, and the open admiration in John’s face sent a sharp spike of pleasure directly to the dopamine receptors in Sherlock’s brain.
The way John sucked him now, motions restrained by his position, unable to use his hands, his mouth reduced to another hot, wet hole for the using - it was like he’d been born for it.
John wondered what else he could possibly be in trouble for, and whether he should try to see if the squashy sofa could swallow him completely.
It drove the air from John’s lungs like a piledriver. They’d barely done so much as a blowjob outside of the bedroom. An image hit John of what they’d look like, fucking half-naked on the sofa like this, John twisted round and tied up in his own clothes… Hung panting between desire and uncertainty, he caught one of Sherlock’s wrists and held his eyes.
“No!” John said, making a swipe for the camera. Sherlock stepped back to avoid it, forcing John to collapse back into the armchair.
Something skittered behind him. John turned, suddenly, but there was nothing there. It must have only been the dry, fallen leaves scratching across the pavement.
"Sherlock," John says, tugging at his arm, his shoulder, trying to turn him towards him. "I...I promise."
Sherlock very carefully shifted his hand behind John’s back, so that his fingers curled, just at the edge of John’s hip. John sighed and shifted in closer.
“John?” she tentatively asked the quiet room. She didn’t want to wake anybody. No need to get all worked up for no reason. She pushed the door all the way open. The room was empty, moonlight shining onto a little bed with the duvet thrown off. The sheets were wrinkled, the pillow indented with the recent shape and weight of a small blond head.
Tomorrow they will head to Bilke’s Western Museum before they leave Kansas. It’s filled with antique bits, spurs, saddles, and all sorts of other cowboy things. Jesse James robbed the bank across the street from it. Maybe John will pick up another souvenir.
Busy day today! I'll be catching up on comments slowly <3 Thank you everyone thus far for your interest and engagement, it's been very exciting and fun to have discussions with you!!
Then Gregory Lestrade, Gryffindor Prefect, sat down next to him on the sofa and that marginal feeling of betterness seemed to twist and flit away. He held his breath and waited for the inevitable Lestrade Lecture about just how many House Points they’d lost and how difficult it would be for Gryffindor to take the House Cup this year.
From his spot on the branch John could see several things: firstly, that the room was huge, secondly, that  Sherlock appeared to be hosting an indoor yard sale. Clutter and junk sprawled over every surface: a cage meant for some sort of large tropical bird, an aquarium full of laboratory glassware, and what appeared to be an attempt at building a rudimentary aircraft - or at least it was some sort of hover machine.  Lastly John could see the idiot himself, who was currently attempting to suffocate himself with his face buried in the pillows and a blanket piled just over his head.
Sherlock looked at the clock; if he took the time to explain slug mating habits and reproduction and their overall lack of familial structure and relationships, they would miss the window to actually add the slugs to the potion and their potion would be ruined. And if John worried about every Horned Slug they came across in Potions, he was bound to fail the entire course.
“I suppose it’s adequate enough,” Sherlock said. He was eying John’s mouth, and the indecent way John was currently running his tongue over his top lip. “May I one day, with any hope, recover fully from the retinal damage.”
“I don’t have anywhere better to be,” Victor shrugs. “Is it true that you moved in with him the day after you met him?”
“Get out,” Jeanette said, buttoning up her blouse rapidly. “Get out of my house and get out of my life. I never want to see you again.” She missed a button but John kept his trap shut about it.
John goes pink when Sherlock picks up the pictures and glares at them. Sherlock knows that look; usually he’s the one causing it.
John turned away from Sherlock, looking out into the night. Why wasn’t he home yet? The houses looked familiar, almost exactly like the ones in his neighborhood, but for some reason he couldn’t think of the name of the street.
“If that’s a new pet name I’m havin none of it,” he finally decides, after a moment. “Also, yes, judging by the sign you are standing next to, we have crossed state lines and are now, officially, in Oklahoma.”
“Shhh,” said Bill, snuggling into his pillow. “Go to sleep, sweet little John. Rest your pretty baby angel head and don’t worry about a thing.”
The October night rushed in, with its cool caress, the rich smell of wet fallen leaves. The crisp dark night with its smoke-whisps of clouds and all its stars. John shivered at the chill of the wind; his skin prickling with delicate goosebumps.
“Give him detention,” Sherlock demanded. “You can do that, can’t you? Give him detention in the Forbidden Forest with raw steaks tied to him.”
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned,” the Head Boy continued. “We have what you might call a… complicated relationship.”
“Well, Sherlock?” John asked, turning back to him. He had a hopeful look on his face, blue eyes trusting and wide. It made Sherlock want to smack it.
Not so much as an eyelash flicker. Well and truly asleep, then. Quietly, he set down his violin, but something stopped him from immediately turning the camera on John.
"Sherlock," John says, eyes on their hands together. Sherlock’s hand covers his, practically engulfs it. Sherlock watching as well, the fascination of his fingers over John's, the size difference between them, John's small hand on his dick. John's eyes, wide and dark, flick up to his face. He is licking his lips again. "Sherlock, I want to...I want to see. What it looks like, when. When you come."
John leans up for a kiss. He’s stopped by a hand on a chest, Victor keeping a careful distance between them.
She went back to her novel. She was trying to be interested in the sordid escapades of Veronica Valance and Captain Blackheart aboard the Burning Passion.
It was still new enough to startle him. Every time brought back the first time, with Sherlock’s long, deceptively big fingers inside of him, dextrous violinist’s fingers playing him, while John squeezed his eyes shut and writhed and panted on the bed, wanting to close his legs, wanting to keep some of his dignity and the self-control that was being stripped from him till he felt more naked than he’d known was possible.
- until the sky started to lighten and the birds began to chirp, and exhaustion claimed her at last.
The entire room reeked of cigarettes and alcohol. That immediately recognizable smell of stale whiskey, layered in with the damp, rotting odor of mildew. Mold experiments grew in petri dishes covering the desk - rich cherrywood with the corners all chipped.
“I’m just saying,” continued Sally, “You can’t keep a buncha kids locked up at night and never give them any freedoms. It’s not natural.”
He knew the song she was humming; she’d been listening to it just the other night. The words floated easily to the front of his mind:
“Don’t be silly,” said John. “Where else could I be?” The words sounded hollow and blank in his own ears.
Everything had been in that moment. Everything was in this moment. And then, and now, each of them thought,
“Fine,” he finally said. “You may keep your slug in the bedroom as long as it remains as far away from your bed as logistically possible,
John was a terrible lush. His predilection for alcohol showed in the false euphoria it gave him, how he found the slightest cliched wordplay hilarious, and how, horrifyingly, it even made him
“You’re the most unreal girl I ever went with,” John said. It was not nearly enough. He could not express his gratitude, nor his feelings for her. They had been genuine, but also not enough.
John wakes up, shoulder aching and leg aching from having spent the night all twisted up on the sofa, and the other half of his body completely numb from having someone else’s body crushing him. His skin is sweaty, sticky and hot in all the places that they’re pressed together.
” for those who found themselves out after curfew, although John rather thought it would have been just as creepy to spend the night in the church as it was to make your way home in the dark.
Hogwarts had a library that was so grand that John thought he’d only be able to find the proper word to describe it if he looked it up in one of the books found there. Walls upon walls of books stretched, seemingly, to the heavens, all of it lit by both candlelight and the sunlight filtering through the intricate glass windows. At a certain time of day, depending upon the season, the sunlight struck the glass just right, so that it scattered little diamonds of rainbows all over one’s books and scrolls. In the summer this happened in late afternoon. In the winter the snow piled up in the corners of the windows, and the fires burned in their fireplaces, and the room held a certain rosy light that reflected the sky outside.
His eyes caught the moonlight, sleek shine of silver. “And I know that’s not all you’ve been hiding.”
When he looked down he could see Sherlock’s dark head bent over him, making soft wet satisfied groans like an animal at the kill. His tongue, his mouth was everywhere, licking and wet. It was, it was, licking him, somewhere - so secret and dirty that John could never have comprehended it. Sherlock’s tongue all over his thighs and then in between his cheeks, at his -
John crosses the floor to take Victor’s face in both his hands, and he kisses him. Victor opens his mouth to speak, and John kisses him again to shut him up, kisses him silent. He kisses him until Victor is kissing him back, is pulling him down onto his lap, mouths meeting and parting until they are both quietly out of breath.
It’s obvious when John is going to come, his movements more frantic, his breathing gone ragged, teeth scraping against Sherlock’s open palm. Sherlock presses down with his hand, his other hand sliding into the golden strands of John’s hair, fingers tangling, tugging. John squeezes his eyes shut and gasps, body arching up before he completely buckles like a bridge collapsing. Sherlock bites the back of his own hand when he comes, as if pressing a kiss to John’s open mouth that travels straight through the flesh.
Around the area of nothingness in space there is a mathematically defined surface known as the event horizon: the point of no return.
John slumbered peacefully on. Sherlock listened to his breathing, felt the rise and fall of his chest against his body. He found himself humming along, unthinkingly, to a song on the radio. The tune was very familiar.
He was gone in the next moment, and when he returned he had that clicking black monstrosity in his hands.
This continued on in this order - a Gryffindor, a Hufflepuff, a Slytherin (John could have guessed that one, that boy looked awfully suspicious), Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, Slytherin, with Sherlock guessing and John guessing, too, but Sherlock always got it right.
The light will glint around them.  And right then, right now, they will both suck in a breath and hold it.
I thought so,” John whispered, leaning in conspiratorially, with one hand raised to his mouth. “But don’t tell Socks that!”
All John remembers about that day is that the sky had been grey. It had all passed over him in a grey haze, and then it was over before he knew it.
John sighs. “No, nothing like that. It was Mrs. Hudson. Our landlady. She’s asking me to drop by our flat to help her move some things. I know I need to do to it, but...”
He pulls John's peepers off and sets them aside on the nightstand. "Do I look blurry without these?"
The touch, the closeness makes them frantic, skin to skin with jeans still on and the bed beneath them. Heat like molten iron inside of him, starts up right between his legs and shivers in his stomach and in his core and the whole of him on fire, his prick hard enough to fuck through steel. John moaning against him when he feels it, not saying stop now when Sherlock palms him through his jeans, kneading and massaging his cock. Hand around Sherlock’s wrist like he wants to push him away but instead he just holds and squeezes.
Sherlock's hands were on the cheeks of his ass, covering them, massaging them as if they were sore. “It’s all right to whine,” he said, thoughtful, considering.
Mike lived close enough to the library. John could probably make it there before curfew. Maybe. But that was in the opposite direction.
“You could have,” Sherlock agreed. “But, eventually, you would have let me catch up to you. Half of the fun of being chased is the possibility of being caught...”
Sherlock scraped his teeth against the trembling skin of his stomach. “I think I’ll need to hear you say it again.”
Enough. Sherlock would not stand for being cast aside in favour of Bond movies, especially not in his own home.
A slow smile spread across Sherlock’s face, sweet honey-drip slow, smooth as cream. His eyes half-lidded with satisfaction. He stretched, shifted, practically preening.
“You’re not going to get expelled,” Mike reassured him, “But on the off chance that you do, can I have your bed? I rather like that spot by the window, it’s really very nice.”
Sherlock reached over and pushed the passenger door opened for him, in invitation. John could see his long white fingers tapping on the steering wheel. He slid into the plush passenger seat, sinking in a little, and tugged the heavy door closed.
Out there, beyond them both, was the quiet, empty street - devoid of life because of curfew. John thought of how he knew all the neighbors’ names and how they all knew each other’s business, how he knew everybody at school and everybody knew him, and how small it all was. It had been that way for as far back as he could remember, and would continue to be that way for as far as he could see.
“You need to stop coming here,” John said, one last desperate attempt at reason. His hands were on the ledge as he pleaded his case, leaning towards Sherlock even as he beseeched him.  “My life was fine before I met you. Now I don’t even know who I am anymore.”  His voice sounded small, even to himself.
John went around to the back of the car; the trunk had already popped open, like a waiting mouth. It was large and empty and deep, and it could easily fit something like his bicycle, or, say, a body, especially that of someone his size.
Taken from his home Monday night. The front door was locked from the inside. There are no signs of forced entry. Mother was working a night shift at the local Sweethaven town hospital. Sister was purported to be at a friend’s house the night of the disappearance. Father does not live with family; whereabouts unknown.
He gives himself a few strokes for the sheer pleasure of it, spreading his own precum down the shaft. John watching him, mouth slightly open - he’s never seen this before, not with Sherlock, not with anyone. Sherlock presses that same hand against the willing plushness of John's mouth, smelling of musk, tasting of his salt, his sex.
Come dinner time, all the empty seats at the Gryffindor table had, predictably, not-so-mysteriously disappeared by the time John made it to the table. (Bill offered, generously, to let John sit in his lap). Fortunately, John had already decided to take his dinner to the Gryffindor Common Room.
What he did not deserve, however, was the silent treatment from Sherlock, of all people. For four days Sherlock did not answer his private line. John, as a last ditch effort, called the main number for the Holmes household, (
Sherlock took John’s hands by the wrist and pinned them behind his back as if John were under arrest. John gasped. Or maybe he moaned. He thought that they could certainly be arrested for what they were doing. They were guilty of a number of crimes. Homosexuality. Public indecency. Lewdness. Sodomy. Well, not that last one, not yet.
Sometimes he thinks they are running from some dark pursuer, sometimes he thinks they are running towards some bright horizon. All he knows is that he can’t stop running. If he does, he might look down, he might find that his hand is empty, and that he has been holding on to nothing at all.
The dog barked ferociously at something unseen. The banging grew louder, and louder still, knocking on the house.
John looked at her, the porchlight in her hair and the moonlight in her eyes, and thought of how delicate she’d felt in his arms, and how she was a good girl, and he was a good boy, you see, and he said, “Then we shouldn’t wake them.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said, and gave an exaggerated moan, “I do so love it when you talk interior design to me. That’s so
“It’s not unusual. Up to 9% of first years report homesickness,” Sherlock informed him. “I should miss my mum more, I think. Only I have Mycroft, and he’s about the same as having a mum around.”
There were no obvious problems until he saw Sherlock at the roller rink. And then he recognized his car at the drive in. And again at the ice cream parlor.
He went around to the side of the house, guarded by neatly-clipped hedges. He found Sherlock’s window. Well, he was fairly certain it was Sherlock’s, and not Mycroft’s. He picked up a small pebble, and threw it. His aim was slightly off; it ricocheted like a stray bullet off the vinyl siding.  John concentrated on the next one, and wished with all his might that it would maybe break the window and perhaps hit Sherlock on the noggin. The pebble struck square in the middle of the glass.
People whispered about Sherlock when he walked through the halls. Sherlock pretended not to hear, but John knew that he did, because Sherlock’s hearing was sure to be very good. It was how he picked up clues. And even if Sherlock didn’t hear, John knew that he could look at you and he’d know exactly what you were thinking, and if you were talking about him.
He did not understand. He could not understand, and although the shaking eventually stopped, the feeling of wretchedness stayed with him, still, for quite a time afterwards.
In the middle of the table, serving both as a dish and a centrepiece, was a realistic human skull - which, upon closer inspection, appeared to be made out of sugar. It was displayed face-up, fractured on one side, hairline cracks spidering out in a delicate web from the point of impact.  Jam seeped out, sticky and dark red, between some of the larger cracks.
John rounded the corner to find a mysterious figure down near the end of the hall, his back to him. His silhouette stood stark and striking, the sunlight a glowing corona around his dark robes.
Sherlock shoves his jeans down halfway, too frantic and hormone-suffused to be graceful about it, to take them off properly. His dick throbs with fresh near-pain when he has it out in his hand and he looks at John panting beneath him, eyes wide and half-stunned, watching Sherlock with both nerves and anticipation.
“No,” Sherlock replied. “It takes some time. But you can only look at tidepools after the tide’s gone out.”
Sherlock props his feet up on the bed and smacks the pack of cigarettes against the palm of his hand to get one out. “Your mother isn’t widowed, although she tells everybody so,” he observes. “She’s divorced. Being widowed is the easier story; it allows for more sympathy, less questioning. That’s why you moved here, isn’t it, to get away from him?”
Sherlock had seen bodies more destroyed than this; scenes far more gruesome, far less fresh. He had smelled a body left to rot for three weeks in oppressive summer heat; he had smelled much worse than the warmth of fresh blood and shit that filled his nostrils now. And yet he retched again.
“I would never put it on the internet,” Sherlock lied easily. Well, he certainly wouldn’t flash it around; those were
“Sherlock!” John tried to chide. He was sure he was smiling too much for it to be taken seriously. The little giggle he had at the thought certainly didn’t help matters.
He was likely to bleed to death in this cold, empty alleyway, in pain and alone. This was also obvious.
The cross was the right way up. It had, of course, always hung the right way up. As John looked up at it, he was overcome with the unnerving sensation that he was being watched. The cold prickle on his neck, spider-legs of dread crawling up his spine.
It would probably take five minutes, at the most, to bring John to the edge again. Maybe not even that. The right thrust at the right angle, an errant touch to his dick, a harsh twist to his nipples, and he’d be right there, keening and anguished for something he knew he couldn’t have.
, giggling like a schoolboy around a mouthful of beef and broccoli, and Sherlock had snorted tea up into his sinuses, there’d already been nothing they needed to say.
His fingers stroked through John’s hair, gently petting. John shuddered and pressed into his touch. Their eyes met and Sherlock was struck with a bright awareness: the touch of John’s hands, his fingers sliding gentle and calm on Sherlock’s skin, the texture of callouses in contrast with that of softer, less-experienced skin, the delicate scrape of a single rounded nail, the fibres of the fine fabric of his own shirt brushing against his skin with movement. The texture of John’s hair between Sherlock’s fingers; the too-smooth oil slide of it from dried sweat. The flutter of John’s lashes when he blinked, the movement of air between them when he breathed. Everything was in this moment.
John scoffs.  Loudly.  “Ta, I did know that.  In addition to being the father of a toddler, I am a doctor, after all.”
His voice trails off to a whisper at the end of the sentence and his heart aches in his chest so much that he leans forward and presses his lips to the mottled skin of one of the larger marks on Sherlock’s spine.  The detective doesn’t gasp but rather his whole back shudders beneath John’s lips, to the point that John can’t tell if it’s one breath that stutters throughout or a series of tiny breaths that can’t quite all piece together.  By the time John pulls his lips away from Sherlock’s warm skin to rest his forehead on the detective’s back again, Sherlock pants in tiny gulps of air.
“And tonight, all I could think was what would happen if you were really hurt.  What would happen if he managed to stick his knife in you somewhere that wouldn’t leave time for medical help?  I … just couldn’t see past how I seem doomed to be helpless while the people I love die in my arms.”  He looks up to where Sherlock is sitting, legs pulled up to his chest and arms wound around them, his bare feet and old pajamas and posh dressing gown all at odds with each other, expression miserable and lost like a frightened little boy.
sake—please don’t throw your life away just to look clever in front of strangers.  It’ll never be worth it, in the end.”
“A five at best,” John finishes.  “You can solve a five in an afternoon.  Without leaving the flat.  So why all the effort to come out here, especially when you were obviously so unhappy about making the trip?”
“A few?” John asks.  His fingers skim over some of the more prominent marks on Sherlock’s back.  He stops counting at nineteen.  “This is more than a few weeks’ worth, Sherlock.  There’s
The months at Baker Street that follow John’s return prove to be a profound mix of elation and bafflement for Sherlock.  Having John back in his rightful place is a joy so acute that a telltale tightness pinches behind his sternum every time Sherlock allows himself to stop and give it active thought.  They are orbiting each other as they once were and it feels as if no time has passed.  He refuses to stop and consider this too often, not only because it makes him unforgivably maudlin but because he knows that even John could recognize the symptoms of peculiar affection if given enough opportunities to see it.  The last thing the detective wants to do now that he’s just gotten John back is unsettle him enough to give an excuse to “get on his feet” with his own flat.  Especially given that this would also remove the littlest Watson from Sherlock’s immediate sphere as well.
John gapes at him for a few seconds before he recovers and his face is a calm mask of compassion again.  “You’re right; I’m sorry.  Not my business.”
“I dislike assumptions, John,” Sherlock cuts in quickly.  “Gross generalizations seldom apply to me.  Labels exist simply to help define the world for less able minds and only serve to jam people like me into a box that rarely fits.”
Using the most gentle and professional tone he can, he explains about the importance of thorough and careful preparation before anal sex, the possibility of tears and such, and then praises him for coming in to see a doctor right away if he suspected there might be something amiss, hoping that it might ease some of his embarrassment and encourage good sex practices in the future.  The boy blushes the entire time, resolutely staring at the floor, but nods and occasionally murmurs a few things that show he’s paying attention.  John turns his back to put on gloves as the boy drops his trousers and pants before laying down on the exam table.  He jumps as John prods gently here and there but more from surprise than pain, as far as John can see.
He gestures forward with his right arm and Sherlock takes the cue, reaching out to take Rosie from John.  Out of his peripheral vision, John sees Sherlock’s eyes widen to the size of saucers when John flicks the towel open just enough to give just a fleeting glance of his cock and balls before he wraps the towel securely around his waist and tucks in the ends.
John hadn’t noticed that Sherlock stopped breathing until the detective’s chest rattles with a few large gulps of air, making him wobble backwards into John’s supporting hands.
John clears his throat and pulls his jacket over his lap when he realizes that he’s got another erection blossoming with embarrassing speed in response to his train of thought.  Jesus, when did that sort of thing even become something that appealed to him?  However confident he is that he has never been attracted to any other man enough to even be a blip on the radar, his blood sings in his veins just thinking about shagging Sherlock.  And now, now he’s even getting worked up thinking about being fucked.  He’s never before found the idea of being penetrated the remotest bit arousing – and he’d had more than one adventurous girlfriend who’d offered fingers or toys – but God, his heart races just thinking about it.  Some weak protest echoes in the back of his head that he’s not gay (really, he isn’t) but that seems to matter less and less with every passing second in the wake of what he’s starting to feel for the world’s only consulting detective. Christ, maybe Mary was right.  Maybe Sherlock really is the exception to … everything.
Not unexpected but a question he’d fervently hoped to avoid.  However much he tries to hide it, John is deeply discomfited by the question but seems incapable of quashing his curiosity.  Even though he knows how this is going to go, Sherlock tries to deflect through feigned ignorance.
John chuckles.  “Decent start then.  Why don’t you—” John flicks his head in the direction of Sherlock’s room, “—collect what you need and I’ll finish up in here.  Molly’s coming round for Rosie at two, so should give us plenty of time pack a few bags before we set off.”
He bounds down the hall towards the loo and throws open the door.  “John, I thought it was going to be a three, four at most, but it’s definitely—”
“Sorry about that,” John says with a grin as he shakes her hand.  “Not sure what’s gotten into him but … well, it’s nothing new.”
“Sorry, gents,” the blonde woman manning the desk says with an apologetic expression.  “It’s been a big weekend, seeing as how it’s Christmas in a few days.  Everyone home for the holidays and all, so we only have the Attic Room free.  It’s a double bed and there’s a couch in there, so hopefully you can make it work?”
John visibly startles at this, as if he only just realizes that he’s not sexually active and hasn’t been for some time.  “Not at all.  But you’ve just said—”
A voice on the other end of the phone that is distinctly Not Mycroft follows after a light clearing of the throat.  “Mr. Holmes, good evening.  I believe I have just the thing for you.  I’ll be in touch with details from my office tomorrow before lunch.”
“Stupid, stupid!” Sherlock goes on, his normal baritone pitching up with uneasiness.  “John knows I would never do anything to hurt his daughter; never!  Don’t you, John?”
The jagged marks and circular ones down the small of his back and across his hips both look like … “Burns?  But with different,” he clears his throat, “mediums?”
Rosie gazes up at the doctor balefully and jams her whole hand in her mouth.  The doctor smiles as she takes John’s hand and gives a few firm pumps but he doesn’t miss that her sharp hazel eyes travel over him then Rosie then Sherlock, all in the space of the handshake.
said that Baker Street is and always will be your home, so you barely even needed to ask.  That hasn’t changed and will not change.  You’re not just welcome here, you belong here.  You always have, from the very beginning.”
A tightness spreads through John’s chest and he has to close his eyes for a minute.  “Well, I always think it.  I always have.  Likely always will.  Guess I just need to say it out loud more often.”
It takes John twenty-seven minutes to stop hyperventilating and stumble back down the stairs where he finds a discarded violin, a missing coat, and an empty flat.
“We’ve barely been living together six months,” Sherlock goes on, clutching at John’s hand, “but I wanted so much to show him I can be good with her, that he can trust me to look after her and—”
“Well,” Sherlock says, playing as if he’s pondering the matter, “she has me around, after all.  Perhaps it’s nurture instead of nature.”
John’s throat hitches but he nods.  “Actually, I slept just fine.”  The silence sits heavy for a second.  “Thanks for staying.  It helped.”
“Serbia,” Sherlock says again, his voice uneven.  “All of my intel had suggested that the operation was small and crudely organized – a baron with more delusions of grandeur than brain cells – and that I would be able to dismantle it quickly and quietly.  I neglected to take into account that occasionally Mycroft’s information might be sometimes days or weeks old, depending on the source and the danger, given the fact that we could only be in contact so often.  I managed to dismantle the surface level of the organization but it was messier than I expected and I had to flee.  A safe house that I’d thought would be available and secure had been raided the previous week … they knew I’d be coming … I had no  choice but to flee into the woods and … obviously, I was caught.”
Sherlock sits up so swiftly that John startles when the detective leans far into his field of view.  “John, stop.  Stop this.  Neither one of us has treated the other as well as we should, and I’ve told you it’s fine, I des—”
Sherlock gapes at him and John resolutely applies himself to laying the last few stitches.  The detective winces a few more times as John works – little wonder; his typically peerless focus under stress is shot to hell – but Sherlock doesn’t comment.  John crouches under Sherlock’s lifted arm to place the last few, grimacing and batting at the dangling cotton of his mangled shirt sleeve that keeps darting in front of John’s line of vision.
“Thank you … Eva,” he says as he leans over the counter to spy her name emblazoned on the pin just above her left breast.  “Sorry to keep you up so late and to be such a bother.  We really appreciate you accommodating us despite the hour.  I promise we’ll be model guests from here on out.”
maybe) of John’s naked skin.  He sits at the other end, slick from the bath and clusters of bubbles clinging to his arms and chest in odd places; rivulets of water run down from John’s hair which he has pushed away from his face, dripping down his chest and back.  The thread-bare yellow flannel never seemed quite so small before but now seems woefully inadequate to the task of covering John’s—
He hears it in Mary’s voice, merry and teasing and reproachful all at once. He jams the disc in the tray of his laptop before he can convince himself not to.
Sherlock gestures to John with his mug, crossing one long leg over the other.  “You have the patience to let my tea come to the right temperature and yet you can’t stand to wait for your own to cool.  As ever, John, you are positively an
John hums thoughtfully at the response.  Everything about the boy’s tone says that while he’s comfortable enough to talk to John, a doctor and total stranger, the chances that he’s going to be comfortable enough to speak to his partner seem slim.
John grits his teeth.  “This is why you wouldn’t let me look at you.  This is—you wouldn’t let me help you bathe after the gunshot; you made me treat that knife-wound through a curtain of your ruined shirt; you used to swan about in a sheet and now you’re glued to your dressing gown.  You—this is what you didn’t want me to see.  You didn’t want me to know.”
“This from the man who had the both of us literally leaping across building rooftops and chasing a serial killer the day after I met him.”
“But John, I—” Sherlock curls his arms in front of his chest as if protecting himself from John’s inevitable rejection.
“Never a truer word spoken,” John confirms.  He pauses, regarding Sherlock with a fretful gaze again before he asks, “Dinner?”
o	Late January/Early February(ish) – Rosie born (extrapolated from discovery of pregnancy in May, approx. 7 months of pregnancy)
Also, just as a teaser, the installment after FTMOB is going to be at least 90% smut.  I'm serious.  Feels and smut and feelsy smut and more feels and more smut.  Because reasons.  So thanks for reading and please stay tuned.  Subscribe to me as an author or the series as a whole to stay updated.  ^_^
John trails into silence, gazing up at Sherlock in the golden beam from the street lamp outside (when did it get dark enough for a street lamp?).  Sherlock feels himself wavering forward onto the balls of his feet, leaning towards the end of John’s sentence.
“Uh huh,” he confirms.  “And you feed her?  Bathe her?  Dress her, change her nappies, play with her when she laughs, rock her when she cries, put her down to sleep—”
Rosie reaches out a chubby fist and grabs the air in John’s direction but the detective and the doctor are both between them so he can’t quite reach her.  When John lifts a hand, Sherlock takes it in his own and lowers their joined grip to Sherlock’s own thigh, stretching out his hand for Rosie to grip.  She clutches it tightly as the doctor angles her neck to get a better look at the patch that has now sprouted a three small blisters.  They aren’t large enough to give serious concern; John recognizes this as a doctor, of course, but as a father, the sound of his daughter crying out in pain at the examination has him clamping his fingers around Sherlock’s as he tries to maintain a stoic face.  Sherlock’s hands are the only parts of him that react: an open palm for Rosie, which she grabs at greedily, and a tight compression to match the strength of John’s grip.  The doctor
He mumbles a response that John doesn’t catch.  A few twitches of his muscles are Alex’s only response as John applies a bit of antibiotic ointment with a numbing agent and then he allows Alex a little privacy to put his trousers back on.
John stares at the hands he has clasped in front of him.  “That’s the weird bit: I wasn’t even thinking of Mary until the words came out of my mouth.”
His heart pounds in his chest when Sherlock wanders into the kitchen in just his dressing gown, curls damp from his recent bath.  He jumps when Sherlock rests a hand on his shoulder as the detective reaches around him for the marmalade, a cloud of fragrant, humid air from the bathroom still following in the detective’s wake and sending John’s senses into high alert.  The man went to bloody Buckingham Palace in a sheet and John barely turned a head, but now it takes nearly ten solid minutes for John’s pulse to go back to normal, scowling into his cereal bowl all the while.  An accidental brush of Sherlock’s fingertips across the back of John’s neck make him suck in half the oxygen in the room while the detective gives one of his theatrical speeches that John has taken to calling “The Great Reveal” – although Agatha Christie would probably call it the dénouement – earning him a questioning (suspicious?) glance from Lestrade that John doggedly ignores.
A puff of warm breath leaves John and strikes Sherlock’s pale back; he watches the detective lean back towards the source of it.  John can’t seem to stop himself skimming his hands across the back of Sherlock’s arms to run his fingertips over all the scars, a whisper of contact over each angry mark.
“Anything above a five is far too dangerous, John,” he says.  “Too much chance that one of us would get hurt or made into a target.”
He’d been perfectly content to leave it at that, ready to turn back and finish the tea that’s probably cold by now.  John forgets momentarily, however, that children are unpredictable and have a tendency to expose hidden things that adults are afraid to let out into the open.  John is halfway back to the kitchen when the little squeak of voice startles him.
, and worse yet, he has absolutely no concrete evidence to support either train of thought.  He strides across the room and picks up his violin, hacking away at the strings atonally for a few moments before deciding on a piece.  Something energetic and violent, he thinks, to give vent to his anxiety and agitation.
A startled chuckle rumbles Sherlock’s chest as John leans forward slowly, giving Sherlock plenty of time to dodge away if he wants to.  He doesn’t.
Sherlock regards Rosie with a fond smile on his face and when he lifts his head to include John, the expression is so warm and unguarded that it staggers John.  It feels as if Sherlock has cracked open a tiny window into his heart and where John expected to find a single lit match he found a bonfire.  He’s so overwhelmed by it that he actually moves back a step or two, his smile wobbling as he has to reposition Rosie on his hip.
A tiny hysterical part of Sherlock demands that he sit down this instant and figure out how a dead woman is still sending him video diaries no one seems to know about nearly a year after her death, but Sherlock knows that it would be useless: Mary’s too good (
Sherlock scraped his teeth along the sensitive skin of John’s throat and then bit him, at the junction of neck and throat, teeth sinking in for a moment. John cried out, arching his head back, chains jangling as he pulled at them suddenly. Sherlock sucked a harsh kiss over the mark he’d left there, deepening the bruise. John’s hips moved uselessly, seeking him out for friction.
“Mum says I’m still growing…!” John said, indignant, but he allowed Sherlock to help him, slowly, to his feet. Because Sherlock wanted to help, and John was not the type to deny help from his friends when it was offered and given freely. Sherlock wrapped an arm around his waist, and John leaned into the other boy, taking strength from his support as they made their way to the Infirmary together.
A chill still lingered in the room despite the fact that the window was now shut. John turned away from the window, slid into his own bed, and it wasn’t until he had pulled the blankets over himself that he realized that he’d forgotten to draw the curtains closed.
John shook his head adamantly no, shaking, bouncing on Sherlock’s lap, whining and whimpering through his gag. Sherlock rubbed a thumb over the smooth black surface, pushing it gently against John’s tongue, as if encouraging him to suck.
John follows Sherlock down the staircases, one flight after another, deeper and deeper into the earth. A cool draft is blowing as if the wind is following behind them; a whistle in a well. The temperature in here is about ten degrees cooler than outside. John had always thought it would be hot underground; a childhood misconception gleaned from his Aunt Aggie, who frequently terrified both John and Harry with tales of the eternal fires of Hell burning beneath their feet.
Only he was much bigger now, and Sherlock wasn’t Harry, and his smile had a glint of something even more mischievous to it. There were things John was aware of: the softness of the forest floor beneath him, the weight of Sherlock on his hips, Sherlock’s hands on his wrists, pinning him down -firm, though, not too hard, because this was only play.
The keening sound that tears from John's throat is a single golden note of arousal and unhappiness. He arches his chest up into Sherlock's manipulative fingers, both hands clutching at Sherlock's back, his whole small body shivering violently. "Sherlock," he says, near tears, "Sherlock, just do it, touch me, please."
He reluctantly pulled his covers back and swung his legs around; the wooden floorboards were cold underneath his toes, and creaked as he put his weight on them. It was real, solid. He stared sleepily, for a moment, at the square of sunlight on the floor, before shaking off the haze to get ready for the day.
John considered this. He really didn’t see what was the big kerfuffle over kissing girls anyway, most of the ones he’d met he would never ever want to kiss, not in a million years. And if any of them were like Harry, he
“Where are we?” John asked, sudden and sharp. “What street are we on? I should have been home a while ago. Where are you taking me?”
him, oh god he misses him, misses him so much that he’s sick with it, he has eaten his grief and he is nauseous with it and the noise in his ears is like the roar of gunfire and the feeling in his chest is crushing his lungs and he can’t fucking breathe --
Sherlock’s mouth at his throat, nuzzling, scraping his teeth, chuckling at John’s gasp, the keening sound he made, as if to say
“So, then,” Sherlock continued, “What actually did occur makes far more sense - that perhaps I was walking out of the library, and you, having just recently come from Charms with your failing exam results, found me an easy target. You pushed me down and then proceeded to taunt me, ruining my homework in the process. A crowd gathered. John came to help. You, however, continued to persist, shoving John to the ground, a poor decision that ended, pleasantly, with his fist in your face.”
“I hope they executed the decorator responsible for these crimes against humanity,” Sherlock said. “I hope he was decapitated and his head placed upon a pike for the crows to pick at, as a warning to all future school dormitory decorators.”
“That’s weird,” John giggled, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “I thought only boys and girls were supposed to kiss.”
“I dunno,” said John, because Mummy had said that places covered up by pants and bathing suits were private, and that meant they weren’t to be shown to anybody. Except Mummy and Daddy saw those parts all the time, when they gave him baths. “Mummy says I shouldn’t.”
“You have those?” John said. His breath hitched with the way that Sherlock’s hand was moving. “News to me.”
But then John thought of his Mummy’s face, all sad and crying. Daddy would be sad, too. Maybe even Harry would miss having someone to boss around.
John is thinking on her curves, her beguiling beauty, her sultry voice. What anybody thinks when they think on Irene Adler. The womanness of her, perhaps. The rightness, some might say. Her seductive allure.
John wondered what he should  be looking for when he was looking for signs of The Evil. He suspected that he should catch Sherlock doing something horrible, like torturing puppies or something, but as far as he knew there were no puppies at Hogwarts. As for the other pets (
And underneath the covers John’s hand moved and wrapped around himself, unable to keep from touching himself although he knew that it was sinful and wrong. Although they’d taught him in Sunday school that God was always watching, although Momma had always told him to “be a good boy, John,”  he thought of the heat of Sherlock’s hands on his thighs spreading them open, how Sherlock’s fingers gently but insistently gripped his flesh, the press of Sherlock’s leg right
It wasn’t right, that particular feeling of pleasure, the warmth, the tripping increase of his pulse, at such simple words and approbation.
Sherlock puts a hand on cool stone and commits it to memory; the stone used for the well casing was brought in from the Medicine River, 12 miles south from here. John thinks about Sherlock’s hand on his heated skin in the dark, committing John to memory. Sherlock’s skin looks yellow in the light of the lamps mounted on the wall, his cheekbones thrown into sharp relief. He shouldn’t look good, but he does, and that’s Sherlock for you.
Sherlock wondered, as he did sometimes, how much of this John actually wanted, and how much of it was because Sherlock needed it, just this. With John’s body warm against his, John’s mouth open and welcoming, John’s tongue rubbing, slick and wet, and Sherlock with his heart thundering in a way it didn’t after he killed a man, he found it difficult to care.
“Oh,” says Harry. She bites her lip, and John hears the conversation from yesterday morning in the way she lowers her lashes.
Sherlock thinks, privately, that he could probably make John like anything he wanted, but that is a terrible thing, and instead he turns the engine on.
“I know you think this is all very amusing, Watson, but you need to listen to me,” Bill huffed. “I’m just telling you what everybody knows. Arawn Ilex was skilled in wandless Legilimency. He could look at you and in a second know everything about you, go all the way deep into your mind and discover all your secrets and your desires and secret desires. And even though you don’t believe me, everyone’s seen Sherlock do exactly that!”
"Look," Sherlock says, casting an eye about; the parking lot mostly empty, but not entirely deserted. Practice has just let out, after all. "You want to do this, we'll do this. But not here. Not right now. Get in the car, and we'll talk."
“Mummy, why are you crying?” he asked her, in his familiar little voice. His breath was formed by small lungs that were not filled with water.
And Mycroft had forgotten the raw steak part of the punishment, which was the true stroke of genius.
pictures. He liked archiving them, sorting them, cataloguing them all for his own edification. There was a part of him that enjoyed organisation. The fact that he enjoyed showing off was barely a consideration.
A syrupy heat lay along John’s shoulders, seemed to trickle down his neck, dripping slow down his back and along his spine. A slithering heat roiled in his stomach. Guilt hung heavy upon him.
“Mm hmm,” said Mycroft. “So the incident where a certain someone set her robes aflame, that was an accident, then?”
he felt a flutter in his tummy that he didn’t understand. He wouldn’t understand for a while yet. Not until Sherlock Holmes pressed him against the lockers one hazy afternoon in late September, years later. Then suddenly, everything was illuminated.
John’s erection twitches in response, leaking precum down the length of it. The receptors in his brain are flooding with adrenaline, stupidly unable to distinguish between pleasure and danger. Each one enhances the other. He arches back, a ragged whimper spilling from between softly parted lips, flushed and swollen from harsh kisses. The light cotton of Sherlock’s shirt slides against his bare skin as Sherlock fucks him, a smooth sort of friction along his spine. The frission of feeling along his spine, every thrust slick and right. Sherlock’s shirt is already damp with sweat, combination of Sherlock’s and his own, the two of them melding together. The pressure on his throat is heady and ever increasing, and each breath becomes harder and harder to take.
They were not coming, help was not coming, and she had lost him, she had lost her boy, all hope was lost...
A busy thrumming inside of him. John bit his lip.  He felt himself all wound up, like a top about to spin out. Nobody could stay in this state forever; it was madness. And he could not help looking down at Sherlock’s mouth, remember how it had felt to have those soft lips pressed against his own, that heart-curling warmth and pleasure, how it might feel, if they could do it again. And again. He wanted to find out.
John nodded, and held back that needy-sounding moan when Sherlock began to kiss down his spine. Sherlock was murmuring to himself like he was listing off each of the muscles as he kissed them. He had done that before; said he was tutoring John in his anatomy. Trapezius.  Supraspinatus. Teres. Latissimus. Obliques. Gluteus.
There was an uncertain moment where all boys involved internally debated whether it was possible to deny that an all-out wizard’s battle royale had been impending. Perhaps they could suggest that they had only had their wands out as a friendly start to the new-fangled popular schoolyard game
He also looked ridiculous in the general way that Sherlock had always looked, all dark curls and long limbs, skin like alabaster and eyes of indeterminate colour; those features that were off-putting in one light and then unearthly in another. No one could possibly look like that, and the familiarity of it all made John feel like his insides were being wrung out.
Sherlock pulled back once more and shoved his cock back in hard, claiming, taking what was his. John cried out, pushing back against him. The bed shifted and rocked with the rough movements, headboard knocking against the wall with rhythmic thudding, chain sliding and clinking against his back in quick percussion as he fucked John the way he had been wanting to, yearning and craving and simply
“Pouring one out for my fallen Holmies,” he says, with complete and utter solemnity. John laughs so hard at the absurdity of it all that he falls off his stool. Victor laughs so hard at John falling off that he falls off about ten seconds later.
Sherlock grumbled. “But I want to keep Rachmaninoff - the slug - in my room, next to my bed. I need to be able to observe him whenever I like and the Common Room is too busy and full of people always and that’s too distracting for me. And Trevor will probably mess with him if I keep him out in the open. It is very important that Rachmaninoff stays in my room. It is imperative. In the name of the pursuit of knowledge. For magic.”
Out of the corner of her eye, Hazel spotted a flash of white. A large bird with great dark wings, white on the underside, was flying overhead. It disappeared from her field of vision and then reappeared again, as if it might be following them.
That feeling that had been brewing, churning inside of him since the start - it was longing. He’d never given it a name until now; he hadn’t known what to name it. He knew he should not have felt such things, yet he could not help himself feeling them.  He could not help the thrill that shivered through him, nor the echo of pleasure in its wake.
John was up to his chest in the water, giggling and splashing. That was not the sight that stopped Hazel dead in the sand.
be an expert busylips,” John said, not just a little judgmentally, and then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
He looks at John the way a spark must look at dry, crisp kindling, while the kindling begs to be set aflame.
“Maybe I want you to dirty me up,” John said. Three buttons of his crisp shirt were undone, and, holding Sherlock’s gaze, he flicked open another one.  He liked the way that Sherlock’s breath caught, the way he looked at John like he shouldn’t have done that, which made John glad that he
Sherlock likes John on top of him, clutching and desperate, the weight of him slight and they fit into each other like one gear into another, working each other, each one making the other turn. He likes him underneath him, and that’s where he ends up next. John caged in by his arms and pinned down, struggling and wriggling, pushing back but never hard enough, never meaning it, and, like the little idiot that he is, never actually trying to escape.
“Okay, remember that bet we had to see who would crack first?” John rubs his eyes with the heel of one hand. “I think you need to pay up.”
The woods were strangely quiet; no birdsong in the trees, no buzzing, insect hum, only the too-loud sounds of John’s panting breath as he came down from his laughter.
John is going to get neck strain from looking up, Sherlock says. Sherlock would also like him to stop taking pictures that are angled directly up his nose.
The week leading up to John’s birthday was the worst. “John’s letter hasn’t come yet,” Harry would crow as she checked the post. “I’ll bet he’s just a
An image arose, unbidden: himself seated on Sherlock’s lap, Sherlock’s hands upon him, hands sliding down John’s chest, his hands gripping John’s thighs, John allowing himself to be spread apart, Sherlock’s mouth upon his neck-
John stroked his fingers over the flat plane of Sherlock’s stomach, stroking the flesh he’d just exposed. He was smiling at Sherlock in a way that made Sherlock want to bite him.
“When my mom was a little girl,” said Molly, “There was no curfew and everybody could stay out as late as they wanted. But things happened.”
“I need to hear all about your cases, all of them,” Victor says. He’s leaning in over his empty cup of coffee, dark eyes fixed on John’s face.
Deep inside of him, and then, a sensation that flashed through John like lightning, like brightness and electricity and storm inside of him, making him shiver hard. And then again. Mewling sounds escaped him. Too much sensation to be embarrassed, couldn’t think with Sherlock’s fingers inside of him, couldn’t comprehend with Sherlock’s mouth upon him.
Victor finds the remnants of an experiment on the kitchen table: a rack of test tubes growing a variety of green and orange substances. The yellow post-it note on it declaring “EXPERIMENT. DO NOT DISTURB” (in Sherlock’s most forceful writing ) has been disturbed. The microscope is still set up, although whatever was on the slide has grown fuzzy, forestation sprouting out beyond the borders of the glass slip.
John shuddered, made another sweet sound for him, and tried, bless him, how he tried. Sherlock watched, enraptured, as John strained to lick with his mouth already stuffed full of cock. He hissed at the feeling of the flat warmth of John’s tongue fluttering lightly against the underside of his cock, attempting to lick and only managing the tiniest of laps, almost tickling the base of his cock.
“Well, of course you don’t know what a movie is,” John said, “But don’t wizards get comics? You have got to have comics, at least.”
“Yes,” Mycroft agreed, “But I assure you that my room does not pose a severe health hazard to myself, my Housemates, and potentially the entire school.”
“I despise hats!” Sherlock announced to the world at large. Indeed, he had declared a war on hats three years ago, when Mummy had wanted him to wear one for a family portrait. So Durmstrang was out, then, even if they
Sherlock, with his hands on John’s shoulders. A frantic skitter of a thought: the drop that trickles down the back of John’s neck - is that water or sweat?
“Maybe...maybe we can meet up at school?” John suggested. But he’d never seen Sherlock around school before, surely he would have noticed someone like
That last word, that dirty little word, nearly whispered, a secret between them. Those words in John's voice are all Sherlock needs, really, with the sight of John watching him so hungrily. He tenses, groans deep with satisfaction, and then spurts white over both their hands, splattering droplets on John's bare stomach.
He serves them both bacon and eggs - scrambled, with cheese, sprinkled with some dried herb seasoning John vaguely remembered buying - garnished with parsley; side of stewed tomato and toast. “You
"I wouldn't be so sure of that," sneered the unmistakably snotty voice of Carl Powers. Sadly, he was completely Healed to his regular, crummy self, and on his face was a normal nose, not even the slightest bit bumpy or wonky. The only consolation was that Carl did have a fairly funny-looking little face, as far as faces went, with ears and hair all sticking out. It was not nice to note that, of course, but then again, Carl Powers was not a nice boy, and John supposed that it was all right to note when not-nice-people were not-nice-looking.
“Sherlock Holmes is here?” Bill said, and glanced around in fear, as if he expected Sherlock to apparate behind him at any moment. “Where is he?”
John, dazed and caught out of breath, lips swollen and wet, did not react quickly enough for Sherlock’s satisfaction. Of course, anything less than immediate was far too long when Sherlock was aching with want.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Sherlock. “First of all, slugs, Horned or otherwise, are not capable of emotion, and secondly, they’re hermaphroditic.” At John’s blank stare he informed him, “They’ve got both boy and girl parts.”
“No, no, you don’t,” Mike said kindly. He paused, thoughtfully, and added, “And even if you did, you would sound like a manly girl.”
“Hey!” John called up, pelting pebble number five. “I know you’re home, you jerk!” Pebble number six.
It was such a relief, then, to see Bill and Mike wave him over, although the moment he sat down, there was a noticeable shuffling noise as students shifted down the table, away from him.
There's no hesitation, not from John, who - once a decision is made - throws himself full throttle into the fight, pulls the trigger with a steady hand. John's tongue, laving over his palm, wet and lush, warm and slick, wetting it with his saliva. Sherlock wishes he could see it better, catches only the tease of it between his fingers, pretty and red, hot wet velvet lapping up and down the digits.
Slytherins be mean,” said John. “And I’ve seen a Hufflepuff be mean, and I know Ravenclaws can be mean, and today I punched a Gryffindor for being mean. And I followed Sherlock for a week and I didn’t see him do anything evil at all, really, and he took me to the Infirmary and then he stayed. He sat right here with me while Madam Pomfrey made me better.”
Wishes he could stay in this place forever, spend his days and nights like this fucking John over and over. He can't last. He can't. All things come to fruition. Eventually the reagent is used up. He sucks a harsh kiss against John's throat, his thrusts speeding up, forceful and greedy, consuming. He fills John with his cock, over and over again.
They don’t see what Sherlock sees. The flicker of hunger lurking beneath the good-boy veneer; the lick of fire in dark blue eyes. Sherlock reads him real easy; in their shared glances in the hall, John’s lingering gaze on his leather jacket, his tight blue jeans. John’s face like a Russian flag when Sherlock catches his eye and smirks, knowing.
“Here,” Sherlock said, as he shimmied up out of the water. He held out one wet little fist. When John held out his open palm, Sherlock dropped a small stone into it, only a little bit larger than a pebble. It was smooth and round and shining with wetness. At first glance, it was a pale blue, but then it looked grey or possibly green, depending on how John held it in the light.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, a little breathless. He pushed himself off of John, and John got himself up, and that was when he saw Sherlock examining himself, hand running down his own...tail.
He would not have been surprised even if a tumbleweed had rolled by. A herd of them had broken loose from the Greenhouse last Thursday, after all, and were now roaming the school, wild and free.
The petroleum jelly warms to something viscous between his fingers. He presses just one finger against that tight little hole; a moment of resistance but one finger slides in easily, John's body hot all around him. John's brow furrows with the odd feeling, a look of confusion. "Sherlock, that's weird," he says, and then gasps when Sherlock bends to gently lap at the head of his cock as distraction.
Nausea overwhelmed him in rolling waves, as certain and as inevitable as the tide. He retched once and vomited what little was in his stomach - half a sandwich: prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, bitter greens on croissant - eaten earlier that day, mostly water. He retched again and heaved dry, and shook, and could not stop his shaking.
“Sherlock-” John said, strangled little sound. But it was too late, now, to say stop. He’d agreed, hadn’t he? He had moaned and he had nodded, and even now he was hot all over, and hard, twitching wet at the strange slippery sliding feeling, in and out.
For some reason, the way Sherlock said his name made John feel a pleasant little tingle, in his tummy and shivering up his chest.
By the time John says, “Wait, where are you--” Sherlock has already shut the door behind him, and John has no choice but to follow.
The children talked about their time in the garden; John said that he had seen at least five ladybugs, but Harry had him outnumbered with seven butterflies. They were all amused by a story about the Peterson’s young billy goat jumping his enclosure and wandering his way into town.
“Rules,” Sherlock scoffed. “If you cared about rules so much, then we’d never have met. And who wrote these rules, John? What committee? Or was it a person?  And why? Awful convenient way to control young people, don’t you think? Keep you all locked in and out of trouble. There’s so much you’re not allowed to do or see. You wonder why. I know you do.”
“Nobody knows,” said Molly.  Her voice hushed even further. “And there was this family in her neighborhood, the Smiths, who just up and vanished. All of them. The dad, the mom, their two kids, even the dog, all whisked away in the middle of the night. They didn’t say that they were going away.  Their car was still in the driveway. There was no sign of a break-in or nothing. The door was locked. But the really weird thing is that the lights in the house were still on and dinner was on the table, like they’d vanished in the middle of whatever they were doing. ”
, although the white was admittedly more off-white over time, not as soft as he used to be from several washings. “Be careful with him,” he warned.
Stained glass windows lined the walls of the church on either side, depicting the 14 Stations of the Cross.  All around him, Christ was betrayed, stripped, tortured, crucified, resurrected.
He laughs a little. “So you see, John, in terms of failing him...it could have easily been me. And then neither of us would be here right now.”
The chocolate biscuits were rather good, thought John later, as he settled in with his cup of tea. He looked over at Sherlock, who had methodically combined the creme fillings of all the biscuits he’d been given into one large creme-filled Frankenbiscuit, and was now attempting to dunk it without much regard for the mess. Even Carl was quiet, busy stuffing his mouth full of biscuits and occasionally spraying crumbs everywhere.
It possessed that comforting smell of old books and knowledge, the way that all libraries do, and it was magic, as all libraries are, only this being a magical library, it was particularly full of magic. John felt at home at once.
“There's not much to tell…” said John. He was, after all, perfectly normal. He went to school and played sports and had a few friends that he saw after school and on the weekends.
It was only a movie, but the rising terror in John’s throat was real. Fear washed over him like black water, bubbles rising up to the surface; he imagined his own mouth open in a silent scream. His heart pounded-
The older boy poured into the room like a shadow - motions graceful and fluid. When he stood up he seemed to unfold; he was shockingly tall. His mere presence enveloped everything. He took up the corner where he stood, making John’s room appear suddenly too small. John gasped, in spite of himself, instinctively taking another step back. He’d never seen Sherlock at his full height before. He hadn’t expected him to be so much, well, bigger, on top of everything else.
Sherlock rolled him over, so easily, as if he weighed nothing at all. Post-release John felt himself strangely light; head full of heat and air. The feeling inside like he’d been hollowed out. He ached, all over, with strange little pains as he was shifted and moved, on his chest and stomach and a throb on his inner thigh. But Sherlock had only   kissed-
Sherlock huffs a bit of a laugh and flips to the second page John left.  It’s nothing but a list of usernames and the beginnings of sentences which takes Sherlock a moment to parse as a screenshot of forum post links.  Every single listing on a page of at least thirty items – with numbers at the top to indicate that this is the first page of fifty-seven – of postings by people who identify as demisexual discussing how this affects their lives.  Sideways along the margin, John has written again.
John’s face changes from one of confusion to the more predictable expression of frustration.  “What are you on about?”
Scowling at John, Sherlock directs his gaze back to Rosie and now seems agonized to admit, “She called me ‘Papa’.”
John stared at him, frozen, the spoon sagging forgotten to the table where it left sticky little puddles of honey.  He looked a bit shell-shocked, but his pupils were blown so wide Sherlock thought he could probably see John’s retinas if he just looked closely enough.
” she screamed, staggering to her feet, John gathered up in her arms. Her entire front was soaked with bathwater. She struggled to open the bathroom door. “
Despite the fact that it was fairly mild out that Sunday, the heat in the church was turned up full blast. The radiator had broken last week and they had yet to get it fixed. From their wooden pew John could hear it hissing, a constant soft sibilance in the background, particularly loud in the brief periods of quiet between the neighborly chatter and before the prayer.
plant book with all the graphic illustrations. He thought about Sherlock telling the Bubotuber plant that it needed a better Potions partner, and the way that they had named their slug Rachmaninoff, and he bit his own lip hard.
John laughs a little when they break for air, his fist curled and resting on Sherlock's chest, his fist the size of his heart.  "Say, what’s Makeout Point actually called? I mean, really?"
