“What, AP history isn’t hard enough for you?” Dean chuckled.
“She left ten minutes ago, if you weren’t such a diva maybe she would have driven us,” Cas teased, wiping his mouth with a napkin. Dean silently cursed him for not using the napkin to clean off his fingers,
Jo sat thinking for a moment before pointing behind Castiel, he turned around and saw a few feet away Gabriel, Benny and Dean standing together, laughing. "Gabriel, I am leaving. I uh, ran into a friend from class. We're going back to his place to watch movies," Castiel said, coming up with the fib as he told it.
The party goers cheered, thrilled to think they might be able to get out of paying the five dollar admission the frat charges to attend their parties. Last year Dean learned very quickly not to complain about it when Michael asked Dean how else could they pay for kegs every weekend. Then he proudly showed Dean the brand new stereo that was also purchased thanks to the admission fee. The frat brother jumped off the table and suddenly TLC’s No Scrubs continued playing where it left off- apparently his announcement was finished.
Dean was disconnecting the Nintendo and connecting the tape player while Jo cracked open a beer before sitting on his bed.
“How will I find my classes?”
“Michael.”
Classes the first week of the semester were always boring, professor Mills let them out a few minutes early after going over the syllabus and her expectations, instructing the students to read the first chapter before their next meeting. Dean arrived to his history class early and got a head start on his architecture assignment until the class began.
“Dean, what-” Castiel started to ask but knew what he was doing the second Dean dropped to his knees in front of him.
“I’m sure that’s not true.”
“What's up suckas!” Ash shouted as he got out of his beat up car, he dragged on a backpack and hurried over to Dean.
"Can I get you a drink?" He asked casually, walking around Dean.
“You’re pizza? You’re a cashier,” Jo retorted.
“I want you,” Dean said, now pulling Castiel’s shorts down, following the shorts with a string of kisses.
“Let me show you around,” Dean said, eager to get Castiel away from the stares of his mother and little brother. Dean led him away from the doorway, past the couch and pointed to a door past the stairs. “Bathroom, and kitchen,” he pointed through an entryway. “And basement, that's where the movies and games are,” he led him into the kitchen where the door to the basement was.
“Luke? How many siblings do you have?” Mary asked.
They had finally managed to convince Charlie to go to a frat party, and just in time for Halloween- every college student's favorite holiday. With Charlie now on board to go to the frat house, Gabriel knew there was no way Castiel would turn it down- despite him never being a big fan of the holiday.
“Why would you be worried?” Charlie’s face looked more confused than before.
Dean paused a moment, debating, before he moved his lips against Castiel’s skin, “As much as I want to- and I
"Why didn't you visit her? USioux is only-"
“What did you get?”
"That won't be necessary-"
“Yeah, me. Or Gabe, or even you,” Dean bumped shoulders playfully with Cas and grinned.
"Where have you been?" Gabriel asked in a fatherly tone.
Castiel visibly exhaled and thanked Dean before placing a soft kiss to his cheek, admiring how red Dean was once he pulled away.
Sam smiled, “Thanks, Cas. You’re a great friend.”
"Hey, where's Cas?" Jo asked, looking around but not seeing him with the guys.
“What about her?” Sam crossed his arms in front of his chest.
“What the fuck?” He grunted, rolling away from Jo, and she managed to crawl over him. Dean sat up in bed, the sheet slipping down, barely covering him. Jo grabbed a random shirt off the floor and her jeans before she flicked the deadbolt on their door so the door wouldn't shut behind her and hurried down the hall to the bathroom.
“I asked if Michael was coming, and he told me he wasn’t,” Castiel said, staring angrily at his empty glass after draining it.
At dinner that evening Gabriel asked his brother, "How'd your meeting go? Classes all picked out?"
"Is it Walker?"
Wow this is it! This is the final chapter! Thank you so much to everyone who read, commented, subscribed, or gave kudos you are all so wonderful! This has been a long journey (long than anticipated) but I still have a lot of ideas for Dean and Castiel's journey through undergrad so there will definitely be more to come. Thank you so much for the support!
"Yeah, you didn't know that? There are posters hanging up everywhere about it."
“Dean tells me you’re in advanced placement classes.”
"Are you?" Castiel asked, his breath hitched in his throat during the moment of silence before Dean spoke.
“Isn’t the point of a flare gun to signal for help?”
"Hello, Clarence," Meg purred as Castiel closed his dorm door, he paused with his key still in the lock.
“Oh!” Castiel said, pleasantly surprised. “i actually like that one!” He exclaimed with a smile, snatching it out of his brothers hands.
“No he’s not,” Dean scoffed, opening the fridge to find creamer for the coffee but also pulled out a carton of eggs.
As much as Cas didn’t want to ruin the relaxing evening in he and Dean were having, he knew they had to have a conversation about their upcoming living situation. He was seated on Dean’s bed, as close to the window as he could to blow smoke outside when Dean said, “Man, next year is going to be crazy, huh Cas?”
“Jo you threatened someone?” Benny asked, for some reason he seemed shocked.
“Oh.”
“A drinking game. Don’t play if you can’t keep up,” he warned as he turned to Sam and his friends.
Mary wished the boys a good night before she went to bed, Castiel was sitting at the kitchen table with Sam, pouring over his industrial revolution project. Dean was lounged in one of the overstuffed chairs in the living room and shouted, “Night mom!” to her before glancing at the clock and noticing it was not even nine yet. He furrowed his brow and when his mom was out of his sight he padded across the room to the kitchen.
“Wait!” Cas exclaimed as he hurried towards the back of the house. He grabbed the flashlight that he and Dean had used earlier that night and when he went to hand it to Dean, Dean’s hand lingered on his, tugging him closer. Dean pulled Castiel into a hug as he told Dean to “please be safe” and the older boy nodded.
Gabe didn't have the chance to respond before Dean flung the door open, and started rummaging through his pile of dirty clothes on the floor. Cas's attention was instantly draw to Dean, Dean's bare, wet chest, to be exact. Cas bit his lip as he watched Dean triumphantly find his work shirt and throw it over his damp body, the shirt sticking to his back, exposing part of his lower back. The towel around his waist was hoisted up to his knees as Dean attempted to pull his boxers on under the towel before dropping it and straightening out his shirt.
“And I’m just having a good time, getting drunk, layin’ by the pool with my friends,” Dean said casually.
"I know so."
Bobby sighed before instructing everyone to go have a seat. “Now, my family’s been livin’ on this mountain for generations. There’s something,” he paused, “evil that lives here. We don’t know much other than it eats people.”
“You’re way different than your brothers,” Dean half-laughed.
"Out," Castiel paused and remembered the lie he told Dean earlier, "Doing homework."
"Alright, Cas and I will go check Bobby's office. Sam, you and Ruby go to the attic. Charlie and Jack you guys go to the basement. There's gotta be something around here that can help," Dean ordered before they all nodded and split up to begin searching for some sort of clue as to what they were up against, or a weapon.
“What are you doing?”
"Okay, uh, gym shorts and a t-shirt," Cas said, having to look down at himself to confirm what he was wearing.
Chuck thanked Gabe again before heading out of their room with a quick wave.
The figure behind him barricaded the front door as Sam exclaimed, “Dad!” rushing to his father’s side. John Winchester wrapped his arms around Sam and exhaled loudly in Sam’s hair. “Where’s your brother?”
"Oh, he gave him heroin, you know damn well Luke wouldn't be this way if it wasn't for fucking Crowley. And Ruby, think about her, where she would be right now. She'd be right here with you, studying biology, best goddamn friends for-”
Dean started their journey to the cabin excited, but as he neared the mountain he began chewing on his nails nervously. Sam would have normally called his behavior gross, but he was too busy sharing his iPod with his not-girlfriend Ruby who he practically begged Dean to let him bring. Before they picked Ruby up Dean complained incessantly to Castiel in the passenger seat, who looked over at his best friend sympathetically; he didn’t like the girl anymore than Dean did. Dean didn’t understand why Sam liked her, but he figured it was something to do with the rebellion sixteen year old's were attracted to. Sam and Ruby busied themselves with whatever music teens listened to, Dean made a comment about Mickey Mouse, and Sam bitch-faced while Ruby said, "Modest Mouse, dumbass." Dean and Cas shared a look that could be summed up to
Dean lingered a moment, looking down at his feet and fidgeting with his backpack. Cas turned his head around as he opened the door and glanced over at Dean, noticing that he was still standing there and smiled softly to himself before walking straight into someone. Castiel shook his head, blushing, and apologized to the guy he walked into.
“You're welcome, honey. So how long will you be staying with us?”
Michael laughed loudly, grabbing at his stomach, nearly falling over on the couch. When he finally gained his composure Michael said, “He’s a good guy. Smart enough to not room with Gabriel for another year.”
“What do you mean
"Have fun?" Dean winked, nodding to Castiel and glancing at his messy hair.
. Castiel was no stranger to the tormenting, his house was regularly egged- his mom would always say something along the lines of
“Can’t come soon enough,” Castiel rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder before turning to face Dean’s neck so he could place small kisses along it. Dean groaned at the sensation and wrapped his arms tighter, pulling their bodies closer together.
“I’m leaving!”
Gabriel turned around to face his roommate and gave Dean a look with one eyebrow raised, knowing that Dean wasn’t always the most friendly guy.
"Oh, I haven't quite figured it out yet," he responded before he felt a tap on his arm.
Cas laughed, “Hopefully.” The two stayed on the line in silence for a few moments before Cas said, “I went to see Anna in Chicago.”
When Dean got back to his room he kept looking at the time on his alarm clock while he was attempting to read from the textbook he neglected during his history class. After what felt like an eternity Gabriel got out of bed and stretched, gathering his things for class. When Gabriel left Dean sat at his desk, patiently waiting for Cas, nervously flipping his pencil and unable to focus on Imperial China.
“Not hot?” Dean asked.
“Dean, wait!” Castiel called before running after Dean, his feet burning on the sand, motivating him to run faster through the crowd to catch up with Dean. When he finally caught up Dean was standing triumphantly on cooler land waiting for Castiel. “That wasn’t fair, Dean.” He said with a frown.
After a couple pitchers of beers Ash wanted to go out to smoke, Gabriel joining him. Dean promised to meet them outside after he used the bathroom.
Suddenly, Dean was interrupted by a loud scream from outside the cabin. It was bloodcurdling, the two both jumped at the sudden noise before they processed what they had heard. After jumping out of Cas’ embrace, Dean sprinted for the flashlight on the table and clicked it on. Castiel flipped the switch for the porch light just before Dean rushed out the door to see what the commotion was. He stopped on the porch and scanned the small yard and the woods surrounding it, he swept the flashlight across the treeline, unable to make out anything in there. He called out “Hello?” for good measure. Down on the path to the main house Dean noticed one of the lights was out a bit further down the path.
“Alright, I’ll see you at 1:30 then,” Dean said as they stopped on the quad.
Dean sighed, sipping his beer, “Ash, man, thanks again,” he raised his glass up to salute his friend.
"That would be nice," Castiel said with a smile, making a mental note to hold Gabe to this.
“You've been a friggin' space cadet today, man.”
“Have you met him?” Castiel snorted.
“Yes I know, darling,” Balthazar purred, his lips attaching to his glass, ember liquid sliding into his mouth.
Castiel sighed as he sunk into the couch, the cordless phone pressed between his ear and shoulder, "I do, I miss you very much."
“It’s true. It sounds crazy but it wasn’t an animal. It was a monster.”
Castiel reappeared with that ridiculous trench coat, but it was pretty cold outside, so Dean silently excused it. Dean stood up, ready to lead the way to fresh air, because suddenly his cheeks were burning up and he felt his heart rate speed up. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt this nervous, giving Lisa a promise ring before graduation suddenly seemed as mundane as brushing his teeth.
“My date, she uh, cheated on me not long after. I made my mom throw out all the pictures.”
“I think you look hot,” the shorter girl said as Dean and Cas approached.
“Mhm,” Dean hummed, his lips planting firmly below Castiel’s ear, sending shivers throughout Castiel’s entire body. “There’s no one else in here,” he said, pulling away, making Castiel crave his touch once again. Dean’s eyes darted to one of the stalls along the opposite wall then back to Castiel before raising his eyebrows suggestively.
Dean laughed, pulling Cas in for a quick peck before he finished dressing himself and threw on his jacket. “Have a good night, Cas.”
Hi everyone sorry for the wait for the update, I've been sick and haven't had the motivation to write. Hopefully I will have more time this week. Thanks for reading!
John carried Benny out to the truck, grabbing a toolbox from the back before he returned to the house to take a look at the ski lift while Bobby and Benny drove down the mountain to the nearest county hospital. John and Dean were unsuccessful at fixing the lift, but by the time they made it back to the cabin, the police and park rangers had arrived, the flashing lights on their vehicles lit the snowy wonderland up blue and red. Charlie, Castiel and Sam spoke to the police while Jack sat back quietly, not talking to anyone. Dean overheard an officer say ‘shock’ and ‘post traumatic-something or other’ as he was speaking to Castiel, who was nodding along and looking over at his cousin.
“Where’s your room?” Dean asked, chugging his beer before continuing to unpack clothes and stuffing them in the dresser.
Just shy of a third of the cards remained untouched when the tab of the beer can opened and Castiel was the unlucky soul who had to chug the beer. He wiped the remaining beer from his mouth with his sweater sleeve and hiccuped. Directly to his right was Dean, who quickly replaced the can with a new one and drew his card to continue the game.
The two sat snacking in silence until the bag was gone. Dean looked into the empty bag then up at Cas, who was now slowly licking the cheese dust off his fingers, he sucked on his index finger and released it with a pop. Dean stared at the cheese on his fingers, and opened his mouth with the desire to ask Cas to lick it off for him. But he didn’t. Instead he asked, “Cas, are you gay?”
“Sounded like he had it comin’,” Dean said, Jen eagerly agreed with him. “No one tells Joanna Beth what to do.”
“Famous? Me?” Ash asked, looking at Dean.
After Dean got off the phone he was jittery with excitement; he hadn't seen Cas in weeks and now he was coming to see him.
Dean thought before he chugged the rest of his beer and belched before crushing the can in his palm and tossing it to the floor.
“Shuddup,” Dean said quietly, trying not to wake Castiel.
"I'm alert and aware," he snorted, planning the bottle back on the desk, accidentally knocking over a nicknack in the process.
"Un-fuckin-believable," Dean said, getting up from the table, leaving behind his half eaten plate of ravioli, and storming off.
"When would she have done that? She hasn't left the cabin. Unless it broke down," he said, turning to find the door to the lodge. The door was unlocked so Sam let himself and Ruby in, they flipped on the single overhead light, flickering as if it would go out at any second. Sam approached the desk and on the control panel noticed the emergency power button. "Try it," Ruby said with a shrug. "It's already off, what worse could happen?"
Cas rubbed his eye with his palm and turned so he was on his back, with Dean hovering above him, his green eyes shifting from the alarm clock to Castiel, still nude from the night before. Dean sighed and climbed over Cas to get out of bed, Sam incessantly knocking on the door- he had to be doing it just to annoy Dean. He couldn’t find his boxers from the night before, so he slipped on the first pair of pants he saw before unlocking the door.
Castiel wandered around the apartment for a few minutes before he spotted Jo sitting on the arm of a couch. He approached her and saw Hope and Lily crammed onto the couch next to another person he didn't recognize. Jo smiled and shouted his name when he was in front of her, she was clearly intoxicated and happy to see him. "Where's my brother?"
Jo mouthed
"You'll come?" Dean asked Castiel.
“What?” Gabriel shouted, annoyed that he is seemingly unable to finish unpacking his things without interruption.
Sam had his heart set on Stanford for as long as Dean could remember, he was so smart, he was going to make a hell of a lawyer someday. Dean was sure Sam would be able to go there on a full scholarship, the kid was practically a genius, taking all advanced placement courses, and even signing up for a college course over the summer to start getting prerequisites out of the way so he would be able to focus on the harder classes when he finally arrived to Stanford.
“And how do you know all this?”
Castiel smiled and looked down at his controller, “You’re a great friend, too.”
Castiel sighed, unable to focus on his homework and pushed his chair away from his desk, preparing to go on a walk to try to clear his head. His roommate briefly looked up at the noise of the chair scraping against the tile floor, but turned back to his book, uninterested in what Castiel was doing. He pulled on his coat and grabbed his keys before hurrying out the door, eager to get outside. He didn’t really have a destination in mind, he just hoped the chilly late January air would calm his nerves.
Benny, being the designated driver, managed to persuade Jo and Ash to leave just shy of one in the morning on the condition he would stop at a drive thru on their way home for a greasy burger at Ash's request. After finishing their game of flip cup against a couple of Michael's high school friends, Dean and Cas retreated upstairs, leaving Michael and the remainder of his friends to continue playing downstairs.
Castiel knocked on Dean and Gabriel’s door shortly before lunch started. Dean answered the door and let him in, avoiding his gaze.
Castiel did not object and hurried over to the twin bed while Dean turned the lock on his door. Cas sat on the edge of the bed, impatiently waiting for Dean. Dean pulled his T-shirt over his head and discarded it while Castiel watched with hunger in his eyes. He carefully eyed Dean’s shirtless chest, not that he hadn’t seen it before- but not in this context.
“Anyone order tacos?” Came a shout from inside.
"What do you mean 'first the lift'?" Dean asked, his voice raising.
“Who?” Jo asked, pressing the elevator down button.
Cas let out a low moan at the sensation he hadn’t felt in months. “Yes, Dean,” he practically begged, moving his hips to get Dean’s finger further inside him. Dean bobbed his head up and down Castiel’s cock, crooking his finger into his prostate. Cas moaned loudly, one hand grabbing a fist full of Dean’s hair, the other one twisting the sheets beside his head. “More,” he asserted before Dean pushed another finger inside. “More,” he said.
Jess and Kevin decided to watch before they made the commitment to play, but Sam joined in after Ash explained the rules, wanting to show his brother he’s grown up and can handle it.
“Your girlfriend doesn’t want a ride home?” Dean asked, hesitating to look at the bike rack where the blonde was riding away before pulling away from the curb.
Castiel agreed to give it a try and they got into the long line at the fried dough stand. After waiting in line for nearly 20 minutes the two made it to the front and Dean ordered them each fried dough with cinnamon and sugar. After getting their desserts Dean and Cas roamed over to the boardwalk railing and set their paper plates down on the wood rail since there weren't any benches available to sit at. “How do I eat this?” Castiel asked, inspecting the messy disc.
Sam rolled his eyes, “No, I’m serious.” Castiel looked down at the younger boy. “Do you love my brother?” Castiel stood still for a minute and his brow furrowed. “He really likes you. I’ve never seen him so happy before, ever. I don’t think he’s felt this way about anyone since Lisa and she broke his heart. I just don’t want him to get hurt again, especially by someone he really cares for.”
“I’m sleeping,” he muttered.
“Dean.”
Dean sighed, "Lisa broke up with me because you're in love with me." Castiel opened his mouth as if to rebuttal, but no words came out and he closed his mouth. "She said she was sick of pretending it wasn't true. I'm okay with it, really," Dean licked his lips. "because I know she was right- is right."
"How's it going?" Chuck asked, shimmying his bag off.
“Yeah, I don’t know why Andy thought he could actually win,” Dean chuckled. It was a ridiculous sight, Andy was defeated almost immediately against Ash, then Benny beat Ash. After Benny won, Dean tossed him a beer and nodded his head to him in a silent cheers.
“We’ll be back.”
“Uh, well, you winked when you said that. So-” Dean dug his toe into the tile floor, “I thought, never mind,” Dean shook his head and reached out to accept the notebook.
Castiel and Dean hadn’t talked about it.
“What?” Dean snapped, irritated his friend was getting too close in his personal space.
“Lisa. Charlie told me you’ve been spending time with her,” he looked at the ground, attempting to hide his disappointment.
"I'll go check," Gabriel volunteered, causing Castiel to furrow his brow because Gabriel did in fact know she was out of work and had stopped by only a few minutes before Dean got back.
He stood in the kitchen a moment, looking around at the bread loaf, mustard and ham that Michael left on the kitchen counter. Castiel stood there, unsure what to do, if anything. He was taking a minute to process what just happened,
Dean scoffed, “Shut up about that stupid van.”
Dean gulped, “Okay, good.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said, but it was pointless because Michael was already halfway to the living room, his cheeks stuffed with his sandwich.
Even though Dean was only a couple minutes ahead of Cas, he was nowhere to be found outside. Castiel figured he was most likely back at his room so that was where he headed. He discovered he was correct in his assumption as soon as he stepped off the elevator onto Dean and Gabe's floor- ACDC was blasting from down the hall. The music got louder as Castiel walked down the hallway, his heart thumping with anticipation. Cas stopped in front of the door and slammed his fist on it, hoping his knock was loud enough to be heard over the music. He waited for a minute and received no answer, so he decided to open the door and saw Dean laying on his back, tossing a hacky-sack in the air. Castiel slammed the door shut, earning Dean's attention.
After Castiel pulled out, Dean collapsed, with Cas joining him shortly after he removed the condom. Dean extended his arm to wrap around Castiel, pulling him closer as he closed his eyes, drifting off to sleep.
After the Winchester men had a dinner of boxed macaroni and cheese- because Mary was working late and John didn’t know that until after he got home from work- Dean and Sam retired to the basement as they had done almost every night since Dean came home for break. Sam held a pile of Spanish flashcards in his lap while Dean flipped through the channels, uninterested and appearing a bit more down than usual.
After kissing for a few more minutes, Dean couldn’t take it anymore, he needed more contact. He needed Cas. He pulled away and sat up to pull open the drawer on his nightstand, silently praying that there would be lubricant. He shut the drawer, disappointed and rubbed the back of his neck, “Any chance you brought lube?” He asked quietly.
“Ready,” he confirmed.
Dean said, and eventually Charlie caved.
He stared at the paperwork, knowing these questions were routine but still felt as if the woman at the desk already knew the answer. He felt himself shrink into the plastic chair, wondering what he got himself into coming here.
“Do you?” Benny asked as if he was challenging Dean. Dean bent down and pulled up his pant leg to reveal the handle of a knife sticking out of his sock.
“Oh, there’s Jess,” Charlie exclaimed, tugging on Rhonda, “We’ve gotta go, see you later guys!” She waved goodbye and Rhonda gave a small wave and a wink before following Charlie to another table.
Only moments after Dean left Gabriel returned to the room, "Are you decent?"
"See ya bro!" Gabriel said, waving, Benny and Dean following suite.
“Sammy,” Dean said, stopping his brother by placing his hands on the younger boy’s shoulders. “I know it’s not safe, but Benny and Anna are out there somewhere with this thing. I’m not letting what happened to Jo and Ash happen to them.”
“I wish mom could have dropped me off earlier, I could’ve gone to class with you!”
"Lot of homework already?" Dean asked as they stood up to put their plates with the pile of other dirty dishes.
Castiel nodded slowly, processing what Dean was saying- he was suggesting they live together next year. They had been seeing each other for only a couple months, but Castiel supposed they have been good friends and spent a lot of time together since they arrived on campus in August. “Perhaps it could be fun,” he said after a moment, earning a smile from Dean.
“Michael’s bein’ a dick,” Dean mumbled, pulling sunglasses over his eyes.
The slurp from Gabriel’s straw came to a sudden halt.
"So Charlie tells me you guys started a club."
“He doesn’t approve of Castiel’s,” she paused, “lifestyle?” She said unsurely.
Castiel was always the practical one.
As she and John prepared to leave for the Singer-Harvelle’s party she hovered in the living room doorway, “Dean, will you help me with the food?”
“I hope that doesn’t change our friendship. Because I quite like being your friend,” Castiel added.
Michael must have called out of work the day following the party because when Dean and Cas awoke they heard him and his buddies talking in the kitchen. Dean practically drank a glass of water in one sip and once Michael saw the shape his brother was in he passed him a freshly brewed cup of coffee. “Coffee?” Michael asked Dean, who nodded and wiped his mouth with his arm.
“Uh, huh,” Dean said, nodding along, not entirely listening to Benny’s story.
“Sh,” Dean covered his lips with his finger as he saw Charlie start to comment on the noise. Benny froze where he was on the ladder and looked to his friends for some indicator. Dean and Charlie began backing their way towards the path, keeping an eye on the clearing and Benny. After a minute or so of silence, Benny began his journey again down the ladder when his foot slipped and he cried out, falling a few feet until he managed to get a grip on the ladder again. Suddenly, a large, dark figure emerged from the woods on the other side of the clearing and bellowed the screeching noise they had just heard. Benny, still on the ladder, started to scramble back up it, but after seeing the movement, the creature lunged forward towards the tower. “Run,” Dean said to Charlie, who sprinted down the path, looking over her shoulder every so often to see if her friends were following. Dean started running back towards the ladder when the creature reached Benny. It was nearly as tall as he was high off the ground, and it’s jaws snapped loudly against the metal as he attempted to kick it away.
Castiel, who was still sitting by the windows jumped up at seeing movement in the trees. “Dean!” He called out without really knowing what he was seeing.
“Thank you, Jo. I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Gabe really wants to live in the Millennium building. It’ll be opening in the fall. I hear it’s supposed to be really nice.”
“You wanted them to think we weren’t friends anymore so Lisa would trust you.”
. And then Castiel couldn’t sleep because Ruby’s lifeless eyes were always watching. It didn't take long until he could still feel her gaze on him even when he was awake. Crowley promised he had something to ease Castiel’s nerves- Castiel was desperate; he couldn’t say no.
"He got a job," Gabe said with his mouth full of ziti.
“I’m enjoying them so far. My next class is drawing, I’m looking forward to it.”
With a gasp Castiel shot up, nearly knocking Dean out of the bed, “Cas?” He asked, Castiel’s chest heaving, sweat dripping down his face, he placed a shaking hand over his chest. “Cas, you okay?”
“You'll have to make me dinner sometime,” Cas teased, sipping his coffee when it had sufficiently cooled.
Rangers had been dispersed into the forest, except for the one talking to John when Cas approached Dean, “They want to take him to the hospital,” he said softly, “have an evaluation,” Dean nodded, not exactly understanding, but knowing enough that Jack had been through something hard, they all had. Dean reached for Castiel’s hand and squeezed it gently, reassuring, only for a moment before Cas bid him farewell and corralled his cousin into the police car, staring out the window at Dean and his other friends as they went down the mountain.
They shucked their coats as Cas said, “I thought it would be rude.”
“Shit,” Dean swore as he walked towards a tall cabinet. The door was jammed so he slammed his shoulder into it to no avail.
“He’ll be here soon,” Gabe lifted the camera and pointed it at Dean. “Why are you so concerned with my brothers whereabouts?”
“Dean, d’you wanna try this? I’ll check outside,” Benny offered, defeated by his inability to pick up a signal.
"No, she's working," Dean said, impatiently hitting the down button again.
Ruby grunted a response as Dean began to lead them back the way they came before they were startled by a shrieking noise coming from the forest behind them. “It’s here,” Dean whispered. Castiel pulled out the bottle of lighter fluid and readied himself to squirt it at any moment. Dean started up the blow torch, the flame flickering a hot yellow-orange.
"It reminds me of Halloween," he said before grimacing slightly, "It tasted a lot better on Halloween, though."
“Yeah, I know, Cas.”
“What?” He exhaled, holding the joint out to his brother.
“Well?” Dean asked Castiel when him, Jack, and Sam made it back to the cabin. Cas just shook his head and pulled Dean in for a tight hug, Dean wrapped his arms around the younger boy and gripped him in the back of the head, whispering comforting words. Castiel pulled away from Dean’s comforting embrace, knowing he had to give the same comfort to his cousin. Charlie was holding Jack as he blankly stared ahead, then Castiel came over and wrapped his arms around both of them.
"You don't have a last name?" Dean soon realized who he was speaking to and wondered what he had done to deserve a horribly awkward conversation with his boyfriend’s ultra-conservative uncle.
“Do you think they’ll make it there okay?”
Dean took another bite of his burger instead of replying.
“You’ve never had fried dough?” Dean exclaimed and Cas shook his head no, “Cas, you’ve been missing out. It’s heaven!” He said dramatically.
“So um, when should I get the notes from you?” Dean asked, rubbing the back of his neck, embarrassed that he spent a significant portion of the class gaping at Castiel and replaying their kiss from the night before over and over in his mind.
“You just did.”
“I know. Thank you, Dean.”
"I'm not switching advisers just because you don't like a professor!" Castiel exclaimed, annoyed Dean was still trying to tell him what to do.
Castiel did not mention the incident again, especially why it happened. Not that he had much of a choice- despite being next door neighbors he barely saw Dean for the next month. John forbade Dean from taking the car to and from school, so Mary usually dropped him and Sam off before work, often too early for Castiel. Dean usually wasn’t leaning against the lockers chatting with Charlie and Tessa, instead Cas heard he had been hanging around Lisa Braden and her gaggle of cheerleaders. He hid his sadness, not well, but avoided the topic of Dean whenever Charlie or Tessa mentioned him. Castiel still attended debate club with Sam, who seemed oblivious on any matters regarding Dean. He didn’t say anything to Sam, but he knew Dean had retreated because he didn’t want to be associated with the gay kid any longer. Dean didn’t want his family’s property to be damaged,
"Fine, but it
Dean, Benny, and Gabe eventually made their way back over to the couch where Jo, Hope and Lily were still sitting, giggling at a couple arguing nearby.
“So, Castiel, what do you think so far? Of the school I mean,” Jo asked, trying to get off the topic of pizza, knowing Dean could spend hours talking about food.
"You been here before?"
“They’re definitely gonna bang tonight,” Ryan said, nodding his head after he filled his cup from the keg.
“Did you hear me?” Gabriel asked, appearing in the doorway of the room Dean and Castiel chose. “Nevermind,” he quickly added.
Dean groaned loudly when Sam finished his homework and asked if they could order a pizza before their friends came over. “Dude I work at a pizza shop! We have pizza at least once a week!” He had a tendency to bring home leftover food that was never picked up, or the individual slices abandoned under the heater. After smelling it all shift, eating it was the last thing Dean wanted to do. But when Sam asked and gave Dean his pleading puppy eyes, Dean was unable to say no, and just mumbled under his breath before picking up the phone.
"I don't pity you, I'm genuinely sorry that happened to you," Castiel said, his blue eyes meeting Dean's, making Dean feel even more vulnerable. “You didn’t deserve it.”
“To the guest house to see if Anna’s there,” Jack replied eagerly.
“Weird, though.”
“And you think I am?”
Benny strained his neck to look into the trees as best as he could, but saw nothing besides pine needles and tree trunks, “Negatory.”
Warning- this chapter contains some homophobic slurs.
Castiel realized that Dean clearly wanted to save the talking for when they arrived to their destination, so he followed Dean in silence. He pulled his trench coat closed when a breeze hit, and thought to himself that Dean’s leather jacket must be very warm. He imagined the leather was soft from years of use, the lining probably smelled like Dean, musky from a mixture of his cologne and Dean’s natural odor.
“Oh, I am so in!” Dean exclaimed, ready to have some adult-ish fun after spending the past two months with his teenage brother, only occasionally hanging out with Jo and Ash when Ellen wasn’t working those two to the bone.
Gabe informed him that Castiel had yet again stood them up for dinner. Dean would never admit to his roommate but he was starting to miss the guy, this was the longest the two had been apart since the semester first started. Castiel really took his studies seriously.
“Dude it's,” Dean picked up his alarm clock, “Six thirty.”
“Uh, you didn’t bring any?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow. Even while Castiel was here his eyes still had the glazed over, lazy look they always had. Dean wasn’t sure when or how but he assumed Cas was getting high.
Dean groaned, “I’m sorry Cas.”
“Dean, you didn’t,” Sam warned as Cas asked, “What do you mean?”
Dean woke up what felt like only minutes later to Sam slamming his door open to greet his brother. “You’re home!” He exclaimed.
Castiel shook his head, ashamed with himself as he stared into the bathroom mirror. His red eyes stared back at him, dark circles sagged heavily, and his hair was matted to his head. Castiel looked like crap. He hadn't showered in three days, and had slept maybe only a couple hours here and there after his high wore off. His chest had crusty patches of semen. He nearly shuttered at his reflection, it hauntingly resembled Luke, he had to turn away and turn on the shower.
“Jack-” Castiel narrowed his eyes at his cousin.
“So this is your,” Castiel paused, “baby?”
“Meg. I don’t know her last name. I think she’s a sophomore.”
Sam sighed and pinched his nose, "It must have broken down. It's not running. I tried pressing-"
Gabriel said, “He’s really taken to you, go easy on him.”
“What’s up your ass- or isn’t?” Gabriel asked, not looking away from his borderline pornographic sports magazine.
They found Benny out on the deck, as Hope said. "Hey! Good to see ya friends!" Benny exclaimed, jumping up from his plastic seat to clap his hand on their shoulders.
"She's right," Benny said and when Dean gave him that read as not now he added, "but you did already say that."
“I was with a friend,” Castiel stiffened as his brother rose out of his bed.
“I didn’t know there was a pond near campus,” Castiel said, observing the water, barely paying attention to where he was walking.
Castiel shot his brother a glare that unfortunately did not set him on fire, while Dean sputtered over his meal before shooting Gabe a glare that matched his partner’s. “Okay that’s enough,” Dean interjected as his friends laughed hysterically.
“Yeah,” Dean stammered. “I’m sorry, we’re friends I don’t want to ruin tha-”
Dean shrugged, “He wasn’t happy but he wasn’t pissed.”
After the two finished their lunch and Gabriel placed his coffee mug in the dishwasher, Castiel said, “So what is there to do in Miami?”
"That's my baby bro!" Gabe exclaimed proudly, getting his brother another drink. He then spotted Hope in the other room and clapped his hand on Dean’s shoulder. "Keep an eye on him, will ya."
"Charlie's a lot of fun, you guys would really like her."
“I mean when was the last time you got laid?” Dean was not going to justify that with an answer, he just popped the lid of his beer and took a sip while Michael continued speaking. “Seriously, we’re on spring break dude, and you haven’t brought a single chick back here. You’ll never see these girls again. You’re Dean Winchester,” Michael said, smacking the back of his right hand in his left palm for emphasis.
“We’ll teach you!” Jo exclaimed.
“She’s,” he paused, staring out the window, “easier to talk to about that sort of thing.”
“Missed you,” Dean muffled into Cas’ neck.
“Where is your friend going to sleep?”
“Jack, I’m eager to go look for Anna too,” Castiel said, “but Dean’s right, we need to wait for their help.”
“Your Dean is quite fun,” Anna giggled, leaning towards her cousin and tilting her head in the direction of Dean, “I can see why you like him.”
“Oh, yeah no biggie,” he said before taking a bite of his burger.
Without the sound of his alarm clock, Castiel woke slowly, his mind lagging and still attempting to process whether his dream was real or not. He finally opened his eyes as the sun began to warm his exposed arms and as visions of Ruby’s smiling face faded he rubbed his face back into the pillow; not wanting to come back to the reality without her.
“Gabe's brother was nice enough to bail us out-”
Charlie practically squealed with excitement from behind the security desk when Castiel entered the lobby of the dorm, “Hi! How was your break?” She asked eagerly, removing her feet from atop the desk and spinning around in the chair as Castiel set his backpack on the floor beside her purse.
“Yeah, even I think it’s a bad idea,” Ruby agreed with Sam.
"Pipes probably frozen."
Jo scoffed before sitting back on the bed, “We’re not that serious.”
Castiel frowned, "I still do not think she would do something as hateful as that."
“Shut up,” Sam whined.
“When we get to the tower, we climb the tower and make a commotion to draw it out of hiding. When it comes out and gets to the base of the tower we set it on fire and stay up there until the fire goes out.”
"Spend some time with you without your brother?" Dean laughed, "Fuck yes, Cas." Castiel laughed, placing a soft kiss on Dean's chin.
“Yes, it is.”
"Yeah, pretty much."
“Oh yeah?” Dean asked, feeling an overwhelming sense of relief that his boyfriend was out of town, not that he was purposely avoiding him.
Sam shrugged and couldn't think of a rebuttal so he pushed his hand down on the button then hopefully turned to peer out the window. Ruby shook her head and continued looking around. "Maybe Dean can fix it," Sam said hopefully and Ruby didn't say anything, figuring that a ski lift was likely a hell of a lot different than changing the oil on his car, but not wanting to point that out when Sam was clearly becoming distressed. Instead she turned to face Sam and put a hand on his chest, leaning in for a kiss. He pecked her on the lips and tried to move away but Ruby had moved her arms around his neck, pulling him in closer, nuzzling into his neck, placing wet kisses up towards his chin.
“You mean your dorky little brother?” Dean asked.
Castiel smirked, "I was hoping you'd ask."
“Yeah, yeah, we had to take the bus.”
The drive to Cas’ favorite sushi restaurant was silent save for the sound of Motley Crue on the radio. It was as if Dean had suddenly forgotten how to talk to Cas, his best friend, his boyfriend. Cas was sitting in the seat beside him, staring out the windshield like his usual statuesque self, unbothered by their silence. Tonight was the night. Dean was officially taking his boyfriend on a date. They were going to a fancy sushi restaurant, Dean was wearing the sweater his mom made him wear to Christmas dinner, he was going to tell Cas to get whatever he wanted no matter the price, and insist they get dessert when Cas politely declines. After they leave the restaurant was Dean going to walk him to his door and kiss him goodnight?
“We’ll be back at school soon,” Dean said hopefully.
“Not hammered,” Charlie said, pointing to herself, but then hiccuped, disproving her point. She frowned as she pulled a knit hat over her head.
Castiel nodded, "She's like a sister." Gabriel rolled his eyes at his brother, he was always so literal.
“These ones?” Castiel’s attention snapped to his brother, who was jangling a set of keys, then tossed it to his very hungover brother, who didn’t question why he had them. He just gathered his things and left quietly.
After a minute of silence and working up the courage Castiel said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to worry you. I should not have disappeared like that. I- I didn’t think. It was really stupid.”
As the three climbed the metal ladder to the top, a shriek came from beyond the trees, so loud Charlie nearly missed a step and gripped onto the ladder so tight her face was pressed against the ice cold metal. “What the fuck was that?”
Dean’s head was fuzzy, this was all too much information to take in at once. He came here to have a good time, not spend it in a strangers kitchen having an internal crisis over-analyzing everything.
“What?” Dean asked, blinked his bright green eyes with his lips pouted ever so slightly. Castiel’s arms found their way around Dean’s shoulders with hesitation. Dean, with his superb ability to sense Castiel’s mood, said, “Your brothers went to get food.”
Dean laughed as he sat up and placed a kiss to Castiel’s forehead before he swung his legs over the edge of the bed. “I get all tingly when you take control like that.”
Gabriel yawned and stretched, “Give me five,” he kicked his legs over the edge of his bed as Chuck asked, “Dean, Cas?”
"He's in a fraternity, he blends right in," Castiel snorted.
Dean and Benny ignored her, knowing she knew the answer as they searched the ranger post for anything that may be useful. Benny sat down at the desk and began fiddling with an old CB radio, trying to see if it still worked. “Charlie, do you have service?” Dean asked, pulling out his phone and not seeing any bars. He attempted to send a text to Bobby and to Ellen as a test, but both messages continued reading as ‘sending’ for a minute by the time he locked the screen again.
"So how 'bout that drink?" Dean asked with a grin on his face as he shook his hands dry.
“I spend most of the days searching the wanted ads, so yes.”
Dean eyed him as he shut the door behind him. Cas had dark circles under his eyes, and his nose was red and raw.
“Because you were sleeping with my girlfriend!” Benny pushed back.
Mary frowned slightly, "What do you mean, Castiel?" She looked nervously between him and her oldest son, clearly concerned it was something Dean did.
“I just like to keep my options open,” Dean lied with a shrug, looking down to avert his eyes from his brother, knowing Sam was able to see right through him.
Bobby set Charlie down once they were all inside and he pulled her into a hug, squeezing her so tight he lifted her off the ground. His large hands were firmly cradling the back of her head. “Charlie, baby, are you okay?” He asked when he finally pulled away.
he thought before pushing through the crowd to them. Dean inched away form Castiel as much as he could (which was not much) when he saw Gabe approaching them.
Castiel nodded, “Of course I do, Dean. You did what you had to do to get justice.”
“It is, and we might run into more trouble.”
“Uh, yeah. He just put it there,” Dean said, making it up on the spot, hoping Michael would believe him.
Castiel stopped just before exiting the kitchen and turned to face his brother, “You know, Michael. I have had it with the gay jokes. It’s beginning to get old, why don’t you get some new material.”
"Tell him! He definitely likes you."
“Do you?” Dean asked, rubbing his thumb along the small of Castiel’s back.
“Good,” Castiel said, relieved that Dean would not abandon him after hearing this, unlike some of his so called friends from high school.
“Yeah this one just came out, last one Dan went to hell!” Sam grinned before putting the book on the counter. The bell to the store rang, and Castiel appeared, a plastic bag sticking out of one of the pockets on his trench coat. Sam stared at the comic the whole ride home, eager to get reading.
“Cas, I never thought it would be bad. I just thought it would be awkward.”
“Absolutely not, Cas. Promise,” Dean said before finally licking his fingers clean. As much as Dean thought Cas was hot, and was more than tempted to kiss him on a number of occasions Cas was right. He liked being Dean's friend, and Dean really enjoyed being his friend too.
Dean scoffed, “Shut up, you two are a match made in heaven- or hell,” Charlie smacked her friend in the chest before laughing maniacally.
Dean just grunted in reply and eventually gave up changing the channels when he realized he went full circle and was back on what he started.
Castiel sat up and crawled over to grab a bottle of lube and a condom, giving Dean a view of his ass, the end of a bright blue butt plug visible. “Cas, is that?” Dean didn’t finish his sentence, Cas wiggled his ass and looked back at Dean, passing him the condom and lubricant. As Dean prepared himself, Cas pulled the toy out and placed it back on the table and laid out before Dean. Dean eagerly grabbed his boyfriends legs and pulled him in closer, kissing him before slowly pushing inside.
"Awesome! We'll be there! Right, Cas?" Dean eagerly grinned to Castiel who nodded hesitantly.
“That would be nice. Just let me put these back in my room,” Castiel said as he practically jumped out of his chair and gathered up his books.
Dean's last final exam was unluckily on the last day of finals, causing him to stay on campus two extra days than most of his friends. He could have gone home and commuted to the exam considering he lived in the same city, but Dean knew himself; he knew if he went home and smelled mom's home cooking and laid in his own bed there would be no way he would be back on campus for an eight AM exam. When the hell did Dean Winchester become so
"That explains why he wasn't in the group chat," Castiel said quietly.
“Awesome? You think I’m awesome?” Mary placed the dish back in the sink and turned to Dean, glowing with an ear-to-ear grin. It’s not everyday a college-aged son tells his mom she's awesome.
“He sounds like a real dick,” Dean said.
“Well, you got any other ideas?” Dean was met with silence so he replied, “Thought so.”
“That’s absurd, Gabriel,” Castiel said, shaking his head.
Dean laughed, “You interested in architecture now? Joining the family business?”
“It happens Dean, it’s not right, but it sometimes happens.”
"Gonna have to piss in the snow," he said with an amused tone.
“How ‘bout we have breakfast first, then if you aren't poisoned I'll make ya dinner,” he winked at Cas, causing him to turn a light shade of pink.
Castiel shifted uncomfortable and his nose twitched, “How-”
and end with
?” Gabriel asked before adding, “I guess he’s cool for a dork.”
Dean and Castiel looked at each other then at Gabe nervously, Dean’s face beet red and Castiel panting slightly. Gabriel didn’t seem to notice, he was too focused on unwrapping the chocolate to care about anything else, not even that his brother and his roommate were under the blanket on Dean’s bed. He clearly didn't notice as Castiel felt around under the covers for his pants and pulled them on under the blanket, zipping them over his painfully hard erection and re-adjusting himself in his pants.
“Now that’s a game!” Ash agreed, extending his hand that was gripped around a beer and pointed his finger at Gabe.
“I have a couple ideas, but first a drink?” Castiel said before getting off the couch and moving to the liquor cabinet.
“Want you,” Castiel panted, out of breath from lips on his sensitive skin.
"Yeah, her and Lily. They throw parties every weekend."
“Jack! Wait!” Castiel shouted, scrambling to find warm clothing so he could go out after Jack.
Jo and Charlie exchanged annoyed looks, glad that they simply chose to get a room together. They didn’t have to deal with anyone but each other, but the boys for some reason decided to get a suite for seven.
Gabriel saw this man put his hand on Castiel's leg, and suddenly decided it was time for another drink. The last thing he wanted to do was make his little brother uncomfortable, especially at a party where he was likely already feeling like a fish out of water. Gabriel decided to leave those two alone for now and try to locate Dean and hopefully prevent him from cock-blocking Jo and Benny.
"Most likely, criminals often enjoy revisiting the scene of the crime, they take pleasure in seeing their work," Cas nodded. "Did you recognize his voice?"
"No, I just like to get ahead. I don't want to get behind in the first week," Castiel shrugged.
“A couple times, yes,” Castiel said, his hand still resting on Dean’s arm reassuringly.
“Dean, it’s good to hear your voice,” Cas said in a low tone that made Dean’s chest feel like it dropped into his stomach.
“That doesn’t make any sense. If she liked me wouldn’t she be nice to me?”
“How hard is it to make cereal?” Dean asked, earning an eye roll from Sam, who turned his attention to looking out the front window for his father. Dean soon joined Charlie in the kitchen as she was pouring water into the coffee maker.
“No.”
“A game?” Gabriel exclaimed. “Kings or bust!” He announced as he entered the room.
At dinner Gabriel offered to sleep at the frat house so Sam could sleep in his bed when Sam complained about Dean not having anywhere for him to sleep.
“Dean?” Castiel said, confused why his friend was in his dorm. He slid a flash card into his textbook to mark his place and tilted his head, he opened his mouth to ask what he was doing there before Dean interrupted his thoughts.
Dean nodded as he began flipping through the channels and eventually stopped on Friends and glanced at Cas, who seemed happy with the selection and sighed contently. He tilted his head slightly to rest against Castiel’s and closed his eyes to enjoy the moment of peace.
“Well,” Jo started and took a sip to prepare herself to tell this story; over a year later and she was still bitter about it. “When we were in high school Dean was obsessed with this girl Lisa. She was the girls soccer captain, Dean even joined the soccer team so he could be around her more- he
Charlie and Tessa busied themselves in a conversation, Andy disappearing after muttering something about dessert, and Cas took the moment to quietly ask, "So did you figure out who keyed the car?"
“Yes, I had a good time.”
“For what?” Dean asked, turning his attention back to the road.
“I- I uh,” Castiel nervously looked away from his brother and suddenly became focused on the apple in his hand.
Gabriel sighed, “I'm just worried about him, he's been so stressed about school we thought he was hunkered down in the library but he's not there.” Before Mike could answer Gabe added, “Please don't tell Zach about this.”
Through the open window Dean called out, "I'm going to Henderson's," he pointed to a diner a block down the street, "meet me there?"
Castiel nodded, accepting the sunscreen from Dean and applying it to his face.
“Says the virgin,” Castiel pointed out before turning on his heels to go out to the bus stop. “We’re going to miss the bus if you don’t get moving, diva.”
Dean snorted and shrugged, “Isn’t that why you’re here? Because I’m not?”
Dean breathed heavily as he caught his breath, “Didn’t make it.”
"I don't know what you're getting at, Gabriel," Castiel said flatly.
Gabriel, Dean, Castiel, Chuck, and Benny bickered for another minute until Charlie exclaimed, “Enough!”
“I know that, Cas.”
“I need it-”
"Was planning on it," Dean said as he tossed Cas' shirt aside and latched himself to his neck, continuing to kiss down his chest and nipping at his collarbone.
“Dean!” He called out as he answered the phone, eager to tell him the news.
"Nothing happened," Dean said, "which is exactly why we broke up."
"So, uh," Dean hesitated and Castiel stayed silent, knowing Dean would say what he wanted to say when he was ready. "That's happened to you before?" Dean was hesitant to bring up a sensitive topic, but he knew there was the possibility of encountering people like that again. Talking about it was imminent.
want to, I shouldn’t leave my friend.”
“We’re not in a relationship. It’s casual.”
Benny groaned, “Chuck? He’s bad news, fellas.”
,” Castiel made quotes with his fingers, “because I’m honest.”
He shrugged again, “I dunno, it’s a little soon to move in together. We’ve been going steady for what, three months?” Dean turned to face his friend and put his hands in the air, “I cannot believe I just said
“It’s a shortened version of my name.”
Dean shrugged, checking around the room for anything else he may have forgotten before he zipped his duffel closed.
"They left? But how-"
Castiel nodded slowly, his eyes drifting to Dean, laughing at something Jo said. “Yes, he is fun,” a smile shone through to his lips.
At this moment Dean Winchester realized that maybe it wasn’t such a long shot, and that maybe, he would get a chance with Castiel.
“Me too, I’ll see ya tomorrow, Cas.”
“Don’t you fucking dare blame Jo for this!”
“Ellen and Bobby must be so proud.”
Castiel grimaced, feeling responsible for the tension at the house he quickly abandoned. “I’m sorry, it was selfish of me to take off and leave you and Gabriel to deal with the mess.”
Castiel's lips pulled up in a slight smile, a silent thank you to his brother.
“It’s okay, it was a great day. I’m glad I kept the ticket, it reminds me of her. She wasn’t so sure it would be appropriate for Gabriel and I, but she laughed so hard. I had never seen her laugh like that before.”
Castiel flushed and his eyes fluttered to the ground, “Dean and I established we are seeing each other exclusively,” he grinned and Charlie immediately followed.
Jo started the game, picked up her card, showing it to everyone, “Six. Chicks,” before taking a drink and stuffing it under the tab of the beer can in the middle of their circle. Anna followed Jo in taking a sip.
They don't talk about the kiss. Dean Winchester does not talk about his feelings or anyone else's for that matter. Dean and Cas sat across from each other in their booth at dinner, their eyes playfully flitted from the second they sat down. Dean settled on Cas’s lips and licked his own, craving the soft skin more than he was his burger.
"Do you know any of the girls in Alpha Kappa Alpha?"
“How do you feel?” Castiel asked.
Castiel swallowed before saying, “They’re alright except my developmental psychology course. I really can’t see myself working with children in the future, so I’m just not interested.”
The last time he had seen Luke his eyes were sunken in, his skin more pale than usual, and he had just stolen from Zach for the last time. That would not be Castiel. He couldn't believe he let himself become that.
"Right," John nodded before the server arrived and deposited a plate of spaghetti and meatballs in front of him.
Mary was greeted by an almost silent house. She shimmied out of her coat and set her purse down on a chair in the kitchen. Dean's car was in the driveway, and the sink was full of dirty plates. She heard shouting from the open basement door, a chorus of “no” and then a victorious “in your face!”. Mary shook her head before making her way downstairs. Cas and Sam sat next to each other on the old couch, Dean on the floor between Castiel's legs.
“Michael too,” Castiel quipped.
Dean cackled, swearing at Castiel for not telling them sooner.
Gabe shook his head again, “You had no way of knowing. I... I hope he doesn’t follow in Luke’s footsteps.”
“I think Charlie’s right,” Jack said, “maybe in the morning the storm will wind down.”
The two continued towards campus in silence until Castiel asked, "How are things with you an’ Jo?"
“But we’d be tan doing it,” he paused, knowing he definitely hadn’t convinced his partner,  “We don’t need to do that, there has to be other stuff to do. If nothing else we can at least go to the beach,” Dean stuffed one of his hands into his jacket pocket when a cool breeze hit. Castiel shrugged and Dean replied, “Come on, we could lay by the pool all day. I’ll rub sun-tan lotion on your hard to reach spots,” he winked, making Castiel blush and playfully shove Dean.
“Cas! Hey, buddy, did you miss me already?” Dean asked with a half smirk.
Everyone looked around and muttered to themselves, “The bathroom?” Someone asked.
Castiel nodded obediently before announcing he had homework to do. As soon as he arrived back to his room, he set his alarm clock extra early to give him plenty of time to make it to the psychology department office before his morning class.
“Lay off of Cas, Mike. If you just took the time to hang out with him for once you’d see that he’s pretty cool,” Dean took a sip of his beer.
“No, I just mean he’s a bit weird is all.”
“Needed to?” Castiel reflected back.
"Do you want me to come in?" Dean asked, his car idling at the curb.
"It's pretty obvious, the way you stare at him."
While their friends were discussing who was going to share rooms Castiel and Dean faced a bit of a predicament. Sharing a room made sense, they wouldn’t have to bother any other people to get time alone, but what if their relationship changed over the course of the year? Dean and Castiel had only been together a few months, were they really ready to make an eight to nine month commitment to their new relationship? Dean wasn’t so sure he was, which is why he made the mistake of asking Benny to be his roommate.
Castiel downed his drink and shrugged, “Then I’ll go get us a couple,” he sauntered back towards the keg through the crowded living space, leaving his friends behind looking confused.
“Dean, I’m sure it’s nothing,” Castiel rolled his eyes at Dean’s over protection of the car. Cas always thought his obsession with cars was kind of stupid, but it was endearing how much care Dean put into his fathers car. It wasn’t rare for Dean to get up at 7 on a Saturday morning to wash the car before he went to work.
“Why not?” Sam didn’t reply. “I can show you some moves, guaranteed to get you some action.”
,” Castiel said, emphasizing the last two words.
“That’s awesome, Cas!” She exclaimed, eagerly jumping up to give him a hug. He stood still for a moment before bringing a hand up to pat her on the back.
“Fuck off,” Dean scowled, kicking his brother under the table.
“Live on campus? I dunno,” Andy said wearily.
“Missed breakfast, dammit I wanted French toast,” Gabe cursed as Jo entered the room and shut the door behind her.
“Well I'm happy you came to me and not that Crowley guy.”
Dean looked at the car sadly, “Yeah, Bobby could probably put a new coat on.”
“Because, Cas,” Dean said, shrugging.
"If I knew, I'd tell ya," Jo said, giving Cas a small smile.
“How many times have I told you to park in the back of the lot away from the other cars.”
Dean approached the door to the apartment and knocked loudly, shifting impatiently as he waited for the door to be answered. It was swung open by a disheveled guy, his shirt inside out as if he just threw it on in a hurry, “What's the damage?” He asked in a British accent, huffing like he was out of breath.
“Dean,” Castiel croaked.
“I won't tell Zach, but I'm not a fuckin babysitter,” Mike said before hanging up.
“No! Cas! Absolutely not! Why would you say that?” Dean perked up from his slouching position.
Dean pulled his backpack on, “Dude don’t call it intercourse, no wonder you’re a virgin.”
“Where the hell have you been?” Gabriel exclaimed despite knowing the answer.
A knock on his door caused him to shoot out of his chair and answer the door in record time. Castiel stood before him in his trench coat, his hand still raised to the door.
Castiel sat next to his brother on his bed and they took turns passing the bag to each other. “So you have fun?” Gabriel asked, licking salt off his fingers.
“We’ve gotta find it!” Jack exclaimed.
Dean sighed, "Working, working, and more working."
Dean shrugged, “A boyfriend.”
“Yeah, I can fix it. Let’s get you two home before your momma’s start to worry.”
“I know you do mom,” he avoided her gaze and turned his attention to the front door, for once hoping his father would open it up and end this conversation.
The three argued about pizza toppings for over 20 minutes until Jo threw open the door, with food also on her mind. "Why can't you guys pick a topping? It's not an SAT question for fucks sake!" She exclaimed when they continued to bicker.
Dean saluted Benny and his new friends goodbye and Cas waved with a grin on his face. "Let's get you home," Dean huffed, opening the apartment door for Cas and starting down the main stairs before him just in case Cas stumbled. Castiel held onto Deans shoulder for dear life as the two made their way down the stairs.
“He’s still part of the squad? Seriously?”
Sam shot Dean his classic bitch face, and Dean scowled at him but shut his mouth out of fear of being further scolded by his parents.
"You guys ready?" Dean asked after he had pulled on his shirt and turned around, snapping Castiel out of his trance.
"Come on, Clarence, it'll be a lot of fun," she bit her lip and tilted her head, her hands shoved into her back pockets.
Sam appeared at Dean’s side, barreling into him and burying his face in his older brother’s chest. Dean just wrapped an arm around his baby brother, squeezing him. He made eye contact with Charlie, whose eyes were red and puffy, she sniffled as she slowly made her way over to Dean, where he wrapped his other arm around her. John appeared and stood by silently, allowing his sons and Charlie to hold each other for a moment before placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder, a warmth radiating from him that Dean had never felt before. “The head ranger will give us a ride to the Impala, let's go home.”
Castiel and Sam retreated downstairs to play Nintendo, and while Sam was powering it up Castiel asked what classes he was taking for the second half of the year.
Dean rolled his eyes and let down one of his fingers. Castiel also put one of his down, with his face slightly pink. When Gabriel saw his sister take a drink his mouth dropped open, but he didn’t comment on it.
“Mary isn’t going to be pleased,” he observed as the shower upstairs turned on, Sam likely washing the sand out of places it should never be.
Dean flopped onto the couch next to Castiel, his arm draped around his shoulders, wanting some time to chill before their friends arrived. Sam was seated in the dining room, quietly working on homework before winter break ended. “So you’re leaving tomorrow, huh?” Dean asked Cas, turning his head to speak into his ear.
"Then what gives, angel?"
“I know, Dean,” Cas smiled before leaning in to capture Dean’s lips with his own. Dean brought a hand up to wrap around Cas’ shoulder and pull him closer. Castiel’s hands immediately went up to gently cradle the older boys chin as he applied more pressure into the kiss. The force of Castiel’s kiss forced Dean to lean to the side, and he gave in so he was laying down, Cas half on top of him and their legs tangled together.
"Sweetie, can I help you?" Castiel blinked, his mind feeling frozen for a moment before registering that the woman behind the counter was talking to him.
“I’ve been waiting so long t’ do this,” Castiel said as he kneeled in between Dean’s legs and coated his pointer and middle fingers in lube.
“You’re here to have fun, not go to class,” Dean said, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the elevator's hand railing.
“Sure he did,” Michael said. “Party’s better without him anyway,” he shrugged. Dean squirmed out from under Michael’s arm, uncomfortable and no happy with the way Michael was talking about his brother.
“I will introduce you.”
“You were injured because of my actions,” he pulled the paper towel away, satisfied that the wound was no longer bleeding. “Perhaps I overreacted when I saw blood,” he discarded the paper towel and washed his hands.
The two climbed onto the bed after Dean shed his shirt and soiled swim shorts. He climbed on top of the younger boy and was pulled in for another kiss by Castiel’s hands in his hair.
“Juniors only though?” Castiel asked out of curiosity; Ash would technically still be a freshman since he didn’t even complete one semester.
“Alright, alright,” he coaxed everyone to calm down (or at least quiet down). “Tonight we're doing something different in honor of the occasion.”
"Dude! I told you she liked you!" Dean said, smacking the table in victory before pointing at Castiel. "So you hit it yet?"
Dean knew that already; he nodded.
Gabe laughed.
“You what?” Dean exclaimed. “What the hell did you do?”
Cas saw a towel hanging off the stove and snatched it, tossing it on the table. “Thanks,” Jen said with a small smile.
Charlie nodded, "It's pretty self explanatory, most of the time they don't even sign in, it's not like we ID them to let them in," she shrugged.
Before Castiel went in search of a leftover newspaper he grabbed the bottle and took another swig, enjoying the warming sensation. He had already inspected the kitchen and knew there wasn't anything that would make good kindling, and instead turned down a small hallway and entered the bedroom, digging through all the drawers until he found an old Good Housekeeping magazine from the early 90s. He figured it wouldn't be missed because Ellen sure as hell wasn't the type to read this.
"Well you're acting like this is some fun little treasure hunt-"
“The Green Mile, I believe,” Cas said after a moment of chewing.
It had been two months since Gabriel first introduced his brother to Dean, and in those two months Dean and Castiel were consistently eye-fucking each other every chance they got, regardless who they were with. Gabriel had had enough of the not-so-secret glances and affectionate touches; Dean and Castiel clearly didn’t care that they made everyone else uncomfortable around the sexual tension. It was time something was done about their obvious feelings about each other, but Gabriel knew they were both so stubborn it would never happen without a little push. However, there was no way he could accomplish this on his own.
“I’ll come with you,” he offered.
"We met him at that party Benny invited us to, you'd have met him but you were chasing after Hope all night."
Castiel nodded and reached for his water, "For the most part, yes."
"I am not interested," he spun his fork in his pasta.
“Yes, I suppose reviewing the material will help your confidence.”
“We don’t even know where it is, Dean!” Sam protested.
"Why are people always surprised by this?"
Castiel sat thoughtfully for a moment before the bell rang and he was unable to respond. "I'll see ya later, Cas," Dean said as he hurried out of his seat, his next class was chemistry and the science labs were on the other side of the building. Usually he didn't care if he was late, but today he didn't feel like talking to Cas about what happened.
Sam was flipping through the bins, looking for a certain book when the bell above the door jingled, signaling Dean’s arrival. “Dean! Check it out!” He triumphantly pulled the latest edition of Supernatural out of the bin.
"There's no cell service," someone muttered from the living room.
“No, it’s not okay, Cas,” Dean turned around. “Hey douchebag!” He called after the guy, who turned around and laughed before disappearing into the crowd. Dean’s fists clenched and he turned back to Cas, seething.
"So tell us all about Miami," Mary intrigued, sipping a glass of wine.
“So,” Dean cleared his throat, “when can I see you again?”
“It’s past midnight already?”
John drove them home, Sam and Charlie in the backseat, slumped against each other asleep. Dean stared out the window, hyper aware of the sound of helicopters swarming the mountain. He could feel John’s eyes burning holes into the back of his head, but ignored the sensation as he closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep like his sibling. Charlie was dropped off at home to Ellen, who cried as she shouted at her when John pulled the Impala away. Sam spent the rest of his vacation curled up in bed after the loss of his girlfriend, only opening up for Mary, who spent hours on end holding him as he cried himself to sleep. Charlie texted Dean later that day when Bobby got back from dropping Benny off at home with news that they hadn’t found Anna or Ruby. He still hadn’t heard from Cas, but obsessively checked his phone, hoping for an update, thinking every little noise was an incoming text. A week later, Dean’s phone was still unbearably dry, Charlie was grounded from using her phone but occasionally called Dean from the landline when her parents were out, just to check on things. She reported they still hadn’t found Anna or Ruby; her and Dean both knew that meant that they never would either, but neither of them said it. He asked about Cas, because he still hadn’t heard from him, but Charlie just reported that him and Jack weren’t at school and when she offered to bring them their work, the guidance counselor reported that wasn’t necessary and wouldn’t provide any further information.
“It won’t, it’s made of metal. Right, Charlie?”
Castiel took Dean’s moans as a sign to speed up, he held him by the hips as he increased his pace, letting out small grunts of pleasure. Dean used one of his hands to wrap around his cock, red from being so hard, and began stroking himself as Castiel continued to fuck into him. “Dean, I’m close,” Castiel said, his eyes closed and his pace sped up, Dean stroked himself faster to catch up with Cas, who let out a low groan and thrust harder into Dean one last time. Dean continued touching himself with Cas still inside him until he came all over his sheets and himself.
Benny was sent to campus pizza Friday evening to pick up pizza when he was greeted by Dean running the register.
“Dean,” Cas moaned as Dean began to thrust faster. After a couple minutes of holding Castiel close, Dean wanted more, so he pushed off slightly so he could stand behind Cas with his hands on his hips to thrust faster.
“It will be fun. Just think about it, okay?” Dean said as he trotted up the steps with a wave.
Gabe disappeared after his friends paid the cover fee to enter the frat house. This came to no surprise to Dean; he was most likely going to find the keg. A girl standing near the door called Jo’s name and waved her over, leaving Dean and Castiel standing by the door.
“I’m not coming back tonight, make sure he gets home, okay?” Gabriel exclaimed over the music, leaning in close to Castiel to talk to Dean over the music, Castiel was too tipsy from the rum and drunk on dancing with Dean to care his brother was still treating him like a child and had to arrange for him to be escorted home.
“What?”
Caa raised and eyebrow and almost laughed, "Cassie? Really?"
Dean laughed, “Who is it?”
“No,” Charlie said quickly and quietly.
“Why do you say that?”
"Take my fuckin' money," Chuck mumbled as he set his backpack on the bed and moved two handles into his own bag before pulling out his wallet and paying Gabe. He tried to give extra money to Gabe for weed but Gabe shook his head, insisting it was a gift.
“I’ll meet you guys there,” Gabriel said as he closed the door behind them. “Told Cassie I’d show him around. Save us seats.”
While Jo was telling Charlie this, Dean and Castiel continued passing the bottle of rum between them, it was halfway gone, and had no hopes of lasting much longer. The music seemed louder than before, the bass vibrating both their bodies as they started dancing a little. Dean doesn’t dance, or at least he didn’t- but now with Cas in front of him and the warmth of the liquor, his body told him differently.
so Castiel was stuck at home with Michael while Zachariah was at work and Castiel was beginning to wonder if God was punishing him for something.
“Yeah, he was Gabriel’s roommate last year, remember?”
Castiel glanced at his watch, it read 8:24, "The library," Castiel said as he shook beads of coffee off his hand.
By the time Castiel and Dean made it back to the older Novak bothers it looked like the volleyball game was over. Michael had a beer can in one hand and the ball tucked under his other arm, laughing as two girls were burying Gabriel in the sand.
Michael nodded and opened the fridge to gather the ingredients for a sandwich. “How’s ol’ Dean?”
“Hey, what are you-“
“I suppose you’re right, he will get over it. I just don’t understand why Michael started this whole disaster.”
"You slept with my frat brother," Jo said in a deep voice before laughing hysterically, mocking the arguing couple.
Wow this has been a long journey and the next chapter will be the last one. Thank you so much for sticking with this story, I know it was rough in some parts but this was my first full-length Destiel story and I'm looking forward to continue improving my writing. I do have some plans for sequel one-shots, but nothing is complete yet (though I have a lot of ideas). Thank you so much for the support, kudos and comments!
Dean scrunched his face in confusion, wondering why would Ash be at home in Kansas on a Tuesday night, and not at MIT.
“I know you are, I appreciate it. I’m with you every step of the way.”
Suddenly their moment was interrupted by the silence of the music shutting off and then shouting. A man called out, “Hey party people!”
“Trust me Cas, we’re going to be fine,” Dean turned his head to place a chaste kiss on the top of Castiel’s hair. “I’m in this with you.”
“Yes, it appears that way,” Castiel said, eyeing his partner quickly before heading up the stairs to the second floor lobby where the exhibit was being displayed. “I wish there were more exhibits like this,” he said as they stood in front of a large still life of the quad. “I find this much more enjoyable than parties.”
“It’s polite,” Castiel responded before licking his lips, “I just wanted to make sure you were decent. Can we eat now?” He added quickly.
By the time the three were almost done eating Castiel appeared, his hair even more disheveled more than it usually was, and his face was flushed.
“Nope, sorry,” Dean said in a faux scared voice.
“Oh my God!” Dean exclaimed, he was sick of hearing about this room that Gabriel was dead set on claiming.
“Don’t bring her into this!” Castiel exclaimed.
“She’s right, we gotta go. Let’s run through the plan once more,” Dean said Castiel and Ruby, who agreed it couldn’t hurt.
Dean stood in the bedroom with his back to the door, his hands on the tie of his shorts, before turning to face the doorway where Castiel appeared. Cas set the bottle and his glass down on one of the night stands when he felt Dean’s hands on his hips and lips to his neck. His eyes instantly shut, and his head tilted to the opposite side as he let out a soft groan. Dean kissed down to where his shoulder meets his neck, where he dug his teeth in, making Castiel jump slightly and gasp loudly. He whirled around, eager to shove his lips against Dean’s, their arms wrapping around each other, running over the other’s bodies. Dean’s hands fisted in Castiel’s shirt and pulled him in so their bodies were flush against each other. As they kissed Dean let out a happy groan, his hands beginning to run under Castiel’s shirt, up his back, gently dragging his nails to scratch the smooth skin ever so slightly. Cas began getting impatient and pushed Dean up against the wall, grinding his hips into Dean’s. Dean grunted as he yanked Castiel’s shirt over his head, hands hurried to flick over his nipples as if he didn’t want to miss the opportunity. They kissed more intensely, their tongues swirling around each other, hips grinding and panting for breath as Castiel grabbed Dean around the back of his thighs. Dean instinctively lifted one of his legs to wrap around Cas’s hips, eager for more contact between their thighs.
"I'll see you guys later!" Benny waved goodbye to the two as he turned around and hurried out of the dining hall.
“He doesn’t know what happened,” Dean snapped and Charlie looked surprised at the outburst. “I mean, he doesn’t know everything.”
Castiel chuckled to himself, although he was amused by his friend he envied her confidence. That was something he always admired about Dean, his ability to face the world with strength, confidence and grace. Dean Winchester was many things, but insecure was not one of them. His admiration of Dean and Charlie’s confidence slowly dwindled as he began thinking about Charlie going on a date. He felt jealousy pull at his chest, he had never been on a date before. Cas and Dean went to the museum together, but the only reason they tagged along was to drive Sam and Jess, then he insisted to Dean they stay,
“He’s dead to them as far as I’m concerned. Zach decided this summer. No calls, no post cards. Last time I saw Luke he was,” Gabriel paused, and Dean turned around to see him shutter.
“I think what he means is he’s not gonna bust us.”
“He probably had work or something,” Jo said, shrugging. Dean and Gabe accepted her answer but Dean didn't like it. This wasn't like Cas to disappear suddenly without any word. He was a tad angry, this was like John Winchester but not like Castiel. Something had to be up.
“You ‘kay?” Dean asked, his eyes closed, half asleep when Castiel got back into bed.
“Ellen made you her bitch, huh?”
“I’d love to,” Michael said with a sly smile.
“Operation Get-The-Stubborn-Idiots-Together is a go,” Gabriel said after he stepped outside where Jo and Charlie were still talking.
"Andy! Andy is van guy?" Dean exclaims, shocked that a guy seemingly as cool as Andy drives such a lame van.
"Jackpot," Dean said with his tongue sticking out, he lifted a bottle out of the bottom drawer in Bobby's desk.
“No, you’re right,” he said as he lifted his head. “Dean and I should talk about it.”
“He leave his number?” Dean asked, he had Ellen and Bobby's phone number memorized, but he had no idea even what dorm Ash was living in at MIT.
Mary let Dean borrow her car, she felt bad about what had happened with the Impala, it really wasn’t Dean’s fault someone couldn’t put their shopping cart back where it belongs. Dean promised they would be back at a reasonable hour- Cas and Dean were just going to the movies after school, but Mary waved him off and told him to have fun. Sam whined when Dean said he and Cas were going to the movies, but when Dean told him they were seeing a horror movie Sam changed his tune and happily agreed to movie night at home with their mom. When school got out, Dean and Cas went to their favorite pizza joint for an after school snack until the sun went down and they could hear the marching band begin to play. Dean parked his mother’s car in the student parking lot wherever he could find a spot, filled nearly to the brim because the game was against their rivals. He adjusted his backpack and left the car doors unlocked, they weren’t going to be gone long. Castiel checked his watch, it had been nearly 20 minutes after the start of the game, so they had plenty of time until halftime and all the attendees should be staying put for now.
? Don’t you mean Dean?” Sam said.
Dean replied with a middle finger pointed at the camera seconds before they heard a knock on the door. Gabriel readied his camera at the door, “He’s here.”
“Dean!” Sam whined, “we're so close to the finish!”
"Jesus, Cas," Dean exclaimed, barely audible over the music.
“Boys, not in front of company,” John said sternly before adding, “yes you can invite friends over too.”
"Who's Andy?"
“You too!” He called as the door shut behind them.
“I can’t concentrate while you’re screaming at me!” The girl exclaimed, her cheeks red from embarrassment, anger, or just because it was damn hot inside the dining room (but probably a combination of all three). The man walked away, going off with the rest of his team, leaving the girl- Jen alone to pick up the spilled drink.
Chuck nodded with a laugh, “You’ve got me there.”
The two took their time getting on the road the next day. After sleeping in until 10, they kissed lazily until Dean could no longer stand to feel Cas' morning wood pressed up against him. By the time they were out of bed and finished packing Dean's things it was past 12 and they had under 2 hours left in the dorm until the RA's came by and kicked the stragglers out. Instead of testing Chuck's anger, the two started carrying their belongings out to Dean's car to make sure the room was cleared out in time.
After Mary's plate was placed in front of her, she said, "Well I hope he didn't ruin the trip for you two." She had a concerned expression on her face as she looked at Castiel; her mouth pulled into a slight frown.
“I don’t know, I think I might take my chances with Gabe’s crabs,” Sam said with a disgusted look on his face.
“I'm play winner,” Dean announced while Castiel and Sam each held a controller.
That's funny, I guess you've heard my songs.
Next to Dean was Jo, “Never have I ever left the U.S.”
“What were you and Crowley doing all weekend, huh?”  Gabe crossed his arms.
“We're going to have fun today if it kills you,” Dean said.“Now how much longer on the Looney Toons marathon?”
“You will do no such thing! Sammy’s a good kid.”
“How many rooms does this place have?” Dean asked, looking around and marveling at the size of this condo- he couldn’t believe there was a second floor; it had to be bigger than his home in Lawrence.
Dean laughed, “Wait, you guys used to have bunk beds?”
“There’s liquor at my apartment- I think,” Castiel said, suddenly unable to think straight, all he could think about was needing Dean’s lips to make more contact.
She huffed a loose strand of hair out of her face, “Yeah, thanks, I know.” Jen looked up from picking up the cup off the floor. “Why do guys take this shit so seriously?” She asked rhetorically and laughed.
"And what were those?" Dean asked cheekily as Castiel tossed the paper back onto the counter top and scooped beans into the coffee maker.
“I knew you’d approve,” Gabriel sauntered over to his friend and pulled him into a hug, smacking his hand on Dean’s back.
"Sorry, uh," Castiel stammered nervously and rubbed the stubble forming on his chin, "I have an appointment."
“What’s there to talk about?” Dean asked despite knowing exactly what there was to talk about before putting the joint to his lips.
“So this is our las’ night before you go home,” Dean said, his hands wrapping around Cas’s hips, lacing his fingers around his back when they finally closed the door to Dean’s bedroom, leaving them alone.
“You thought it was an innuendo,” Castiel said matter of factly. When Dean reached out for the notebook Cas pulled it back out of Dean's reach. “Why did you kiss me?”
Castiel nodded.
Charlie and Castiel spent the next three hours of his shift discussing classes, books and their interests. The two of them were huge book worms, so they got along swimmingly despite their different genre preferences.
“I’ve heard it enough from Gabriel,” Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Of course, I’m not that much of an asshole, Cas,” Dean laughed over the rumbling of the engine.
“Gabriel has been acting odd lately.”
“He was a fucking douche and you know it.”
The two stood in silence in front of an abstract statue, Cas tilted his head slightly as he observed the bust.
"No one pays attention to those stupid posters," Dean interjected, not looking up from his architecture textbook.
“No, I have another idea about dessert,” he said, taking another sip of his water.
"Hi Andrew, hi sweetie," Mary placed a gentle kiss to the top of Dean's head.
Gabriel gave his brother the finger and continued to eat his dinner while Dean asked Andy and Benny if they wanted to live in a suite next year.
“You don’t have to pretend to be interested, antiquing isn’t the most exciting hobby.”
"You didn't have to visit me, we've been friends since elementary school, we can go a couple months without seeing each other. Remember that summer I went to Bible camp."
“Is your friend okay?” The girl Gabriel’s arm was slung around asked, glancing at Dean and Castiel.
Dean and Jo matched each other in how many beers they had, but still ended up less drunk than Gabriel. “Staying the night?” Dean whispered into Jo’s ear, one hand firmly planted on her hip. Jo’s smirk matched Dean’s.
"Please, take whatever you'd like," Gabe said proudly as he gently laid the suitcase on his bed and unzipped it.
“Who was that guy anyway? The British guy?”
"So what is your type?" Dean asked as they approached Castiel's building.
"Dean, I'm a friend of Benny's, and this is Gabe and Cas," Dean said suavely, and the woman opened the door more, ushering them inside.
“No, I have a break until two, I don’t mind,” Dean waved at a dark haired girl who called his name. “Do you have class after drawing?”
Jo snorted, "I've been hanging out with Charlie. We have calc together."
His eyes scanned over to a second police car driving out of the parking lot, the dim lights in the lot made it so Dean just barely recognized his roommate sticking his tongue out at him through the window. Dean stood still, his hands locked behind his head, looking bewildered as the police car containing his roommate pulled away.
"He's a loyal customer, almost as loyal as you," Crowley said, licking his lips, eagerly waiting for the younger boy.
When Dean returned with two beers he announced that he found Gabe and ushered his friends inside. He led them back to the kitchen, where Gabriel was on top of the keg, with two frat brothers holding his legs in the air and another one holding the tap to his mouth. Dean looked impressed and Castiel looked, well, stoned. Jo shook her head, “If he pukes later I’m not cleaning it up,” she poked Dean in the shoulder.
The main art building, Wyatt Hall, was buzzing for 8PM on a Friday night, there was a long table in the hall entrance full of soft drinks and a variety of crackers and cheese. “I’m gonna check out the spread,” Dean said with a wiggle of his eyebrows before he turned away from Cas and Sam.
Bela didn't bother to respond to Gabriel's advances, she just pushed his camera down and slammed the door in their faces.
When Gabriel was lowered from the keg he belched loudly and high fived a few of the frat brothers before the next one hopped up. “Wanna try, Cassie?” He asked, putting his arm around his brother and accidentally pushed into him from swaying.
"For once we don't have to worry about being interrupted," Dean said, his words muffled because his mouth was placed firmly on Castiel's neck, where he was placing kisses wherever he could reach. Cas squirmed at the sensation and made a high pitched sound, turning around to capture his boyfriend's lips with his own.
“I’m here to see what the college experience is like,” Sam rolled his eyes, "and make sure you're not dead."
"Are you okay to drive?" Castiel asked.
His roommate was going to be back from class soon, he was desperate to smoke so he pulled on his trench coat with a couple joints stashed in the pockets and locked the door behind him. He was glad Dean had showed him the bike path, it made for a perfect place to smoke without being disturbed. Occasionally a couple middle aged women would power-walk past him, but they usually passed without noticing the boy sitting on a rock just out of sight of the path.
"I thought you'd never ask," Castiel said before pushing forward, grabbing Dean by the front of his shirt and pulling their mouths together.
When Dean reached the top he hurried to hide behind the biggest tree at the lift’s base where he waited patiently as did Castiel, who stopped and stood off to the side, sighing, knowing what was coming. Dean held his finger over his lips to shush Cas, who rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. Dean thought he did it because he was annoyed, but in reality Cas was getting cold, especially as they ascended further up the mountain and was trying to reserve body heat. Soon enough, Sam and Ruby hopped off the lift (that they shared of course), their cheeks either red from the cold or from making out and began walking towards the footpath that led to the Singer cabin. Dean wound up, and Sam ducked just in time that the snowball went hurtling past him, hitting a chipmunk that had been searching for food on the railing of the lodge that house the control panel for the lift. The chipmunk fell to the wooden porch with a solid sound, and Dean grimaced, knowing the chipmunk had met its demise.
“Dude that’s such bullshit!” The guy across from Cas yelled at the frat brother acting as a referee.
“Okay, that’s just creepy,” Dean said, shaking his head.
“Cas has spent all week cooped up in the library, we've gotta get him out tonight. Have some fun,” Dean said when he got out of work that evening.
"He left with a friend from class," Dean said.
"Hello, Dean."
Instead of interrupting the boys, Mary turned around and headed back upstairs with a smile on her face,
“We’re going to be living together. Not just sharing an apartment. Sharing a room.”
He shook his head and a clipboard was placed in front of him, she instructed him to fill it out as best as he can. He just nodded numbly and made his way to the empty waiting area to complete the paperwork.
“Five, Cas is the youngest.”
The two fell into an uncomfortable silence when Dean realized Gabe no longer wanted to talk about the strange British man.
“Yeah, if you all alcoholism lucky,” Jo snorted.
“Jo!” He warned before she pulled a pair of dark wash jeans and handed them to him.
Soon enough Dean was pulling into his driveway next to the Impala, sitting pretty and pristine as ever. Dean grinned just seeing her, thinking maybe he could convince dad to let him take her out today. He was really sick of his beater, he missed the feeling of the cool leather beneath his finger tips, the sound of legos rattling when the AC kicked on (Dad still complained every time he heard it, even after all these years).
“It’s not because you’re my boyfriend, you’re not weird.”
“I guess,” Sam shrugged, “but law school is a whole different ball game.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean said smoothly. “How’s things without Zach?”
Dean and Castiel decided to move downstairs to watch TV so it wasn’t distracting to Sam or too noisy and disturb John in his study. Dean grabbed the remote and flopped onto the couch, pulling Cas with him.
Cas sighed loudly, “Just pot I promise,” he looked out the window of Gabe’s car and stared at the iced over lake they were parked beside.
The overhead light didn't turn on when Dean flicked it a few times, Cas heard him mumble better and fuse as he clicked on the flashlight and began stalking around the interior of the cabin. Cas basically stood still, as he hadn't been in the guest cabin before and didn't know his way around in the dark. Soon enough, Dean called out "Try it now!" And thankfully the light flickered on when Castiel hit the switch.
“We missed breakfast,” Dean said, yawning and scratching at his back.
“Thank you.”
“Say hi!” Gabe exclaimed, holding his camera out to record his friends, who smiled and waved. He turned it around to face him, “We are unpacking our dorm, first day of second year. Jo just showed up for a booty call, so it’s time for me to go.”
Castiel shrugged, "Things are," he paused, "different," he bit his lip, holding back on what was really going on.
Castiel didn’t have to be told twice, he sat up to pull open the drawer where he stashed the lube as Dean laid down on his stomach.
“Keep moving! I don’t want to be down here when we find out!” Dean snapped, urging his friend to keep climbing as he was at the trail end of the ladder, only a couple feet off the ground. Dean didn’t need to repeat himself because Charlie suddenly scurried up the ladder with a swiftness he hadn’t ever seen from his friend before. “Benny, do you see anything?” Dean called to the young man who was near the top of the ladder.
"Ruby, Anna is missing. We have to help find her."
“Wait, you,” Andy pointed to Cas, then turned to Dean.
“Ew, Dean, that’s gross,” Sam’s face crinkled with disgust, all three of his fingers up.
He shrugged, not realizing she was kidding, but also not necessarily caring if she did think he was nerdy. Castiel had gone his entire life as a nerdy kid, his parents treasured education; and when he and his brothers were sent to live with Zachariah he expected nothing less than straight A's from them all. He was the head of debate club, took almost every class at an advanced level, and spent most of his free time reading for pleasure. At least until he met Ruby. Ruby was an outcast- in a bit of a different way than Castiel was. She was rarely sober, skipped class, stayed out way past curfew; but somehow she and Castiel became inseparable.
Castiel thought for a moment, his lip sucked in-between his teeth gently, "Coffee first."
After they walked far enough away they couldn’t see the older Novak brothers Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand and held it tightly in his own. Dean blushed slightly when Cas gently squeezed his hand but he allowed it, and even squeezed back. They continued walking down the beach, the crowds of spring breakers seemed endless, there had to be thousands of college kids on vacation all at this beach. It felt like they were fish swimming upstream, somehow the massive crowds made the beach feel as cramped as the nightclub from the night before.
“Had lunch with Cas today, he’s actually a pretty cool dude,” he said, ignoring his roommate’s complaint.
Castiel visibly shuttered, causing Dean to laugh. “Not interested?”
Now that Castiel had promised his brother he wouldn’t buy pot from Crowley anymore, he was desperate for some kind of relaxation. He had ran out of his pills over winter break, and was really feeling on edge. As much as he enjoyed being away from Zachariah and Michael, Cas was still feeling tense, he couldn’t shake it. The semester had just started and he was already feeling overwhelmed with his classes, he was uninterested in the required childhood development course- he knew he was never going to work with children. He had thought being in the honors program would be an easy way to make friends who had similar interests, but in reality the courses were nearly the same as the regular classes, they just had twice the amount of material and didn’t feel worth it. He wanted to interact with his classmates, but without the pills he found himself afraid to speak out loud to answer questions, nevermind spark up a conversation with a complete stranger.
“We should go,” Cas urged, still keeping lookout.
“I’m sorry sweetie, I didn’t mean it like-”
Dean’s mother Mary just left his dorm with tears in her eyes, telling him how proud she is of him. Dean ushered her out of his dorm, claiming he had work soon, but in reality he just didn’t want to see her cry again. She cried for the second time today as they loaded up the car with his belongings this morning. Dean hugged his mother and she rubbed his back, squeezing him just a little tighter before she let go and he kissed her cheek. She said a tearful goodbye before turning away to head back to her car.
“Except the obvious difference,” Dean said.
Gabriel snorted, “He’s preoccupied right now.”
"Listen," Dean stopped and stood in front of Cas, "You don't need to put up with his shit. You're better than that, he's a fucking entitled moron. You're Cas, and you're awesome. You are so smart, you're funny, you try to be the best person you can be every day. You are who you are, and I wouldn't want you to change that at all. I- I really like you and I don't want anyone to make you feel you're worth less than you are."
“I don’t think I have a say in the matter,” Castiel replied before tossing his crust on his plate, too dry for his liking.
“A party game?”
"It works!"
“Whatever happens, we have to get room 210,” Gabriel said sternly.
“No, sweetie, we’re okay, really,” she waved him off, urging him to relax and make Dean do the work. Mary shoved a casserole dish in Dean’s hands and grabbed a shopping bag as they made their way outside.
Dean laughed, remembering Jo telling him all about this guy.
“No that won't be necessary. Thank you though, I appreciate the offer.”
“Good, let’s go.”
Castiel nodded, “Your boundaries are important to me.”
“We need help, the lift’s down, Anna is missing, the phone’s dead. We can’t call for help on the freakin’ radio, how can it get any worse?”
Castiel nodded slowly before crossing over to his desk, “Yes, I’m just stressed.”
“He won’t be, it’s nearly seven, he’s probably home on the couch half asleep watching the news,” Castiel said, with good reason too. He had spent enough time at the Winchester’s household to know their routines.
“Sorry, it’s been a while since I-” Castiel said, trailing off at the end of his sentence, feeling a sense of embarrassment that he hadn’t been intimate with another person in so long.
“Didn’t we all come here for a fresh start?”
Determined to get started on his homework, when Castiel returned to his room he discovered his roommate had decided to go to sleep. Castiel sighed and turned on his desk lamp for a minute, just until he gathered all his needed school supplies into his backpack. Upon exiting his room, Castiel realized he did not have the energy to walk all the way to the library and instead settled for the noisier lounge area right off the elevators. It was relatively busy in the lounge for a Sunday night, a small group was huddled in a semicircle of chairs talking about their weekend, and a couple girls sat at the largest table with books strewn all over. Cas settled into a chair in the corner, trying to get away from the noise as best as possible. With Thanksgiving looming over their heads, all students were working extra hard, probably trying to bring up their grades at the last minute. Thankfully Castiel wasn’t too concerned about his grades, he knew he was in good shape for finals. But he still struggled with the mandatory science lab course, biology was not his strong suit.
“You know, I see you two together. She left her shirt. I know wha’ that means," Castiel hiccuped, "I’m not dumb.”
Castiel's head snapped towards Dean and he shuffled over to the wall and stood in front of Dean, far closer than Dean was used to or expected.
“Dad, come on!”
“Hell of a lot easier,” Castiel said, trudging through the ankle-deep snow.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said before scooting slightly to his right, making the gap between them a couple inches.
Castiel sighed, “Fine. He’s unhappy with me but it’s because he doesn’t want to see me turn out like Luke. I can see that he does have my best interest in mind.”
"Well, nobody's waitin' right now," as soon as Benny said it, Dean hurried off towards the back.
“I was just talking to Cas, but fine I’ll make you clowns breakfast too,” Dean rolled his eyes before opening the fridge to inspect its contents.
Dean scowled but busied himself with finishing his plate as Mary assured him that it's perfectly normal to get motion sickness on a flight, especially when you aren't used to it.
“And spend the week watching Gabriel get alcohol poisoning and have sex? Sounds like what we do every weekend,” he said sarcastically with a snort.
Cas glared, “I’ve been told my messy hair is sexy. Like I’ve recently had intercourse.”
“Yeah, I mean he’s a huge dork and all, but,” Dean grabbed the open bag of chips sitting on his roommates desk. “He’s cool, cracks me up,” he said as he crammed his mouth with potato chips.
His thoughts were thankfully interrupted by hearing, “Benny,” from the older guy once he settled into his seat and pulled out a notebook.
Michael couldn’t help but overhear his uncle's conversation with Dean and feel sort of bad for the kid- he knew Zachariah wasn’t very socially adept, but, really, neither was Castiel. Definitely one trait Michael was blessed he didn’t receive from the Alder side.
“It’s so badass! Wish I had my camera!”
“Bobby, I need your help, please,” Dean said, practically begging.
"What's that?" Castiel asked, turning his attention to his friend, thoughts of Ruby pushed to the back of his mind.
“Maybe one day you’ll find the one,” she poked her tongue out at him as he rolled his eyes.
“Over here,” Dean led him off to the left, into a small clearing. “Careful,” he said as he veered off to the side where concrete blocks stuck out over the grass. He grabbed Castiel’s hand, assisting him in the small jump down to a concrete platform covered in graffiti.
“Haven’t heard from Cas in a while,” Dean frowned, inspecting his bleeding nail bed.
“I hope you're not working yourself to death.”
“She seems... nice,” Cas said after pausing, pulling two more slices of bread out of the bag. "You going to call her?”
Castiel and Gabriel looked at each other, Gabe's brow was still furrowed.
Castiel had spent almost every night for the past month in bed with his ratty Yale sweatshirt that used to be his mother's; and now he was sitting on an uncomfortable faux leather sofa at the only gay club within a reasonable distance to their apartment, sipping his fourth vodka tonic, wondering why the hell he and Bal hadn't done this before.
"Hiya, Cas," Dean said, turning away from his laundry briefly to greet his partner.
After Andy's spot on the couch opened up Cas didn't move away, in fact Dean thought he might have even moved closer to him, their knees were just barely touching. Cas didn't bring up the car again, he figured Dean hadn't told him family more than there was a scratch and by dinner time John made it home with the Impala looking as pristine as always. Castiel parted for dinner and John lectured Dean about responsibility over dinner, who accepted the lecture solemnly with his head held low, staring at his peas.
Dean smirked and grabbed the list again, "I think we have time for both." Castiel looked at him with an expression that could best be described as confused and fearful. "Relax," Dean soothed, placing his hands around Castiel's hips, "coffee first," he placed a soft kiss on his cheek and pulled away to see Cas staring at him with a small smile on his face. "Unless you'd rather shower first?"
“We didn’t do anything, a shopping cart hit it,” Dean said nervously.
“You know, you guys interrupted something,” Dean said in a low voice to Charlie.
Cas nodded, “They’ll be fine. Cold, but fine,” he was trying to reassure himself as much as he was his younger relative. Jack seemed satisfied with that answer, but still looked nervous so Cas offered to play a game of go fish like they did when they were kids.
Benny, who had gone outside for a smoke, heard a scream, so he called out to his friends and took off running into the woods after the sound. Sam, being the responsible one, rushed upstairs to wake Ellen and Bobby. Charlie had gone running after Benny when she realized her sister might be in trouble, and Dean after her. Castiel caught up to Dean with a flashlight, and the Singers told the other kids to stay put while they rushed outside. Jo's screaming had stopped, and Benny was just getting himself lost when the others caught up. As the snow blustered, Bobby, an expert tracker and hunter, was no longer able to follow the two pairs of footsteps that belonged to his twins.
“Fags,” someone scoffed loudly as they walked past Dean and Cas.
“Of course,” he set the controller down on the couch next to him.
Mary wasn’t stupid. She liked to think she knew her oldest son pretty well, and she certainly knew when he was acting out of the ordinary. Out of the ordinary wasn’t necessarily a bad thing- like the way Dean smiled more. Or the way he came home from school talking incessantly about a new friend. Or how Dean’s closeness to his friend Cas was different than the closeness he had with any of his other friends. Mary was starting to put the pieces together. Her son was clearly crazy for this Castiel boy. Not that she minded of course, Castiel was a sweet, polite young man who she noticed was constantly staring at her son. On a number of occasions when Mary walked into the same room as Dean and Castiel, it seemed like they would adjust themselves, as if moving away from each other.
. He was startled out of his thoughts when the bell rang for second period. The first half of the day flew by as Dean continued to think about suspects and soon enough it was time for lunch.
“Either way, brother,” he said, “you’ll be living together. See each other everyday, share a bathroom, the only difference is where you sleep at night. Besides, no one is going to want to room with either of you because you’ll constantly be kickin’ them out. I sure as hell don’t.”
"What about the ranger tower? It might be high enough to pick up a signal" Sam offered, remembering the year Bobby took the kids to the old park ranger tower in the middle of the night to see a meteor shower.
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
Castiel smiled and turned around, walking back into his house towards the kitchen when Naiomi called out, “Who was at the door?”
“Do not be cool like Chuck, Cas," Jo replied, laughing.
“Cas, I want you,” Dean groaned, tilting his head back to look at Castiel before passing him the lube and condom on the table.
Michael grinned and pumped a fist in the air, happy that after his brothers first year at college he finally agreed to throwing a party and didn’t fight back at the suggestion as he previously did. His blind obedience to his uncle had nearly entirely vanished, and he couldn't be happier for his younger brother to finally feel secure in spreading his wings. Michael walked off to get ready for work as Castiel checked the time but decided it was still too early to call Dean out of concern of waking up anyone else.
“I’ve noticed the staring,” Dean laughed, closing the gap between their mouths, not wanting them to be apart for another moment. Castiel kissed back, immediately shoving his tongue into Dean’s mouth, eager to taste every inch of him. His hands around Dean’s back began to wander south, he felt denim under his hands and gave a small squeeze, causing Dean to buck into him and give out a small whine.
“I love you too,” Dean said, letting his hand fall into Castiel’s gently, rubbing his thumb across his palm. “When it’s time- when you’re ready to talk, you know where to find me,” his voice caught in his throat but he forced a small smile to reassure Cas.
"I'm very sorry, I should have been paying attention," Castiel said, noticing his coffee all over his hand and on Garth's jacket.
“Where’s Benny?” Ruby asked.
,” Jo rolled her eyes, “Anyway, he was madly in love with her. After almost three years of flirting and chasing after her, she finally agreed to go on a date with him and they were inseparable since. Cutest couple in the yearbook, homecoming, prom king and queen, all that crap,” Jo said with a sour face. “Well right after graduation at a party he caught her in bed with his friend from soccer Victor. Apparently her and Victor had been sleeping together almost the whole time Dean and her were together,” she shook her head, “It really killed Dean, he hasn’t been the same since.”
"Hey Mrs W," Andy greeted, taking his feet off the table, afraid of being scolded.
Ruby clearly had visitors recently, there was a bouquet of flowers laid beside her name, barely wilted. “Ruby, I’m so sorry,” he said, barely able to understand his own words through his sobbing. “I’m such a horrible friend. I-I,” he stopped talking, unable to form words and wiping his nose with his sleeve. “I haven’t come to visit, and I missed,” his body released a loud, cracked sob. “It’s been a fucking year, a whole goddamn year, Ruby. Do you know how much I’ve missed you?” Castiel dropped to the grass onto his knees. “God, I miss you so fucking much sometimes I just don’t know how I do it.” He paused to wipe his nose again and rub his eyes before turning his attention to the bouquet of white roses. He noticed a small card and couldn’t help but sneak a peek to see who on earth would give Ruby flowers. Aunt Amara. Castiel wasn’t surprised, no one who knew Ruby well would give her flowers. He imagined she was standing over him with her arms crossed, scoffing at the sight of the bouquet. He chucked a little bit at the thought of it.
“A, jeez, Cas,” Dean groaned, running a hand over his hair and looking at art on the wall. “Do we have to?”
“We’re just not going to!”
“Hello,” Castiel said, nodding his head to Dean and Jo before tentatively taking a bite of his pizza.
“Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean glanced to his right to see him staring at him as usual.
“None,” Dean said proudly. Mary gave him a soft smile before giving her husband a look with her eyes to not pry any further. John looked down to his drink before swirling it around and taking a sip, not engaging further in the conversation. Dean was thankful his mother was able to get his dad off his back before things escalated- he really did not want a famous Winchester yelling match his first night home for the holiday.
“Yeah, actually. Follow me,” he now felt a sense of direction, he had a goal, some extra time to think.
“If you don’t think there are aliens, you’re out of your mind,” Gabriel said after inhaling from a joint.
Benny escorted Jo towards the kitchen, leaving Dean and Castiel alone once again. Dean started to rummage through the backpack he had on and pulled out two beer cans and passed one to Cas. Castiel was a lightweight, and he was already decently buzzed from the couple drinks he had with Gabriel, so he took a small sip and watched Dean's adams apple bob up and down as he chugged his down.
“Hey, Mike,” Dean said as the oldest Novak brother turned around. Michael took a sip from his cup and patted Dean on the back, greeting him.
“I was just going for a walk and saw your van, so I stopped by to say hello.”
Besides the uncomfortably loud music, sea of sweaty bodies, and hard sofa, it wasn't anywhere near as bad as he expected. Here Castiel was, wishing he had allowed himself to do something fun sooner instead of feeling bad for himself in bed surrounded by half drank cups of coffee and discarded take out boxes from the Chinese restaurant below their apartment that didn't deliver; but then suddenly started delivering to his apartment the day after Meg told him it was over despite Castiel never actually ordering the seemingly endless amount of spring rolls. A shower, a pair of pants that didn't have an elastic waist, and a stomach full of vodka was enough to make Castiel feel human again.
“Except if I fuck up his car,” Dean mumbled, looking out the window at his house, knowing his fate was only a few steps away.
“Right. Thanks again, Bobby. Dean, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said, turning to look back at the truck briefly before entering his house.
Jo laughed loudly, “Seriously? Arm wrestled over a room?”
“What are you doing?” Dean’s voice startled Cas, he jumped and blushed deep red. “Were you looking at my porn?”
The door to the room where Sam and Ruby were swung open, “Cas, is he back?” Sam rushed into the living space as Castiel opened the sliding door just in time for Dean and Charlie to come barreling in, nearly smashing into a wall they were running so fast. Castiel decided to slam and lock the door behind them based on how fast they were running. Jack came over with a blanket and wrapped up Charlie, whose lips were a light shade of blue
“These will look better, trust me,” she said before returning to her spot on Dean’s bed beside Benny.
"Christ, Ruby, what the hell is wrong with you," Sam pushed her away and she glared. "Let's go," he ordered, exiting the cabin before she could protest. He crossed his arms in front of his chest and began the hike back to the cabin, not even bothering to see if she was behind him. He ignored the flickering lights along the path, too angry with Ruby to focus on anything else but what he was going to say to her after they found Anna.
“My hero,” Michael responded in a sarcastic, high pitched voice.
“Hi sweetie, be safe- but have fun,” Mary called, knowing that Dean would keep Sam safe, before waving with a small smile and driving off to leave her youngest son for his first taste of college.
“Yeah, Cas, you won’t make it home,” Dean agreed with Sam, once Castiel was this tired he was basically useless.
“Mom’s gone you don’t need to keep up the innocent act,” Dean said with a wink when the elevator dinged and the doors opened. As they exited the girls waiting for the elevator smiled at Sam and gave a flirtatious wave. Sam just threw a small smile back at the girls before the door shut. Dean whistled and turned his head to nod at the metal door before smacking Sam in the chest, “Already have college girls checkin’ you out.”
Castiel reached around the back of Dean’s head and grabbed him by the hair on his nape, dragging him in for more.
“You met van guy? And you didn’t tell us?” Dean stopped walking and turned to Castiel.
“That was a pretty good date,” Dean huffed, out of breath, and folded his arm under his head.
“It’s not Stanford, but it’s a hell of a good time,” Dean said, throwing an arm around Sam’s shoulders as they walked to the dorm.
“Me too,” Cas chuckled, burrowing his face into Dean’s bare chest, allowing himself to begin to drift off.
"Nah," Dean said, "we still had a great time. Laid by the pool, went to the beach, had fried dough."
“No,” Castiel responded with a huff, almost a laugh.
"No, they don't. And neither do friends," Dean said and sipped his drink.
On their walk back to campus Castiel started humming a tune, which Dean recognized instantly and began singing along to. Castiel draped his arm around Dean not only to help hold himself up, but to get closer to his friend as he hummed and Dean sang drunkenly.
"Well, Charlie told me you two broke up a couple days after you visited home. Did something happen while you were home?" Castiel asked, knowing that Lisa was not pleased Dean went home for the weekend right before Halloween and hadn't even visited her at her dorm in Sioux Falls.
“Cas you the bes’,” Dean slurred, pressing his mouth to Cas’ ear, making Castiel grimace at the saliva now all over his ear lobe. “Man these are good,” he somehow still managed to have his plastic souvenir cup gripped tightly in his hand, and waved it in the air, droplets of sticky liquor flinging all over the ground, himself and Cas. Cas flinched and licked a drop off his mouth. “Are we almost there?”
“Sorry, sir,” Dean mumbled, knowing if he hadn’t lied they wouldn’t have been able to come up.
But maybe Charlie was right, as much as he didn’t want to think about not having Dean, it would make sense to talk about it, just as a precaution.
“You saved a ticket from The Goonies?”
Michael looked up, mid mustard squeeze, “I wasn’t joking, I thought Dean was your boyfriend.” Castiel couldn't quite read the expression on his face, trying to understand if he was sincere or pulling his leg once again. Castiel stammered, unable to produce an answer. “You’re my baby brother and I love you no matter what. You do know that right?”
Gabe whistled, “Dean-o, you should have been there. Next time I go to Miami, you’re coming.”
This all changed one night, when the kids were up late as usual, and they decided it would be fun to prank Jo, who had been moodier and grouchier than usual. Ash was sick of his sister’s crappy attitude this particular night, as she had been bothering him for days, so he decided it was time for a bit of revenge. That evening when she left the room for a drink he began to talk to Benny about her previous relationship with Dean. Ash had only meant to embarrass Jo, but it turned out that Benny was unaware of her and Dean's past, even though it wasn't much of a past at all, and he was upset that his girlfriend hadn't been the one to tell him. When Jo returned, Benny confronted her with her relationship with Dean. When she found out that it was her brother who had exposed some secrets she didn't want uncovered, Jo stormed out of the house. Ash, being the root of the problem, chased after her. By the time he caught up to his sister it was because she was stopped off the path by a nearby river. When he ran up to her she made a shush gesture, but Ash still apologized profusely as he caught his breath and she made the same gesture again, but this time paired it with a "Get down," pulling him to a crouch. "I heard something."
“Some kids getting arrested,” he said with a slight hint of amusement in his voice.
“Told ya I’d make it,” Gabe said proudly as he rummaged in his dresser for clean clothes.
"A girl asks you out, and keeps asking you out and you say no?" Dean asks.
"I- I don't know, I think that's just his face," Castiel said, shrugging.
"Yes, I had a good time. Did you?"
Suddenly Dean froze, then perked up, “Wait, this is awesome! Confiscate all the liquor you can! Free booze!” He exclaimed with a wicked grin.
As Dean was closing the register at work he heard a knock on the window. He looked up and saw Jo waving furiously at him on the other side of the glass pane. Dean held up his hand, extending all five fingers to signal five more minutes, Jo gave him a thumbs up and leaned up against the brick building.
Dean snorted, "That was a cult."
Suddenly Sam called out Dean’s name from the bottom of the stairs, “Does Cas want a grilled cheese too?”
Castiel swallowed, wanting to ask Dean what happened next but he already knew the answer. Castiel reached out to place a supportive hand on Dean's knee, "I understand. Dean, I'm so sorry-"
“Been working at the Roadhouse doing book keeping and whatnot until I figure out what to do next.”
“My bad, sorry,” Andy said as he ran his hands through his hair.
"Why is he so adamant I switch?" Castiel said, confused by Dean's strange reaction.
“We’re at the summit of the mountain, the farthest point from civilization, if I shoot this now, it’s going to go up into the clouds where ain’t nobody gonna see it. We should set it off closer to the ski lift because there’s a main road at the base, someone driving by might see it.”
"Yup!" Gabe waved excitedly as he rushed off to class, knowing he will just barely make it in time.
"Have you been okay at school?" Dean asked, looking up to Castiel, who looked down at his nails nervously.
“Shit, sorry,” Castiel apologized as Dean jumped away at the sudden sensation and tried to brush the red wine off his swim trunks.
“Why wouldn’t you room with Cas?” Benny raised his eyebrow as they continued walking.
Sam peeked around the corner from the couch and waved, “Hi Cas.”
“Bite me,” Jo tossed one of Deans pillows at the shorter man who cursed her for making him spill his beer.
"We're going to the house, right?" Dean asked Gabriel, who was gathering up his things to leave for class.
"You too man, what are you doing tonight?" Benny said, handing over the cash he collected from the girls.
"Yes, thank you for inviting us, Benny," Cas said with a slight slur, his second drink was nearly empty.
"Nothing," she shook her head. She paused for a minute before laughing more, "Just glad to see Tony is getting some."
Castiel shook his head and wagged his finger at Dean, "Wouldn't you like to know?"
“Yellow?” Ash said.
“Dean,” John warned, “college is the start of your professional career. You better not be dragging the Winchester name through the mud. I worked hard to get where I am, and I expect the same effort from you.”
“Yeah speaking of him, how much to I owe you in bail?” Ash asked.
“We think a monster took them to the mine but we don’t know for sure,” Charlie stated.
“No, thank you Gabriel.”
Castiel nodded in agreement.
Dean could hear Bobby swearing in the background. “Bobby's pleasant tonight.”
After the professor wished everyone a happy Thanksgiving Castiel began to put away his notebook.
“What’s the test on again?” Dean joked, earning a glare from Cas, who was pulling his notes from his bag. Dean decided to follow Cas’ lead, he sorted through his stack of notebooks on his desk until he found his history one.
"So is this visit business or pleasure?"
“Nobody wants me here? What about you? If it wasn't for you Jo and Ash would be here right now!" Benny shouted as he emerged from the bathroom, and Dean made a sarcastic face in response.
“Who’s your weed man?” Chuck asked after dinner when he ran into Gabe and Dean in the hall.
Dean kissed his way back up to Castiel’s mouth, firmly pressing his lips against the younger boys as Cas shoved his hand down the back of Dean’s jeans. With a fistful of Dean’s ass, Castiel pulled him closer. Dean pulled away suddenly, standing next to his bed to shimmy out of his pants. Castiel began to follow his actions, but stopped to aide Dean in pushing his boxers to the floor while Dean’s hands ran over the denim bulge in the front of Cas’s pants before swiftly unzipping them. Castiel leaned back and lifted his hips off the bed to allow Dean to pull his pants and briefs off. He grabbed Dean by the waist and pulled him back onto the bed, his hands gripped Dean’s hips tightly, pulling him closer. Dean placed his hands in Cas’s hair, kissing him roughly, and bucking his hips, their erections brushing.
The redhead stared at the bedroom door with a frown as she heard it lock, wondering why Castiel would laugh when he hadn't seen his brother in years.
“Oh right,” Zachariah said as he sat back on the couch, picking up his book and inspecting it as if he didn’t trust it was on the correct page. “He’s a bit slow, isn’t he?”
“Touche. Man’s living the dream,” Ash said before raising his beer, “To Gabriel!” He announced.
“It’s okay,” Dean instantly scooted lower on the bed and settled on his knees in between Castiel’s legs, grabbing him around the base of his cock before taking him into his mouth, looking up at Cas just in time to see his eyes flutter shut and his mouth open with a low moan.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Floor meeting!” They heard muffled from the other side of the door. Gabriel rolled his eyes and continued rifling through his things.
“He has class at eight tomorrow,” Gabe interjected. “He wanted to come.”
Castiel laughed, "I know Dean, I've just gotten used to seeing you every day."
“Bro, trust me, I know you’re not pure,” Gabriel said with a laugh.
“I'd love to, thank you," Castiel smiled and said graciously.
"Thank you, Dean. 'Preciate it," Castiel slurred as he tripped over the curb and Dean held him up.
“You’ve had previous sexual partners, Dean, you don’t need to feel like you have to hide or be ashamed.”
After Castiel's drawing class he ran into Gabriel, who was on his way to his last class of the day. Castiel decided to walk with his brother to the fitness center and inquire about Dean's odd behavior. Cas told his older brother that Dean was very adamant Castiel switch advisers. Gabriel shrugged, "No idea, ask him."
As soon as she left Dean unscrewed the lid to the bottle of scotch and took a long sip, holding it out to Cas. "Don't you think we should be sober? So we can be fully alert and aware." Castiel said, eyeing Dean uneasily.
“Lunch starts in 45 minutes, I think you’ll live,” she snorted, leaning back on the wall.
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” he mumbled. "His uncle has business all over, sometimes him and Gabe go with."
Castiel shook his head no and said, “Unless you want to eat a peanut butter sandwich at 10, then no.”
Charlie answered.
Gabriel, Jo, and Dean knocked on Castiel's door, unsure if he was there or still at the library. There was no answer so they decided to check the library. Unfortunately Castiel was not there either; not even in his secret hiding spot Charlie showed Jo; and the group was beginning to worry.
“I think I just may take you up on that- shit I gotta go, later dude!” Ash hung up before Dean was able to say bye. Dean hung up the phone shaking his head.
"You guys want pizza?" Dean said with a grin in an attempt to get Castiel's mind off his sister.
Dean just shrugged and sipped his beer, brushing past Michael to go out to the patio. He whipped his towel down onto a lounge chair and settled in.
“I’m not asking you to. I want you to think about the consequences of your actions. You keep hanging around with characters like Crowley and you’re going to end up like Lucas. Is that what you want, Castiel?”
Later that evening Castiel managed to convince Dean he should study with him in the library, so once the two entered the library just after 7 Dean was shocked to see how busy it was. “Wow, I’ve never seen this many people in here,” he said, looking around at the full tables on the main level, all the computer stations were full also.
Gabe shrugged and said, "I get it from Castiel."
“Inside me,” Castiel exclaimed when he felt Dean’s mouth around him.
Dean, still under his blanket grumbled with frustration and sat up slightly to fluff his pillow a little more aggressively than he anticipated.
“I saw Cas,” Dean said with a slight crack in his voice, and hoped Gabe was too sleepy to notice it.
"No problem," he responded.
Castiel looked at the sand, "Yeah, a few times. Mostly just Michael, but he doesn't know I'm actually gay. At least I don't think he does," he said with his face slightly scrunched up.
“Mhm, Cas,” Dean moaned, kissing down Castiel’s chest and stomach, his fingers hooked under his shorts, prepared to pull them down to continue kissing further south.
“You'd have to try pretty hard to make it worse than your and Gabriel's room.”
“Thanks, Cas, but I still need to bust my ass, I can’t get lazy, even next year. Colleges can retract your admission if your grades slip.”
“No reason,” she said quickly, but Castiel was not quite convinced.
Dean sighed, he was determined to ignore Michael and enjoy his last night of Miami alone with Cas while Gabe and Michael went out to a strip club.
“Are you suggesting you know someone who can get Ash a spot?”
“So what happened?”
“Do you like Jo?”
“I have my ways. Just trust me the rooms are huge!”
“Quiet and peaceful for now.”
“What are you seeing?” Jo asked.
“So, uh, how’s your classes?”
“I think he’ll want to live on campus too, Bobby and Ellen are driving him nuts,” Dean sat down on the bed next to Cas and leaned back so he rested against the wall.
I also know the past couple chapters haven't been that exciting, but things will being to pick up soon I promise.
“Once I find out my work schedule, I promise I’ll let you know.”
Dean felt all the blood drain from his face, his eyes went wide. "Your adviser is Dr. Alastair?"
“Missed you, bro,” Luke said, pulling a cigarette from his lips to ash in the tray on the coffee table.
“I don’t,” Jo said as she leaned against the wood paneling of the house and ran her hands through her hair. “I can’t stand those girls.”
"No, my family lives in Prairie Village. We lived in Lawrence briefly when I was a child, but I don't remember much of it."
“Cas?” Dean asked a little too eagerly for his own liking.
“You should ask her out,” Dean said with a light smack to his younger brothers arm.
Castiel shot Dean a glare before turning back to his dinner.
After the coffee was poured and Sam complained multiple times about the lack of pancake cooking, Dean finally started mixing the batter together. Sam hovered anxiously in the kitchen and Dean shooed him away. “Why didn't you make them yourself? You know how to use a stove.”
Gabriel had disappeared, and Michael was chatting with a blonde perched on a bar stool. “Want to dance?” Dean asked, taking a large gulp of his whatever it was.
“Benny needs to get to a hospital,” John said after inspecting his wounded leg, confirming that his leg was definitely broken.
Castiel stared at his shampoo bottle, wondering did he really worry Dean that much. Dean waited outside his room all night for him to come back while Castiel was snorting line after line of cocaine off Crowley’s coffee table. He was a shitty friend. A really shitty friend.
“I said goodnight,” the man said before slamming the door shut, Dean pulled his fingers out of the way in time so they weren’t pinched. He stood staring at the door, unable to peel his eyes away, trying to will some sort of X-ray vision to look inside more. Cas was here, in his underwear on some guy’s couch, looking like he had been having a fuck-a-thon all friggin’ weekend while Dean and Gabriel were waiting up all night for him to come home like worried parents.
