“Why do you think we are married, is it because we share the same last name,” I ask him.
I lay panting, incapable of speech or movement and from the sounds of it, Cas is in the same boat.
Dean throws him the classic bitch face, “That’ll be great. Appreciate it. So, a witch. Have you anyone in particular in mind?”
Michael fell asleep after his bath, so Cas and Sarah joined us for some lunch. The boys told Sarah all about our weekend previous activities and she gave me and Cas very impressed looks, that were welcome to our tired souls.
She sighs “He wants to know when he can go home”.
My eyes washed over Cas’s face, “You look rested. I’m glad”
There is nothing more beautiful in the Universe than Cas right now. Nothing.
I must really look like shit as she said “Oh Dean” when she saw me.
“Well, Rowena did suggest replacing it with her name” Dean said
Being with Siobhan was another amazing experience. He could honestly say that last night, this morning and a few minutes ago was the best sex he ever had in his life. And that was saying something.
“A date. Dean I don’t want to go outside. I want to stay in with you both.” I said
“What are you suggesting, Cas?” Dammit brain
The silence in the bunker after the noise of hell was like an assault on the senses. We all had been through so much; it was like our bodies were trying to catch up with the sensations. Sam collapsed into one of the chairs with me following.
Oh my god. Strap on’s did not cover this.
“Even better” Siobhan said.
Young Dean stares at his father, “Dad, you know this man?”
So, it's with a big smile on my face that I head into the kitchen to put the ice cream into the fridge. Cas and Michael can have it after their dinner.
Dean and Sam look up from their respective faraway thoughts to find a woman standing in the grass in front of them.
At Jimmy and Michael’s room, I opened the door as quietly as I could, but all I saw were three sleeping forms.
It was beautiful and dirty, warm and erotic.
Expecting it or not, you’re still not prepared.
He just shook his head at me grimacing.
Jackie’s eyes hold mine as she takes my hand, “He’s been beaten. His face is a mess. His left arm is fractured. He was stabbed in the abdomen” At my flinch, she squeezes my hand, “It’s deep but not life-threatening, but that’s probably where all the blood came from. He’s covered in bruises from head to toe”
Sam cries softly in his arms before young Dean’s eyes flash with anger to meet his.
Sam replies, “Yeah, I tried to contact her, but she didn’t respond, which means I have to make a house call.”
That seems to shake Dean out of his mood slightly. Jimmy may be gone, but the others still need us.
After breakfast and chores, the boys head in for their homework. At Travis’s suggestion, we have decided to tell the boys about Jimmy leaving after lunch. I was dreading it, as was Jimmy.
“Six months” I replied.
Turning to me she winked and said, “I thought I was going to have to pry Cas from her cold dead hands”.
“So, what if it’s the same for Siobhan. What if she has feelings for both of us?” I said
“I don’t have time to wait around 12 years” Rose answers grinning “I still can’t believe you only just got together. You do see the way he looks at you, don’t you?”
Blowing out a breath, I tell her, “We’re fine. It's just the Jimmy thing. Sam wants to be close to me, that's all.”
Sonny’s words cut right to the heart of things for me. It also reminded me of a certain conversation with Sam a few nights before we left the bunker.
“Cas” I whimper. I want to squirm away from his words, but his eyes and his fingers keep me right where I am, right where I want to be.
Squinting at me, he tilts his head and my hearts tilts on its axis, “What good thing did I do, Dean”
“Sam, I saw what was on your computer. You found Amara? I asked hopefully
Jumping off the seat, I say “Shuddup you. For that, you can come with me" I tell him before grabbing him in a headlock.
Turning to go down the stairs to lock up, I can hear Cas’s deep laugh following me.
Touching her arm, I said as gently as I could, “Amy, all Nicholas wants is you. Despite his friends here and the days out, it was you he missed. As you say, the rest will come in time. I have a favour to ask. It’s something we started doing for the boys, who leave here. If you are not comfortable with it, we don’t have to give it to Nicholas.”
I huff out a laugh and stand up, “We’ll be back soon”.
Dean stares into his coffee; his mind gearing into overtime.
Travis seems to get what I was trying not to say, which was roomie equals protector.
After we break for lunch, Sam swaps places with Eileen, and she takes her turn in the lake with the boys.
I know I’m crowding Cas as we tidy up the vegetable garden side by side, but I need to feel him, need to soak his grounding presence in, so I don’t fall apart.
“I’m halfway through the measuring. Good job I found these weighing scales in the kitchen” I replied
Cas beams, “Yes. Are you sure I kissed you fine, Dean? Because if we do this, I would like it to be enjoyable and comfortable for you”
I caught his hand just before we went into the bunker and squeezed it “Later” I whispered in his ear.
“Please let me finish”
On Cas’s heels, as we burst through the door, the image of Michaels arms up and calling for Cas break my heart.
Jimmy finally cracks a smile when he sees it.
Eileen looked pleased as punch as Sam said, “Head massage?”
As I watch Keith climb the stairs it comes to me that all the boy’s clothes have a bit more wear and tear than usual. They all could use some new clothes. And haircuts.
Sam watches as Dean swallows hard, not making eye contact. Nodding his head, he answers, “Thanks, Sammy.”
I called the girls and told them the good news and to make their way back to us. It was time to celebrate.
“Oh” I said “We,” indicating Cas, Sam, Jack, Rowena and myself, “We are on the same side. You I’m not convinced about”
So, we try to keep it in the bedroom. But sometimes we don’t succeed but can you blame me. It's Cas. So yeah, smitten I am.
She then turned to Siobhan lying in the bed, “So this is the famous Siobhan?”
Finally, he reassures her, “Sam will bring Dean around. Don’t worry, that was just a knee jerk reaction from Dean. He won’t leave Jack down or stand down when the Universe is in danger. Give Sam the time he asked for.”
Also, there had been a couple of emergencies, that delayed Michael being seen to, which didn’t help matters.
Sonny was right. There is nothing scarier that a human that abuses a child.
We made our way to the main room, just as Kaia, Claire, Alex, Donna and Jody came through the front door, laden down with pizza and beer.
The boys were happy to do a small hike. Despite their sleep getting interrupted, they had an abundance of energy, that needed to be burnt off. They took turns throwing sticks for Miracle and laughing when she caught every one, no matter how far they threw them.
Feeling more in control, I said, “Thanks Sam. I……..thanks”
Rowena tilts her head as if something got her attention, “I need to go. The bodyguard detail will keep their distance but will remain until we catch Walker.”
Releasing Cas, I stand slowly as does Cas. “Afternoon Deputy, what can I do for you?”
And this was only part of the fight. No matter how this turns out we still have to face Chuck, and Jack is on the front lines in that fight.
I looked up at Rowena. She hadn’t said a word since the spell was finished.
CASTIEL
Sam sounds really excited as he answers, “Actually, Dean that sounds like a great plan? I’ll say it to Eileen, and I’ll organise cover here. I can’t wait”
Rowena also manged to wrangle a promise from the boys that if she lost her throne to some demon that they would help her regain it. The woman was incorrigible, Castiel thought. But she was also on their side.
Jack looked puzzled and tried again.
While Sam and Eileen set up the spell in the barn, I spend time with the boys inside the house, still using the excuse about the bears before Nicholas pipes up, “Cas, Rose said she hadn’t heard about the bears and called the Sheriff about it.”
After hustling the boys to bed, Cas winks at me and says he’s taking a shower. I don’t know whether it was the wink or the thoughts of why he was taking the shower, but I blush to the roots of my hair.
The Entity and Eve are strong and causing untold damage, but Jack isn’t worried about that. He is watching Dean and Sam as they are tossed across time. He watches as Castiel and Arael struggle to keep up with them.
Looking at Cas, “Text me and let me know how you are getting on ok. Actually, text me anyway”
"Ah never", he answers sheepishly
Dean’s face still hadn’t changed expression and it was starting to freak me out a bit “Dean…”I started
I nod my head towards the office and once inside I explain what Ms Mason said about Nicholas’s situation.
I feel Cas’s hand slip into mine as we continue to wave, and I never prayed so hard to Jack, asking him to please watch over Jimmy.
After a few hours, Jack takes his leave, but he promises to drop in soon. I want to continue the impromptu party but a glance at Cas shows he's exhausted.
He grins at me, squeezing my hand before he releases it.
The three boys stand up and crowd around him, “Happy for you Jimmy” Joseph and Keith say while Nicholas pats him on the shoulder.
Cas’s hands wrapped around me again pumping my cock.
“Cas please” said Dean “Don’t be mad. We need it to be a backup plan and I know you don’t want to do it, so I will.
“I’ve given him the anxiety medicine. He’s out like a light already. He shouldn’t wake up but if he does you can give him another dose in six hours, ok” Sarah said.
We stared into each other eyes and our minds joined together as if it was the most natural thing in the world, we shared thoughts, feelings, emotions, memories. We were more connected than any other two people ever were.
I hold Cas’s hand as he dials Claire's number and puts her on speaker. After exchanging pleasantries for a few minutes, she asks about the boys we have, and I can see her interest in the boys, touches Cas. Eventually, he tells her we have a specific reason for ringing, and then he tells her.
Dean and Sam stare at each other in disbelief before Sam says, “It feels like we just arrived a few weeks ago.”
Cas squeezes my hand as he passes me and says, “I’ll wait outside.”
I drove the car into the garage of the bunker.
Just then the man turned in our direction and I heard Cas inhale sharply
With Cas’s head lying on my chest, I’m nearly gone when I hear Cas’s whisper, “When can we do that again, Dean?”
Over Cas’s shoulder I can see Jimmy just outside the kitchen window, getting to work on washing Miracle but first things first.
I’m bothered by the fact that he would move on so quickly. Like how in love with me was he really. And he’s moving on with an exact replica of me. So, like any Dean will do. Yeah, that makes sense. That’s why it bothers me.
Cas automatically curled into the embrace. He pressed his face against my neck, his arm tight around my waist. I was so surprised that I hadn’t time to react before Cas groaned and jumped up off the swing, sloshing some of his beer onto the porch at the suddenness of the movement.
When I put her down, Cas and Sam are standing arm in arm smiling at the two of us.
Cas had been completely silent the whole time we told him the plan. Now he was gazing at his son in concern.
There were no more deadlines, or end of the world scenarios, no major bad guys, nothing but time.
Siobhan said “I wanted to tell you, but I could never find the words and then other stuff got in the way, but now you know, everything, well the important stuff anyway. Everything else we have a lifetime for”
All I knew was pain. It was my whole world. It was relentless and never ending. I thought the Entity was bad. This was worse. I felt like the very molecules that held me together were being torn apart and put back wrong. I felt wrong. I felt…………..
I looked over at her and said “Hey, That’s my line”
Hoping he won’t put two and two together and come up with Helen, I try to deflect, “Deputy, I have worked with a lot of law enforcement officers in my time and helped them plenty. I have my sources.”
There are umbrellas that can be hired out, so I grab one and set it up while Cas pulls out the blanket and lays it down.
Jackie takes a moment before answering, “Cas, I have been a nurse for a long time, and I still remember my training.
Dean and I collapsed into tears of laughter ourselves and we didn’t stop for ages.
I know I have gone a shade of pink and resolutely do not look behind me at Cas as I follow Sonny into the house.
I listen to Sonny and think ok, that doesn’t sound so bad. Sonny told us privately that the boys are allowed to leave the farm, but only with one of us, but Cas is heading into town alone for his first trip until we get familiar with the place, or so I thought.
In the afternoon, Cas was taking a walk around the farm, Jimmy was in with Michael and the boys were playing outside, when Robin pulled up outside for her guitar lessons.
A sob breaks from his mouth before he wraps his arms around my neck. I can feel his tears wetting my t-shirt and I hold him as tight as I can, as his body shakes, wishing I could find a way to make it better for him.
Feeling a dread come over me I look up at Cas sharply to find tears streaming down his face.
Chuck rolled his eyes “Oh Siobhan, please don’t tell me you’re going to beg?”
Jody snorts, “Probably dumb and dumber.”
Lying in bed, I was sandwiched between Cas and Dean. Dean was lying on one side and on the other Cas was half sprawled over me, his head on my chest, with his arm thrown across my body to wrap around Dean’s waist.
After a while, the gas disappeared and Siobhan was lying on the bed again, her wounds seemed even more severe now.
Dean leans in and kisses my cheek, “No place I rather be”
Walking towards Sonny I growled at him, “Dean works just fine as well, you know”.
“Do they have to do that?” I asked
Managing to catch my breath I told him, “Cas, I would give up my firstborn to have seen you do that. Just for the look on Sam’s face alone”
“Just a couple of weeks” I told him
“I’ll sleep when this is over” Sam replied and then he opened a book and we both dived back in.
“Sam has Naomi contacted you yet? I asked
How he must have felt when he saw me hook up with women.
Rose looked at me with an innocent face, “Sure sugar, whatever you say”.
Rowena’s face turned hard, “What’s this now?”
Saying he’ll leave the kitchen to last; we head upstairs where Sonny shows us the boys’ rooms, three rooms with three beds in each. Jimmy the eldest boy has a room to himself while the three younger boys are bunking together. There is also one bathroom on the floor for the boys to use.
“Yes, she is the final Prophet, and you are the only Nephilim. But Jack are you sure?” Naomi asked
Emboldened, Cas turns his attention to the other nipple, sucking gently while tweaking the one he abandoned with his thumb and forefinger.
I turned to her “You are the final Prophet and the Conduit; you are the one they want to hear from”
“I’m sorry Jimmy, but it looks like we could be in for another rough week. Do you want to switch rooms, its ok if you do?”
Dean looked startled but answered “Who? Oh God, you mean. No not yet but it will be soon”
The ground shuddered under our feet again and we nearly lost our footing. If this kept up the bunker could come down around our heads.
SIOBHAN
Filling up two bowls of popcorn (because Sam & Eileen would share one, the saps) I make my way out to the TV room.
I was hearing half snatched conversations from eons ago, that made no sense in modern times.
I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a weird sensation, but when I look up and see how wrecked I’m making Cas, all sense of weirdness vanishes.
Castiel and Dean grin dopily at each other for a few moments before Castiel groans, “Dean, for the love of everything, kiss me.”
It’s 8.30 pm that evening, I can’t put it off any longer. I ring Helen.
“Why did you leave her there, Jack? Dean said furiously
“Dean there are 24 ingredients to add to the spell at different times. As I said the timing is crucial” Rowena said
“Sonny is there a gardening store in town where I can get seeds and utensils for our gardening project?”  Cas asks.
“Look I’ll see what I can do” she promised
He squeezed my hand and mumbled “Yes Dean, I feel much better. Thank you for staying. I haven’t slept this well in a while”.
Sam swallowed hard after he said that. “God”
Nuzzling his neck, I said, “You know, you could try and make me feel better.”
Dean laughs before shaking his head, “Dammit, Sammy; it really is you. What do you need?”
“That’s right. I had forgotten about that” Jack said.
I nod at her before turning to Jackie, “Have you rung Rose and told her what happened”
“Can’t sleep?” I whispered
“Yes” he whispered back
Jimmy just stares at Dean in disbelief, then looks at me before resting on Sam. “You’re seriously telling me you are going to Hell, just like that. And what about this Queen, won’t she hurt you. Why are you doing this?”
Sam looked at me with raised eyebrows and said, “Excuse me?”
I knew I was grinning like an idiot and so was he. Cas smiling had to be one of the most beautiful sights in the world.
“I know” Jack said quietly. In fact, he barely said anything on the drive home.
“Absolutely Dean, thank you”, Sonny replies.
“I missed you too, Dean, missed you a lot” Cas slurs against my neck, his arms tight around my shoulders.
Dinner with the boys is precisely what I need. Their presence and sense of humour lift my spirits. Rose has left two plated dinners for me in the oven to bring to Dean and Jimmy. She also corners me about the bear story, but I tell her we must have got some bad intel. She looks at me like she isn’t sure if she believes me.
Collapsing onto my bed, the bed I haven’t slept in since Saturday night, I bury my face in my hands as the sequence of pictures crosses my mind.
“Us” I said
“Dean, Dean slow down, please. Slow down” Sam pleaded, “Take a breath, you’re ok, breathe”
CASTIEL
Just as I’m about to follow him, a knock at the door surprises me, one, because we rarely get interrupted up here, and two, it’s very early.
Dean and Sam has managed to persuade Rowena that this was the only way for all of them to have a chance of survival.
Cas pulled his leg up on the bed mimicking me, so we were face to face, “I don’t care. I’ll go with you, Dean”.
“Yes” said Sarah smiling, “And I heard we had a nightmare free night last night as well”
“That’s a hell of an art project you’ve got going there.”
“Dean, Cas can you come in here please?”
Then I loved him as a brother and as a best friend, but it wasn’t until I came from Purgatory that I knew that I was in love with him.
Jimmy’s face seems to soften at that before looking confused, “Missing.”
The next morning I'm up early to help Rose with breakfast which she gives out to me about.
I shrug, “Few calls, nothing major, you?” pointing to the phone in his hand.
I look in the back seat to the boys who look excited, but I tell them no, “Believe me guys, where we are going, it’s better”
His eyes never leave my face while I clean him up. Cas sits down on the opposite side of the bed and takes Jimmy’s hand gently, mindful of the cast.
It was Naomi that answered “You are the Conduit, Siobhan. You need to stay here. If we can decipher the spell, it’s you that it has to be performed on.
………………………………………………………………………………………
I shook myself and I made a mental effort to think positive.
“So right” said Davie who was a hunter that Dean had reached out to.
Squeezing him lightly, I press my lips to Cas’s back between his shoulder blades as I feel him shift beside me.
Instead I said to him, “So if you want snuggles, we will need to discuss terms for payment”
“Yes, you do but it’s been a week and…” I trailed off
“Damn Cas, did you leave anything for anyone else?” I ask laughing.
Moments later we found ourselves in a white room with a couch and chairs.
I was someone who cared and despite the fact I tried to hide it, the people who loved me saw it. So, what was the point of pretending.
Sam speaks up, “And that’s our cue to leave” dragging Eileen out of the room, both of them giggling.
Then I heard Cas and Dean talking about going for a drive as they passed my door.
Jimmy pulls away and stands up. It’s Cas’s turn as he hugs him tight, whispering words into his ear, and Jimmy nods into his shoulder.
Over the years, Cas had always disappeared for weeks at a time and I would always feel his loss keenly but never really examined why. When he turned up again, I always feel a sharp surge of happiness, revelling in his company.
“Any chance you can make room for me. Sure, I’m only a little bitty thing” I asked
Naomi looked like she was going to argue but seemed to think better of it.
I find Cas in the waiting room, talking with Jackie and Sarah, who stands when she sees me. “Dean, I just heard the news. I’m so happy for Jimmy”
Sam came back at that moment with the nicest tasting Chinese I ever did have.
Cas then told Sam, Eileen and me that Michael never mentioned his new powers to Jimmy, as Michael said he could sense that Jimmy wasn’t ready to hear it on the car ride home.
It might also have to do with the fact that a line of admirers both female and male were lining up after Cas.
We were greeted by two demons wearing female meat suits, who gestured for us to go ahead.
Jimmy nods his head warily before I tell him, “I’ll text you when we are ready to leave, ok. Take your time.”
I frown down at the phone, “Motel, hell no. You can stay here. We have a spare room”.
I immediately fall to my knees, my chest heaving with unshed tears that are bursting to come out, but my anger is stronger.
He gave it a valiant effort in fairness, but even so, when the five boys collapsed with Joseph on top, sending the lot of us into gales of laughter, we were lucky we were sending them to bed and not the emergency room.
He was Cas. Blue suit, trench coat, messy haired Cas.
“I suppose I just never thought that far ahead. Every time I think of what has to be done, I’m thinking, How do we get close to Chuck? What if the angels and demons have no effect on him?, What if Siobhan and I get separated?. These are the things I think about, I just never thought about………..”
And last is Joseph, also 10 years old, blond, blue eyes, slightly chubby and a talker once he gets going but had the most mischievous smile, you can’t help grinning back at him.
As I pass through the house, I wave to Robin, Jimmy and Joseph on my way to the kitchen. The kitchen is empty, but I can hear Rose’s laughter nearby. Looking out the window, I can see Cas is continuing the self-defence class with Keith and Nicholas.
Michael crawls out of Cas’s arms and into mine, “They’re gone, Dean. The monsters are gone. Did you send them away?”
Cas’s face faltered a bit, but he answered, “Payback. I thought if we gave them a taste of their own medicine, they would stop. Payback is good right?  Are you upset?”
Dean is so out of it; he doesn’t even notice. And this isn’t the first outburst from Dean.
“Siobhan” he whispered.
Jimmy’s face went from white to red as he ducks his head down, not meeting my eyes. I was feeling a bit hot under the collar myself.
After dinner, Sam disappeared.
“I’d like you to leave please”
Answering the phone, I bypassed a hello with a “Sonny, is that you?”
“I’m not mad at you Jack. I’m not. I’m mad at me. I’m mad at Naomi, but not you.”
We break for something to eat after a couple of hours, laying out on blankets and towels. After eating, I make sure the boys wait before going into the water again. Instead, they play a game with the ball, the adults begging mercy to be left to rest.
I left Sam and Dean and made my way to Jack’s room.
Returning to Jimmy, I pat him on the shoulder and said, “Come with me”.
I stop and do the same expression he did to me, leaning back while tapping my fingers to my chin, before smirking back down at him.
“Hello”
I snorted as I thought, my god, there is a sexual deviant working in the boy’s home. And it’s me.
An hour later, the sink is fixed, the kitchen is clean, the chickens are fed, and Cas and Jimmy have checked over their garden. But now, Cas is nowhere to be found, and neither are the boys. Climbing the stairs, I meet Jimmy on the way down.
Rowena came over to inspect his work. After a couple of moments, she nodded her head, pleased by what she saw.
“Yes, I am” I replied
Walking with our arms still around each other, I know what he means. I have the same thoughts when I look at Cas, he looks like he's actually glowing.
Dean continues, “He saved me by telling me he loved me. And the Entity took him”
I was stood in the middle of the room completely blown away. I can’t believe it, I really can’t believe it.
Friday afternoon, the boys have just finished their schoolwork.
I blew out a breath in frustration. This wasn’t the way I planned these six months to go. I thought I could come here and help out Sonny while deciding the next phase of my life. But this life just keeps sucking me back in. And Jimmy’s paying the price.
“No, no you can’t do this to me” Chuck cried
I knocked once on Jack’s door and I heard him say “Come in.”
At that, Michael does smile and says, “Yes”.
………………………………………………………………………………………….
Pursing his lips, Travis responds, “Dean you know I can’t give you specifics of what we discussed but we did get off to a good start. Better than I hoped. It was a good idea doing his counseling here".
“Well” I said “Judging by the way he looks, I think you’re right, Cas”
CASTIEL
“Yeah, Cas is up there with Trace.  Jimmy should be ready for us”
He smiles a bit, meeting my gaze in the rear-view mirror, and I give him a nod that means, go ahead, ask me.
Jack turned to me looking stricken “Siobhan I’m sorry, I should have…..”
Rose and I walk them to the car with Sarah promising to be back Wednesday, squeezing my arm and telling me again that I got this.
I get the boys back into the car and it isn’t until I climb in myself that I realise, Jimmy is sitting shotgun.
Such was my return to good form; I couldn’t help but tease him a little.
When I wake, the sun is on the other side of the house, and the room seems dimmer. I feel rested, but I know I didn’t wake naturally.
Coming face to face with Michael, I realise how much I’d missed him. We stare at each other for a moment before he throws himself into my arms, burying his face in my neck. It’s only when I feel a dampness on my shoulder that I realise he’s crying.
Breaking the kiss, I see Cas’s dazed expression before he looks over at Sam, “Sorry Sam, I didn’t know you were going to come in here tonight”
“No nothing like that. I’ve been thinking all night about something”
Cas shuddered, as a sob escaped and he bowed his head, and I knew the former angel was on the verge of losing it.
“How so?” asked Cas
Taking a deep breath, I walk over to the boys, “Hey guys, we’re going to have to cut our visit short. We just got a warning; there have been sightings of black bears around these parts, so we need to go.”
Standing on the landing, I wait for Cas to join me. He closes the door behind him and like we had prearranged it, we reach for each other.
“Hey none of that” I reply “It can’t be harder than hunting vampires and the like” though my heart is hammering in my chest thinking about it.
I gaped at him in shock, but I couldn’t help myself, I dissolved into giggles along with him, “God no more porn channel for you. My heart can’t take it”.
“I can do that” Castiel said looking hurt.
I stared at him mutinously but followed him out of the room and into the corridor. Then he turned abruptly and went into a room I had never been in before. The room was small, but it was full of books like most of the rooms in the bunker.
To my utmost surprise Dean actually blushed and Cas was trying to stop a smile from spreading across his face.
“A week” Nicholas suggested
The minute I entered the room, Jack turned towards me and his eyes glowed like fire and I felt the surge of power in me again.
“Such a lost opportunity”, I lamented, shaking my head, which has the ladies laughing and has Cas staring at me fondly, his whole face lit up.
I don’t know how much time has passed before I hear the soft crunch of footsteps across the yard before solid arms encircle my waist, and the heat and smell that’s distinctly Cas envelopes me. Nuzzling the back of my neck, he says, “Missed you.”
Cas smiled over at me probably remembering when I said that to him in my room in the bunker. Crikey that seemed so long ago.
Rose was a no-nonsense woman and I liked her immediately. It steadied my nerves a bit to know that she would be here to help us settle in.
All three looked my way with Sam saying “You’re back, thank G……..dammit”
“Can I do it?” I hear Jimmy say from the back.
Sam’s arms are tight around me, “Me too, Dean. It's so good to be back.”
Castiel looked at Rowena curiously and said “You don’t know. I thought you knew everything”
He sits forward towards the phone bringing him even closer to me and says “I miss you Sam. I miss you and Eileen very much”
Standing outside his bedroom, I stop him before he enters, “I’ll say the same thing to you, that I said to Cas. If it gets too much, say it. I mean it, Jimmy. I know you want to help Michael, but you can’t do that if you are hurting. You’re here to heal as well, remember”.
…………………………………………………………………………………………..
Ms Mason then gives me a slight smile and holds her hand out. I shake it absently as she says “I’ll see you Friday. Tell the other Mr Winchester I said goodbye”.
Laughing, Sam pulls Cas in for another hug, his eyes meeting mine over his head.
The Entity’s voice is booming to be heard over the residents of the Empty, “You can’t have him. We made a deal; he is mine.”
“Ever since Heaven was replenished, we have been busy. It wasn’t easy convincing my fellow brothers and sisters that we had to fight our father, in order to survive, but eventually I did. Since then we have been searching texts and prophecies to help us strengthen our position.
I stood up quickly and crossed to the window but couldn’t see any movement, but our window faced the back of the house. So, I travelled back across the room again to get my phone and ring Sam. As I wait for him to answer, Cas picks Michael up and puts him into our bed, tucking the blankets around him. He then grabs some clothes and disappears into the bathroom to dress.
“SON OF A BITCH”, I roar, flinging the phone across the room.
I would have given my right arm to linger in bed this Sunday morning with Cas, but Sam and Eileen were visiting, and I didn’t want to waste a minute, so to compromise, we shared a shower, kissing and stroking each other to completion.
Looking at her in disbelief, I bit out, “Helen how am I supposed to handle him going back to that house. And you see how much Michael looks up to him. How am I going to tell him? How am I going………..”
The lake appears like magic. A beautiful, glittering blue lake. It's surrounded by pine trees and grass crunches under our feet that runs all the way down to the water’s edge.
After seeing Helen off, I go back into the house and see that Cas is still in the office. The amazing weekend we just had with the boys is fading fast from his face.
Cas holds out his hand, “Ms Mason its lovely to meet you, Cas Winchester”.
Four pairs of eyes look up at me from the couch, while Jimmy is chewing his nails down to the quick on one of the armchairs.
I grinned and said “That’s Miracle, I did mention her, right?
Cas practically threw himself on the bed and put his arms around me for a bear hug.
A buzzing filled my ears after Dean’s speech. Did I hear him right?? Do I get this as well?? Do I get both of them forever? I looked at Dean and answered him.
They obviously found nothing scary in my mock glare as they all dissolved into giggles, with Miracle barking in solidarity.
Cas came back with 5 glasses and a bottle of whiskey. While we drank, Jack and I told them what Naomi had found out.
There’s silence at the lakeside for one shining moment before the boys dissolve into laughter with him and Cas buries his face in my neck, not able to keep a sob from escaping.
Cas’s eyes widen and he pales under his tan, “Dean I forgave you for that. You explained why you had to do it. I understood but Dean that was a long time ago. Why has this come up now”.
Both Sam and I lower ourselves to the enormous couch while Rowena makes herself comfortable in a lounge chair opposite us.
Dean reached us first “Is it working?
Michael, who at this moment was in with Travis after losing a big brother, a protector, someone who made him feel safe.
Cas stops and turns slowly. Sam and Eileen are looking at me wide eyed before Sam mumbles, “We’ll leave you to it”
I hold up my beer as he makes his way to over to sit down and I ask him if he wants one.
“You mean we appreciate it,” a voice says behind Sam. Opening my eyes, I see Cas standing there with Eileen watching the two of us fondly.
Castiel’s sobs were breaking my heart. Dean didn’t make a sound.
The eyes he turns on me are wild with panic. I understood the look. Shaking my head, I bet it was the same look Sonny saw in my eyes when he told me he would fight for me to stay here all those years ago. The want and need for something more, something stable that wouldn’t collapse under your feet.
“What? Jack asked, “You think he can’t hurt her?”
I smiled at him, “Yes, Dean, it’s good.”
Cas’s mouth was so fucking hot. His tongue swirled over the head of my cock again before he swallowed me down to the base, before sucking me back up to the top. Another swirl of tongue around the top of my cock before Cas plunged again swallowing me whole.
I saw the faces in the room like a story.
“Excellent. Cas, you can carry Michael down and I’ll set up a place for you both on the back porch, when it’s time. Why should Michael miss out on all the fun?” I said grinning
Swallowing hard at hearing my friend's voice, I ask him, “Hey Sonny, how are you?”
For the first time, I watch as Jimmy’s eyes look at me in fear, but he sits up, staring me straight in the eye, and says, “Dean and Sam Winchester, hunters of demons and Castiel an Angel of the Lord. Demons are real, and you hunt them; Cas is an Angel. How am I doing so far?”
“Oh my god Dean, he said that I had the power to control the Angels” I said
I point at the coffeepot ignoring the smirk from my brother. I grab a mug and pour myself some coffee. I take two deep gulps from my cup before turning to face the room.
A bed that was in a strange room that I did not recognize.
“He left a note, Cas. He’s gone to see Naomi” Sam replied
Over the three weeks, we had some more boys stay with us. All short termers that stayed for various reasons, just for a night or two, but they kept Cas and me busy. On one of the weekends, we took in two brothers, Aaron who was 12 and Rory who was 10. Their mother had gotten sick and had no family to mind them while she got better. They shared a room, and the boys made them welcome, even though they were very skittish to be in a strange place.
Sam reaches Dean and says, “Never better”
I look at him in surprise because the weekend has snuck up on me and I had nothing planned. Seeing his face start to falter, I quickly ask, “What would you like to do tomorrow, Joseph?”
Jack mentally stopped his musings and went back to searching Naomi’s memories.
Cas looks to me and says “Rowena.” Cas looks away for a moment and then exhales loudly, “Rowena, she knows something, Dean. She was looking at Michael very curiously. I think she could have answers for us.”
He had tried to talk to Siobhan, standing at the door to her room asking her to talk to him but she wouldn’t. He felt terrible that he had hurt her, but he knew it was for the best.
So, I tell him. He deserves to know. Jimmy has spent hours in Michael’s company, sitting with him, reading to him and sharing his room and keeping an eye on him at night. He’s invested too.
Naomi pursed her lips and said “I was busy”
“Why are you in my apartment” I said. “How do you know my name, did you do this?” Indicating the destruction that was now the remains of my apartment.
So why wouldn’t he move on. Why wouldn’t he move on with an exact replica of you that is giving him everything you’re not. Fuck.
It only takes a moment to realise that this is not the usual resident of Heaven. This woman is an Angel. Jack has a rule that Angels are to leave humans alone and vice versa, so this visitor is unusual.
This isn’t me. I am a one-man woman. I’m pretty vanilla when it comes to men, what, now that I’m part Angel it’s a different flavour every week.
As I turned, still smiling, I caught Cas staring at me. The expression on his face was beautiful as he smiled back at me.
“You sound chirpy” I said “How’s the head?”
And I did.
I don’t know why, but I believed him
None of us go to bed that night. We take turns napping, but mainly we patrol the house, making sure we don't have company.
Nodding my head, I tell her, “I understand. I had a difficult father myself. Always wanted to help him, please him. It wasn’t always appreciated. But with Michael and the boys, Jimmy gets to help them, and they do appreciate it”.
Jimmy’s eyes flashed, and he spat out, “No, Dean, I’m not ok. My father will be forever known as the man who beat his son and died of a heart attack afterwards when he didn’t. He didn’t do it. It wasn’t him, Dean. And it’s all your fault. If you hadn’t come here……………….” Jimmy breaks off, gasping.
Oh boy I thought, here we go
I reached for Cas and Siobhan, it wasn’t rushed or frantic, it slow burned like time slowing down for us, so we could enjoy it and each other. I wanted to pour everything I was feeling into my touch and my kisses so they could feel what they meant to me. I knew then and there, if we made it through this, I wanted this for the rest of my life. There would never be anyone else for me but them. This was it. By some miracle we had found each other in this relationship that probably made sense to no one but ourselves, and that was ok. It made sense to us.
“Open it Sam, please” Dean asked in a rush of breath
My head jerks up, and I meet Cas’s eyes. I can’t go to the lake. I have to stay here in case Jimmy needs me. There’s no way I can do it. But I also can’t do that to the boys. They don’t deserve that.
“Well, It’s like this. I need someone to run the farm for a while. Maybe for around six months. I don’t want to close it up as this place is a refuge for the kids and I know the State is looking for any reason to shut me down. Sure, why rehabilitate a kid when you can lock them up, right?” Sonny said sounding uncharacteristically bitter.
After a few hours, Jack took his leave, but he promised to drop in soon. I wanted to continue the impromptu party but a glance at Cas showed he was exhausted.
“Burgers” Sam replied, “You’re getting burgers with chips and would it kill you to try the salad with it”.
I lean back to look at him and Cas has a look of such relief on his face, “I thought you might change your mind about us, that you would find this too hard to handle, you looked so shocked, Dean”
I know I hid him from you in my memories because it’s too painful to talk about, but I want you to know now.
I grab Cas’s hands, peppering them with small kisses while never taking my eyes from his.
“Guys, Rowena is taking this personally. She had Hell locked down and working efficiently and safely, well she had, “seeing our sceptical looks.
Rowena looked at me with one perfectly arched eyebrow and I thought, “Oh boy this is going to take a while.”
When she pulls back, she laughs up at the young man, poking his chest with her finger, “I don’t care how much sugar you give me; you are not getting out of going tonight. It’s Halloween, Sam. You can’t let me go to the party alone. You never know what monsters will get me.”
“Hey guys. It’s great to see you” Chuck said waving and smiling at us.
Cas stands up and makes his way to stand in front with me. My breath catches as I watch him, and the electricity is sparking between us.
Returning the grin, I said, “Yeah it really is. Next time we come back, Michael will be able to go into the water, right Michael?” and he bobs his head in agreement.
Before my eyes, Cas turned an impressive shade of red and muttered something I couldn’t hear.
The ice cream treats go down, well, like a treat judging from the happy grins coming my way. Joseph has an impressive ice cream moustache which I rub off with a napkin all the while grinning goofily at me.
When I was finished, Jody shook her head and said “Wow I thought our lives were weird but yours is………is………..”
Cas’s face is blank as he says, “He’s the demon.”
Jack there is something else I have to say. I know about the end game. I know it’s not a backup plan. I know what Billie and the Entity want you to do.
Both men smiled and me and Dean said “Yes, let’s do this.
SIOBHAN
“Jimmy, please”, I beg him.
I then turned to Cas and said, “What’s he doing?”
Movement at the door behind Rowena and Naomi had me looking up. Standing there was the most beautiful sight in the world. Dean and Cas looking, well they looked like they had been on vacation. The tension was gone from their faces, their bodies. They stood together, their shoulders touching. They looked happy.
Sam was still standing there.
Rubbing the back of my neck, the heat spreads from my toes up to my hairline. We have now gone entirely into feelings territory.
Plastering a smile on my face, I reach for his suitcase, “Here gimmie”, taking it from him and putting it in the trunk of Helen’s car.
“Cas,” croaked Jimmy before flinging his right arm around his neck and pulling him in what looked like a brutal neck hold. It’s an awkward group hug, but we didn’t care, especially when Jimmy starts heaving sobs like he can’t catch his breath. The front of my tee is getting soaked, but so’s Jimmy’s hospital gown from both Cas and me.
Then I held my hands up and said “I’m sorry Cas but ………….”
Sam stuck his head around the door at that moment and said, “Naomi’s here” and he left again.
Rose mock glares at me as she walks away, “You wash your tongue boy”.
………………………………………………………………………………………
The same furniture decorates the living room, though the television looks new.
Naomi looked at me puzzled “Siobhan I’m sorry but they are not allowed any further into Heaven”
Cas stares up at me with anxious eyes.
His tongue flicks over Cas’s nipples, returning the favour and Cas’s moans are nearly his undoing.
My brain was trying to comprehend those words when Cas continued as if the words were falling out of his mouth without consent.
“What’s up? Said Dean
“How long was I out?” I asked
I wiped my face on my shirt and finally looked at Cas. Really looked at him.
“Ok” said Dean “Let’s just say, we crack the texts, and we get what we need, Siobhan both of you have to be within touching distance of God for this to work. That’s suicide. Not to mention, he won’t let you near him in the first place.”
The air smells clean with hints of jasmine. It’s the most beautiful place they have ever seen.
Robin looks over her shoulder and says “Oh hi Wade. You haven’t met Dean yet, have you. This is Dean Winchester. He’s taken over from Sonny while he gets better. Dean this is Deputy Wade Myers”
I dry and dress in boxers and a t-shirt and leave the bathroom.
Rowena wasn’t kidding about how complex the spell was. The quantities had to be exact, the sequence which they were added was meticulous but more than that, each ingredient had its own timetable of when it was added to the pot. But, then again this was a spell to disarm a God, and not any God. The God. So, no pressure.
Back home, the boys including Sam and Cas, head up for showers while I get dinner started. Thanks to Rose all I had to do was heat up two large shepherd's pie she had left in the fridge for us. Eileen helps set the table and it’s nice for the two of us to get some alone time together and we chat lightly between ourselves.
I snort in mock disgust, “Seriously she doesn’t even pretend anymore” which earns me sniggers from the three of them.
And Sam nodded “Of course take whatever one you want.”
Grabbing Sam, I said, “C’mon, you can have your old room. But we‘ll have breakfast first. The boys will be down soon.”
“Hell is right Dean” cried Rowena. “This is a heavy-duty spell Dean. I’m going to be calling on the elements in the universe to make this work. You and Sam can’t be here. You have to go.”
I throw myself into a seat and take deep breaths while watching the activity around. I don't move again until I see the sheriff's car pulling into the car park.
Castiel’s rumbling laughter dies out as he begins to ride Dean’s cock,  the words “Olani hoath ol”, a constant mantra from his lips until they both crest another wave of pleasure together.
“You’re doing very well, Jimmy. Everything you just said is true.”
“But you must remember something from it” I asked
I glance over at Cas and I swear there's a hint of a smile on Cas’s face as if he knows I'd been watching him.
I was disappointed as I had wanted to say good night.
Expecting it to be an ass-kicking from Rose, I mutter, “Come in, Rose.”
We sit and finish our beers in silence, sitting shoulder to shoulder on the porch swing, and if Cas has a problem that I don’t leave go his hand, he doesn’t mention it, but he doesn’t let go either.
“Jack, I think Archangel trumps a priest or a pastor any day” I said “We want the people closest to us to be involved in the ceremony. This is for us. This family. Standing in front of our friends showing them who we are and what we mean to each other and that includes you and Sam.
“Jimmy, Cas and I are lucky to have extra resources that Sonny didn’t have. We’re happy to spend it on you guys. It’s a few clothes; it’s a phone, it’s days out. They are normal, nice things that everyone should experience, and it brings Cas and me such……………………. joy to be able to do it. But it’s not just for you, Jimmy.
As I reach her, I place a hand on her arm, “Ms Mason, what is it. Are you ok?”
Everyone turned to us with mouths open but Dean, Cas and I were staring at Jack.
I huff a laugh and stand up, “Those boys have impeccable timing, don’t they”
Both of us stand up but Cas holds me back from leaving the room to ask if I had a successful trip.
The trees are enormous, trunks as wide as redwoods, the branches green and leafy. The grass beneath their feet is thick and springy, a hothouse of exotic and fragrant flowers in the brightest of colours everywhere they look.
Kneeling beside him, Dean asks, “Sam, are you ok?”
Cas withdraws his hand like he’s been burnt, “What?”
We watch for a few moments before I tip Sam on the shoulder and indicate he should follow me out.
Both of us had only ever been with women so this was as new for him as it was for me, so we were taking it slow, but even we had to admit something was missing.
“The Enochian language is very involved and dynamic. It’s hard to give a true translation” Naomi replied
Blanching, I answer “Of course Cas. This is your home. Always will be”
“Jesus Cas, a Cambion. The only other one we met was so powerful and meant for Lucifer. We don’t know where he is now. What do we tell Michael?”
I watched Sam as he got more and more animated over their plans. I knew he was including me in those plans but the more he talked, the more tired I felt.
Dean shakes his head slightly and shares a confused glance with Sam before looking back down at Donna, who smiles before hugging him again. Against his chest, she says, “She really is happy you’re here. Your death hit her pretty hard, Dean. She’s missed you. Give her some time.”
Dean telling me “Later” at the front door when we got home.
Standing there with Cas, our arms around each other, I want to tell him right there and then, that I want to try with him but all that comes out is “That will never happen”.
I was right.
From the moment Dean took the phone from Rose, I’ve watched as Dean got paler and angrier as he listened to Jackie on the phone. So rattled was he that he threw the Impalas keys at me and said, “You're driving”.
I am ready.
Tilting his head to the side, he taps his chin as if giving the question serious thought. Laughing, I said, "You already know what you want to do, cheeky, spit it out".
We stood like that for I don’t know how long.
Sam and Jack stood, and Sam said, “We’ll see you out there”, and squeezed Siobhan’s hand.
“I think she’s just fine” I said grinning into my coffee.
“Under the post office in town” he replied
I raise my eyes at that and ignore the sudden stab of something, deep in my belly.
“Guys listen. That’s only a small part of it. Once I found out Castiel’s secret I studied everything I could about the Empty and the Entity that lives there. This is a place when Angels and demons go when they die, right?
They both looked surprised at my outburst, but hell, this wasn’t fair.
My heart was breaking with each word coming from Jimmy’s mouth, “I don’t know Jimmy. Maybe your Dad had turned over a new leaf. Maybe he was trying to make it work. You said yourself it was only last week that he changed, really changed. Can you tell us what happened Friday night?”
As he looks at her, something shocking occurs to him, but he files it away to discuss with Sam later.
“Are you scared?” Kaia asked Jack
I scrubbed my eyes with my hands.
Winking at Eileen I said “The stomach wants what the stomach wants. So, what’s it getting?”
“Yes” Cas agreed “Thank you Jody”
Both boys nod at me and I gather them in for a hug which they return tightly.
Sam, Dean and Jack were standing on one side and a woman standing on the other.
Everybody raised their glasses and repeated the words. Jack sat there looking shy but proud.
Cas giggled again but then gave me what I could only describe as a downright sultry look, “Was I bad Dean? Was I very very bad?”
“The look on your face, Dean” Cas answers with his deep growl. “You looked like you needed it”.
Feeling panicked, I said, “I’m not sure, Joe, but you are to stay here with Eileen and stay away from the windows. Do as Eileen tells you,” before Cas, Sam and I run from the sitting room, closing the door behind us.
“Where the hell have you two been?” I ask more harshly then is warranted
“It’s better that you don’t know” Siobhan replied
“Yeah, we might as well be comfortable. Dean, I’ll pay for it”
I nodded my head.
I can only do one thing until then, and I was not looking forward to it. We wait until Sam and Eileen have taken the boys to the lake before we go back to the office.
Cas grins at me over a bag of fertiliser and says “We got a good haul. The lady at the gardening store was very helpful”.
Things are still a little awkward between Cas and me, and I hate myself for not clearing the air. But I hate it even worse that Cas thinks his touch isn’t welcome. Cas has been careful not to touch me, and it's breaking my heart that I made him feel this way.
Cas looked so shy, but he looked me right in the eye and asked “Next time, I want you inside me, I would really like that”
“Jimmy”
Waggling his eyebrows at me, he said, “What story, THE story, the love story, Dean. Like whom got their head out of their ass first?”
Helen smiles at us then and says, “Fine; I will if you will, Dean”, catching me off guard. At my blush, she asks, “You’re not giving up on Jimmy, are you?”
The following week is pretty much routine, except now I'm getting regular texts from Jimmy. I always get a buzz seeing his texts coming through, even if it is a message saying, “I’m nearly sure my science teacher is a failed experiment .”
Donna and Jody are in the small kitchen fixing drinks for them, so Dean wanders around, looking at photos that dot every surface. Lots of photos of Clare and Kaia, including a wedding photo, Alex pictured with a couple of children and lots of just Jody and Donna in various places looking very coupley. Dean raises his eyes at that. Good for them.
I look at Cas puzzled but he's grimacing at me as well. “Ok, what’s wrong” I ask.
Reaching for Cas, I pull him into a hug, “I love you Cas. I love you so fucking much” I whisper into his ear. “And I'm not ashamed of us ok, I’m not. But we are going to meet people like that everywhere we go, and I want to have your back, just like you had mine, right now”
“Ah don’t worry sugar” she grins at me “That boy has eyes for no one, but you”.
I snort loudly “Yeah. He saw right through my bull in ten seconds flat.
“Yeah well, he nearly ruined the outing for the boys, but I think I managed to salvage it. All in all, they had a good time, I think” I said to her.
I don’t even hear Cas coming in. I feel hands pulling my hands, prying them away from my face. Cas’s face is swimming before my eyes. Its only then that I realise I’m crying.
While Dean and I stood with Siobhan, Sam was huddled with Rowena, going through the spell ingredients, making sure they had everything they needed and studying the quantities and formation that they were put together. They seemed to be pleased by what they had. That was something at least.
I turned in Sam’s arms to see Jack standing there.
“Oh God what now? What’s happened Cas?”
Hugging them both goodnight, I watch as Sam and Eileen climb the stairs before helping Cas lock up the house. As I’m locking the front door, Sam comes back down the stairs and pulls me into another hug, “I’m so glad we’re here”
Suddenly, Jack is beside me, he takes my hand and Chuck’s shout “NO” is ringing in my ears as we appear back in the kitchen.
Even though I was hoping to do something different, that didn’t stop me from helping out Sam and Eileen in setting up the bunker in preparation for its new role in the combat of monsters and the training of hunters. We cleaned out 20 bedrooms, buying sheets and duvets to make them ready for weary hunters. We turned another room into an infirmary, stocking up on gauze, alcohol, pain medication, syringes etc.
Rowena collapsed onto her throne, took out her phone and texted Sam.
Cas’s next words surprise the hell out of me, “You look so beautiful”.
I walked out of the room totally embarrassed before I realised I hadn’t a clue where I had to go but thankfully, I heard Jacks voice and made my way towards that.
Cas looked at me helplessly, then he got off the bed and we left the room.
Dean then told the story all over again for their benefit and ended it this time holding out the letter to Jack.
The Sheriff takes off his hat and lowers his head, “My apologies for the late hour, but I have just got back from all-day meetings with my superiors. They want Jimmy questioned tomorrow. I have informed Helen so she can be here as Jimmy’s advocate.”
“What” I asked
Jackie is on the phone when I pass her station. I need air. Foregoing the elevator, I run down the stairs, bursting out the front doors of the hospital.
Sarah joins us, bringing a new boyfriend, Luke, who seems like a nice guy, and Helen arrives with her sister. Both couples have plans elsewhere, but they stay a couple of hours, and I might be biased, but it seems the four of them are reluctant to leave when they do.
Sam just says one word, “Jimmy”, and all I can do is jerk my head.
But its Cas’s reactions that are the most surprising. He’s the most relaxed I have ever seen him. He’s returning the smiles, he’s ducking his head and blushing up a storm at the compliments to his cooking and whatever else bullshit line, Alt Dean is feeding him, and it bothers me. It really fucking bothers me.
I wasn’t sure I could go back to more of the same. I didn’t think after everything we had gone through; I could go back to killing vampires and werewolves and the like.
Dean swallows hard before answering, “Ok Cas, I can do that, but we need some supplies, we need to prep……..”
Cas looks back at him with a full Dom brow, growling, “They were in my way.”
But did he want an intimate relationship. A sexual one. Cas may be human now, but he was an Angel for a gazillion years.
I turned my stunned face to Dean, and he nodded once, his face serious.
Jackie huffs a breath, “Well, your run-in with Deputy Myers did not go unnoticed. But don’t worry, everyone in town knows exactly what he’s like, so they’ll pay it no mind. If it had been Sheriff Myers, then that would be a different story.”
Jackie looks sideways at Rose and continues, “I hope you don’t mind, but Rose has kept me up to date with your romance. I promise it hasn’t gone past me. I would never”
“Damn Cas, did you leave anything for anyone else?” I asked laughing.
I need my brother. I need to see him and to hug him and to tell him I was happy. He deserves that. I know he worries about me just as much as I worry about him. And I know when I tell him about Cas and me, he will be our staunchest supporter.
“Dean”
He grinned at me. Dean, Cas and Jack arrived in together and they grabbed something quick and 15 minutes later we were in the Impala and tearing out of the garage.
Cas attempted to visit another two times, but it became clear that anytime Sam brought Cas up in conversation, Dean would change the subject, and it became evident that Dean never told Sam about his feelings for him. Dean had even snapped at Sam and told him to not bring Cas’s name up again with him.
Getting ready for bed later, I'm exhausted after our first full day as guardians at Sonny’s farm. Not just weary in body but in soul as well. I already have so much in common with the boys here that I'd spent a lot of the day remembering my own childhood.
Now I knocked on Dean’s door and he answered “Hey good morning” he said
As I watched Siobhan, she looked around me to Jack.
…………………………………………………………………………………………
The barber next door was able to fit the four boys in. I would have liked Jimmy to get a haircut, but I decided not to push it.
Keith’s face goes bright red, “Really, Dean.”
At the mention of Cas’s full name, Michael turns his face to look at him as he continues “You have a choice of rooms. You can have your own room, or you can share. What would you like?”
Maybe because that is what Naomi wanted, she thought everyone else was like her.
Jack and I laughed at them. “Did you practise that” I asked “Cos it was good you know”
After lunch, I set up the wrought iron bench that sits on the back porch. It’s no swing seat like we have on the front porch, but I grab a few cushions from the couch in the sitting room and some blankets and make a little nest for Michael to relax on.
Jody shocked intake of breath clued me in “Sam didn’t tell you?”
Kicking off my shoes, I climb onto the bed and Cas turns to face me, “Talk to me, Cas. Sarah told me what happened, but I want to hear it from you”.
“WHAT HAVE YOU DONE”
Releasing my hand, she says, “You too, you too. And thank you. Sonny told me about you helping him out. I was very pleased to hear it. There aren’t many places like Sonny’s left I’m afraid. I would have hated to lose it”
I held Siobhan like I would never let her go. We both stared in awe at Castiel’s wings. He was an angel again. It was a glorious sight, to add to all the amazing, frightening and miraculous events that happened today. I was starting to feel completely wiped out.
It’s another beautiful day, and it is perfect for what I have in mind.
I rummaged around for clean underwear, jeans and t-shirt. I looked in the mirror and went “Ye Gods”
I couldn’t believe what Cas was saying. When he told me his thoughts about how we met and our encounters and our becoming a family meant to him, it took everything in me to keep it together. God, I love this man.
Highly indignant, I bark, “Hey, I’m right here”.
Looking down at the body she now possesses, she’s aware of the owner’s fatigue and what also feels like a low-level infection that she was probably not aware of having. In a blink, Arael fixes the vessel of all its ailments, including a cleaning.
………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Ending the call with Sheriff Winters of Idaho Springs after informing him that Special Agent Willis, AKA Claire Novak was indeed one of our up-and-coming agents, I sit back and looked around the library. The changes are subtle, but it has a more organised look to it.
Unconsciously Cas and I stand on either side of Jimmy’s bed as he enters.
As the door closes behind me, I swear I can hear a stifled sob; the only thing is I don’t know if it came from him or me.
“So now what do we do with her” Dean said
I took it that he was, so I waggled my eyebrows at him lavishly, “What, so you can brazenly use my body for snuggles, you have no shame”.
Holding his arms apart he said “Desperate times………” Siobhan hiccupped and walked into his arms for a hug.
“Dean” Cas said
Sam is watching this also and he alternates with watching them to watching me to watching Eileen with Alt Sam. I’m surprised his head doesn’t fall off from ping ponging all over the place.
Dean, looking annoyed, said, “Yeah yeah, so we’ve heard.”
“But you must have because I saw it” I said
I looked over my shoulder to see Cas coming back into the room. He looked at me with an unreadable expression.
Jody looked back at me, her mouth bobbing open and closed.
You remind me so much of him. He was beautiful inside and out. He was curious and loving, and loyal and forgiving. He made me so proud, just like you do.
Dean leans back to look at her, puzzled, “Jody and I visit Sam and Eileen a couple of times a year. Sometimes they send us some info on a monster. Sam always talks about you.”
Not able to hold back a deep sigh, I tell him, “Sonny, Jimmy is going home next week.”
Back in the room, Trace tells us what he’s found out.
Our clothes dropped one by one.
Oh God, was Rose crying. No, I couldn’t deal with this. Not now.
“Cas am I disturbing you” Dean’s distinctly gravelly voice had me turning towards the door.
Pointing up the stairs with the spatula, “Go and hurry. I can’t guarantee your breakfast with seven other boys in the house”
The whine that leaves my mouth is low and needy, “Yes Cas, anything you want. I can do that”.
I still prayed every night, I would never, till the end of my days on this earth, not pray for Cas to be returned to me. The fact that I had no idea how to respond to his declaration of love didn’t matter. Cas was family. My family.
Sam and Jack left then. I took a deep breath and opened the door to Siobhan’s room.
Over the next couple of weeks, you will be able to filter the information you have accessed, and you will understand what you will need from it” Naomi replied
Michael nods just once, and then I am aware of Travis at my back.
“Dean, I didn’t know for sure, but the mental exercises I did with Jack, I shared his thoughts, just like he shared mine. I knew there was something he was hiding from me, but I just thought they were just private thoughts, just like I held back some stuff from him.
I held up my hands, “Rowena, Dean and I are fine. We are just a little tense, as you can imagine.”
I feel light as if I have lifted off the ground and floating in the air. The next thing I know, Jack is taking the bowls out of my hands. I stare at him, suddenly beside me and raise my hand to rest on his cheek.
She turned back to me looking harried “Because it needs de-icing and at least this I can fix. So, I’m doing something productive. OK? “
Rousing myself from the monstrosity that is trying to swallow me whole, I tiptoe out of the boy’s room and cross the landing to Michaels bedroom.
All five nod their heads at me.
Shaking my head, I said, “But Cas………….”
“No” said Dean “Sam shared his alright but then I did beg him, shamelessly”
When I floated back down to earth, I glanced up at Cas, who was already watching me.
I don’t know what expression is on Cas’s face or what his murmured response to Sam is, but the sasquatch’s face morphs into that of a freaking Disney princess faced with a forest full of animals. The saps, both of them.
I spun around and there standing with a grin on her face was Rowena. Beside her, looking like a fish out of water was Naomi.
“Lose the shades” I say by way of greeting, “You’re coming into an unground bunker”
Sam looked at me in silence when I broke the news to him and Eileen.
When feeling brave, Dean would swing by Rufus’s and Aretha’s place. Boy, that woman could sing, but he personally goes for the blueberry pie she bakes.
Siobhan came back and climbed up on the bed. Cas placed his hands on Siobhan’s shoulders, “If we are getting married to Dean, that means we are getting married to each other too, so Siobhan what I want to know is “Will you marry us?”
Sonny blew out a breath, “Dean what you’re doing for me………”
“Trace O’Brien”, I inform him.
Siobhan is sitting on the floor with her head in her hands. She’s breathing shallow breaths trying to digest what she had found out and to try stop her stomach churning. She was one breath away from emptying her stomach, not that there was anything to empty. She knew from her clothes that she had lost weight, and she didn’t have much to lose as it was. But she was driven to find an answer to this problem, Not just for Castiel but the boys as well. And now she had.
I look at him puzzled before I hear Sam talking, “Oh right”
“This is so not the reaction I was expecting” I say into Cas’s shoulder smiling.
Cas wakes me by nuzzling my cheek and whispering in my ear, “C’mon Dean. Let’s go to bed”.
Robin’s car is parked out front when I arrive home for her usual Tuesday afternoon lesson. Through the open window I can hear the guitar strings twanging, but it sounds an improvement on last week, I think.
I blow out my breath and turn to Rose “Well crap, that could have gone better. I didn’t realise they would take it I wasn’t coming back”
I groan as our cocks rub up against each other, before sighing against his lips, “Cas, I didn’t mean to start anything. We have to get up in a minute”.
I park up outside the restaurant named simply “Robin’s” and get out, with the boys following suit.
The neighbourhood she lives in isn’t bad, but at the same time, you don’t let down your guard.
“How did you guess” said Sam
On Friday evening, just after dinner, I'm making my way to the sitting room when my phone rings. It's Sam. Changing course, I walk out onto the porch at the front of the house and sit down on the porch swing.
Suddenly the room lurched, and the connection was broken between me and Jack.
Sam perks up to look at her, a question in his eyes. Eileen signs and answers, “Joseph told me he loved me,” and her eyes fill with tears. Jackie reaches over and squeezes her forearm.
I felt a bit guilty for not running after Cas straight away, but I was blown away by what he said.
Sam crows, “C’mon Dean you know you want to take Cas in. We’ll mind the boys”
I felt light in myself like I could bend my legs and push off the earth and fly.
Cas reaches over to devour my lips, before pulling away. Following his mouth, I moan, “mmm yum more please”.
“Can I?” I ask, and Michael nods his head.
Cas nods his head slowly, “Oh right. So, you must have been very important to each other then?”
Our silent conversation is interrupted by Keith, Nicholas and Joseph shuffling into the room. Joseph and Nicholas sit on either side of me on the ground while Keith climbs onto the bed and rubs Michaels back once before hovering nervously.
Looking at Siobhan, I didn’t say it, but I hoped she was right. I hoped we had a lifetime together.
“Dean, he’s really sorry. His Dad called him. He promises to ring you tomorrow,”
He’s at the mercy of adults Dean, he’s at the mercy of me and you and Sarah. I was thinking, imagine if we were like that doctor, if every day was………………… and then I realised, it was.
I hand Trace a ratty old towel from my bag to wipe himself down.
“Siobhan” I turned to look at Dean. “Thank you” he said
As I watch him, the hairs at the base of my neck bristle with awareness as if I'm being watched.
I looked over at Dean and Cas and both of them looked uncomfortable and shrugged apologetically at me
Cas and Jimmy came in when it started getting dark, both of them muddy and sweaty from their afternoon of digging. They went to shower, and when Rose announced that dinner would be on the table in 15 minutes, I chased the boys to wash up, before washing up myself. Dinner was a lively affair, it was Sonny’s last night, and he did his best to keep everyone’s spirits up, though Rose was a little bit teary eyed and tried to hide it.
A minute or so later, when I had control over my arms and legs again, I turn over to face him, to find Cas smiling, no not smiling, beaming at me, taking my breath away.
At the end of the road stood a cabin. It was a generous sized cabin that should be suitable for the five of them. Parked outside was a Sheriffs ranger truck. As we approached, Jody stepped out the front door and waited on the porch, her hand lifted in greeting. I climbed out as soon as Dean stopped the car. I made my way over to Jody and greeted her with a hug.
Naomi stepped out of the sandbox and stood in front of us. “I thought you were coming alone” she said.
For dessert, Rose had left out apple pie, and I lean back in my chair full and sated as I eat the last piece from my plate. Across the table, I find Cas’s gaze resting on me. I hold his gaze basking in the happiness I see on his face until my brother snorts under his breath, “Some things never change”.
I nod my head, “Is that so. Sheriff, can I have your number so I can call you back with a time” and the Sheriff hands me a business card with the Hurleyville PD logo embossed on it along with their phone numbers, email address and web page.
Shaking Cas’s hands, Sonny thanks him again and then pulls me in for a hug.
Maybe it was the situation, or the timing, or the fact I was ready to hear it, or maybe it was because Cas, former Angel of the Lord, former celestial wavelength who had been alive since the creation of time and my best friend, had told me that I was more than Daddy’s blunt instrument.
“Sam, is that you?” a voice calls out.
Sam jumped up, the sappy fecker and I followed. Cas beamed down at me from the top of the stairs, “Dean, Sam, look what I found in the thrift shop. People give away the most amazing stuff”.
“Hey Sammy, you’re a funny guy, do you know that, how you doing? You have time to talk?” I asked
“Don’t bother” Dean whispered in my ear. I turned slightly towards him as he said, “Angels don’t get sarcasm”.
This is Cas. He's worth a little frustration.
Her face lights up as she says “A what, vegetables you say, why that sounds like a wonderful idea. I’d love to see it”
“I love you, Castiel” she whispered
Dean is just getting his head around that when Cas continues, “By the way, you don’t need prep either if you decide you would like to try.”
I can’t help the smile on my face, “Us too Sammy. Can’t wait”
“Well, when my best friend who’s now pretending to be my boyfriend and doesn’t care who knows, because some assbutt was upsetting the boys, and he put them first, well then yeah, he gets a hug” Cas said into my ear, his breath puffing against my skin.
Rose snorts “Ah yeah, and also Betty at the grocery store and even Paul at the Gas N Sip”.
A throat being cleared behind us had us jumping apart. We turn to see Jimmy standing in the doorway grinning, “You too are adorable”
I nodded my head, “That’s good news. Maybe he’ll like a bit of his own space. He seems to like books. We should get him some more”.
“Jimmy Rogers sir” he answered.
“Hello, anyone home.”
“So, the girls were hoping to come up later to see you” I heard Jody say as Jack and I entered the cabin.
What we thought was “What the hell happened to Cas?”
I cover his hand in mine, “Dean, I believe Jimmy when he says he didn’t kill his father, but if he died supernaturally, how will we prove Jimmy didn’t do it.”
Dean looked at me and said “Sam knows about us, and now Jack should too”
I kneel up on the bed to lower Cas down. Tonight, is all about him.
“I just sent them outside. Who do want to start with?”.
Dean grabs onto his brother, just to make sure he’s real, “I was with Cas, we were……….”
“Dean Winchester when will you start seeing yourself clearly?” I said
Sonny was about to retort but it was Cas who beat him to it “Why, would that be a problem?”
Sam asks, “Are you sure Dean?”
The second Dean pulls Jimmy into his arms, Sam takes out his phone and Facetimes Eileen.
Sonny turned his attention to the four boys.
“Arael, where are we going? “Sam asks
“Yeah, it’s me, Sam. I need your help.”
Michael’s eyes grew even bigger as Cas said, “Actually Michael, I gave it up because I fell in love with a human, with Dean, he was my family, and I wanted to be with him.”
Cas recoils at the last word. “But they are children?”
“Why?” the Angel asked
He turned and smiled that crooked smile at me. Yeah, I was a goner.
“Yeah I was just discussing that with her” Sam said
“That’s great” said Jack “That way we can check out my case.”
“Oh boy” I thought
“Rowena, you have my word, if we all get through this, you will be the first person I call” Sam replied
Sam didn’t know what to do or say.
SIOBHAN
Arael steps up, “Castiel it might have separated them”
I watch Jimmy for a minute standing at the water’s edge staring out at the yacht before grabbing my t-shirt, Jimmy’s t-shirt and a hat.
Cas’s smile is so soft as he goes to kiss me. Abruptly, he pulls back before hugging me instead.
Cas’s release comes with a shout, cum spilling down my throat. I swallow hard at the unfamiliar sensation but don’t let up until he is done.
The fight when I blamed everything going wrong on him and he left, and I didn’t stop him.
…………………………………………………………………………………..
Once we finish eating, I look at Sam and say, “Where do we start?”
My mouth dropped open as I looked at Cas and then at Dean who had gone an impressive colour of rose. It was actually endearing.
I looked at Jack and said “It looks like it’s just you and me”
Cas is shaking his head as I shout, “NO, there’s no way, Helen. I don’t care what that man was doing to Jimmy; Jimmy wouldn’t kill him. He doesn’t have it in him. He loved his father.”
Robin sends someone over to take our order as she was getting slammed. Over a feast of burgers, chips, hot dogs, chicken nuggets (a lot of it which was sneaked under the table to Miracle) and a Caesar salad for Sam the boys talk about what ride they want to try next.
Not wanting to hurt the women’s feelings, he squeezes them both to him tightly before releasing them.
But Sammy as always surprises me.
I kissed him again, “I won’t. I want to see you and I want you to see me, for our first time. I want to watch you come Cas, that ok”.
Smiling, I reply to Cas, “Yeah, we are”. I lean forward to kiss him, “Tomorrow.”
“Do you want me to go?” I ask him, and he shakes his head.
“Dean,” Cas said
As he squeezes my shoulder, I glance at him quickly, whispering, “Thanks, Cas.”
Looking over our shoulders to where the boys are playing, he shrugs before answering “After I read the file, I knew I had to help”.
Spreading my arms apart  I said, “Probably not, but Sammy, why risk it?” as I sat next to Eileen with a grin.
Dinner that evening was lively with the party atmosphere carrying on into the sitting room where we played more charades, and Jimmy found a Twister game that the adults cried off on and laughed at the kids tying themselves up in knots.
“Rowena told me the spell is a bit on the rough side, it’s going to hurt, a lot, and I need both of your words that you won’t try to stop it”
My eyes widened, “Coming. I’ve heard them coming enough thanks”
I looked at Cas and then I handed back the letter to Sam.
Jimmy’s mouth twitches at that and he takes the phone off me but doesn’t meet my eyes. Behind me, Helen enters the room, and Jimmy says, “I’ll call him as soon as I finish with Helen.”
“Sam and Dean cared for you as a friend” ignoring his previous statement. “When Kevin Tran was called, they tried to find you. They tried to find out what happened to you, but they didn’t find anything. Now they know why. But they cared, Chuck. They cared for you before they knew who you truly were.
“I am Castiel. I’ve been looking for Dean. He jumped through time again, just as I arrived. I couldn’t stop it,” Castiel answers wearily.
There was silence in the room after I had finished speaking.
Dean walks down the steps to stand in front of her, “So how does this work,”
Cas and I are stretched out on the couch, Cas is fast asleep and I'm lying on top of him, head on his chest and Cas’s arm around my shoulder. That isn’t even the strangest part. The strangest part is, it doesn’t feel strange, in fact, I can’t remember the last time I felt so comfortable. I'm sorely tempted to lie back down, but I didn’t lock the house up properly, I'd no idea where Miracle is, and it wouldn’t do for the boys to find us like this in the morning.
Storing my purchases in the trunk of the Impala, I gun for home, secure in the knowledge that I will see my angel in less than 30 minutes.
I reply, “Who is this?”
I smile back at him but the revelation of this afternoon’s thoughts, won’t let me go. And maybe they shouldn’t. Not easily at least.
Catching sight of me, he huffs a breath, “It’s kinda warm out there already”
“Ahhhhhh Dean please, I can’t” Cas muttered.
“Never mind” Cas replied, “Answer the question, Naomi is it true?”
This time my smile isn’t forced, “Yeah I understand”.
Robin gives me a saucy wink and grins “Now I know what Shelley at the gardening centre was on about. He really is very easy on the eye”
“Hi Cas”. I can’t help myself as I bend my head to his shoulder and inhale him in.
I gestured at Sam to get the show on the road and when he was done we put our hands on the pot and found ourselves in a dark and cold corridor of Hell
Cas comes with a shout, jerking into my mouth so hard, it takes all I have to keep swallowing him down.
Cas looked anywhere but at me, “It’s difficult to bring up, I don’t want to embarrass you. My people skills might be improved but I need to know……………………”
Cas huffed out a laugh and reached for me at the same time. Holding him tight, I said to him, “Don’t hold back if this is what you need Cas, I told you, whatever you need, it’s yours”.
Exiting the car, I steer him by the shoulders towards the store.
Cas stood up and joined us. He just laid a hand on each of our backs, quietly giving strength and support.
Leaning back, I grin at him, glad we were ending on this note.
Cas and I retreated to my room to strategize.
“Hmmm” was all I got from Cas, still intent on my mouth.
Sam turns to me, “I could do with something to drink, how about you?”
Cas just stared at me and the colour seemed to drain from his face “Leaving. You mean like on a hunt”.
Juggling the files in my arms I answer her, “Ah no, no. All good.  They are all out back with Cas organising the vegetable garden”.
Both Dean and Cas rolled their eyes. I laughed
He seems to be bewildered by the attention she fawns on him, but he manages to hold his own.  He eventually reminds her that he needs to get back to the boys and that she also has to meet with each of them.
That was the hardest thing about all this. Siobhan went over and beyond for them. I knew she was as grateful for us as we were for her, that’s why my heart was sore for her this evening and I didn’t know how to help her.
Sam answered and said “She took a car and went into town”
Dean covered his face with his two hands, his breath hitching, and all he could think was, “Cas, I’m so sorry”
A young man steps down from the house he is standing in front of, the porch door swinging behind him. As the man approaches him, he smiles and asks, “Can I help you?”
Cas joined me and we walked her down to her room. Halfway there she stumbled, and I picked her up, hooking my arms under her knees.
The next three weeks fly by. Jimmy called on the Monday after he finished school as promised, and we spent nearly an hour talking. He told me about the reunion with his Dad, how his Dad could barely look at him as he apologised, how he seemed to be making more of an effort this time. His first day back at school was as awkward as he was dreading, but he wasn’t as behind in his schoolwork as he thought he would be, so that was a plus.
Stretching my back, I make my way to the kitchen for a much-needed mug of coffee to find Rose taking a break, drinking a coffee herself, sitting at the kitchen table.
Cas smiled at me and said “I know Dean. You show me every day. Never doubt my love Dean, like I will never doubt yours”
Cas looks stunned that I can't help tease him, “Cas your face is an open book. Your feelings for me are all over your face”
The next morning after breakfast we all stand in the front yard, Miracle included, to say goodbye to Sonny. He said his goodbyes to Rose in the kitchen beforehand, and she stands now on the porch just watching.
“Yeah, we have a backup for tonight. Anyway, I better get in there” I give a slight wave and then I’m making my way to the hospital entrance.
Leaning back a bit, he asks, “Sam?”
The silence behind him has him looking over his shoulder to find Sam squinting at him behind his glasses, “How did you know I married Eileen? We didn’t get together again until a year after your death, Dean.”
I looked at my brother remembering him as the boy he was, looking out for me when Dad was on a hunt. Who raised me, protected me, gave up Lisa and Ben to stay with me. Everything he sacrificed, everything he suffered and now to hear the words I’d never thought I would hear; I was floored. And I was so happy for him.
I clap a hand on Cas’s back and whisper “I’ll explain later” while I turn and murmur “sheltered upbringing” to Rose and Sonny and that seemed to settle that.
In the kitchen, the table was set for five, Siobhan always including Cas even though he didn’t eat. I could smell the makings of an Irish breakfast warming in the oven.
Wrapped around each other, we rutted frantically before I whispered, “You still have too many clothes on Cas”.
Cas steps forward then, “Sheriff Wade, please let us see Jimmy. You can come in with us. We just want him to know we are here for him, that he’s not alone. Please Sheriff”
Cas’s gaze on me is searching and I raise my eyebrows at him, “What”.
“Sam, I noticed on the way to the kitchen, that you have a lot of bedrooms set up and you’ve changed things around in the library. Are you expecting people?”
“D-Dawg needs coffee” I grumbled making my way to the coffee pot.
I can feel bile building up at the back of my throat, “Helen how can you send him back to that house? His father beats him for God’s sake”.
Cas tilts his head in that unique way, “And you, Dean. What about you?”
Grinning back at them, I laugh, “Sam you’re staying here, even if I have to stick you in the barn”
I watch until the car is out of sight, then I turn to face the house.
Castiel hugged Jack and walked over to us, putting his arm around Siobhan and resting his hand on my shoulder.
Cas laughed softly “You are incorrigible.”
With a final embrace and a nod over Sam’s shoulder to his son, Castiel departs.
“Are you sure you won’t come in?” I asked again
Her hands were unsteady as she tidied up after the spell and she looked shaken.
After Sam finishes, I raise my eyes to Jimmy, “The rest, you know.”
At Dean’s deer in the headlights look, Cas sits up in alarm, saying, “Dean, you don’t have to. I was just trying to explain………………..”
I found myself in the garage again, this time alone. I couldn’t breathe, the rage was so intense inside me. I didn’t take it out oo any of the cars like Cas did, I just paced, up and down, up and down.
Sam just looked at Dean and asked him “Well do you, trust her I mean?”
I look down at the card. It says Sarah Summers RN with the name of the Hurleyville General Hospital she works at, and her phone number.
Sam is sweating and pale looking with a nasty cut on his forehead but he’s alive and smiling.
“Ahhhh Cas, oh god so good…………. please Cas, I need you…………..I need you to fuck me, please Cas”
Looking down at the four boys I smile at them “Sorry if I worried you but I had to pick up some things for our road trip”
Sonny laughs when I tell him and he says, “I was hoping it would be you, D-Dawg, but I didn’t think you’d ever give up hunting”.
“Jesus Helen, what is it? Is Jimmy…………………...is Jimmy, ok?” I ask, dreading the answer
I didn’t like it, but I respected Jimmy’s decision. We talked for another few minutes, where he thanked me for the new Harry Potter book that I had posted him, before we hang up.
“Cas, I don’t want to rush you, we could…………….go…………..slow…….if that…………..would ………..make ……….you………….feel…………….better…..” The feel of Cas’s hands drifting down and grabbing my ass to pull me closer to him made me lose all coherent thought.
Joseph collapses into his chair giggling, before asking, “Can we go to the lake again?”
He’s safe, I’m safe, Sammy’s safe and we have this new life together. He’s my brother, my best friend, my anchor in this crazy world. No matter what life throws at us, we are still here, kicking and grinning”.
Cas nodded his head and then said “I’m disturbing you. I can put it away and let you get some more sleep” he said
Turning my head to look at Cas while being manhandled out of the kitchen, I ask in my most innocent voice “Something wrong Cas” and I'm rewarded with a growl. He drags me into the office before he releases me. Turning to face him, I look at him with raised eyebrows while fighting the smirk on my face.
I looked at Dean smiling “Eileen, I take it”
My face is buried in Cas’s neck unable to stop the torrent of tears flowing down my face, whispering “You’re here” over and over.
Her eyes were closed but otherwise, she looked perfect except for some redness on her chin. I looked at it closer and when I realised what it was, the tears fell.
I smiled at her in relief, “Thanks Sarah. I might just do that”.
I told her what I knew without mentioning you or the deal and then she thanked me and locked herself in her room with some books and her laptop. That’s all I know. But I don’t know why she was asking those questions.”
The look on Siobhan’s face when he jerked away from her was going to haunt him for a long time.
“Michael, it's time to go back inside. Sam and I need to speak to Rowena,” bending over to meet his eye.
When I manage to find my voice, I say, “Rowena, what are you doing here? Sam has been looking for you. He went to your…………………. home but you weren't there.”
I spoke to him “I have an appointment with Naomi”
I took one last sip of wine and then I stood saying “I’ll be back in a minute” I then walked to the bedroom and closed the door.
Cas answers him eagerly, “Sam that would be wonderful. Of course, I would love any ideas you can come up with”.
“Ok” said Rowena “Boys you will have to stand back. This will get a bit dicey and I don’t need you in my way. Naomi will help with the timing of the spell which has to be exact.”
“C’mon” said Dean “No one is going to bite you”
“Chuck, please don’t do this? I asked
Cas takes the flowers from me with one hand and grabs my face with the other, pulling me in for a kiss. Mmmm, first date kisses are the best.
“Can you put me onto Jimmy” Trace asks?
“Naomi, its lovely to see you. Its been so long” I replied
Cas glanced at Michael and said “Yes we did”
I didn’t understand why Naomi kept it from Siobhan.
Cas held up his beer and said “I agree”
Michael for his part seems to freeze, so Sam speaks first, signing along with his words. “You must be Michael. We have been looking forward to meeting you”
Jack stares at her for a long moment, “I’m afraid you outed yourself. A rookie mistake I’m surprised you made. .”
The boys are looking at me wide-eyed, so I take a deep breath and say, “Even though I’m happy that Jimmy gets to go home, I really really miss him.”
“Yeah, the roads were quiet” said Dean
My heart trembles a bit at the hopeful look on his face, “Dean, are you sure?”
“Look, I know you and Cas are busy with each other and its new the two of you, and you want to be together but it’s been over a month since we went on a hunt and I thought we could check this out, together. If you don’t, I understand”
True to his word, Richards texts through the lawyer’s number, Trace O’Brien, Attorney at Law. I put a call in to his office, leaving my name and number for him to call me urgently.
CASTIEL
I want to drag him away. I want to climb into the Impala with Cas and drive as far away from here as possible until the haunted look is gone from his face. But I can’t.
I broke the kiss and leaned my forehead against Dean’s.
I have my best friend at my side ready to take on this new challenge together and if deep down I feel contentment and peace at that knowledge, well it isn’t hurting anyone, is it.
The silence is such that I think he's going to say no but he nods his head just a tiny bit.
After that I took a walk around the property. Surrounded by fields on three sides, there was a wooded area to the rear of the property that Sonny told me has hiking trails. Halfway between the house and the woods was a big barn. I walked over to have a look around and saw it looked the exact same as when I was here 6 years ago. Plenty of storage space for whatever Cas picked up at the gardening store.
I pace the room, “Cas, this is bad, ok? Walker was a bad human. A driven, he was right, everyone was wrong, kind of human. That was 100 times worse when he became a vampire. I can’t imagine what he’s like as a demon.”
Naomi said a spell will finish the transformation but it’s all at the subatomic level and I’m sorry, but my eyes glazed over when she started getting technical about it.  Look, we have to go into some serious research mode to find this spell. Naomi said she would give us access to some of the relevant texts to help us out.” I said
But why would he? He totally rocks it. Dean can admit only to himself how much he wants to run his fingers through his hair, and now he is. And listening to the moans coming from Cas, he is enjoying it.
There’s silence on the other end of the line before the Deputy snaps out, “And how would you know that? That information is not for the public”
As we settle on the porch swing, Sam blurts out, “Well damn you anyway, Dean.”
“Or do you??
“Siobhan……….” Dean said
Dean then clapped his hands “Ok, Cas and I will pick up food and drinks. We’ll be back in no time.”
The clatter of footsteps coming up the porch and into the house is like a stampede.
The boys last all of five minutes before Joseph asks, “So, where are we going, Dean?”
I turn my head to look at him, “What, god no, it felt great, don’t stop”
I squeezed him tighter, while staring into his eyes, “Cas, you need to believe me when I say, that was one of the best sexual experiences of my life”
Shaking my head ruefully I smile at Cas and say, “So am I included in this surprise or are you taking the boys somewhere by yourself?”
I watch Dean’s face as he watches Jimmy. A kaleidoscope of emotions flashed across his face—anger, rage, fear and love.
After a quick shower and packing a bag, Cas and I were tearing up the miles towards Harrisionville.
Cas stands up and says “I’m sorry Keith, I should have realised. It has gotten very warm. I think we have enough done for today anyway”
Dialling Trace’s number, I answer him, “The truth.”
“Ach you poor child. What have they reduced you to? A glorified cleaner.”
Dean whispered “So what else is new” then he smiled and walked away.
We all ran for the stairs, Sam in the lead. He crashed through the door with the three of us on his heels. We then stood there looking up at the sky. The sky was lit with a white brilliance as if someone had turned on a light up there.
I escort Sarah down to the entrance hall where we meet Jimmy coming out of the kitchen munching on an apple.
Ok I want to stay close to Cas. Boy I have it bad.
I felt a shift beside me, and Dean had joined us. He put one of Siobhan’s arms around his neck and she laid her head on both of shoulders and cried a river.
Looking at her, I take a deep breath and say “Here goes nothing”
Rose speaks up then, “As I told Dean last time, the Sheriff isn’t an idiot. He knows what his son is like. I think the only reason he keeps him on is because of his wife; she adores him. But then only a mother could.
“Those were Sam’s words exactly. Apparently, his hatred of you both crossed over into his death. When we saved the world again, usurping God and giving Earth relative peace, well, he was jealous. It looks like he’s out for petty revenge.”
Michael nods slowly but otherwise looks calm. Hoping this doesn’t backfire big time, I hold out my hand towards him, palm facing up. Michael looks at it for a few moments before he hesitantly reaches out and puts his hand in mine.
Michael seems fascinated by the view when we arrive at the lake, taking a moment to take it all in. While the boy’s dump clothes and shoes by the water’s edge, Michael follows more slowly.
“What I mean is thank you for caring for me. I mean it, Dean, thanks for everything.”
Rose smiles sweetly at him, “I can tattoo it onto your forehead so that you will see it first thing, how about that” and we all laugh as Dean gives her a bitchface to rival even Sam.
“Cas, are you in there, can I come in” I asked from outside his door. It was a moment later before I heard “Of course Dean”.
And his biggest fear wasn’t that after, he would have lost Jack. Its, will he have lost the rest of his family because of it.
As I stand to face her, I realise that Rowena is not looking at me but Michael, and he’s returning the look.
Sam jerks hearing his name, and he watches as the young man throws himself onto the bench beside her. It’s him. Looking impossibly young and so in love with the girl beside him.
Cas slowly released my cock, before I dragged him up beside me.
“Helen, it’s Cas. Can you tell us what happened to Jimmy’s father?”
Through the window I could see Jack standing on the porch. He was facing away from the cabin towards the woods. I made my way back out the front door and across the porch to stand beside him. I slipped my hand into his and when he turned to me, our eyes blazed with fire.
Taking a chance, I reach for him and pull him in for a hug.
When Jacks arms came around me, I hadn’t even realised I had moved. I felt rooted to the spot.
But you don’t return it, do ya buddy. No, Cas told you he loves you and what’s he got for his trouble. Radio silence.
“Ah Yes and No, you didn’t find Siobhan I take it?” Sam asked
“No Cas, no. You know what this means? The plan to make Siobhan the Conduit, we can’t trust it now. We don’t know Naomi’s agenda. I knew it. I fucking knew it” I roared
“Why didn’t you ask me, Naomi” I repeated “Did you even consider asking me?”
“Heya, Sammy. Look at you, all grown up and then some,” Dean says shakily
The boys are full of chatter on the way to the lake. Now that Michael can’t sense the demons anymore and that we believe him, he seems more relaxed.
Cas returns the smile, “Your welcome Dean. Do you want me to stay?”
“I didn’t think it would be like this” Naomi whispered, “How much more can she take?”
“I don’t want to feel better”, I answer him stubbornly, “I want to be mad. I don’t want …….” huffing out a breath.
“Well now is not………..” I start to say before Cas interrupts
Arriving back at the house, I tell the boys to wash up before dinner, as Jimmy shoulder bumps me, before he heads upstairs.
We have been texting back and forth, but this is the first time we have actually spoken all week.
What Naomi told us, stunned us into silence. The implications were huge. The risk was phenomenal. And the reality of it a head wrecker.
At the look on my face he continued “Just think about it” and he pulled me down for a kiss.
Thanking Helen, I hang up and help get the boys to bed. I try not to let them see how worried I am, but I’m not sure I succeed.
“I needed that” Dean said
“Hell no, you will always be D-Dawg to me” Sonny said with an answering laugh and he embraced me tightly.
Cas looks at the bouquet of daisies, forget me knots and honeysuckle with a broad smile and astonished look.
At our blank looks, Rowena sighs, “Apparently, our rogue demon is a former rogue hunter that doesn’t like you Winchester boys too much.”
I left my room and stole my way to the garage where I picked the nearest car to the exit. I don’t speak cars, but it was black and shiny and scared the shit out of me. I dumped my bag into the back seat and then I made my way to find Sam.
SIOBHAN
Dean turns and smiles at the nephew he’s never met. Dean stops cold. He’s never met him. Not even in Heaven. Just like Jody and Donna or Claire, Kaia none of them. The only person he’s met after he died is Sam.
“Oh good, you’re here” Siobhan said
Once we were finished talking, Sarah said, “Ok, there is a drug I could prescribe called Paxil. It’s for kids with anxiety. It could help Michael to relax and maybe help with the nightmares, but I’m reluctant to prescribe it, unless necessary. But I also don’t want the two of you burning out either. It’s not just Michael you have to look after here.
Dean and Cas looked over and saw me and Dean said, “Aren’t you going to join us?” with a smile
“But what? Sam asked
This only made Cas swap one pair of arms for another. The next thing I knew I was enveloped in 6 feet of former angel.
“Siobhan, Siobhan” I can hear someone calling me and I wake with a start. Castiel is sitting on the bed holding me by the arms. “Castiel what??”
Knowing he won’t last long more I graze my finger against his prostate.
“Just that shit we think is important, who we are or supposed to be, doesn’t really matter. All that matters, we allow ourselves to be who we want to be, allow ourselves to be happy”.
But being Cas, he hadn’t pushed or tried to take my hand or anything else he might think I’ll be uncomfortable with, and I love him for it. But considering how long it's taken us to get together, maybe I should try to be a bit braver, in my personal life. Cas deserves it, we both did.
Sam looks horrified. Holding his arms up he says, “Ok truce. If we keep it in the bedroom, you will too. Deal”
Cas comes up beside me smiling down at Keith “I’d better come along in case he adds all the figures together and we find out later he should have multiplied them”
“Crap now that I’m here, I don’t know how to phrase this” I said
I would never truly understand the way he loves me.
“No. I saw you survive Hell and escaping it Dean. That’s what I saw”.
“I’m not sorry, I should be, but I’m not” Dean said
We all stared at Naomi. She was staring at Siobhan “Ok I’ll do it”.
Sam, Dean and Jack had all tried to coax her out of the room. The only person she responded to was Dean. For him she had opened the door and told him she was fine. She said that what she was working on was important and could be helpful in the fight against God. When Dean had asked for more information, she just said she wanted to be sure it would work before she told them and then she asked him to trust her.
I managed to win the argument that Jimmy had to eat something first. That was only part of the reason, though. I needed a break. I left Cas in the room under the pretext of getting us breakfast, but I needed to talk to Sam.
Ms Mason looking quite distracted says “Oh no, I’m fine, thank you”.
Cas’s appearance still takes me by surprise. Instead of the blue suit and tan trench coat, Cas is wearing all black. Black jeans, plain black t-shirt, black denim jacket and black hiking boots. The outfit makes his hair look darker and his eyes bluer than ever. He looks human, he looks………
Leaving them in the sitting room to start their schoolwork, I told them I would be in the office, if they needed anything.
In the bedroom, I sit Cas down on the bed, managing to detangle his arms from around my neck. He's discarded his coat and suit jacket, during the evening, so I bend down to take off his shoes.
Dean grins back, “Arael, she’s the first Angel Jack made. Totally badass. Calls Castiel grandad and everything.”
No need to tell him about the angel part, even though he’s not that anymore. The thought actually depresses me when I think of how much Cas has lost, but strangely he seems ok with it.
I hadn’t said anything, but I was so looking forward to seeing Claire. Even though I wasn’t her real father, I had felt a responsibility to her that had grown into real affection. I knew she just tolerated me but that was ok, just knowing she was alive and happy was enough for me.
I looked up from my beer “No”
Before venturing even further, he leans back to look at Cas. He looks utterly debauched, pupils blown, slick pink lips, and ferocious bed head. Dean grazes his fingers beneath the waist of Cas’s white slacks, all the while keeping eye contact, silently asking permission.
I know you are finding this extremely painful but I’m here
The boys gasp at everything they saw. There’s a Ferris Wheel that I’m eyeing with trepidation. It’s really really high. There’s bumper cars, a fun slide, a carousel, swings and Sam nudges me smirking when we pass a Tunnel of Love
“Eyes on the road Winchester” I growled at him “I want you around for a long long time.”
Cas kneels down beside me and introduces himself, “Hello Michael. My name is Castiel, but all my friends call me Cas”.
“Siobhan” Dean whispered, “What did you say?”
Grinning at him I say, “Thought you’d never get here bitch”
When I turned to him, Jimmy was standing there holding the new Harry Potter book before putting it into his bag.
I raise my eyebrows at that.
I could see that Chuck was still talking but the noise in my ears was deafening.
She joins me on the landing. Through the open door, all I can see is a small mound on the far over bed, covered in blankets.
But Joseph takes it to a new level when he tells me, “Here is like Hogwarts, Dean.”
Taking a step towards me, Cas said, “That's not a question, Dean”
“No wonder he was so upset when he found out you were leaving” Sam said “But Dean, do you really think it’s fair to him going with you when you can’t return his feelings. Maybe him staying here and giving him a chance to, you know get over you, might be the right thing to do”.
After I left Jack, I made my way to the room Dean and Siobhan were sleeping in. I sat in the only chair in the room, watching them sleep. I stayed like that until the light started creeping into the room.
“Thank God” I growl closing my laptop down, “I honestly thought you were going to get us to start painting every inch of the bunker next, cause like, it couldn’t be more ready”.
I was terrified by what she was telling me. The experience with the Entity was not that long ago and I’ll admit if only to myself that I still can remember my screams, the pain, his voice.
Sam stared again for a couple of moments before he said “Cas”.
There were still no sightings of Siobhan. We had sent her picture to every hunter on the land to keep an eye out for her, but no one had seen her.
I smile and turn to Cas, “How about you?”
“Guys I have some news for you. We’re having visitors next weekend”.
Hours later Castiel stood at the door to the bunker. He had walked until he calmed down in himself but now, he was worried about going inside. How could he face Siobhan? Would she really keep his secret, or would he be confronted with two angry and pissed off Winchesters inside?
“I’m fine” she said “Why do you ask?”
My heart was pounding in my chest. I couldn’t believe that a day would come when I would be asking this question to someone, never mind two someone’s.
“What, yeah I am” I laughed in surprise, “I thought I was going to have to argue with you till the cows came home.
Breathing hard, I lay tangled up in Cas. Lying on our sides, my face was turned into the crook of his neck. I couldn’t count how many times Cas and I had made love. We couldn’t get enough of each other. My heart was still overflowing from everything he said to me. What he had said to Siobhan while I eavesdropped. And the words he whispered to me while making love to me.
I turn to him in surprise, “I have to head to town to get the meat. We don’t have any here”
Dean clapped his hands together and said “I’ll organise drinks. Its celebration time.” Dean then smiled at Cas who returned the smile.
And I know right there and then I'm done running from my feelings.
Cas pulls on my arm, “Help me in the kitchen” Turning to Sam and Eileen, Cas talks and signs, You two make up a couple of rooms for them ok”
Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing and looked at Jack. Dean stood up; his face had gone white.
Sam stares at me for a long moment before he shrugs and takes a drink of his coffee, “Ok, that’s fine.”
We started to lean in towards each other and I could feel his breath on my face and then he was kissing me, his hands moved from my arms to my hair and I held onto his waist and kissed him back, like it was the last and only time I would kiss him, because in the back of mind I knew this is all it could be.
I can see Cas glaring at me, and I turn to grin and wink at him.
Sam mouth opened in awe “When did he tell you?”
Alt Dean continues, “I knew from dinner the first night how you felt about Cas. You didn’t hide your feelings very well. And after everyone went to bed, I got the full story out of Cas. Yes, I was disappointed, because, I am interested in Cas, but Cas is in love with you. He’s a wonderful person Dean. Why are you getting in your own way, when you could have him? Could be happy. And I realise now, it’s the same reason as I had, except for me, it’s the one thing I did stand up to my father about. He wasn’t happy about it, but in the end, he respected my decision”
Jack is her father.
We had invited Rose and Jackie, and they had said yes, and Helen and Sarah said they might swing by if they could.
I knew I had gone a shade of pink and resolutely did not look behind me at Cas as I followed Sonny into the house.
He stands as I enter the room and pulls me into a hug, “Today was a great day Dean, thank you” squeezing me tight.
I couldn’t say what I wanted to say. It wasn’t the time. But the urge to tell him that I hated not being with him, missed him sleeping in the next bed beside me, or us watching T.V together with the boys. Jeepers I had it bad. The avalanche of feelings I had for Cas left me breathless.
Jimmy looks caught out, so I jump in, “Jimmy didn’t see anything he liked. We might try somewhere else for him during the week. So, what are we going to order? I don’t know about you, but I’m starving.”
“What, I don’t understand” the pain of hearing that nearly winding me in the process.
As I lay listening to them, the memories of what I had gone through came trickling back. Oh Christ, it had been brutal.
Sonny then introduced us to the other three boys. They were all younger and smaller than Jimmy who was 14 years old, a good-looking boy with blond hair and blue eyes.
The Sheriff shakes his head and says, “Actually, I’m just here to tell you that we will no longer be pressing charges against Jimmy. There’s no obvious cause of death and the autopsy is a mess. I will still need a statement about what happened that night, Jimmy, if you are up for it”.
Suddenly exhausted, I try to blank my mind as much as I can and before I know it, I’m out.
Cas gives a bark of a laugh when the boys minus Jimmy come running up to sit under the umbrella, Miracle hot on their heels. It really is too hot to stand around if you're not going into the water.
He builds me up slowly, each stroke has me gasping into his mouth.
“I don’t understand” said Sam
Sam’s eyes go wide in his head at the exchange, and he looks over at me.
“Fine” I said throwing my hands up in the air. “But this better be good.”
And then I’m saying goodbye to Sammy. Again
“You’re asking me” he said in disbelief
“Hey” I said holding up my hands. “I never turn down hugs and kisses” I laughed “And you are barely getting three hours sleep as it is Sam. That’s why I didn’t wake you.”
I was awake hours, but I didn’t leave my room. I was trying to figure out a way to leave without telling the boys, as they would only try to stop me.
“Demons” I asked.
Dean nuzzled into my neck and said “I think my bones have dissolved. I can’t move.”
Cas, Dean and Sam jumped up when they saw us.
Standing there breathing in the warm spring air, I felt a lightness in me that I never thought would be possible. The world was safe from Chuck, Jack was watching over us now, Sam was safe and happy with Eileen and me, well I had Cas.
Dean looking highly indignant sputtered out “I wasn’t that bad”
“It’s just a contingency plan, Dean. I want to keep it secret” she said
In the silence after this statement, I asked him “Sonny, what’s wrong?”
“Yes” he smiled “I’m sure” and he turned towards his room.
I looked at Cas and then I looked at Sonny “Tell me about the boys we have here now”.
“Jack has been quiet” I said to her
Dean huffs a laugh, “The fairy tale stories sure got this wrong. I bet there isn’t even a stray cobweb in that house.”
Sam eyes widened as he watched me, “You know………. How…………..wait are ye already together. Your together and you didn’t tell me, dammit Dean”.
That distracted me “What, under the post office?
The last couple of hours were the strangest of my life. Meeting Adam, like Adam, the first man. And now Jack was in the passenger seat holding Adam’s rib.
Just when I thought it couldn’t get worse, Cas and Alt Dean settle themselves down on the couch in the TV room while Eileen and Alt Sam sit side by side on the loungers, leaving Sam and I standing in the room awkwardly.
She has a plain face and she wears no makeup, but the smile she turns on me, immediately transforms her face to pretty.
“30 minutes Siobhan?” Cas said “That’s…………….”
Cas looks up, “Water for me” and Eileen asks for the same
They looked at me puzzled but did what I asked.
Cas turned to me and said “I know this is a strange time but I’m so happy Dean, I can finally say it, I can finally allow myself to feel it. You telling me you were in love with me, was the best moment in my entire existence.”
Nicholas looks up at me and smiles sadly but nods his head.
Our kisses became more urgent, Cas was getting bolder, his tongue exploring my mouth like he had to know all its secrets.
Swallowing hard because I feel terrible, I said, “I’m sorry, Michael, but this came up at the last minute, and today is the only day they can do it. I’m really sorry.”
Sam turns on his heel and makes his way across Dean’s backyard towards his own house.
Dean and Castiel are standing there looking so beautiful she could barely breathe.
“I thought you would come with Jack, Siobhan?” Naomi said
It had been decided the previous week that Cas was going with Michael and I would stay here with the boys.
She did not look pleased at the assemble she found.
Perking up at that, I smile, “That sounds great Robin. Something to look forward to”.
We gave ourselves just the time to have breakfast to enjoy ourselves. Then Cas, Sam and I did a perimeter sweep around the cabin.
A muffled sob breaks free from Cas. Sarah looks at me and then looks at Cas. Understanding, I grab him under his arms and pull him up. Dragging him from the room, Cas makes no effort to fight me.
I winked at Dean over her head and said “I do this for Sam’s hair every Saturday night”
When I emerge, 20 minutes later, I find Jimmy and Cas conversing quietly, Cas leaning forward on my chair.
Dean looks back to the older man still standing on the porch. My god, that was Sam.
It was like balancing on a tightrope. I was constantly on edge. When we were hunting, we were on high alert, every muscle primed to fight, my mind razor-sharp. When we weren’t hunting, Dad and Sam would snipe constantly, and I would act as referee, and when Dad disappeared, I had to look after Sam and make sure he was safe and fed. There was no let-up, no rest from the constant pressure of duty and responsibility.
Tears run down both their faces, as Nicholas says over and over, “I missed you, Mama, missed you”
Jimmy speaks up then, “Dean you don’t have to be sorry. You’ve brought us loads of places. We didn’t used to have that”
Sam jumped up, the sappy fecker and I followed. Cas beamed down at me from the top of the stairs, “Dean, Sam, look what I found in the thrift shop. People give away the most amazing stuff”.
I nod and turn back to Cas. We join the other boys in the sitting room as they watch telly, relaxing after another day of activity.
“Sorry, this is Trace O’Brien. You called my office earlier. I’m ringing from my cell phone.”
I answered her “Because, Chuck kidnapped Siobhan this afternoon, so we put up all the sidgils we could, to protect ourselves.”
A text coming through my phone grabs my attention. It’s Richards letting me know the whereabouts he’s parked.
Climbing up onto the porch, Sam holds the door open and waves for Dean to go in, “My wife isn’t here, I’m afraid. She’s visiting friends for the afternoon. She‘ll be so pissed that she missed you.”
Cas looks stunned, so I step in, “Michael, Cas used to be an Angel, but he gave it up to become human.”,
Turning to Rose I said, “Can you gather the boys in the sitting room. I’m not sure if he’ll be in the mood to meet them, but just in case”.
“Yeah, I guess I’d be interested” Jimmy answered quietly.
Michael seems happier after getting to speak to Jimmy, as did the other boys. When it’s my turn, he appears enthusiastic about telling me his bit of news even though this is his fifth time repeating it.
Making my way back into the sitting room, Sam turns to me, “Dean, Rowena said they arrived a few minutes ago. They haven’t taken hosts. They’re just watching.”
Keith opens the door and peeks up at us with his wide surprised eyes. His red hair is sticking out in several directions and I have the vague thought maybe I should have helped him brush it.
I looked back at Dean and then at Cas “There is no place I’d rather be than here with you, believe me”
I can see Nicholas as we play chess and Keith as I smear sunscreen on him.
The Sheriff watches him leave before turning back to us, “I’m sorry about that, but son you can’t threaten an officer of the law like that”
“What. Cas is free to do what he likes with whoever he likes. It doesn’t bother me” but as I make my way back to my room, a tiny thought slivers in. I really think it bothers me.
Craning my neck again, I snort in disbelief, remembering that night.
“Yeah, that's a good idea. I’ll go with you. Cas, Sam and I will be back. You want something to drink?”
Cas agrees solemnly, “Agreed”.
“Stop” said Dean “I can’t bring you down there Siobhan”
The story starts just after Season 15 Episode 14.
“Sonny, you didn’t have to do that” I protest “I spent my life sleeping on crappy motel beds, Cas too, we would have managed”.
Sonny is leaning forward, elbows on knees, head down. He looks at both of us through his fringe and sighs “I hope you won’t go running for the hills, but a lot of these kids are coming from homes that you couldn’t imagine in your nightmares. Some of these kids have experienced neglect, but most have been abused, emotionally, physically, sexually”.
I wanted to hug both of them one more time, but I couldn’t risk them getting suspicious.
He told me about Jack and the trials that Death was putting him through to make him stronger for his fight against God. I think I might have actually blacked out at that part.
Squirming slightly, I huff a laugh, “Well we were, until Saturday night?”
“Hey Sam”
With a barely quick last once over, she spreads her wings and flies.
“Back so soon, Jack. I did tell you I would think about it.”
I turned Siobhan over, so she was facing me, making sure the coat covered her. I brushed the hair away from her face. Physically she looked fine. There was no sign of her clothes, not even burnt remnants.
Sam’s eyebrows reach the top of his head, “You mean….”
Dean broke off breathing heavily. I asked him, “Dean, he’s ok right?”
“Of course Prophet” he replied
Sam shrugged, "We talked about it last night, about falling back into the habit of hunting 24/7. There's plenty of hunters to take up the slack. We can afford a weekend a month for ourselves"
Nicholas is delighted with his new phone and when Sam hands him the rest of the Harry Potter books in the collection; we thought the normally stoic Nicholas would go into meltdown.
“How can I convince you?” Naomi said.
Michael looks up at Cas and nods slightly.
I did what Sammy asked me to do, I breathed.
Dean smiles, “Ok, that’s good. At least we know where he is……...you are…..is, dammit”
I found myself standing in the middle of the map room all by myself. There’s a joke in this somewhere, I thought.
Dean cuts him off again with a bruising kiss, gasping into his mouth, “No, I want to. Yes, next time, definitely, we’re doing that.”
Clapping my hands, I tell them, “Ok dinner's nearly ready so go wash up and we’ll meet you in the kitchen”
Turning him towards me, I go in for a kiss, morning breath be damned, and Cas returns it like he does everything. With his whole body.
“We’re leaving” I said “Now”
Towards the end of dinner, I notice that Michael has gone very still with his head tilted, which Dean says reminds him of me. I watch as he climbs down from his seat and leaves the kitchen with a furrowed brow. Assuming he’s gone to the bathroom, it's another few minutes, when he doesn’t return, that I go looking for him. As I leave the kitchen, I notice the front door is wide open, and out on the porch is Michael, standing so still.
I awake slowly, taking the time before I open my eyes to just enjoy the moment. Curled around Cas’s warm body, a body smelling of earth and air and sex, I remember the events of last night, letting the images fill my mind, remembering every touch and kiss and look between us.
Rowena started talking “Siobhan, whatever you say to me will be between us, I promise you. And nothing you can say will even come close to the loathsome things I have done in my time”
Cas comes back with the washcloth and hands it to me. I hold my hand out with the cloth, “Shush Jimmy, it’s ok, let me clean you up.”
“Roger, where did it get delivered from?” I asked
We eventually made our way to the shower to freshen up. We took turns washing each other, taking time for kisses, and teasing and soft touches, exploring this new dynamic with us.
“Who is this” I growled; the voice only vaguely familiar
“Dean, Sonny’s sister used to visit all the time. So of course, it's ok" Rose reassures me.
Castiel is still lying on top of me but he looked up at Siobhan and said “Come here”
Coughing out a laugh, I look down at him as he squints up at me with one eye open. I ask, “Is that a trick question?”
Dean nods and says, “Ok. Are you going to go there?”
Sarah and I go back into the room for her to say goodbye to Michael. She doesn’t touch him, but she kneels by his bed and she assures him she will be back on Wednesday.
“Ah don’t worry sugar” she grins at me “That boy has eyes for no one, but you”.
The boys still had me in a bear hug, and I loved it and yet I couldn’t bear it at the same time.
I loved them and they loved me. The rest would figure itself out.
“You’ll stay,” Jimmy asks
Blowing out a breath in exasperation, Sam bites out, “Dean, you and I have a lifetime of memories; as you can see, I’m not twenty-two anymore; give me a sec.”
“Please, get up and thank you” I said
Nodding my head, I said, “I understand. I’m not here to give out, ok. I’m here to give you your conditions of release from my custody.”
He nodded “Buts that’s different”.
This was it. Cas and I were on our own with four small charges to care for. All of a sudden, a nest of vampires didn’t sound too bad.
“Yes. Jack is going to stay here” Castiel replied
“This is where we brought you because your apartment was not safe. Do you remember what happened??”
But no matter how much I prayed, I never got a response.
The Entity was here. I had yanked him back from the bunker and now he was close.
“I’m always ready to be of service to you Dean, You know that” Cas said somewhat sarcastically that I did a double-take look at him
That I could smell bacon as well, hurried my shuffling along. I found Sam standing over the stove cooking breakfast and Eileen and Cas sitting at the kitchen table, coffee cups in front of them.
Cas’s eyes widened again and dropped to my lips. He looked back up at me and stammered “But……you can’t. You can’t love me like that, you don’t like men, this vessel is the wrong kind for you”.
Jesus.
Leaving the room, I notice that the Deputy guarding the door is gone. Nodding my head in relief, I walk up to the nurse’s station where Jackie and Helen are talking. Despite everything, I can’t help the smile on my face.
I then ran the whole way to the garage, jumped in the car, pointed the car away from Lebanon, Kansas and drove before I changed my mind.
The two beings smirk at each other before turning their gazes onto Jack. Jack returns their stares with a calm one of his own. After a few minutes, when none of them gives an inch, Jack is pleased to see a sliver of doubt cross Eve’s face before the Entity scoffs, “It’s a pity Jack that what you had planned for me was all for nought”
Back in the room, Cas stands up and hugs Sam the minute he sees him. So, Cas wasn’t as calm and collected as he appeared.
Then it looks like I got my work cut out for me, doesn’t it” I voice said behind us.’
Shrugging my shoulders, I reply “Just making sure you’re real”.
I pull my mouth off him for a second to coat my finger in his juices, causing Cas to jerk off the bed at the touch.
Cas looked sceptical but I said, “Trust me” and ran to find Sam.
Then all three of us clinked our drinks together and repeated “Agree”
“You really like her don’t you” I asked
If something happens to you before that, it doesn’t matter if Sam gets all the ingredients for the spell, it doesn’t matter if Rowena can shazam the spell to the moon and back, if you are not here, we are finished before it starts.
I wish I could say the same. Sam is leading the way while I bring up the rear. Cas and Eileen are between us.
As Cas gives my hand another squeeze, I smile at them all, “Ok enough of that. There’s a fair tomorrow in town. It's supposed to be good”
Dean looks comically between the witch (because there is no doubt she’s something) and Sam as he asks, “You have this effect on all the women?”
That does it. I pull the car over, and it skids to a stop. “Enough, Dean. You are going to be no good to Jimmy or anyone else like this”
And just like that, the awkwardness is gone. We chat with Shelley for a few minutes with Cas’s hand tucked into mine. I found I liked her, despite her trying to steal my boyfriend, but I couldn't blame her for that, and once she knew our situation, she had backed off.
Castiel shook his head, “Dean, you heard Jack. The Entity is just as powerful now. Jack changed the rules when he broke my deal with it. This is all my……………………….”
Jack sits cross-legged in his garden. His eyes are closed, and his head tilted back. If he were an average human, you would think he is just enjoying the sun on his face. But Jack is God, and behind his closed eyes, a Universe is being watched.
When he turned on me, I thought he was going mad that the drink had finally rotten his brain until …………. Until he smiled and his eyes turned jet black. First, I thought my Dad was going mad. Then I thought I was. But he wasn’t even my Dad, was he? It wasn’t him. It was never him”
Walking around to the bed of the truck, I pulled out another bag of fertilizer, “So gardening store lady is smitten is she now?” I asked Rose.
Cas is doing his best to wipe his hands as he says, “I’m sorry Ms Mason. I can’t shake your hand at the moment. Please let me escort you into the house and I can wash my hands and we can have our meeting”.
Cas is beautiful. There's no two ways about it. Between working on the garden all week and the beach yesterday, his skin is darkly tanned. His arms, legs and back ripple with lean muscles, more from hard work, than working out.
Rose laughs and says to Cas, “I’m heading into town later, I can show you where it is. The gardening store is open seven days a week, but it has shorter hours today, being a Sunday”.
Richard's face is a picture, as I hand him a plate, “You brought me dinner. Wow, thanks”, sniffing appreciatively as he lifts the cover on the plate.
Before we left the bunker Sam had drawn up papers and fake employment histories to show that Cas and I were qualified and experienced guardians. Now we just had to act the part.
After I laid Siobhan back down, I looked at Cas on the other side of the bed. He was looking at Siobhan with such tenderness and sorrow. But I felt no jealousy. It was like we were both together on our feelings for her. But how would it end? Who would be the loser in this?
Smiling at Cas I said, “I am now”.
Rowena’s answer filtered back to us “Ach you poor naïve darling. Are ye sure you want to know?”
Rose was already in the kitchen when I entered, the smells of breakfast and coffee, filling the air. She took one look at me and grabbed a mug, filling it with coffee.
Jimmy is quiet, but he watches me as I struggle, not saying a word.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Someone was screaming, it was so loud it hurt her ears, where was it coming from? She tried to cover her ears, but her hands wouldn’t move.
Cas stands up and walks Michael into the sitting room, before settling him on the couch. Travis follows them both in and sits in one of the armchairs.
Dean smiles sadly at me, “Thanks, Cas.”
It turns out there was a lot going on right under his nose and he didn’t see it, but for all the information in the letter, it was surprising to learn that Dean and Cas were together was somehow the least surprising.
Bending over, he starts at Cas’s lips, softly teasing and pecking at his lips until Cas is gasping into his mouth. Then he turns his attention to Cas’s neck, laving full open mouth kisses on his downward trajectory, before sucking a mark into his clavicle and feeling proud when it blooms there. He wasn’t sure he could mark up his Angel.
We show the boys the new phones they can use to keep in touch back home. Michael looks on in intense concentration as Jimmy shows him how to use Facetime. The boy’s laughter as they Facetime, each other from across the room, follows Cas and me out of the room. There was one more thing I had to do.
Sam sighs. “I know. But I have the best people at my back trying to figure this shit out. It’s going to work out. I know going to see this witch is probably a waste of time, but I can’t sit on my hands. I need to do something.”
Sam looks at him oddly before Dean waves him off, “Sorry, don’t mind me. Probably jet lag.”
We allow the boys to watch some TV while Cas and I wait on the porch swing waiting for Sam and Eileen to arrive. My hands are shaking, and my right leg is bouncing up and down, but Cas says nothing because when I look at him, he’s as excited as I am.
Pressing down the disappointment of losing what I thought was the start of an important discussion between me and Cas, I made a conscious decision, that once Michael was not so dependent on Cas, I was stealing Cas for a couple of uninterrupted hours to talk.
Cas smiles back at Joseph saying, “Well that face can’t mean anything good. What happened?” and Joseph giggles
“Well where did you think this was going?” I asked him
“What?” she said
“Shut up and say thank you” she growled
I say nothing, letting Sam absorb the information. Eventually, he asks, “How’s Dean?”
SIOBHAN
Sam and Eileen are still visiting and we say goodbye to one of the boys
“Evening, Sheriff,” I said. “Bit late for official business, isn’t it?”
“Because of her son?” I replied
I should have known that when I started hoping people would say “no” when I asked them could they help out, that I realised I had found what I was looking for. The mess I could help clean up. These boys I could help because, hell I’d been there, Sam and I both.
