The alcohol burns down his throat and he waits for the end to come, nothing is keeping him in this world anymore. It's not as fast as he thought it would be but that doesn't matter, he has time. Nobody is going to be looking for him. Nobody is there to save him. The team will be gone for the whole night and when they come back it's going to be too late.
thought Tony. So he says it instead of him:
However, when he examines Tony some more he can see the man is pale and his body is massively shaking, sweat mixed with blood visibly formed on his forehead. His perfectly tailored suit is shattered, the jacked lays beside him, the white shirt is covered with blood and dirt and there are holes in the trousers under which he can see light bruises. The wounds are probably nothing life-threatening but Steve is worried either way because the engineer doesn't look good.
He walks through the penthouse but finds no one inside. Maybe Tony is in the workshop, working on yet another amazing invention that will change the world or upgrading one of his many suits.
Maybe Steve is telling the truth, either way, Tony wants to enjoy as long as it lasts. But he doesn’t know yet that it will last for a long time.
However, when Tony lifts his eyes and they fall on the blond supersoldier the words start flooding into his mouth: “I love you too, Steve. I was scared I wouldn’t stand a chance after you have found out what I am. That’s actually one of the reasons why I kept it hidden from you guys. But now I see I was just a coward.”
"And what about you Thor?" Clint asks the North god. The movie that they were watching with Bruce is ending.
Steve thought as he quickened his speed.
"Guys if I may interrupt. There is a mission that needs to be taken care of." Bruce said visibly annoyed be the pointless conversation.
"S-steve I'm sorry… I-I've never w-wanted… Wanted you to find out t-this way. Just s-stay where y-you are and e-everything… E-everything is going to be f-fine." Tony pants out, his head is pounding like crazy. Soon he will jump through the fading light even though it will hurt him. The urge is too strong.
It all started when Tony was supposed to be attending a meeting for something concerning Stark Industries that was held somewhere in the city of New York and from there it went downhill real fast.
"Mr Stark is in stable condition after the surgery. You can visit him in his room he should be waking up soon." The doctor informs and it puts a smile on Steve's face. Tony is going to be alright.
They eat the pie in silence, it's time to propose. Tony is so nervous and it doesn't help that Steve behaves oddly tonight. Tony stands from his chair and kneels on one knee in front of Steve who is still sitting. He opens the small velvet black box in front of Steve’s eyes and starts his speech, which he trained long hours in front of a mirror. He wants this moment to absolutely perfect.
‘Yeah, do that.’
Tony tries to crawl away from Tiberius because he can't take it anymore, this is too much for him. He knows he deserves it for all the terrible things he has done, for all the innocent people he has killed with his weapons. Whenever he looks at his hands he can see it. The blood.
"Then it had to be a false alarm because there is nothing..."
The Doom-bots were everywhere and the team was exhausted. The bots were stronger and stronger every time they fought them. Each time they were different models, full of brand-new updates and gear.
Steve thought to himself.
For now, it's just a mission to collect information so it should be fast. But after he receives the information and they will show what is really going on, they will move to stage two and send the whole team there.
"You are not fucked up. I love you for who you are and I never want you to change." Steve states firmly. There is no denying that he means it seriously.
If the man who kidnapped them thought that uncovering this secret will tear them apart he was wrong. It’s obvious he wasn’t counting on how powerful their bond is. Their love is strong and it will outcome any test laid before them.
“Hey, hey, sorry that I interrupted this lovestruck moment but what the hell are you talking about? What happened between you two?” Clint jumps in with his questions, he is tired of being confused. It makes no sense what Cap just said and he is apparently not the only one who is wondering what is going on. They are all just guessing but nobody really knows. And at that Tony finally reveals the truth with a defeated expression: “I’m a vampire.” And silence.
It's been 7 long hours, 7 hours that Tony was in surgery. After they took him they managed to give him the arc reactor in time, but right now the wound in his abdomen is the problem. According to doctors, he lost a lot of blood and before the surgery, they said it doesn't look well. But Steve and the rest of the crew is praying for Tony to survive.
"Finally a good order you are better than I thought. I wonder, what else can you do with that mouth of yours?"
They are both healthy and happy together, living the dream. The media loves them, they are the power couple of the century and everyone is really supporting. Life couldn’t be better for the two of them.
They are like that for a while, just lying on each other motionlessly, but then the patriotic urge to stop the villains takes over Steve and he can't help but go protect the world once again. Such a selfless idiot he is. He tries to gently pull away from Tony who meanwhile has fallen asleep on him. When he manages to slowly pull away, he kisses the brunette goodbye and goes to prepare.
He was about to unplug the reactor when a noise came from behind him. When he turned he was face to face with a bot who just stabbed him right through his abdomen. The bot pulled the blade out and then Tony managed to deactivate him, the blood was pouring like a river and the pain was unbearable he wanted to scream, but he didn’t have enough strength for that. Sweat started to form on his forehead. He opened the helmet since he almost couldn’t breathe.
"Just promise me that you will never try anything like that again." Steve urges.
"Steve, it's going to be alright." Clint tried to reassure.
The genius is very excited, he planned this for a long time and the conversation this morning only confirmed that Steve loves him unconditionally and will never leave and that Tony wants to spend the rest of his life with the man.
Steve is probably right anyway. If someone so pure and good as the blond thinks such things about him then it must be true, there is truly no hope for him anymore. What’s the point in going on like this? The super-soldier lied to him the whole time they were together and he believed everything he said. He said this morning that he would never leave him - a lie. He even promised it - a lie. He said he loved him - a lie. He said to Tony that he loves him for who he is - a lie. Every single word Steve said to him was a lie and Tony believed him. He believed that he is worth something more than just his body and brain.
"You must be so pathetic to think that I would ever marry you, that I would ever truly love you. It was all just for the sex nothing more." Steve's hurtful words are stabbing the engineer's broken heart. He is trying to be strong but he can't. Steve was his everything and now he has nothing left.
"Tony, listen, please. I know what happened. It was a shapeshifter. The mission was a trap because they needed my DNA for the shapeshifter to change into me. They imprisoned me but I managed to escape, however, it was already too late and the shapeshifter was walking around wearing my face. I could never say something like that to you. I love you so much that it hurts."
"Welcome back, how was the mission, babe?" Tony asks with a loving smile, he totally adores the super-soldier.
"S-Steve... it's o-o-okay... if-if you d-don't… don't feel the s-s-same…" And after that, he faints. His body doesn't handle the blood loss and the pain anymore and the darkness swallows him up.
"We shall ask his lover… It's him who is closest to our dear friend." Thor suggests. Tony spends every possible second with Tiberius, that might not be such a bad idea and everyone in the room agrees.
"The ring is still on the roof so when we come back I can give it to you properly." Tony smiles warmly and it's the most beautiful view Steve has ever seen. He promises himself that he will protect that smile as long as he is alive. He doesn't want to see Tony sad ever again.
"No Tony, of course, I do! I love you! I love you so much! Don't leave me! Please I love you!" Steve chokes on his sons he never thought this sound could ever escape his mouth, but he is hopeless. He waited for too long and now Tony will never know that he loves him back.
"I just… I'm sorry. I've ruined everything." Tony replies nervously. He raises his head away from Steve's chest and looks at the blue-eyed soldier. He is met with eyes full of worry and sadnesses that belong to the blond.
They wait for JARVIS to find the cameras and it doesn't take long and they see the feed playing in front of them on holographic projection. Tony is nowhere to be seen and everyone's stomach turns upside down at the thought that their friend has been abducted. They are quickly thinking the worst possible outcome because they all know how many enemies Tony has even when he is out of the suit. It didn’t cross anybody’s mind that the genius could be absolutely fine and just relaxing somewhere.
He is much thinner and his skin is pale. He doesn't sleep and eat and if that is not because of working late into the night then Steve doesn't know what else it may be. He just hopes the genius will tell him before it gets too far.
"I will always come for you sweetheart." And on that Steve gently kisses the top of the genius's head and hugs him but not too tight so he doesn't hurt him even more. Tony is safe in Steve's arms and that's all that matters.
They set to the table, the lasagna already prepared on a plate. It smells delicious and it looks even better. Tony didn't cook it himself, but he knows that Steve wouldn't even want it of him. The pie is in the middle of the table, waiting for its time. Tony pours them the champagne and they start eating.
"Tony, can you hear me?" Tear run down Steve’s cheek. He was sobbing like a little child who just lost his beloved toy.
Tony was telling the truth when he said he was able to defuse the bomb, but it required to overpower the core of the missile and to do so he needed a lot of energy. The only near source of energy was the Arc reactor in his chest - he wouldn't make it in time if he flews back to the tower.
He keeps looking around the small grey room with no furniture and then he spots a figure in the shadows of the corner. Steve is trying to focus but he is still a little groggy. He moves closer towards the corner and he can see it's no one else but Tony Stark himself. He has found him, it didn't go according to the plan but now he is sure that the man he fell in love with is alive.
Tony has a few cracked ribs, internal bruising and few minor cuts all over his body. His previous injuries reopened a little bit, although it’s nothing life-threatening. Nevertheless, he still needs to take it easy for the next month or so. He is also starved and sleep-deprived and that's something Steve is going to take care of.
Not even Stark Industries can upgrade as fast as this and that started to trouble the always clear-minded CEO of the named company.
"No, it wasn't. I love you." Steve replies and on that, he gently kisses Tony's lips.
“Of course, anything for you…”
"I love you so much," Tony whispers the words gently as his head lays on Steve’s chest which is rising and falling as he breathes. Steve hears it clearly thanks to his enhanced hearing.
"I have a sparring session with Clint. I'm looking forward to kicking his ass once again." Natasha answers. Tony meanwhile sips from his coffee.
"Good morning, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?" Steve looks down on the genius in his hands and asks with a sleepy but warm smile on his face.
They waited for another hour and a half, and the doctors finally returned from the surgery. Everyone jumped from their spots, wanting to hear the doctor’s news about how it went.
“Clint, give her cover.”
The billionaire's heart is pumping what remained of his blood. There is a ringing sound in his head, his eyelids are slowly closing, he can feel the sweat and the warm blood all around his body. But Tony is still waiting for the rejection and Steve yet doesn't say a word...
"What do you mean he didn't arrive?" Pepper Potts shouts at the person on the other end of the phone call. She is uncomfortably shifting her weight from leg to leg, a worried expression on her face.
"I never said those words." Steve throws back. He doesn't know what is happening. He was the whole day on the mission.
"Promise?" Tony asks.
"Yeah," Steve replies and it doesn't sound really convincing. It seems like Steve doesn't like it, but Tony thought that the super-soldier will be glad. He always says that they don't have enough time for each other. Steve is a sucker for romantic gestures, so he should be excited about this, right? Tony hopes Steve's mood will improve while they eat.
"I don't need a ring to significant my love for you, but I won't be mad if you show me."
The team arrived at the place, everything looked ordinary. No bots, nothing. It was odd. It was too calm, there was something fishy about it. No civilians. Did Bruce manage to evacuate them so quickly? That's impossible. It has to be a trap, but where?
Meanwhile, Tiberius angrily arrives at the workshop Tony is in. He enters his code and throws open the door with a loud bang. Tony jumps at the sudden sound and trembles in fear as he hears Ty coming closer, not daring to look at the hazel-eyed man. The genius is not sure what he did wrong this time, he was really careful not to talk to the wrong people or say the wrong things. Even though his best effort it's not enough, he is not enough. As always.
"I see you are awake, Captain. I just came to tell Mr Stark that he is not getting food anytime soon and I also brought something for you, Captain." The kidnaper says and throws a big piece of bread on the floor in front of Steve and after that the man turns and walks away, closing and locking the door behind him.
He arrives at the tower and it's oddly quiet. Maybe the team went somewhere to have some fun, however, Tony promised he would wait for him.
"No, it can't be they have to be somewhere..."
"Ok, it's settled," says Natasha, "however, I think we should cancel the movie night for tonight. I can tell nobody is in the mood for it." Everybody nods in approval to Natasha's idea and the group parts into their rooms except for Steve who stays in the living room. He is still thinking about the whole situation and how to solve it.
Steve is struggling against Tony's hold but it's pointless the billionaire's grip on his neck is strong and even his supersoldier serum can't help him with that so he gives up and lets him continue, however, it hurts. This is not Tony, this is a monster thirsting for blood. Tony would never intentionally harm him. He won't be affected that much thanks to his enhanced metabolism but this is just wrong and he hasn’t even told him about this. He was asking and the engineer didn't answer. That's the worst. He could have prepared for this to happen. He can accept that Tony is not completely human but he had to find out this way and he just can't take it. He is furious.
The blond is ashamed of the fact he didn't realize sooner what was happening to Tony the past three months. He is disappointed in himself for not protecting Tony enough but that's going to change. He won't let the engineer out of his sight ever again.
"Steve, I can't live without you. I was about to propose to you but then you - the shapeshifter - said all those words and I broke down I wanted it to be perfect but now it's not possible. I'm sorry." Tony says sadly. Now he can't surprise Steve with the proposal and he wanted it to be special.
So Steve continued in following the doctor. After a while, he arrived at the door, he took a deep breath and opened the door. However, he wasn’t prepared for the scene in front of him.
He opens the cabinet and pulls a whole bottle of scotch out. He drinks right from the bottle - why bother with pouring it into a glass…
"If you say so…" Steve is not satisfied with the answer Tiberius gave him, but he can tell that he is not getting anything more from the other man. But he was really sure that Tiberius knows something, it appears he was wrong.
"I-I have to... tell... t-t-this…"
"Of course not, how can you think about something like this?" Steve asks with wide eyes, he can't believe what he is hearings right now. The romantic atmosphere is gone but that doesn't matter to Steve at all.
The brunette reciprocated his feelings and now they are dating.
"Of course I will," Steve replies without any side thoughts he so sure of this that he has never been so sure of anything before. This feels right.
"No, I can't see him," Bucky adds, worried for his best friend. What that punk has gotten himself into this time...
"N-N-Nothing..."
"You are worried for no reason. You know how Tony is. He always wants to have attention just for himself. It's probably just one of his phases. Nothing serious." Tiberius tries to play it cool. No damage has been done, Steve is as clueless as ever, no need to worry.
"Y-you c-came…" Tony says through his tears and pain, his voice is still shaking but it's not because of fear anymore. He is relieved that he is not alone, that someone cares for him enough to save him and that someone is Steve. That fact brings peace to Tony's soul.
"Stop it or I'll mute you!" Steve screamed fiercely, his patience almost completely gone.
“You are awake…” it’s not a question, it’s more like a prayer that escapes from Steve’s mouth.
"So it wasn't you?" Tony asks his lower lip is wobbling adorably. He is on the verge of tears but they are tears of happiness this time.
"Steve?" Tony says, tears threatening to spill from his eyes.
"I love you more," Steve says and kisses the back of Tony's head.
"We have to do something. He looks like a skeleton. It can't continue like this." Clint speaks up as he looks at Steve and then at Nat who is sitting beside him on the couch. The whole team is worried it's not just Steve.
"I don't know what you are talking about," Steve replies.
Steve was in the best condition of them all. He received almost no hits. He had no bruises, utterly nothing. Someone could blame it on the super-soldier serum, but even that can’t heal so fast. It was truly weird - it looked like the heavy punches were avoiding him and Tony knew why...
"It's nothing, really. It's my job after all." And on that, the doctor walks away to another patient.
"S-Steve..." Tony whispered faintly, he can barely see with the bloodloss, "I-I just w-want to tell you I-I regret everything, especially our f-fights, I wish I could tell you s-sooner but I was s-s-scared you know? I'm not used to these feelings. You mean a-a lot to me remember that, p-please..."
"So can I propose now?" Tony asks.
Whenever a bruise shows up he blames it on missions and his clumsiness in the workshop and the team believes him. Why wouldn't they? There is no reason to suspect anything but Steve seems like he feels something is not right and both Tiberius and Tony are aware of that, however, the genius won't do anything to help the blonde to figure it out. Tiberius has taken all the self-confidence from him when he started treating the billionaire the way he does.
Another few hours and it's midnight, it's almost impossible to see anything without a flashlight and nobody has any. The team has reunited again but then they realize someone is missing.
Finally, Steve replied with a low voice: "Can you defuse it? How much time do we have?"
Tony waits for another hour but then he hears the door opening. He eagerly jumps from his seat and runs to the source of the sound. Tony quickly hugs the super-soldier and gives him a welcome kiss, however, something feels wrong, Tony can't point what exactly it is, but something isn't right. Steve seems tense and uncomfortable, it must be because of the mission, maybe it wasn't as easy as he said it would be. Nevertheless, that doesn't change anything about the dinner. Tony is sure that Steve will cheer up after it.
He remembered catching Clint's eye, seeing the archer's face go pale with sudden understanding. The assassin lunged for Steve's hand, but he was a beat too late. Gloved fingers brushed, black on navy blue, and then slipped away.
Reluctantly, Steve dragged his eyes up.
Clint saw his confusion. "You had burns," he clarified, "all over your neck and chest. "Call me crazy, but they kind of looked like thruster burns."
The rain had slowed now to an odd misting patter, allowing the dark clouds overhead to part, the odd ray of sunlight breaking through to grace the city with its final hour of light. Even as dizzy and disoriented as he was after his surprisingly difficult trip, Steve found himself grateful for the picturesque beauty the light lent to his surroundings. If he'd stopped to think about it, he supposed some sentimental part of his old soul wanted to relate the breaking rays of light to he and Tony-to the conversation that lay ahead, which he had tried so hard not to think about and which consequentially had been the only think that possessed his thoughts.
Tony didn’t say anything, and if the same painful memories were playing in his mind he gave no indication.  Tony just held him, unquestioning. Tony was there. Tony was always there, whether he was a room away or two thousand miles or four agonizing years.  He lived in Steve’s head, blending into his edges, growing roots too deep to ever escape.
Steve swallowed, practicing moving his hand away from his side as he stared at the tiled elevator floor. "I have no idea."
"What are you doing, Tony?"
"Banner?" Tony frowned groggily, running a hand through his messy hair and down over his face. "What the hell is he doing here?"
Steve laughed in spite of the pain, because Clint meant well, but he couldn't understand how this worked with Tony. How all of it worked. The assassin was all too ready to see something that wasn't there; to paint Tony as the villain because he'd never really trusted the billionaire. It wasn't like that, but there was no way to explain it properly.
Clint glared and Tony jabbed and Steve kept his head down. It was the best they could manage. Until now.
For a long heartbeat, Steve’s lungs forgot how to work.
"Sorry."
"We've got a lot to talk about, Steve," the billionaire had the sound of a man who carried the weight of the world on his shoulders, his eyes guarded and tired as he carefully adjusted the wrinkled covers around the soldier's body.
It had been a long moment; dark eyes narrowing into blue ones. Tony was probing Steve's soul for something, and the super-soldier didn't know if his heart was ready for the blow to come but he steeled himself and squared his shoulders anyway, and simply stared back.
Tony bit back the ache in his chest and headed for the fridge, allowing Steve a moment of semi-privacy to recollect his thoughts.
That was unusually relieving to hear, and Tony smiled graciously as he followed the doctor towards the elevator.
When his spinning head didn’t immediately quiet, the soldier cursed under his breath and reached for the mirrored medicine cabinet hanging above the sink. He didn’t have the strength to stop himself, not today.  He fumbled through dusty orange bottles of Avinza and Hydrocodone, pills he’d long ago shunted aside in favor of self-medicating with alcohol. After all, liquor was something he could drink, whole or otherwise.
Steve grinned around a mouthful of blood and reached with fumbling hands for the phone behind the desk.
"He didn't mean to hurt me." The simple words admitted more than the soldier had meant to.
Steve laughed aloud. He couldn't help it. The sound was torn from him, sparked by the ridiculousness of the whole situation.
They were so different, Tony and Steve.  The blonde so reserved and stand-offish, always too caught up in his own head and worried about the people around him. Tony was brash, bright, and tactile: always touching, always in his space.  He didn't care what anyone thought and he looked after his own.
Tony nodded, blinking, and hauled himself up into a sitting position. "Okay, then. Why?"
Tony contemplated pressing a goodbye kiss to the soldier's lip, but Steve had already fallen back into his head, gaze fixed unseeingly on the marble countertop where he still sat.
Unfortunately, his boyfriend's silence did not fool Tony. The brunette approached carefully, eyes narrowing as he took in the fading bruises, the unfamiliar clothes. He stood in front of the soldier for what seemed like an eternity, just studying him, as if he already knew Steve was hiding something more.
"Oh, just thought I'd stop in." Bruce shook Tony's hand like it was a piece of dead meat, his gaze traveling over the empty room appraisingly. His eyes lingered on the plastic sheets and broken glass, but he said nothing about it.
"Eh, suit yourself. I guess it is a little early." Tony shrugged. He watched Bruce take in the room, as if searching for something. "You'll have to forgive the mess, I'm afraid. Going through a bit of a remodel."
The sensation of falling, picking up speed and momentum, spinning in space with no purchase... there was nothing quite so terrifying. He caught flashes of light, brief glimpses of stars and farmhouses blinking down below, all in quick succession, too fast to stay orientated. Blood was the only warmth in the chill air, drops splattering onto his clothes, defying gravity, rushing against his face and neck as he spun out of control.
Pepper inquired after Steve; Tony recited some easy brogue about the joys of boyfriend-ed life. Pepper smiled condescendingly and slid the stack of bills for the last round of repairs to the tower across the table.
The too-tight grip Tony had on Steve’s face relaxed slightly, and the brunette caressed the pale cheek under his fingers almost tenderly.
"I'm sorry Tony..." The soldier choked out at last, the words spilling out against his will.  The same words he had repeated like a prayer to the dust-clouded air, gasped through broken lips while he felt his own blood pool slowly around him.
Steve had always been a little too stubborn for his own good.
They'd needed this, he realized. This had needed to happen.
Steve nodded and shrugged his concession as Tony unknowingly echoed Clint, but his mind was still frighteningly blank when it came to what, exactly he was going to say, and how, exactly, he was going to answer the questions that would inevitably come his way.
"Oh." The soldier mumbled, blinking his way back to the present and pulling at the forgotten edges of his shirt. "Right..."
"What are you doing?"
The point was that all of those conclusions now pointed to the same painful fact: something was terribly, horribly wrong.
He fell asleep thinking that for the first time in a long time, he couldn’t taste the smoke.
The eggs were delicious, and Steve all but inhaled them despite the generous serving size. He was still amazed by Tony’s effortless skill at... well, everything, including cooking.
On the other hand, this was the exact same man Steve had fallen for under blinding lights in an empty banquet hall.  That was the same man here now, taking care of him. Choosing to stay in a situation where Steve certainly hadn’t made him feel welcome. If he was honest with himself, nothing about that should surprise him.
"I'm older than you," Steve coughed out, smiling brokenly at the familiar jab.
"Really?" Tony didn't buy it, "cause you look like you're not."
He shuffled gingerly into the kitchen, hand pressed protectively to his burning side.
"Steeeeve." He groaned, scrunching up his face to stare through his visor at the ceiling. "Nee'a'drink..." Steve had never specifically said it, but the billionaire knew he didn't like it when Tony drank. He was a nice guy, though—nicer than Tony deserved—so he'd probably get him one anyway.
"So..." Steve gasped to hide the flaring pain in his ribs, "you were trying for the whole 'tough love' thing?"
The soldier’s stomach dropped and he felt his heartbeat quicken.
He'd been a moth drawn to the light, he'd joked with Clint about moving in with Tony.
Tony let out a breathy laugh, and Steve felt more than saw him back out of the bathroom into the hallway.  Giving him space yet again, knowing like a sixth sense that the soldier desperately needed it, and knowing just as well that he’d never ask.
Steve awoke to the sound of gunfire.
Moments ticked by, Tony vibrating with tension; Steve frozen in fear. His heart was in his throat. He couldn't speak.
Tony grinned, and looked almost relieved.  Maybe Steve’s half-hearted attempt at humor was enough to fool him, enough to keep him from looking too deeply through the cracks.
"We can be more." The words slipped out, and they were way, way off-book now, but Steve meant it. He just wished he'd had the strength to say it when Tony was sober.
A car horn blared on a nearby street, and the super-soldier jumped. He laughed quietly to himself at the image—Captain America startled from his memories by the din of New York—and slowly climbed to his feet. He dusted off his slacks and spent another wistful moment gazing downwards.
Steve watched them sluggishly, that familiar hollow feeling in the pit of his stomach urging him to remember that he had missed far more than the rise and fall of a few politicians during his long sleep. Somewhere along the way it seemed, the world at large had forgotten how beautiful their lives were. They had glazed over the little things in the name of success and turned away from one another in the name of self preservation. They moved on with their lives in a stream of overflowing schedules and deadlines and bills, and forgot while surviving that they were not living at all.
This was normal.  This was routine. At least he still had that much.
He never should have come back, he realized. Not tonight, maybe not for a week or so... He should have waited for all physical signs of what had happened to disappear, fade into fist-sized smudges of color on his body and angry red scars that would eventually disappear altogether. Sure, Tony would have been pissed if he hadn't come home for that long but a pissed Tony was nothing new. That, he could deal with.
Dropping the spatula in his hand and all pretense of actually making anything, the billionaire strode purposefully down the steps and into the empty remains of the living room. Pressing his thumb to a nearly invisible mark in the marble, he pulled a thin console out of the wall and expanded it with a flick of his wrist.
And Steve understood. They were not equals.
The quiet between them stretched on for what felt like ages.  Steve almost high on the feeling of Tony wrapped around him again, Tony's grip tight with long-denied emotion.  The world could break between them like glass if they dared to breathe, and maybe they were both trying to keep that moment away as long as possible.  Maybe they could both lie to themselves and deny the inevitable.
"I know we aren't the most functional people in the world..." A smile that was almost real ghosted over Clint's face. "But we're all we've got. If we can't treat each other right... well, nobody else is going to."
It took far too long—hours—to trek a distance that would have been an easy run back in his own time, but his new-found aid served to make the trip infinitely more bearable now that he had a way to take at least some of the strain off of his injury.
"I know," Clint looked disappointed, but resigned. "I'm not here to stop you. Just to keep an eye on you. I may not like this, but no way in hell am I letting you go in there alone."
"See, that's it." Tony pointed accusingly at his boyfriend, eye narrowing. "You really think that's enough."
Steve pretended to miss the near-horror that slowly dawned over his lover's features, because he wasn't exactly ready to deal with the billionaire's reaction, and he really should have thought this through a bit.
"Idiot..." Clint swore as he pulled the soldier back out towards the kitchen and pushed him down to sit on a sturdy metal ammunition case. "What the hell are you doing on your feet?"
The soldier had spent so long building his defenses, spent so long desperate to be strong enough to resist the man that was like an opiate in his veins. And yet the truth remained the same... Tony was
going to do this to you.”
They were quiet for a few long, thick moments, and Tony still wasn't comfortable with the way Bruce was studying the shattered balcony so intently.
When blurry, ringing alertness faded back in—and when had he blacked out, again?—it was to a familiar face close to his own, shaking him hard.
He dragged his gaze upwards, seeing double as another shower of glass exploded from the balcony so far above the street. It looked like Tony wasn't done raging. In fact, he probably hadn't even noticed Steve fall. The thought sent an unexpected pang through the super-soldier's heart... or maybe that was just residual pain from the gaping hole in his side.
Tony would never admit it; never breathe it aloud. He had a hard time even thinking it. But he was terrified.
"Yeah. I know."
Tony didn't need anything more than that. In two long strides he was across the room at Steve's bedside, the mattress dipping under his weight. Strong arms pulled Steve up into a broad, warm chest.
The doors slid open, and Steve made a point of not looking back
Clint looked like he was gearing up to get angry again, a response that was probably more than justified by Steve's stubbornness and evasive answers, but something in the soldier's expression stopped him.
A few minutes. He just needed a few minutes.
And now?  Tony was gone.
"I know enough." Tony laughed, swirling the liquid in his cup and listening to the ice cubes clink together. "I know stocks are down, I know the Yankees are on a losing streak, and I know twenty-six theories of quantum physics your little back-in-the-day doctors never even dreamed existed."
Apparently teetering on the edge of unconsciousness was the exception, because he sure as hell felt the rain now.
"Not really."
He couldn't shake the feeling of nauseating unease.   Everything was wrong, displaced, out of order. Order was important.  Order kept him sane.
These days even the most minor of interruptions was enough to upset his careful routine entirely, and this was anything but minor. Hell, Tony‘s reappearance was the equivalent of a wrecking ball smashing through his defenses like they were made of glass.
"Jarvis," he mumbled quietly to his computer, "pull up security footage for last night from twelve P.M. to one... Elevator and lobby."
..." Steve felt the hitch in Tony's breath, could physically feel how much pain he was in. "I held over in Ankara for two weeks, hoping it would change—"
The soldier swallowed and looked away.
Tony had his back to the soldier, humming quietly to himself as he flipped eggs over the stove in Steve’s single crappy skillet. Plastic silverware, mismatched plates, and two steaming cups of coffee—one already close to empty—sat on the small bartop facing outwards in a haphazard attempt at a place setting.
How had everything gone so wrong?
Hell, he still did.
Steve’s stomach growled loudly, drawing a chuckle from the other man.
They'd sat there for hours, undisturbed, quiet and thoughtful in their mutual exhausted haze. Neither spoke a word to the other. They didn't feel the need to.
Anger and disgust coiled up in his stomach like a venomous snake, sapping away the good mood of the day and bubbling inside like a reactor slowly building to critical mass.
"Steve. Please."
"Captain America," he sighed, shaking his head, "you can stand down the Hulk and alien invasions and Nazi dictators... and you can't even face your own boyfriend."
Steve didn't really have an answer for that. He stood where he was, eyes fixed unseeingly on some point just beside Tony's arm. He wasn't sure why he felt so much like a youngster caught in a lie, but it wasn't a feeling he enjoyed in the least.
So he brought it up, and the way that Tony looked at him made him feel like a complete idiot. But that was just Tony for you. He'd remarked on more than one occasion that Steve was all the heart they needed and Tony was all the brains they needed. Steve had pretended that bounced off, too. He was no genius, and he knew that. But somehow, it only hurt when Tony pointed it out.
He had to quell the flash of resentment that churned up in his gut, because Tony was always on his case about having preternatural strength, but this wasn't the first time they'd had to replace a wall because of Tony's reckless temper. It was always Tony who started the physical violence, and yet Steve always felt that he wasn't allowed to retaliate, because Tony never missed a chance to point out the advantage his natural abilities gave him. This was never going to work out unless they saw one another as equals.
"It wasn't your fault," he found himself saying, the words spilling carelessly from his lips, tumbling end over end because he couldn't hold them in any longer; couldn't lie.
Steve glared at the man in the mirror, and hated himself for his own utter lack of answers.
The living area was empty. The broken furniture had been hauled away, the rubble and glass swept up, and the mess generally compacted into the empty floors and conspicuous lack of furnishings. The hole in the wall had been neatly covered over in plastic, with a note on the mercifully intact bar to let him know contractors would be in at four to patch it up.
The nineteenth floor sped by.
That seemed like a lifetime ago.
Steve frowned, and tried to remember if he'd actually been burned at any point.
Slowly, too slowly, sound faded back.
Steve stepped off the lift onto the 20th story suite to find Iron Man in the kitchen.
Steve absently watched the blood pooling under his boot.
Steve is a shell of himself after nearly a decade at war. He thought Tony would want nothing to do with him now, but he’s been wrong about these things before... (Warnings: Stony slash, AU, disability!fic, PTSD. One-Shot in three parts. No Powers.)
Letting out a long, shaky breath of relief as he was granted a moment's respite from the intense scrutiny, Steve followed Tony back down the hall. He pretended that his slowed pace was intentional.
"Talk to me," Tony was murmuring in his ear, his hand rubbing absently at the back of Steve's neck. His voice was thick with concern. "You with me, kid?"
When the blackness receded again, Steve found himself collapsed forward, half on his side, half on his knees, dragging in broken breaths. Blood was welling up between his fingers, around his hand where he pressed it as tight as he dared to the jagged wound.
It was daylight, but the light coming through the single uncurtained window was dim and gray, lending an eerie caste to the stacks and piles of gear that lined the walls and shelves. More boxes, crates, and lockers loomed around the single mattress on which he lay, looming over the cot like accusing figures. For some reason, the cramped space made him nervous.
There had always been something comforting about the steadfast belief that whatever uncertainties awaited him out there in the dust, Tony was a sure thing.  A home to come back to. A memory of what they’d had as much as a blind faith in memories yet to be made.
admitted he was wrong.
Steve punched his fist down into his right thigh hard, and it hurt exactly as badly as he’d hoped it would, sending sharp spikes of agony all the way up his spine.
He didn't turn away.
Steve swallowed. "I fell."
Steve awoke, and sold his soul for the strength to forget his dreams.
"That's the difference between you two, Steve... you would never hurt him."
Sitting up far enough to reach his crutches was an awkward endeavor, but eventually Steve was able to land both rubber-capped pegs on the carpet and begin the arduous process of standing for the first time in hours.
The suit turned, leveling featureless white eyes at him. Steve wasn't sure he would ever get used to that.
Clint was silent for a moment, but eventually pulled up another crate next to the sink to sit beside his friend. "How are you feeling?" He asked eventually, his voice gentler now.
He might buy them for Steve, he thought abruptly. He had no idea if his boyfriend would appreciate the gesture; it might just make him uncomfortable because buying each other stupid little gifts was nowhere near inside the realm of their relationship.
Clint invited himself into the room, his gaze drifting instantly to Steve. The blond didn't miss the way the archer's eyes narrowed, traveling up and down the soldier's body assessingly before relief softened the lines around his eyes.
Tony saw it. Every moment the soldier was so sure went unnoticed. But his thoughts were on his sleeve, his heart turned inside-out to the man who knew him better than he knew himself.
The billionaire set his jaw and silently left.
His first reaction, admittedly, was to punch Tony right in the arc-reactor glow of his chest.
And the table. And a wall. And three chairs, and a priceless fourteenth-century marble statue that Pepper was bound to kill them for.
The billionaire made a face and stuck his sunglasses between his teeth so he could pull the box set off the shelf, rotating it in his hands.
Tony, he thought with a hollow ache.
"That was uncalled for," he remarked mildly, dusting chunks of concrete out of his hair.
“Morning, sunshine,” the billionaire greeted him.
Eyes drifting downwards as he regained his breath, Steve caught sight of a rusted metal object lying in the abandoned flower beds at his feet. A glance up told him he was standing in front of what had probably once been a church, but was now a boarded-up box of a thing, its rotten wood sagging languidly under the weight of years. Holding his side carefully, Steve bent one knee and leaned down to pluck the item—a large, iron golf-club—out of the dead weeds. It was a rusted, heavy old thing, but if he held it by the head it served as a pretty decent makeshift cane.
Making a poitned effort not to look at himself again in the small mirror, Steve ran a hand gingerly through his hair and breathed out slowly. He tried to take stock of his body; to get an idea of where all the pain was coming from. If he'd broken any bones, they'd begun to heal already. He supposed he should be counting his blessings and not his stitches. All told, he'd gotten off easy. Working his jaw, he reached for the faucet.
The soldier stared at Tony, drinking in every detail. It felt like taking a deep breath after being trapped underground: fresh and sweet and full of details he’d been too familiar with to notice before.  The billionaire was still shirtless, looking for all the world like he had four years ago. Hair tousled, skin tan, face relaxed and eyes focused.
"—and shit like this happens," Clint was hissing angrily, Tony his clear target.
"You're always a soldier," Tony hissed, mirth gone, "it's who you are, and you don't even know how to do anything else."
"I'll be back first thing in the morning to check up on him," Clint addressed Tony instead, the threat in his voice only barely-veiled.
"Maybe we should—have more conversations when I'm drunk." Tony laughed to himself as he tried to take another sip and missed his mouth.
For some reason, the comment irritated Tony. "Yeah, that's what I was thinking," he lied.
"I haven't... n't been home in years..." Steve stared through half-lidded eyes at the wall, thinking of a tiny white house in Brooklyn with peeling paint and sagging eaves. He didn't realize how that had sounded until after he'd said it.
Tony shrugged, still trying to gauge the other man's thoughts. "Eh, it was more of the whole vibe, if you know what I mean. We had kind of an earthy, neutral-tone going on. I'm looking for something a little more classy."
“Don't—“ Steve choked out in his panic, holding up a hand pleadingly, trying in vain to put some distance between them. He thought he could sound firm, sound strong, but he only heard desperation.
Tony laughed at a joke to which the super-solider was not privy, and tried to take a drink through his helmet. He paused, and then the face plates folded away one after another. He downed the entirety of his drink in one long, burning swig.
And yet the soldier sat there, frozen, staring at the thinning bathroom rug still moist from the shower. Unmoving. He didn’t even know why.  He could feel a droplet of water running lazily down the side of his neck, but didn’t have the energy to wipe it away.
The doorman gave both men strange looks as they staggered inside, thoroughly drenched and disheveled, but recognized Steve well enough and buzzed the elevator for them as they entered the foyer. They spoke very little as they waited for it to arrive, and finally stepped inside.
Keeping silent for reasons he couldn't even have explained to himself, Steve pressed down on the silver handle of the bathroom door.
Clint nodded. If he had any suggestions, he wisely kept his mouth shut.
all building up into that moment, finally released... he'd never felt anything or anyone steal his breath and his soul right out of his body like Tony's lips did.
"Are you okay?" Tony asked at last. The words came out like they were physically painful to voice; like he was afraid to say them out loud for fear of the answer he might receive in return.
"Can we talk about this?" Clint asked awkwardly at last, his voice barely louder than the rain.
"Yeah, Pepper and I are going to go pick out a little token of appreciation for our new Japanese partners. Something trademark American, you know." Tony contemplated a drink, but considering it wasn't yet ten in the morning he let the thought slide. He reached for the milk instead. "Any suggestions? I was thinking some kind of a show or movie, you know. Sacrilegious and crude, of course."
Today, it had been one of those mornings.
The only problem was that Steve hadn’t been truthful with himself or anyone else in so long, and he didn’t even know how to start now. But what choice did he have, really?  The only way out was through. One word at a time, pulling apart his pieces because Tony deserved that much from him.
"About what?" Steve clenched his jaw.
Clint dropped his head into his hand, rubbing at his forehead tiredly.
He told himself he needed the shower, but mostly he needed the time to compose himself. The roar of the water was cathartic. It grounded him. Bathing had once been an impossible challenge, but the parallel bars and wide plastic seat his government insurance had paid to have installed made the task far less daunting than it had once been.
The couch that came sailing at Steve's head definitely didn't make him feel like an equal.
Steve couldn't argue with that, so he reluctantly let Clint support him as they hobbled up the steps.
Tony deserved honesty. He deserved an explanation.
And maybe that was the real reason Steve had never called, never written, never found words to give a fitting eulogy to the future that had been ripped from him.  As if it wasn’t enough to lose pieces of himself, both physical and metaphorical, he’d lost
"You walked all this way," the assassin remarked incredulously, shaking his head as he squinted up at the waning sun. "I was really hoping you'd come to your senses and turn around before you got here."
Tony frowned curiously, but at least the expression managed to erase, if only for a moment, some of that horrible guilt and anger that had been building behind his eyes.
Steve had his sights set on making it to the bathroom, but the smell of coffee that came wafting down the dark hallway stopped him in his tracks.
Steve lowered himself to a seat on the edge of the toilet to pull a sock onto his left foot, and found that he felt almost ready to face the day again.  His shattered nerves had calmed under the combination of warm water, breathing exercises and too-strong opioids.
Steve knew his heart, skipping and stuttering like a seismograph, wouldn’t be able to take much more of this. It was already on track to rip right out of his chest.
But he had. He'd brought it up and what was done was done.
Tony woke late to an empty bed, and had shuffled groggily down the hall to the living area. He caught Steve standing there, just like that—a statue at the glass. His hair was brushed (and still so out of style) and he'd made it into a clean pair of jeans, but the edge of his white shirt was hitched up at the hem like he'd never completely finished pulling it on. He didn't move. Didn't breathe. His face was reflected in the glass, so Tony could see that his lips were parted just slightly, his blue eyes fixed unseeingly on the traffic below.
"Kidding, kidding..." The soldier mumbled, catching the fridge door as Tony swung it close.
“I can’t put you through this...” the soldier half-whispered, voice rough.  He was desperate to make Tony understand before Steve’s defenses caved completely. “I’m
Steve hauled himself out from beneath the rubble that had once been the glass patio doors and part of the exterior wall, shaking his head and wiping dust from his eyes.
"Anyway," Tony cleared his throat, seeking in vain for a way to dispel the mounting tension between them, "I may not be back for a while. Got any plans for the day?"
Broken.  Shaking. Alone.
He saw it when Steve spent a beat too long studying a magazine advertisement, or frowned at the TV screen like the newscaster was speaking another language. Sometimes the soldier still hesitated when they stepped into the elevator, hoping Tony would be the first to press the button because he still wasn't sure how to work them.
"Bad?" Steve gasped, his body choosing that moment to make him aware of the fact that he'd recently fallen off of a skyscraper.
Tony didn’t go on.  Steve didn’t smile.
"You have to leave him."
And just like that, the billionaire’s sure, easy footsteps were padding away. Steve hated that sound more than ever; the simple rhythm of two strong legs striding unimpeded.
"Clint." Steve cut his friend off, rallying enough strength to lift a heavy hand to clasp the archer's wrist. "I'm okay."
"I'm going out." He remarked a little louder than necessary, regretting it immediately when Steve jumped.
The soldier could almost feel him moving closer, radiating a warmth Steve had once craved like a drug. Like an addict, he still did.
Tony saw stars.
"I was wondering when you'd figure it out, meat-head." Tony's words had been sharp but his tone had not, and he smiled into his glass as he took another pull.
Clint nodded, hands clasped in front of him as he leaned forward on his knees. "Care to explain the burns, then?"
"Oh, I doubt that," Clint's voice was harsh, his words clipped.
Steve didn’t bother resisting, didn’t bother voicing the million questions and doubts spinning in his mind.
Don't get burned.
The archer pocketed his knife, and said nothing.
"Why don't you go get washed up? Change?" Tony smiled tersely, dropping something metal into the sink. "I'm doing dinner tonight."
“I know some gals who hook up like this get
Steve didn’t pull away.
Steve thought, and it was more a fact of life than a compliment or acknowledgement of desire.
Tony did. It was the same man, over and over again, the lines more clear and confident with each little sketch. By the end of the book, he was practically coming to life on the page.
He laid there alone and hugged his pillow, trying to remember what it was Tony felt like in his arms. He was... cold. His hands were cold. No, they weren't. They hadn't been, since the new body. Or were they? Had they ever been cold? Was Steve just creating false memories based off of what little he knew about Tony's health? He knew Tony had circulation issues before... Didn't he? Or was it just trauma that affected his torso, close enough to the heart that Steve thought it must have been related?
have up too garish, taking up too much space. They seemed abstract in a way Steve couldn’t appreciate, focused more on how nonsensical they were than anything else. It was an art form Steve thought, perhaps biasedly, was better suited to revolution. Convolution in art from those in power never read the same, and this man seemed to have quite a bit of power.
“That’s,” Steve began, though his tone was anything but confident at that point, “classified.”
He lifted the sheets off of himself. He was about to stand when he saw the spots of red left on the cloth.
He couldn't say he was surprised waking up in any specific room under any specific circumstances. To be surprised, he figured he had to have expectations, and he thought he'd lost the ability to expect anything from his captors a long while ago.
“Well, what’s the type?”
“Right now,” T’Challa interrupted. His voice was more serious than that of the others in a way Steve was fond of; he commanded attention, commanded respect. “We have something
He didn’t say that bit out loud.
“Ehh,” Steve shifted, peeking past the bar to assess how crowded the dance floor was. “Might be more comfortable than it is back here, I’ll be honest.”
When was it worth it to stop fighting?
Tony gave a curt nod, adjusting the cape so it rested more comfortably around his shoulders as he made his way out of the ballroom. He glanced over his shoulder every so often to watch for Steve. That tended to be their manner of checking in with each other during parties and galas and all sorts of crowded events; Tony would lead, Steve would listen for his shoes if he was lost in the crowd (as faces and heads and bodies blurred together sometimes, when he was especially overwhelmed), and Tony would check to make sure Steve heard.
Steve pulled back, then, and Tony pushed himself up onto his arms to follow him. His heartbeat, which felt nonexistent since the moment Steve first touched him, accelerated. Tony watched anxiously as Steve moved to sit against the headboard, waving his hand to beckon Tony over.
“What time, exactly, do you need to get home?” Tony asked once they’d parted.
“No,” Steve argued, smile clear on his face. “He’d do it. He could.”
who would feel this way and who wouldn’t, perfectly random who might stand up and shamelessly proclaim that they had so much to
“Yeah,” he agrees, his voice understandably dull. He’s trying too, though. Tony can tell. “I’ll just get changed.”
“I mean.” Tony glanced at Jan. “It’s a pretty clear tip-off.”
Well, two things.
He changed his definition of the phrase: knowing what it meant to be a person couldn't be synonymous with defending the dream. It couldn't be. There were more dreams to be had. He could thank plenty of people for broadening his horizons in that sense- Sharon did what needed to be done on a smaller scale, and Tony on a larger one. Both of them, Steve thought, were as good as any other person Steve could think of, if not better. Steve learned from Natasha, who'd been subjected to brutality so different from his own that he could hardly even conceptualize it some days, at least individually. He learned from Bucky and from Sam, and he learned from Clint, and he got to know all of those people who knew what it meant to be people in ways Steve couldn't fathom.
“Is that alright?”
Steve hoped that was the case, at least.
“Self-destruct. Yeah.”
“Yeah, that’s— Yeah. Uh.”
“Yeah,” Tony answered. “Yeah.”
They could have restrained him fully from the beginning. They didn't.
But it felt like Steve cared, so… fine, Tony cared, too. A little bit, at least.
He'd been kidnapped.
And Tony might say,
“And what was wrong with his uniform, Iron Man?”
“’s what I said.”
Unless he’s gone. And he thinks back to that 8 year old kid enamored with King Arthur, wonders how he would have felt if the last story he’d ever read was of Arthur slitting his own throat and bleeding out on the ground.
He knows his schedule inside and out, always as aware as he possibly can be; he has lunch with Jan on Thursday, an appointment with Bucky at some point the day after (his pinky finger’s been “freaking the fuck out”, Bucky’d said, “and there’s nothing really awful about that, but it freaks
And, well.
He released the tags, flailing his hand frantically to untangle himself from their chains. Steve, wide-eyed, made no effort to help nor hinder him.
That belief had only been strengthened each day he was alive. He met the Avengers, he met Tony Stark- Lord, that brilliant, gorgeous Tony Stark- and he was lucky enough to retrieve some of the things he'd lost from the past. He was paid for his service, given his medals and his honors, he was given a place to belong, and he was given a new lease on life. Even Bucky had come back, broken and changed as he was, and Steve was grateful for the fact that he was allowed a second chance as well regardless of how well he was set up for it. Damaged was better than dead, he thought.
“Sure, alright, but—”
“However you wanna give it to me.”
guy, exactly, and saying anything about what an asset his own muscles were felt foreign to him.
When you'd be better together.
They brought up work, obviously. They started their earlier hang-outs with a ‘no shop talk’ rule, but they’d quickly realized just how fun it was to talk about work when they weren’t at work, bringing up all the gossip that wasn’t relevant enough to bring up at a meeting or important enough to chat about during a lunch break. They made fun of Jack Marshall’s hair together (which, truly, was a greasy mess).  They talked about how god-awful his art was (and Steve liked to think that Tony was as interested as he looked when he tried to bring up the thought behind his criticisms, the politics of it, the feeling of it). They laughed about some of the clothes Jan had wanted to put Steve in, they quoted Nat’s dramatic entrance, they talked about the
The future had given him Tony Stark, and Tony Stark had given him a wedding band- colored like gold, but stronger- and he'd gotten so much from the world that he thought he might never be able to pay it all back. The idea wasn't terribly disheartening; in fact, he didn't mind it at all.
movie.”
remember was that, every so often, the ceiling of the room would lift just a centimeter or so, and a barely visible cloud of gas would seep in through the crack. He'd wake up restrained in another room.
“And I’m trying to make him
His eyelids felt heavy. He could hardly move an inch, his torso a dead weight on top of Steve. So much for giving Steve’s poor bones a rest.
the fuck out.”) Steve gets home Saturday. Their anniversary is next week. Of course, he has work on top of that.
“Oh, just you wait,” Tony challenged. He draped the shirt and pants over Steve’s forearm, handing him the suspenders and bowtie. “Those pants are slim-fit. They’re only thick enough to cover the thingy.”
“You’re sure?”
“I’ll walk with you,” Steve said, getting up from his desk to grab a coat from his closet. It was a hefty sort of thing, a thick black trench coat that
“… Is that alright?”
how frustrating it must be, but he’s trying. God, he’s trying.
the hold of the armor around him, keeping him steady, lifting him up. He knew he wouldn't be able to stand steady on his own, after all- if not because of the physical pain, then because of the overwhelming desire to be as close to Tony as he could possibly be.
For a man who didn’t seem to do things like this terribly often, Steve certainly wasn’t shy, taking hold of Tony’s thigh to tug him closer. Reaching down to cup Tony’s bulge with a hand, Steve kissed him hard, eliciting a moan from between his lips.
before, and sure, there was something almost slimy-feeling about the deceptiveness of it all, deserved or otherwise. It was a self respect thing, he thought. It wasn’t that he was better than the job itself, but he knew his boundaries, his limits, and if it wasn’t Avengers business, he wouldn’t even come close to anything like this.
“’s five in the morning. Sun’ll be rising in a bit, here.” Steve got the curtains into two loose knots, symmetrical and sturdy, and parted them. “Hard to see it over the trees, but you get the gist. Sky lights up.”
Tony frowned; he’d been content to make a joke of it, content to move on, but Steve was still— Well, he was still being some kind of way about it.
“Hey,” Steve greeted, entering the hotel room with a brown paper bag in hand. “I, uh, hope you don’t mind me stopping by. I brought breakfast.”
“Jan, that’s really not necessary,” Tony said.
“I saw your work-out shorts.” Jan said. “I have the pictures.”
He could hold it out until Friday. He could drop by Bucky’s place and say hi to Alpine— the little guy’s soft, Tony remembers, and less apprehensive toward strangers than Liho. He could fix Bucky’s arm, make another joke about making it vibrate (the holidays are long-past, so there won’t be any “Christmas lights” jokes, here, but he could hold it out until then, too). Bucky’s always been good about the exhaustion. He’s felt it himself,
It was an easy flight home. Steve was able to relax, finally, for the first time in... well, he hadn't asked yet, but he'd figure out soon enough. Tony was used to having passengers, but he was more delicate with Steve in the moment than he would have been on any other day. He landed gently on the balcony of the penthouse, stepping out of the suit the second Steve was supporting himself on his own two feet.
Tony’s sleep schedule didn’t affect the job he did with the Avengers. He was there when needed, effective as anything. Steve supposed he must have been the same with his business. It was a comfort for him and Tony both, it seemed- a quiet, unspoken comfort on his part.
It felt like Tony didn’t know him enough sometimes, that was all, like every impression he made was a first impression again. And maybe it was selfish, maybe it was cowardly, maybe it was some stupid thought for stupid men who didn’t know any better than to care more about themselves than anyone else in times of tragedy— Steve thought distantly of his father, of the climate, of the hurt— but he didn’t like that.
He hadn't woken up next to Tony Stark in a long time.
Steve thought Tony might get cold outside.
“Yes, I am.”
The command was vague— Tony would have been content to sit beside Steve, to give them another moment of quiet anticipation. Steve shifted, though, spreading his legs ever so slightly and squaring his shoulders as if preparing to make room for someone in front of him. Tony followed his lead; he loosely draped his arms around Steve’s neck, straddling his lap and settling.
, he was merely a hound of a man.
His eyes landed on the walls, and though the reddish tone of the light softened the harshness of the white paint, his face fell.
Iron Man paused, then, the slight shake of his shoulders (caused by his quiet laughter, of course) slowing to a stop. He was quiet for a long moment before turning to face Steve; it was better, then, as Steve could see far better those eyes of Iron Man’s. “My eyes?”
“Will I ever see you again?”
Maybe he was thinking too broadly. There was hardly room for personal costs when the dream- the dream he represented, the dream he defended- had become him. That was what he believed for a short while, anyway, after Bucky's death. It was what he had to believe. There was no Steve Rogers to mourn him anymore- not one his mother would recognize. There was Captain America, and Captain America stood up for what was right, and Captain America would fight when the men around him fell because otherwise, they would have fallen in vain.
“Does it need to be flashy?” Steve asked, taking a moment to peruse the racks himself. He leafed through what was available, stopping at a nice, skin-tight t-shirt. “This should do, right? I mean, it shows off…” He trailed off. He didn’t really think of himself as a
Blood.
Steve thought, though it was a fleeting thought.
“You know what?” Steve started, and Tony prepared himself for the
“What brought this on?”
Jan nodded, though Steve couldn’t help but wonder how much evidence she had, personally, to back that agreement up. Then again, he supposed bondage wasn’t gay-specific, and Jan seemed… adventurous. And based on her conversation with Tony earlier, there was a chance that the
“I’ll put it away. C’mon, we can lay down for a bit more.”
And he was sure there was something… deeply rooted about it, something about male fragility or hypermasculinity. It may have even been some over-feminization of the Spirit of Christmas, which Steve had actually been guilty of during the holidays; he was half convinced that skinny trees were for girls, snowflake print shirts were too gay for him— no offense, Tony, he’d said, like they weren’t
It’s not the best time for this. He knows. There’s never a best time for this. He could hold it out until Thursday and listen to Jan’s excited rants, let her blow some steam after all the stress she’s been having. He’d undoubtedly be roped into a bit of retail therapy; he feels his richest with Jan, stopping into stores he’d never bring anyone else to and making purchases larger than he’d ever make on his own. Personal purchases, at least. He’s grateful for her— he can’t even count the soft, fitted shirts and comfortable dress pants he owns as a result of her dragging him through shops. He can’t count the number of times he’s been grateful to own them, so overwhelmed some days that anything lower quality feels scratchy, restrictive,
It was surreal, almost. It didn’t hit him so hard most days— he was home, after all, having grown accustomed to the ways of the world and the family he’d built for himself— but standing there in what felt like an upscale Hollywood dressing room was certainly something.
“I should go,” Steve said, after a quiet beat.
It was never worth it.
“I don’t want you waiting on me,” Steve answered, lightly patting the top of Tony’s foot before returning to his own bagel. “You know how these things are.”
“I dare you,”  Tony challenged. “There’s some twink coming up on your six. Dance with him, maybe. Posture a little.”
“I can do it,” Steve said, suddenly. “If it’s the easiest way to go about this, I can do it.”
“With embellishments.”
obvious, that he was always going to end up here? Does the whole team know? The whole world?
And so they set off together.
He felt agony.
“… This is, uh,” he started, unsure whether to push further or leave it here. “This is nice.”
He tosses the gun away at the sound of the lock, head snapping up to the door. The gun fires as it makes contact with the ground, and Tony sees the hard flinch of Steve’s uniformed shoulders as he enters, one week too early.
“What do you need?” Steve asks, then, making it painfully obvious that he’s cycling through all of his options. Tony can’t blame him for that.
But Steve knew the feeling.
, Tony thought, a few seconds delayed) than himself.
, more like. The people who knew what it meant to be people, and the people who didn't. He got older, and he realized that maybe he wasn't so sure what it meant to be a person after all. Maybe no one was.
s he’d exchanged with his partners prior. It wasn’t a gift to be beside this man.
He woke up alone in the bed but not in the bedroom. He was no longer holding Tony, but Tony was clearly in sight, sitting at his vanity with an assortment of makeup laid out in front of him. As he painted his foundation on, Steve could see the beginnings of a reflection appearing in the mirror, just a short bit above the collar of his shirt. Tony paused when Steve shifted, reaching into his drawer to slip in a pair of contacts. He blinked a few times, then looked back up, his eyes (a close approximation of them, at least) reflected in the mirror back at Steve, meeting his gaze.
“I could totally be a— Okay, this is starting to get hurtful.” The playfulness of Tony’s tone undercut the words. The banter, at least, was something to focus on.
He'd wake up in the labs sometimes, and even the transparent tubes transporting colored fluids were shielded from his view. He wasn't sure he was even looking for the colors anymore. He wasn't sure he was expecting them.
The trigger is finicky. He can tell by its jerky movements as his trembling finger rests atop it, the gun’s muzzle pointed at nothing in particular and the safety already off. It’s not natural, fiddling with the thing like this— there’s a part of him that’s screaming to get his goddamn finger off the trigger, to flip the safety back on, to be mindful of where he’s pointing the thing before he gets someone hurt.
They’ll realize he’s missing before then. Someone’s going to come up to check on him.
think we might be past that.”
Steve held the cup out for him. He half took it, relying partway on Steve to keep it steady. The furrow in his brow and small shift of discomfort weren’t lost on Steve; some days were easier than others, and this seemed to be a day that wasn’t the easiest for Tony. That was alright. Nothing they could do.
“And I can’t imagine what pressing a ‘self-destruct’ button on a weapon like that would do. Even thinking about the number of casualties it could amass makes my head hurt. I mean, this guy’s well known. Well protected.”
Steve would say, and he’d pick the gun up, flick the safety on, put it back in the nightstand. He’d take a seat and go on with their night, business as usual. He’d tell Tony about his mission.
Tony glanced back at the men. They seemed wholly disinterested in anything outside of their little bubble (aside from the occasional waitress passing by), disinterested enough that Tony didn’t understand the concern. He’d shared drinks with friends in the past before and few seemed to mind. It was almost shocking just how much you could get away with when the assumption was that you wouldn’t
of time travel— reversing the polarity of the time axis within the boundaries of the time-space continuum, that is— but how one would even accomplish it? Why, it’s magic; rather, it’s science we simply haven’t pinned down yet.”
“Nah, no embellishments. Tried giving you a bigger package once and it just looked cartoonish.”
Tony took a deep breath, slowly reaching out to touch Steve’s chest again. Steve didn’t move.
“Hey, smile for me?” he asked. Steve did, a little awkwardly.
And it was perfectly justified, and as temporary as any temporary thing could be. He gave Tony space, and Tony eventually got past the little crossing of boundaries. Steve was glad; they were better together.
When was it worth it to stop fighting?
Steve didn’t want to bring Tony
Tony wore the armor to meetings like this, yes, but Tony, busy as he was, had taken time out of his day and sacrificed some other responsibilities of his to attend this meeting. It just wasn’t nearly enough time to warrant a costume change; Tony sat at the table in a sharp, sleek pinstriped suit, ready to leave the second the meeting was over. Steve would be lying if he said there wasn’t the slightest shift in energy radiating off of Tony. Whether it was the fact that Steve was used to the brighter, more cheerful colors of the armor or the fact that Tony
“Well, not right this second. And that part’s less classified.”
Red, like...
And he stood, reaching over to fiddle with the curtains.
“You make me look good,” he half-teased, wiping the tears from his blurring vision to look back down at the paper. “God, I could be a model in these books.”
into it, and, I mean, I never dressed… like that.”
Steve’s shoulders slumped a little as he sat back against the headboard, spreading his legs to make room for Tony once more. Tony didn’t follow right away.
“Maybe it’s just you,” Steve said, giving a light
“Mm?”
Simple, then. It was simple. Tony had the stealth suit, and the know-how and tech to disable locks and cameras. This was well within Nat’s comfort zone— Steve partially wondered why
“What? What did I do?”
He'd wake up partially restrained. He'd bite.
and letters and numbers and
Steve stared at him a little dumbly, eyes glimmering with admiration. He thought sometimes that Iron Man was just as smart as Tony Stark— or maybe Tony had been rubbing off on him. Either way, both men were awe-inspiring. Steve wasn’t going to complain about having
“And if we’re seen?”
“What time’s the sun supposed to rise?”
The first issue with stubbornness in his line of work, he found, was that you more often stood at the side of familiar sized caskets than you did in the crowds of the ceremonies celebrating your good work. There was a cost, always, and it happened to be personal more often than not.
Tony thought he could drown in them. It felt like it, truly, as Steve's gaze on him took his breath away every time.
“We need an in,” Nat said. “We can’t force info out of him. We can’t arouse suspicion. We need someone who can get close enough to connect to the database they’re operating with from an already authorized account, so as not to ring any alarm bells.”
"Yeah," he answered. "Yeah, we'll repaint the walls."
they seemed to have similar levels of expertise here— Jan, because of her inclination toward fashion, and Tony, because of his… well, experience.
Carol snapped the picture, turning the phone around to show Steve and Tony. “You guys thought I was a prom mom? You look like prom
That was enough to draw the hint of a warm smile from the billionaire’s lips, and he seemed all too happy to obey.  He eased his weight down on the soldier’s chest, still so careful, still so gentle. Steve loved that about him. In the same breath, he hated that he needed it.
The doctor looked down at his hand, flexing his fingers experimentally. "Yeah. I guess I did."
But for a heartbeat, he understood.  He wasn’t alone. Right here, right now.  And maybe this was his last stolen touch, his last sacred moment.
"Well, you look busy...'' Bruce nodded, as if to himself. "So I guess I'm just... gonna go."
Steve couldn’t help picking out those details in the silence between them as they ate.  Tony had really remembered everything.
"Thank you." Steve couldn't look at the archer as he said it, eyes fixed unseeingly on the elevator doors.
Steve released a shaky breath and pulled on his left boot. By the time he had finished lacing them both up, the simple task of leaning over was putting enough strain on his damaged side to leave him covered in sweat and feeling dizzy.
The man behind the iron suit had made it clear, on too many occasions to recall, that they weren't exclusive. Steve nodded and pretended he understood, and watched silently as Tony left with another long-legged blonde.
A low, intense voice that sounded vaguely familiar was buzzing somewhere close to his ear, spewing words in a language he couldn't understand. Occasionally, a second voice would answer the first... quieter, deeper. Periods of silence punctuated the strange atmosphere; moments when even the deafening sounds of exploding mortars faded out completely, like when Tony had the news on but the sound off.
But they never ended it. Whatever 'it' was, it was what they needed. They needed each other in the violence and sex and sweat-slicked bodies, in the knowing eyes and warm touches when everything was too much to handle. They fought, they physically battled like arch-enemies. The peace was inside, and it felt so good sometimes. But physically? It never lasted.
It took a beat for everything to sink in as Steve's lethargic gaze slid from the glowing balcony twenty stories overhead and across, taking in the twisting metal and torn cloth of what had once been the awning of the adjoining building. It had stopped his fall, he realized, and probably saved his life. From there he could trace the path of destruction where he had cannonballed downwards through streetlamps and glass overhangs, street signs and broken tree branches. It looked for all the world like someone had dropped an aircraft down into the streets.
“You’re still 6’0 and a hair and I’m still taller than you, even if you don’t want to admit it. You still use your left hand when you eat, you fall asleep on your back and wake up on your right side. You still lock the door and check it twice.  Still can’t handle the cold, and I’m talking 68 degree cold.”
The super-soldier braced himself and crossed his arms, heaving upwards to fling the piece of furniture over his head to crash against the wall. The force of the hit still knocked him on his ass and sent him sliding backwards across the marble, all the way out onto the balcony. The wind was howling up the sloped glass surface of the tower, whipping at his hair and making it hard to hear.
Steve stared. He was tired, bone and marrow. He couldn't phrase the questions he wanted to.
Looking tired, Clint pretended to throw an appraising look around his apartment, small and filled from floor to ceiling with industrial shelving and metal weaponry cases. Though jammed to overflowing with gear and personal affects, it couldn't really be called messy. It was simply Clint.
Tony fetched the soldier’s crutches next and leaned them against the arm of the couch, within reaching distance. It was a silent peace offering, a way to make sure Steve knew he had an escape if he needed it.
So he floated here, toeing the dangerous line between alcohol abuse and opioid addiction and unable to find the spirit to care.
Colors changed and faded, voices toned in and faded out. There were moments when he felt like he was high, others when dying would have been a welcome retreat. If he'd felt this kind of pain before, he didn't remember it.
Properly scolded, Steve tightened his arm where it curled around his aching side and fixed his eyes on the worn, but shockingly clean linoleum beneath his bare feet.
Steve was fairly certain that the elevator ride would be an equally quiet and awkward one—possibly fraught with further admonitions to give up this madness—but Clint really didn't seem intent on stopping him anymore. The archer tactfully moved Steve so that the soldier could lean against the wall opposite the door, and then simply let him have his space.
Steve had changed, become almost unrecognizable to his own eyes.  Tony hadn’t.
"No," Steve shook his head miserably, and that actually drew a smile from Tony, as humorless as it was.
The billionaire blinked at the spinning ceiling when his vision cleared, hot pain radiating out from his chin. He was flat on his back on the marble tile, he realized. He wasn't sure when that had happened. He breathed out, touching his chin gingerly. It took a moment for his eyes to slide up to Bruce, who stood where he had left him by the elevator, rubbing his right hand.
"Oh, you know me." Steve swiped at a fresh trickle of blood as it dripped down his chin. His fingers were shaking so badly he had to try it twice. "I could never keep track of that thing—" His voice disintegrated into a cough, which wouldn't have been painful in itself if it didn't pull so horrendously at his mauled abdomen.
"I want you, Tony." Steve's voice held a desperation and emotion he hadn't meant to betray, and he was suddenly immeasurably grateful that Tony would never remember this conversation. "But not like this. Not any more. This is—"
He wasn’t sure when it had started.
Maybe, Steve suggested late one night as he nursed a black eye, it was in their nature.
Steve let his eyes flutter shut, concentrating on taking in shallow gulps of air as his chest heaved. He hated how much he needed to be away from Tony at that moment, while in the same breath his body relaxed into the billionaire's touch because it was everything he craved.
For once the billionaire didn't rise to the bait, too concerned about the semi-conscious super-soldier in his grasp to respond.
The sound was off. It was what first tipped him off to the shifting shades of reality buzzing in the gray space around his consciousness. After so many years, it was a feeling he readily recognized... because it felt familiar. He'd spent more time in pseudo-awareness, trapped in his own mind, than he had awake. Years could pass this way, he knew. He'd missed too much already.
Even now, after everything—that was what he wanted most.
Seemingly convinced the soldier wasn't about to keel over at least, Tony carefully assisted his boyfriend in sitting up against the wall, hovering like a frightened mother, though Steve never would have voiced the comparison aloud. It was a side of Tony he didn't see often and frankly, it unnerved him.
He would never admit it out loud, but there were days... hell, there were entire weeks... when he felt like this was where he really belonged. Maybe the only place. If nature had run its course, he would share a quiet night with these men. Not as a living ghost in a land of sleeping spirits, but as a fellow body, cool and still beneath the earth. He would have a plain stone plaque of his own, and it would have his name on it. Nothing else, because his sacrifice would have spoken for him.
"I do get angry," Steve pointed out unnecessarily, "just not as often as you do."
"Good boy," Tony told the mechanical arm as he chugged the pills and replaced the bottle.
"Tony!" Steve barked angrily, hauling himself up. "That's enough!" His bones ached with the force of impact, and his heart ached because why the hell did they always do this?
Swallowing, Steve silently followed Tony down the hall to the master bedroom.
“No.”  It was so final, so absolute. “Shut up Steve. You’re clearly not in a position to be making these decisions, so just stop trying to change my mind. It’s not gonna happen.”  The words were harsh but the voice was kind, the tone of a parent speaking firmly to an errant child.
"Well, he's with me," Tony sounded properly irritated by both Clint's presence and the clear implication of his words. "So if he's dead, we're both dead."
"Steve." Clint was the only person the soldier knew who could sound enraged and terrified at the same time.
Steve remembered nothing more.
Thank god for Clint. Thank god for someone who knew when to stay silent and stay strong. The soldier was fairly certain it was a skill Steve had personally abandoned about a year ago... about the time he'd moved in with Tony. It wasn't hard to pinpoint the event as the day things had started going downhill—just hard to admit it.
"Yeah, let's do that."
Tony saw what the soldier wanted, what he needed, and held it out on a silver platter for the taking.   The dream, the fantasy, the sacred, unspoken
"Something I can help you out with?" Tony tried again, "You here to talk me into something for Fury? Cause I gotta say, he really should have sent someone with more curves—"
"Sorry." Clint gave a strained smile, and Steve noticed how hard the archer was gripping his arm. "Good to see those baby blues again, my friend."
Sitting beside the note on the bar was a slightly dusty, gift-wrapped package with a rumpled bow. The billionaire spent several long moments standing where he was, staring down at it. He wasn't sure why, but some niggling little worry inside him was convinced that it had more meaning than was immediately apparent.
Another half-a-mile passed before the soldier was forced to seriously consider his options. He'd already had to stop and ask for directions twice, earning him several worried and suspicious looks as the clerks hesitated to speak to a man clearly too mentally disturbed to know how to find the most prominent landmark in the city. The soldier didn't bother making excuses for his ignorance. It had been years since he had bothered to stammer and bluff his way through an awkward situation for the sake of saving face. He'd all but resigned himself to being the laughing stock of the modern world... as far as he was concerned, it didn't matter so long as someone ultimately gave him the damn directions.
Clint stood, silent and still, simply watching the soldier. Simply waiting.
“The truth isn’t ugly,” Tony’s voice, like his eyes, was soft and strong. “It’s simple.  You’re not alone anymore kid, and you never will be.”
“Dammit...” Steve hissed out between his teeth, his frustration mounting along with his anxiety.
"Thought I would hit the gym..." Steve frowned at the contents of the refrigerator, and then closed it slowly without pulling anything out.
But sometimes Tony forgot, maybe on purpose, that the great Captain America was not invincible. He was not unbreakable, and Steve knew the day would come when Tony was going to test that theory, willingly or not. He'd been dreading it for the whirl-storm of emotion and insanity that had been the last year, and he was determined that when the day came, it wouldn't break them. He wouldn't let it break them.
Steve said nothing more.
A blast of crushing, white-hot energy collided with Steve's chest and he had no warning. He was flying backwards, smashing through the glass of the balcony railing and spinning out into terrifying nothingness.
The only thing that remained consistent was the unbelievable coldness that seemed to be seeping straight into his bones.
Natasha took a hit. She stumbled and scrambled for purchase on the mist-clicked rubber matting and lurched dangerously close to the open doors. Steve lunged for her hand and pulled her back inside, his arm wrenching painfully as he caught a hold of a support.
And just like that, the dam broke.  Words he'd so ruthlessly quashed for so long erupted from him like a geyser, and he couldn't hold them back anymore than he could control his shaking hands.
“Easy,” Steve said almost instantly, catching him in the act. “Just relax.”
Steve heard rustling from the other end of the comm, followed by Tony’s voice. “What?”
If nothing else, Tony was at least the kind of guy to feel a
“You alright?” he asked.
“No, it’s good, it’s good,” Tony reassured him. “It’s good. I don’t— I don’t know what’s happening here, actually.” He huffed out an awkward, nervous laugh, met with an answering laugh from Steve. It sounded wholly unconvinced and completely discordant with the half-concerned expression on his face.
He took a deep breath, opened the door, and—
“The thingy?” Steve asked.
But Steve wanted as much time as he could get. He wanted to try.
Steve didn’t look any different. He didn’t look any more hesitant or any less eager than he did just moments before.
He remembers being that child in the courtyard, having nothing to miss— there were too few years of experience at the time, and he often felt too broken and irreparable to want to go back home. He remembers having nowhere to escape to, remembers especially bad nights where the fantasy worlds of knights and heroes did nothing for him. He’d try to connect to the words on the page,
“Yes, your eyes. You’ve got nicer eyes than any man I’ve met— your lashes, too, look as if they’ve been painted on.”
Or maybe he could investigate recklessly; maybe he could dig a little deeper, look a little harder, question what the
would help our chances of success,” Jan pleaded. “For the
It was a nice enough feeling on his own, but with Tony beside him, it became all the more focused. It was as if Tony was a reverse prism through which the noises could filter themselves, all discordant in a beautiful way (in the same way Tony’s umbrella-cane was when he walked, in fact), but less so with Tony there.
He stopped and slowed his breaths, listening for Tony’s. Tony’s elbow bumped against Steve’s shoulder blade as he moved, presumably to feel for whatever patch had been put on him the night before. He always did that upon waking, always spent his first few moments in a haze of idle curiosity.
Tony rolled his shoulders back, letting the stretch of it splay across his shoulderblades before he pushed himself up to sit. Tiredly, he turned to his side, resting against the headboard with his head tilted down toward Steve. The robe he’d slept in slipped down his shoulder with the movement; without a thought, Steve pulled it back up so it sat even with the other side, tugging the midsection of the robe down to keep it in place.
"We're going to get you home," he promised.
Steve set his hand on Tony’s chest, pushing him away ever so slightly. Once he had enough room to maneuver, his hand went to his pocket again. He presented Tony with a little packet of lube, the amused sparkle in his eyes clear as day.
But he could say that he memorized the color of Steve's eyes. He could pick it out on a color wheel. He could tell you that Steve's eyes were more deep blue than teal, ever so slightly more purple than green, with a dark ring around his pupils and light flecks like a Jackson Pollock stretching from the center of his eye to the outer circle. There were more shades in Steve's eyes than there were in crashing waves and nebulas. There was more complexity to his irises than there was to all the stars in the sky, pushing and pulling and falling and turning.
As the days or weeks or months passed, it only got more disorienting. His meals started out fairly simple; he'd have some meat, some rice, and maybe a fruit cup or a small serving of vegetables. He refused the food at first, too, but it wasn't long (it felt like it, though, and maybe it was) before he felt as if he'd starve if he continued on like that.
“Well, mission complete. I’ve got the timer set up. You two can head out.”
“What was—” Steve starts, too startled to finish. He meets Tony’s eyes.
“Really, Steve.” Tony reached for his umbrella as he approached the doorway, checking over his shoulder to make sure he was being followed. “I’ll be alright.”
Steve huffed out a laugh, bumping his shoulder lightly against Tony’s. “No worries, Shellhead. No harm, no foul.”
He puckered his lips, moved his own face within inches of Steve’s cheek, and waited.
of a t-shirt, at least, made out of some kind of dense mesh material— dense, at least, in most areas. There was a panel accenting the abs, the mesh inside of it more transparent and less tightly packed. The transparency traced downward from the navel, curving along the insides of his thighs and leading downward. Now, Steve knew his hair was fine; it was thin, wispy, and so light that you could hardly see it against his arms just by looking at him, but he still felt there was hair down there that would be a little… exposed in clothing like that. It wasn’t the most comforting thought.
to make it an offer more so than a press.
“Oh, yeah? Show me your moves, then, hot stuff.”
A harsh sob was torn from his throat; it was longing, it was love, it was pain, it was disbelief.
Tony was fiddling with the bandages on his head when Steve got back to him. His hands were shaking visibly, thumb running back and forth jaggedly over the edge of a bandage in a way that didn’t seem intentional.
He felt stupid for mourning the loss of last night’s bed partner; he’d known from the beginning it’d turn out like this, and still, he got close. He let himself have it, selfishly, hoping desperately that whatever he could give to the poor man would serve as ample compensation.
, give him
With a neutral expression and just enough of a glint in her eyes to show her amusement, she said, “Give me the thingy.”
Steve’s tone betrayed his words, his voice cracking with a small bit of a laughter on “wasn’t” as he lost a small bit of his composure. At that point, the jig was up, and it all crumbled.
something about it. Because everyone liked dessert, and everyone liked… blankets, and maybe Tony knew him well enough to know a well-baked muffin or a crocheted scarf didn’t make him anything but a man worried for his guy.
He felt Jack Marshall’s breath on the back of his neck before any words were spoken. A hand came to rest on his lower back, fingers teasing at Steve’s waistband. His mind went to the image inducer before any fears of violated privacy; he reached back and took hold of Marshall’s wrist, exercising great restraint as he pulled Marshall’s arm away from himself.
Steve’s jaw clicked shut, the silence that followed deafening. It could have been explained away, Tony thought, and they would have been fine. As Steve sat, wordless, Tony’s brain lit abuzz with all the possibilities of what it could have been.
He wouldn’t fight it.  He wouldn’t avoid it. He’d take what Steve gave him.
Steve gave a little wave, the same sense of unease that had washed over him in the conference room returning to settle in his stomach like a rock. He took in the sight of Jan, who was, admittedly, wearing something that even Steve knew was tasteful— he’d say it was spy chic if he was asked, with a black skin-tight turtleneck, high waisted wide pants, and some fingerless gloves that he could personally appreciate. Tony was Tony, dressed how Tony dressed, and the whole scene felt right out of a movie. A movie about people that Steve, once upon a time, thought were too expensive for him to even
“I know. I told him that.” Nat poked her head into each room as they passed; it was a habit of hers, Steve had noticed. He thought it had something to do with the desire to be aware, to always know the ins and outs of the battlefield, to be prepared for anything. He could relate, certainly. “This guy’s taste in art is dog shit. There’s barely anything of value around here— if I had to guess, I’d say his net worth is on a steep decline.”
knows the basics of time travel.”
“Lead the way,” Steve said.
“I, uh, actually thought about that already,” Carol admitted. “But after looking into it, I found— Okay, I’m not going to show you guys the pictures, but he’s, uh… exclusively MLM.”
But Steve wasn’t, and Tony hadn’t.
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve huffed out under his breath, apologetically caressing the nape of Tony’s neck.
Steve gave him a skeptical look, but let it be, tearing bits off his own bagels and popping them into his mouth. “Sleep well?”
Tony hummed noncommittally. The jitters of before weren’t so strong, then. He inched closer to Steve until he could feel Steve’s breath on his jaw, fingers still idly caressing the metal embedded in him.
He thought Bucky was happy with his second chance. As happy as he could be, at least. He had Nat, and there were plenty of days where he looked at Clint and Sam more like family members than nuisances (though, even the latter seemed fond most times). He had his cat and his apartment, and his job suited him as well as any, though Steve sometimes didn't love to think of it in those terms.
“Well, we’ve got some decades to look forward to.”
Tony barely ate at all, from what Steve could see. He didn’t smell food in the night, either, so Tony must have been eating milder foods. He had specific dietary restrictions when he ate with the team (which was a rarity in and of itself): no garlic, no silverware, and, if it could be helped, nothing too pungent (garlic, he supposed, was especially pungent). Eccentric, indeed.
His bookshelves were filled to the brim, mostly with titles that Steve recognized (or thought he might be able to recognize based on timeline alone, even if he hadn’t read them himself). There were little trinkets strewn about every available surface. Some pieces of decoration seemed outdated for the home but not ill-fitting; Tony must have been a collector. He had the money and the interest to pour his time into antiquing, Steve supposed.
He couldn't have imagined himself sobbing at the beginning of this. It was all a sick fucking game, and he knew that well. But, fuck, he'd been deprived of everything, hadn't he?
It may not have been the most logical conclusion to reach, in hindsight, but there were more important things to tend to.
grateful. He’s just weighed down by it, unwillingly grounded by it, and he’s so tired of being chained down to reality like this.
, give him anything, and he wouldn’t be telling one lie. He wanted all of it.
“You really don’t have to,” Tony argued, at the very least
No answer.
He’d be without the shield, semi-alone, with a weapons-dealing billionaire with security on site who wanted nothing more than to get into his pants.
“Tony.”
He can count on one hand how many times he’s tried to feel this release, how many times he’s tried to push himself to the brink, but even then, it’s never been for him. It never will be— at least, not entirely. Peaceful, fulfilling deaths are reserved for those who deserved the lives that preceded them.
Steve Rogers was a biter. He was a biter, as well as a kicker, a puncher, a grabber, and anything else you could be if you'd grown up scrappy and weren't a fan of being kidnapped by terrorist organizations. There was nothing
Well, it didn’t matter. He’d forget. At some point or another, he’d forget, and.
“What, you were hard-domming muscle daddies?”
Steve half-shrugged. He took a sip of his (Tony’s) drink, taking a moment after to order that pitcher of water on Tony’s behalf. Tony could give him one thing, at least; he was assertive.
He opened Tony’s door for him, stepping aside to let Tony in.
His world went from white, to red, to black.
"You gonna hop on, big guy?" There was a waver in Tony's words that Steve elected to ignore; there was no need to call attention to it. Not then. It wasn't like no one on the team would understand.
“I mean, just look at you. Outfitted in that beautiful
Steve hadn’t been kicked out- which he was grateful for- though, in hindsight, that fear of his was
“Clear,” Steve said, followed by the others. He stayed behind as they packed up and left, as he often did. It was always more comfortable for him to be the last one out, and the team got used to it over time. Sometimes, someone would stay behind with him to review the information gone over, or to chat idly before moving onto the next thing.
And speculate he did, it seemed.
“Well, render me speechless, why don’t you?”
Steve took in a breath, meeting Marshall’s eyes.
It was sweet. Steve thought it was sweet, at least, as it was none too overwhelming when the jokes would be laughed at and forgotten in the span of seconds, and their respective times away from each other would be carefully and respectfully preserved.
Had Steve been a bird, his feathers would have puffed up at that. But all he could do was stand a little straighter, a little prouder, warm with the flattery and the bond shared between the two of them. “That’s good to hear. Here I was, thinking it was
at Tony or something, just to let the guy know he’d gotten his point across.
He stepped inside, closed the door behind them, and pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips.
Tony wrapped the chains loosely around his hand, tugging Steve forward to press a kiss to his lips. There was a moment where Steve seemed as if he’d reciprocated eagerly, but then he was pulling away, shifting to the side to keep Tony from getting any closer. It had the opposite effect; Tony was jerked forward, his hand still tangled up in Steve’s dog tags, and his body jolted at the sensation of his chest touching Steve’s through the thin fabric of Steve’s shirt.
of him was, at times, more overwhelming than any party you could throw.
“… Right. So we’re retrieving the weapon,” Steve started.
Tony was stubborn in his own right.
He was proud to be where he was, then. He was proud of the growth he'd experienced and the changes he'd made. Some days, it was a kind of proud separate from himself, more akin to a feeling of "This is a version of me that's better for the world," as opposed to "This is a version of me that's better for me." Other days, he looked at everything he'd built with those he loved and the home he would forever be grateful for, and he felt a different kind of pride.
Steve's head jerked away from the wall he'd been staring at, his gaze landing on Tony and easing up once again.
It’s the same ratio of good to bad these days as it’s always been.
he said in his mind, hoping that the sentiment would carry to whomever it was he might have gotten a tad bit too close to.
, mortal,” the Grand-Master answered. “You are not of their serried ranks.”
“I know. I know, but I don’t— Right now, I don’t need anything, Steve, I just want to forget about this.”
Well, there it was. Tony Stark was a stellar fucking conversationalist, clearly. People were practically falling over themselves to get a spot in line to speak to him, weren’t they? And why wouldn’t they, for riveting tidbits like “Right, yeah”?
- and reached into his pocket with the other, fumbling to find the plastic fangs he’d purchased. He placed them in his mouth, clicking them together twice to make sure they were on correctly, and jokingly said: “I
Tony’s gloved hand delicately fiddled with the plastic end of the bouquet, his eyes seemingly stuck on the few drops of water collected at the bottom of it. He wasn’t quite meeting Steve’s eyes.
And the day had ended. And he thought, maybe, that Steve would have done the dirty work himself; he thought Steve might have woken him up early, might have kissed him once for courtesy, and then sent him on his way before the morning set in.
The lemon water felt silly at first, too frilly and special to really register as anything meaningful. It was something a guy might drink on a hot day if he were rich or European, probably French. It was something ladies sipped at while they gossiped if they were watching their kids, too, and couldn’t break out a bottle of wine. It was that kind of drink— simple like Steve was, and delicate like Steve wasn’t.
Steve paused. Fidgeted with the sheets more.
“… Tony? I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to— We don’t have to.”
Steve nodded, leaning in for one last kiss. “You will.”
Tony turned to him, pausing for a quiet moment before turning back to the racks. He ran his hand across the hangers, pulling them away from each other one-by-one to see what was sandwiched onto the display, and stopped.
“Iron— Tony, what happened?”
Instantly, Jan appeared, landing lightly on her feet with what Steve could only describe as a squee. “Oh my God, I’m sorry, I just had to be a wasp on the wall. Tony, dear, c’mon. I’m gonna get you dressed.”
Or, well.
Tony’s plans had fallen through, yes— but was he destined to go the night without someone warming his bed as he’d so desperately hoped? His something-of-a-lover had stood him up more than a few times, and for him to come all this way for nothing would be…
“Are you… asking for my opinion on that?” Steve asked.
“Got eyes on the target, Iron Man,” Steve said quietly. “I don’t see security.”
Steve set his free hand on the small of Tony’s back, pulling him in closer and jerking him off in earnest. He was quick, turning his closed fingers with each up motion. The pad of his thumb caught the head of Tony’s cock every single time he moved, and Tony, sensitive as he was at that point, didn’t take long to come hard, pitching forward against Steve and riding through the twitches of his body with Steve’s hand still on him.
kind of pride. He'd felt nothing like it before. It got him more than he could have hoped for back in his twenties, when he thought (and maybe hoped) he'd die in the war, fighting the good fight. He had access to a better team than any could have asked for. He had more resources to do good than he ever thought he would, and God, the love he was able to feel was astronomical.
“Oh, yeah. Tony’s little data-delete-y device. The thingy.” Jan held her fingers up, almost pinching them together to show how tiny the device was. “No one’s gonna see it.”
“They’re nice, Steve.”
The Black Knight seemed worn from the effort of his valiant swing, Goliath’s hand coming down to steady him. He leaned into the weight of it, huffing out a tired, but victorious laugh. Steve couldn’t help but match the smile.
“Tony, what was the back-up for?”
The gun is a familiar weight in his hands, though it’s unsatisfying; the thought of any weapon being
Tony split his bagel in half, took a bite out of one of the parts, and sat back against the headboard. He wouldn’t, in a million years, have imagined that Steve would have tracked down the hotel room for some quality time, but he certainly wasn’t going to complain.
He woke up alone.
“Forget about that,” Steve answered. “Y’wanna pick up where we left off? We could do something nice, something light.”
Tony slowly reached for the edge of Steve’s shirt, watching Steve’s expression as he did. Steve was perfectly still, not unlike a deer in headlights.
“Two minute walk.”
God, it had been so long since he'd spoken. He could barely choke out
“I was fine, Shellhead.”
It would have been more fun with Tony, he thought. Maybe he would have danced.
And it meant something to Tony. And so it meant something to Steve.
“I don’t think a werewolf can judge a vampire in this day and age, Tony,” Steve said simply, though he was still in a good bit of shock, and his words may have seemed more distant than he intended. “That’s archaic.”
Carol, phone in hand, lightly urged Tony toward Steve. “Okay, c’mon, let me get a picture.”
Tony huffed out a laugh. “You’re kidding.”
Steve pushed open the cherry front doors once they reached them, allowing Tony time to open his umbrella and rest it upon his shoulder before continuing outside. He was frightened of wrinkling, clearly, or any signs of aging. Or perhaps it was a matter of pigmentation, and there were spots that only worsened in the sunlight, spots that Steve would never see due to Tony’s meticulous plan to keep his skin preserved well. It could just as easily have been a fear attributed to the paleness of his skin on its own. Burns were never pleasant, and maybe Tony in particular had some specific and exaggerated aversion to them.
“Ohh, man, should I go?” Carol asked. “Oh, but I want to take a picture of this.”
“Yep,” Steve answered, popping the ‘p.’ “It’s not too different from… I don’t know, armor? It’s really not that crazy once you get into it.” His tone betrayed his words, wavering and wholly unconfident.
, even— and it would be no more suffocating than it is now.
And he did. He does. King Arthur. Captain America. Everyone he’s ever looked up to, he feels, would seethe at the sight of him now.
It was easy to spot, even from afar.
“Tony…”
And then he forced himself to look up, following the lines of scar tissue to the metal disc embedded in Steve’s chest. Raised white lines of skin branched out from it like roots.
He woke up. His sheets were scratchy, but he'd grown used to it. It wasn't like he was a stranger to uncomfortable sleeping conditions, but he had to admit, having a billionaire for a husband made it easy to get used to 400... thousand, or something, Egyptian silk (or cotton, or something) sheets. It was easy to miss the lace trim of the robes Tony sometimes slept in (they were red, usually, such a vibrant red, and, Lord, Steve missed that red) when he held onto his stiff white pillow in his stiff white bed. He was vaguely aware of what it was he was missing, but he couldn't actually bring himself to think of words like
He employed the help of Jan (who handled his wardrobe), as well as the help of Google (which didn’t quite know the answer to ‘What is Tony Stark’s favorite flower?’ but certainly did provide pictures of Tony with and around flowers, which was… fine.) And he’d asked FRIDAY for the rundown of Tony’s schedule, which she’d happily provided.
His breaths came in quick and shallow as they turned him back around. His back felt raw against the cold metal of the table. He was a resilient man, certainly- Steve Rogers was, at least- but this was so much after so long of so little, and he couldn't help but succumb to the overwhelming pain. His head lolled as far to the side as it was able to, and when he was finally able to open his eyes, he noticed a red spot of blood on the white coat of the man standing at the table's side.
“When I was a sickly toddler with
“Are you--” His nose scrunched up as he searched for the scent once more, but he couldn’t quite find it anymore. “Tony, are you alright?”
The kind of good Tony wasn’t worth on his own.
“Let’s not,” Steve said.
, Tony reminded himself. There was a part of his brain, however, that had missed the memo on that. That part of his brain just so happened to be connected to his mouth, and his mouth, evidently, had also missed the memo on that.
Tony put everything on risk, he knew that. He needed the extra time, but it was risky to act so provocatively against Burkwill.
, it had gone through his mind, which had been bothering him for days. Bucky had fought for him and had extreme problems now. It was no longer the Winter Soldier who had been lying in front of Tony, it was no longer a murderer. It was a colleague, a friend who had done everything to protect Tony and, in the end, apologized for something else.
"That ..." he murmured.
Actually, I just realised that there is only one more chapter after his and an epilogue. So, we are pretty much on the end of the story. Yeah.
Steve took a deep breath and let the air slowly escape his lungs.
"I can’t. Natasha, I ...," he stopped, his voice thinner than expected, much weaker, reflecting his reality. "I'm not feeling well, I would hinder you. I've been working all day, I'm sick, I don’t want to bother...," he admitted and hesitated. He did not meet Natasha's eyes. "I’m sorry. I can’t go with you, but you have to. You are enough. Wilson, Barton, Maximoff, probably Lang too ... and Rogers and Barnes. You don’t need a man like me. My suit is not even finished yet. Go ahead, I would endanger you."
"We were forbidden!" Scott interrupted in confusion, looking at the map Friday had projected across the table. Two points were drawn on it, probably symbolizing two planes, Bucky realized.
"Who is this? Did you get him off the line?" the soldier asked, leaving room to Fury to hear what Tony had to say.
As his eyes darted around the room, he noticed that Steve had done exactly the same, and Vision kept an eye on the entire room as he put a cell phone on a cupboard next to him. Natasha was sitting on the back of one of the armchairs and Rhodey had sat down. Clint tapped something on a cell phone and told Barnes what he was doing. The soldier sat next to Wanda, who was nervously tapping her fingers on her legs.
Tony sighed. He needed Pepper here. The nightmares with his parents were the worst.
It took barely half a second before a person reacted behind the camera. It was apparently a live broadcast because the man answered something with a German accent and then you heard the shot. He echoed loudly in the conference room. The agent Smith fell backwards. The other four jumped and shouted something that none of the viewers could understand.
The sight had been amazing. Steve lay asleep on the bed of the soldier, looking tired and weak at Tony, making an apologetic grimace. Bucky had repeatedly told him that he was sorry for everything he had done, but Tony could only return the apologies.
"Oh, you sure about that?" Tony said sarcastically, earning a kick against the back by the same man. He could barely see what was happening through the rain and tears in his eyes, but the Asian-looking man pulled a big knife from his belt. He asked Burkwill something in Mandarin, who had calmed down a bit now but kept his eyes between Pepper and Tony. Burkwill answered curtly and the Asian explained something to the younger one - probably Kima - in English, which made little sense for Tony. He could only feel the claws digging deeper and deeper into his shoulder and certainly destroying something.
He remembered how the soldier and he watched Star Wars for a whole night, and how thrilled Tony was that the other loved it as much as he did.
have to. We’ll have time for that, too. Now we have to sort something out." Rhodey looked demanding. "Tony, we all need you here, you are important. To each of us."
as always.
A small alien stung his leg and narrowly missed him. "Fucking shit. Has anyone seen the brain of the things?" Rhodey shouted. He flew a little further into the air when bullets narrowly missed him. "On the bridge, under the corpse mountain," Clint replied quickly. "Can you bomb them away?"
"It must have been what the alien said." She paused. "I could not understand it, but then I heard something else. I can remember exactly. Two men came out from behind the thing. One was old, he smoked and called the other a boy. They talked in English, but the younger one had an accent that I could not match. But he apparently understood the monster."
They had actually come to help them.
"You had promised not to go alone," Steve said, coming out of one of the corners.
He pointed with his hand to the toilets at the back of the plane and then walked down the corridor.
For the next ten minutes, Steve hit monsters as much as he could. He and the others, too, had gained new courage and strength through the arrival of Natasha, Rhodes and Vision.
And most likely it was going to be Tony.
"Tree," he shouted frantically as the two men passed him.
"The power didn’t show an accurate system when and where it appeared. That's why we couldn’t identify any causes yet. It was detected mainly by power outages. We can’t even say with certainty whether all power failures were caused by the same thing or not. We have no clues. The only thing we knew was that something was going on."
With a watchful eye, The Person stood next to the hospital bed and did not move an inch for ten minutes. The whole time Stark did nothing but to sleep, as if he was not at mortal danger.
, Tony thought, shaking his head.
Tony had begun to build his suit after Friday assured him that she would initiate some ways to establish contact with Lang and Wilson. The new one obviously had a really good equipment, otherwise, he would not have been able to change sizes at the airport, and Wilson was definitely equipped with his resources, so Tony was a bit startled that the contact had been broken off. But it was not his priority, because they were both heroes and in a group with some well-trained agents.
"Would it be possible for an object that has been many hundred yards in the air to fly there?"
Steve could still remember the big shadow that had suddenly darkened the whole environment. Just then did they look up and saw the danger: The grey floor of the huge plane had a threatening effect. Slowly the ship had pushed through the afternoon sky; Steve had wondered why no one had seen it, but there was no time to think about the question. As fast as they could, the group had suited up with their partially badly repaired or even newly made armour and somehow Falcon had managed to transport them all gradually to the ship.
Natasha nodded. "SHIELD had suggested sending agents there, but when Wilson and Lang take a look at the child I said we should be able to talk to the woman as well. I wanted to ask Steve if he would come with her if she adored him."
"No," Tony called and immediately lowered his voice again. "It's ... fuck."
Pepper had ordered him to sleep, but it seemed to have made things worse. Had he better kept talking to her, that helped, even if it was late at night, thanks to the time difference. Ever since the incident in Siberia, it had become an almost daily routine to talk to her, even though she could not get away from her location in California and Tony couldn’t leave Rhodey alone in New York. He missed her, he missed that he had someone with him who knew everything, with whom he could talk about everything.
"And I know that you feel guilty for everything happening right now, even if you're trying to downplay it. But this is not because of you, nor is it just about you. It's about human life! And too many have already been destroyed. You have signed the contract so that no more innocent people have to die and now think about yourself for a damn second!"
"That’s the Shore Road. It extends over several miles. There is a beach and small forests. There are several sandstone formations, as well as some parking spaces. But everything is empty currently."
"We are not that far yet."
It took him a few seconds before he realized that this was probably sandstone and there, on the edge of his field of vision, the sky. His breathing rattled and hurt and sweat ran into his eyes.
could honeypot!”
Right.
“You know him?” Steve asked; if he were more fidgety a person, he might have shifted in his chair at the twinge of discomfort that radiated through his chest, but instead he sat still, his eyes on Tony.
Wordlessly, then, Tony led Steve inside. Steve scanned the room, and his tight grip on Tony's hand loosened as he took it all in. The lighting was warm and soft. The bed was adorned with red and gold sheets (Steve's suggestion, because really, Tony just looked so
They continued on like that for a while, for a small infinity, until their breaths came in shallowly and their hips twitched and they came together, Tony slumping over Steve’s shoulder with a breathless laugh.
Tony tossed the packet and condom both onto the nightstand, turning his head as he did to cover up his chuckle. Steve took hold of his collar and pulled him close; if nothing else, the kiss he pressed to Tony’s lips served to stifle the laugh.
“The fact that I am what I am. And we did what we just did.”
And Jack Marshall wasn’t
Tony gave her a funny look, pausing where he stood in front of one of the racks. “I haven’t really been on the scene in a while. Even when I was, I wasn’t the
It was just a familiar
Tony yawned, taking once last cautionary glance at Steve before going limp on the bed, letting his eyes fall shut. “See you when the sun’s up.”
have a time machine laying around somewhere.”
“Whoa, hey,” Steve pulled it back. “Look, I’m not… No offense intended here, I think it’s best we keep our drinks to ourselves now.”
The future had given him all of that and more; his favorite thing of all, he thought, was Tony Stark. It was only fitting that the future would gift him a futurist, so gorgeous and bright that all the stars in the sky couldn't outshine him. His eyes sparkled and his body- lithe, but toned- was quick and jerky in as graceful a way Steve could have pictured it. He was a man rife with contradictions; he sought love more than anything but never thought he could have it, he so desperately wanted to live to do his work on earth and yet seemed to struggle every day of it, he was lively but pained and handsome but tired and so complex that Steve had difficulties keeping up at times. Tony Stark was everything.
No blood.
“Steve,” Tony repeated. The light in the place was dim, almost sepia toned, and Tony couldn’t quite make out the features of Steve’s face. Somehow, though, he felt it matched the name. Tony wasn’t sure he could say the same about himself. “I’m Tony. Pleasure.”
Steve might ask him.
Just as he stood to leave, a man sat beside him, also tallish, and much more thinnish (
Jan perked up, not quite dismissing the outfit yet. “What’s the thought process here?”
, or anything, really,
In the cold, he guessed.
“I’m pretty sure it’s corny. I’ve seen the opening scene. It was corny.”
But like he thought before, Steve's eyes were something he could drown in, and drowning happened slowly; at some point, there was no more fighting it.
“Classified, is it? You’re fighting?”
Tony wished he could have said the mess of metal clinging freakishly to Steve’s chest was the first thing his eyes were drawn to. It might have been some distorted sort of narcissism guiding his eyes; his gaze fell immediately to Steve’s awkwardly protruding ribs, a sight Tony had seen in the mirror a handful of times. Tony noticed the line of Steve’s hips and the bruises on his sides.
Tony figured he had quite a bit to untangle.
He’d made a little plan of his own, and he was ready to put it into action.
But longing was universal. The desire to be loved, appreciated, praised— it was universal. Right?
Steve had been sat down on the hard, almost purely decorative couch of Marshall’s too-big living room (and he wondered for a moment what made Tony’s living room just the right size, as the square footage, he thought, probably didn’t differ much) for an hour at that point, unable to catch a break or slip away. Tony’s voice, at least, popped in every so often to crack jokes at Marshall’s expense or check in to see how Steve was faring.
None of his business. If no one was screaming or calling for help, it was none of his business.
But how hard could it be, really?
Tony reached up, fingers delicately outstretched. His movements were slow and careful as he watched Steve’s face for any sign of discomfort.
Steve’s hand came to rest in Tony’s hair as Tony got closer. Tony pressed against the touch, as much as he would have liked to say he didn’t, and leaned forward to let his cheek rest against Steve’s thigh. If Steve was so loose about undressing him, he could be loose about undressing Steve, couldn’t he? He deftly unbuttoned Steve’s pants, pulled the zipper down, and… glanced up.
“Is that it? Big metal suit with guns?”
It was a good few seconds before he found it in himself to sit up. He felt a familiar pain up his spine, blossoming out into his shoulders and caressing his ribs. He wasn’t much for yoga, soreness-prone as he was, but it was worth it then. He’d stretch later on.
But he did know better. Tony was thrown off by someone matching his level, Steve knew. Tony was an open book, especially with Steve. They were the best of friends, after all, and Steve thought there was very little Tony could bear to hide from him.
He wonders how tone deaf that might sound out loud— how privileged, ostentatious, self-pitying.
It was almost for naught, as the sharp knock on his door nearly startled him into losing his balance anyway, but he caught himself before he could stumble. He rinsed his mouth out, slipped on the complimentary robe from the bathroom closet, and went to go answer it.
“What’s it power?” he asked.
“No, I.” Steve held the flowers out for Tony, an earnest but nervous smile on his face. “I was hoping I’d get to go on an impressionist-lesbian-painting type first date with you, actually.”
There was no love to be found.
“You alright?” Steve asked, shifting his weight to one forearm against the bed so he could reach up to touch Tony’s cheek.
walk Tony to his door (and ever the gentleman
And Tony did.
“That it is, Shellhead,” Steve said. “It’s a date.”
Tony moved. Shifted. Steve let the freshly bared, too cool spot of skin on his back ground him, pull him away from his own head.
“Sure. But you did what you set out to do. Mission complete. You got us access, and he’ll wake up tomorrow with a bad hangover, probably thinking he got laid or something. Take the win.”
“You much of a dancer, Cap?” Tony asked. His voice was clear, sharp as anything. If Steve closed his eyes, he could picture Tony beside him, murmuring in that same low tone. He almost missed the older comms, the ones with that sounded a little more static, tinnier. They always made Tony sound a little more Iron Man-like, in a way that was funny, charming, and comforting all at once.
, too clear to be anything but intentional.
The gentleman he was, he did try to let Tony go, to pull Tony’s head back. Tony insisted, though, pulling back enough that he could swallow painlessly. He was gentler through the aftershocks of Steve’s orgasm, his movements smaller and more deliberately soft.
“What is that?” he asked, slowly.
Tony looked like as opposed to memories he had of Tony himself.
Steve, whether out of politeness or a feeling of being trapped, stayed where he sat. Maybe it was the only place in the bar he could sit without confronting those he clearly wanted to avoid. Whatever the case, he sat, and Tony sat, and it was a little bit terrible.
And Tony does, though he knows nothing Steve says will settle in. Nothing will seem right or feel right or— or be right, and it’s an impossible situation to be putting Steve in, and he
“I was wondering if you’d be willing to join me,” Tony added, lining the book up with the wooden corner of the desk as he set it down. “It’s a nice day outside.”
just given up. Maybe he was leaving it up to the team to find him. But that wasn't like him, was it? He couldn't stop fighting now. They must have been drugging him. There must have been something in the food, something in the IVs, something in the air.
He seemed to be about done with talking. He took a few more deep gulps of his drink, leaned against Steve’s shoulder, and promptly went limp, eyes fluttering shut.
He had the most gorgeous eyes.
with me.”
And though T’Challa’s face was obscured by his mask, his grin was audible. “We ask no more, friend,” he said.
She told him— someone— that he would’ve gotten it done, that he didn’t need the back-up Tony sent.
“What, is my package not enough?”
And then he moved in earnest, pulling his head back and forcing it back down, upping the pace until he was well and properly doing the throat fucking on Steve’s behalf. The grip in his hair tightened, slowly at first and then all at once.  Steve let out a harsh “
Personal. That was a little personal. He’d try to shake the thought of Tony— both of them— in that position.
“I’m shadowing Cap when the time comes. I doubt he’ll have room to bring the shield, and we don’t know how much security this guy has trailing him at any given time. Now, everyone clear?”
“His name’s Jack Marshall,” Carol continued. “He’s allegedly in the possession of, uh. A weapon.”
He usually had more to say. He thought it odd how silenced he felt, and how little he minded. Maybe he really was that desperate. Maybe Steve really was some kind of fix for him, and Tony was behaving as well as he could in fear of the withdrawal that would come in Steve’s absence.
, he thought, and it gave him a new sense of purpose. When he woke up next to Tony Stark, he woke up content.
“It’s a suit,” Steve finally answered. “Big metal suit. With guns.”
“Mm, yeah,” Steve stroked a little quicker, then, his grip slightly more secure. “How would you best
They split a milkshake. Steve, with the sipping force of a goddamn hoover, drank 80% of it over the span of a few seconds. They split a second milkshake, and Steve restrained himself.
a whore.”
Before Tony could press further, Steve reached down, popping the bin open by its sides and setting the lid down against the nightstand. Inside was a collection of leather-bound sketchbooks, their pages uneven, thick and worn. Underneath the layer of books were canvases of varying sizes and carefully put-together bags of supplies. Not a single painting was complete, and Tony’s fingers found their way to the bare white of the edges of one, his fingertip tracing along the exposed sketch.
He was conscious enough to ask himself, again:
There was a note, too, stuck to the base of the lamp. Tony reached over, hissing slightly at the pain of the stretch, and flicked the light on.
“Was that another poor attempt at comedy, or?”
It was a sick cycle, and Steve was well aware of that; you fought to avenge those who fought before you. They fought to avenge those who fought before them. They all had their reasons, he supposed. Some men needed the money, the shelter, the sense of belonging... and some men, like him, just wanted to do good.
The walls were white- the kind of white that the penthouse was, sterile and immaculately kept. It wasn't much of a comfort; their penthouse, at the very least, had splashes of colors and plants in some corners and crevices. This room had nothing of the sort. There was a white bed with a white bed frame and white sheets, and a white table in the corner with a white chair, and there was a white shirt and a white pair of pants for him to change into atop that white table, which he kindly (read: resentfully) refused.
“I’m not saying he
And perhaps Tony was even more funny in the moment, putting those plastic fangs back in his mouth for just a second to playfully say, “I
After all they’ve been through, it feels wrong not to.
“And paint,” Steve added, then. The emotion in his voice was lacking, his tone neither certain nor uncertain, and it gave away very little, if anything at all.
It had been days since the mission. The discomfort had worn off, and Steve had reacclimated himself to the relative peace and quiet of the mansion. They’d been planning next steps; all data and research related to biosamples of the Avengers and the weapon itself were set to be deleted at the end of the week, giving them a date by which their plan needed to be solidified. They’d go in, take care of the weapon, find any physical copies of the same data, and the threat would (hopefully) be neutralized. They’d still keep Jack Marshall on their radar, just in case— they’d look into how, exactly, he’d acquired the samples he did in the first place, as well— but for the moment at least, he seemed to be little more than a nuisance to file away.
He wanted to say it was morbid curiosity that kept him looking, but truly, there was nothing morbid about it.
Steve frowned, setting a firm hand on Tony’s shoulder. He’d been poked and prodded at for decades at that point; he certainly didn’t love the idea of someone having any samples from him on hand, but he didn’t consider it to be nearly as violating as some of his teammates— Tony especially— seemed to think it was.
“What’re you up to, here?”
“Look, dear, I—” he started, tone as soft and apologetic as he could make it. “Let’s watch. I haven’t even seen the damn thing all the way through, you know? How could I judge?”
at the flowers, his eyes darting from petal to petal like he didn’t quite know what to do with them.
“Tony?” Steve asks, saying none of those things Tony had predicted. Steve knows him that well, doesn’t he? Or is it just obvious,
He shuddered at the thought, at the feeling of Steve’s cock nudging against the back of his throat and (with some effort), slipping in ever deeper. His body went white hot at Steve’s responding moan, broken and stuttered and so, so restrained.
There was a hot, searing pain across the whole of his back, and he could hardly even turn his head enough to see what it was that they were doing to him. There was a metal object, wide but not bulky- it almost looked like a rake, and the thought of Hydra being cheap enough to antagonize him with tools from the Home fucking Depot would have been funny if he'd been present enough in his mind at the time to think about it in those terms. There were parts of the object that were giving off a bright orange light, and it was the kind of light Steve recognized. He'd seen it in Tony's workshop a million times before.
“You’re a vampire,” he said.
So, he ate.
completely unsubstantiated, as Tony clearly wanted him around. When Tony reappeared from the bathroom a half an hour later, his hair was a little wet and his face was cleared of what Steve thought might have been a light coat of makeup (concealer, right? maybe concealer, as the dark circles under his eyes were more prominent than they had been a short while ago). He climbed into bed with Steve, his cold body curling up against Steve’s side. Steve turned to face him and, for a moment, looked past him at the large mirror fixed atop Tony’s dresser.
It was hot metal.
He observed Steve closely, staring into that inscrutable bluish gaze— though deep as the sea, there was a warmth to them Tony hoped he wasn’t imagining. Was it a lovely, radiating warmth to draw Tony in?
He rested his head against Steve’s shoulder and, finally seeming willing to reciprocate something, Steve leaned back against him.
He steps closer, closes what little distance is in between them, and wraps his arms tight around Tony. Tony sighs, lets his weight fall against the solid mass of Steve’s body.
"You fell." A statement, not a question, as if he was giving Steve the chance to revise it.
“Steve, look at me.”
Steve was already miles away in his mind. It was only a matter of time before he left physically, too.
He waited until Steve took a hesitant bite of his meal before he nodded in satisfaction. He buzzed away, making quick work of the dishes.
Exhausted beyond reason and high on Tony’s atmosphere, the soldier let go of everything he’d been holding onto so tightly. He was asleep in moments, a steady heartbeat pounding under his cheek like a lullaby.
He closed his eyes, and refused to scream.
"Yeah, sure, let him in." Tony waved the voice away, frowning one last time at the missing balcony glass before turning away to greet his guest.
Steve levered himself to his feet, battling a sudden bout of lightheadedness at the change of position. It wasn’t uncommon for his body to rebel after he dumped a particularly strong cocktail of chemicals down his throat, and today wasn’t an exception. He powered through it, reaching through blurry vision for the unused hair gel on the shelf above the toilet. The feeling of slicking his hair back—a ritual he’d once performed daily with military precision—now felt unfamiliar and alien.
"If Tony had been the one to fall. If I'd been okay. Would you even be having this conversation?"
This is the playlist I listened to while working on this, if anyone is interested:
him see it.
"You know I don't know what you're talking about."
Steve shook his head, maybe a little too vigorously.  “Please don’t,” he choked out, and it came out carrying too much desperation and something close to fear.  His steel grip on the fabric of Tony’s shirt was making his fingers numb. He still didn’t let go.
Clint was suddenly close to him, clasping the soldier's face in both his hands. Steve's eyes snapped to the green ones of his friend, bewildered.
"iPads. The second iPad."
This was bad.
"Bruce." Steve must have sounded surprised, because the doctor looked up at him and smiled tersely.
to get to you. I swear to god Steve, I've never needed anything in my life like I needed to be there for you. I'm so sorry."
"Oh, come on," the billionaire insisted as he narrowly avoided rear-ending another car in the thick traffic. "It's witty."
"Clint, let's not do this—" Steve bodily moved in-between his lover and his best friend, and this turned out to be a terribly unwise move.
His eyes were open, he realized.
"I guess we will."
Clint said nothing, and Steve didn't need to look at his face to know how much that wasn't at all what the archer had wanted to hear.
Tony didn't know how to apologize. Steve didn't know how to live in a world that had moved on without him. They hurt each other. Tony lied and Steve drew into himself further and further every time they fought.
"I'm sorry," the soldier mumbled without knowing exactly what he was apologizing for. He gingerly began to remove the jacket, his heartbeat quickening.
Bruce was saying something from across the room, wiping his hands on a dishrag. He approached carefully, picking his way around stacks of boxes and piles of magazines. He pried the soldier's eyelid open and gave a him a critical once over, and then tossed a few quiet sentences at the assassin who still sat by Steve's head.
And so it was that when Steve drove 'home', it was to a forty story tower that could be seen from all corners of the city, and not the white picket fence and golden retriever he'd envisioned for himself in his youth.
The memories of such procedures were enough to convince him to try again. He grit his teeth and pushed himself upwards, metal sliding slick through damage flesh, tearing new edges and pulling pieces of skin with it.
.  Not the smell of coffee filling his dismal apartment, and not the unmistakable sound of sizzling burners and clanking utensils drifting faintly from the kitchen.
Tony was.
The explosion that followed was not entirely unexpected.
Unless his memory was failing him... he had truly fucked up last night.
“Steve,” Tony sounded incredulous.
Tony smiled, but chose not to pursue the line of conversation.
Half-awake and riddled in pain, Steve wasn't sure how much more of his two closest friends' complexities and hurt he could take at the moment. He just needed time... time to heal, to understand all of this... to sleep. He was sure that he could handle all of this in the morning.
Tony and Clint, on the other hand, could barely stand to be in the same room as one another. Tony turned his weaponized words against the assassin at every possible turn, and Clint refused to work smoothly with the billionaire, causing more than one hitch in their operations since then.
Faint and far away, his shower dripped on slowly. He needed to call his landlord and get that fixed.
Tony nodded and conceded the point.
And Tony didn't ask for permission when he shoved Steve against the cool metal walls of an industrial cooler, hidden by shelves and shadows.  The billionaire had one hand behind his head, guarding his skull from hitting the hard surface, and the other wrapped in the soldier's tie.
"Gone... Gone, gone." Tony sing-songed to the empty room, his armor-clad hand directing an inaudible symphony in the settling dust. "Steve... you're always gone."
Past the physical scars, past the missing parts of himself, Steve felt it to his very core.  Tainted. Incomplete. A man twisted and dissolved into a person he no longer recognized.
"Cut the shit, Steve," the words lacked all of Tony's usual spark, "you do remember what century you're living in, right?" He paused, eyes accusing, before he admitted his source. "I saw the security feed from last night."
Tony stood in the doorway, looking startled and half-awake. His hair was tousled and his eyes tired.
The soldier tightened his grip on Tony's arms, but didn't stop him. He felt Tony shake his head, press his face into the soldier's hair.
"I know. But he shouldn't have to."
But where there was longing there was fear, there was danger.  The terrifying possibility that if Tony touched him the illusion would shatter into empty beer bottles and colored pills and sleepless, screaming nights.
Who did he think he was? How did Tony think he could act this way and then try this? A part of him was feeling more betrayed that his lover was going off-book, when their relationship didn't work that way, and he had never wanted to badly to swing. Not because Tony wanted him to (and he was sure he did) but this time, simply because Steve was so damn angry.
The sheer, brutal honesty of the words drained him. Steve's shoulders slumped. The admission was the tip of the iceberg, but still so much more than he'd ever meant to reveal.
Shortly after the incident with the Shitari, they'd been called back together. That second mission had been... ugly.
The doorman knew Steve and let him in, making some crack about superheroes arguing and maybe next time they should just order both kinds of pizza. He seemed strangely unaffected by the soldier's hunched posture and bloodstained clothing. Maybe he'd been around Tony too long.
Tony pulled Steve into his arms and held him. He pretended that he did it because he was cold. It wasn't concern or fear or tenderness, he told himself. He pretended it wasn't love.
"You have no idea what I think." The assassin went on, and the words came out like poison.
"Just finish."
A sharp laugh turned into a dry sob, and Tony settled down into his destroyed love seat and let his eyes slide shut. It was just as well, he supposed.
The self-encouragement was, admittedly, mostly to quell the little tickle of uncertainty that blossomed in the pit of his stomach at the overly-sentimental idea of buying a gift for his boyfriend. Sure, he wouldn't have thought twice about it if Steve were a woman... but he wasn't, and they didn't bullshit one another that way. In a lot of other ways, yes. But romanticism had no part in their lives and it was something neither of them had questioned yet.
Steve looked up at the small black screen that announced their current floor. As he watched, the number on display changed from seventeen to eighteen.
"You're not," was the simple response. "Not as long as you're with him."
Pepper rounded the corner. "So... classic engraved cigar case?" She raised an eyebrow at him.
Clint left his side and returned to his chair and his magazine, his posture radiating anger.
He'd thrown two off the plane, careening out the cargo door and spinning off into the foggy night before the others had even had time to react. One had responded with a spray of bullets from a gun that handled him better than he handled it, and the other went straight for the attack.
Tony.  Tony in engine grease and whiskey and the musk of cologne, seeping into his pores, possessing him.  Tony’s magnetic presence threading into his own. Blending them together in ways ecstatic and terrifying, because how could he ever pull away from something that had become a part of him?
"Oh, you haven't seen..." (a pause to burp), "nothin yet."
Steve didn't realize how hard he was clenching his jaw until the sharp pain made him loosen it a little. "Tony." He warned, voice tight with stress. "You don't know what you're talking about right now."
He was fully equipped for the kind of self-validation that so many had built up inside of them, and yet…
The second issue with stubbornness in his line of work came with the reality of the job description. He was Captain America: he smiled for pictures, he played nice with politicians (within reason), he beat the shit out of Nazis and other worldly (or space-ly) threats, he filled out paperwork, he filled out more paperwork, and every so often, he was kidnapped.
Nat had clipped the image inducer to the inside of his waistband, a brilliant piece of Stark tech, and mapped out a face that she thought might get the attention of
“No.”
"I'll check in tomorrow."
Tony urged Steve to sit against the headboard again, half-looking up through his lashes as Steve got into position. He couldn’t quite make eye contact, then, couldn’t quite focus on anything other than the task at hand lest he take himself out of the moment again.
Steve unbuttoned Tony’s dress shirt, fingers deft but but lazy. He took care to caress each new inch of skin exposed, kissing a line down the center of Tony’s chest as he did. His lips were gentle, though chapped, as if worried at too often for too long. Tony didn’t know much about Steve, but every new detail he learned (assumed, rather) seemed obvious once he’d learned it. Of course Steve was a worrier. Of course. What else could he possibly be?
Steve draped an arm over Tony’s side, resting his forehead against Tony’s shoulder blade. Tension no longer lined the muscles of Tony’s body; as much as Tony had forgotten him, Tony knew him, still. He knew Steve in the way the sun knew the sky— not always clear, but always there, intertwined.
“You know what I meant.”
in, on, and around those colors) and the dressers were made of a gorgeous cherry wood.
This was one of those days.
“Well, lucky for you, I might be able to swing a, uh,” Steve looked Tony up and down, assessing him, “tall… brunette kink.”
“That’s the one.”
bit bad when he thought he’d hurt someone’s feelings, no matter how dumb it seemed. And this, admittedly, seemed a little bit dumb to him. He had his own dumb little things, too; he could hardly blame Steve for being a little sensitive.
“Yep. Iron Man out.”
He hated to frame it like this, but it didn’t feel like anything more than… theft of property, as if someone had stolen a gun off Bucky’s rack or an arrow from Clint’s quiver. He was more concerned about the implications, more concerned about the damage it could cause, more concerned about the fact that he’d
“What, really? Did you think I’d leave without giving you a proper goodbye?”
Tony, who’d gone silent until then, piped up: “Cap, you alright?”
“She’s not, because you’re not wearing it,” Tony interjected, taking the hanger out of her hands and placing the jumpsuit back on the rack. She let out a scandalized gasp, gently whacking Tony’s hand with her clutch. “It doesn’t really scream alpha male. At least, it hasn’t since the 70’s.”
Steve scooted up beside him, nestling close and holding the sketchbook against Tony’s leg. He let his head fall against Tony’s shoulder, a gesture that Tony responded to in kind.
When he was young, he thought fighting was something that happened between good guys and bad guys--
He sat up, his thigh touching a sticky wet spot on the bed beside him. His stomach, at least, was clean, and Tony figured the slightly damp towel on the nightstand had something to do with it. Steve— if that was his name, as Tony was never the most confident with things like this after long, long nights— was a sweetheart, after all.
