The sound that escaped Sherlock’s mouth must have pleased him, because he chuckled, his eyes narrow with intent as Sherlock kneeled. The way Lestrade’s gaze roamed over Sherlock left him vulnerable, wide-open. Could he tell Sherlock had never done anything like this before, that Sherlock was only using it as a means of securing his assistance in accessing cases?
John silently thanked Elua, Cassiel, any of them that gave him this opportunity to take umbrage and escape. He banged his mug down onto the worktop, its contents sloshing out. Without another word he stalked out of the room.
John strained his ears to find the only sound coming from the flat was Sherlock playing the violin. He closed his eyes and let himself get lost for just a moment. It was nothing like the lullaby Sherlock had played just months before. This was mid-tempo and sweet, smooth like silk on skin.
Sherlock relaxed his posture, looked up at Lestrade through thick lashes, praying he didn’t recognize Sherlock as the mad amateur who’d tried to burst down his doors two years prior, just to offer him assistance on a case. “Nobody you’ve met,” he answered. “I swear.”
I wouldn’t have had the temerity to keep going, save for infidusfiles, who apparently would’ve squealed at me when we met at 221bCon 2016 Had We Only Known, and ducky_one, who Did A Very Special Thing right after the first time I got left a less-than-loving comment. That--that thing you did. That was good.
Sherlock breathed in deep, breathed out slow. He was the incessant howl of the wind, the roar of the waves. He was not Sherlock Holmes,
“Tracking down these vandals,” Sherlock says, straightening his posture. “Thank you for catching them.”
The warm press of humid August, the weight of Sherlock’s hand in his--these are enough to push away that unimaginable pain.
the following afternoon, in silent prayer as he made his tea. Hours later and his hands still shook; it took effort to contain the motion, to betray none of his fear, his guilt.
Soft, impossibly soft bedding enveloped him when the the twins led him down. Dianne curled against him, her bared body softer, smaller. She trailed reverent fingers along his sternum as the bed dipped and weight shifted. Along his opposite side Apollinaire pressed against him, until he was bound by the sun and the moon, safe and grounded. The warmth radiating from both of them was divine.
It filled Sherlock with warmth, sunlight bursting through a thunderhead, a sharp thrill like beach glass after a lightning strike. He breathed John in, sweet and comfortable like the scent of apples, of home.
Sherlock broke their staring contest, looking away first to calculate how much longer he had to resist, and he looked back again at John just as quickly. He let his smile stretch wide and genuine.
“Sherlock,” John murmured. When Sherlock turned to face him, John jerked his head upward, toward the stairs and the bedrooms.
Once he’d settled in she set about making the coffee, her pleasant chatter filling up the kitchen. When she set the mug in front of him, however, her expression turned concerned.
The auction went off without a hitch--Victor Trevor had won, spurred by the chance to settle a score with Irene, with whom he'd been at odds for years. Why Irene wanted Sherlock to go to him, Sherlock couldn't fathom. But Sherlock had seen the way Victor had placed his bids, each volley becoming more and more animated as he met each counter-offer with a glare. It reminded Sherlock of a hunter, unwilling to lose sight of his quarry. At a dizzying £5,000, Victor finally claimed his victory.
Unable to find whatever it was he searched for, Sherlock released his hold. Torn between relief and regret, John beat his retreat back to the safety of his own room.
He stared down into his thick white Waffle House mug, shrugged, and let himself smile before he tossed back another gulp.
Then the London priest stepped forward and spoke, his voice even. “Brother John Hamish Watson, the council of Cassiline elders, against the guidance of both Temples of Elua, have voted by majority that you will be found guilty of the crimes with which you have been charged.”
Later, after Amelie had taken her leave and the house had settled into its nighttime routine, Sherlock lay awake, curled in his bed. He felt a pattern tugging at the back of his brain, just out of cognisant reach. The Ambassador’s daughter, Bryony’s investigation, these were somehow linked. Sherlock had no idea how, except that they both involved the death of a person on foreign soil.
His name was Jean-Julien Guitreau, the unnamed banker Sherlock had heard so much about, and he had been in Frédérique’s life as long as he could remember. They had fancied themselves in love, in school, well before Jean-Julien’s family discovered their secret. Next, Jean-Julien had been packed away overseas per the orders of his father, Jean-Marc Guitreau, a man tangled up in the French national banks so thoroughly he’d long since forgotten what it was like to be denied anything.
Despite himself, when Sherlock had re-entered his life that fateful afternoon at Bart’s, John had remembered with awkward fondness the way he’d felt at seventeen. But time and distance had given him the space to ignore the past’s draw, and he’d avowed to start over with Sherlock. They were friends, yes, and John could be content with that.
When Sherlock’s mother was settled once more in her chair, Sister Roberts paced behind her desk slowly, outlining her verdict. “Sherlock is indeed an
After another long moment Lestrade caught control of his mirth, fell silent again. His consideration brushed like featherweight against Sherlock’s skin.
“I don’t need to belabour all this and cry on some therapist’s sofa,” Sherlock said, words sharp and cold. He pushed up from the table.
The attendant let out a long-suffering sigh, but said nothing. Even still, Sherlock knew her thoughts likely travelled along the line of
Sherlock’s footsteps must have been too noisy in his haste to escape, because the man called out to him.
He could see some movement, but it was the soft slither of cloth that told him what would come next: Victor slipped the belt free from his robe and wrapped it over Sherlock’s eyes, knotting it tight.
but! I'm signed up for CampNaNoWriMo this month, which means a metric fuckton of writing both here at over on my
“Oh, I forgot--there are these.” She lifted a mask from the accessory pouch, a delicate thing of white feathers, brown along the eye-line, with a curved, dark glossy beak, as wicked as any raptor.
John had thought, stupidly he realised, that this work was separate from Naamah’s beguilement. He didn’t know what he expected, really. This was what Sherlock was trained for, what Naamah did. Manipulation and bartering with sexuality, playing on the basest of urges. It was selfish and shameful. In his own misguided way, Sherlock was only doing his duty to Naamah, wasn’t he?
He watched as she weaved through the heaped and cluttered maze, moving forward as best he could. At about 20 feet in, she had to duck beneath the legs of a desk turned on its side and a stack of old reference books; it was the only opening in the path she’d taken toward the back.
. He tugs at Sherlock’s bottom lip; all is heat, the molten interior of the sun compared to the water-chilled exterior, with traces of Scotch. Sherlock’s body drifts closer, John’s arms sinking to wrap one about his waist, the other about his shoulders, until they are flush together, and had John been a younger man, he would have known exactly what would happen next.
Sherlock’s stomach dropped completely. He’d seen this sort of thing, of course--collar play was fairly common in Valerian and Mandrake, and a well-known kink to the world at large. In the privacy of the Knight Court, it would be sublime, but this--Jim meant to display him, a tethered servant, before half or more of D’Angeline London’s realm.
Sherlock’s hands shook as he darted forward to retrieve the prophylactic. But soon enough it was open and rolled on. He took himself in hand, and mimicking her earlier action, nestled the length of his cock between her labia, until his glans brushed against her clitoris. Sally let out a gasp and her hands flew up to grip his shoulders, and he rocked forward again, a much gentler version of the exact maneuver she’d used on his arse. He did a few more times, right until she grunted with impatience, and he realigned himself to slip inside.
John wished he could accept them, wished he could find fulfillment in Elua's gifts the way everyone else did. But no, his master was Cassiel, and Cassiel was jealous of his own.
“It’s an international incident. He’d still be under heavy scrutiny, but the victim being one of yours--” and here Sherlock was sure Amelia meant
Dominique would risk his own fortune--or embezzle from the Banque Nationale--for one lordling’s son with whom he has no obvious connection.”
Jim jerked hard, breaking Sherlock’s balance until he threatened to topple over, his face centimetres from the mat-covered hardwood. Jim’s merciless hold was the only support between him and a bloody nose. The electric thrill of fear and a whole new sort of pain arced through his bones. His heart jackhammered beneath his ribs.
Paris sprawled around him, tugging the winter night over its shoulder in a dark, frozen blanket that sent tourists and locals back to the homes and hotels from which  they’d ventured. Even his own guard finally snapped a gruff command to return to the temple, and Sherlock found he didn’t have it in him to protest.
And when Lestrade crooked his fingers and curled against Sherlock’s prostate, he howled and bucked, begging, “Please, please--want you--please--”
, he realised, was Naamah’s blessing--the pure art of two people coming together. This kind of bliss was something to strive for, something to search for and bestow, and the giving was what made the taking so sweet.
No one’s love was perfect, but they served in the way they were called. Each of them--even Elua himself--was misbegotten. It never stopped them from acting in love.
Then, too, came the shame of what he’d done in the dregs of the night, those times when he gave into the weakness of flesh. Sherlock, regardless of his chosen devotions, deserved better than to be reduced to a sexual object in John’s mind.
interests me.” By the time he finished, his voice had dropped to a growl, barely louder than a whisper.
Surprisingly, it wasn’t until John had received his summons that Sherlock even attempted to leave the house, and did everything in his power to come along with John. John wasn’t sure if he was glad for the company or not.
John tugged at the plain twine that tied it together, unfolded the brown wrapping paper with an odd reverence. He lifted the lid to find that inside, nestled in soft green cloth the colour of a summer meadow, lay a shining pair of daggers in impossibly old leather sheaths. Beneath that were a pair of vambraces, equally as ancient and far more ornate than anything John had ever seen. Intricate designs were tooled into the leather, along with the scars of long-ago battles. They gleamed with warmth, oils having been freshly rubbed in to condition them.
John turned to see Sister Verreuil standing there, her chisel-fine features still regarding him intently.
Another ignorant question lobbed out right when Sherlock needed silence.  John was making a habit of that.
She twisted beneath him, quick enough to elbow him in the nose before he could catch her hands. He felt the solid crunch as his nose broke, the scream of his still-healing body as he wrestled her into submission. Warmth blossomed with the pain, but John hardly registered it. She gave more of a fight than he would have anticipated for a servant of Naamah.
When Sherlock does finally make an appearance, an hour later, the party’s in full-swing. Greg--dressed (for God knows what reason) as a “sexy cop”--and Mike--who’s come as Cupid--have gone from leading a game of bobbing for apples to bobbing for beer-bottles. Other classmates mingle or dance in the small clear area in the front room, and John’s holding court in the kitchen with some story or another from the last rugby game.
About halfway through, Connie reappeared to refill their drinks, and it wasn’t until John was halfway through his fresh coffee that he realised the taste--which was something bordering on amazing; he certainly wouldn’t have expected cheap diner coffee to taste so well-made--was in fact fully caffeinated.
The excitement over, people begin filing back into the house. Someone starts the music back up, and soon it’s just John with the small one by the ear, Greg headlocking the big one, Billy and Sherlock and Sally all standing there.
He knew his answer. He stumbled upon it on La Poveglia, and declared it to the tribunal here in Paris. Sherlock…  He had known, even then, that a life without Sherlock was meaningless. Sherlock was worth more than his own soul. Sherlock was true north, and John would surrender to that wholly.
A cheer went up from the assembled guests, and before Sherlock had to ask, someone pulled a stock into the centre of the room. It was a simple setup: two slats of wood hinged together at one end, with holes for hands and head, with a lock on the other end, propped up on a simple sawhorse frame. A jolt ran through Sherlock just seeing it: already he could feel its unyielding restraint, the bite of wood against the tender flesh of his wrists and neck.
John hasn’t intended to walk this far--not in the dark, not with such little sleep and so much Scotch.
Sherlock’s stomach knotted. John had hated him from the outset; did his Cassiline have some sort of sixth sense for this sort of thing, or had it been a coincidence?
Oh my gosh, we're getting close to the climax, y'all... I can't tell you how excited I am. Thank you, to the probably ten people (maybe, if I'm lucky, ha) that are still reading this beast. The fact that you come back after one and two-month lapses... I can't tell you how much that means to me. I love you all. <3
The “Latin” poem comes straight from Kushiel’s Dart, and I’m not saying anything other than that. If you want to find out, go read that book. (I’m surprised you’ve gotten this far in the story and haven’t at already started that one. :D :D)
The look on Luca’s face didn’t suggest that he understood a single word of Frédérique’s story, but he leaned forward all the same, laid a light hand across that nobby, arched spine and rubbed in slow circles, whispering the nonsense that supersedes all languages, that unintelligible wish for peace.
“Lovely to meet finally meet you, Mr. Holmes. Irene has told me an awful lot about you.” Mr. Ames extended his hand, and when Sherlock shook it his grip was firm, friendly, his fingers strong and callus-worn. All flirtation aside, Mr. Ames was obviously someone who made a lifelong habit of sketching, painting, creating, and who took great pride in his work.
Morbid embarrassment replaced all that vulnerability in John’s chest. “Leave it alone, Sherlock. Just go back to bed. Or to your violin. Good night.”
Oddest of all, those vulnerable moments had taken him more and more frequently to the memory of John’s voice as he brushed that appaloosa in Helen’s stable, of their rare companionable silences. He had no idea what to do with John--the idiot who knocked him off his rails, a stubborn prig who piqued his anger and whose smile was so rare that earning it felt like drawing down the moon with a tattered length of yarn. In another lifetime, they might have been friends.
what he wanted to ask, what he needed to ask, but this--all this had been so sudden. He was a man who thought quickly in battle, not so much in matters of the heart.
Just before John mustered the courage to say something, anything, Sherlock turned away. He busied himself at the modest bar off to one side, and brought them back each two fingers of Scotch in crystal tumblers.
Outside, John dropped into stiff parade rest until a taxi showed up. They climbed in just as Sherlock’s phone chirped again, and Sherlock gave the address to the driver.
John realizes he can’t breathe either--he is giggling far too hard for it, and can only resort to pointing at Greg. Surely his idiot friend knew about his shirt, right?
And then Sherlock’s tone changed abruptly, bright and almost chipper. “Which is why I called--you should pick up more laundry detergent. Dirty clothes and all. See you tonight.”
Sherlock straightened, took a deep breath. Kushiel wouldn’t forgive him this third option, either, but it was still far better than his other choices. Of all the ways he thought it would happen, this was never it.
Eventually the night’s main event could be put off no longer. The guests approached the brink of rowdy and impatient, all of them conscious of their bank books stashed in blazer pockets and purses, ready for the chance to win a night with Irene Adler’s first--and likely only--pupil.
he promised himself. It was the only thing that stopped him from crying out as he tipped over the edge.
it would be, to dance so close to him face to face. He curled his fingers around the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulled him close. Resisting the temptation breathe in his scent or let his lips brush Sherlock’s ear was an act of God. “Just take your time. I know you’ll find whoever it is you’re looking for.”
“Mr. Holmes?” Another woman approached, a priestess in Elua’s light blue robes, but her accent was English. Most likely she’d come with the London priest to this farce of an inquisition.
What left Sherlock’s mouth then was not part of his plan, and he could almost see his entire scheme crumbling down around him as the words fell out of his mouth, barely intelligible for their speed: “That was my plan originally--you are surprisingly attractive and out of everyone on the Met you were the one most hesitant to mock me and send me on my way. But then  I could tell by the way your breathing changed in the kitchen that you enjoy dominance play and especially the idea that I hadn’t a clue what I was doing with another man--"
How could he not know? France was home to Terre D’Ange, the region where Blessed Elua put down roots. When he and his companions--the angels who followed him--mingled with the people, that divine beauty and all those blessings were borne out in Terre D’Ange’s citizens.
“Cassiel chose Elua in favour of his own heavenly father, Adonai. He abandoned Heaven to remain on earth, ever at Elua’s side. He chose to damn his own soul to hell by handing his knife to Elua. Who is to say that Cassiel’s love was only that of a protector for a ward?” She breathed deep, her eyes bright with unshed tears. “What I believe--what we teach in Siovale--is that Cassiel’s love was pure because he loved him with his whole heart, with every fibre. We believe that Elua and the other Companions  were not The Misguided, the way Cassilines think. It’s arrogant for us to suppose we know better than the gods.” Her smile was sweet as she said it, gentle. “The other Companions shared their love with any that would share their bed, but Cassiel was content to devote himself only to Elua. All we know for certain is that the nature of that devotion was never commented upon in our holy books.”
, the likelihood a Valerian servant had received something equally damaging from Rachel Howells. He wondered what had been done to Frédérique nò Bryony. “Given the theme of your murders, she was wronged too, wasn’t she? The legal system failed her.”
It burned Cecily to think this was likely the same sort of treatment any of her brothers and sisters working outside Naamah's services might receive.
Two blocks and several aborted attempts at choosing his tactic for the evening later, Sherlock still found himself with nothing to say.
Lestrade chuckled. “Must be my magnetism,” he answered, and that’s when Sherlock ducked his head again.
He hadn’t yelled, he hadn’t said anything Sherlock hadn’t already tried, but John had the knack of looking him in the eye, of selling it with every ounce of his former station.
The Sussex property, though its borders were within five miles of the coast, was large enough it hosted a modestly-sized working sheep and fruit farm. The main house was at least twice the size Irene’s Belgravian townhome, a Tudor affair many might find charming, but Sherlock found just shy of dreadful. It was well-maintained, yes, but it was too far a departure from the comforts of his childhood home or the modern buzz of London and the domestic familiarity of Baker Street. It was too old, too cold, too foreign.
“Yes, John. Should I write that number down for you?” Sherlock’s tone was especially acerbic--whatever it was, this must have been serious. If it involved Victor and money, it likely concerned the case.
This was ridiculous. He was Sherlock Holmes, a grown man, chosen by a god. He was a recent survivor of several few murder plots by possibly the smartest man Europe had known, save Sherlock himself. And here he was, getting wobbly over some scratches in the wood.
--lend me your strength and your conviction. Purge my flaws--make me a Perfect Companion. I cannot see the correct way forward on the path you’ve set me on. Take this from me, or else release me into Elua’s damnation--”
There in the kitchen’s centre stood the blonde woman, Jim’s attendant, clad in black, a black toboggan pulled up to reveal her face, her gun--
Besides, if Sherlock accepted the offer, he was likely to fall asleep and do any number of things he might regret. He’d studied sexsomnia during a particular case a few years back, and he was too smart to think he was impervious to that particular danger.
John whispered soothing nonsense, stroking Sherlock’s thighs, his arse, gentling him as he rode through the aftershocks. A long moment later, he crumpled into a boneless heap atop John, lips pressed in slack kisses wherever they met skin.
A chime sounded in her pocket as her mobile slipped free to clatter against the gravel. The screen was bright, the preview of its incoming message plain.
Where had Elua’s blessings been, the night his parents’ car crashed? Where had they been, when John’s only options were his drunk older sister, foster parents, or Cassiel’s care?
Sherlock barely had the wherewithal to recognize the sting circling his neck and wrists from where his sweat had slicked the wood and snagged his skin as it dried until it left friction burns; they thrummed like a blissful anchor, bringing him back to reality.
At the end of that hour, Sherlock heard John begin to stir in his periphery. After another minute, John entered the kitchen and began puttering around. Sherlock sensed his goal was to blatantly irritate Sherlock, from the way he inspected the fridge to clattering crockery in the cabinets, to sweeping
Footsteps echoed on the hardwood floor in the hallway, stopped at his door. A sharp rap against his door sounded seconds later.
“I’ve never…” Sherlock furrowed his brow, trailing off in thought. After a few sluggish blinks and a disoriented shake of his head, it was clear he’d lost the thread.
“Too-much--” Sherlock gasps even as John rolls his hips slowly. Tears leak from the corners of his eyes, his body drowning in arousal and the punishing sting of limits being tested. “Too good, John--It’s so much--!”
Once Sherlock was dedicated in the temple of Naamah, he didn’t waste time in seeking out his path. He certainly wouldn’t take a House as was custom, and leave his patrons to the whims of the House’s
Then another door opened and after a few steps Sherlock was guided to sit on a bed. He fell back onto it, sure that John was posted outside his door, and that even that wouldn’t be necessary--Sherlock had worn down Victor’s jagged edges, had drawn out his solicitous side. It wasn’t uncommon, he knew, for a dominant partner to be just as tender as they could be harsh--but he’d not expected Victor to behave so.
It was that unique, miserable pre-dawn hour that always managed to render John small and solitary in a darkness that reminded him of his own shadows. His head spun with the revelations of the evening, the explanation Sherlock had delivered whip-sharp in the cab ride home.
The lift dinged, its journey complete, and John glared at the back of the porter’s head to keep from looking at Sherlock. The way Sherlock rose from the surface of his own thoughts, alert and tremulous, should never have been warranted by a bastard like Moriarty. If John had to stare at the curves and angles of his face, the smooth skin shaped by beautiful muscle, he’d rather not see it animated by tonight’s patron.
“They have reached their decision,” she said, no indication that her bare feet or modest robes left her susceptible to the biting cold. “I’m to take you back in.”
“I want--” Sherlock panted, “I want you to fuck me the way you would, sir. I’m not here for them, only you. Only you.”
It was only half-ten, which Sherlock found surprising. His little game with Helen had started after breakfast, and while the initial half of the game had been an hour of menial labour, he’d felt like the latter half, Helen’s return, had taken so much longer.
The breath squeezed from Sherlock’s lungs leaves him dizzy, and he pivots to push harder against it, angling to catch the end right where he needs it most.
“This… is certainly a pond, John.” Sherlock tried not to wince at how condescending he sounded, even to his own ear. “Erm--”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitched, those eyes darting to study John’s face. His voice came out in a whisper, barely audible above the echoes of water lapping beneath the dock. “What if I dared you to kiss me?”
Then Sherlock dove forward, driving his shoulder into Smith’s spine, and sent them both sprawling across the ground. Sherlock sat up quickly, a work of wonder in his own right, to grab Marcus’s arm and twist it back and up, a classic defensive pin.
“It’s not as if they were overly fond of us to begin with,” another guest said. “The fact is, the world at large has never been much in favor of the one country on earth whose prosperity and beauty has always been apparent!”
For his part, Sherlock was too much Naamah’s servant and in too much pain to care about his nudity. What did that comfort matter if he was trapped here on an island a thousand miles from home, the lone survivor of a quadruple homicide? He shivered all the same, though, at the draft that now pricked goosebumps along undamaged skin.
But the weakness in him did not abate, did not relent to the will of his devotion. It intensified. Guilty tears stung his closed eyes. He leaned back in his chair, let his hand drift down until he pressed the heel of his palm against himself, already half-hard.
again, where she ducks her head and draws her shoulders in just to make herself smaller. “What does it matter what he dressed up like, if he’s going to spend the time with you?”
So as the heat of instinct flushed his skin, he meditated instead on his first vigil on The Longest Night, his first year of service to the Brotherhood. He recalled the way the bitter cold insinuated itself between skin and muscle to dive deep into his bones until he thought the night would never end, that Elua would sense how weak he was and freeze him for his failures.
“Ah, Liu,” Sherlock said, slipping into character as the harried hostess came their way. His shoulders relaxed, his voice warmed, the insincere edges of a smile tinting his words. “My friend and I--we wondered if your back room might be available? I would be happy to pay my compliments to you and your mother. Is she in tonight?” Sherlock palmed a quid from his trouser pocket and held out his hand, which the hostess caught in a polite shake.
As their hired car pulled up to the kerb, Sherlock lost himself in thought. Why would an accountant with the National Treasury be keeping tabs on the head of a French bank, and what did Irene want with that information?
Whoever it was he cried out to, they definitely wanted Sherlock, and the guard was willing to cooperate. Whether that bode well or ill, Sherlock was ready to face that challenge.
Indeed, Sherlock found the assignation interesting enough that three nights later found him in the lobby of another posh hotel in Knight’s Doorstep, John at his elbow in his usual sombre grey attire.
John nodded his “Be back in a fews” at the nurses as he passed them and stepped out into the watery sunshine. Christ, it felt good just to get out of that building, sometimes.
Already John could feel the familiar burn blossoming in his cheeks. The tone in Sherlock’s voice, the depth of that dark-as-sin sound emanating from the receiver was unlike anything John had ever heard from his flatmate. And if there was one thing he knew was obvious, it was how much he
“Sherlock.” Her voice was soft, quiet. She’d learned how deep into concentration her younger son could go, and how hard he startled when yanked from it. Possibly the caustic chemicals he wielded made her a bit more circumspect. When Sherlock didn’t answer, she leaned over and tapped the power button on the stereo. In the sudden silence, she tried again. “Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, down!” This time the cry came through clear as a bell, and Sherlock ducked in time for John to pitch one blade forward--it spun end over end until it sank into the soft join where Neck Tattoo’s arm met shoulder.
So deep was he in thought that he completely missed Brother Vincent’s approach until his mentor clapped him on the shoulder, startling him out of his sombre trek out of the winding corridors leading from the Cassiline wing of the temple back to the main building.
In his delirium, Sherlock recognised it as the same threat John had given the night they chased Marcus Smith, the first night they’d ever fought side by side, the first time he saw something other than hate in John Watson’s eyes.
Sherlock staggered back, let the wall take his weight. She was right. It was a hateful, undeniable truth. John had risked himself more times than even Sherlock could count. John had put his
and let his mind replay the evening, honing in on every detail he could muster. If he could do this thing--if he could prove his genius to Jim, and then impress him in the bedroom, there was absolutely no reason why it wouldn’t lead to more--
There was no point in lying. Ames had already heard their reasoning, and Sherlock decided it would be more expeditious to enlist Ames’s help rather than his censure.
That did nothing to relieve Sherlock’s tension. This was a tease turning cruel, now, but he still couldn’t bring himself to pull away.
“Did your first fuck make you feel--” and here Victor twisted his fingers, scissoring them, stretching Sherlock further and brushing his prostate again, “--like this?”
Sherlock felt the instant the ropes were un-knotted enough to fall slack, the ache in his arms, his shoulders, his thighs and calves threatening to cramp from their strain. Victor helped him up, supporting his weight as he led him, still blindfolded, from the study and down the hall. The difference in air temperature on sweaty, sensitive skin had Sherlock shivering.
And the Brotherhood? If he chose to remain, he was faced with a lifetime of doubt from his superiors and peers, of unbearable scrutiny. Everything he’d been taught, everything he’d worked for: the entirety of the future he’d always envisioned--gone. The very things that had ever defined him, given him purpose. He would lose those.
“If you won’t tell me outright, I can spend all night dragging it out of you,” Victor warned, and Sherlock fought not to mirror the smile that curled at the edges of Victor’s mouth.
Marcus threw his hands up before him, palms outward in panicked supplication. “You gotta be bloody kiddin’ me! I didn’t sign up for this--”
Along the left-hand side of the tiny restaurant there were three booth-tables before the seating wrapped around the open kitchen area; Sherlock had picked the middle of the three booths along the window at the far end. Thankfully Sherlock hadn’t caved and lit his own cigarette, but their booth was woefully close to a tiny bar opposite, where an off-duty waitress had recently lit up.
Brother Vincent allowed himself a small, sympathetic chuckle. “Your anger gets the better of you, Brother Watson. This is a special honour.”
Sherlock frowned and snagged his teacup from the table. Its contents were over-sweet and entirely cold, but it was the motion more than anything that he craved. “Tension?”
Well. Sherlock could learn to be fine with that--who needed friends when he had an entire police force at hand to supply him with cases, and his pick of patrons from a dazzling buffet of connections, all willing to lavish him with just the sort of attention Kushiel demanded of him? And, if he got his true desire, would he even
Bryony was at the front. Sherlock skimmed down until he found Frederique’s name highlighted. Both the date and Victor’s name in the patron column, right where he expected them.
Startled, John yielded with a noise lost between them, a cry for help and a prayer answered. His cane clattered to the frozen ground as he clung to Sherlock. Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s, soft and chilly from the air, hiding a furnace of heat within. He ran his tongue along the seam, until with a punch-drunk exhalation John opened to him.
“Make yourself comfortable and I’ll go fetch Ms. Adler. Won’t be but a moment.” Her smile was polite, her tone perfunctory.
John hums thoughtfully, returning to his position behind Sherlock. He swats the bared arse before him which makes Sherlock jerk and cut him a sharp look. John shifts about on the bed; the click of the lube bottle is loud in the silence, its only accompaniment the heaving of Sherlock’s lungs, stifled by those damned sheets.
“Lovely girl, aren’t you?” John murmured to the horse as he worked the large hand-sized brush across her spotted flank. “Shame they don’t take you out more.”
“Ooh, you have! That’s good. That’s what I’m going to do to you. Lube you up and slide that little piece of steel right into your penis.”
Then he dropped his hands to Sherlock’s waist, spinning him around to face the crowd he so desperately needed to study. And thanks to their height difference, this was a blessing on many levels: John Watson, truth be told,
“Why do you do this to yourself?” John's gaze had not left the window, his words clipped. He sounded the way Mycroft used to, when he'd come home from school bloody-nosed and black-eyed.
“You’re worth it, Sherlock,” John whispered, all joking stripped away. “You’re worth it a thousand times, and then a thousand more.”
“The sooner this mess is sorted,” Mycroft said, something close to bracing fraternal concern in his voice, “the sooner you can come home, and focus on what’s important.”
“I’d wondered.” Sherlock let out a shaky breath, dark and sinful. “Part of me was hoping you’d hear me.”
Periodically Sherlock glanced at him, but John kept his gaze straight ahead, unwilling to engage him in some petty squabble here at a crime scene.
With that Sherlock dropped his eyes to his plate, a cooling pot roast with carrots and potatoes. It was simple and hearty, and likely what the priests and priestesses were having for the day. When he took his first bite, flavour exploded across his tastebuds, a greedy enthusiasm for sustenance after what he’d been through.
Without waiting, he shifted, slid lower until his face could graze Sherlock’s cock. The abrasion of slight stubble against such delicate skin ripped another moan, louder, from Sherlock, and John gently pinned Sherlock’s cock in the crease where neck met shoulder, and drew his cheek along it again.
The next morning, John skipped his usual routine in order to steel himself at his little desk, to hunch over and peck out the email to his prefect:
John smiled, gentle and fond. “I may not be a Cassiline brother anymore, but I don’t think I’ll ever be rid of that particular flaw.”
John banged his mug down onto the worktop, its contents sloshing out. Without another word he stalked out of the room.
John clenched his jaw, only too able to picture this voice asking this question to a patron after a night of--of--whatever it was Sherlock was going to get up to, exactly.
Sherlock fought back a wave of panic--he’d never get a second assignation with him. That much was certain.
Sherlock blinked in the sudden light, low as it was, completely lost in the endorphins flooding his system. Jim’s face swam into focus, his dark hair shining, his eyes bright with the joy of his handiwork.
Sherlock loosed a gasp like a plea, drawn so taut he was certain it wouldn’t take much more to make him finish right there, to his eternal humiliation.
He made damn sure, however, that his face remained neutral, relaxed. It would do nobody any good--least of all Sherlock--if Moriarty saw how much John disliked him.
The decor was sparse and mute, which in the gentle glow of lamplight held a warm sterility he found appealing. Bare grey stone walls, illuminated every few feet by electric sconces, were otherwise unadorned, and an unfinished black stone floor stretched beneath their feet. The alcove before them held a bank of candles, which lit up a tableau of stern-faced Kushiel bearing a rod in one hand, a flail in the other.
“But that doesn’t clear him of the other charges, Sherlock.” John’s voice held a bitter note, one Sherlock couldn’t place.
, he thought. If things got to be too much, all he had to do to put a hold on the evening was that one little word. The first tendrils of excitement crept in his veins, just considering the extents to which he would have to be pushed to resort to his
Warm brown eyes snared his gaze and Victor shifted, brushed his lips against Sherlock's. “I can’t tell you how pleased I am to hear that.”
John was glad, after the chase through Regent’s Park, that he’d had the opportunity to warm up. He hadn’t been as thrilled about bolting out of the house in ratty kit, but it couldn’t be helped. He managed to tackle the guy and toss Sherlock a cheeky wink before the Yarders arrived. He counted it an even draw.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, focusing further. “You also have a smear of green, a grass stain, on one knee, and a few reddish spots on your index and thumb, just there--” Sherlock pointed at John’s hand, braced against the mud-room’s exterior doorframe. He stepped in closer, drew in a lungful of John’s scent, mingled with something new. “You came back through the garden. You smell of apples--you always smell of apples--but now you also smell of flowers, especially--” Sherlock took another loud whiff. “Roses. Explains the state of your fingers.”
But it didn’t end there. No, by the time he lost count of the turns that had been taken, the offerings from the guests splattered his back, his face, his arse in stripes and smears; he’d been wrung dry. His whole body sagged limp and tender, overstimulated and blissfully aching.
“What--who, though?” Irene asked, for once having lost any semblance of her usual smarm and self-poise. Her eyelids fluttered as she ran through the situation mentally. “There are no overt enemies to Terre D’Ange--”
will escort your little crush to probably the most important social event he’s yet attended, and then when we get home, I will do things to him you will absolutely despise. Oh, he’ll love them, though. I’ll honour his safeword and everything. I won’t have it said I’m a rapist, after all.
The kitchen granted a welcome reprieve from the otherwise inane chatter of the dinner party. The dishwasher hummed contentedly, cleaning the last of the cookware, nearly ready to accept the dinner mess. Mrs. Hudson and John had both excused themselves, their maid to her own home and John to his room for sulking or whatever he got up to in his spare time.
“So that’s what you do.” Her voice held a quiet regard, a factual statement made warm by the innocence with which she said it. She paused, trailing her fingertips along his side. “Are all Naamah’s servants like this?”
“Honestly I was surprised she’d made her marque when she came to me.” Ames leaned forward and toyed with the corner of an sketch absently. To Sherlock, Ames seemed far more tired, older than Sherlock had yet seen him. His always-smiling mouth felt the gravitational tug down to a haggard, half-hearted frown.
He made his exit as the remaining guests murmured to themselves, picking at the remainders of their entrees. Sherlock sprung into action, circling the table to quietly clear the plates away. When his trolley was laden, he rolled it to the kitchen, bent on retrieving the dessert for the evening, a light pear-and-brie tart.
“To the back edge of the Prichards’ farm. Don’t worry, the old man doesn’t bother much, and I’ve been going for years.”
“Time to go!” he whispered, and they both kicked off, racing for the shore. They didn’t dare look back; John was absolutely certain he’d see Pritchard loading up his gun, snapping the barrel and the action back together and taking aim.
He focused on Sherlock’s hands, which fidgeted with the cuff of his pyjamas. Sherlock sat in the centre of the overlarge bed, cross-legged and anxious. It made him seem so much younger. This was the Sherlock that John wanted to protect the most.
Sherlock tried his best to make himself comfortable on the plush little loveseat in the parlour, all too aware of its creamy damask upholstery, of the rich mahogany furnishings and sophisticated decor.
“You’ve a bit of wetness on your shoes, but not mud. You went walking, and there hasn’t been rain in the past seventy-two hours, so you must have been someplace that retains water. We do happen to be at a farm, of all things, so it’s possible this has something to do with an irrigation system of some sort, but you also have--” Sherlock leaned forward and caught a bit of fluff clinging to the fabric of John’s shirted elbow-- “this on your sleeve. One would assume it to be a bit of loose wool from one of the sheep, but it’s the wrong makeup entirely and you don’t smell like a sheep, so it can’t be that. It’s from the seed head from a bulrush blossom; seeing as it’s late springtime now, and this particular bit is rather brown, it must be from last season, caught upon some of the thick vegetation around the pond you’ve almost certainly come to tell me about.”
“These too? Is this okay?” Sherlock asked, and while it was still the same sought permission as before, it held a playful note in reserve.
been the bone-deep fear for Sherlock’s safety. Each crime scene with a murder victim put him directly in mind of the same happening to Sherlock--and without fail it terrified him.
“Don’t,” he whispered. Scanning the tarmac. He watched the saloon intended for them, hoping his little plan had worked.
Once situated, Helen made quick work of undoing the knots that bound Sherlock, smoothing her fingers over each spot to make certain circulation was flowing as it should.
speak. Instead he left John’s steaming mug on a free space atop the mantel before heading to his room to change into pyjamas and gather blankets.
He refused to whinge in prayer. Or to dive into the release of the Telling of the Hours, for what would likely be the millionth time since he’d come here. Instead, he indulged in a fantasy he’d never let himself consider before.
“What gets left out of history are the more important parts of her story, though: yes, she diverted a Skaldic--er, German--invasion, and prevented a civil war, but later she wound up going on an errand that prevented a dark and terrible Persian god from utterly destroying an entire country and spreading outwards in a terrible plague--”
He closes his eyes, sucks in a deep breath, and pushes up off the floor of the shallow pond, floating on his back. When he opens his eyes, the stars swim overhead, brilliant pinpoints millions of light-years away. An old song blossoms in memory, and he hums it softly.
Sherlock stepped toward the door, had the lever in hand when John caught his wrist and shook his head.
had ever made him feel the way that one smile did. Sherlock kissed him again, quick and sweet, just to feel John smiling against his lips.
Finally, the weight against Sherlock was enough to give him exactly the angle he needed to rut against the bed, desperate as he moaned for her. Sweat built and clung where skin met skin, the buttons of her shirt pressing tiny indentations into his flesh. The wide steel boning of his corset transformed into an unforgiving cage that made each breath a struggle until he saw stars.
Emile laughed at that, and it dealt Sherlock’s heart a great measure of warmth to know that John was able now to joke about that horrible day, the return from La Poveglia.
Sherlock caught him in a headlock, though his body was angled so that the only points of contact were chest to shoulders, arm to neck. “Race you to the dock,” he grunted, and shifted his weight to pull backwards, swinging his legs forward to put the bottoms of his feet to John’s back. He released his hold as he pushed off of John to propel himself dockward. By the time John spun around in the water he was backstroking smugly across the pond.
Inside the little box, rather than a gold band or some other meaningless piece of jewelry, was a fat acorn, roughly the size of Sherlock’s thumb.
. It was more likely Mycroft was employing this little ruse in order to discredit Jim, to keep Sherlock away from him--but
It was no surprise then, when Sherlock jumped back like he’d been slapped. “I was joking,” he said a smidge too quickly. “Just a joke. See how silly truth or dare is? If you’d taken me seriously, you would have done something truly stupid, indeed.”
Sherlock bent down to pick up John’s cane, and a little oblong object caught his eye. Grinning, he picked that up, too.
“Well that sounds real nice,” Connie said. John wondered if she was a grandmother, because it was the same tone his own gran had used on him as a child. It wasn’t condescending, just simple and sweet. Despite himself, John found himself liking their waitress. “A’ight, I’ll be right back with yer drinks. Y’all sit tight.”
He worked quickly while John kept watch, unsure of when Amelia or Dominique might return. He rummaged through everything from drawers to common hiding nooks. He even managed to deduce the combination to their safe and open it--but the only yield was a collection of heirloom antiques.
“The offerings brought in-hand are for the person bringing them. A dove, a honey-cake, laying an anemone on the altar--they are only a reminder to
Against his better judgement he sat up, immediately turning to the nightstand for his mobile. Where it should’ve sat was nothing but empty space. He must’ve left it in his trouser pocket, then.
Sherlock leaned in, planted a chaste kiss at the top of John’s sternum, barred from bare skin by thin cotton.
Heat raced through John, diving low and twisting deep in him. There was no hiding his arousal, not through thin, loose pyjama pants. He fought the new instinct to press Sherlock to the bed and rut--he knew Sherlock was right. They had to proceed with care.
Just on the other side of the wall, music thumped, surely loud and raucous in the suite, but little more than the whisper of a rhythmic bump in the hallway--a true testament to the soundproofing that went into the rooms at The Berkeley. More pressing were the soft footfalls of dress shoes and heels on the plush carpeting, the delighted hush of voices moving to and fro, their owners all in the midst of or anticipating the evening at hand. Occupants entered and exited the other rooms along their hallway, but John stood guard at the main door of the de Fhirze suite after watching Sherlock slip in through the servant’s entry.
Lestrade pivoted his hips, effectively slapping his cock against Sherlock’s cheek. Which shouldn’t have been nearly as hot as it was.
. Sherlock wore Kushiel’s bronze mask, bound before Elua’s statue and surrounded by blood-red anemones. John’s palms had skimmed his ward’s warm, bare skin.
Sherlock closed his eyes. This small admission amidst the rough treatment like its own sort of blessing. Truth be told, Victor hadn’t come anywhere near Sherlock’s boundaries, hadn’t even begun to test what it meant to be an anguisset.
He pulled the tray away, forced himself to sit up, braced by the wall, and he tucked in. The casserole, bland and greasy, was better than nothing but only barely. What had been in it originally, aside from the faint taste of something that might have been turkey at one point, he couldn’t tell. But it didn’t matter--as he chewed, he thought.
, which involves the insertion of an object into the urethra. In this case said object is a sex toy designed specifically for the act (a urethral sound), to ensure the best possible safety via the object itself. And our patron does take good care of Sherlock.
Well, that was somewhat unexpected, but Sherlock couldn’t say he was entirely surprised. Had Jim known already about Amelia’s financial duress? “Ah, not necessary. I’m paid up through my House.”
“Come,” Jim said as he clipped the velvet lead to his collar, but held it slack. There was no command in his voice, only the expectation of obedience.
It certainly afforded him the opportunity to reflect on his newfound clarity of purpose. It still came as something of a shock to find himself largely serene on the matter of Sherlock’s assignations, safe in the trust that neither Cassiel nor Naamah would abuse their servants’ faith. It came as a relief, as a welcome balm to find himself selflessly dedicated to Sherlock, to Cassiel’s guidance and Elua’s surety.
“Mmmh,” Sherlock agreed, lifting his head. Then came the trial test fluttering of sleep-gunked eyes. Elua, his head hurt.
John’s throat is tight, but not with glass. It’s more like a baked potato, firm and steaming, searing the flesh of his esophagus.
An uncomfortable silence crackled in the crystal-clear reception, and Sherlock cast about, staring again at his temporary guard. Thought of John.
The following day they’d promised to help Mrs. Hudson move her furniture around to rearrange her sitting room, and Sherlock found himself scooting end tables and biting back scathing advice on how to best facilitate movement and comfort within the space, but mainly he found himself watching John.
Sherlock retreated and John only barely kept from slamming the door shut. It was a text from Lestrade, and shortly thereafter another from Sherlock.
Luca huffed another breath, busied himself with the small tray he’d brought, and Sherlock allowed himself just to watch.
It was sacrilege to wear them until his name was clear; the fights on La Poveglia and at the embassy had been worth it to risk heresy, John felt.
The blonde woman from inside stepped onto the balcony, a mild smile flashing his way before her attention turned wholly to Moriarty.
John took a chair by her desk, hands folded in his lap, and she crossed the modest space. She offered the first parcel to him. John frowned up at her, his confusion plain.
“Saints have hands that pilgrims’ hands do touch,” Sherlock murmured, his fingers lowered to encircle John’s wrist. For a moment, the light in his eyes was playful. “And hand to hand is holy palmers’ kiss.” He lowered his lips to brush against the delicate skin at John’s pulse point. It was nothing more than a ghost of warmth and the softness of smooth skin.
Somehow John crossed the room before Sherlock could register; he wedged himself between Amelia and Sherlock, a vambraced forearm at her neck, barring her progress. He was close enough that Sherlock could feel the heat from John’s back, the faintest whiff of apples drifting in like a peripheral stimulus, unessential.
He was surprised to find that no guilt eddied in its wake. If Cassiel still held John close despite the excommunication, he hadn’t yet voiced disapproval. Maybe Sister Verreuil was in the right; maybe the whole of Cassiel’s devotion was left unrecorded, and had involved this sort of pleasure. Maybe Cassiel had given himself to Elua, and Elua alone.
He nearly slammed into Sherlock’s back, who had paused to scan their surroundings. Sherlock swerved down a dark alley, calling over his shoulder, “Thought you’d be glad to be rid of me!”
The stone carving was hundreds of years old--this was the first D’Angeline temple on British soil, even before Britain was named as such. Weather had eroded the finer details, of course, but Elua’s benevolent eyes and rapturous smile remained. John could feel the last of the day’s heat leaching from the statue when he kneeled. The stains on his trousers wouldn’t matter. He bowed low, pressed his lips to the granite plinth.
His extremities tingle with pleasant warmth, and for the first time in the three months since Mary and the baby--since, well, since they’d been
Sherlock took her cock in his mouth again, and pressed his fingers in further, up and behind her g-spot until he found a spongy little node on the backside of her pubic bone. It was nearly impossible to get to, even with his long fingers, but when he flicked across it, the way Sally bucked and the walls of her vagina tightened reflexively told him he’d found just the right spot. And he brought that rhythm back--no mercy, every last bit of speed and pressure specifically designed to one end…
loomed ahead of him, grand and white. Neatly trimmed shrubbery rose high around its facade, decorated the walled perimeter of her compact estate in the posh little district.
Jim laughed, rocking on his heels. Then he circled round Sherlock, tsking. “Oh, this one’s already lost that honour. He’s already given his
Sherlock wasn’t sure why he was being so bloody insistent; maybe it was the memory of mingled horror and anger on John’s face when he’d exited Victor’s bedroom, maybe it was the added oxytocin and dopamine in his system from his time in Mr. Ames’s chair. It certainly had nothing to do with the delicious thrum of the pain at the small of his back or the dark blue in John’s eyes when he glared.
John laughed, and the sound of it swept the shadows in Sherlock’s thoughts further away. John revealed his other hand, which had been hidden behind his back--and offered Sherlock a small wild rose, pink and fully bloomed. He held Sherlock’s gaze as he pushed it through and secured it at the buttonhole on the lapel of Sherlock’s blazer. It was silly, and it should’ve embarrassed Sherlock into his grave on the spot, but it made his heart swell instead. Elua’s blessings were unlike anything he’d ever expected.
John whipped his SIG free and two shots echoed, deafening. The ringleader slumped and hit the pavement dead.
The gleam of John’s skin after his morning routine, the grunts of exertion as he moved from form to form, which sounded so similar to--
vulnerable. John’s chest ached and swelled, and he had nothing to say to that but the truth, bald-faced and open.
Sherlock, in his daze, lifted the gun in his hand as they pelted down the hallway. “I have  a gun, I can--”
He thumbed his phone off and registered Emile’s confused, concerned expression, and shook his head to forestall any questions.
melody of the song snared John, entranced him. It was an absolute pleasure to watch the man before him, lost in the music in a way John had never seen him before.
Take-out for dinner and a shower later, he was more than ready for bed--he hadn’t run that hard in some time.
“Drop it,” the woman said sweetly, her eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. A bit of metal at her wrist glinted in the light, and she spoke again. Vambraces, much like John’s.
Sherlock nodded, and John came forward. Sherlock placed the violin on the desk, then turned to embrace John. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist, held him tightly. His solidity, his warmth, grounded Sherlock.
, Sherlock thought. Given the burgeoning erection now pressing against his inner thigh, he doubted it was a cruel joke after all. He couldn’t hide the way he shivered, and John’s fingers tightened reflexively where they hooked around the back of Sherlock’s knee.
Sherlock closed his eyes, bowing his head over the lazy blue spiral of smoke like he hadn’t done since he was six years old in the Temple of Elua, his mind blank. What could he say, or pray, or think to this god he wasn’t even entirely convinced existed, whom now at least two people were certain had handpicked him for some melodramatic fate?
Three more cars swept past, sluicing through the rainwater in the street as Victor stared at him thoughtfully. Just beyond them, John cleared his throat and pointedly did not look at them.
Return footsteps, and the press of something slender and quite cold against Sherlock’s ribs. Then, with stunning, blade-sharp clarity, he
John shifted his weight closer, until the back of his hand brushed Sherlock’s, whose fingers, still warm from that last cup of coffee, curled around his. John allowed himself a small smile before he answered. “It’s all fine. I think I actually enjoyed The Waffle House.”
And yet to deny the bait dangled before him would smack of sentimentality, wouldn’t it? His brother would never comprehend what it meant to serve, so to refuse the case would be tantamount to opening himself up to Mycroft for a whole slew of judgement.
Sherlock watched, aching for John, as John moved forward, placed his palm on Elua’s shin. His mentor watched John too, a genuinely bereft expression on his face.
The strong hands lifted him, cradling him like a weightless thing, and then the world swayed as they carried him away. Bare flesh cradled him, hot like a brand against his skin, as he was carried into the next room.
With newly bared flesh to explore, Sherlock bent low, clasping her sides as he rocked into her, mouth fixed to one dark brown nipple. They found their pace, then, roaming hands and lips with each ebb and flow of where their bodies joined, until sweat beaded the brow and muscles strained with the exertion, still not enough, never enough.
“It seems a friend of yours owed Ms. Adler a favour. He recommended you for the job when she explained the situation.”
“I--I need,” Sherlock says, chest and cheek and palms pressed to sheet, arse thrusting fitfully back against John’s hips. “Please--”
At , twenty-two, Frédérique knew the best way to help quickly was to take his natural bent for maths and his pretty face, and follow Naamah’s grace to Bryony House-Paris. His father, deathbed-ridden though he was, disowned him; Frédérique was forced to renounce his family name and take the House’s name, instead. Frederique nó Bryony.
By the time he reached Oxygen, Sherlock knew what he needed. There was no fighting the low build, want and need bubbling at his core. With a frustrated grunt he tossed his blankets back, took himself in hand.
Sherlock had been warned that the aftercare would likely come in the form of a physician and a massage therapist after the assignation after he and Victor had parted ways. It was not an act required of patrons. But as fiery as Victor had been earlier, now he was soothing, reverent. That priceless dichotomy in itself was reminiscent of Kushiel’s mercies: after a supplicant received their punishment, their admonishment, the priests and priestesses were ordained to administer such care as they could, whether it was a cold compress, cleaning the cuts and weals from a flogger or whip, the loving press of lips to forehead in benediction.
Sherlock studied him, trying to find the right words to justify barging in on his time. As it was, Sherlock’s time was largely his own, even when he went to clients. How different must it be, to be assigned to a ward he couldn’t stand, in a house that defied every moral conviction in his body, on-call at his ward’s erratic whim?
“Rachel Howells, mid-thirties.” Lestrade gestured at the body before them, bent unnaturally on the cellar floor. She’d been found in the bottom of an abandoned house by some neighbor-kids two weeks after Victor’s arrest.
Wilkerson, at this point, had tucked his head against Sherlock’s chest and traced little shapes on his skin absentmindedly. Sherlock noted he held a certain tension in his spine, his chest and shoulders--one that meant he was preparing to speak, but didn’t know what to say.
In all, it took three more days for Sherlock to recuperate enough. Each day, Luca visited him twice, sitting with him for an hour. It was easy to guess Luca had been press-ganged into Jim’s service; his compassion likely extended in this way to each of the servants here on the island. At first, Sherlock tried to draw useful information from him, such as the number of guards, when a supply shipment might arrive, anything that would be useful in getting free from that forsaken place.
But then Jim bent over, bringing his mouth close to Sherlock’s ear, until Sherlock was awash in the spicy scent of aftershave, the stubble grazing his cheek, the pain across his scalp and in the back of his neck from the angle it was forced into.
Sherlock spun it over his shoulders, letting the weight of it settle before plunging his arms into the sleeves--it fit just so over his suit jacket, and in his full-length mirror it looked as though she'd had it bespoke just for him. The effect was--well, dramatic, but in a way Sherlock thoroughly appreciated. The only hints of sangoire peeked from the edges of the lapels, the red buttonhole that blazed there. It made the red mark in his iris stand out, and for once Sherlock was proud to see it so noticeable.
Brother Vincent leaned back in his chair, scanning John with an appraising look. “Not at all. You are made of spit and nails, Watson. I believe you are strong enough to come out of this unscathed.”
John ignored it momentarily, enough to wrestle her onto her stomach, pin her arms to her sides with his knees. With one hand he slid his gun free, pressed it to her spine, and with the other he snatched up the phone.
No one gave him a second glance, though. Knightsbridge--and especially here in Knight’s Court--was definitely an area where Cassilines were frequently seen with their wards. In fact, only the concierge at the front desk took notice.
John frowned, glanced back at Brother Vincent. His mentor’s head was dipped, salt-and-pepper hair barely visible in the shadow of the eaves. A long gust of breath escaped Brother Vincent, the weight of his transgression bourne on steam in the night air.
Within the chapel, the windows were all shattered, allowing all manner of creeping vines, winter-bare like gnarled wooden fingers, to overrun the area. A razor-sharp January wind sliced through, and Sherlock in his thin scrubs felt it all the way to his bones. He shivered convulsively.
John went rigid there at the counter. He could easily guess who they were talking about. If there was one assignation he did
If he could overpower the guards, maybe, he could find a boat, make his escape. But would he regain his strength before then?
Sherlock glanced back to Lestrade, who leaned toward John conspiratorially. His question clouded before his face in a white puff, condensing in the wet February freeze.
From a million miles away he feels John slip free, fumble with the straps. The toy, now removed, lands beside Sherlock’s elbow, and the only thing Sherlock is aware of (aside from the glorious way his body is still singing in the aftermath) is the sound of John’s hand as John works his own cock furiously. With a grunt John comes, and Sherlock can feel the resulting stripe hot and wet against the cheeks of his arse.
Beside him, Sherlock stiffened. Across from him, the private broke his wall-bound gaze long enough to give him a searching, almost frightened look.
His voice hardened, his expression darkening in self-annoyance. “Sebastian Wilkes assaulted and traumatised an adept, ruining her career--then he got away with it thanks to loopholes and probably bribery. Frederique’s victim frequently gambled poorly on horse-races and got his head bashed in by one. Do we see a pattern?”
“Care for a drink?” Lestrade dropped his keys onto the counter as he entered his pitifully tiny kitchen. “Juice, water, beer?”
. I knoooow I said I was going to wait a week, but let's face it, self-control is probably not one of my strong suits. So here it is! I got the title from
When neither Mrs. Holmes nor Sherlock said anything for another long minute, Sister Roberts spoke again, this time directly to Sherlock. “Just because Kushiel has chosen you does not mean you need to live in fear of his calling. You will always be free to choose.”
He heard shuffling, felt movement as Wilkerson shifted his weight on the bed to address the final implements in his little spread. Nitrile gloves snapped, the crisp rip of a little packet--the alcohol wipes. Then Wilkerson’s voice, low and gentle in his ear again.
John does not deserve Sherlock--not in this lifetime, not as who they are even now. He never has, but has taken every last offering.
It burned on its way down, but not as much as the stuff he’d gotten the last time he’d rummaged her closet the Christmas before. He winced, having not brought anything to chase it with, and offered the bottle to Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson tore Sherlock’s attention from the slashes, gathering him into a hug as they stood there in the doorway. The jasmine notes of her perfume and the faint camphor smell of her liniment enveloped him, and he let out a slow breath. Haltingly, he rose his arms to wrap them around her, to return the hug.
“Fuck. Fuck, Sherlock,” John chanted in a broken whisper as his balls tightened, as the pleasure swelled and broke. When Sherlock began swallowing, John’s hand found its way to his hair, tightening in disheveled curls as he came.
Sherlock’s order had proven to be a stroke of insight on his part--in a fantastic reversal of their usual habits, John found himself picking off of Sherlock’s plate during the course of their late-night meal. Surprisingly, the food was rather good for having all been cooked on the same flat-top grill, which looked like it hadn’t been properly scoured since sometime in the late seventies.
“I will also teach you to hone your observational skills, your ability to recall even the most mundane information when it is needed. Are you good with languages, Holmes? Puzzles?”
Jim shifted his stance to maintain his grasp while straddling Sherlock, only barely withholding his weight from Sherlock’s already precarious balance. He leaned close and purred, “Say it, sweetheart. You know my name.”
, Sherlock thought distantly as the darkness closed in. It was the first time he’d ever heard anything raw, anything true in Jim Moriarty’s voice, and it was as terrible as it was honest.
He thought, frequently, of his own mother and father. Did they mourn him? Did they know, yet, the dire situation he’d been thrust into?
“Why not?” he asked, scrambling for an answer. “I believe you are likely hungry, and if I can’t offer you a decent meal, you’ll just go home and continue living off beans and toast. I’ll need you in better condition than that, if I am to expect you to guard my person.”
When Sherlock dared to glance back up at Amelia--who’d gone pale and a bit rigid with displeasure--he noticed her eyes. Warm brown, a familiar shape, hardened with anger. In that moment he knew three things:
“Ah, our time’s up,” Wilkerson noted. He pushed up from his recumbent position to regard Sherlock with a fragile expression, as delicate as a schoolboy. His mouth twitched in a smile, and he blushed slightly. “But thank you. Will you come to see me again?”
Two more guardsmen, at least from what Sherlock could see, stood sentinel before the boats, AR-15s clutched across their chest at the ready. The one to the left of them liftied a walkie-talkie to his mouth.
willingly bared himself to another human the way he did with John. The process was halting, but he found himself
Wilkerson applied them with a small, sweet smile, like he was tying ribbons in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock couldn’t help but let loose a whimper of approval as the unrelenting squeeze of those clamps held his nipples tight.
Lime kool-aid, sprite, and just a lot too much vodka. It’s disgusting. He deposits it onto the cheap spiders-and-bats paper tablecloth and slips outside.
Sister Molly led Sherlock to a sheltered alcove on the perimeter of the sanctuary, one of the dozens of cubicles one might use if the weather was inclement. In either mercy or else pointed cruelty, she settled him into one that afforded him a glimpse of the statue of Elua, where he might see John as they both prayed, but where it was unlikely John would see him, unless he were looking directly at Sherlock’s alcove.
Either way, he was at an impasse: whatever officer had been assigned to handle that particular set of information was under direct orders to keep it from Sherlock. He prowled through NSY, barely containing the urge to smack something off an officer’s desk as he went on a tirade, thundering towards Lestrade’s office.
Irene rapped gently at Sherlock’s bedroom door, pushing it open after he invited her in. She studied him, her skin pale against the black cloth of her dress. Her smile was at once proud and certain.
As if guessing his thoughts, Jim whispered against his skin, reverent and cruel. “Only for you, pet. You and I are almost equals, two sides of a coin. He made you for me. Everything you are is mine for the taking--a gift only for me. I will cut the
Sherlock nearly lost his balance as the memory of their first meeting washed over him: Jim’s fist tangled in his hair, forcing his head back at a painful angle as Jim’s breath whispered across his ear.
His breath hitched, the tipping point. He fought and failed to prevent the tears that spilled of their own volition as steel rang in his ears, a crash that drowned out his pulse. He thought then of his dreams, standing ever at a crossroad, unsure of the way forward. This--it was all leading to this moment, wasn’t it?
he thought, and fumbled with his waistband, unable to keep from plunging his hand in to take hold of himself.
Sherlock let loose a string of muffled moans, his body torn between the discomfort and the need for more, more of everything, enough to make him orgasm so hard he’d forget his own name.
“I wish someone else was around to witness you saying that. No one will ever believe me.” John chuckled, low and intimate.
Indeed, Cecily and Frédérique had already succumbed, slumped together in their seats. Sherlock studied them a second; their own roads home would be painful, difficult, but they would survive.
John shrugged, and Sherlock’s mood did nothing to deter his smile. “More or less. C’mon, Sherlock. You’ve got to unwind sometime. Help me gather some wood.”
That was enough to properly get his attention, and he placed both the Dran-o and the mask back on the worktop.
“Hush now,” Moriarty snapped. His lips drew back in a snarl and his reptilian eyes flashed in the dying sunlight. “It’s Daddy’s turn to talk. You’re going to keep your little vigil, and you’re going to be thankful.
Satisfied, Jim stepped forward again, his body heat its own caress against Sherlock’s near-bare skin. Teeth on Sherlock’s ear left Sherlock gasping.
As far as Sherlock could tell, the assignation was a disaster. He’d been contracted to an evening with a bloody accountant from the National Treasury, a hawk-nosed man whose mouth curled with his boredom, which only grew as the night wore on.
Sherlock jerked his head away from his mobile, as if it were possible to send his incredulous expression over the line by sheer force of will. “For what, exactly?”
, hoping that yoga might clear his mind. Thus far playing his violin had failed to work, as had soliloquizing to his skull. He exhaled deeply as he shifted from Full Lotus up onto his hands and folded knees. Forehead to the mat, he rolled his weight forward to balance on his crown and tucked slid his hands backwards between his knees. He pulled them back toward the middle in such a way that positioned his elbows together right at his navel. On his next inhale he lifted his head, and on the next he lifted his knees. He balanced on his hands only, his feet and knees still tucked into Lotus even as they stretched back and away from him.
John glanced to Sherlock, who stared at him like he was seeing a whole new creature--and John remembered vaguely that the last time he’d gotten that exact look from him had been the last time he’d had cause to pull rank.
Before the thought could get much further, though, a klaxon rang out, merciless and deafening, and Luca jerked back. He flashed fearful eyes at Sherlock before he snatched the walkie-talkie from his belt, which crackled to life.
John’s blood beat in his ears, the eerie calm of Cassiel’s mantle settling over him, determination in the wake of tumult. The ring of steel whispered in the back of his mind, and he could have trembled with that blessing, or at least its memory, if he didn’t have something to give himself wholly to. He had allowed himself a prayer on Sherlock’s behalf, and had to trust implicitly it would be heard.
Rebellion stirred in Sherlock’s chest--who was Jim, to play with him without ever paying for a night? “No.”
“So you thought you could seduce me, hm? Let me get good and worked up, and then blackmail me into letting you behind the crime tape?” Another blow landed in the same place, and the fire in Sherlock’s veins threatened to immolate him.
It was a nod to their Siovalese ancestry--Siovale being the province given to the angel Shemhazai, who brought knowledge and the love of it to Terre D’Ange.
Helen accepted the brush when he kneeled before her, but made no move to maneuver either of them into position. Instead she said simply, “Before I reward you,” and here she waggled the hairbrush, “you must prove how much you want it. I know you don’t favor women, as a general rule. Show me how eager you are for your punishment.”
Sherlock nodded once as he stared down one thug, a wiry man with meth-teeth who blew him a kiss. Beside him, Neck Tattoo licked his thick lips. Sherlock watched as a droplet of sweat ran along the whorls of faded ink.
In time, John would have a family--more than any foster home could have promised, more than the Brotherhood had given, something more beautiful and concrete that he hadn’t been a part of since he was a child. This--
Felippa ducked and John yanked Sherlock down, and the three of them fired as quickly as they could. Sherlock prayed any of his shots landed true. The noise was deafening inside the small
No. No. Moriarty was playing mind games, nothing more. Of course he had no basis for his speculation. That’s what servants of Naamah did, wasn’t it? Spin lies from half-truths and intrigue? That’s certainly what a snake like Moriarty specialized in.
Ah, John’s mentor then. Likely the man John had written to, in order to beg for re-assignment. Now obviously apologising for not having done as John asked.
When the penthouse door swung open, Moriarty did nothing more than stare Sherlock down, a wolf eyeing a wounded lamb. And that wasn’t the worst: Sherlock dropped to one knee, his neck bared and ready for the slaughter. John bit the inside of his cheek to keep from tasting bile.
John wondered if he was still dreaming when the faint scent of apples drifted around his room. Against the backs of his eyelids John saw the kind face of Anael cupping a sprouting seed in his hands.
I get that this may not be some people's cup of tea, but I wrote it with the idea in mind that not all of Sherlock's patrons are going to be your standard "whips and chains" types, and that there are many facets to the BDSM community, which does its best to shelter kinks and fetishes as long as they fall under the umbrella of Safe, Sane, and Consensual.
Sherlock leaned to keep his voice low and audible, and he absolutely did not notice the clean scent at the collar of John’s shirt. “Her mother is a long-time friend of Irene’s. She will take us to a private section in exchange for recommendation again to Irene’s--erm--attentions. And of course I’ve bribed Liu.”
Something new lurked in his voice, and it grabbed Sherlock’s attention in a chokehold. He swallowed thickly and nodded, unsure of what John was driving towards: there was nothing out here but themselves, their clothes, the blanket and the roses. And the single candle, an offering to Naamah.
Frédérique prayed to Naamah, Elua, and every last of the Companions that Jean-Julien would choose him. His prayers were answered.
“It’s nonsense!” one of the D’Angeline elders interjected. “Your friendship with Brother Watson is well-known. Can the British elders contest this?”
Then to John’s horror, Moriarty stepped forward, crowded Sherlock. John fought the urge to pry him free, but Moriarty wrenched Sherlock down and kissed him hard, a reward given as a punishment. Sherlock collapsed against the doorframe, clinging to Moriarty for support.
Days at the office were usually a neverending monotony of runny noses and overconcerned mothers, of refills of heart medication and fingersplints. In short, John was ready to slam his own head onto his desk in boredom by the time his lunch break rolled around.
Sherlock felt a smile quiver at the corners of his mouth. Of course he’d rest first. There was no way in Kushiel’s hell he was able to get to them in the state he was currently in.
The attendant pushed the door open and Sherlock’s mother steered him into the small, well-lit office. A woman in her mid-thirties, in similar black robe, sat behind a heavy old desk, fingers laced together. Red and black satin gleamed at the hems of her robe as she rose to greet them, extending a hand to Sherlock and his mother.
So he lets his feet sink back to the silt before kicking off, his erratic orbit gravitating back toward Sherlock. He recalls with stunning clarity the way this felt last time, the way the water churned then as he only now sluices through it with placid determination.
“I realized I forgot to ask--what’s your name, anyhow?” Lestrade’s self-deprecating chuckle did funny things to Sherlock’s chest-region.
have an alibi for him on the sixth. Witnesses. That would clear him for Noualt and Sebastian Wilkes, but not Frederique and his victim. We’ve still got the dates and witnesses for that one.”
Whether Mycroft believed that or not, his attempts at tracking Sherlock down were likely hampered by Jim’s craftiness. He struck Sherlock as the sort of man who would not be found if he did not wish to be. Sherlock and the others had been tucked away so remotely, rescue hadn’t occurred for them in a year and it was unlikely to come just because he’d joined their number.
John merely tucked his hands behind his back, levelled a mild expression at Sherlock. His voice, however, didn’t match his calm exterior. It came out light and amused. “You went pulling a cat’s tail, Sherlock--you got exactly what you asked for. I might’ve stopped her before she mauled you.”
Sherlock shrugged in false modesty. “Bluetooth isn’t an app.” But he grinned as he drew near, wrapping a loose arm about John’s waist, loosening his body to move with the beat.
A minute later, when Victor added another, and grazed Sherlock’s prostate, he nearly howled for the sweet, unbearable pressure building within him. It felt so amazing it brought tears to his eyes.
But as all that happened the other two lurched forward. Meth-Teeth grabbed Sherlock by the wrist, trying to spin him round and push him into the alleyway. Sherlock stumbled but kept his feet, then used that forward momentum to drive himself and Meth-Teeth to the ground. Before he could get a hit in, a sharp tug at his collar brought the fabric right against his windpipe.
Distantly he registered the weapon clattering on the asphalt. From the corner of his eye, the scrapper darted forward. Toward Sherlock.
“It’s me,” Sherlock answered. He didn’t have the energy for his usual barbs; especially not if Mycroft had orchestrated his rescue, of which he had absolutely no doubt.
Sherlock steepled his fingers, pressing his lips to them. In his mind, puzzle pieces drifted closer to fitting together. “Has that rate increased significantly since he’s started receiving this money? When did it start?”
His hand wrapped firmly around his cock, John couldn’t help but imagine Sherlock on his knees, chest pressed to the sheets as he reached back to work the toy in and out of his body. Sherlock, on his back, fucking himself senseless, hitting his own prostate until he came, a boneless heap. Sherlock, using that same toy on John until John didn’t know his own name.
to come as Robin Hood and Will Scarlett. He promised me. He doesn’t even care about this stupid holiday--why should it matter what he dressed up like, if it was only to humor me anyway?”
He dropped to one knee on the bed, trailing his fingertips along Wilkerson’s chest and stomach, feather-light caresses that typically left goosebumps in their wake. He dropped light kisses after that, absolutely certain he would win Wilkerson’s attention.
“Will you teach me?” Sherlock asked, and it wasn’t acting that made his voice tremble in his throat. He couldn’t meet Lestrade’s eyes.
Amelia smiled and circled the rim of her tumbler with her fingertip. “After all that lovely playing I’m sure you’re parched, darling.”
What would Sherlock do? How did he keep the bomb from exploding down here and destroying the whole building?
Sherlock woke to full darkness; this wasn’t death, nor hell. It was a night-stained cell in an abandoned insane asylum off the coast of Venice. Sherlock wasn’t even granted the haze of anterograde amnesia, as small a reprieve it might bring.
“So you want me to show you how to give, hm?” Lestrade’s voice rumbled in his ear, scattering thoughts like waves on a beach. “On your knees.”
There was something in his tone, something John couldn’t quite place. It bore examination, but since Sherlock didn’t seem like it was a pressing matter, John shelved it for later. Instead he flexed his shoulder absently, trying to ignore the way it ached and twinged.
He crowded John against the door, and John’s efforts to calm himself the whole way home were utterly moot. Desire burned in his veins. John found himself in that same glorious headspace that steadied his hand as it clutched a gun, that stilled his mind in crisis.
“It’s simply unheard of,” Irene fussed, scowling into her glass of pinot two weeks later. “Investigating--there’s no possible way a Servant of Naamah could--.”
Sherlock shivered at the thought, but before his eyes slipped shut, he caught a glimpse of John, propped up at the counter with a mug of tea.
He spent the better part of one sunny Saturday puttering around the immense house, largely ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s advice on making a trip to the shops for food and other trivial necessities. He was too lazy to properly explore, and too restless to delve into studying any of the heavier tomes he’d brought from Irene’s collection. She’d owned several antique history books in various languages that he was drawn to, but they just weren’t holding his attention the way he’d hoped. Unrest itched at his skin, kept him on edge. He couldn’t even put all that reckless energy to good use tempting John into their bedroom, as John had disappeared off onto the grounds, curious to speak with the groundskeeper about the garden, of all things.
She may have been barely five feet tall, but Helen Belfours filled up a room. She didn’t need to speak: her body language sang at full volume. Each movement, each gesture and expression exemplified her poise, her superiority in any given situation. She was sturdy, her petite frame all angles and curves, with thick brown hair swept back into a braid that fell like a cable between her shoulders. Softeness framed her face but her eyes gave away the lie--eagle-eyed and sharp, Helen Belfours seduced with sweetness before she sank in her claws.
“You, Sherlock,” Wilkerson panted, “you are a rarity. An abnormality. Who else could handle this, but you?” He continued to work the plug in and out, each gentle ridge of its design a new threshold for Sherlock to fight the urge to rock against. “Next time we’ll go deeper. I’ll use my longest sound--it reaches all the way to the prostate. Can you imagine? Feeling your prostate from the inside?”
), and I have chosen to continue that here as I have not seen evidence that this name has become a slur, unlike certain other terms. If I have used this name in poor taste, please let me know. I do not wish to offend anyone.
“Why were you discharged?” Sherlock asked, lacing his fingers together and leaning forward. “What did you see?”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was soft as he dropped to the sofa gently, and John couldn’t help but follow.
It wasn’t until he reached Knight’s Doorstep, the centre of D’Angeline society in London, that he understood.
And he could see it then--the Irene Adler he knew, but younger: maybe fifteen or so at the last marking, likely about the time the growth spurts settled into a more stable plateau. His own mother had done that to Mycroft and him, now that he thought of it. He’d forgotten that. He could imagine her even younger; a faceless mother or father carefully swiping a pencil across the beam, right at the top of her head, and taking a pocket knife to the wood once she’d moved.
as the rest of the victim. Even the muscle had been blanched by the water, until every last ounce of exposed flesh was cast in the disturbing white-grey tones of a ghost.
John crashed into him, grabbed him by the shoulders, and still Sherlock could not let himself believe, no--this was a cruel,
Selfishly Sherlock immediately thought of the UK-D’Angeline Ambassador’s daughter, Madelyn D’Arbos, her body left in an abandoned flat. “Someone wants to harm France and Terre D’Ange’s presence globally.”
Sherlock half-heartedly attempted to seize Smith, who freed himself once more with a well-placed elbow to Sherlock’s stomach. Smith turned to punch him in the teeth, but before the blow fell both Smith and Sherlock registered the sounds of steel ringing as twin daggers slid free of their sheaths.
She raised an eyebrow, a smirk fighting for purchase at the corners of her mouth. “Interesting. Let me see it, then.”
In mind’s eye, a flash of dove-grey fabric, sliding past him at full speed, the glint of the sun off dishwater-blond hair--
Oh, Sherlock was absolutely correct. He leaned forward until his lips nearly brushed her ear. He pitched his voice down even further, specifically to rumble low into her subconscious. “Even the lawful good need a chance to be bad, hm?”
But his words are cut off, drawn into a keen as John picks up his pace, thrusting ruthlessly, and if Sherlock didn’t already know better, he’d be completely oblivious to the savage smile he knows John is wearing.
After a few more minutes John had finished his inspection, cleaned and re-dressed the wound on Sherlock’s head. Sherlock heard that characteristic sniff; John was still angry.
Sherlock moved forward in a manner that put John in mind of a panther slinking toward wounded prey. This wasn’t the first time John felt like a gutted gazelle around his ward.
“I don’t hold it against you,” John said, surprising himself. “I think it was always meant to happen this way. You made a choice, and you did it with love.”
The core of him, that hardest, most un-Cassiline part of him wanted nothing more than to skewer Jim Moriarty unprovoked, but he knew he’d never be able to do it. Not without just cause, and being an arrogant viper wasn’t enough. Not when Moriarty was such a well-vetted member of the Knight's Doorstep community, not when he was a personal friend to Irene and the Kushiel-damned stars in Sherlock’s eyes.
something in her story that had snagged his attention, but just it remained squarely beyond his grasp. “Irene would mull it over, consider how best she might apply that information to future contracts or connections.”
. He remembered, too, the first night they’d gone to an assignation. The lash had snapped mercilessly, made Sherlock cry out. That noise had been torture and tease in one, try as he might to deny it.
, in Belgravia of all places. Her name was murmured in the tight circle of Naamah’s servants in London, a legend unto herself for completing her training and delighting patrons enough to build her clientele by the age of only 21, which was unheard-of. Most servants completed training after two years, but could take up to five to receive enough patron gifts to finish the sacred
Then a flash of insight occurred to him, though it was one that he hated to follow. It could lead him further down the rabbit-hole toward some larger plot against the D’Angelines in London, and he hoped to all nine gods he was wrong.
1.) John was able to find Sherlock thanks to some help from Sister Roberts and a shady organisation called the Unseen Guild.
If he made excuses, he might come off as too weak, which would defeat the fun of “taming him.” Then again, if he went on the offensive and accused her of this obvious no-win scenario, it was far too literal to maintain the mood, which was key. It didn’t matter that knowing the name of the thing didn’t diminish his enjoyment--the illusion empowered his patron.
Sherlock’s ridiculous fancy-dress boots slap the tarmac as they speed back toward Billy’s house. The cold air burns in his lungs.
But not Sherlock, of course not. The idea of them always left him with curious chills, an intrigue he couldn’t abandon. But picturing a thing and knowing it are two different worlds, and Sherlock crossed that line, burned that bridge as hot and as recklessly as anyone might.
Mrs. Hudson joined him, staring a moment before she rested light fingertips against the topmost scratch. She let out a thoughtful hum. “You really don’t recognise this?”
He didn’t give Sherlock time to wonder at that cryptic statement. Sherlock followed the sound of footfalls across the room, the near-quiet squeak of a hinged door opening.
The weight of it, the truth of it crushed his chest, and yet it was only partly true. That didn’t make sense, and Sherlock pushed it away even as the faint scent of apples lingered in his senses. A still, small core, somewhere deep within, yearned for safety; he lacked that here, instead reveling in the heady thrill of danger. Rather than think of this sharp divide, he focused on the pain, on the intoxicating if now faint scent of Jim’s cologne, spicy and subtle.
John sniffed hard, just a single intake of air, his heart in his ever-constricting throat. His blood pounded now, deafening in his ears, his head buzzing.
It took a moment but he found his voice, remembered the story he’d concocted on his way from Jim’s flat. “I need to get into a room. I’m a--well,” and here Sherlock fell back into his act, leaned forward until he was within an intimate distance, so close he could smell the cheap but pleasant aftershave Emile wore. “I’m a servant of Naamah, and I think I’ve gotten here before my patron. Could you let me into the room? I don’t think my loitering about the lobby would be appreciated--”
“Are you worried about his behavior?” Sherlock asked, his voice catching in his throat at the prospect. He could only imagine what Jim might do to give Irene, of all Naamah’s servants, such pause.
He parted his lips slightly, pressing a loose, wet kiss against the head of Lestrade’s cock, the bitter salt of him like a heady aphrodisiac. Sherlock wanted more.
To his credit, Luca couldn’t completely hide his reaction: there beneath the clinical calm trained into all medical professionals, Sherlock noted the rapid flutter of Luca’s eyes, the twitch of refrained recoil at the corner of his mouth.
4.) Mycroft told them that hey, their assets have been unfrozen and Sherlock's inheriting Irene's stuff, too.
Wilkerson lifted the large scarf, done in deep blues and printed with purple and yellow pansies, and tied it around Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock could still see from the bottom of the scarf, in the gap between nose and cheek, but the effect was the same.
She crossed the room in a few sure strides, completely confident in her nudity. Her hips swayed, her small but pert breasts swung gently, and the predatory gleam in her eyes never faltered. Despite her diminutive stature, she filled the room.
For what? For Sherlock to waffle like a child, half-hoping John might stay, might abandon his duties to--to what? Pretend at some sort of domestic bliss?
Sherlock tipped forward and crawled across the mattress, maintaining eye contact with her as he paused, hovering right next to the shaft of her jutting cock. Up close, it quivered with each breath Sally took, each minute adjustment to her posture or position. Honestly, Sherlock was torn between reveling in its silicone texture and taste, or pretending her cock was flesh and blood. He had no idea which he’d rather more, only that he wanted to please Sally.
“We do know how to do our job,” Sally chimed in, the scorn plain in her voice. “You haven’t given us anything we couldn’t have worked out for ourselves quite quickly. Must be nice to be favored without any merit.”
Jim’s fingers snaked through Sherlock’s hair; Sherlock tensed, ready for the pull, but it never came. “Make your way to the guest bedroom, pet. Just around the corner. I’ll be there in a moment.”
“Please,” Sherlock whispers, and despite the number of times they’ve played this song and dance, his blush is just as fierce as the first time. He revels in the humiliating burn, closing his eyes to savour it.
It distracted Sherlock enough that he almost knocked Amelia’s elbow with his knee as he offered her a fresh glass of wine.
It was half-eleven and Irene still hadn’t bothered to get dressed; she lay stretched on a settee in the lounge, wrapped in one of her silk robes, her head in Kate’s lap. Kate looked up as they entered, offering John and Sherlock a lazy smile as she brushed her fingers through Irene’s hair.
Oh god, I have wanted this exact chapter since the very beginning. I am so excited to post it I couldn't wait for beta. It'll likely happen over the next few days, but it'll all be tiny things like word choice and whatnot. This is it, this is fucking it.
Lately, any time John was in close proximity to Sherlock a particular memory overwhelmed him. Anael’s gifts had let him draw strength from where he lay on the grass in the courtyard, and yet it did nothing to quell that yawning hunger he’d never felt before.
“Happy to oblige,” Sherlock replied, and used his free hand to pull John’s hand down to where they were joined. He let go long enough to wrap John’s hand around their cocks before covering it again with his hand. “Together.”
He fought down the roil of nausea as a scantily-clad woman walked past with a tray heavy with champagne flutes. She’d glanced at his drab grey suit only once, and knew better than to even bother offering her wares to him.
All those crossed wires aside, Sherlock was nearly ready to throttle his Cassiline as John bounced a knee the entire ride to Jim’s penthouse. John’s fingers twitched like they itched for action and his eyes found no focus. Sherlock saw plainly that his thoughts were too loud and too thick for anything else.
Sherlock worked up the muster to prop himself on his elbow, to drag a hand through his tangled curls. He gave the question consideration before he put voice to his thoughts. “For Naamah…” he thought of the poppy left beside him on the table some months before, of his wish to escort Jim to a Midwinter Masque. “For Naamah, make a gift to her temple in my name.” He felt a smile curl at his lips, his demeanor at once slipping into the genuine grooves of a servant of Naamah. “For me? I will remember each moment of this assignation for as long as I live. That will be enough.”
Sherlock pushes up to squat on his knees, which John nudges wider and arranges himself so that the toy finally nudges the delicate flesh of Sherlock’s hole. As Sherlock settles his weight on John’s thighs the unyielding silicone parts him, spearing him torturously slow until John--and the toy--are fully sheathed.
So Sherlock did exactly that. He roamed the city of Elua. He’d been there once, as a young boy, when his parents brought Mycroft and him there on holiday.
John’s hand had found its own rhythm against his soft flannel pyjamas. He hated himself, hated his fickle body and its betrayal. He hated how good it felt.
Also, one of the thoughts I've been toying with is trying my hand at podficcing this motha. Two things are holding me up from making a definite decision, though. The first being my American accent. I could probably shoot for doing something approximating their accent without getting
So went John’s musings, offset periodically by the routine inspections of their surroundings, for the better part of the next hour. Then the bell for the nearby lift sounded and shattered his calm.
“In addition to teaching you Naamah’s arts, I will choose your clientele. You will, of course, have final say as to whom you do and do not make assignations with, but they will all be patrons I’ve vetted.”
John sidestepped, his face a rictus of silent scowl. He waved his hand in the general vicinity of the teapot as if to say, "All yours," in the most snide way possible.
There it was again, Sherlock noted. That creeping uncertainty. She may have had the will, the desire to dominate, but Sally lacked the experience, the confidence. Something new spiked through him, and in his muddled state he wasn’t sure what it was--disappointment, or compassion, or something else altogether. He would have the privilege of showing her just how good she could be.
“I do hate repeating myself,” Sherlock said, but he couldn’t stop the smile that spread across his face. “Then again, I don’t get to say this very often.”
Ames had led them to his office, turned on the one LED desk lamp tucked into the corner. Around it lay scattered all his latest sketches, drafts of various marques with doodles tucked into the margins. A cup of cold coffee, long-abandoned, sat forgotten by his printer. He dropped into his office chair, leaving Sherlock to pace and John to stand in the doorway.
With fumbling fingers, John worked Sherlock’s shirt open, each button a valiant opponent in the battle for Sherlock’s nudity. Impatient, Sherlock stepped back and finished the job himself, a smirk on his face as he tossed it over his shoulder with a flourish before divesting John in a similar fashion. With John newly bared, Sherlock shifted behind him and wrapped one arm across John’s chest, the other across his waist. He plied kisses along the planes of his strong, compact shoulders, along the side of his neck until he found the sweet spot that made John’s knees weak. Good Lord, ever since the day Sherlock had accidentally huffed a breath of laughter against that spot while stooping over John’s shoulder to mock the blog, John had wanted his mouth there.
Jim gave him a moment, then slipped forward. Sherlock heard the small noise as Jim put the flechette on a nearby table, and then the heat from his body as he leaned forward, slipped the blindfold from his eyes.
?” she scoffed. “Do you think any of us are stupid to fall for that? We know how you get him to listen--”
The only proper retort Sherlock felt forthcoming was one that succinctly summed up his frustration in a way John would appreciate: an emphatic two-finger salute as he glared at John.
I just wanted to say--chapter 31 as it sat in gdocs was like twenty pages long... but then I realized I could split it, add some stuff to it, and have some John goodness in between. SO! Here's chapter 31, and hopefully I'll have 32 drafted here in the next day or so. Striving to have it up by Wed/Thurs... *crosses fingers* However it falls out, the following chapter, the one that used to be the second half of *this* chapter? That'll be up a few days after. So remain faithful, friends!
The sudden stop of the limousine jarred Sherlock back into reality--they were back at Jim’s building.
One by one they retreated, after that, until he nearly shivered in the cooling aftermath, but then a firm, wide pair of hands--
The thing that bothered Sherlock most about the house was that it felt… lifeless. Unreal. It had been stripped of nearly any sort of trace of the family that had once lived here, Irene’s family. It would have been unrealistic to expect aged finger-paintings to still be hanging on the fridge or some such nonsense, but in every aspect, the home was a bland, blank slate, kitted just so with the sort of furniture and decor to appeal to anyone and no one. Sherlock thought of
That was when Sherlock tasted honey on his tongue, felt the bright lady smiling on him. His vision went white. He knew his offering had been acceptable, even as he came.
His blush must have deepened, because Ames's eyes widened a fraction in realisation. "Wait, are you--is this to do with your anguisset business?"
Sherlock’s pounding heart nearly stopped. Mrs. Hudson was a chatterbox, glib and doting, but she was level-headed. For her to sound so overcome was unthinkable.
Sherlock swallows again, his eyes dancing along the stalks of lavender, lingering on the grass like he’s counting every blade. “I don’t pretend to know the challenges we’re facing--I know there’s no replacing what you’ve lost. And you need time. Just let me stay here by your side. That would be enough.”
“Get in here. I didn’t pay £5,000 to be kept waiting,” a deep, masculine voice snapped from within the room.
Because that was their relationship in a nutshell, wasn’t it? Their orbits may have been erratic, drawing close and then moving unbelievably far apart, but the cycle always continued. And where their trajectories collided were the best parts of John’s life.
“What’s that?” John asks, and his tone is light, teasing, even as Sherlock’s frustration pitches the poor lanky man’s voice up. “Speak up, love.”
“Why did you choose me over the Brotherhood?” Sherlock asked, as if he’d already deduced the answer but still couldn’t wrap his head around it.
This was it--it was one thing for Sherlock to have seen his injury while John convalesced. It must be another thing entirely to be put face-to-face with it in the heat of the moment, to have it ruin everything. Sherlock would be disgusted. John found it even harder to ignore the way that clenched his stomach.
If Sherlock let himself grieve, who was around to gainsay it? His pain--Kushiel, Naamah, and Elua himself understood, even if no one else might. Cassiel understood--John had given himself in Cassiel’s highest sacrifice. John, who’d been the only one to see the true danger Jim presented, who’d tried to keep him from that. John, who maintained Cassiel’s diligence to protect him, who’d given his life for Sherlock.
Next to his ear, the sound of a zipper, a quick metallic noise, and Sherlock couldn’t hide the whimper that escaped him. Just as the scent of one man blossomed in his olfactories, the press of velvet-hard flesh against his cheek, the lube-slick fingers of another person--more delicate, a woman--circled his exposed hole at the other end. Without ceremony, without synchronism, he was pierced once, and once more.
Jim may have been a devout D’Angeline, but to go so far as to pin him to a terrorist organisation? This was just the sort of disgusting thing Mycroft might pull--after all, Mycroft had run off the one person to have ever taken a fancy to Sherlock when they were still in school--a rambunctious boy from first year called Remy. Mycroft had systematically discouraged Sherlock away from anything as distasteful as
Sherlock’s heart stayed in his throat, but it didn’t matter. John was alive. John was with him on Poveglia, his faithful guardian, a warrior-priest who held Sherlock’s heart gently in one palm while mercilessly clutching a ready handgun in the other.
The splashing receded as they scrambled onto land, and they hastily snagged their belongings from the banked fire, Mr. Pritchard yelling still in the distance.
“So you’re one’a dem fancy guards, then?” Ringleader cried. “Bet they didn’t train you in anything useful, did they?”
An hour and a few inches of ink later, Sherlock found himself bandaged, dressed, and strolling back toward the waiting area of Ames's shop with loose-limbed, heavy-lidded ease. The marque’d area still stung, his skin feeling scraped raw, but it was a pleasant distraction. Ames walked with him in companionable silence, his demeanor having not broken at all after the initial shock of seeing Sherlock's affliction in action.
Unfortunately, it didn’t make the most picturesque stroll, not in February. The same sort of slush lined Paris’s streets as did London’s. People tucked into layers and hunched til their ears met their shoulders looked the same in any country.
Jim pushed the mask up roughly, claiming Sherlock with a kiss that felt more like a conquest--fingers knotted harsh in hair, teeth on lips until Sherlock tasted copper.
“You’re actually calling back, rather than texting?” Lestrade asked by way of greeting. His voice was muffled, likely from a meal hastily eaten during a quiet moment.
dancing. In his days before the army, he’d gone to clubs, reveling the thrill of finding someone whose rhythm matched his own; the way hips worked in tandem, hands roamed, bodies pressed together. But with Sherlock being as tall as he was, it meant his arse was out of harm’s way of the erection John would
John’s thoughts kept coming round to one single point. He couldn’t fathom how Sherlock could find some sort of emotional connection with his patrons--especially when he kept everyone else at arm’s length. Was that Naamah’s doing, some foolish notion that there was genuine love between patron and adept? Is that what made the prostitution palatable? If it did exist, surely it diluted any and every attachment.
John made a noise, burying his face in Sherlock’s shoulder to suppress a fit of giggling, which made Sherlock laugh, too. They stayed together like that a moment, clinging together in adrenaline-soaked mirth, and
New chapter! I'm trying to get John's side caught up now that they're all in the same story, that way we can get away from backlogged chapters as soon as possible. <3
He jerked awake. His blood still beat thick in his veins. Desire and confusion tightened in his abdomen.
Sherlock knew, was certain it was a behaviour goaded by the spiteful impetus to win the bet, the sort of odd game of chicken played by jocular straight men, daring one another to get closer to something approaching homosexual activity before calling another’s bluff. John had likely done it in school, and surely it was a bonding tool in the army.
At the end o the first scene, when Sherlock thanks John for calling Lestrade? I was rereading just now to make sure everything was ready to publish and an ambulance totally passed my house right as I got to the sentence about the sirens. Honestly my first thought was, ""Damn, I'm so good it's like I can really hear them!"
Jim pique his ire. He hated himself for asking a question to which they both so obviously knew the answer.
He sucked in a deep breath, the cleansing air burning his lungs he climbed into the cab after John. He squeezed his phone to keep his hand from shaking. It was easiest to believe it came from the delicious anticipation of the marquist’s needles, that unrelenting burn as his accomplishment was limned indelibly into his skin.
For most servants of Naamah, especially in the Houses, this use of their art would have been completely below them. Dancing for money, trading on bawdy, heavy-handed titillation--this was the work of a common stripper, an un-trained prostitute. It would have never been a contract request to be honoured. The sensual dances taught to Naamah’s servants were for the seduction of a single patron, or the dance between two servants in a Jasmine House Viewing--the exhibitionist display put on in the Houses for those patrons whose bent ran more along voyeuristic lines than proper participation.
Sherlock considered making conversation, something to wind the Cassiline up, but decided against it--tonight would be a first for both of them, and it would do no good to rile up the one person sworn to protect him should anything go awry.
Moriarty’s voice was so smug it took monumental effort not to grab him by the hair and make a regrettable meeting between his face and the alcove wall. John swooped with another tight bow, his movements stiff with cold and anger.
John clenched his jaw until the muscle there shifted under his skin; he delivered a swift Cassiline bow and backed away, silent.
Even from his viewpoint, Sherlock could see the way John’s hands stayed steady, his shoulders squared but not drawn tight. The incongruity struck him, sufficiently distracting and more fascinating than the mystery of D’Arbos’s murder: John was more relaxed after close proximity with a man’s violent death than after a night-watch while Sherlock went on an assignation.
"Good night” managed to sound like “piss off." It was interesting, after that naked expression he’d worn only a moment before.
The pain from whatever it was Victor had struck him with fizzed in his blood, even as heat and need pooled low in his abdomen; he could almost imagine his neglected cock under the table leaving a trail of precome as it brushed against the underside of the desk. Tears stung behind his closed eyes and threatened to slip free.
“Some party,” Jim drawled, leaning his hip against the island worktop. “Made better by a cheeky attendant.”
2.) DOES ANYONE UNDERSTAND HOW HARD IT IS TO MAKE JOHN WATSON HAVE FRAGILE EMOTIONS?? Eugh. If I overdid it and he's OOC, just tap me on the back of the head. It was haaaaard, lol.
John tensed, drawing in a quick breath to hold him steady against whatever Sherlock might throw at him this morning. Then he turned to find the bastard wearing nothing more than his bedsheet.
John nodded hungrily. He would’ve sworn he was dreaming as he watched Sherlock trail lazy, open-mouthed kisses along the side of his cock. The heat and slickness was absolutely intoxicating. Sherlock held his gaze the whole time, and even if he’d wanted to, John would’ve been unable to look away, the sight was so mesmerising. Sherlock’s tongue swirled around the head of John’s cock, and that was all the warning John got before Sherlock slid down, taking John to the root.
glad when this damned bet was over. He rolled over and flicked John hard on the shoulder before yanking his share of the blanket back.
“I can’t read minds. Say it.” Each syllable is punctuated with the push of John’s hips, which are angled just so, his cock brushing Sherlock’s prostate until Sherlock is wound tight and taut, a violin string on the verge of snapping.
The other thing, the thing that hung between them unsaid, was enough to give Sherlock strength for ten lifetimes.
Connie patted his hand and scooped up Sherlock’s empty cherry Coke before bustling off to refill it.
Sherlock grinned hard. Leave it to John to turn everything about being dominant into something malleable and sweet even as he gave Sherlock a command.
“What’s this, then? Were we invaded by a fruit vendor?” Sherlock slunk down into his seat, glad now that he’d decided to come out in only his bedsheet.
“You are a genius,” Sherlock whispered, hips dipping to roll against the blanket of their own volition.
“John, wait.” Sherlock leaned out, caught John by the bicep. He had no idea why he’d done it or what he intended to do next, only that he couldn’t let John leave just then. “Wait.”
Before he could so much as process it, though, his mobile vibrated. He ignored it in favour of blinking rapidly, of fitting the lid back upon the box. His heart pounded, and all he could think of was this overt move from Jim, a display of the power he had, the sort of power Sherlock could submit to should he choose.
A sharp pain twinged on the cartilage of his ear. John had flicked it. And then did it again. Sherlock closed his eyes and clenched his teeth together. He rose and turned to face John, only inches apart. Close as he was, John’s breath steamed between them, clouding the laser-precision of John’s gaze meeting his unflinching.
He’d be tearing out half his own soul in the process, but if it meant John could have a chance at being happy--
“Elua, what a waste of time you are so far, anguisset. You failed to complete the one small favour I asked of you. What shall we do with you instead?”
Kushiel’s bronze drums thundered in Sherlock’s ears, deafening him. With grim satisfaction he knew in his bones, his lord was not done with him yet. Not when Jim Moriarty had sent him what had to be an opening move in a brand new game of chess.
Sherlock closed his eyes a moment, curious at his line of thought and willing to follow its fox-trail. He was part Siovalese, after all--curiosity was nothing to squander. Besides, the memory sparked something warm, something hungry and lonesome in Sherlock. If ever there was a day to indulge it would be a bitter, rainy day like this one.
Such was the case tonight. He concentrated as he undressed, focused entirely on the memory of the song he’d chosen. Each article of clothing drew him down further, the cling of wide-knit fishnet, the swish of gauzy fabrics, the tinkle of metallic trim and tiny sparkling crystals. Then came the jewelry: tight bands at the biceps, a small stack of thin bangles at each wrist, delicate chains that connected from a bangle choker to another spangled chain circling his belly, feet bare save similar chains stretching between an anklet and a toe ring on each. Then came the moderate makeup: just enough khol around the eyes and the lightest application of rouge to cheeks and lips to bring a contrast in a dim-lit room.
It was late enough at night they wouldn’t be able to call any professional out to give the furnace a look, and luckily Mrs. Hudson was away for the weekend.
Victor withdrew and raked a hand through his brassy blond hair, softer and paler now without its usual pomade to style it. Whether or not he had noticed Sherlock’s moment of weakness, Sherlock couldn’t tell.
The lullabye, the very one he’d played on his violin so many months ago, sifted through his memory, now sung in the hush of a mother’s voice to a small child. His mother’s voice. He was far from home, exiled a world away.
The topic that had come up, of course, was a recent scandal that had made headlines all across the UK and France: a Bryony House adept in Paris, Frédérique nó Bryony,  was under investigation following the death of a British patron during an assignation.
Mr. Ames, to his credit, did neither. He flipped to the next page, and let the work speak for itself.
. He’s in room 214. Go on up, but remember me. Emile Didikani. Don’t let your friend forget my name.”
Sherlock blinked, his focus snapping away from a couple on the verge of marriage proposal to consider John’s question.
“No, Daddy. I’m not.” The admission sounded like it’d been pried from Sherlock, desperate and ashamed.
to be friends, in the beginning. Or else, circumstances beyond his control--the mote in his eye and pressure from their peers, the intimidation tactics his brother saw fit to employ--ran off the ones that might have stayed. That had been the case with John, hadn’t it?
Sherlock grumbled all the while, but did as he was instructed. John hoped it was merely his way of saying thank you. Maybe fifteen, twenty minutes later they had a chipper little fire going, right there at the bank of a pond on the opposite side of the woods from John’s house. It wasn’t enough to cast much heat, thankfully, but enough to light their area. Orangey firelight drove back the humid press of night, and within its glow Sherlock sat cross-legged in his pyjamas, his arms still crossed, his back ramrod straight.
