“Heaven doesn’t give me orders anymore. I make my own choices.” Cas’s voice was low and gravely as he met Dean’s gaze from across the room.
"There. Second-floor window. We go in there." Dean lowered the binoculars from his face and passed them off to Risa who knelt beside him.
"The anti-monitor destroyed my home three days ago." Cas spoke, dangerously calm.
“Right, I’m Kate Kane,” Clearly she thought that would get a reaction from this guy, but nothing. So Kate added, “I’m Bruce’s cousin.”
"You getting in or what?" Castiel leaned out the driver's side widow to yell at him.
Cas placed a hand on J'onn shoulder, "Brace yourself," and the angel spread his wings to their fullest extent and took to the air. In no time at all he landed with the Martian in the center of the ruined town.
“I’m sorry,” Cas took a single step towards the warlock, not impressed, “was that a flirtation?”
"Then what?" Dean yelled back, his face turning red rapidly, and he jumped to his feet, "To Hell with my Earth? So you get to save your home but mine gets to rot? How the hell is that fair?"
Rather than feeling relief Kara only felt her stomach drop, “Well, you might want to double-check your omnipotence because I'm not feeling that hopeful right now.”
With a running leap Kate flipped over the metal hideout, narrowly dodging a demon’s claws and threw the now glowing weapon. It cut across the air with a zing, exploding several demons in the process before arching back into Kate’s open hand. “I like it,” She told the scientist over her shoulder.
Kara bit the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing, “May I?” she raised her hand at the door.
“The skies are red again, the anti-matter wave's moving, and the portal isn't open yet. And there's more shadow demons incoming.” Alex’s answered, “We need to get that tower powered up again.”
Barry shivered at the giddiness in his tone.
“There’s only so many of us and we need to find the Paragon of Freedom.” She tried to reason with him, but it didn’t seem to make any difference.
Castiel’s face fell into a lopsided grin, “Uh, generally yeah.”
Johnathan became inconsolable, his little hand promptly pulled back and smacked Kara on the chin. “Its not working.” Kara groaned and turned to Kate who crossed her arm across her chest and shook her head firmly. Kara rolled her eyes and moved onto the next person in the line up.
Kara and Clark fought back-to-back. Clark shot his lasers high into the air while Kara blew her ice breath at the incoming demons. With a flick of the wrist the Monitor whisked them away.
"it doesn't matter, they're all gonna die anyway. All that matter's is killing Lucifer."
“My name is Cas. ‘-iel’ means ‘of God’, and I’m not ‘of’ much of anything anymore.” He said morosely. The angel made to leave again but Barry’s grip on his coat was insistent. “What?” Cas asked in a clipped tone, his anger and sorrow of the last few hours bled through to his voice.
Facing back around Dean hit the angel with all the anguish he could muster, “Sam said yes. And maybe I should have too.” Turing on his heel he stormed out. The door slammed in his wake, rattling in its hinges.
Sam caught the phone before it could collide with the car's floor, "It's educational."
“I'll go with you.” She said.
“Here they come!” Dean shouted over the unearthly screeches.
Clark pulled Kara closer that their previous hug, if possible, and kissed the top of her head before stepping back, "Harbinger appeared just in time. We had to send Johnathan away in a pod set for Earth." Clarks face seemed to crumble.
Cas suddenly found himself with an armful of baby. At first the angel held Johnathan away from his body awkwardly. At seeing his discomfort Dean rolled his eyes and expertly arranged Cas’s arms to hold the baby closer to his chest. With the baby settled Dean and Cas tensed for another tearful outburst.
“Oh hey, there you are,” Sam’s voice broke though her musing.
The silence in the cabin was thick. Cas still had the bottle he took from Castiel and he spared and second to pull it out of his pocket and read the label, "Amphetamines?"
“There is a crisis coming,” J’onn had had enough and stood abruptly, his body glowed red as he phased through his restraints, “And time is running out, for us all.”
“All the vanished people deserve to live out their lives as they see fit. Not make do with an after life because some megalomaniac wants to rule and will ease everything to do it.” Kara was quickly growing angry. She knew she should take comfort that something of the lost souls lives on, but it wasn’t enough.
“Brainy calculated that Earth 1, Oliver’s Earth, is the last Earth on the wave’s trajectory.” Alex gestured for the four to follow her back into the briefing room, “Team One is going to send as many ships through in the time we have while Team Two defends the Quantum Tower.”
"Dean." Sam's hand clamped down on his shoulder and forcibly whirled him around to look out the front window.
“Dean.” Cas yelled in concern and went to the Dean, instinct calling for him to wrap his arms around the hunter and ease his suffering.
The object made a loud thud when it was set down on the table.
“I don’t remember asking you. And do your parents know you’re out this late kid?” Dean stood and crossed to Barry, bracing his hand on the back of his chair and leaning in close to his face.
“The Monitor said that Oliver died before his time. Mia needs her father. And I…” Sara licked her dry lips as a few tears made their way down her face. She brushed them away and wrapped her arms around her bent knees, “I’m not ready to let my friend go.”
“Who?” Cas wondered aloud.
"Wait!" Barry shouted upwards, "The tower isn't a threat."
Cas was so busy directing the survivors that he failed to notice a fundament shift in this universe until it had already occurred. The constant buzz that accompanied his every living moment as an angel had suddenly gone silent. He pulled back with a gasp at the realization of what that meant.
However she couldn’t help but over hear with the Winchesters and Cas struggle to explain the Crisis. Jody let out a gasp when they got to the part where not only their Earth, but all the others were vanishing.
"I can't Cas. I have to do this."
Harbinger explained, "In your universe the stories of these people are inspired by the real people you see before you. Much the same way you yourselves inspired many books in your own reality if I recall correctly."
‘They all seem to have been fleeing something,” J’onn noted, careful to keep his psychic touch outwards in case of approaching danger.
The noise started out a barely audible groan. One dark shape flew past the upper level windows unnoticed. Then another. And another. The groans became wailing and the team took several steps back. Outside more and more flying creatures collected until all daylight was blocked out.
Risa took a look for herself and gulped. "You sure about this?"
“Barry…” Sara’s face softened but Barry cut her off.
"I'm sorry," Lucifer tilted his head to the side, eyes traveling up and down the Martian's form, "I know that our power can be," His mouth twisted up into a mockery of a soft smile, "overwhelming. You've come a long way to see this, haven't you? Some more than others." he nodded at J'onn, "I have not seen one of your kind in an age."
"You were. But how many times have they reprogrammed you? How many times have you been rebooted? You always had a crack in your chassis. Just like me."
The world snapped to normal speed. People ducked for cover from gun fire that was no longer there. The man stumbled backwards, a hand going to his forehead where the bullet had been on a path to lodge itself into. The shockingly loud boom of Dean hand gun still echoed around the clearing, bouncing off the trees. Several gasps fell from onlookers' lips and then everything went silent. The bullet fell out of Barry's palm to bounce harmlessly upon the ground.
"That's just an excuse," Cas warily circled the man in white, "I know you brother. You always wanted more. You've always craved violence."
“I know. I just…” she gestured at the screen where multiple universes were on display. On the main screen was Earth-38 as it stood just before the antimatter wave hit, “I just… I had to see if…”
"Sam?" Barry felt sick at the sight of one brother killing the other. He didn't know the hunter well but even he could tell that whatever this was, its wasn't the Sam he knew. But it didn't matter who or what this was, the Paragon was dead. They had been too late.
“Thanks buddy.” Ray beamed at the angel.
“It’s on it’s way.” Oliver picked his way across the rubble, as always mindful of his surroundings. After all Ra’s A’l Ghul taught him many valuable lessons. Every dark corners held the potential to hide any number of creatures. He tiled his head towards his daughter, not breaking his concentration, “Remember, Mia, whatever happens find your mother. Tell her how much I love her.” His voice was deep and full of regret.
“Yes.” Cas dropped his angel blade from his sleeve, the cool metal of his weapon against his skin was a balm to his nerves, “The same virus that destroyed the first settlement in the Americas, harnessed by the Horseman of Pestilence and released upon the earth.”
“Okay,” Barry looked to the magician, “now what?”
When Sara had suggested this Dean had jumped at it, because hell yeah boos. That, and if it meant getting away from all the overwhelming tech at Star Labs he was all for it. The lounge here was a comforting sight, what with its fully stocked bar that Dean had every intention of pillaging later, and comfy chairs abounding. All of it made him miss his Dean-Cave back home. Too bad they didn’t have time to enjoy any of it.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Monsters and demons have plagued my family since I was born. And ever since then it’s been one world ending threat after another. I’ve lost almost all of my family and more friends than I’d care to say. We’ve given up everything to save the world.”
Cas clenched his jaw and shoved those feelings deep down inside his chest and stomped down to the muddy ground.
“Hey!” Kara and Sam snapped out of it and protested at the same time.
"And what will you do now that its all ending?" Lucifer only laughed. "This crisis is coming for all earths. They will all die. There will be no place for you in heaven or hell when this is all over. You destroyed yourself for nothing."
Cas’s head snapped down to the floor when he realized what the speedster was implying, his whole body became tense light a taunt bowstring, “No.”
"Oh really…" Dean began.
“Live long a prosper my friend.” Dreamer grinned right back, and they moved onto help the next group.
“You.” Barry said under his breath.
“I would never punch you.” Cas said with his head tilted adorably to the side, seemingly aghast as the suggestion. Cas was the picture of pure innocence.
J'onn was stoic as he crossed his arms, "Will this plan work."
At last a rippling blue portal appeared. Oliver was deposited with a wet gurgle atop an empty med bed. His face was a ruined patchwork of cuts and his chest was a mess, deep rivets of blood leaked out onto the bed.
The main refugee camp had been erected in the park in the center of Central city. Only a few of the city’s residents had begrudged the newcomers, most having delt with the threat of metas and alien attacks long enough to have compassion for people in need. Wrapping all around the outskirts of the park were various lines passing out food, blankets, clothes, you name it. Within the park itself were hundreds of tents and even a few circus platforms donated by Gotham’s Flying Grayson’s to house all the people.
“Hey Robin Hood,” Dean threw his knife, hitting one right in the face in front of Oliver, “Your friend always this chipper.”
The speedster had something on his mind but was having trouble giving voice to it, “I got to ask you something man.” Barry said while anxiously shifting his weight back and forth between his feet. He let go of Cas’s jacket when the angel eyed his hand pointedly. In a motion that made the speedster look years younger Barry crossed his arms, curing in on himself and leaned in close to Cas so as to not be overheard, not that there was anyone to overhear. The cabin was empty save for one unconscious and intoxicated man, “Is there something we should know about you and Dean?”
“What are you?” Dean stumbled back in shock, hand going for his gun on the table immediately. For crying out loud he thought his prisoners had been tied up. He thought he had control of the situation, but it turns out he was far outmatched.
“This planet cannot sustain three billion more people.” Cas commented.
Sara was breathing hard and had a hand pressed against her sternum which still vibrated from Oliver’s blow, “I tranqed his body. We still have to get his soul back.”
Kara cleared her throat pointedly.
“I’ll start beaming up the groups you’ve already got gathered. Let's just hope Alex and Lena get that portal on in time so we have somewhere to go.” J’onn’s deep voice echoed the fear in both their hearts.
"They're inside!" A more muffled voice cried out.
“For us to survive this Crisis Cas must become Castiel again.”
"Oh, trust me, he wasn't lying." Dean smiled darkly.
Cas sighed hard, remembering the time when he used to follow Heaven’s orders blindly, before he realized the true cost of his actions, “To do so would destroy most of the planet in the process. Dean could not live with such a loss of life. And it would mean that Sam would have died by his own hand. He couldn’t kill his own brother. In my reality we were able to again put Lucifer back into his cage in Hell, but in this reality Lucifer was left to run rampant.”
"There is a malevolent force at work, one driven by a singular goal. The destruction of all there is."
“Castiel!” J’onn shouted, detecting a presence, but not soon enough.
"Why?" Dean's mind went a hundred horrible directions. He didn't get time to consider any of the admittedly many horrible options because…
“What? Then why are you here?” Cas couldn’t fathom a world where he didn’t follow Dean and the Winchesters to the ends of the Earth and back.
Paragons are revealed and time is running out.
“I’m the guy who punched the Devil in the face,” Sam growled, his tone promising violence, “So don’t tempt me.”
"I don't know." Cas replied, "Stay close." Cas hunched his shoulders and headed inside.
Barry took a step forwards, reaching as far as he could into the speed force, gathering the lighting and energy into himself. He ran, placing one foot in front of the other, his chest buzzing with electricity. The few insects hovering in the air came to a standstill and the scene before him froze.
Barry was weird out, “What?!” he and J’onn pressed their heads against the wall, attempting to hear more clearly and peeked around the corner.
“Out of everyone that could have been saved from our world, it was us.” Sam fiddled with a loose string at the end of his sleeve, “I hope we were worth it.”
Sara and Mia being the closest to the pool were flung to the ground. Sara threw her hands over her face and missed the fist coming her way until it collided with her chest and knocked the air out of her lungs. She collapsed to the ground.
He delivered the news that Superman’s son had been sucked into the future on a parallel Earth. Sara and Lois left with Brainy to find the child while Oliver managed to convince Clark to stay behind and guard the tower.
Oliver had the time he needed. Arrow after arrow flew. Each second he beat back the hoard and each second he kept the tower from falling. Until at last he was out of arrows.
“What is is J’onn?” Sam was worried.
Sara had to restrain herself from rolling her eyes and waved her hand at the pool, “Just put him in.”
Something rustled in the bushes on the other side of the railing behind the car.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“You need to leave. Now!” He did not appear to be messing around.
Kara felt like a hole had been punched through her chest. Over the years she had gotten back so much of what she'd lost as a child. Her mother, friends from her years growing up on krypton and a beautiful living piece of her home world safe and intact. Argo, a place where her culture could rebuild. Clark, oh Clark, and Lois had been so eager to raise little John on Argo. An in minutes everything had been wiped from existence.
"Oh," Sam's face raised an eyebrow, "Hello Castiel."
“It was never of import,” Cas tilted his head.
“All names are made up.” Sam hissed back.
Kara nodded firmly and reached to press the play button, her hand stopping only a hairbreadth from actually touching it, “If I look then its real. I don’t know if I can do this.”
"Everything." Cas pressed back, "All I have if need be."
“Iris, my wife.” Barry rolled his wedding band around his ring finger, “I don’t talk about this often but being what I am, being a speedster, I sometimes feel inhuman. Its so easy to slip into the speed force and just let the speed take me away.”
"As in Lucifer, Lucifer," Kara gulped, "As in the Devil?"
“I know,” Sara was overcome with a wave of grief that if she didn’t keep moving would drown her and pulled Barry into a quick hug, his arms coming up to squeeze her shoulders in return. Pulling away she pushed down the sob rising in her chest, her face pinching but she smiled through the pain, “I miss him to.”
Then Dean’s survey made it to the top shelf. There sitting in a place of obvious pride and honor were a pair of broken and familiar glasses, “Kara.” Dean said stiffy, grabbing her arm.
“Dean,” Cas sat up a little straighter, “We are not demons, or shapeshifters. I am Castiel, just not your Castiel.”
"So why?" Dean asked.
Oliver shook his head, “Then it's not time.”
"You don't know what you've done brother." Cas slipped his angel blade down his sleeve and readied his weapon, although he knew his blade would be as lethal as a paper cut to his older brother.
J'onn cut him off, "Your people have questions too. They know you're not telling them everything."
"Dean!" Kata and Kara admonished him.
Barry grasped the angel’s forearm and vibrated their molecules until he had phased the angel cuffs off. Afterall, those cuffs may have been angel proof but they were not speedster proof. Nodding his thanks to Barry, Cas allowed the young man to help him to his feet.
“That’s a beautiful story.”
“Seeing myself… being here with this Dean and seeing all the pain he’s been through.” Cas all but folded in on himself, his hands clasping together like a prayer that was never to be made, “I know he’s not my Dean but it still…”
The sound of a gun cocking stopped the three in their tracks. The man who greeted them stood in the hallway aiming a handgun right at Kate’s forehead. Kara stepped in front of Kate and Dean.
“J’onn said you’d be coming.” A voice jolted Sam back into action.
“The monitor has already said I am meant to go to Earth-14 and J’onn J’onzz has agreed to accompany me.” Cas said.
“Whatever we are?” Barry strained against his restraints and began to vibrate his arms imperceptibly in preparation to phase through them. Well, almost imperceptibly. Cas caught his eye over their captor’s shoulder and shook his head.
Kate had followed right on Kara's heels, stopping beside Dean, kneeling down to reach under a cart and pulling out a first aid kit.
“Sorry.” Kate shook herself.
Cas stepped forwards as well, intending to join Kate's retreat, "Neither is Earth 14 Dean's."
Louis's head swiveled from Ray, to Superman, to her husband, and back to Ray. Yep. The Multiverse was weird.
"Does he mean anything to you? I've died for you Dean, I've fallen for you."
Mary, still coming down from the adrenaline high that the morning’s event’s gave her, hurriedly explained to Dean and Sam, “There was shaking, and the power went out. We didn’t know what was happening. Then this lady showed up and in a flash we were wondering around this park. Then a few hours later all these ships started landing.”
Now if you asked him he’d would never admit to internally phrasing it that way. He didn’t even know exactly when he started thinking of Cas as “his angel” rather than “the angel”. He thinks it must have been sometime after purgatory. The little assbutt had made him trudge around that damn forest long enough. And ever since then there’d been this unspoken and unacknowledged thing between them. Hell it might have started before purgatory but Dean had upright refused to think about it before that point. Even now in his own head he was still in denial land. All he knew was that something had definitely changed between him and Cas in purgatory.
"That Rabbit was about to talk!" Batwoman roared.
Remembering himself Cas stepped back, a sheepish smile on his face, “Apologies.”
"It's alright," Cas held his hands up to calm her, "I wont hurt you." Opening his arms, the little girl sniffled and ran to him. Gingerly he picked her up and flew back to the portal, the near instantaneous change of local scaring the small girl, but she clung to him tight all the same.
The look Sam gave his brother clearly said, ‘don’t make me look bad in front of the real life alien right next to us’.
Steam rose up from the Dark Knight’s body, “Kate....listen to me. There is no hope.” And he slumped forwards, still.
"What Earth is that supposed to be?" Dean asked the question they were all thinking, rubbing at his ear which still hurt from the annoying sound.
"It can't be," Cas breathed out, hand reaching to brush over the gun but a sharp glare from Dean stopped him. Dean's distrust hurt Cas more than he cared to admit but he schooled his features, the red burn across his cheeks was the only indication that he felt anything in that moment. This wasn't his Dean, he had to remember that. "Where was it?" Cas asked.
At this Dean perked up, “The Batman?” He whispered so low only Kara and Clark could hear. His obvious hero worship had Kara biting her lip to keep in her laugh despite how low she’d been feeling only moments before.
The second Constantine exited the portal he made for the large pool of water in the center of the cave and stuck two fingers into it. As he swirled his hand around the water clumped together with thick algae and murk, “This is the place,” Removing his fingers he promptly stuck them in his mouth, his face pinching up in disgust, “Yep. That’s clean enough.”
"So, a demon tells you where Satan's gonna be, and you just believe it?"
“It was not supposed to be like this.” For the first time since the beginning of the Crisis the Monitor appeared unsure, “This is not his ending that I foresaw.”
"The Dean I know wouldn't sacrifice he friends." Cas noted with sorrow how far his friend had fallen.
"What is that?" Dean couldn't comprehend what he was seeing. It didn't make sense. A monster with claws, a man with a shot gun, a black eyed thing he could handle. Whatever this was, it was something new.
Something akin to alarm flitted across Dean's features before he settled into a scowl, "I don't know what you're talking about."
It was that hope that made her scan across the multiverse. Maybe the Monitor was wrong. Come on, Kara clenched the cold metal at the base of the screen, there had to be something. It couldn’t all just be gone.
Earth 14
“Yeah,” All the air escaped her lungs with that one word.
Kara was brought up short and she floundered for any kind of reaction. Her fingers were shaking where she pressed them up against the glass, “Are those?”
“Oh,” He said in his deep gravely voice that somehow didn’t wake Johnathan and he swept out of the room, trench coat billowing in his wake.
Dean jumped up from the stool he'd been resting on and all but launched himself at the angel. Dean found their reunion an echo of the time he'd nearly died to stop the darkness. Cas had desperately grabbed at him then just as he did now, to reasure himself that the hunter was still alive. Dean could only ponder a guess at what occurred on Earth 14.
“Here.” Clark held out his arm and helped balance the angel between them.
“Oh sorry, I tend to talk when I’m nervous. And well you know with the worlds ending and all I’m pretty nervous.” Ray suddenly blasted a demon that Dean had failed to notice creeping up behind him.
Facing them was the Monitor and a small, lanky man in a crisp grey suit. However, something in the man’s off-putting tone and his steely eyes had Sam on high alert. Instinctively he was reaching for his gun he kept tucked in his pants.
A figure jumped from their hiding place and slammed a hand down onto the hood of the car. Once the hand made contact with the metal a previously invisible sigil burned bright yellow and Cas heard his compatriots scream before he too felt the pain they must have been feeling. And then his consciousness went dark.
He was passing an open door when a gruff voice called out from inside, “What’s with the tax accountant get up?”
Barry snapped his head back, mouth agape at the straightlaced version of the Angel behind him. Angel’s and orgies should never be in the same sentence. Like ever. What the hell?
“Alien spaceships,” Dean whispered to himself, “This is not how I thought this day was gonna go.”
The Caravan had parked and unloaded three miles back and hiked through the woods the rest of the way. Dean brought his crew to a stop in the sanatorium's parking lot, using the cars left behind as cover.
“Hey that’s mine,” Castiel pouted and grabbed for the glass only to fall off balance into J’onn who caught him around the waist. Castiel popped back up from his lopsided position and sauntered to the other side of the cabin like he hadn’t just about fallen on his face, “Dean’s on a “super secret super special” mission,” He said around air quotes.
“He never said much, only that it deeply disturbed him.” Cas said while peering into the countless broken windows littering the storefronts.
"We are all on the same side here." Harbinger stated calmy.
Lois was confused, and maybe more than a little weirded out.
Cas, for his part, watched Dean rev up his pickup and tear out of the encampment, a hollow feeling settling in his stomach. He didn't know how they were going to get Dean to help them. He didn't know if the colt was going to work. He just didn't know.
Barry's fingers were a blur as he tapped away on his device, "Estimates have the wave hitting Earth in approximately four minutes."
"They trust me to kill the Devil and to save the world and that's exactly what I'm gonna do." Dean still didn't know what J'onn was, but he was obviously more than human and someone he never wanted to piss off again.
The Superman that was his doubleganger, aside from his sky blue eyes, smiled and shook his head, "No, not that I'm aware of."
“Dean! Oliver!” Cas shouted before he too was taken.
“You ok?” Kara shouted over the roaring wind.
Came J’onns voice in his head and he had to clench his jaw to keep from gasping out loud,
“WHAT?” Deans whirled, “How come you never said anything?"
“Hey slow down.” Barry swooped in and effortlessly, so effortless that it was honestly concerning, plucked the glass out of the already intoxicated Cas’s hands.
“Not bad.” Oliver clapped him on the shoulder, growing concerned when the angel stumbled, and Dean had to steady him. But he didn’t have time to dwell on it long, “This isn’t over.” The next wave of shadow demons had arrived.
Kate only let out a huff and took the lead, “Better let me do the talking.”
"What?"
Hex groaned in pain and finally gasped his surrender, “Ease up, cowgirl. The mine's yours. The mine's yours.”
Sam stood just behind Cas in case he needed to back his friend up while Sara and Barry crossed their arms tensely. Mia simply looked bored. The four glanced back and forth between the Warlock and the Angel. If not for the drastic difference in hair color they could have passed for brothers, what with their matching blue eyes and angry set jawlines. Hell, even their attire was nearly identical right down to the askew ties that were the only part of their wardrobe that differed in hue.
"How could you be sure that he was infected?" J'onn asked.
"If anything can kill Lucifer, this is it." Dean reverently run his fingers over the colt.
Unconsciously Dean pressed a hand to his own chest, remembering when the hellhound killed him all those years ago. Oliver looked pretty much as he did then if what Sam told him was anything to go by.
J'onn pulled the human in close, the usually stoic man nearly losing control, and then he dropped Dean to the ground.
“Heaven isn’t living Cas.” Dean’s dark tone troubled Kara.
Cas looked like he was about to throw up. The angel wasn't even sure if he could be physically sick. All those years ago he rebelled against heaven, forging a path for himself with his new-found free will and this is what it came too. In all his worst nightmares from a war of angels and demons, to a planet overrun by leviathans this outcome never even crossed his mind. There would have always been something left, something or someone to fight for. But it was all just gone.
Cas simply nodded and took point while J’onn and Barry flanked him. The two heroes wore civilian clothes, a scarlet speedster costume would bring just a little too much attention as would the Martian’s armor. Vegetation had long since begun to retake the buildings and roads. Lining the sidewalks as far as the eye could see laid the burnt-out shells of cars.
Dean nodded once and pulled out the colt, double checking the single round left, "They'll never see us coming. Trust me. Now, weapons check. We're on the move in five."
"You're the one who taught me free will."
"I was wrong Cas. I was wrong. I'm begging you." Dean gave up the pretense of packing and fixed Cas with a pain filled grimace that broke the angel's heart, "When you get back to where ever you came from… just go back to Heaven and do whatever the angels want. Its too much to fight it. Heaven is the only thing that can stop this crisis." Dean leaned in close to Cas, looking him up and down with a sneer, "But you won't do that will you? Cause that's not who you are. Not anymore." And with that Dean scooped up his bags and raced out the door leaving Cas alone to pick up the pieces.
"There is nowhere to go." Cas shouted, "Reality is being erased."
The Monitor’s lips pulled into a tight line, “Not entirely.”
“Resurrection is a tricky business. There’s a lot that can go wrong.” Sam pointed out.
Sam was the first to jump into action, stepping in front of his brother and Cas.
“It would be worth it if it worked.” Kara said to herself, mostly.
Only Cas knew precisely what they were dealing with, having seen these twisted and malformed faces every time he looked at Meg or Crowley, and for a short time; he shuddered at the memory; Dean. These were the true form of demons. Normally outside of vessels demons couldn’t cause harm to the physical plane. He doubted that would be the case in this fight.
Sara stood above Hex, “The mine is ours.” She lowered his serrated blade closer to his face for emphasis.
Sam found Kara with Kate in the Waverider’s mess.
“You got the wrong guy. I…” He paused taking in the three and how far they’d come. Throwing his hands up he made for the door.
Constantine appraised the angel before him with a chuckle, “I feel like I should file for copyright infringement.” And he lit his cigarettes.
“Bruce!” Kate struggled against Dean’s grip until with a cry Bruce fell to the floor.
"Yes Dean?" Nonplussed the angel tilted his head to the side. If Dean found the small act adorable as always no one had to know.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
If they were ever going to have a chance at surviving this someone needed to bridge that gap. Setting her resolve she cautiously approached the trio.
"And you hunt what? Deer?" Alex scoffed at him, not quite ready to forgive how they'd tried to stab her sister just yet.
The Crisis begins.
“What?” Kara’s eyes uneasily jumped back and forth between the two brothers and angel.
And there was the crux of the matter. For the last several months Cas wanted to fall for a second time, had been planning to do so. This Castiel never had a choice in the matter.
Harbinger stood in front of the main screen which played out in real time the destructive force tearing through space. "There's a wave of antimatter sweeping across this universe...destroying everything in its path.
"Pull. It. Out!" He repeated.
“What-what do you mean?” Barry asked, although truly afraid to know.
“Huh,” Castiel pressed a finger to his chin, abruptly swinging around and walking back into the center of the cabin’s main room. The three visitors exchanged confused glances and followed Castiel only to give a start when Castiel jumped back around to face them. An uneasiness settled in Cas’s gut.
For the first time in an age Dean heard angel wings.
"Cas!" Barry yelled over the roaring wind, "We have to go."
The Monitor drew himself up, barely any emotion showing on his fathomless face, “If only it could. While Oliver Queen was to die in this Crisis, this is not how I saw events unfold, but as the Anti-Monitor gets stronger, I grow weaker. We must find all 8 Paragons.”
Batwoman and Ray were the last to move into formation on either end of the group. This world’s last defense.
“There was no hope for this world.” Bruce glowered at Kate.
The heroes regroup on Earth-1.
“And now we have to keep fighting for what and who we have left,” Cas stared intently at Dean, it was one of his looks that Dean would have under normal circumstances reminded the angel of human social cues. Now they just took comfort that the other was even there, awkward interactions and all.
Constantine vigorously rubbed his palms together and hunched his shoulders, visibly bracing himself. When nothing happened Constantine frowned pointedly at the angel, “Come on mate, these magical batteries aren’t going to get it up themselves.”
“If you can protect it.” Harbinger was grim.
A car burns hot, devouring the asphalt beneath it and the masked killers inside it. Looking onwards a Robin and a Hawk breathe deeply. Their injuries painful but not life threatening. They would have been sore tomorrow. If only there was to be a tomorrow. The sky bleeds and the two heroes only have enough time to catch sight of the destruction before they cease to exist along with Earth 9.
The jeeps racing into the camp skid to a stop, throwing dirt up everywhere.
Kara could hardly see the screen through her tears. The bright beacon that indicated Argo's position on the outer reaches of Earth's solar system faded away. Blinked out like it was never there. She barely felt her sister's arm's around her or J'onn's hand on her shoulder trying to lend her strength. Suddenly she wasn't in the DEO anymore. She was just a little girl alone in a pod, powerless to do anything while she watched Krypton burn and crack apart. Alex's gentle squeeze on her wrist was all that kept her from drowning in memories, "They're gone." Her voice broke at the end.
Once high in the air Cas turned a little green around the edges.
"Those are your people." J'onn couldn't believe what he was hearing.
“Thank you.” Sara sighed and let him go.
With each earthquake the tower crumbled more and more. There was no saving Earth 38 now.
"Nerd." Dean elbowed his brother in the ribs.
Soon enough small groups of straggly people began to emerge from the barely standing structures.
"That bastard never could stay in hell." Dean muttered to himself, although everyone heard.
Barry's heart began hammering in his chest. Of all the aliens and superpowered beings he'd faced he never in his wildest dreams thought that he'd come face to face with the actual Devil. Up until a few days ago Barry hadn't even believed that Lucifer was real. And now here he was wearing a familiar face.
Holy shit! That’s it. That’s all Dean could think.
“We just need to buy more time.” Kara told the two, “We might lose the planet, but we can still save the people.”
Barry tilted his head, taking in the three strangers standing between Kara and Oliver.
“Superman was the strongest weapon for good you all had.” Dean raised his gun.
Dean violently threw the bag he'd just packed across the room where it collided with the floor loudly, causing Cas to flinch at the sudden outburst. "Damn it Cas! I know what you want from me and we're not having this conversation."
"What?!" The huge walking moose yanked out his earbuds.
Once Oliver had been full submerged the air was tense as they all braced for something to happen. Sam let out a breath he didn’t realized he’d been holding and peered down into the still, dark water. Oliver’s body wasn’t even visible from the surface any longer. How deep was this pit?
“The Legend’s time ship.” She responded off handily, because of course they had a time ship.
Oliver crossed his arms on the table and leaned forward, "I've seen the antimatter wave in action." In fact he still had nightmares about it, "It wiped all of Earth-2 right out of existence."
"No, no, no, no." Clark clapped Superman on the back, "This is your cousin sort… of."
Dean chuckled humorlessly, "Always got to be a hero, eh Cas?"
Relief was short lived. More demons spilled into the foyer, and even more swirled around the windows, just outside. One new and improved batarang wouldn’t be enough to deal with this.
The Fate of Earth-38 hangs in the balance.
“I think you need a minute.” J’onn blocked Castiel’s path and pressed his fingers to the side of his head. Instantly Cas’s eyes rolled back into this head and he fell like a rag doll.
She covered he child with her body and let out a scream, waiting for the blow. When it didn't come she tentatively lowered her arms. J'onn was at her side in an instant and helped her to her feet.
Ray put down his tablet with a sigh, even the inherent giddiness that was the essence of Ray Palmer had taken a hit in the last few minutes, "I'm not sure how much good it will do now but we should be able to locate the remaining Paragons. Although I've never actually built a Paragon detector before." He rolled a cart with a computer screen into the center of the room while holding onto a device with a button on it. He raised the activator, paused, and calculated the distance of those gathered around, "You know everybody should probably take a step back."
Sara didn’t answer that, instead she tossed the last plank of wood blocking the water’s surfac to the side and simply sat at the base of the pit. Sam could see her swallowing hard and her eyes began to shine.
Machine gun fire cracked in the air above them. The three snapped their heads upwards and through the frosted third story windows they saw muzzle fire light up the interior, followed by screams and multiple sets of feet running across glass and rubble.
Barry’s eyebrows shot skyward. Sam, the gentle giant and Dean who he’d fought alongside were fated to bring about the actual honest to God biblical apocalypse. “Wow! Ok that uh… oh!” Barry floundered. Cas was matter of fact by all he just explained. ‘Right! Angel.’ Barry had to remind himself, ‘This guy is an angel.’
“Gone?” Cas asked, voice tight.
“We’re just fine thanks.” Dean all but snapped at the Kryptonian.
“What?!” Cas protested, “I’m not meant to be an angel anymore and there’s a reason for that.” This was how is how it should be, was what he wanted. The natural conclusion of using up his grace such as he was cut off from Heaven.
"She's right Dean. Let's get you to the infirmary." Kara turned on her heel, intending to help the hunter back to his feet, "Should have gone there in the first place but no, you don't need medical attention." Kara grumbled under her breath.
Reality slowed down around him. Barry watched the air ripple behind the bullet. While unable to move as fast as the speedster Cas easily tracked Barry's movements with his keen angel eyes. Yellow lightning outlined Barry's form and dust kicked up in his wake, the plumes nearly motionless compared to the speed Barry was moving at. In quite literally no time at all Barry was between the man and Dean, grabbing the bullet out of the air.
Secured in his position Cas held out the palm of his hand. In tandem their eyes began to glow. Twin bolts of heat and light shot from Kara and Clark’s eyes while a single beam of pure grace shot from Cas’s palm.
“It still hurts.” Barry patted the angel on the back, “Thank you for opening up to me.”
“Skirt.” Mick grunted in the only greeting Kara was going to get from the Legend. Out of no where he produced a sandwich and shoved it in his mouth, chewing loudly.
Kara recognized his protective stance as one she'd had for Alex since before she even became Supergirl. To top it all off they clearly resembled each other. Family? Brothers? She wondered.
Receiving the psychic message J'onn clenched his fists and skirted around the two celestials. Once at Barry's side he hooked his arms around Barry's back, getting the young man on his feet. Once upright J'onn supported all of Barry's weight. Another audible snap had Barry biting the inside of his mouth in pain.
“You don’t just get to come in here with your heavenly shit and speak to me like the real Cas didn’t just give up.” Dean hefted his gun onto the table beside him and all three of the visitors breathed a sigh of relief.
“Oh,” Sara didn’t really know how to feel about that, “Great.”
“Oh, uh, if I can have one of those without losing an appendage.” Ray reached for a Batarang which Kate all but tossed in his face. “Oh, so cool!” Ray’s face lit up like a kid on Christmas. He turned the little silver bat over and over in his hands, “Incredibly balanced. Carbon fiber?”
With a swipe of his hand Constantine disassembled the galactic illusion, put out by how the speedster so easily disregarded his magical craftsmanship, “Perhaps a thank you and a little well-earned awe for a magical job well done, eh?”
“You’re welcome. Come on,” Dean unholstered his gun, “We need to get Kate and get out of here. Can you see her?”
“Earth-one villain?” Kara side eyed Kate.
"Yeah, I went mortal." Castiel giggled, the decibel rising until it reached near hysterical levels.
Leaning around Cas, Lucifer at last peered at Barry, sending a shiver down the speedster's spine. Even when facing Zoom and Savitar, Barry hadn't been this afraid, hadn't felt this outmatched.
Cas rolled his eyes, another human expression he just couldn’t seem to stop emulating, “I don’t have harp.”
“Its all the same Heaven Sam.” Cas replied.
Cas rose from his and Dean’s cover and held up one of his hands, “Shut your eyes.” He ordered, eyes glowing bright blue as a light erupted out of his palm.
Barry nodded and flexed his legs. He was still sore from the rapid healing and his muscles ached, but it would have to do. He sped off into the sanitorium.
“Thank you Dean,” Cas, Dean noticed, appeared ten times lighter, “The Monitor is sending me to Earth-14.”
Tentatively Barry lowered his hands, his ears still ringing, and turned around horrified at what he saw. There with a hole in the back of his head and eyes staring blankly outwards was the man he'd just saved.
“And the fifth?” Sam crossed his arms.
Cas knelt down next to Dean's body. Gingerly he uncurled Dean's fingers from around the colt and settled the weapon in his coat pocket. The last bullet had yet to be fired, maybe with this weapon they would have a chance. With one last brush of his fingers across the human's forehead Cas stood and resolutely faced away from the scene. He had to keep going.
Mick glowered up at the ceiling, “No one asked you Hardware.”
Sam nodded vigorously.
The impala sat alone on the road, idling for a few seconds more. And then Earth 79 was gone.
“Well, we can't let that happen!” Oliver let another arrow loose.
Castiel survived the location, "Oh, good. It's right in the middle of a hot zone." He noted flippantly.
"Hey, I tried to stop but you lot insisted with Alastair," Dean threw back nonchalantly but Cas caught the minute clenching of his jaw and the tightening of his eyes.
Very soon the light became too bright as everyone had to cover their eyes.
Dean’s good mood at finding their family alive was only boosted when the jump ship deposited Kara, Cas and hunters aboard the Waverider. The second his feet hit the bulkhead floors Dean couldn’t stop running his hands along the sleek walls.
"Meaning." Dean asked exasperated. Sammy just nodded beside him, of course his brainy brother understood what was going on.
"Brother," Cas appealed to the Devil, "It did not have to be this way."
“All things considered it led you here so I’m not complaining too much,” Kara smiled softly up at him.
The four whirled around to see a very pissed off Mick hefting his heat gun, “I stole and hacked apart all that fair and square. That’s my collection.” He thrust his weapon at the still open fridge.
"Yeah we got that. What are they saying?" Sam had pulled his angel blade out while keeping a look out on their surroundings, ready to be attacked at any moment. Whatever had Cas so worked up had to be big, and close.
At this Luthor’s eye gave the slightest twitch of nervous energy. Sam would have to settle for that. For right now he had more important things he had to do, not the least was finding Kara to make sure she was ok. With one last intimating lean in towards Luthor, Sam turned on his heel and stalked off into the bowels of the ship.
At last, the man came into view. The lines on his face were deep and Dean recognized the haunted look in this man’s eyes. Hell, he’d seen it almost whenever he looked in the mirror. This was a man who seen too much and done too little. This was a man full of pain and regret with a broken body encased in a machine.
“He’s attempting to hammer out a sequel.” The ship’s voice suddenly said and Cas inwardly kicked himself at being startled again. At least he hadn’t physically jumped.
Sam had to wonder. If he’d had the power to go back in time like Sara, could he restrain himself from bringing back everyone he’d ever lost regardless of the cost? He’d like to say that he was strong enough, but he truthfully didn’t know.
“A spaceship man! We’re on a spaceship.” Dean said giddily.
“So it's what, Plan B?” Barry ran a hand over his face, “That's comforting.”
“I’ll stay,” The father pushed Sam towards the ship’s ramp.
"I guess the apocalypse doesn't have safe driving laws," Barry frowned and waited beside Cas while J'onn lingered a little farther back on the rickety porch.
Ignoring their aside the Monitor continued, “It revealed the names of Ms. Zor-El and Ms. Lance, as well as the other three.”
"And you took one look at Dean and thought they were all good." Lucifer callously walked over Dean's body to stand a mere foot away from Cas. It took all of Cas's will power not to flee at that very moment.
At last Cas raised his head, “You have quite the insight into how the human heart works Barry Allen.”
"Dean!" Cas made for the hunter the second he had Dean in his sights.
“And what about those innocent lives on Earth-38? Or Earth 79?” Kara shouted while using all her will power to keep from pummeling Luthor and the Monitor into the ship’s bulkheads, “Did they not have destinies to fulfill? I'm sorry, but I can't trust a man who thinks Lex Luthor is an ally.” At feeling her last bit of self-control slip away Kara all but ran from the bridge in a blur.
"Angel radio." Cas managed to get out.
Now it was truly hitting J'onn and Barry how old Cas really was, how much this angel had seen.
Within moments the three began to tremble with the exertion. The red skies began to fade. They only needed to hold on a little longer.
Sara quirked a blonde eyebrow, “A consequence bigger than all worlds ending?”
Out from behind a line of rotting cars more people emerged. Cas barely paid them any notice, to busy checking each survivor for infection when the screams began. The new group of people threw themselves at a family like lions taking down prey. Their teeth tore into the father's neck. The mother tried to shield her child but was grabbed from behind and drug into an alley out of sight but Cas could still hear her screams.
Ah, there it was. “Are you intoxicated?” Cas towered over his alternate self, which was not an easy feat given they were exactly the same height. Even with Cas’s dulled sense of smell, courtesy of being an angel, this man reeked.
“It means I’m useful again.”
“You were saying,” Dean had to clear his throat, shaking himself out of his thoughts surrounding Cas and himself saving a little baby girl years ago. Back when Cas had been amazingly human.
“Who did this to you?” Castiel asked, the ever-present dreamlike quality in his voice becoming even more prominent.
“Eww,” Sara curled her lips back and shook herself, “Yeah I never get used his him doing shit like that.”
“Protect it from what?” Sam glanced quickly out the huge windows, half expecting to see… well he did know what to expect but it couldn’t be good, “What’s coming?”
He then returned her tentative smile, “I see now why you’re the Captain.”
When Sam saw Dreamer he have her a happy wave. Glad to see the hero he worked with on Earth-38.
To everyone’s surprise, except the Winchesters, Cas was quick to agree, “We will undo this. We will get everyone back. Even if I have to march back into heaven and take them.”
Cas, Barry and J’onn stealthy skirted around the encampment. Last thing they needed was a trigger happy apocalyptic survivor taking a crack at them.
“Knowing you have your mojo back will let me sleep easier at night knowing you can keep yourself safe but…” Dean rubbed a palm down his face, “If after this is all over you want to fall then you know you got a place with me and Sam.”
“Yes yes!” Brainy zoomed in on the power panels near the top of the main spire, “From this design, it looks like the tower is capable of generating a quantum flux field, which can, theoretically reverse the exogenic state of the anti-matter wave, thereby dissipating the anti-matter energy.”
The shot made it halfway to Sam’s mouth before he faltered and sat it down undrunk.
Bruce, in his mechanical suit, lost his balance and fell backwards onto an old control panel. The spikes pierced the exposed parts of his back and electricity coursed in blue currents across his body.
“What? I can geek out too.”
“Oh,” Kara’s eyes got huge. Why she even surprised anymore? “Well ah. Good luck with that.”
“Yes, I did need you.” Dean wasn’t understanding. With his mojo back Cas had more firepower, and in this crisis it was desperately needed. He took a pause and tried to steer the conversation back to how this had happened, “The Monitor gave you your mojo back.”
Sam saved Constantine from eating the dirt only at the last second and heaved the man up. “You good?” Sam steadied him as he swayed.
“I need the two of you to be the ones to save us.” Oliver clutched both of their hands. Letting go he blindly reached for his daughter, “Mia?”
They were on theirr feet in seconds and Sam saw recognition flash across Sara’s face.
He held up the now dull handle in disbelief.
The child scrambled back in fear of the angel.
"What happened to you?" Barry winced as the question made its way out of his mouth. Since meeting Castiel he couldn't help but note the differences, and there were many, between this man and the Cas he knew. Sure, he'd meant to be more tactful, maybe a little softer in questioning the man but the query was out and he couldn't go back in time and change it. Well… he could but that was besides the point.
2014.”
A piece of ceiling came loose right above Lois. Before either of the Supers had a chance to react Cas was on his feet, leaning over the human and catching the brunt of the concrete's impact on his back.
“No. not for a while. I don’t, I truthfully don’t know what I am. I was created to follow orders and obey and that’s all I did for millions of years. The universe was so simple.” He mourned that simplicity in a strange way, but Cas knew that given the chance he wouldn’t change a thing about the events that led him here, “Meeting the Winchesters, meeting Dean. He showed me that there was another way. I never had free will until he showed me I could make my own choices. Believe me, I’ve made quite a few mistakes. The ability to choose, to make one’s own path, was what I fell for. Being an angel sets me so far apart from humanity, but with Dean I feel human. I rebelled for Dean and I fell. He grounded me to earth and these people. Because of Dean I… I feel. He’s my…”
“Wait,” Kara had a sudden idea, “If the book can rewrite destiny, can it bring back Earth-38 or any of the other Earths?”
“How did this happen Castiel?” J’onn picked his way carefully through a hole in the fence that was so rusted and worn down it couldn’t have kept anyone in or out if it tried.
“Bummed out Kryptonian, Apocalyptic Rambo, and a future Bat. Which technically means…” Kate wondered aloud.
“I prefer Cas. What do you need Kara?” Cas asked.
“Dreamer,” she shook his hand.
He groaned and pulled at his short hair. He was poison. He knew it. Cas had to have known it too if this thing had gone on for so long with nothing happening. God, how long had they known each other? Going on maybe ten years. He’d never taken this long before. Hell Sam even came close to calling him out of his bullshit numerous time but then the end of the world would pop up again. And as always there was no time. Just like now.
Kata looked at Kara, back to the door, back to Kara, “Nope. Uh-uh. Let's not make that weird. That’s weird.” Kate tried the door handle only to find it locked and groaned in frustration.
“If we could all keep that to ourselves, that'd be great.” By Kate’s expression if she’d had a batarang on her person it would currently be flying towards Ray’s face this very second.
Cas tilted his head and the baby’s parents gestured for him to leave to room.
“Well, he’s a lovely fellow.” Dean bit back sarcastically.
“Anyway,” Kara cleared her throat.
Brainy pulled away from the readouts, his face grim, "And we're next."
“Thank you.” Dean smiled at her warmly.
Sara rushed to Oliver’s side, “Oli!”
“One of eight heroes from across all of space and time who can save everything.” Barry edged closer to the two.
Ignoring him the Monitor simply waved a hand in the air. Cas was bolled over with a pain that would be the mortal equivalent of being hit by a truck. Every inch of his vessel shined with blinding grace. If any human had been in the corridor with the two celestials undoubtably they would not have survived.
With nothing but his fists he charged the uncommon onslaught. Oliver Queen would not fail this World.
"Your machine works just fine." The Monitor beamed at Ray, in fact it was probably the closest thing to a smile anybody had seen on the being's face, "That light is the Paragon of Courage and the Paragon of Freedom."
“Cas?” Dean asked.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“If you would,” The voice spoke again, “The Monitor has arrived and is asking everyone to meet him on the bridge.”
“Don't be so rude, Luke.” A rough craggily voice echoed from a staircase, “You'll have to forgive him.” Each word was punctuated by a heavy footstep that they could feel vibrating through the floor. As the unseen figure got closer so did the sound of gears and metal whirring, “We're not used to having guests.”
“I require your assistance,” Cas said to Kara.
“Very well.” Cas sighed and allowed his hand to hover over Constantine’s. Slowly his pupils began to glow and white blue grace spilled out of his palm. Sara, who had not seen Cas in action before felt a small jolt of awe an no small amount of fear but she managed to squash the instinctual urge to flee at the display of angelic power.
"No," The Monitor conceded this fact, finally tearing his attention from the screen to take in the hero and angel, "but you two are."
“Barry…”
"We're loaded and on the road by midnight." Dean called after them.
Sammy ran a hand over his face. He'd just gotten his mother back and now… he shut his eyes tight, not wanting or able to go there yet.
“I restored Luthor long before the crisis caused my power to wane.”
“It is.” A wistful look softened the grief on Kara’s face.
Dean threw an arm over his face while the other’s turned away. They couldn’t see, but they could hear the screams of the demons and a sizzling sound.
Cas pulled open the passenger's door and slid in. This was going to be a long ride.
"The point is they have saved their earth just as many times as you all have saved yours. The Monitor wants to make the stand on this Earth as strong as possible. Everyone in this room are the greatest heroes and champions from across all realities."
Oliver whirled in rage at the cosmic being, “Has the planet been evacuated yet?”
Hopeful once more Kara asked the question she'd been dying to ask, "Did anyone else make it off Argo?" At Clark's dark expression Kara felt her heart cracking all over again, "My mother?" her voice small.
“It’s not a matter of want.” Cas sat down on the torn and frayed couch in the corner of the room and leaned forward on his thighs, “You have to understand that I am an angel.”
"I don't know, maybe destroy the planet." Barry bit out sarcastically.
Kate swayed on her feet. She opened and closed her mouth, nothing coming out in her shock, but the Monitor wasn't done yet.
Suddenly the sun was blocked out and Sam whirled his head skywards, “Woah!”
“Or I will raise your ass and kill you myself.” Dean if at all possible, tightened his grip on the angel.
“Dad!” Mia ran to his aid.
"He's scary," Barry commented to Cas and piled into the back seat of the rusted jeep with J'onn.
With a huff she flicked on the circular viewscreen in the center of the bridge. Ok. She was the paragon of hope. She could do this. Yeah, she thought to herself, she could be hopeful.
"Dean, we don't have a lot of time."
J’onn face turned down in a pained frown, “What the hell?” he grit through his teeth.
Kara gulped. But it wasn’t enough. Not for her. All those people were now homeless, just as she was when Krypton was destroyed. With a sigh she raised her head seeing matching sadness and loss on everyone’s faces in the room, “I’m sorry. You all have lost so much today. And Sam you’re right, saving all those people it’s not nothing.” Abruptly she stood and began pacing, “There has to be a way we can undo this. Oliver, my mom, Argo, Earth” To Sam, “Your Earth. Ooh all those Earths, all those people who vanished. There has to be a way we can get them back.”
Before Kara had time to process all the horrible things she was feeling Dean’s fist whipped out and collided with Luke’s chin. The young man crumpled to the ground.
“Sara!” Barry started at her dumfounded, she couldn’t be seriously suggesting what he thought she was suggesting!
Kate slammed down the med kit, "Shut up." She growled over her shoulder in his direction.
Kate was instantly standing in his way, “If you really think that, you're gonna have to kill one more person. Me!”
“Dean.” Sam warned.
Cas could only muster a halfhearted smile in return. He gently placed his palm on the hunter's arm, letting his grace flood across Dean's skin and stitched the tissue back together. After the hunter was healed Cas left his hand linger on Dean's arm.
“When Krypton was destroyed I never thought I would never see them again. Then we found Argo and the mountains, they were still there. After everything my people had endured and all the hardships I’d faced they were still standing. Now they’re really gone.” Kara quickly wiped at the wetness on her face, “Oh you think I’d be done crying by now?” She took off her glasses and held them in a clenched hand atop the viewscreen, “OK…” After a steady beat, “I think I’m ready.”
“Believe me I know.” Sara said before stalking out of the library.
"I think he's kind of neat." Luthor quipped.
J'onn gasped and pressed a palm to his forehead.
“How are you so hopeful?” Sam looked at the kryptonian in a new light, “You’ve lost almost as much as we have today.”
Once the light died away they lowered their hands and saw, stunned, that not a single demon remained within the tower’s interior.
“So this is the apocalypse?” Barry eyed their surroundings. He honestly didn’t know what to expect, hordes of the undead or maybe raining fire. A volcano would have been a nice touch. This town was just… empty.
Clark could only shake his head. The tears that Kara had somehow restrained up till now spilled over and Clarks arms were around her again, only this time holding her up. She pressed her face into the crock of his neck.
The whole room braced for the outcome.
“That’s good,” Dreamer lead Sam over to a railing that looked out over the vast central park area where hundreds, if not thousands of citizens were bunching together.
Kate crossed her arms standing tall, “Alright, Let’s do this.”
"Jesus Christ!" Sam threw his arms back while the others froze in shock.
They made it up the rickety steps. Dean only managing to stumble once when his foot fell through the floorboards. With Kara’s help he kicked his leg loose and looked skywards, as if asking a higher power “why him?”.
Cas wondered the halls of the Waverider. Amazingly baby Johnathan had remained sound asleep. Now all he had to do what find the baby’s parents. Where had everybody gone to?
Oliver hefted his bow and readied an arrow, “I mean what kind of fire power do you have.”
“Now why would you do stupid thing like that?” Castiel squeaked out.
Dean came to a stop in front of a glass case, a few of the items inside seeming familiar. Leaning down he saw a Joker card and nearly squealed in delight. But he didn’t cause he was Dean F-ing Winchester, he didn’t squeal. Wait… he leaned in for a closer look. Huh? Those cards were never covered in blood in the cartoons he’d watched as a kid and, he’d never tell Sammy, as an adult. The hairs on the back of his neck began to rise. Something about this was wrong, very wrong. On a shelf above the card was more items. A dead viney plant, a broken snow globe, and a cane with a question mark carved at the top snapped in half to name a few.
"Yeah that makes a lot of sense." Oliver mentally kicked himself over not putting it together sooner.
And there went the bottom of Dean’s stomach. A cold fear crept into his throat, “Cas there’s things you should know. Things I never told you, or Sam about that place. The me that’s there. He’s in a bad way man.”
“Here!” Kara tossed Dean a bottle water from a nearby table and went with Clark to greet the gathering crowd.
"Plugging some Croat, it's called commonplace. Trading words with Cas's freaking sober clone," He threw Cas a disgusted look, "And that little stunt you pulled," Dean got in Barry's face, his ire dangerously close to exploding, "that might have freaked them out a little." Dean huffed and made for the door.
Hours later the three seemed to be no closer to any sort of encampment. Barry had offered to superspeed around as it would be infinitely quicker. However, Cas warned that such a display of power would likely bring the unwanted attention of demons or angels that could be lurking nearby. Likewise, Cas refrained from flying overhead as any human survivors would undoubtably be hiding behind sigils that would render his sight useless. Nope, they would have to do this the long, hard, and human way.
Barry picked up on Cas's discomfort beside him and glanced warily at the angel out the corner of his eyes before asking the hunter, "How? How could you know that?"
"How many times is that gonna come up?" Dean groaned quietly to himself, or at least he thought he'd been quiet. Kara and Clark looked at him funny and Dean realized, of course, super hearing.
“Penance for what?” Sam stepped toward the man warily.
Sam nodded slightly proud of how impressed she sounded, “Yeah the last few years or so. It’s been the closest to a home we’ve had since our adopted father Bobby’s house. Dean’s favorite place besides the gun range is the kitchen.”
Dean smirked knowingly at his brother and tilted his head in Kara’s direction, wagging his eyebrows.
“Ok that’s it I’m leaving.” Dean threw his hands up. And with a whirl that would have had his cape billowing, if he had a cape (damn he needed to get a cape to fit in around here) Dean hurried down the corridor. He rounded the corner and Cas thought that was it. Then Dean poked his head back, “Have fun storming the castle. Don’t die.” He said jamming a finger in Cas’s direction. And he was gone.
"I guess that answers that question." The oldest Winchester narrowed his eyes at the dark road ahead of them.
“All right.” Constantine pulled an extrapolator from his pocket and reactivated the portal, “We'll go get Oliver.” He nodded at Mia who followed him through.
It was beautiful honestly. No one present could deny that. A sort of calm settle over those gathered. The Galaxies spun lazy on their axis’s, this visual representing billions upon billions of planets and countless lives from across the multiverse.
Barry circled Lucifer, faster and faster, building momentum. He could feel his lightening charging in his veins, channeling into his fist. The speed force flowed through him. Over and over again he ran around Lucifer, leaving a whirlwind of yellow lightning in his wake. He was almost ready. One more go around and the speed punch would be at full capacity. Any faster and Barry would be running back in time.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Dean?” Cas shook him. Dean didn’t appear to be hurt, just a little freaked, and maybe grossed out. Cas titled his head. All his time with the Winchesters had made reading human emotions much easier for him. And Cas knew just about every expression Dean’s face could make. If he often stared at the hunter when no one was watching no one had to know. And yes, that look on Dean’s face wasn’t one of fear of a looming threat. Dean was thoroughly disgusted. Cas breathed a sigh of relief and tried not to panic at how he actually needed to breathe now.
“This,” Cas held his hands up, “is not who I am. This is a vessel. I am so different from you that to see me as I really am would kill most humans. I wasn’t always as I am now. I was a… warrior, a soldier.”
Kara lowered her glasses, seeing the room in her x-ray vision. When she found what she was looking for she nudged Dean and glanced meaningfully over at the bookcase.
Lucifer took a step towards Cas and the younger angel flinched back. Lucifer's face softened, a mockery of concern for his sibling, "You remember how I fell from grace?"
“Supergirl.” The martian bowed his head in acknowledgement.
Sara grimaced, “Hoo. Yeah. I kind of promised our crew they'd never have to do another crossover.”
“Alright,” Dreamer turned around and waved at the crowd, “Everybody this way. Let’s get into the ship.”
“NO way this is so cool.” Alex blushed.
Kara bit her lip, hoping the pain would ground her a bit before continuing, “When I think about all the misery that man has caused, to my planet, to my family...” she blinked hard when her eyes began to water, “and I… when I think of all those people on my Earth that we wanted to save but couldn't, it just feels unfair.”
“What did you do?” Kate took in this new information and slowly turned her head to her cousin, her stance dangerous.
"Have you lost your mind Dean?!" Cas was every bit the terrifying soldier of heaven in that moment. He easily pinned the human with one arm as he continued to yell.
And then all movement ceased.
Running to the bookshelf Kara pointed out when they first entered the room, he proceeded to fling every book to the floor.
This was all to familiar to Sam, “Are you sure this is something you want to do?”
The retired Boy Wonder walked down a quiet street in a peaceful Gotham on Earth 66. His furred companion noticed the changing clouds first. "Holy crimson skies of death!" the old man cried out and clutched his dog's leash a little closer.
“You have one book, and it’s self published.” The ship’s consciousness corrected.
Sam kept a hold of Kara’s hand while he entered in the readout for Earth-79. And just like with Earth-38 the only sound the planet made as it died on screen was a cold hum. Everything was gone. The planet. The galaxy. Everything.
Sam was glad Alex had made sure he had a com as well, so he was able to hear the Martian’s response.
"Speed though as many people as you can." Cas ordered.
The three hid just this side of a wall, hearing everything going on inside.
Cas rubbed at the back of his neck. Dean had said that this world was bad, and of course Cas knew that the war of Heaven and Hell would ravage the planet. Oh but Cas hadn’t thought about how it would have affected the both of them. Cas hadn’t considered how such a reality would affect them personally. He felt sick. With one last glance at his doubleganger Cas threw his hand down and made for the cabin’s exit, unable to remain in the same room as himself any longer.
Sam looked at the young parents and their preteen daughter.
As that demon burst into ash Mia used the cover to twirl around and lift her weapon, shooting her arrow at two unsuspecting demons. They were taken out before the ash cleared to reveal Mia with another arrow readied that she released, killing a demon grappling with Cas.
Cas narrowed his eyes at her.
"Woah" Barry said in awe, then jumped back when a bulb actually burst when Cas pulled back and slammed Dean into the wall again, "Hey Cas, maybe ease up a bit"
“Another Earth just died.” Barry announced solemnly.
Clark gave a shout, his eyes falling shut and dropping like a stone tossed into water. The loss of support around Cas had Kara scrambling to grab onto the angel. She held one arm tight around his back and the other hand kept a tight grip on his arm while the two gave their everything.
They all ran out, still on edge for any possible threat. A ship unlike any of the alien ones from Earth 38 exited a portal over the park and hovered above the main tent.
"Did you do this?" Kara stalked forward, her eyes beginning to burn in the first stages of a heat vision blast, "Did you destroy Argo!?"
"Kara."
Dean blinked furiously, shocked and startled, waiting for his brain to catch up. He gulped once, twice, and nodded at one of his men over the speedster's shoulder.
Barry came to with a searing breath that hurt his lungs. Attempting to stand he felt tight cuffs baring down on his ankles and wrists which forced him to remain seated in an old rickety chair. “What’s happening?” Barry groaned and blinked hard. A glance around the room showed J’onn slumped over in his chair and shaking his head while Cas was coming to from where he was handcuffed to a pipe on the floor.
"I can't not right now."
Now Barry understood why the Monitor had chosen the Winchesters. Besides their combat skills they’d been all but unassuming. No superpowers or special training like Oliver or Sara. Just ordinary humans. Sure, Barry had fought supervillains and the like, but these guys had gone up against the actual Devil… and won!
J'onn surveyed the heroes and hunters, the atmosphere of hope that permeated the ship after finding the Paragon of Truth had completely withered away, "We cannot stay on this course. With two Paragons dead we need a new plan."
Inside was a collection of various body parts, some appeared to be animal while others were decidedly of a more monstrous nature. And wait… Kara, Sam and Cas squinted and bent over in unison… was that a puppet hand?
Kate clenched her fist and leaned towards Kara, "I...still don't like her."
“You know me but I don’t know you little lady,” He sauntered up to her and outstretched his hand to drag and lone finger down her cheek, “Well I'm ah, sure we can come to an arrangement.”
“Hell exactly,” Cas eyes darkened at the human, yet another that could have been saved. But they didn’t have time to dwell. They had to press onwards.
"Wait," Cas threw an arm out to stop the martian.
Ray jumped, snapping his fingers excitedly. “Finally, someone who speaks my language.”
The first group disappeared in a flash of light. All across the park, down every street and atop every building that same thing was happening. Sam couldn’t help the moment of real awe, people were actually being beamed up into spaceships! “Its like something out of Star Trek.” He grinned, then at Dreamer’s expression, “Please tell me that’s a thing here to.”
Barry zipped to a stop beside him and J'onn just this side of Earth-1.
The side of J’onn’s mouth tilted up in amusement, “Not exactly.” He pressed his fingers to Dean’s head and poured the Crisis into his mind.
Realization dawned on Barry's face, "They cleared a path for us. Which means that this is…"
The last person to enter the cabin was a woman with her dark hair pulled up into a loose pony-tail. At the sight of her Dean's face fell into a lopsided grin that Cas knew all to well. Dean's expression was promptly shattered, both literally and figuratively when she stalked right across the room and pounded a fist into Dean's face. Dean's face snapped to the side, a hand clutching his reddening cheekbone. The fact that this woman had decked her superior hardly garnered a reaction from those gathered.
"Bitch." Dean glared out the corner of his eyes.
Kara’s head rose as he entered. She tensed for a moment, then sagged with relief as seeing it was just him, “A few words come to mind. Psychopathic lunatic. Homicidal madman.” Kara said taking a seat at the big dining table.
“Cas!” Dean coughed, waving away the dust and running to the edge of the crater. His heart was his throat and this stomach doing somersaults. Was this it then? Was this how Cas finally went?
"You were stabbed?" Cas' now noticed the red stain on Dean's arm. He gently prodded the wound.
“Sara said something about bringing Oliver back to life. As an unofficial expert on the matter I thought I’d lend a hand.” Sam answered. The last thing they needed was zombie running around in the midst of the crisis.
“If there was anything left?” Sam finished for her.
Sam blanched, just as grossed out as she was, “I don’t wanna know,” and he knelt to begin removing planks of wood that had been haphazardly tossed over the small pit of water, “We'll clear this out. “
“Yes ma’am.” Dean mock saluted her, ‘Cas we’ll talk when we both get back.”
Oliver snarled and flailed around; his attention now solely focused on someone else.
Cas shifted his shoulders under Lucifer's prying eyes, shame, and sadness that he felt any shame at all spread red across his vessel's cheeks. He felt as if Lucifer was plucking the feathers from his wings one by one. That his estranged brother could see so deeply into the closest guarded corners of his mind rattled him.
Then the lighting fixtures over head shattered in tandem with the building rocking against it's foundations. Alex and Kara flinched back, Kara instinctually moving in front of Alex as a blinding light filled the control room.
"They're coming." Dean's order brokered no argument.
Alex smirked, “We’ll you’ve never met Lena Luthor.”
Completely out of place were J'onn, Barry and Cas who hung a ways back behind where Castiel was sitting, well more like slumped. The sight of a Cas, all clean cut and so obviously still an angel, had most the men and women present wound tight. Several kept their hands on their guns tucked into the waist bands. It also didn't help that Barry had used his speed so openly. More than a few suspicious looks were sent J'onn's way. While he'd not displayed any abilities or inhuman qualities, the man's stoic demeanor radiated an alien power that they couldn't place but feared non the less. In this world anything not human was a threat and Dean's orders alone kept the three from being riddled with bullets.
"All righty." Castiel waved over his shoulder and closed the door behind him.
“I should be asking that question, don't you think?” A familiar man’s voice rumbled from a corner of the dimly lit room. Out of the shadows a haggard and worn Dean carrying a machine gun and pulled a chair out to sit down right in front of Cas. With his thumb he flicked off his weapon’s safety and leveled the barrel at the angel’s face. For now it seemed Barry and J’onn were being ignored by Dean, “In fact, why don't you give me one good reason why I shouldn't gank you all right here and now?”
Pausing with one foot in the door and one outside Dean ran a palm over his mouth, “Sam is gone.”
“Thanks man.” Ray eyed the knife with fascination, “Say when this is all over think I could take a look at that?”
“What is it?” Cas whispered.
“Oh,” Kara leaned in conspiratorially, “Well, at least, he's cute.”
J’onn opened his mouth and then closed it, “I think you should just come and see.” He led them inside the tent he’d come from. “When I touched their minds and realized who they were I brought them all here.”
"Yes, this way," Alex led her up a flight of stairs, while the rest hung back.
“Nope that’s not gonna happen,” Dean, still a little dazed, gently smacked away his hand which earned him a smirk from the angel. “You’re messing with me.”
“I think that’s enough Cassie,” Constantine said and the blinding light cut out. After a sharp inhale Constantine rolled his eyes halfway back into his head, “Ex nombe to a vis infinattum.” He clapped his hands together and the lit cigarettes burnt up, sending fire flying around in a circle. Orange light in a hexagonal shape erupted from his palms. Constantine clenched his fists and shoved his hands clockwise as if turning a wheel. Out of the hexes numerous miniature galaxies swirled into view, “It’s all in the wrist.” Constantine winked at Cas.
“Well,” The standoff happening in the Waverider’s library was tense. “what do we have here?” Constantine saddled up to Cas’s face. Their eyes level and shoulders pulled back. Yanking four cigarettes out of his pocket stash Constantine shoved them furiously in his mouth.
“Looks like you could use some help.” Barry skidded to a stop and helped Dean off the ground with a grin.
"Enough," Cas snapped at him, "You can lie to these people, you can even lie to yourself, but I know you, Dean. I've known you longer than any human in my very long life. You can't lie to me."
"We shall see." The Monitor said sounding unworried at the recent turn of events, "I believe Dr. Palmer's work is now finished."
“Beings of the purest will who can ultimately…” the Monitor’s lips pulled into a tight line when he was interrupted again.
Dean finally tore his attention from his packing, "Because I need you to see." He clenched his fists and pointed a finger accusingly in Cas's direction, "I need you to see my brother, and yours."
“You’re… thank you.” Cas’s reply was off kilter, unused to hearing anyone but the Winchesters speak so friendly towards him.
A woman in blue appeared out of thin air in front of them, her arms out stretched wide. Dean slammed on the brakes and the car skidded to a stop. A bright light blinded them and they disappeared.
“The path to the fifth will be found near the end of the apocalypse on Earth 14. There, a hero who has given everything for the survival of humanity will be revealed. This hero is the Paragon of Freedom.” The Monitor now addressed Dean, “I believe it is a version of Earth you have visited before.”
"What was that?!" Barry asked, looking at Dean like the hunter had lost his mind.
This time Dean did take the car off the road. Throwing it into park he swerved around in his seat, "Cas what is it?"
Lucifer bore an amused smirk and raised his right hand. Barry's next footfall faltered, and he felt his ankle roll painfully.
“Alright so we just cleared out the DEO.” Sam pointed his thumb at the building behind him, “Agents are being dispatched to schools and hospitals.”
Sam frowned, “Keys to what?”
“He said that Castiel was needed.” Was the angel’s reply.
The med room at Star labs was filled to bursting. The second Dean and Sam appeared the two bothers locked each other in a tight embrace. The older never the wiser on how close his little brother came to death, and Sam would have it kept that way. When Cas arrived through his portal the angel found himself crushed between the Winchesters. Nearby Kara and Clark held each other, unsure of their home’s fate, or the fate of their loved ones. Kara’s face was blank.
Sara looked down at what used to be and, God willing, would be her friend again. She couldn’t fail him, “That isn't Oliver yet.”
“And I’d shut up unless you want to go back to wherever he pulled you out of.” Sam crowded into the smaller man’s space, towering over him with a good half foot in height on Luthor, “I’m guessing he won’t be able to bring you back a second time.” Sam begrudgingly had to give Luthor some credit, he didn’t so much as flinch.
"Is that so? You and I, our father made us mirrors of each other it seems. I could not love humanity. And you love them too much"
“I'll take that upgrade now,” Kate said to Ray.
Constantine scrambled back and at that sound the body whirled around. It was Oliver, but it was not. There was a crazed and feral glaze to his eyes. A growl escaped his lips and he ran forward.
To this the Monitor only raised an eyebrow, “I have only descriptions for the other three paragons. One is of a second Kryptonian, who is said to have suffered a greater loss than most mortal men could endure. Today, he stands as the Paragon of Truth.”
“Mementos from Batman's greatest victories.” The fond way Luke regarded the glass case made Dean’s stomach roll.
“I can tell,” Kara let a laugh escape her watching Dean flit from the industrial sized grills to the massive refrigerator. Kara had to admit it was a pretty amazing set up. The few times she’d been aboard the Waverider she’d been in full on crisis mode, no pun intended. So, she’d never been able to enjoy anything as simple a meal. Maybe once this was all over she could rectify that.
“Now wait a minute.” Dean backed up, he hated flying, and the little jaunt with Superman earlier had been more than enough. “I’m sure there are stairs somewhere. Woah!” he protested too late. In a flash Kara had the hunter in her arms and down the shaft.
Kara took in both versions of her cousin and could only manage one word, "Huh." Oh man was she going to need brain bleach. She didn't have long to think over the fact that she'd kinda just checked out her cousin, technically.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Sam leaned down to Kara, “Waverider?” he asked in aside to her.
Cas shifted, clearly uncomfortable, “Since the start of the crisis its been quiet. I can tell the angels are still there but they haven’t said anything since the screams.
The gravity of the event they were witnessing didn't actually hit the trio until a quaint little farm house a few miles away flew apart and disintegrated when the light wave washed over it.
"Yes," J'onn nodded, "and a few families hiding where they can."
Kara’s expression softened, “Thank you,” she smiled kindly at the hunter, “But that’s not why I’m telling you this.” With a deep breath she steeled herself, “What I mean to say is I understand what you’re going through. For so long I thought about what I could have done, who I could have saved if I had my powers back then. But the truth is there was nothing I could have done. Just as there was nothing that you could have done differently to change what happened on Earth 79. If Harbinger hadn’t taken you away when she did you all would have died too. Just as I would have died if my mother,” the air caught in her throat and Kara choked. Sam placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. Her face pinched in pain, Kara brushed her cheeks dry, “If my mother hadn’t sent me away I would have died to. There is nothing we could have done then. But here, now. These people on this Earth” She waved at the bustling city below, “and every Earth on the antimatter wave’s trajectory, we can still save them. That’s why you’re here, that’s why I survived Krypton’s destruction all those years ago. So that we could be here now to make a difference. I have to believe that.”
“Hello Castiel.” She crossed her arms across her chest, feigning nonchalance but everyone could see she was glad to see the angel. Then she froze in shock when she found herself wrapped in an embrace. Castiel was hugging her!
Kara glared at the tower. Now this was something she could punch, "I'll handle it." She growled out and everyone took a cautious step back as she began to hover in the air.
“JJ?” Sam asked.
“Lyla,” Sara began.
“Son a bit…” Dean bit his tongue and jumped away from the extra dimensional being, “Don’t do that.”
Kate knocked on the thick oak door. Of all the things the three expected to answer, it wasn’t a young, handsome black man with his shirt completely unbuttoned like a playboy.
“Is that what that was?” Dean leaned toward Cas.
“What?” Sam snapped at his brother.
“Thanks,” Sara beamed.
“Strange visitor from another planet comes to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men and we just give him the keys to the kingdom?”
Dean held his hands up, shocked. The sides of his mouth pulled up, impressed and he shrugged. He and Kate shared a look and followed right in behind Kara.
"Are you having a staring competition?" Barry uncrossed his arms and ran a hand over his forehead in exasperation. The two men didn't acknowledge Barry or break their eye contact. Finally Barry clapped his hands together loudly, startling two trench-coated men whose attention snapped to him with no small amount of ire on their parts. But hey it worked as they at last stopped tried to burn a hole in each other's heads with their eyeballs. They needed to get a move on, "We don't have a lot of time, so could you please take your smoke break later and maybe just do the spell?"
“Not likely.” Cas jumped down beside the two and threw his blade end over tip right into the chest of the demon about to land a killing blow on Mia who was kneeling on the ground after being knocked over.
"What are we supposed to do about this?" Mia shouted over the din.
Then to the angel, "Through the strength of your convictions Castiel, you forged for yourself that which no angel has ever done before, your own free will, giving up your home, your family and your very sense of being in the process. You have given up everything for the survival of humanity. You Castiel, are the Paragon of Freedom."
He felt the same. Call it morbid curiosity or an unreasonable hope, Sam had to know what had become of his home. Sure Harbinger had shown them back on Earth-38, although in the heat of the moment he hadn’t processed much of what he’d seen. Was it only Earth that was gone? The whole solar system? Everything? Sam had a hard time wrapping his head around that level of destruction.
“He was a good man.” Cas grunted, taking his share of whisky, holding his glass aloft.
Instantly Cas was across the room, angel blade at the ready before Sam or Kara could do anything.
Cas, as the only angel present and the sigil having been meant for angels in the first place, took the full brunt of the blast. He wavered on his feet as J'onn helped him up.
“Sprock!” Brainy’s sudden shout made everyone jump and whip their heads in his direction.
Alex and Claire noticed she’d stopped paying attention and carefully nudged her.
Luthor held up his hands in surrender.
“A what?”
“I enlisted the assistance of Felicity Smoak, who earned the wisdom of a second book.” The Monitor answered Dean’s question as a teacher would to a misbehaving child.
"My Earth is already gone!" Cas had had enough, his shout came out as a screech. His true voice leaked through a little causing the windows on the vehicles surrounding the four to rattle and the nearest windshield to crack, little hairline fractures spreading across the smooth surface like veins.
"Yeah pretty much." Dean's scowl was forceful enough to make the speedster retreat back to his corner with the other visitors.
“What happened to our Earth?” Mary asked, she remembered the rumbling and feeling like Jody’s house was going to fly apart. And the bright white light that hurt to look at.
Earth 99
Cas paused and walked backwards until he saw the bald and heavily muscled man he, Kara and the Winchesters had met when first boarding the Waverider. Inside the open door was a bedroom full of old Roman armor and guns of every kind. The man was currently sitting at a desk with an old typewriter writing away.
“Like that was easy?” Dean leaned over with a huff. Man, he was not as young as he used to be.
“One army. She said, ‘one army.’ It's more like ten!” Mia grit her teeth and readied her bow.
Dean lifted his gun and fired at his partner's face.
This Dean noted this and felt the tips of his ears burning red. Licking his lips he grunted out, “You know me,” He said with his cocky side smile that had earned him numerous phone numbers over the years.
Barry headed in first, coming to a stop and jumping back, knocking into Cas.
Night had come and gone and the caravan of vehicles were still on the move. The sky was just beginning to turn a dusty rose and the sun would be up soon. Cas found himself watching the sky with rapt attention and dread, any second the soft morning light could turn red. They were running out of time.
Even in a broken and old body the Dark Knight was as fast as ever. In a rotary motion Bruce logged a batarang in Dean’s arm just under where Cas’s scar used to be.
"Well," Lucifer took in Barry and J'onn, "Aren't you a surprise." Otherworldly power radiated off the angel. A bolt of lightening lit up the sky as Lucifer blinked.
The Monitor had none for her, “Your universe is no more.”
“Wait? Is that?” Claire said only now taking in Kara.
Not wanting to break the quiet Barry leaned in close and whispered, "What's happening?"
"You never even let me try."
Sam had to admit he felt more than a little touched at how quickly the Kryptonian had jumped to Dean’s defense. In the short time she’d known them she was fast becoming a friend. The only other individual who’d ever wormed their way into the Winchesters’ hearts this fast was a spunky little red head nerd. Sam’s heart gave a pang at Charlie’s memory and could only hope the same fate didn’t befall any of their new team members. Especially Kara, Sam’s brain tacked on.
Dean started down the hallway after Kate only making it halfway before pausing, shoulders hunched. Turing on his heel he stalked back to Cas and grabbed the angel in a bone crushing hug that rivaled their embrace in purgatory. Only this one was a thousand times better as the dang socially awkward angel actually hugged back.
The inner bowels of the sanatorium were devoid of all signs of life. The only evidence that anyone had been in the halls recently were the smoking bullet holes that gouged the concrete walls and floors.
“You know, there’s not usually this much talking in a fight.” Dean gutted another monster.
“It's ok,” Oliver smiled up at his oldest living friend, “Sara. This is my destiny.
Minutes ticked by and still nothing happened.
“You can’t just hijack the Waverider!” Ray’s protest echoed into the room followed shortly by the Monitor and Ray bounding behind him, “Our crew is still on there.”
“Dean,” Cas began but stopped when Dean held up a hand.
“Thanks.” Dean grunted his thanks.
"Where are we? What's going on?" The gunman stalked up to the woman in blue, cradling his burnt hand to his chest. The taller man kept close behind him, acting as a shadow.
The batarang had been left in Dean's arm until they got back to the Waverider. Kate dabbed alcohol around the blade, working quickly, but not quickly enough for Dean's tastes.
“You take care of yourself, you hear.”
Kate was the first to speak after Cas’s unexpected outburst, “I though Angels were supposed to work for heaven.”
Perhaps the only one in the room who utterly understood that that meant was Cas, having been created nearly all the way at the beginning. He remembered the edges of the universe as existence spread outwards. He remembered the darkness, the hollow dread that emptiness filled him with even as a young seraph. As each universe becomes consumed that empty will rush inwards again, clawing to have its rightful place back. Cas shivered, the Winchester brothers noticing his unease. Dean placed a hand on his shoulder and Cas nodded at him.
“I know,” Harbinger cut her off gently, “I just don’t know how to tell him.”
Pissed that he was being told to sit out a mission Dean snapped back at the celestial being, “Where’d you cook up these crazy theories anyway?”
“Oli did it for me,” Sara sighed, the hard lines of her face that she wore like a battle mask since Oliver died softened around the edges, “He went into purgatory and pulled me out. And maybe I was better off where I was. Who knows? My memories from right before he pulled my soul out are hazy... but I think I was in heaven. I know that I was happy. But if I’d have stayed gone there’s so much I would have missed. I didn’t truly begin to live my life until after I died. I owe Oli for that.”
"Sammy, you even listening to me?" Dean Winchester had been going on about their current hunt. The Devil was missing. Again. The slick little bastard just never could seem to stay gone. And the brothers nearly had him back in Hollywood. They had been so close and now Lucifer was in the wind, looking for a new vessel. Dean had just about had enough. Their mom was away, quote on quote finding herself again. Their resident Angel was in the back seat probably sending the King of Hell emoticons. And to top it all off his damn little brother was ignoring him.
"Uh yeah it kind of is."
A familiar sound fluttered behind him. Familiar, but one that he hadn’t heard in forever. Familiar in that is sent a warm shock of affection through his system and terrifying at the same time as it begged the question; How?
“I know you didn’t choose to be here,” Kara told them fondly, “but thank you.”
The wave then approached Earth-38. It was as if her throat was held in a vise and she was unable to look away. The only indicator the consul gave was a dull rumble as the planet was erased.
A self indulgent side grin slid over the warlock’s feature, “Do you want it to be eh?” He asked wagging his brows.
"Of course." Cas straightened his coat while Dean brushed dust off the angel's shoulders, something Cas would have informed him as unnecessary. About to tell him as much the angel's protest died in his throat at the look on his human's face. While Cas had been in no real danger, today's events were traumatic enough that Dean just needed reassurance that one of the few things left of his old life was still there. So Cas let Dean have this.
“Yeah and it was a real cake walk.” Dean’s voice dripped with sarcasm. Just thinking about the future that Zachariah had sent him to made him shudder. He especially felt sick at what had become of Sam and Cas. “I’ll go.” He volunteered, and Sam nodded with him. Dean rubbed a palm over his face, resigned to the fact that’d he would never truly escape Lucifer, Michael, or the hell they put his family through.
That was when footsteps echoed out of the tunnel leading to the entrance, “Seems you lost travelers have tied your horse to the wrong saloon.” A dark figure lumbered down the long corridor. Once the man came full into the light of the flickering torches illuminated his dusty long coat and worn cowboy hat. He lifted the tip of his hat allowing his face to at last be seen, “This mine is off limits.” His lips pulled back in a snarl.
Cas eyed his two favorite human’s with exasperation.
Bruce’s words hit a little to close to home for Dean. Wasn’t that exactly what he’d done when he’d met Cas. Sure it’d taken some time but something in him had made him trust the little nerdy angel. “I’ve dealt with my fair share of beings with extraordinary powers.” Dean squared his shoulders. “Some can be trusted,” he said thinking of Chuck, Garth, hell even Crowley had his moments.
Kara shook his hand. She didn't know what shocked her more, that this stranger from another world used her real name, or that he was being so kind after she'd pretty much attacked his brother, "Yes. And I'm sorry by the way." At his confusion, "For blasting your brother. Um. Mr. Winchester" She addressed the other hunter. "we can have our med bay take a look at your hand."
Kara’s mouth opened and closed and opened again, “Lena killed you!”
The little girl whimpered in Cas's arms and that small sound spurred him into action. With a nod to Barry and J'onn the three stepped into the breach which closed behind them with a blue zip, the anti-matter wave washing over the street where they'd just been standing seconds later.
"SAMMY!"
Whoever this man was Sam could tell he had a history with Kara, and if the fury spreading over her usually kind feature was any indication it was an ugly history.
Every second Sam spent with the Monitor the more he came to distrust the being, “So you can bring a murderer back to life, but you can’t bring back Oliver?” he said feeling his face heat up in anger.
“I’m sorry?” Barry asked, confusion flitting across the young man’s face.
Ray scanned the tower as Team Two approached it’s base, “Whatever is inside there, it's working. The anti-matter wave has stopped and it's slowly dissipating. How do we protect that thing from an enemy we know nothing about?”
And yes, Sam groaned inwardly, his man child brother was indeed bouncing on the balls of his feet like the twelve year old he never got to be. “Really Dean?” Sam asked exasperated, biting back a fond grin at his brother’s antics.
"Of course," He nodded, "We'll find that bouncing bundle of Kryptonain joy." Clutching his tablet close to his chest he bounded away towards his lab set up.
A demon collided with his back and sent him to the ground. The wind knocked out of his lungs and slightly dazed, it took all the Green Arrow’s strength to stand back up. Reaching behind to his quiver he felt nothing. And the demons kept coming. Dropping his bow to the ground he sized up his enemy.
"Kara I couldn't even get close to him," Barry swallowed around a sob, he was in pain, stressed, and hopeless, "All he did was snap his fingers and I was powerless." He threw his arm outwards, "How can we go up against beings like that? What chance do we have in this Crisis?"
Bruce glowered at Kate, “Clearly what you couldn't.
“We won't be able to power it definitely.” Clark warned.
Dean rolled back on his haunches and grabbed at his short hair.
A woman in blue appeared standing in the center of the DEO logo. Agents burst into action, surrounding the stranger on all sides.
Lucifer's eyes began to move.
“We have.” Dean grumbled.
Thunder boomed so loud it rattled the remaining glass in the shattered windows. Clouds rolled angrily and red swept across the sky chasing away the gloomy grey.
Author's Note: Wow! Thank you for all the kudos and support! This chapter may be one of the longest I've ever written. It was a lot of fun to explore Supernatural's "The End" from a different perspective and I hope you enjoy.
Dreamer pressed the com in her ear, “Right on time, J'onn. Are you ready to get this evacuation underway?”
"And now I'm powerless." The rage in Castiel's tone slowly bled out leaving only a sad human in its wake, "I'm hapless, I'm hopeless. I mean, why the hell not bury myself in women and decadence, right? It's the end, baby. That's what decadence is for. Why not bang a few gongs before the lights go out? But then that's, that's just how I roll."
"Please Dean." Cas pleaded once more.
Barry clasped his hands together, pressing the tips of his fingers to his mouth, and cautiously approached, "What is that?"
“Yes Dean,” And the hunter could practically feel Cas’s rolling his eyes, “I get the picture.”
And then Lucifer turned his back to Barry and J'onn. The millisecond that Lucifer turned away Barry made his decision. This was his chance, he had to act.
"I couldn't help but noticed your merry gang is down a Paragon too." Luthor quipped from his containment forcefield.
Kara ripped her glasses off. It took her a few moments and then, “There!” She shouted, pointing to the floor, “She’s down in the Batcave with Bruce.”
“Kara, Clark” Ray pulled up a holographic schematic of the tower, “your laser vision should be a compatible source to jump start the tower’s systems. Castiel?”
Claire and Alex converged on Kara. Mary took that opportunity to pull Jody and her boys, and yes Cas counted as one of her boys, to the side to talk.
Cas watched Oliver and Mia and he felt a twinge in his chest for another young woman with blonde hair. His vessel’s daughter had been on him mind often since the start of the crisis and, although not his own child, he wished more than anything he could have saved her.
“Kinda wish I could have done that,” Kara morosed.
Cas knew there were more people nearby, he could sense it. Even leaving those afflicted by the Croatoan virus to such a fate weighed heavily on him.
That car ended up being the one driven by Castiel. Barry had moved to enter the car with Dean but a low rumbling growl from the hunter had the speedster quickly retreating.
The sky turned from red to white. The wave was nearly upon the planet.
In regards to his question Cas answered with a small shrug, “Its just what I wear. I don’t believe we were properly introduced. I am Castiel.”
Kara squinted at the trio, shaking herself after a moment, "That wouldn't even hit the top ten strangest things I've seen."
Bruce slowly marched towards Kara, the gleam in his eye predatory, “Clark.” His spit the name out causing Kara to flinch, “Clark always said yes to anyone with a badge or a flag. He gave them too much power,” With each word the volume of his voice rose. “My parents taught me a very different lesson dying in the gutter. Life only makes sense if you force it to.” Suddenly his gloved hand wrapped itself around Kara neck and he heaved her upwards and threw her into Dean.
“Beings of the purest will, who can ultimately defeat the Anti-Monitor and help save the multiverse. They are known as Paragons.”
"In the beginning, there was only one...a single black empty. Then the empty found release and the darkness broke, filling it with life. With the Multiverse. Every existence multiplied by possibility and spread out before space and time in infinite measure. Civilizations rose and fell and rose again to cross reality's grasping expanse. Life, a precious gift persevering in the face of every obstacle, until finally, the age of Heroes and Hunters was born. Chaos, the constant enemy of life, kept at bay by champions from across the Multiverse. Joining forces to fight on behalf of all creation, they found each other just in time."
Dean was supposed to have left with Kate ten minutes ago. The mission should have had him excited. For goodness sakes he was about to meet the freakin Batman. His inner fangirl should have been loosing it, and yes Charlie had argued many and hour with him that his love of Batman was at a ‘fangirl’s’ level. But for all that Dean could only think about one thing at the moment. He’d lost his angel.
“That’s not what I…. Nevermind,” Barry shook his head with a chuckle, muttering about literal dudes with wings, “So where are we supposed to find this Paragon of Freedom?”
“Wait!”
"Are they friends of yours?" Cas asked.
“Our world wasn’t the only one to have refugees saved.”
“Castiel?” Barry’s grasp on his arm halted his retreat.
“What kind of talk is that from the Paragon of Hope?” Kate unzipped her jacket pocket and pulled up an extrapolator, “Come with me.”
Cas laughed, “Or a dick.”
“Ahem,” Kara took a step back and pushed off the ground with the tips of her toes. It was enough to send her ten-ish feet into the air where she hovered, laughing giddily with the teens before touching back down.
"Drive." Cas growled at Dean in his deep gravelly voice.
Harbinger waved at the screen and another a graphic of Earth appeared, "Earth 79 was destroyed by the anti-matter wave thirty minutes ago, right before the wave entered this universe and destroyed Argo."
Warmth spread through Cas’s chest as it did whenever one of the Winchester’s talked about him as part of their own family. Cas learned long ago that blood relations weren’t what really mattered. Sam was more a brother to Cas than any of the Angels in heaven ever were, “I will. Thank you, Sam. You take care of yourself as well.”
She didn't make it two steps towards the door. The glass surrounding the briefing room cracked and the floor rumbled before lurching underfoot, sending anyone not sitting to the ground.
The second Dean’s feet touched the ground he ran for a trash can, emptying the contents of his stomach. Cas stood by his side and sympathetically patted his back. Once his stomach finished attempting to vacate his body Dean righted himself and wiped a disgusted hand across his mouth, “Man I thought that would be easier than planes. Its worse.”
"It had to be done!"
Earth-14 Castiel beamed at the three visitors, his attention drawn understandably to the near mirror image of himself, “Hey,” He walked closer and poked Cas in the chest, “You’re me, but you’re not me! Woah.”
Cas felt the Martian's presence graze over his mind and spread outwards.
As the three passed an alley way they found corpses that had been piled up. Clearly someone had tried to burn the bodies. Barry paused and gulped at the sight, calling to mind his time under the thrall of Bloodwork and how close Central City come to devastation like this, then noticing the others had continued onwards he raced to catch up.
“What about this Earth’s heaven? Sam asked, leaning his elbows on his knees.
Yes, their lives were in a constant state of crisis and fighting, but every once in a while there were these moments. Moments when the three of them could just breathe and be a family. And like every one of those moments that Dean loved so much it ended far too soon.
"And what about our Earth?" Dean asked, pushing himself off the wall.
“The wrong hero.” Barry growled out while pacing in agitation.
“But I,” Kara began.
“You got it.”
“Kate’s right.” Sam said placing his palms against the tables surface as if the table alone could give him strength to keep standing, “I’ve been fighting for so long I literally can’t remember a time before. When I was a baby a demon murdered my mother…”
"And if we are going to be working to together," Batwoman slid off her cowl, "I guess you should all just call me Kate."
Harbinger only raised her eyebrow, “First we focus on stopping it from happening to every other universe.”
Cas pressed his lips together, considering his next course of action, "J'onn, Barry. I'll meet you outside."
"We have to get in there!" Barry was vibrating with anticipation, ready to super speed away.
"Cause after a few years of this, I know. I started seeing symptoms about a half an hour ago. Wasn't gonna be long before he flipped. I didn't see the point in troubling a good man with bad news."
He only looked down in shame, “Once upon a time, not anymore. Now, I'm simply a man serving his penance.”
Dean whipped the car around and floored it. "There!" Dean saw a rickety barn no less than a mile away, "We get inside and throw up every damn sigil we know." Dean somehow pressed the gas closer to the floor knowing that his car wouldn't be fast enough. In the rearview mirror the light wave was descending fast and its roar was deafening, "Cas, I know you don't have much mojo in those wings but you gotta try something. Get us out of here!"
Sara tugged him closer, “I need to hear you say it.”
Passing by an empty gas station J’onn pointed at a word scrawled across the ruins in red. Blood or paint? Who knew. “Croatoan? As in…”
"Wow." Barry smirked, glad to see someone was as pissed off as he was with the hunter, "Kinda wish I did that." He whispered to Cas.
Once they were out of earshot of the others Cas's shoulders tensed, coiled like a snake ready to strike and he turned around, "Why are you lying to these people?" He threw the accusation at the hunter.
“It wasn’t so different from growing up on Earth, honestly. Except of course for the red sun. Oh when the light would hit the jewel mountains it would set the whole city ablaze in glittering light,” As Kara spoke she was faraway, the memory a happy one. “My mother would gather me up in blankets and we’d just sit and look out my bedroom window. She said Rao, our god, had placed the mountains there as reminder that long before we were born and long after we are gone they will still be standing. They were a reminder that no matter how bad we though it could get they would always be there to lean on when things got hard.”
Constantine flawed his jaw as he considered the notion, “Ah it’s possible. I should be sensing…”
Harbinger broke it down for everyone, "Meaning it's the only thing that can save the people of this world."
A breach appeared depositing J'onn, and limping Barry and Cas. On the other side of the portal where they'd just came from could be seen the camp down in Central City. The three waved at the people behind them, one child in particular watching Cas with rapt attention, then the breach closed.
"Of course I do. I was there." Cas flexed his jaw. With the mortals forgotten for the moment, Cas sent out a silent plea to J'onn to check on Barry.
Sam found that for someone who contained so much ground-shattering power and strength Kara sounded so small and vulnerable at this moment. “Me neither,” Sam felt pinpricks at the corner of his eyes. Clearing his throat he composed himself and brushed his hand over the readout of Argo city, “This is where you grew up?”
“Last I heard Alex as working with her to build the portal to Earth 1.” Sam glanced around. The city had quite literally emptied itself into the streets. It was one thing to talk about evacuating the city, it was another to be right in the thick of it. Sam tried to keep the despair and doom growing in his gut from taking over, “There’s so many, how are we going to get enough ships for everyone.”
“Yes,” J’onn picked up here he left off, ignoring Deans outburst. “In this reality the white martians were driven off Mars decades ago. I communicated with the head of the green martian’s government and she was willing to open relations with this earth’s president.”
“Dad.” Mia lifted her head from his chest and met his unfocused gaze.
Soon it was Sam’s turn to fan-girl out. When they all reached the bridge Dean had to physically drag Sam away from the main consul. Sam’s fingers had been itching to check out the technology. Dean was all kinds of thrilled that his little brother had his nerd interest back, don’t get him wrong. But knowing the Winchester’s luck Dean figured Sam would end up accidentally initiating a self destruct or something.
"How?" J'onn asked.
Cas still felt hopelessly drained after that last blast but nodded none the less, “I can try.” He tried to ignore Dean’s glowering gaze that he felt burning into the back of his head. Only Dean really knew how weak he was currently. But at this point Dean should have accepted Cas’s self sacrificing habits. After all his Father knows how often he sacrificed himself for the Winchester’s.
"I'm not stitching you up," Kate shoved a finger in Dean's face and tossed the gauze she'd had at the ready onto the cart.
In the center of the room surrounded by half a dozen women was a barefooted and quite filthy Castiel. His hair was unkempt and could use a cut, and honestly a wash, and he sported a splotchy beard. As Castiel brought his mediation session to a close and leaned in towards the women, “I’ll be with you in a minute. Why not go get washed up for the orgy?”
The ground lurched violently underfoot sending most to the ground.
Sara, Lois and Brainy teleported in. Clark left Kara’s side to take his son into his arms and pull his wife close.
“But you want to be.” When Cas failed to break out the stony expression he seemed to have locked into Barry continued, “Cas I know you don’t know me, and I don’t you but we need to have clear heads going forwards. I saw. You nearly shut down when this Earth’s Dean yelled at you. This is incredibly dangerous.”
"The rest of the angels just left this Earth." Cas said feeling a hole where the voices of the angels usually sat in his head. Now there was only silence. They just abandoned their Father's creation. How could they?
“How about with a little more conviction.” Sam snapped.
“Me!” Dean’s rather loud shout cut through the thick tension on the bridge like a knife.
Reaching over Dean snatched up Sam's phone, "An analysis on thirteen century tapestry making." In playful disgust he tossed the device back to his scowling little brother.
"Damn it." Dean glowered, lips turned up in a snarl and dropping the hand with the gun to his side.
"It can happen a number of ways," Cas explained, his gaze not leaving the road, "When I fell a few years ago my grace was cut out by another angel." That memory was still raw and the only way he got through speaking about it was to talk in an almost clinical, detached manner, "We can also remove our grace ourselves a be reborn as infant humans."
“An Earthquake that magnitude could overwhelm the entire coast.” Ray worried, he pulled up a holographic display of the US and red quake epicenters spread out all along the western side of the country.
Sam froze, bracing for the painful impact. Spirals of blue light collided with the debris which pulverized it into harmless pebbles that hardly hurt when they hit his head.
“No! Go.” Sam hauled the man forward.
And not just there. Parking lots outside of shops and offices filled with their employees while school yards filled with children. And buzzing in the air around the city like huge insects were hundreds of ships, none looking quite like the other. Each clearly built by a different race and culture and all heeding the call to unite to save the planet’s inhabitants.
"You find this funny?" Cas shot a look at the crazed man.
Sam beamed up at her while Dean tried to play it cool.
“You have all lost a great hero.” The Monitor intoned.
Cas's arm shot out and clamped down on his arm like a steel cable, "I could have healed him Dean!"
The torches set up around the pit set the shadows flickering around the four into sharp contrast. They carefully lifted Oliver’s body on a makeshift stretcher. Each held on tight to a rope attached at each corner and they lowered him into the pool, taking great care not to get any water on themselves.
“I will.”
Distracted as they were no one had noticed what had transpired outside until Mia spoke up, "Ah, what are we going to do about this new problem?" She stared wide eyed at the brown and gold gargantuan spire that had been the cause of the earthquake as it erupted from the ground. It shoved its way upwards, cracking the ground apart.
“Do I wanna know?” Oliver went high with his arrows while Dean went low.
Cas stood in one fluid movement, his jaw clenched tight, "Dean, I need to speak with you." He titled his head to the back of the parking lot, and Barry and J'onn followed. He heard Dean's shoes crunching against the gravel and broken glass indicating that he was bringing up the rear. Cas didn't look behind him, if had he would had seen Dean take a duffle from one of his men and loop the strap across his chest, situating the bag so that one side remained concealed.
“Cas take care of yourself. We don’t have many family left.”
“Hey Cas, any chatter from Heaven?” Dean asked while throwing back his shot.
“When I said I died before, this,” Sara jerked her chin over her shoulder to the pit behind the two, “is how Oli brought me back.”
Kate and Kara stood on one side of Sara while the Winchesters and Cas leaned against the counter on the other.
“Brought who here?”
Alex smoothly drew her weapon, "Face down on the floor. Now!"
“We're not gonna wait for Barry?” Kara hung her head morosely. If anybody should be here it should be him, he was after all Oliver’s closest friend besides Diggle.
“Ok,” Sam held his hand out in a stopping motion, “I’ll chaperone you two later now…What is this?”
Dreamer nodded.
Barry was angry, “Paragons? And you're just dropping this on us now?”
"That family." Sam gulped.
"Wait that can happen?" Barry said taken aback.
"Kara Zor-el. Right?" Sam approached Kara, hand outwards to shake.
“I have 5. Kara Zor-El,” The Monitor turned fully to Kara, who took a cautious step back at the attention, “despite all you have endured, you are the Paragon of Hope.”
Sara shoved him to the ground. As he began to sit up Sara balled up her fist and knocked him across the jaw and thus it was lights out for the old sheriff.
All that were left were Oliver, Dean and Cas. They closed ranks. Oliver knelt, dealing out arrows while the hunter and angel cut and stabbed.
“Nothing.” Dean scoffed, but Sam’s bitch face wasn’t letting up, “It’s just funny seeing a giant being carried by someone so tiny.”
“Dean,” Cas grew impatient and yanked hard on his cuffs, pulling up short when they didn’t break.
“Hmmm,” and a narrowing of her eyes was Kate’s only response.
"Oh shit!" Dean's eyebrows flew up into his hairline as he hadn't caught who the man was when he first entered the lab. Though he'd had a batarang sticking out of him so he could be excused for not paying attention, for crying out loud.
"How do you know I can't?" Dean scoffed.
Ignoring the hurtful way the new Cas was staring at him, Dean firmly turned his back to the angel and addressed his soldiers, " I'm not gonna lie to you. All of them—It's a pretty messed-up situation we got going. But believe me, when you need to know something, you will know it. Until then, we all have work to do." When that didn't spur anyone into immediately action Dean slammed the car door shut, "Get moving!"
“No, I don’t think you do.”
Another plowed right into Dean, disarming him of his knife and in the same motion knocked Cas off his feet.
"My name is Castiel."
Dean opened his mouth to throw something back but closed it when the angel’s serious face broke and mirth leaked through.
Cas had had enough, "Pull over." He ordered Castiel, the gravel in his voice becoming more pronounced, "I'm driving."
“I don’t know.” Lois grimaced and passed the baby to Kara. Kara’s face lit up as the baby quieted and plopped a hand on her cheek.
Dean cushioned her fall and rolled her shoulders up, stunned at the ease Batman used to strike Kara. Concern flooded through him when the kryptonian trembled and collapsed against him. Green glowing veins snaked across her neck and face. The hunter immediately recognized what was happening and knew they were in trouble.
"It's Dean. And it's fine. Probably would have done the same thing." Dean waved off her apology.
Cas gave a long suffering sigh, meeting Cas's questioning gaze before responding, "Of course. But what about them?"
“We’ve been fighting so long,” Dean ran a palm over his face, “Its so easy to forget why.”
Except for Sara who was no where to be seen. There had been mention of her trying to find a way to bring back Oliver.
“I get that. I really do. I came back soulless once and my brother didn’t stop until he put me back together. My brother and I should have stayed dead a dozen times over but we can’t let each other go.” Sam leaned back on his haunches, “And after all this time perhaps we should. There’s always consequences for playing with death. We have to think about the consequences of bringing Oliver back.”
Clark stepped forward, “I’m going to fly around to New York, Gotham, Star City and the other cities that have camps. If only to reassure the people that they are safe here.”
“What are you doing?” Kara snapped, still stunned.
Lois slipped her hand into her husbands, "We don't know where it landed, or even if it did."
“He’s hurting. Right now the last thing he needs is more self-destructive behavior.” J’onn solemnly. “I’m going to run a perimeter check,” He took in the fallen angel on the couch, feeling deep sympathy for the lost man and left with a sigh.
Dean nearly swerved the impala off the road, "Cas!"
“Saved?” Kara searched his face for answers, for hope.
Kata nodded in agreement, “I'm fighting for a chance to make it right, and this fourth Paragon, my cousin Bruce on another Earth, finding him might help me get that chance.”
Dean and Cas shared a look, ‘Well we can say from experience that death isn’t always the end of it.”
"I can sense people still in the city." J'onn reported, his gaze looking far into the distance at the ruins of the small city.
Dean helped Cas to his feet and before the angel could get his bearing the hunter crushed him in a hug, “Don’t do that again ever. And you,” He shouted at Kara over Cas’s shoulder. She blanched, thinking she was about to be scolded, “Thank you.” Dean blurted out, staying her fears and she nodded at Dean who returned the gesture and pulled Cas closer.
Harbinger sprung into existence right next to Dean.
“Ray!” Dean growled at the hero that was far too chipper for Dean’s tastes.
The three said nothing as they hurriedly made their way into the center of the complex. At last the corridor opened up into a spacious yard that would have been beautiful in another time.
Over the coms Barry reported, "I've got Risa and few other survivors, but Cas."
The father didn’t have time to protest as the ships hatch shut tight and it shot skyward. Sam was left standing alone in the deserted city.
“I don't think he's ready to say good-bye.” Kate still hadn’t picked up her glass.
Turning towards Oliver the Monitor suddenly had an electrified arrow in his chest. Momentarily stunned he dropped to his knees.
At last, he peeled back the last bit of paper. Nestled among the news stories of death and ruin was a tarnished old revolver, all cylinders empty, save one.
“I don’t know what you mean.” Cas’s face was the perfect image of innocence.
Kara let out a strangled gasp, pulling back, “You did this? You brought that poisonous snake back?” She pointed accusingly at Lex, her whole hand shaking.
Author's Note: I do not own anything under the purview of the CW. This story came to me while watching Crisis on Infinite Earths while wishing for a better ending to Supernatural and this fic was born. In terms of timelines this story takes place towards the beginning of Supernatural Season 12 and disregards anything after 12X07, baring a few ideas. Pretty much ignoring most of season 14 and 15. Evil Chuck won't be a thing here. This fic is purely for fun and if you have any comments or requests feel free to send them my way. I love to hear from you. Please feed your fic writers :) Slow burn Destiel endgame.
Mia had not moved an inch from where she’d knelt at the side of the pit. Frustrated she threw herself into a standing position, “It's not working.” She snapped at Sara.
"They…aren't saying… anything," the angel forced out reply.
With Dean off on Earth-99 and Sam now on his mission there was only one thing to do. Cas pulled out the extrapolator that Kara had given him and headed down to the cargo hold. The Paragon of Freedom wasn’t going to find itself. Cas just wished he could kick the sinking feeling in his vessel’s gut that said things were about to go terribly, horribly wrong.
"Ahh!" Dean grunted in pain when his skull bounced off the side of the wall.
Kara and Kata exchanged startled looks. Heaven? Of course, how could they have forgotten that the unassuming guy having drinks with them was a real honest to God Angel.
Oliver clenched his jaw, "So you're the Constantine's of your Earth?"
"I need to call the president." Alex headed to the door, "There needs to be a contingency plan in place. Until then Brainy's algorithm will help forecast exactly how much time we have until the antimatter wave hits." Alex sucked in a huge breath, steeling herself.
Cas didn’t even get close to touching him before Dean flinched back, “Don’t.” Dean’s face was open and vulnerable, completely unguarded and Cas caught a glimpse of his Dean. He looked like he wanted nothing more than to let Cas in, but then in an instant his expression closed off again. The change was so quick and sudden that it would have been missed if not witnessed by three superhuman individuals, “Just don’t Cas.”
Cas gasped and threw his arms down. Dean, who had been hovering as close to Cas as the front seat would allow him, pressed his back against the steering wheel. Why? Castiel's eyes were glowing, no blazing the bright blue of angel grace. The hunter even thought he could hear Cas's wings rusting in agitation. And on the angel's face was abject fear. Fear he hadn't even seen when they'd faced Lucifer or the Darkness. Fear that Cas only showed when the two humans closest to him were about to die.
The six or seven women got to their feet and headed out, arms brushing over the seated Castiel as they passed him by. He gripped a few of their fingers before letting them go, “You're all so beautiful.”
Dean was the first to emerge from the lead jeep followed by another young man on the passenger side. Dean reached back into the open car door and grabbed two beers, cracking one for himself, and throwing the other to his partner.
The air filled with arrows, lasers and bataragnes. One demon was about to get the drop on Ray when a serrated knife pieced its chest, orange light flickered behind its eyes and it exploded revealing Dean wielding the blade.
"Ow, careful will-ya." Dean winced, "At least it was a batarang, so I can cross that off the bucket list." His attempt at humor fell flat, he knew it. His smile faded and his expression turned somber. For Dean, he now had no hope any of them would make it out of this Crisis alive.
“Thank you.” Mia smiled fainty at Cas and let her head fall onto her father’s chest. Sobs wracked her shoulders. Barry rubbed her back.
“There must be a reason why the Monitor sent us here.” Cas explained, “I believe the Paragon to be this reality’s Dean Winchester. He refused to follow Heaven’s plan for him. It was the ultimate act of free will. To refuse Michael even after all this loss and devastation, it show’s true conviction.”
"I fail to see how the ancient city pertains to anything of import," Cas again squinted, and Kara wondered if he needed glasses or something.
Sam acknowledged the brit with a nod and tensed for Oliver’s body to make another go at them. But it never came.
Earth 14
The woman only calmly upturned her hands and eight pillars of light erupted and faded away to reveal people.
“What?” Barry stopped at the angel’s side, confused over his outburst, “Its just a car?”
“You shut your trap,” Mick shouted at the ceiling, “I’m a serious author.”
Cas turned to address the whole group, knowing her would need to explain, “Heaven and Hell exist outside time and space and are infinite and all encompassing. They may be multiple versions of the same people, demons, or angels but they all converge in the same place after death . Perhaps the only good thing about this is when Death reaps the Earths the heavens of those people will be safe.”
“You really think he can do it.” Sam asked.
The hazel orbs impossibly followed Barry's trajectory. Barry felt his stomach drop. What the hell?
Dean paused while the others strode on ahead. He watched the back of his closest companion as the angel walked into the tower with purpose. It was jarring to hear Cas referred to as a heavy hitter alongside the likes of Supergirl and the Flash. Somehow in the last few years he’d forgotten that this unassuming shell of man was not really who Cas was. Cas, no Castiel. Castiel was an ancient and powerful comic wavelength that had for some reason chosen to fight along side him and his Sam. Dean vowed to make sure the angel knew how much that meant to him, if they managed to live through the next twenty minutes.
“I have already made contact with the martians of this universe.”
Passing a particular cabin Cas paused, sensing a familiar presence within. He tilted his head, indicating the cabin’s door and the three went inside.
At this Constantine attempted to make a hasty exit as well but Sara grabbed a hold of his coat, “We can't screw this up, okay?” She tightened her grip, “When we bring Oliver back, I need you to promise me you can bring back his soul.”
Cas readied the angel blade Sam had given him. He wondered to himself, glancing over at the young woman who shattered his original blade without lifting a finger. Would the angelic weapon be of any use in the coming battle? Would he?
Kate glanced at Kara, then Sam, then back to Kara. Rolling her eyes good naturedly she stepped between the two, grabbed Kara’s arm and dragged her towards the door, “Ok. Come on. Let's go save the universe. Then you can get back to your boyfriend.”
"Who is this irritating man?" Cas squinted at him over Dean's shoulder.
Too quickly they were becoming overwhelmed. One demon flew straight into Oliver’s chest, knocking him to the ground.
Sam flinched, water sprayed into his face and the body landed on the balls of its feet. A feat that should have been impossible.
"Dean you can't shoot lasers out of your eyes." Cas admonished the hunter.
"Well you shouldn't have done that." Dean shoved angrily at the angel's chest, lot of good it did as his blow bounced right off, "Everyone around me dies, I've just stopped fighting that fact."
The jostling of the jeep had it's occupants grabbing at the door handles and bracing their arms against the interior to keep from being thrown about.
“Kate.” Dean prodded.
And waited.
“I know I’m a sore loser.” Sara said after a pause, “I’m the captain of a freakin time ship. Any death I can go back and change’; the teammates I’ve lost, my father,” she choked up a bit,” my sister. I have the power to go back and change their fates and I think about it, oh, all the time. But I don’t because history is so fragile. This time its too much. I just can’t lose him too.”
A ship, all smooth lines and sleek white metal the size of several of the city’s biggest skyscrapers hovered and came to a stop overhead.
Cas wasn't sure how to feel about that. He'd died so many times over the years. He mourned that this Castiel never really had a chance.
Sam and Kara whirled around.
“Yes. Dean and Sam were predestined since birth to be the vessels of both Michael and Lucifer. To be their swords in the final battle that would defeat hell and create peace on Earth.” Cas said and made his way across.
“Look,” Kate’s face pinched in pain before deciding to be vulnerable for the first time in a long time, “A day ago, I didn't think my life could get any worse. My sister murdered my stepmom and framed my dad for it.”
Kate agreed, “Anyone else wishing they'd done that shot?”
Barry knocked out most of the next wave with his speed punches and zapped to a stop beside Dean, “Is that it?”
“Alright. Who wants to meet Batman?” Kate crossed her arms with a smirk.
Cas narrowed his eyes at the warlock in a silent dare.
A green portal sprang to life and a man appeared in a green suit and cape.
Another gunshot rang out so close to Barry that he flinched and clamped his hands over his ears. Barry heard a body drop to the ground directly behind him.
An old reporter sits upon a bench on Earth 89, the silhouette of a bat hanging in the ruby skies above. He whispers under his breath the wish that the old crusader is watching over the city. But this time the dawn will be darker than the night.
"So, that's it? That's the Colt?" She indicated the gun placed in a place of honor at the head of the table. Her tone was strictly business, whatever interpersonal conflict she'd had with Dean was swept to the side.
Mia disappeared into a portal beside him. While the Green Arrow kept battling the creatures. “Oliver!” Barry cried reaching for his friend. He didn’t make it a step forward before he was gone too.
Sara held her glass up, “Oliver died the way he lived, a hero.” And she downed it in one go followed suit by Dean and Cas. Glasses hit the table with a bang.
Waiting.
“What happened?” Barry asked.
The early morning sky, usually a turning soft lavender or pale blue around this time of day was blood red. And far in the distance a white wave of light was racing across the flat Californian plains.
The Monitor confirmed her suspicions, “Earth-99 exists in a future time where Bruce Wayne has dedicated himself, body and soul, to fighting crime.”
“My son.” Harbinger’s face pinched in worry and for the first time Sam and Dean saw that this woman was just as much an unwillingly participant caught up in all this as the rest of them.
"He's doing this!" J'onn felt the energy pouring off the angel, crackling angrily in the space around them.
Mia and Sara lit torches and jammed them into the ground around the pit.
"Because now, the entire Multiverse is about to come under attack."
“What did you need me for again?” Many aspects about this man Cas found wore on his patience. Not the least of which was his use of sorcery. Cas didn’t have a great track record with witches and magic of any sort. That, and no matter what Sara said about the man being a part of her team, Cas wasn’t any closer to trusting him. Also, Cas didn’t approve of smoking.
Barry furrowed his brows. What?
Uncomfortable now, Kara clasped her hands together and slowly eased further out onto the balcony. The warm open air was a fresh respite from the stifling room briefing room. “With everything that’s happened I bet no one had had a chance to check on you. You know, see how you are doing.”
"There's still so many left," Cas lamented. The small town had been almost emptied, the survivors now refugees on Earth 1. But what about the millions of others all across this Earth? It was too late.
Finally, Dean shook himself out of his stupor and yanked the door open. “That!”
Sam rolled his eyes, “Dude. She could pulverize you into dust if she wanted.”
Alex waved the android away, "Not now Brainy," At the same time the injured man rolled his eyes and muttered "Cas" under his breath,
The heroes sat around a table in the DEO"s briefing room with Cas between Lois and Kara while the two Winchester's leaned against the wall in the back. Oliver had to ignore all his training that screamed that these hunters were a threat.
"Cas" Dean yelled at the same time as Clark shouted, "Lois."
"Jerk." Sam side stepped him and again help his hand out.
And the dagger promptly shattered.
“Maybe I should take your temperature,” Cas reached for Dean’s face with one finger.
“Take if from someone who knows too many self-sacrificing martyrs.” Dean came around to her side, taking Kara glass and holding it until she took it from his hands, “He did it because he thought you were worth it.”
"Yeah well, terror is what's going to keep these people alive. And I'm no leader. I'm a killer." With that Dean pushed past Cas and Barry, stopping at the long table in the center of the cabin, and shoved down the zipper on his duffle back. From inside he ripped out a heavy package wrapped in yellowed newspaper.
The man easily snatched it out of the air and flipped its cap, taking in a big gulp. Dean did the same and hoisted his can in the air as a toast to a job well done. All around cheers erupted while more joined in.
MOM! Their mother only looked a few years older than Dean. Kara knew there had to be a story there.
'Jackson County Sanatorium. No Entry' read the sign hanging on for dear life by a single bolt on the wrought iron fence surrounding the sprawling complex. The building was still standing by the grace of God, or Chuck… whatever. The east and west wings had more or less collapsed over time.
"Cas?" Dean asked warily when the angel stepped away from his side.
With a glare Dean limped away rubbing his the now very sore spot on his leg. Oh please, Kara didn’t kick him that hard. At least she thought she didn’t. Oops, “Sorry.” She mouthed at the hunter who waved off her apology. Then to Luke, “Kate and I are still getting to know each other.” She said righting her glasses.
Thunder rumbled in the distance and the ground shook, crumbling a building and J'onn used his psychic abilities to shield a woman and her baby from the debris.
"I don't understand."
Wearily she raised her head from her work, “Hi Sam,” a small smile pulling at her lips as he came into view.
“How about, like, a little hint?” Louis pinched her fingers together emphasizing the “little” of her question.
"Barry, I think its time we do something, and fast." Cas held his hand out, "Give me the extrapolator.
“This is a highway!” Barry exclaimed spinning around. Now he could see it, a semi straight line of cars spread out both in front and behind them. Both lanes were taken up by vehicles heading in the same direction. At some point they must have crossed out of the trial they’d been following but he couldn’t pinpoint exactly when.
Small little figures, a family, fleeing the structure ran down the road towards the impala.
“I learned from the best.” Mia tilted her head at her father warmly.
“Across space and time exist 8 heroes, beings of the purest will who can ultimately…” A loud shriek interrupted him again.
Cas blinked and he was alone again, in more ways than one.
While Bruce took Kate into his library Luke lead Kara and Dean into a little off shoot of a room. Warily Luke holstered his gun in his waistband, “How did you two say you knew Kate?”
“There are not many humans left alive on this planet. There’s only so many places they could be. My Dean mentioned there was an encampment not far from the outskirts of the city. But we must be wary. The infected are everywhere.” Cas replied.
Shocked, Sam looked to the origin of the light spirals.
“We are well and truly Bolloxed.” The brit said with wide eyes, “So many Earths already gone, and more vanishing as we speak,” Constantine pinched his brows even tighter in concentration. “Resurecte incursus diabolica.” The glowing galaxies hovering in between Constantine’s hands glowed brighter.
There was a woosh in the air and people glanced upwards, cheering when they saw familiar red and blue blurs streaking across the sky.
"You, the Earth-14 you." Cas heard Barry's voice hitch over the comms, "He's gone."
After a few hours Castiel woke up from where he'd been placed after J'onn knocked him out. The man was pissed that he'd missed out on the ladies and had since given Barry and Cas the silent treatment. J'onn had returned shortly after. With Dean being gone, and thus their lead on the Paragon of Freedom, all the three could do for now was to wait until the hunter returned. That, and attempt to avoid the death glares Castiel was sending their way after he'd found out Barry had dumped all his whisky.
J’onn exited one on the larger tents with Dreamer, having psychically sensed the arrival of the supers and the hunters.
But as fast as Batman was, he was no match for a Batwoman twenty years his junior. Going high she landed a kick directly to his chest.
“Jody!” Sam broke away from his mother and grabbed her and the two girls into a hug.
Cas grunted in discomfort and Dean pulled away, “Cas?”
Luthor’s lips turned up as he took in Sam’s beat-up jeans and worn red flannel, clearly unimpressed, “I’m sorry. You are?”
“Yes,” Cas stepped forward.
Sam and Dean jumped when Batwoman turned her fiery gaze on them, “I take it you already knew about that.”
"Well done. You have succeeded in finding the Paragon of Truth." The Monitor said to the two supermen standing in Ray's lab. "Lex Luthor played his role." Luthor pulled up his suit jacked in a mock curtsy from inside his containment field, "He led you to him."
The guy raised his eyebrow, “Yeah no,” and promptly shut the door in their faces.
“I'll find him.” Clark announced and Lois laced her arm through his.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Cas wrapped a hand around J'onn's bicep, "J'onn, put him down."
“The Tome of the Guardians.” The Monitor announced.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Can you do what you did before when you blew away the demons, but direct it into the tower’s power cells?” Ray held his palm out in an imitation of how Cas had smote the creatures.
Slowly the terrain changed. The trees began to thin out. Junked cars and other vehicles, some military, were crashed or parked all over. Barry felt the ground change under his feet and he looked down. There was concrete underfoot and a faded yellow line.
Dean leaned in close to Sam, “He’s just making these names up.”
The sound of pills rattling in a bottle diverted his attention from the sky. Really? Now of all times? "No." He said firmly and plucked the bottle out of Castiel's fumbling hands.
Constantine pulled the cigarettes out of his mouth, holding two in each hand, “Simmer down, speedy, “ He said with an air of hoityness, talking as a teacher would to a very very small child. “This is the spell.”
"I would've said the same about laser eyeballs" Dean threw up his hands in Kara's direction, "but here we go."
“Was wondering when you boys were gonna show up.” Another woman walked up with two girls, one with long dark hair and the other with blonde, tucked under her arms.
Ray's face fell, "None of them. That's us, this ship." He dropped the device to the tabletop, defeated, "Apparently, there are still a few bugs."
“Thank you. Sam,” Kara didn’t know what came over her when she lightly took his hand and gave it a gentle squeeze, “you helped a lot of people get onto ships in National City, I know they’d be glad to see your face.”
“Hi,” Sam came to a stop and peered over her shoulder, “Kate was looking for you.”
"Because not all of us left our artistic tastes in the 1980's." Sam smiled, "Jerk."
Dean snorted derisively and glared at Kara. Something shifted in his gaze when his eyes traveled down to the symbol on her chest. It would have been comical how his eyes bugged out of his head if not for the present danger racing towards them all. Dean started lightly slapping on his brother's arm and Sam slapped his hand away, not wanting to be distracted.
"Crawling with Croats, yeah. You saying my plan is reckless?" Dean crossed his arms as a dare.
“I don't know what happened to you, Bruce, but it ends now!” Kate jumped to her feet.
“Take cover!” Oliver yelled.
Sam had taken up pacing back and forth across the cavern. This waiting was grating. “Is this supposed to be an instantaneous thing or…?”
“Guess you were gonna get this scar eventually, Hex.” And Sara began to cut across his mouth.
“No,” Sam shook his head, “Now the world we’ve died for is gone and I don’t know what to do except to keep going. Keep fighting for the change to make it right.”
"I don't know." Cas began.
“Hey!” A gruff voice shouted from the mess’s entrance.
Instantaneously J’onn was in front of Dean. He clamped down on the gun, ripping it out of the human’s grasp and tossed it effortlessly aside, “This will not be pleasant, but it is the easiest way,” J’onn lifted his fingers to Dean’s forehead.
“Ah right, Supergirl” Sam gestured at her, “This is our Mother, Mary Winchester.” Their mother waved, still a little awestruck by the Kryptonian. “And this is Jody, Claire and Alex. Guys this is Supergirl, from Earth 38.”
“I am you,” Cas squinted at him, “From Earth-79. They are from other Earths as well.”
Baby Johnathan cried out in Clarks arms, “Sorry,” He whispered and handed his child to his wife who began lightly bouncing him.
“2019,” Barry answered causing the hunter to whirl around in his seat. At Dean’s sudden and intense attention the speedster pulled back, instantly regretting his outburst.
Seeing that J’onn had broken out Barry figured there was no point in staying tied up anymore. He vibrated his arms and legs until the cuffs clanged to the floor. In a flash that Barry was by Cas’s side. Dean flinched at the lighting that suddenly filled the cabin.
Cas felt shame rise up in the back of his throat. Alastair had been so long ago from his point of view and so much had happened since then that Cas hadn't given the yellow eyed demon a thought in years. But it had been Cas's fault, he had forced Dean to pick up the torturers blade once more. Back then he'd been following Heavens orders. Now he couldn't comprehend how he'd allowed Dean to not only face his torturer, but force Dean to do the very thing he hated himself most for from his time in Hell. Now Cas was forced to view the consequences of his actions, to view a Dean who'd become cold and hard due to the way life had broken him.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Cas gasped and clutched his head in a death grip.
Lighting flashed, blinding the three, forcing them cover their eyes. When the light died down Lucifer was gone.
Cas’s face pinched in hurt before resolutely turning his face away.
"Because the multiverse is in danger," Harbinger placed her hands behind her back, standing tall and leveling the three with her clear gaze, "Because you are needed."
Sam glanced at Dean with a ‘what the hell’ frown. Dean just shrugged. Both were completely clueless as to what on earth a “Book of Destiny” was. At least it didn’t sound near as threatening as the “Book of the Damned” they’d dealt with, but then again you never know.
Harbinger bought up schematics of the tower while she explained, “At the dawn of time, the Monitor placed quantum towers on key Earths as a last line of defense. The red skies are dissipating, which means it's working.”
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
"Who are you?" Kara asked crossing her arms. "Why are they here?"
“What was your mission?” Kara wondered aloud.
"Harry Wells?" Kara gasped.
“Kara!” Sam called after her and made to follow but Luthor’s self-satisfied smirk halted his pursuit.
“Look at that kitchen,” Dean shouted into one of the open doorways, “it’s bigger than the one at our bunker!”
“A man who has given everything for the survival of mankind,” J’onn repeated the Monitor’s words.
"Great." Risa replied sarcastically and threw her arms up, "Have we got anything that can find Lucifer?"
A man in a white suit knelt in the rotten, over-grown garden. When Cas, Barry and J'onn skidded to a halt at the entrance he rose from his crouch to reveal Dean. The hunter was being pressed into the ground, the heel of the other man on his neck. Dean raised his gaze to Cas, full of regret and anguish. The man gave his heel a sharp twist. A loud crack reverberated through the garden and Dean's eyes slipped closed.
“Damnit.” Sara groaned.
Cas felt both the Martian’s and the Speedster’s gazes hard and fast on him. Unbidden he felt his face heat up.
Oliver charged Constantine and Sam had little time. He yanked the warlock back the scruff of his trench coat. He fell backwards and Oliver ran right past where he’d just been standing.
"We failed too." Barry limped across the lab, his legs still sore from the beating he took from Lucifer, and he sat down heavily on one of Ray's stools, "Earth 14 was just wiped out by the anti-matter wave." Everyone present fell into stunned silence when they heard this. Even with knowing that the Anti-Monitor was destroying Earth after Earth it was still jarring every time it happened, "That Earth's Dean," At this Dean's head sapped up, but he remained silent while Barry continued to explain, "The Paragon of Freedom. Lucifer killed him."
“Good luck.” And then Sam left the library.
“We have aliens?” Sam’s eyebrows disappeared into his hair.
Cas only shook his head, “I am sorry. My grace is all but gone.”
“Wait!” Dean’s eye bugged out of his head, “You’re saying that there are little green men up there too.” Dean pointed sky ward.
Ray pulled up the hologram of the tower, “You did it. The tower is working again, and the portal is open. Uh, but the ships better be fast.” The display of the antimatter wave was getting closer, “The Kryptonian-Angel charge didn't actually stop the wave, it just slowed it down. According to Brainy's algorithm, we have 14 minutes before it makes contact with Earth.”
“What were you doing?” Cas asked inducting with a tilt of his head at the typewriter.
Dean didn't rise to the bait, "Are you coming?"
Dean bit his lip and laughed humorlessly, “No see, you don’t get to say that to me.” He shoved a finger at Cas.
Cas tilted his head at the speedster, “Really, I thought it did.”
“Yes, I believe that was the language you humans call English.” Cas replied deadpan, to which Dean only rolled his eyes. Cas ignored him addressed Brainy and Harbinger, “This tower is able to prevent the destruction of this Earth? Yes?”
“Hi.” Kara waved a bit shyly.
Mia tittered on her feet, overwhelmed, “Okay. When Lyla said an army, I thought she meant an army.” She strung a bow an aimed at the oncoming armada.
Cas took a knee down next to Dean and gripped his shoulder, his hand wrapped around the very place he'd marked the human on his flight out of hell, "And if you are the Paragon we can't risk you."
Sam winced a bit as his knees cracked while taking a seat beside Sara.
Kate cleared her throat, "As fascinating as all this is aren't there more pressing issues right now?"
"Do it," Cas pressed the extrapolator and activated the portal to Earth-1, "We have to make sure no Croats make it though with them." Pressing a finger to his ear he called dover the Com's, "Barry."
Cas debated joining in on the conversation and ultimately decided he she should, he was leading the mission to Earth-14 after all, “Barry Allen, the Earth we are going to is in the midst of a war between heaven and hell. The apocalypse itself brought into reality. Who knows who or what we may encounter. I could use the fastest man alive at my side.”
“Wow.” Kate was taken aback, “That’s a really impressive six pack.”
A red blur zipped into the building and the incoming wave was exploded by the yellow lightning. Kara and Clark landed near bye with a loud thud. Kara blasting back the demon about to grab Cas with her heat vision.
“I’ll handle it.”
Oliver pulled back his bow string and aimed, “Don’t stop fighting until every last ship gets through.”
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Kara gulped, “Wow. That's dark, even for Gotham.”
Kara nodded and covered his hand with her own, “Of course. What about you?” Kara asked, brows furrowed.
“No,” The Monitor said firmly, flooring Dean and Sam, “The Winchester’s are on a different course.”
