"I'm not your boss, Clinton," Tony replies, and very much does not smile at Clint's Santa Claus hat.
"Because it goes with the season."
"Ruining companies that didn't treat them right."
"I don't believe you."
"I do too, sometimes," Steve admits, "not in the
"I'm not very nice nor festive," Tony argues and that makes Steve smile. Tony bites his bottom lip to not smile in response.
"Ugh, Clinton," Clint scratches his nose with the hand not holding a mug.
Tony turns and gives Jarvis a look. Jarvis returns the look. They don't blink for a minute but Tony, as always, ends up losing.
"I can always complain," Tony reasons, giving Steve back the coffee and moving away from him and the door. He doesn't want to but he has to. "Let's help Natasha with the kids."
Tony waits. A moment later, he hears steps and he turns to face the kitchen entrance.
"I could say it was the same for me, or that I've been waiting for this from day one, but I don't think so."
It makes Peter giggle, he's a kid in so many things, Tony can't believe someone said no to his face. The red and blue glitter shines on his cheek. Tony wonders if he can find the people who rejected Peter and burn their companies. Steve wouldn't approve, he would say that burning things isn't good, he would want to ruin them. Tony is okay with ruining them, too.
"Tony,"
"You make hardcore punk, Barton."
"Did you need anything?" Tony asks, when Clint just stays there, sipping from his mug.
"Huh?"
"He has a show in New York next week, so he'll be here," the one that answers is Steve, making Tony turn his head to look at him, which is distracting because he's barefoot and his socks have reindeer on them.
"With Corbin? Sure."
“Do you not need to cross yourself?” She inquired snidely.
"Charity. How did I know? It's not charity. You'd be surprised. Despite my sunny personality, just last month my godfather paralyzed me, stole the arc reactor and left me to die and before that he arranged to have me kidnapped and I ended up carrying a car battery hooked up to my heart through the desert of Afghanistan. There's also a lot of pressure and professional jealousy and I can't go everywhere as Iron Man. Hence, I need a bodyguard. You'd be perfect."
“And goodbye.”
"Not for my lack of trying," said Natasha. "Just take it, Bruce. We'll try everyone in this room just to rule them out and then we can think about whom we can possible have missed." Bruce shrugged and took the ball from her. Nothing.
"Don't."
"I don't know much. All he's said so far is that he's from Brooklyn and that he's been hitchhiking from somewhere east. He mentioned Hamburg and now he's heading to Rotterdam to earn some money. That's all I know."
At the end of the afternoon, at the point where Thistlethwaite had spent at least half an hour just regarding Steve and his new robes from every possible angle and making minute adjustments that only he could see, the door banged open.
“I'll take first watch. Go to sleep and I will wake you in a few hours.”
Steve blushed and looked down at his hands, which had a white knuckled grip on the railing. He hesitated so long that Tony had to fight down disappointment.
When they continue on their way he started talking about the time Bucky got caught stealing apples from a cart. When Tony hummed in acknowledgment, he kept talking, relating the shenanigans the two of them got up to during the Depression. They were happy memories and they took his mind off the miles that passed under his feet. After the next time they had to stop, because Tony was starting to lose sensation in his hands and feet and Steve had to rub them to keep the circulation going, he started talking about how his mother used to do that for him and then he found he couldn't stop. He talked about their moldy apartment, her struggles to make ends meet, her death, the orphanage, his frustrations with his frail body. He talked about how lost he had felt since he woke up from the ice, and how much worse it was when he got transferred here. He talked until the sun was low in the sky and he had to start looking for an empty house to stay the night in.
-two-three
“It's a security clearance thing. Apparently he is the only one with a high enough clearance and can be made to look the part.”
Steve smiled harder and wrapped his arms around Tony from behind. "But so distinguished looking with the gray hair. Quite the silver fox."
"No, no, Mr Porter!" Antonio had snuck up on Steve from behind and put his hands on Steve's hips. "The Rumba is about
“I’ll get some of mine. You go get his clothes.”
"Nonono," said Steve, marching them back in the other direction. "We need to go get the rest of our group first, you stranded them there, guys. They're probably still waiting.”
“Wait! What?” Tony whirled around and lost his balance. Fortunately, he had a very sturdy boyfriend to catch him and keep him propped up. He leaned into Steve and felt a thorough sense of satisfaction as Steve's arm slipped around his waist.
He felt drained and uninterested in research at the moment. And also like he should go back to the US, and either take an interest in Stark Industries or untangle himself altogether. Not that he wanted to, particularly, but it was like an anchor weighing him down, until he’d either hoist it up or cut the chain. His life in Delft, that had rooted him so firmly not even half a year ago, felt like it was shedding clumps of dirt as it was slowly being pulled from the soil.
"Iron Man! Let them go! Fall back!" It was Steve's Captain America voice in his com unit, all clipped consonants and determination, but the beasts were almost under water and Tony still needed to get closer to...
Again and again it came. The deck became slippery with water, blood and serpent guts as the men fought to throw it back into the sea time and again. They had cut chunks out of it and one of the lances had got stuck behind one of the fins, until the next attack shattered it under the beast's weight as it hit the deck. Still, it didn't seem to slow down. Tony had to hold on the mast as the ship rocked side to side with the shifting weights and once he had to grab Bors by his arm as he came flying by on his way to certain death at the other side of the railing. The normally ruddy man was white as a sheet as he grabbed Tony's forearm in a silent thank you. Then Steve yelled for him to get his ass back in there and he scrambled back onto his feet and went.
"Don't talk nonsense, Anthony. As if you've ever seen me freak out."
All the pent up energy seems to leave Tony once he's pulled the TV away from the wall and has opened it up. He even hums a little as parts of the TV start spreading on the floor around him. But now it's Steve who doesn't know what to do with himself. His brain goes
“If it was Clint, I’d say go for the blue, he deserves it. But we don’t want to piss Bruce off today, when he really needs to keep it together. Maybe we have time to go to The Hague?” Natasha was dubious. Tony sighed. He didn’t want to rush there and back. At all.
hung unsaid in the space between them and ouch, that hit home.
believe, that Rumpelstiltskin could spin straw into gold?”
"I am not going to be an engineer," the kid scoffed right back. "I am going to be a geneticist and create griffins!"
“That’s not how he tells it.”
"JARVIS?"
"Fine, fine. I'll behave. I'll have you know I could have come up with at least 20 more minutes of chaps related jokes and innuendo, though. You're missing out. Okay, bring me the chaps, Captain Underpants."
"I can't carry him, but I can kill him."
“The 18th,” came the reply in terse tones.
"Steve! You're alive!" The tremor in her voice broke his heart.
“I'll be there in 10. After I water the goats.”
Halfway to Gryffindor tower he realized that he could just Levitate the sleeping boy beside him, so he wouldn’t have to carry him. That would make more sense. He tightened his grip instead, though, strangely reluctant to let go of the warm weight in his arms. And when Tony pressed his face into Steve’s neck in response, it was as if he was levitating anyway.
She was only slightly less afraid of him in human form, at least initially. Her eyes widened as she listened to Tony speak gibberish and then she swiveled with alacrity as JARVIS translated from the empty suit. But she wasn't stupid. As soon as JARVIS had managed to convince her wasn't going to eat her, rape her or sacrifice her to Beelzebub, that she was welcome to stay here instead of being burned to a crisp, she saw the advantages of not being dead.
They spent most of the day cooking, and surprisingly, it was fun, like Bruce had claimed two weeks ago. Tony stuck around and helped peel potatoes, truss the turkey and toss the salad and open the bottles of imported Russian vodka. They'd eaten, they'd talked and they'd laughed and it had all been wonderful. But it had been torture at the same time. Tony was sick of feeling like this: off balance and needy and overly sensitive. Hyper-aware of everything Steve did, and said and feeling a desperate need to interpret every little twitch on his face. It was fucking exhausting and he was so done with it.
It lasted all of 15 wonderful minutes. They were spinning by one of the open doors to the ballroom when Tony went rigid in his arms and hissed in his ear. "The Middle Eastern guy! He's in the hallway!" and started to pull away. Steve tightened his hold on him.
on your
into the play list.
“I’ll be the judge of
“I thought milk wasn’t good for them?” Tony was puzzled.
Any moment now they would start circling each other, claws unsheathed. Steve looked at Tony in mild alarm, and immediately lost his train of thought. Tony looked… phenomenal. The robes he was wearing were dove grey, with a bit of a pale blue hue to them and they looked a little different than ordinary dress robes, but in a way that suited Tony. He looked sleek, and beautiful and just a little dangerous and debonair. Steve swallowed hard.
“You know,” said Steve conversationally, while helping him up, “this competitive streak of yours is really unattractive.”
They didn't run, but walked quickly over the Piazza Navona, got into a cab at the corner, sped through traffic in ways even more insane than that morning, jumped out at the train station, where they once again zig zagged through the crowds, which was a veritable mob of going home commuters at this time of day. Bursting out a back door, there was indeed another cab waiting and they made their way out of the center until they came to a steel and glass monstrosity that could only be Stark's local chapter of Grandiose Overachievers. Tony pushed his way into the front seat of the cab and dug a badge out of his wallet to open some really impressive looking gates and proceeded to direct the cabbie to an out of the way corner of the parking garage. There was a limo waiting, with a congenial looking man beside it. Tony thrust a handful of bills at the cabby and told him to get out,
“Um. I guess? I mean, I read your thesis, but I am not sure how much use I’d be if you don’t know an answer.”
Tony hugged him fiercely for a moment, like a promise. Then he got off his knees and turned to Rhodes. The man was grinning widely.
"You're off your rocker, Captain Ahab. But I'll take it. I'm glad we managed to avoid the professional stalkers, though, they can be annoying as hell."
Tony drops heavily into his chair and picks up the dropped fork. Then he leans into Steve's space and looks at him beseechingly.
"Captain America," Redditch said it oh so mildly and Steve wanted to strangle him. "You're here fast. No escort?"
Natasha decided to tag along to make sure he got the right thing, or some such bullshit. As if Tony hadn’t grown up with all possible permutations of men’s dress attire and hadn’t been an expert on fit and style by the time he was fourteen. Not that Natasha knew that of course. And it was kind of nice to have the company. It -mostly- kept him from wondering if Steve was still in Rotterdam (chances were really, really small) and if he’d run into him (considering where Steve would hang out looking for money and the location of the tux rental place, chances were infinitesimally small).
"What?!" Tony exclaimed in his earpiece. Suddenly JARVIS was in Steve's earpiece too.
Steve sighed internally. Everybody wanted to matter to someone else, it was basic human nature: the need to feel loved and appreciated and cared about and all that stuff. Steve had mattered to his mom, and to Bucky. He'd mattered to Peggy and maybe even Howard, although he suspected that had been Captain America more than Steve. Right now, the few people he had gotten to know since waking up were much more interested in the Captain than they would ever be in Steve. As long as he wasn't clinically insane and could do his job. They really saw him more like a weapon than a person. Tony only knew Steve, but was nevertheless interested in him. Interested enough to want to bed him, anyway. But he highly doubted he mattered to Tony. That still would not have been much of a problem, Steve wasn't holding out for a marriage proposal or anything, but he knew Tony mattered to
“In that case - “ Iron Man takes a step forward. Steve lets out a squawk as a hand goes under his knees and another behind his back. He scrambles to steady himself in the bridal carry.
She pauses in her crying, sniffling as she turns to Iron Man with big, brown, teary eyes. “Thank you Mr. Iron Man.”
“I’ve got it covered. You take good care of our Mr. Rogers, alright?”
Glancing back at the mark, the tips of Tony's fingers twitch towards Steve’s chest before he closes his hand into a fist and pulls away. He gives Steve a wry look.
There’s his soulmark.
“Of course, she was only after Stark Industries secrets. Still couldn’t get away from old dad. And then after the media caught wind and published the photos to the ends of the earth, at least forty people a year claim to be my soulmate, Steve -
“Hey, that’s probably my fault - “ Tony, bless his heart, starts to speak up, but Bucky’s glare stops him short.
He cuts off and clears his throat as he fidgets in his seat.
Somewhere, someone is waiting for him. He won’t let them down.
- breathe -
thank you to everyone who commented and subscribed!! hope you enjoyed it <3
"Really?" Tony looks a little startled at his easy agreement. Steve wonders what kind of crazies he's dealt with before.  "Right - good, great, perfect.”
"Uh, yes - yeah." Steve forces himself to act like a functional human being and holds the papers out. "My kids wanted to be sure you got a suitable thank you. Feel free to ignore any pleas to take them flying. Some of them got pretty - creative with their offers."
It’s a Tuesday night, almost three years later, when his world turns upside down.
, Steve thinks viciously. He forces himself to his feet and tries to ignore the ringing in his ears.
The rolling of his stomach is making him nauseous. He knows the mark is authentic. It’s just the unknown response once
He looks back up at Steve. "This wasn’t drawn by one of your kids."
"Only if you want to. I did make sure to get it on good authority that you are both into men and currently single."
The bitter laugh Tony lets out breaks Steve’s heart.
Of course he would notice.
“Buck - “ Steve tries but gets a scowl that shuts him up.
“Mr. Rogers,” he says. “Would you like to be in the room when I deliver the results to Mr. Stark?”
Steve lets out a ragged laugh. This conversation is not going as he had expected. He’s learning that with Tony, pretty much nothing goes according to plan.
And how else is Steve supposed to respond to that other than to reach out and accept his offer?
soulmark. “ - it’s not the same blue as the arc reactor.”
So, Steve steels himself. Taking a deep breath, he falls into step with the stream of people headed into the building. He's going to drop off the thank you cards then be out of Tony's hair for good. Piece of cake.
Iron Man gives a little bow, and he can easily imagine Tony winking underneath the face plate. “I live to please.”
“Thanks,” he says, taking it back. It’s a miracle the thing didn’t get destroyed in the fight.
There's silence. He feels foolish, standing there with his shirt open, his heart both literally and figuratively on his sleeve. But when he goes to button up, a raised hand stops him.
“I sure did,” Steve hands it back to her, and she stares down at it, awe-struck. There’s jealous mutters from the other kids. “Your lunch box has special powers. Let’s be extra-careful not to lose it now - we wouldn’t want any bad guys to get a hold of it.”
“No problem, kiddo.”
A polite knock on the door has both he and Tony whipping their heads up like trained dogs.
"Thanks, it's - uh - just a hobby, but I've always been a comic fan."
Thankfully, he's had years of practice being looked down at. He stands up straighter.
They’re at the MoMA for a field trip. Steve finally has his twenty-one rugrats secured back on the school bus along with Ms. Sheppard’s class. They managed to get through the whole trip with only Jeremy’s pudding cup and Michelle’s shorts as casualties, which he considers a rousing success.
The door swings open, and Bucky comes back in. Thankfully, he looks a bit less murderous this time.
It’s a lot for Steve to take in. Objectively he knows all those people who faked his mark are just desperate and in need of some substantial therapeutic help, but he burns at the idea of them. There’s anger brewing in his chest at the injustice of it all. Tony’s been coerced into so much of his life with little to no choice.
"Steve, I mean I'd love to get you naked but I’m not sure - "
No one had said anything, but it’s a damn miracle he got one this late. Every year that passed since his fourteenth birthday, the worry lines on his Ma’s face became a bit more pronounced and Bucky’s soulmate jokes came less and less frequently.
Tony blinks at him. “...for what?”
“I’m sorry!” he blurts.
“No. That’s the issue: you never think! The second you believe something is in danger, whether it’s a person or a kitten or a particularly forlorn-looking plastic bag, you’re off playing hero.” Bucky stops, an unhappy curl to his mouth. “You’re going to get yourself killed and then I’ll have Sarah Rogers to answer to in the afterlife.”
Tony Stark is his soulmate. Tony Stark. He tries to make the words make sense, but it just doesn’t fit. The universe has chosen Steve Rogers, sickly art student from Brooklyn, as the perfect match for Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
"Like on a date?" Tony adds.
Looking back up at Tony’s torn expression, he has a feeling things won’t be as clear cut for them.
"Thank you - uh - sir?"
excuses to offer. Before Afghanistan, it tended to run along the lines of "limit myself to one person and deprive the world of this body? Not even I'm that selfish". Steve's personal favorite is "statistically, only 12% of people like pineapple on pizza and I’m just not willing to deprive myself, god-given other half or no." After Afghanistan, Tony leaned into the commonly held belief that the Iron Man armor was his soulmate. The soulmark is of the arc reactor after all, and Tony has always been a man of his own invention.
. My soulmark is probably one of the top ten most common tattoos in the continental United States.”
“So I’ve been told before,” Tony muses. “By members of Congress no less.”
And it’s silent again. He feels the pamflet crumple in his sweaty grip, but he can’t be bothered to care.
not twenty-four hours ago. I’ve been hitting on you non-stop since we met - and you think I’d feel
Face unreadable, Tony continues. "If you're going for a preliminary text, Introduction to Molecular Quantum Mechanics is better. Born's a genius, but he couldn’t explain his way out of a paper bag."
of heels on hardwood, and Steve only gets a moment or two to compose himself before Miss Potts walks in the room. She’s even more gorgeous than all the pictures in the magazines. Her sharp blazer is paired with a stare just as cutting, cultivating an air of ruthlessness that makes Steve shiver. He hopes he never has to face her on the other side of a boardroom table.
The mischievous glint in Tony's eyes has his knees going a little weak. "You should be grateful I'm too moral now to take bribes."
The man behind the counter raises an imperious eyebrow at him. "Can I help you?"
And that’s an invitation if he's ever heard one. He swallows down his panic as he tiptoes across what looks like a horribly expensive Persian rug, paranoid about the dirt on his shoes. Perching on the edge of the couch, he clutches his bag tightly enough that the leather digs into his skin.
Tony gives him a look that's so fond, it makes his breath catch.
“This is the Rococo section, Baroque is two halls back.”
There it is. He did what he came to do and can leave now with the satisfaction that Tony gets some heart-felt abstract art. But to Steve’s surprise, Pepper hands the stack back to him with a gleam in her eye.
Steve ducks his head, the heat of embarrassment crawling up the back of his neck. “Well, I’m sure my old art professors would be glad to hear it.”
Tony cuts off abruptly. He stares at where Steve is standing in the middle of his fancy apartment in department store jeans and Sam’s hand-me-down jacket. He's still got a Hello Kitty band aid on his cheek. Steve’s heart rate is a lost cause.
“Watch out!” Steve yells. Without thinking, he hurls the lunchbox through the air and watches in amazement as it hits its mark. The metal container slams into the guy’s head, sending him back down to the ground. The Baron, distracted by Steve, gets blasted by a well-aimed repulsor beam.
“Some artist you are. The blue of our soulmark - “ the pronoun makes Steve’s insides curl with pleasure:
“Hey genius!” Steve yells.
Looks like Steve’s going to have to face the music. He heaves a deep sigh and is unable to keep the hint of foreboding out of his voice when he says, “Brooklyn Methodist please.”
That makes Tony’s eyebrows raise, almost to his hairline.
Head throbbing, heart pounding, lungs heaving, Steve stumbles to the nearest bench. Reaching into his jacket, he fumbles his inhaler to his mouth. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath in.
Pepper turns in the doorway, and the look on her face stops him in his tracks. “Trust me, Steve. You’re no bother at all.”
Steve gives him a weak smile. “Thanks Buck.”
"Hi, yes - I have an appointment scheduled. Steve Rogers."
<<< >>>
She clutches it to herself. “Yes Mr. Rogers, thank you!”
“I don’t know,” Tony pauses and a grin lights up his face. “Do you have any Hello Kitty band-aids?”
“Cindy, can you take me to where Ms. Sheppard and the rest of the class are?”
<<< >>>
Pepper rolls her eyes and heads back through the doorway. "Remember that when I come to get you for tomorrow morning's board meeting."
With how famous Tony is, there’s no telling how many people had gotten his mark tattooed, and Steve's just some guy off the street. Tony doesn't know him from Adam.
The only warning Steve gets is the whine of the repulsors before Iron Man takes off. Wind whips the air from his lungs. The exhilarating drop in his stomach as they burst from the top of the building is better than any roller coaster. Flying is wonderful, he decides.
“Hurry up and get in here, man!” Sam’s yelling at him, almost inaudible over the groan of the microwave. With a curse, Steve adds another five minutes on the time and stomps to the living room.
“Come in,” Steve calls, wincing when his voice cracks.
Reluctantly, Steve turns away from the sky and glares up at the armored face plate. “I’m
The mark comes when he’s eighteen.
“But - but - “ he stutters as his brain tries to catch up with the conversation. He stares up at Tony, dumbfounded. “I’m not even a part of the 12%.”
After, Bucky and his Ma won’t even let him clean up. They insist it’s bad luck for the markee to help with his mark day party. Steve thinks it’s a whole lot of bullshit, but he plays along anyway. He knows they’re all relieved.
“I believe this is yours,” comes the lightly modulated voice of Tony Stark. He holds out an armored hand with -
Tony pulls the drawing from the stack. It's a comic rendition of Iron Man fighting the Baron. And yeah, looking at it now in Tony's hands, it's obvious how much care and detail he had put in the Iron Man armour: his ridiculous crush on full display for the man himself to see.
With a sigh, Steve starts picking at the edge of the bandage on his elbow. “I’ve got a bunch of health issues: allergies, asthma, anemia - you name it. I know it isn’t safe for me, but I can’t stop myself. I can’t just sit there and watch something bad go down.”
He’s checking under some benches when a posse of about ten Rembrandt look-a-likes, all wearing 17th century get-up, feather caps included, swarm into the room.
Iron Man’s laugh shakes the armor under him. Steve wishes this didn’t feel quite so intimate.
He has a moment to glance down at the mark in realization before Tony’s leaning up for a kiss. When their lips meet, it feels like coming home. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to this and he doesn’t want to. He loves the flare of butterflies in his stomach whenever he remembers that
“This may be so,” the Baron drawls, gesturing with his hand like some long-winded academic. “But I’m interested in aesthetic consistency. I find myself partial to chiaroscuro, so having both Baroque and Rococo paintings in my collection would suit my needs nicely.”
There’s a hum from Tony, but he’s distracted, gazing at the art in clear adoration. Unable to handle the look, Steve focuses on a swirl of carpet by his feet. As he’s trying to come up with a reasonable excuse to extract himself from this situation, Tony speaks up again.
Spluttering, Steve can feel a blush burn onto his cheeks.
There’s the lunchbox.
Tony shakes his head. “I know right? Pepper’s been able to intercede with anyone claiming and sweep it under the rug, god bless her. This is actually the first time I’ve even been to one of these clinics. You’re the first time I’ve - ”
It had been a relief to Steve before. Both he and his soulmate agreed that it was best for them to live their lives separately. At least it had been until Tony had to go and be charming and wonderful and far too loveable in person. Steve knows he shouldn't get involved any more than he is.
The man has never been more than five feet away from Steve at any given point. But he hasn’t looked Steve in the eyes once since he picked him up in a limousine outside of his Brooklyn apartment. Currently, he’s wearing a hole in the floor with his pacing, fidgeting with his phone and muttering to himself non-stop. Steve hopes he’s getting work done at least. For Pepper’s sake.
Flipping through the papers, she lets out the appropriate appreciative noises. “This is amazing, he’s going to love these.”
The doctor gives Steve a knowing look before turning to address Tony. “The soulmark is authentic.”
(See the end of the chapter for
If Steve had thought it was hard enough being Tony’s soulmate when he was being beautiful and heroic on TV, it’s nothing compared to the tug of want that comes from watching him interact with kids in person. Trying to ignore his rapidly worsening crush, Steve turns to Ms. Sheppard.
In a different situation, he thinks he would find the whole thing comedic. Bucky slams around the med room, grumbling and cursing as he runs through his health check on Steve. Tony - billionaire, hero - seems cowed by Bucky’s glare, fidgeting silently over in the corner.
Steve snorts. “I guess you could say that.”
and Tony.
Steve tries to respond with words, but all that comes is a strangled sort of laugh.
That trips Steve up. He glances nervously over at Tony, who is staring at the manilla folder like he can divine the secrets of the universe from it.
Bucky shakes his head before stomping back to the front of the room and yanking the door open. He levels Steve with an intense look.
- do you really think I fly just anybody around with the Iron Man armor?” he asks, disbelieving.
“Steve Rogers,” she says and glides across the floor like she isn’t wearing six inch pumps. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
The elevator makes a pleasant chime when they reach the top. Once again, Steve is caught off guard as the doors open up to a lavish penthouse. The elevator has to have made a mistake.
His Ma works herself into a tizzy once he shows her. Over his loud protests, she gets someone to cover her shift and rushes to throw him a marking party. The tiny apartment barely fits them all, him, Peg, Buck, and their assorted families crammed together, bumping knees and elbows. They bring him a bright blue cake. It’s lopsided and obviously some clearance item cast-off, but surrounded by his grinning friends and family, the cheap store icing is the best he’s ever tasted.
All their mouths drop open, little eyes going wide with shock. Steve huffs out a laugh at their expressions.
“A non-courteous save then.” Iron Man shrugs. “I can be flexible.”
“It doesn’t have to change anything,” he says and feels his resolve harden when Tony stares at him. “Don’t feel obligated towards me. I shouldn’t have gotten as involved as I did.”
lunchbox?”
So here he is, scouring the MoMA for her Hello Kitty lunch box - the special one with the purple bows that Cindy’s grandmother got her only last week for her birthday. And there was no way Steve could say no to those puppy dog eyes.
It’s a little weird imagining anyone giving
When it’s laid out like that, Steve doesn’t really have a response.
“It’s alright - “
She nods. “All the parents of our students have been notified, and we’re just waiting for the police to confirm our bus is safe to drive away.”
“If that’s alright with Mr. Stark.”
Steve steps hesitantly into the glass box. He peers around to see the source of the voice.
"Would you - " Tony's big brown eyes flick up from the mark to meet his. ”Would you mind if we got it authenticated?"
The frantic cries of “Mr. Rogers!”, “Mr. Rogers!” get louder as they approach. About thirty six-year-olds are scrambling over one another to ask if he’s ok, what happened, and whether or not Iron Man will take
"Uh hi," he says and raises his hand in a hesitant wave. "Sorry I'm not Mexican food."
"It's more for your benefit than theirs. If you said yes to one, you'd have a whole squadron of angry kindergarteners on your hands."
Steve gapes at him. Forty. A
"I figured I should say thank you as well," Steve says with a shrug, going for nonchalance even as his heart feels like it’s about to beat out of his chest.
say?” Bucky puts a couple of bandages over scrapes on Steve’s hands that he hadn’t even realized he had. “You’re too reckless. Don’t give me any of that ‘it was necessary’. I heard interviews: what were you thinking trying to egg the guy on?”
“Boyfriend?” Bucky snorts. “
“Our Stevie, always the romantic,” he croons, only grinning at the punch in the shoulder it gets him.
Tony’s stare burns into him. He can almost feel the weight of the soulmark on his chest.
“Look,” he says, gesturing around the room. The other patrons are staring at him like he’s crazy. “Not a single religious reference, it’s all secular topics.”
"They have won our school PTA's bake-off four years in a row," Steve adds, unable to stop himself.
"You're very welcome, Mr. Rogers."
It’s been fifteen minutes now since the doctor left their room. He’d scanned Steve’s chest with the polite non-judgement of a good medical professional for which Steve will be forever grateful. This situation is discomfiting enough without the added scrutiny from random strangers.
There’s a
<<< >>>
“Do you have a preference of hospital?”
"Would you want to get dinner with me sometime this week?"
Swallowing down his apprehension, he nods his thanks and approaches the elevator. There isn't an obvious place to swipe his key card. Steve has a few moments of panic before the doors slide open on their own.
Before he even finishes the sentence, Tony is nodding, impatience clear on his face. “Yeah, no problem - give us the news, Doc.”
"I wasn't - you weren't - I thought we'd never meet."
There’s chaos as the kids climb all over each other to get one. Tony takes it in stride, assembling them into a rough line. He gives each one of them a high five or a fist bump, laughing when Isaiah has him sign a limited-edition Iron Man bracelet.
The thing lights up and starts turning. It makes a big show of pretending to be a functional kitchen appliance. Steve knows better.
Tony continues to stare. His face is such a mixture of emotion, Steve has no idea what to say.
The Baron actually pauses and takes a look around. “...what’s the difference?”
Tony’s unconcerned about it. He seems perfectly content to stand in front of Steve, alternating between writing incomprehensible code and playing what looks like Tetris on his phone. Steve really doesn’t know what to say. A part of him wants to chalk this whole day up to a crazy dream, but he doubts his own brain could be quite this creative.
Iron Man stands before him.
Iron Man’s helmet tilts to the side. “No, I think I really have to thank you - are you some kitten themed superhero I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting yet?”
, he never really stood a chance did he?
. His gawking gets him a couple of side-eyes, and he shakes himself. His Ma taught him better than to behave like some slack-jawed yokel.
He doesn’t get to finish his thought: the ceiling of the room smashes open, debris flying around the exhibit. A red and gold figure lands on the floor of the museum with a loud
Tony's face falls as Steve fails to string together a coherent sentence.
His minions seem to take that as a cue to brandish their weapons and start advancing on them. One woman lets out a shriek. Steve crosses his fingers that an authority is on their way.
“Holy shit,” Tony mutters and meets Steve’s eyes. “I guess this isn’t as much of a surprise to you as it is to me.”
So he’s left standing in the den of his billionaire soulmate’s luxury penthouse waiting to meet said soulmate for the second time in his whole life. It takes decades of practice for him to keep his breathing under control.
"And now I really feel like I read the situation wrong." Tony says, and Steve watches in horror as a pasted-on smile replaces the genuine warmth from moments before. It’s disturbing to watch Tony’s persona change in real time. "Just forget I said anything and ignore me making an ass of myself, happens almost daily. Although it’s been awhile since I struck out this hard."
to get more involved with you?”
Steve resists the urge to roll his eyes.
Tony pauses for a moment and throws back over his shoulder. “Thanks, Pep. You are officially my favorite person for this.”
“Miss Potts will be with you in a moment, Mr. Rogers,” says the disembodied voice. “Feel free to make use of any amenities.”
And Tony
given Steve his number, scrawled on the back of a sleek Stark Industries card. He hadn't had the guts to call that one. Instead, he'd used the generic Stark Industries line, and a nice lady at reception had made him an appointment to ensure the kids' artwork wasn't mixed up with all the other mail.
He whips his head up to stare in shock. This is most definitely not part of the plan. It has to be a friendly gesture, he thinks desperately, he surely can’t mean -
He opens his mouth, but Bucky barrels on.
There’s a pause. He wonders if the voice even has a name or whether he’s allowed to know.
The sting of wind makes his eyes water. But even through his clothes, the armor is warm, almost pulsing with life. He huddles closer against the chill of the setting sun. When they get far enough up, Tony slows to a hover. The view is something else: the New York cityscape under a sky bleeding with red and orange. Steve tries to commit the image to memory.
"No!"
“That’s alright,” Tony says. “I can like it enough for the both of us.”
When he gets inside, Steve can’t help but stare. The inside of Stark Tower is just as imposing as the outside: all polished, sleek chrome. It certainly lives up to its name as
But here he is. Under the fluorescent bathroom light, he stares at the universe’s undeniable proof that he, Steve Rogers, has a soulmate. The weight of it makes him stand a little straighter, chin held a little higher.
The faceplate of the helmet pops up, and then Tony Stark, ridiculously handsome even with sweaty helmet hair, is grinning down at the swarm. Steve swallows around the lump in his throat.
The Baron lets out a hoarse cry as he and his minions attack. The muskets are most definitely not from the 17th century, beams of light flashing from their muzzles. But in less than a minute, Iron Man already has two of them down.
They’re lying in bed together well past any reasonable hour to be awake. But Tony is coming down from one of his workshop benders, and Steve is hard-pressed to lose any time with him. The kids can watch a movie for most of tomorrow, it’ll be a Friday anyway.
"Welcome to the Tower, Mr. Rogers," a pleasant-sounding British man says.
soulmates. Every interview since the big reveal of his soulmark has made that clear. A lot of interviewers asked about Stark’s abnormal disinterest in his soulmate, and Tony had some -
Tony’s throat bobs as he swallows. "Introduction to Molecular Quantum Mechanics is better."
p.s. apologies to Dr. Born, I’m sure he’s wonderfully eloquent in real life
And oh -
“That Hello Kitty lunch box!”
It’s a miracle of modern medicine that he’s even alive. He’s grateful enough that he made it to adulthood. Having a soulmate would have been too good to be true.
The doors slide shut, cutting him off from the hustle and bustle of the first floor. The elevator starts rising on its own. Again, there are no buttons or floor number markings, only sheer glass. There isn’t even one of those state-mandated elevator maintenance cards, which Steve thinks has to violate a safety code or two.
The rest of the kids are staring too, waiting to hear. He can’t keep the grin off his face.
He honestly thought it wouldn’t happen.
What feels like only moments later, he can hear steps and the steadily rising voices of both Miss Pot-
Police part around them as they stream into the building.
At the look of disbelief, he smiles, a little self deprecating thing.
Tony reaches out and offers up a hand. Every part of Steve wants to reach out and take it.
The paparazzi managed to snap a picture of Stark, shirtless and stumbling out of a booze-filled party, the mark on full display. Now, on the show of some talk host, Tony is giving an interview. For what’s objectively the traumatic reveal of deeply personal information, the man seems unconcerned. He’s all nonchalant bantering and devil-may-care smirks. The suit he’s wearing looks like it cost more than Steve’s whole building, let alone their apartment.
Tony reels back as if he's been struck. His face goes pale and a hand comes up to rest over where the matching mark on his chest is. The silence is deafening. Tony's eyes flick between Steve’s face and his chest. The mark has never felt more incriminating.
“Come on, punk,” Bucky jerks his head towards the doors and starts striding back across the room. Tony raises an eyebrow, but Steve can only shrug helplessly. “Your metal bodyguard can come too!”
of the heart monitor pierces the silence. Steve feels gutted. He
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m totally fine with doing the whole platonic soulmate thing if that’s what you’re comfortable with. I know my life isn’t exactly easy to integrate into. But if you’re in, I’m in.”
Tony startles at the vehemence in it, and Steve's scrambled brain rushes to say something.
“No, just a citizen caught in the cross hairs.”
Steve blinks at him. "Huh?"
"I - uh -"
There's the
"Well, if I ever decide to take up particle physics again, I'll take your word for it."
ok? He knows how delicate his health is, but he's got the worst luck this side of the Hudson with stumbling into dangerous situations.
“Thanks again - uh, I’m not sure I caught your name...?” Steve asks, feeling kind of silly, but Sarah Rogers’ rules on politeness were hard ingrained into him.
It’s practically a universal constant: Tony Stark doesn't
“Stay put. I’ll be right back.”
Steve feels his cheeks flush and hopes it’s not too obvious.
He resists the urge to fidget as the man clicks through his computer. Staring at the screen, the man freezes before his other eyebrow rises up to meet the first. He turns to look at Steve in shock.
The universe has one fucked-up sense of humor, he thinks, and laughs some more.
Tony pushed the button.
"For what it's worth, I'm Buddhist," said Bruce, "But I don't mind doing the Christmas thing with all of you. As long as we keep it low key on the religious side."
Steve listened to Tony breathe for a while. If he stretched out his left arm he could touch him. Just the potential of the touch made his stomach swoop and his breath come faster. It was exhilarating and terrifying at the same time. God, this was getting totally out of hand. But he didn't have a clue about how to stop thinking about Tony this way. The more he tried not to, the more persistent it seemed to become.
"True. So what's the plan?"
reputation as a playboy.” Tony could just hear the hunger for dirt in her voice. He glanced back at the screen. Steve still looked relaxed, but Tony knew him well enough to spot the signs of tension in his posture. The twitch of the fingers, the flutter of a muscle in his jaw.
"Then
He flinched back and dropped his hand when he found himself suddenly holding his father's ear.
"Because Tony couldn't do it. Or wouldn't do it. That's unclear. And because I saw his face in the quinjet, and I've been watching him get worse ever since. He's not taking this well."
"Tony tried. But if the information isn't digital he's useless, really. He got stuck after that girl's family cashed a check from you in Bethesda. But between the cards you sent and the copies of the letters that the army archived it wasn't that hard to follow your trail and to start to predict it. Typical spy work. It's what I do."
“Nothing,” provided Tony helpfully. “Just talking about Steve carrying dudes.”
Tony nods and starts scrubbing the casserole dish with a Brillo Pad.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand, and Steve tore his eyes away from the guard house. They’d said goodbye that morning, there was nothing left to say. They were both apprehensive and scared, despite Rhodey’s assurances, but that had been talked to death too. So in the end they just hugged briefly, but fiercely.
“Second floor of the astronomy tower. Please hurry.”
“What?! Who?! Who tried to get you hooked on what? That’s despicable!”
"Alright. Say goodbye to France."
They were the best two hours of his life.
"Tell me this, Mr Bell, what happens if they actually find Captain America?"
“Captain Rogers, I’m glad to meet you.” Rhodes said, “And happy to see you’re alive.”
Steve pulled him a little closer and Tony let him. Steve resisted the urge to kiss his temple. God, this had to stop. And soon.
“Uhuh.”
“I still don’t get it. Why did you want me to hire her if you like her so much? I mean, she’s fantastic, so I am not regretting anything, but...”
"I don't see Howard when I look at you,” he barreled on. “Sure, sometimes there is a moment, when you tilt your head a certain way, or that frowny look that you do, that you remind me of him. But, really, you're one hundred percent Tony to me. You're not very alike." He paused, then decided to go for broke. "In the beginning I wanted to see him in you, desperately. But you were nothing like him. And I was disappointed at first. Which was why I was such an ass to you back then." He shrugged.  "Or at least it was part of the reason. Loki's scepter didn't help, I guess. But honestly, Tony, I am not looking for your father when I look at you. I haven't for a long time.” He silently said a Hail Mary before continuing. “I actually prefer you, these days.”
Yet here he was, on a cruise ship instead of in Afghanistan. Yesterday might have been the weirdest day he had ever had, and while he could not say that it had been pleasant, it really had not been unpleasant either. Somehow it had gone a ways to filling that empty space inside him. It had certainly had its moments. He smiled while thinking about the way Tony had told off the seniors, the conversation about explosives, the ridiculous ice cream Tony had insisted on buying him, the hug, the hand holding, the.... yeah. No Bucky, no Peggy, no Howard, but damn, Howard's son's forceful personality had relegated the others a little bit more to the past, where Steve knew they belonged, while carving out a big space for himself in Steve's present in just two days.
"I don't want to fuck his ass!" Fury rolled his eye. "Jesus! I have no interest in his ass. I want him on the Avengers."
"J.A.R.V.I.S., play
They sat on a bench for a bit, watching some fat mallards trying to impress the ladies.
Tony's mouth quirks.
"Nah. No need. With a haircut, sunglasses and some fuck off suits, you'll be fine."
"You do have a heart. You have that armor, physically and emotionally,
"Are you an angel?" He croaked. Steve snorted indelicately and smiled.
“Don’t take too long, the keg of Palm is getting low.”
There were also lots of times when Tony was busy juggling alone, but Steve was strangely reluctant to just leave him to it. And there wasn’t much else for him to do, except running, but if Steve was honest with himself, that wasn’t why he had started bringing his books to Tony’s lab when Tony was off in Advanced Arithmancy Lalaland. It wasn’t even so much that he was still concerned about Tony’s safety. He was. A little. But mostly, he just liked hanging out with him. And wasn’t that the weirdest thing ever? It was as if the crisis they’d been thrown into had made the years of animosity somehow irrelevant. Tony still sniped, and Steve still stumbled over his words sometimes, but the sting had gone out of Tony’s words and Steve could now laugh at himself when Tony baffled him. It was completely different from his friendship with Bucky and Sam, which was based on a whole lot of shoulder pounding and other forms of mild to moderate physical violence plus talking about quidditch, but this felt like a tentative friendship nonetheless.
“Maybe. But you don't understand, you've clearly never been in love.”
“Fine. Whatever. Lord knows I can't help you with that particular crisis, because it's a stupid crisis.” Tony strode off to go roll out his bedroll, to Steve's immense relief. He took a deep breath and let it go slowly. Was he really having a stupid crisis? Images from his dreams flashed through his mind's eye and he had to clamp down on them hard, because they still shocked him.
“There were more?” Steve sounded surprised.
"You know, Toto." Tony finally broke the silence. "I was perfectly happy in the damned poppy field. The fuck did you need to wake me up for?" And simple as that, all was right in the world again. Steve smiled big and jostled Tony shoulder. Life was absurd, but good.
"JARVIS, where are we?"
"Really? Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist? I thought those were all superpowers?"
It was early on a Saturday evening at De Wijnhaven when Tony was 20 years old that Pim, the owner, called down to the beer cellar, where Tony had just changed a keg.
"I didn't -" What the hell was he denying? Saying it or feeling it?
going while we get the suit?"
“To muggles, yes. To me, Rumpelstiltskin is the founder of the Stark fortune. First one to figure out that particular transfiguration. Made a killing before the practice got regulated to save the economy. We still have bales of the stuff in our vaults.”
“Ouch. I’ll be there in twenty. Tell Clint he can pay me in beer.”
"Iron Man...." He sounded like he didn't believe Iron Man actually existed and wasn't that typical, Steve thought as he whipped around.
Instead of taking in the sights, Tony was working furiously on his tablet.
Steve poked him in the side as he settled behind him. Tony squealed and pulled away. Ticklish. Steve grinned.
Steve was vaguely insulted by that, but swallowed any potential response when Tony whipped around as if he’d forgotten Steve was there. Par for the course, that. Steve would rather be insulted.
"I am glad to hear it, but you aren't ready for heaven quite yet."
“A little too much, actually. Tell me, dear suit designer of the Avengers, how come it is just Widow and me in the skintight leather?”
“Steve, this is Colonel James Rhodes. Former JAG. Now he is a civilian lawyer specializing in court martial defense. He is going to represent you.” He turned to Rhodes. “This is Steve Rogers.” Rhodes stuck out his hand and Steve shook it. It was only a reflex, Tony could tell, because Steve’s mouth was moving, yet no sound was coming out. He might have refused otherwise.
“Thistlethwaite,” he spat.
, but then Steve went rigid.
“Well.... not one hundred percent straight, buddy,” Tony muttered under his breath, then followed at a more leisurely pace.
Tony stepped into Steve's personal space. The man's eyes widened fractionally and Tony could hear a little hitch of breath. Encouraged, he lifted his hand and touched the soft skin of Steve's bare face.
Natasha snorted.
"Don't what?" Tony noticed he was still holding on to Steve's hand and he dropped it in embarrassment.
“No. The Eye is simple,” she said dismissively. “Look at this!”
Steve kissed him again to shut him up, cameras be damned.
"Excellent point," admitted Steve.
“So,” he says, “Should I stay or should I go?”
"Who cares. It's depressing. The ship sinks."
"I'm sorry. Is that even...?" Steve didn't even have words for it, apparently.
“But…
Steve started walking them to the door.
“I have three more cats to catch. If you want to help, meet me here tomorrow at noon?”
“But that’s just a fairytale, isn’t it?”
Steve.
Faced with the evidence that Steve really, truly was Captain America Tony tried to deny that he had any feelings for the man. Feelings for Steve, maybe. Possibly. Captain America? Hell to the fucking no. When he worked up the guts to look at some of the old pictures of Howard and Steve and Peggy, he wanted to claw out his eyeballs. His father, with that smug, superior smile that Tony absolutely hated and had wanted to slap off his face every time it had been directed at himself. Steve, who of course looked fantastic in the old style uniform and somehow seemed even younger and more innocent than he did now. This Steve wasn't shivering and whimpering in his sleep, dreaming about endless years frozen in ice. Aunt Peggy, young and beautiful and unmarried and everything a guy like Steve would want. Did want.
“Hydra had infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. It had to go.” Steve's expression made it clear he wasn't apologizing for causing Tony's misery.
"Tony! No!" Steve's voice was frantic. "For God's sake,
"Duh! Of course it was. The ship sank. But it was
He found himself an unoccupied room along the corridor and settled himself on the bare bed with his Starkpad to while away a couple of hours.
“Do we have ice cream?”
“I swear to fucking God, Steve! What did I
Tony rolled his eyes. "Steve, this is Clint Barton, also known as Hawkeye, hence the bow and arrows. Barton, this is Captain Steve Rogers, the other half of this mission." Steve mumbled a "How do you do?" but wasn't exactly standing down. "Now what the hell is this about getting out? Fury pretty explicitly told us to stay and wait for Hydra."
Once they hit the hallway, after exiting the bar, Tony turned on Steve at the same time Steve turned on him.
“Tony--” he started, with no idea of how to continue.
“Come on, Steve. Let’s go, I live really close.”
“Stay,” said Tony. “I mean, if you have nothing else to do. The only thing I miss about that hermit-infested wasteland is using you as my personal space heater at night.”
How pathetic was it that, even as a minimally sentient piece of machinery, apparently Steve’s defining feature was his need to be all up in Tony. And worse, that Steve-the-bike was getting farther than Steve could ever hope to get. Faintly nauseated, he watched Tony coo over his bike a little more.
"It seems, sir, that you and Captain Rogers are trending on Twitter. Except I do not believe Captain Rogers' identity is known yet. You are trending with a blurry picture under 'Tony Stark and his male lover share a kiss in a Roman art supply shop', hashtag TonyStarkIsG(r)ay hashtag IronManHasWood." Steve sat up straight, almost causing Tony to roll off the bench. He grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him back onto the seat.
“You left the door open,” Tony announces, almost as if he feels guilty for just walking in, even though he doesn't look it. “I locked it behind me.”
Tony didn't think so. Tony thought the whole soul stealing scam wouldn't have worked if these visions hadn't somehow had a root in the victim's own minds, but he sure wasn't going to tell Percy that. Love-hate relationships with parental figures were one of the few emotional issues he did understand. So he just nodded.
get off. Maybe do it a couple more times if we like it. We move on”. He locks his gaze with Steve's. “What do you think?”
“Yes, I'm feeling very sorry for myself,” sighs Steve dramatically. “I'll just have to take it out on my students today.” Which reminds him to check the time, and then he curses and has to run back to the house to get ready for work. His ass is much sorer when he runs. He hears Tony laugh behind him, but it's a good laugh and Steve doesn't mind.
to fly. What good are rubber tires when you’re in the air? Why have an exhaust pipe if you’re not using gasoline? It’s lazy, ugly magic, that only appeals to people that want to look like muggles.”
"A railing?" scoffed Tony, "Boy, you need to think outside your lego box. That is horribly low tech. If you can't come up with a reversible escalator at the very least you're never going to be more than a mediocre engineer."
Tony dropped his head onto Steve's shoulder with a sigh. "Steeeeeeve," he whined, "I'm bored. Can we go yet?"
“Fuck’s sake, Tony,” he urged breathlessly, “Get a condom on!”
Steve apparently did not feel he was wasting his talents on Tony, so that is how they ended up pretty much joined at the hip for the next few weeks. To the point that Tony's left shoulder was feeling almost bereft when Steve was more than a couple of inches away from it. It was fucking annoying, is what it was.
But he couldn’t help his gut clenching and from the corner of his eyes he could see Bucky’s jaw tense.
“Mr. Rogers, I am Jarvis, Master Stark’s house elf. I am afraid Master Stark needs your help most urgently.”
He hurried back to the kitchen and put together a couple of sandwiches with the fresh bread and thick slabs of cheese and packed them in the old bread bag. When he went back to his room, Steve had finished tearing and was standing a little awkwardly in the middle of the room with his duffelbag slung over his shoulder.
"Neither do I. Is there something maybe not quite so modern that is any good?"
He decided to do just that.
"Steeeeeve...." Tony could barely get the word out. Steve tore his gaze away from Tony's dick and covered his mouth with his own. The kiss was sloppy, filthy and perfect and lasted until it was reduced to just panting into each other's mouths.
"I know, I know," Tony whispered, "PDA, it's not you. I'll try to keep my hands to myself, but you make it so goddamn difficult, Steve." And with that they separated and continued on their way in silence. Until the next gelato pace anyway, where Steve wanted another peach cone and Tony started bitching at him to branch out, for god's sake, live a little and what the hell was wrong with pistachio or mango.
“As I said. You’re both miserable. And it was getting in the way. So I figured the one obstacle I could clear up for you was tell him about your near death and how it got resolved.”
“Manhattan. You studying here too?”
“Bad enough that I am asking you to fix it.”
Like hell he did. He was running on three hours of sleep max, hadn't showered in days, and hadn't bothered cleaning up after the fight either, because he'd needed to strangle his humiliation by working himself into oblivion. He still smelled vaguely fishy even. His black wife beater was stained and torn, so were the black jeans he was wearing and he knew from experience that the goggles pushed up in his hair gave him that very unsexy mad scientist look. Still, he knew what Steve meant. The man could have shown up in a chicken suit with a big zit on his nose and he still would have looked like manna from heaven to Tony's Steve-starved eyes. It really wasn't the same when they were both suited up and screaming.
to say and came up with nothing. His brain was like the blue screen of death. He’d imagined reuniting with Steve so many times, in so many different ways. It was what had carried him through those first few lonely months back at the mansion. He had been fairly busy during the day, strategizing with Pepper and Fury on how to get his company back, but the nights had been awful, bouncing around the deserted rooms. It was weird, he had spent more than two decades without Steve without feeling particularly lonely, but all of a sudden the only thing that would distract him enough from the emptiness had been imagining this moment. This moment, which was turning out nothing like he had imagined ever, with both of them paralyzed while the silence grew from awkward to uncomfortable to fucking mortifying.
plans, that I have put a lot of thought into, and which you are not turning obsolete here on this heap of rubble.”
good. Tony's hand wrapped around his and the sight of both their hands on both their dicks made Steve whimper. It took a few tries but then they settled in a rhythm that rapidly started building into a crescendo. It wouldn't, couldn't last, not when Steve felt like he'd been waiting for this forever but he held it back by sheer force of will. Minutes, or hours, later he buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck as Tony arched off the bed and spurted hotly over their joined hands. That was enough to push Steve over the edge as well, his orgasm hitting him like a sledgehammer, ropes of come streaking Tony's chest.
He doesn't even manage to read one sentence in that time, convinced as he almost is that he can hear Tony undressing, that he can hear the water hitting his skin, even the soap sluicing down his torso. Not to mention the way the man must be sliding his hands up and down his body to distribute the soap, washing his... He stares fixedly at the words on the page, deliberately not thinking about Goat Man's dick, but the words aren't making any sense at all. It is almost a relief when Tony comes back in, toweling his hair dry. Except that he is wearing low slung lounge pants and a wife beater that is just a little short and his happy trail in the gap is still sporting drops of water. Steve tries not to stare, but it is the most difficult thing he has ever done. Tony drapes the towel over his shoulders and looks at Steve, who determinedly keeps his eyes on his face.
was Tony?
"Sir Anthony, the Grail is not for you. You have sinned in every way imaginable and your presence sullies that of your companions."
a tiny voice in Tony's head complained. Steve went on. "I thought you were angry with
Steve shrugged.
“Not at all.”
Tony had an eventful Sunday morning with his new roommates. Kittens, apparently, didn’t believe in sleeping in and they had started walking over his face at ungodly o’clock in the morning, batting at his nose and attacking his hair. So Tony had crawled out of his loft bed and fed them the rest of the tuna, wiped their faces and paws with decidedly less grace than Steve had the night before. Since he was up now anyway, he decided to get some work done. He turned on his second hand 386 and went to the bathroom while it booted. His return to his room was greeted by one kitten jumping on his head from the loft bed and the other one attacking his ankles. On the spot he named the first one Clint and the second one Tasha. He had a niggling feeling that he probably shouldn’t be naming cats he planned to take to a shelter, but the names just fit too well to pass up the opportunity.
"You guys need to wash. And eat," said Tony, looking over all of them, except Steve, whom he was studiously avoiding looking at. "There's a little crag with a fresh water creek and some shrubs a league or so north of here. We should camp there."
“I don’t, really.” Tony took another swig and leaned his head back. “But I don’t really need to know, if you’d rather not say. Whatever you’re referring to, it hasn't been a hardship.”
“You still have some scales...” he whispered, swiping his thumb along the sensitive spot under Steve's ear, sending a shiver down his spine. Then Tony curled his fingers around Steve's neck and pulled ever so gently, like a question. Steve could have easily pulled away, there was barely any pressure at all, but at the same time he wasn't sure if he could have even if the whole world would have suddenly gone up in flames. Instead, it was like his body went up into flames as Tony's mouth closed over his. His breath hitched and when the flames died down he felt like he was drowning, Tony's mouth his only lifeline. He couldn't tell who moved first, maybe both of them, but suddenly Tony's body was plastered all against his front and his other arm was wrapped around his waist possessively and Steve had never felt so much bare skin in his life. He couldn't help the moan that escaped him, it was glorious. And then Tony's tongue was in his mouth and things were even better than glorious. His hands slid out of Tony's hair and made a soapy trail along the muscles of his back and Steve reveled in every little dip and bump he felt under his hands. When he reached the swell of Tony's ass it was the most perfect thing he'd ever had his hands on. Then Tony's teeth were on his bottom lip and he reflexively jerked Tony closer. Tony's erection landed hard against his hip, hot despite the coldness of the water, and the pressure of Tony's groin against his own dick shocked him into opening his eyes.
Tony hated people who were inconveniently perceptive.
"It's Iron Patriot now, man." Rhodey reluctantly took a step back.
"Where did you go?" he asked, trying to silently convey the notion that if Steve didn't want to answer, he didn't have to.
“Well, now I think it was utterly stupid. Obviously martyrdom isn’t for the likes of me and I shouldn’t aspire to it. Especially not when I am not dead yet. It leaves you fucking lonely as hell when nobody knows you’ve miraculously survived.”
"About 10 feet in this wind, Captain Rogers, give or take a few inches."
“Standard VA issue.”
"You're not that much smaller than me. You wouldn't even fit under my chin, like with that couple over there." Steve pointed out a particularly small woman pairing up with a rather large man.
The casserole still needs another fifteen minutes or so and Steve is searching a little desperately for something else to do that requires him to stay out of the living room. His eyes fall on the fairly wrinkly remains of some apples in his fruit bowl (Steve does the weekly shopping on Mondays after school and by Sunday the selection is a little pathetic). Before he has made a conscious decision, he is peeling and chopping apples and mixing them with raisins, lemon juice and cinnamon. Flour, oats, brown sugar and melted butter make a quick crumble topping and the dish is ready to go in the oven before the pasta is even done.
“Why does he speak for you? Why do you not know our language? Are you a Viking? You don't look like a Viking. Your color is wrong and you're not so large. Are you-”
Steve's attention was fully absorbed by the stories from the guide, the shocking degree of exposure of her cleavage, and his elderly companion, who was still holding on to his arm and talking about how she was taking her grandchildren on this tour so their parents could have a romantic day in Rome. He had a hard time keeping part of his attention on Tony, who now seemed to be discussing robot dogs with the kid a little ways away and on making sure no one was lurking in the shadows all around them.
“And this miracle fabric only comes in a skintight version?”
"It doesn't look like they sell any weapons."
and good and gorgeous and perfect and making Tony fall in love with him. And angry at Steve because Steve was letting himself get shot at right now in Afghanistan of all places, while Tony still had serious issues with that country and even worse issues with terrorists shooting at Steve. Tony was also angry with himself for being so easy and following his dick and being so fucking needy for someone like Steve that he had fallen for him like a ton of bricks. Not to mention that he was furious at Fury, even more than was normal on any given day. He couldn't yell at Howard and he wished he could yell at Steve and he had been yelling at himself for days without it solving anything, so maybe it was time to give Fury another call.
felt like running and we agreed not to get separated, so here you are, jogging for Liberty and Justice. And director Fury, I suppose." Steve felt an almost giddy pleasure at tormenting Tony this morning. Payback was a bitch. Not that he felt especially vindictive about last night. Mortifying as it had been for Steve, Tony hadn't been mean about anything that happened and he
“I…” Was he sure? It vaguely seemed that sometime, somewhere far away this might not be the best of ideas, too fast and stuff, but, really, right here, right now, it was virtually impossible to even allocate any brain power to contemplating that scenario. Because right here, right now, he had his hands on a massively attractive man who was willing to interact with Tony’s dick and that was really all that was important.
“Apple pie?” he whispers.
Tony lazily tossed a pillow at his head, which Steve grabbed out of the air and shoved under his head. Tony made a face at him and ran his fingers through his hair, making it worse. Then he looked at his fingers in disgust when he spotted the glitter on them. He flopped back on the bed with an exasperated sigh.
He isn't sorry he goes to work. The kids are great today, they keep him pleasantly distracted and he stays after school with some of the Advanced Art seniors who are putting together 3-D animatronic monsters for the school play. It's a bitch of a project, but these kids are burning so bright, they're almost incandescent.
“So do I, dumbass. What’s your point?”
“Where are you from in the States, Steve?”
“Please! Don't kill him! He's my only son. Whatever you want, I'll grant it!” The king pleaded.
. So I gotta keep going. And that’s why
"But it's -"
"Please call me Steve. Tony would never let me live it down if you don't."
Tony was used to a little excitement whenever he arrived somewhere as Iron Man, and there were usually a few apprehensive ones among the crowd. But he'd never gotten a reaction like this. People were pointing and screaming at him long before he got anywhere near and then they all started running in obvious fear. All of them. Not a single person remained when Tony touched ground in the middle of the square. What the ever living fuck? He looked around him in astonishment as his brain desperately tried to process what he was seeing and make it add up to something that made sense in his world.
? Lumbersexual? He wasn't, but he'd implied he... Oh.
“What?”
? Superheroes coming out of retirement? Really?"
"But 23 kids were unnecessarily traumatized, Tony. Besides, this way you'd also have cut off the terrorists' escape route and you wouldn't have had to spend over an hour chasing them down." He was making stabby motions at the monitors as he proceeded to expose multiple flaws in Tony's plan of attack. Which, admittedly, hadn't been much more complex than Tony had already mentioned. Below the irritation at being schooled in tactics 101 and the defensiveness he manfully tried to keep under control, it dawned on Tony that this was something Steve might actually be better at than him. It stung, like it always did when someone outclassed him. Maybe because it happened rarely enough that he never had a chance to actually get used to it.
lost?
“No, I mean... I can't learn to dance. I just..... can't.” Steve sat down heavily on the stupid round bed and buried his face in his hands. At times like this it seemed like yesterday that he had woken up in a world without Peggy, without Bucky, without Howard or anybody else that remembered him as just Steve, and not a personification of the all-American hero. Who currently happened to be the awkward little secret of the US Armed Forces. At times like this he could barely contain the grief about failing to die when everyone he loved had done so and left him the loneliest man in world. Out of time, out of place, out of friends.
He flicked the light and started up the stairs, motioning for Steve to follow him.
Steve was familiar with the type. Nice to know they weren't a twentieth century invention. And Gawaine didn't know it yet, but he was about to stop picking on Percival, at least as long as Steve was in earshot. The moment they stepped into the clearing, though, a man entered from the other side. He was dressed in something whitish and shapeless and his gray beard was matted, with a few leaves and twigs stuck into it. His eyes shone with fervor. Tony would have tossed him a twenty dollar bill and muttered something derogatory about Reagan closing all the mental hospitals, while making a quick getaway. Here, the man held his audience captive. Lancelot was looking up from his seat on a fallen log, the two squires halted their attempts at erecting the tents and Gawaine and Percival stared at him, the latter sucking on the heel of his thumb. Steve and Bors came to a stop too. No one called out a greeting.
Of course things weren't as simple as that. As they were riding out of the gate the next morning they were met by another hermit. Possibly the same one as yesterday, it was hard to tell with the bushy beards obscuring all facial features. He announced that Queen Guinevere had been abducted by Sir Melliagaunce who had long desired her and who had seen his chance during Lancelot's absence. Lancelot immediately turned his horse around and called for his squire to follow. Steve grabbed his arm and asked quietly:
"Okay. That was fun. At ease, people," he tried. Neither man budged. Tony sighed dramatically.
Vanessa stopped her assurances that she was fine and they should try that spin again when she caught his glare. She put her hand on Steve's arm and smiled. "Don't worry Mr. Porter, Vincent won't steal your man. He'd get fired for that sort of thing and he likes his job too much to risk it. He does like the silver foxes, though...." She looked at Steve, who probably hadn't relaxed as much as he should have. Tony wasn't
"Not the point, you sycophant."
Tony tried to wrestle himself back into consciousness, but got stuck in some sort of halfway state. He was very comfortable there, so he wasn't trying very hard. He couldn't hear any more singing, which was a blessing because he could already tell he was going to have the mother of all hangovers come morning. Or come afternoon, more likely. But at the moment that seemed a long time off. He could hear Thor speaking quietly somewhere not too far away, but didn't catch the words. Then Steve answered him and his voice was close, very, very close. In fact, Tony could feel it reverberating under his cheek. He came marginally more awake as he realized he must be lying with his head on Steve's chest. He started a little and felt Steve's arm - Steve's arm?- tighten around him as if to hold him in place and then a hand started to rub soothing circles on his back. Tony felt himself slipping back into sleep. Just before he went completely under he thought he felt a kiss pressed into his hair. Must have been a dream.
“You know, my old man said...” Tony continued as if Steve hadn't spoken, and with his eyes glued to his branch. “He said peace meant having a bigger stick than everyone else. And I don't agree with that anymore on the whole. Not as a country, anyway. But for myself... I have trouble sleeping unless I am absolutely sure I have the biggest stick.”
To be honest, though, the lack of a party scene at his current location was kind of doing him good. He had a (prototype) StarkPad full of new ideas for Stark Eco Tech and Stark Consumer Tech products that should be able to persuade even Pepper that the shift away from weapons manufacturing wasn't going to be the deathblow to SI that the entire board (and stock market) seemed to think it was. He had caught up on all the newest publications in all of his chosen fields (and a few outside of those), that he'd missed while being hosted by Afghan Club Med. He'd fired off a few suitably scathing letters to
“Move, Tony! Just move!”
.” The man sounded genuinely surprised. Which meant Steve hadn't said anything to him. Well, this was just getting better and better.
“Shit, Steve. I should have-”
"Probably," admitted Steve. "But you can't walk. We can try other options, but this seems the most practical one."
Where was the fucking coffee? Tony looked up to see Steve standing nearby patiently holding out a cup, waiting for him to notice. He grabbed it eagerly and downed it as fast as he could. Strong enough to strip paint, just how he liked it. There was amusement in Steve's expression when Tony looked back up.
“I'm sorry man. That has to be difficult.” Tony threw his arm around Steve's shoulder and pulled him into a side-hug. Steve let himself lean into it. He was so fucking tired of being lonely.
Tony embarked on a lengthy spiel about his own delightful family dynamics and how he’d ended up in Delft and Steve listened quietly. He got less tense by the minute though, so Tony made sure to dredge up plenty of details to stretch his tale. When he finally wound down, they were both kind of melted into the couch and Tony suppressed a yawn. Steve yawned too.
“Good points.” Tony seemed irritated. At his imminent death, or at the waiting or at the prospect of being virtually shackled to Steve 24/7, that wasn't immediately clear. “Alright. Let's go take care of the security system then,
"But, Sire, I..." Galahad trailed off in sobs. Soft as they were, they pierced the silence. Many of the knights looked uncomfortable.
He squeezed Steve’s hand a little and Steve responded by weaving their fingers together, causing another dangerous spike in Tony’s heart rate. Holy shit, what torture was this?
for this.
"Well done, Sir Anthony. That was good thinking." Percival agreed. He was still breathing heavily. Steve, of course, wasn't. Too bad, said a small voice in the back of Tony's head that apparently had a vested interest in hearing Steve pant.
badly, though. His heart clenched at the look on Steve’s face.
Wherever the hell that was. He dragged her to the map, but she wasn't too sure about how it worked and the dimensions of it and Tony got really frustrated trying to make her see it. It didn't help that he had used a modern map and the castle they were currently in was located a couple of miles off the coast of East Anglia, under water, which was kind of hard to explain. Eventually, they figured that Caerleon was most likely located in Wales, all the way across the country. If that was were Steve was, Tony was going to have words with him about wandering off in the completely opposite direction of where Tony had gone.
It feels like a slap and Steve freezes inside, panicky feelings of failure and being a disappointment raring up out of nowhere. He struggles with denying them access to his face as he forces his eyes to look away from his wrists and at Tony's face. The expected anger or exasperation isn't there, though, Tony looks uncertain, but like he' s trying to hide it. As the adrenalin leaves his system in a rush, Steve realizes that maybe Tony would even look scared if he wasn't trying so hard not to.
"Two off," breathed Steve and then he was kissing him. God, it was even better without the facial hair, although Tony would never admit it out loud, because he wasn't shaving his own. Steve was still warm from his shower and Tony slid his fingers into the damp hair at Steve's neck, getting lost in the feel of his mouth on his own. The pressure, the taste, the hint of tongue, it all was so fucking perfect Tony thought he might be ruined after this. The thought flitted through his head that getting ruined shortly before dying wasn't as scary as it otherwise might have been. And then it dawned on him that if this was a two off and there was no guarantee of being able to talk Steve into a three off before he cacked, there was no way he was going to let this opportunity go by without at least getting a
After a few seconds, or hours, Steve gently cupped his head as he pulled out. He held on as he sank down onto his knees in front of Tony and looked him in the eyes.
"Sir Stephen, we have been called, we cannot dither." His elevated perch on horseback made his looking down his nose even more pronounced. Bors had discarded his wood and the others were also getting back onto their horses, and Steve felt stupid just standing there with his branches, but he really didn't see the point of going to attack some random people just because some crazy old man said so. They had better stuff to do.
“I am afraid the good Captain kissed you quite thoroughly, Man of Iron. I believe the Lady Widow has recorded it from yonder rooftop. Perhaps she can persuaded to share, if you are sorry you missed it.” Thor inclined his head, like he always did when he listened to his com unit. “Ah! She says you can find it on Youtube any time you want to see it.”
"No he wasn't. I didn't see one."
"Oh, Sir Stephen, your wisdom and leadership skills are unparalleled." Tony fawned, still giddy with relief.
This of course required much more explanation and Tony tried to keep it brief and then he had to keep Bors from charging in after Percival, because he seemed to think the power of his righteous anger would make him immune to the mind altering effects of the smoke. Tony knew that kind of anger well, so he wasn't a complete dick about it, but on the other hand, he was on a tight schedule here, so he was at least a little bit of a dick. Bors didn't seem to have a very pleasant personality himself, though, so fairly soon Tony was back at work while Bors paced in front of the chapel, occasionally yelling at Tony to hurry the hell up. As if Tony wasn't worried about Steve's soul. Or body. Because he hadn't gotten his hands on the latter yet and he really, really needed to.
Tony hesitated.
“Apple,” he managed between breaths.
"Stand aside, good people. Make way for the knights of King Arthur!" Reluctantly, the crowd parted. Steve ran towards Tony. Several men were still standing over the armor, shovels and crow bars raised, but their attention now on Percival. Steve barked at them to get out of the way and they reluctantly stepped back, lowering their metal implements. Tony was lying on his front. There was no indication whether he was conscious inside the armor or not. Steve was rolling him over when Percy arrived at his side and dismounted. People immediately started pushing in behind him again, yelling for the demon's head.
"Fucking finally," came Clint's voice from far away, but Tony ignored him. He was too busy being mauled. Steve's warm, wet hands were wandering all over. When he squeezed Tony's ass, Tony's hand involuntarily tightened in Steve's hair and Steve groaned and thrust his tongue even deeper into Tony's mouth. Tony could hardly believe this was happening. Cool, dispassionate Steve was kissing him as if he'd been dying to do so for ages. It was heady and overwhelming and completely fucking exhilarating. He pulled on Steve's neck, trying to get even closer and Steve responded by lifting him up as if he weighed nothing. How fucking hot was that? He wrapped his legs around Steve's hips and, oh sweet Jesus, now their cocks lined up and he could feel the press of Steve's erection against his own. It was Tony's turn to moan and renew the onslaught on Steve's mouth.
means, I think it should be fairly obvious,” said Draco and Steve had completely forgotten he was still there. “Wait, here comes Harry. I think he can explain it just as well.” He greeted his husband with a quick kiss.
He strolled over, making sure to roll his hips and plastered himself to Steve's other side, drew Steve's arm around his own shoulders and interlaced their fingers, making sure to flash the wedding ring that matched the one Steve was wearing.
Tony looked him up and down with a speculative look on his face. Steve tried to glare at him, but his face just wouldn’t do it.
Steve got in his face and there was no where else to go.
"Yes, you did. That's what that kiss said, loud and clear." Steve smiled bigger.
But Steve smiled again as if that had been exactly what he wanted to hear. He had shoved his hands in his pockets and inclined his head towards the darkness of the alley.
Percival's gaze went to the still form in Steve's arms. Then he looked at the woman holding the gate open. She smiled and waved at him.
"Seriously, you guys." Natasha said, never taking her eyes off Tony. "Why am I the only woman on a team of emotional Pygmies? Next time we add someone to the team can we get Ms Marvel? Or Wasp? They're not breaking up, dumbass." Well, that was good to know. He hoped Steve was listening to that, if he was listening to anything.
They were silent for a couple of minutes and Tony went back to doodling. Then Bucky turned back to him.
.. I keep telling you. Eidetic memory. I don't know why that is so hard for you to grasp.”
"Cecilia!" he grabbed her arm to turn her towards him, "What is going on and what is the procedure?" Cecilia looked irritated at the interruption until she got a good look at Steve. She almost purred. "It's likely a power outage, they happen quite often. The back up generator usually comes on within 20 minutes and we have to wait until it does."
“Hello, fuck you very much, I do
"Captain Rogers. It's an honor, sir." Rhodey was even doing the military voice thing. Tony scratched his beard and peeked at Steve, who was looking a bit uncomfortable. He'd dropped his hand and drawn up straight, with a slight blush covering his cheeks. Belatedly, he returned the salute.
There was no trace of the kittens in the alley, though, no matter how hard they looked. They expanded their search radius and at some point, without it being a conscious decision, they stopped looking and just started wandering through the town. Tony pointed out some of the historical buildings, decent bakeries and the student associations where you could get a hot meal for just a few bucks during the week. He explained the differences between the ones where all the members were 19 going on 55 and dressed in suits and they were all going to follow in daddy’s footsteps, and the ones where you’d get a political discussion about taking down the establishment served with your meal, and the ones in between. And then he bought them both a portion of French (Flemish) fries with mayonnaise to prove that it really wasn’t as disgusting as it sounded. That, in fact, apart from the mayonnaise, the fries were really better than anything you’d get in the states.
Steve's mom was fifty eight when she died, so Tony is pretty spot on.
“Tony. You weren't going to be released till Thursday!”
"What? No!"
"Well, Sir Stephen is guaranteed to find it, so I am sure God will not lead him astray no matter which way we go." Percival's voice interrupted Tony's thoughts.
Bruce was eating a bowl of yoghurt and muesli in the common room when they entered. He raised a hand in greeting.
Behind him Gwenna ponderously gets off Steve's bed and leaves the room.
a way out, now it felt almost unbearable. Worse even than in the very beginning. Hope was a double edged sword that way, and now he felt trapped all over again. In the wrong place and the wrong time. So much wronger than his seventy year jump into the future. He felt isolated and alone in a way he hadn't had time for in the twenty first century. First he'd been busy fighting off an alien invasion and when the dust had settled he'd had a team. Maybe even friends. Yeah, he'd been lonely and had felt out of place there, but not like this. Nothing like this.
The next moment they had Apparated to a softly lit bedroom. Tony’s, Steve presumend.
"He is probably wearing a contact lens instead."
“You don't think you were friends? I had the impression you were more than friends, with the way he searched for you after the war.”
Steve doubts Tony ever dreams of anything as mundane as casseroles, the man seems more... haunted than that. But then he also seems like the kind of guy who weaves a lot of bullshit in with the serious stuff so he can claim it is all bullshit if he gets called on anything. Like, right now, if Steve were to scoff at him for making demands for food he wasn't even entitled to, he could pass it all off as a joke, even if the sight of one more plate of pasta would truly make him gag. And maybe it's because he's been perving on the man, or maybe it's for reasons better not too closely examined, but Steve finds that he doesn't want to blow him off, even if he thinks Tony would respect him more if he did. Steve has no heart for that kind of machismo though.
"You're not curious?"
Damn!
“Sleep well.”
“If I let you walk in there next week, without the best lawyer my money can buy, and you end up imprisoned for decades... Or worse…” Tony bit back the sound that wanted to escape at that thought. “Because… because your assigned lawyer did a shitty job? God, Steve, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.”
"What are the conditions?" Sam asked.
His feelings were a mess, he didn’t even know how to start making sense of them. Especially not as tired as he was. When the shower shut off, he hadn’t made any progress and when Steve came out of the bathroom in too short pajama pants and a too tight T-shirt, he didn’t move, only turning his head to look at him.. Steve’s hair was still damp and he’d trimmed the beard, but hadn’t shaved it. He hovered by the edge of Tony’s bed for a moment, while Tony watched him, waiting for an offer to sleep on the couch.
having fun. And I dragged you onto the rink so I feel kind of responsible. If I'd allow your genius brains to spill onto the ice, it would a devastating loss to the world. So you'll just have to put up with me." Tony couldn't argue with that without somehow implying that he wasn't a genius or that it wouldn't be a loss for the world if he split his noggin, so he accepted the help more or less gracefully. As lacking in grace as he felt right at the moment, that was quite the feat.
and barely spoke. It wasn't until everyone had gone back to bed and Tony was finally starting to feel better, that he noticed Steve was gone. It was kind of odd. The way he had been freakishly aware of Steve's presence for the last week or so, it was strange to have lost sight of him the way he had right now.
” Steve sounded decidedly unimpressed, “What the hell was that?”
It's Tony stuttering his name that pushes him over the edge.  His hands come down -not on Tony, he barely manages to avoid going for Tony- gripping the edge of the seat as he surges up and slams his hips into Tony, the orgasm quaking through him. His hips miss the edge of the seat, though, as they lower again and Steve's come down becomes an awkward flail as his ass slides to the floor, ripping him out of Tony. Tony curses, then gasps and come strikes Steve's shirt as Tony collapses on top of him, banging one of his knees on the floor in the process. He doesn't seem to notice.
he might manage. He shook his head ruefully at how far the mighty had fallen, then rolled out of his bedroll. Only one way to find out where the party was being held.
Once he'd extracted the air-filtration system out of the armor, together with enough pieces to cover his mouth, nose and eyes (one couldn't risk exposing their mucusy membranes to the toxin) and had pieced them together as well as he could manage under the circumstances, there was only one thing left to do. He considered crossing himself, like Percival did about twenty times a day, but just gritted his teeth instead.
Then Tony watched him walk away, again.
“He is dead, Cap. Won't be able to get him up and running again as long as we're here.”
It took for-fucking-ever.
The cat let out another stuttering purr as Tony dug his fingers into its fur. He made them unclench a bit.
Steve groans. But it somehow helps to know what the plan is. The fear of flying into a panic recedes somewhat and the experience of getting nailed by Tony goes back to 'amazing'. Still, he's sobbing with need by the time Tony's relentless rhythm starts stuttering and Steve can feel the man's cock pulsing in his ass. It's almost enough for him to come untouched,
think that, you big sap" Tony scoffed, "Whatever. As long we can stop talking and start doing it, I'm good with whatever reason. I want you to fuck me." If Steve had been a dog his ears would have perked up. Tony pushed him to the bed.
losing Tony was crushed. The opportunities of one more day, one more kiss were wasted. He took a step towards Tony, but Tony lifted the repulsor and aimed it at his chest. Yeah, he'd overheard, alright.
“That was absolutely fucking awesome!”
"Seriously, Steve. Stop! I
"No? What no? Which part of it no?"
"So. I hear from Sir Percival that you're leaving us to seek the Grail." She obviously wasn't pleased.
“You want it pushed back in?” Tony asks and for one mortifying second Steve has no idea what he is talking about as his mind goes places where he had decided it shouldn't go. Then he realizes Tony means the TV and yes, that definitely has to go back against the wall. It's... wrong this way. Wrong enough to kill the blush threatening to spill over his face.
“No. Never will be that lonely. Talking about being lonely, though. Steve was here last week. I thought you’d want to know.”
"Yeah, well, technically I make Pepper do that. And why are we arguing about this? I offered to be the woman here, jump on that, Mr Porter, before I change my mind and make you do all the steps backwards in high heels." Tony sounded exasperated, but he looked a little embarrassed.
“It’s not like he didn’t know. I’m going to have to see that article.”
“I'm sorry we have to skip breakfast,” Steve said.
Bucky stared at him.
Steve nodded gravely. "It's a good thing you're doing. I'm sure you'll wow them. If it helps I could lift a motorcycle with some of those girls on it, or punch out Hitler for you?"
Tony manfully ignored this reference to the episode he was going to actively forget asap.
Tony laughed. "Sure. If you say so, Captain. Although I haven't done any decent playboying for a couple of years. I guess I am getting old."
“No.”
“Yeah, what’s up with that?” agreed Steve around a mouthful of hot and salty fries. “Not even in Hamburg, if you can believe it. They deep fry the patty there, and the spices are all wrong.”
"Yup. Yup. To the second. Yup."
This isn't a Steve thing. It's a Tony thing.
“But turning yourself in-”
“Oh good, you’re starting to get exasperated. That’s better. That’s almost normal. For fuck’s sake, Steve, I’m sorry, alright? And I really fucking missed you. And I am actually glad Widow told you my secret and twisted my arm to come over here. Just don’t tell her I said that. Now can you come over here and shut me up, please?”
"'Fraid not," laughed Sam. "You'll have to put in your dues like all of us. Although if you want to give us the first cookie you earn, Bruce and I would be most grateful."
It finally dawned on Tony they were talking about Christmas dinner. Whoa!
Tony sat with alacrity. She shot a quick glance at Steve, who was looking a little wild around the eyes, then she turned back to Tony. "Nobody here is spending Christmas alone. Are we clear?"
Steve looked around pensively and spotted Tony holding Sam's wings. He shook his head.
“Apple crumble,” Steve smiles. “I didn't have time to make pie crust.”
“Or! Or I could stay here, avoid a disturbing amount of pain and mentally record what's going to happen here for my spank bank. Or I could physically record it and put it... Ouch! Goddammit, Thor, I am not a kitten! Put me down!”
Sam came forward to shake Tony's hand and gave him a much more genuine smile than Steve had. Having overseen the introductions, Steve continued: "We're looking for my old friend Bucky Barnes, aka the Winter Soldier. We tracked him to New York, but we seem to have lost him. We were hoping J.A.R.V.I.S. would be able to run some data for us. Bucky may have a chance of regaining his memory now that Hydra is more or less defunct and..."
Rhodey's face changed. He was having quite an expressive day today. The silence stretched uncomfortably while Rhodey stared at him and Tony was just about unleash some face saving sarcasm, when Rhodey spoke.
" Steve looked up into his face and put a finger to his lips.
"Stark..."
“I am Morgaine le Fay,” said the ethereal looking woman who was sporting a massive black eye gone green and yellow. The blow she'd been dealt had cut her cheek and eyebrow too, and the angry red scabs completed the picture. Gauntlet, Tony thought, already despising the man who'd punched a woman while armed.
"I'm sure she has picked up on something, somewhere along the line." Tony muttered. "Why are you laughing? This isn't funny."
"Really? Because I'd think the arrows in their bodies would be a dead giveaway!"
As he was staring at the flickering of the candle flame on the ceiling beams, it was hard to keep denying that he actually liked the straight laced dweeb. That he liked his dry humor and his unfaltering goodness. And the easy going smiles, that he used to disarm everyone around him, but that were hiding a core of steel, stubborn and unmovable. The muscles and the big blue eyes and the pouty lips didn't hurt either. He missed the motherfucker, to be honest. If there was anyone on the team Tony wanted with him in a castle full of witches in the fucking Middle Ages, it was Steve. Having only a local audience was okay, but ultimately unsatisfying.
But just before the bus departs, Cindy’s tugging on his pants, bottom lip trembling, and a hint of wobble in her voice when she says, “Mr. Rogers? I think I forgot something...”
It’s downright hysterical.
He stops dead in the doorway. He can’t look away from the screen.
He’s in the kitchen, swearing at their microwave and trying to make popcorn for movie night. Trying is the key word here, because even though the hunk of metal in their shitty off-campus apartment rattles and clanks like a steam engine, there hasn’t been a single popped kernel.
Tony gives him a rueful smile. “Pepper, Happy, Rhodes - none of them are pleased about the whole recreational superhero gig I’ve got going on. They’re always begging me to ‘leave it to the professionals’, but seems like this is a hobby I just can’t quit.”
“No way!” “Mr. Rogers!?” “That’s so cool!”
They’re tangled up in thousand-count sheets. Tony’s stroking along the edges of the soulmark on Steve’s chest, which sends tingles of delight down his spine.
he can hear that he times the beats to. After a couple of moments, he opens his eyes.
“Stevie!” Bucky calls from the living room.
“Don’t get too close - “ Steve starts, but gets waved off by Iron Man.
He shakes her hand, relieved he’d had the wherewithal to wipe them off on his pants just moments earlier. “Likewise, Miss Potts.”
Steve can’t hold back the eye roll this time. He hopes the rest of the villains in New York are this incompetent. He also hopes someone has taken the opportunity to call the police while the leader is distracted.
He tilts his head in confusion. He
Turning away from Steve, Bucky gives the banged up Iron Man armor an assessing look. “You want medical care while you’re here, Stark?”
“What is so damn important?” he snaps, “I swear if it’s another Fast and Furious movie announcement, I’ll - “
It only takes a minute or two before Iron Man’s lowering him down onto the front steps of the MoMA. Steve can’t keep the grin off his face. His hair probably looks like a rats nest, but he can’t bring himself to care.
The snarl has Tony’s palm coming up in a defensive stance, pointing towards where a furious Bucky is storming across the intake room. Buck barely spares him a glance. Steve tries to sink deeper into his seat.
There are gasps of shock, incredulous looks, squeals of delight. Cindy whips around to look at Steve, eyes wide.
“Well looks like that’s taken care of." There’s clanking as Tony moves away from the corner of the room. "It’s pretty convenient that your boyfriend’s a nurse.”
The intimidation factor only increases as he approaches the receptionist. He’s overly aware of the scuff mark on his shoe from where Bucky had thrown it at him earlier. It doesn't help that the front desk is almost as tall as he is.
“Alright kid, I think the worst of it is a mild concussion. My shift is over in forty, and Sharon says you can wait in the staff area until we can go home.”
He strokes her hair, making soothing noises at her. “Cindy, it’s alright - I’m alright. Iron Man saved me.”
When Steve goes to unbutton his shirt, Tony looks comically scandalized for someone who was known for having orgies on a regular basis.
As they lie there, curled up in one another, Steve thinks that maybe - just maybe - the universe knows what it's doing.
“You wait here just a minute Steve, I’ll bring Tony up to meet you.”
with smiling, generically attractive stock photo models holding hands in a sunny field.
<<< >>>
“What did I say, Stevie? What do I
The receptionists are not at all surprised to see him. It’s a testament to their professionalism that the sight of Tony Stark looming in full armor doesn’t garner more than an extra blink. The same can’t be said of the other emergency room occupants. Steve thinks he sees a guy holding his own finger in a cup taking a video of them with his phone.
Steve shrugs and waves his hand around for what he hopes conveys
“Alright!” he seethes, hands going to his hips. “Alright!? I get to watch on TV as you get taken hostage by some lunatic and don’t even get a courtesy call to say you’re alive?”
“Well,” Tony starts. “I’ve gotta say, it’s refreshing to not be the recipient of that particular lecture.”
<<< >>>
His brain trips up on the image of Tony asking Bucky about
Tony winces.
The doctor says something else in a mild tone as he hands both Steve and Tony a copy of the results. Steve can’t hear a thing over the pounding of his own heartbeat. When he glances down, he makes out the title of - oh great - one of those pamphlets he got back in high school:
“ - I’m contractually obligated to save you in a very courteous manner.”
"That Tokyo meeting would have been a disaster whether I was two hours late or not. And honestly Pepper, unless it's a chalupa from that taco stand in Malinalco, I don't - "
"There's Mr. Rogers, always looking out for my well being."
This time it's a Wednesday when the universe sends him another curve ball.
Latching onto his hand, Cindy nods. He turns to say one last thank you, but to his surprise, Iron Man makes every motion to follow along. They push through the crowd to where Ms. Sheppard is trying to corral both their classes.
. Those people had to have their own soulmark, and yet they were willing to throw it all away for even a chance at Tony’s affections.
The arc reactor captures his attention immediately. It’s just as beautiful as he imagined it would be, glowing warm and strong from the center of the armor. The blue is a slightly different shade than his soulmark, but there’s no mistaking the shape of it. He’s been staring at the arc reactor for years, before Tony even had the real thing in his chest. Despite the events of the day, his fingers itch for a sketchbook. Pictures don’t do it justice.
“You may call me Jarvis, sir.”
Right there, on the grainy screen of the TV Sam and Bucky picked up dumpster diving in Queens, is his soulmark. It’s sitting on the chest of Tony Stark - as in CEO of Stark Industries and multiple-PhD-holding, Tony Stark.
He’s vaguely aware of someone guiding him by his elbow from the doorway to the couch. It might be Natasha. His eyes stay glued to the screen as he sinks into familiar brown leather.
Steve decides to deal with the fact that this is his first time seeing his soulmate in person later. Preferably when armed men are not involved. Shaking himself, he turns and runs towards the exit. Something catches his attention out of the corner of his eye.
"Seems like Pepper is going to have to reschedule that board meeting after all."
“Christ Steve,
- breathe - There’s a rhythmic
It’s off to the side, only a couple hundred yards away, sitting innocently under a Fragonard. A voice that sounds a hell of a lot like Bucky tells him to quit being a knucklehead and keep running, but his feet are already moving in the other direction. Dodging around a sculpture, ducking under a stray light beam, he scoops up the lunchbox -
“That was quite the ride,” Steve says.
"I know right? I was a third year art student showing up to robotics lectures and lugging around Atomic Physics For Beginners. All my classmates thought I was going off the deep end."
<<< >>>
The white leather of the medical table is surprisingly comfortable.
This visit is really not going as planned.
Growing up riddled with health issues had taught Steve that normal rules didn't apply to him. While Bucky had spent summer days skinny dipping and nights out dancing, Steve had spent them in bed, wracked with fever and only able to sketch adventures he would never get to go on.
“Oh?” Tony says, just this side of too-casual.
phone number, which you have yet to use by the way. I asked you out to dinner on a
"Yes, sorry sir, of course." His whole demeanor changes as he fumbles across the desk to offer up a metal card. Steve’s a little unnerved by the abrupt change. "You'll need this to access the elevator. It's the one on the far left."
a lecture.
And the smile he gets is a little more genuine as she waves a hand at him. “Oh please, call me Pepper.”
“Mr. Rogers actually saved
<<< >>>
The resentment in his tone takes Steve aback. He’d known there would have to be a few considering how famous Tony was - maybe four or five?
“Thank you for taking care of them. I’m assuming the school knows about the situation?”
There’s the sound of Tony scoffing and even that’s enough to have Steve’s heartbeat making a racket in his chest.
It’s a Thursday night this time.
“Bucky is not my boyfriend!” Steve manages to squeak out.
Ducking into the bathroom, he stands in front of the mirror and traces the mark with shaky fingers. He can hear the clank of pots and pans in the kitchen, the muffled sound of his Ma and Bucky chatting. It feels surreal.
“Sorry to crash the party.“ Iron Man stands up, shaking the rubble from his shoulders and bringing his gauntlets up to fire. “It seemed like it could use a little more action.”
“Mr. Rogers I’m sorry!” Cindy cries, rubbing tears and snot onto his pants. “I’m so sorry!”
And now he's fully speechless.
The guy startles and turns to look at him, as if he’s surprised to see someone with enough nerve to talk back. Must not be a native New Yorker then.
There’s a cry of pain above him. He turns to see the minion collapse on the floor, taken out by a repulsor blast.
Warm brown eyes dancing with amusement, Tony glances back up to Steve.  It’s a struggle to breathe again.
Iron Man’s down to just the Baron himself, engaged in a battle that looks more like an elaborate light show. Just out of Iron Man’s view, one of the minions starts rising from the floor, raising a musket that’s aimed straight at his back.
“I personally escorted you to a hospital,” Tony continues, ticking fingers off his hand. “ I gave you my
And then Tony’s scooping him up again, Steve too discombobulated to put up much of a fight. Shrieks of delight follow them as they take off into the sky.
Tony laughs as he flips through the cards, taking a moment to read through Isaiah's letter.  "I don't know how you expect me to turn down the Johnson family recipe for gingerbread cookies."
Tony lets out a hum, content to continue outlining the mark. “I like that. It suits the possessive bastard in me.” He chuckles when Steve cuffs him lightly over the head. “What can I say - I was an only child. But I’m surprised he didn’t notice, Bucky the all-knowing.”
“It’s the same shade of blue as your eyes.”
Staring up at Stark Tower, Steve clutches his shoulder bag closer. A part of him wants to turn around and hop back on the subway. This is a bad idea, no matter what Bucky says.
Tony’s been hovering.
"I would love to, but - I just - I - " At Tony's steadily rising eyebrow, Steve loses traction again. "I'm just not sure it's a good idea."
A blush burns across his cheeks. He watches the warmth in Tony's eyes grow as he looks through the stack. But towards the bottom of the pile, Tony freezes. There’s a minute or two where he seems genuinely caught off guard by what’s on the paper.
Tony snorts. “Just a hobby? This could be professional work.”
noticed that, but he figured it was a trivial detail.
The kids are almost breathless with anticipation.
But the kids had been insistent. They had used all their free arts and crafts time to make sure that "Mr. Iron Man gets a BIG thank you", writing cards and drawing pictures with gold and red blobs that could only very generously be said to resemble the Iron Man armor.
