While watching Thor Peter wandered into the room. He yawned, taking in everyone in the room before sitting down next to Steve. “Who’s the new guy?” Peter asked, twirling his chair around and sitting in it backward.
“Keep talking like that and I might have to ask you to dinner Barton.” Bucky chuckled with Clint as they walked towards a fire escape.
Rising back to his feet Steve opened his mouth to speak, but the gun cocking behind him stopped them all. Turning around slowly Steve took in the stance of Rumlow, gun trained on the kid on the ground. “I’m sure Hell wouldn’t mind taking you in then?” Barnes stepped in front of the barrel, blocking the man’s shot.
Shortly after that, they ended the meeting, much to Tony’s pleasure. Walking out to his car Tony had never felt more relaxed. But soon enough his dream came back full force and the frown covered his face faster than a punch to his face. What could he possibly do to get rid of this feeling? “Feeling blue, Stark?” Tony jumped slightly before glaring at the man who sat in his convertible. Loki sipped on a latte, hair up, sunglasses down, and nails seemingly freshly done.
He took the elevator down to the lab floor, punching in a code before allowing the elevator to move. Tony had JARVIS hooked up to the tower already, but there was something about the manual means of getting to his workspace that made Tony feel as if he were in his favorite spy movie. It was real James Bond type that made Tony keep the number punching code.
“What’s your game kid? Why come and tell me this story? I know that you haven’t told this to Roger’s, otherwise he wouldn’t be coming after me.” His eyes slanted, “What do you think that I can do, that Roger’s can’t?”
“Get to you, sir. Thought that you’d want to hear what it is they gots to say.” The dock manager looked bored, used to this type of behavior. “Told him you’d be bloody pissed off, but he wouldn’t hear it. Bloke said that he’d even start writing it down if we cut out his tongue. He’s a rather big nuisance really.” Tony walked over to the body, glancing it over. He took in the man’s work shirt, the flannel, the blue jeans, heavy boots. The bullet wound had long since stopped bleeding, and the blood was clotted up creating a lump on the corpse's forehead.
“What was his speech?” Tony suddenly asked, turning back to his manager with a smirk that didn’t quite reach through to his eyes.
“You don’t know that. Tony Stark is a brilliant man, he’s made billions on weaponry and high-tech for the military and his own mob. I just don’t doubt his ability to create a tracking device to put on all of his members.” Bucky walked away, following Thor through the narrow doorway. Steve huffed and leaned back against the wall. He didn’t know what Tony had done to Bucky, what spooked him so badly, but Steve was hoping to find out soon.
Steve didn’t understand entirely what was happening between the two brothers. If he were being honest he’d let Loki go. The man had only thrown the knives in warning, something that anyone with their background would have done to show that they were with the powerhouse of the area.
“Obadiah has meetings overseas, in your Hong Kong branch if I remember this right.” She glanced at the tablet a moment before making a noise, “Tck, looks like I was right. So that leaves you to talk with them. Don’t disappoint me, Tony. I expect you to be on time.” Pepper put the tablet down at her side and smiled at Tony for a moment. “I was also told by Bruce that he plans to travel back with Obadiah. He’ll be here within a week and he sends word that he looks forward to seeing you again.”
A sad smile graced Bucky’s face as he looked at where his arm used to be. “My hardest costs me.” With that said, Barnes walked away from Steve to head towards the door. “Natasha and Clint want to update you on some information. Also, Nat wants to know what your plan is with Peter. The kid has been following her, and Sam around recently. Asking questions that they aren’t sure if they can answer quite yet.”
He sighed. “What do you think Loki?” Tony called out to the man. He, Loki, apparently had taken to watching him rather than the events of the Mob before him.
“Mr. Stark, I just wish to talk with you about getting some land. We don’t have to find the file. I just want a place where I can get settled here for business.” Tony blinked rapidly. He hadn’t said anything after… Where had that voice come from? “Are you listening?”
“I think that Wilson is good enough to leave to do that. They’re stupid, don’t change their hideout, and barely ever leave the more that we confront them. They’ll be underground before you know it.” Loki returned the glasses to his face, though left his drink alone. Tony clambered in himself, picking up the latte and taking a sip. It was gross but Tony needed the pick me up.
Walking back to his desk Tony glanced back at the girl. “Send him up. I have some time now before I leave.” She nodded, not at all questioning his dismissal of the other meetings. The girl promptly left the room with a click of heels and a flip of hair. Tony was sure that she was no older than 19. When did he start hiring his staff that young?
He blinked but didn’t falter. Instead Tony let Bruce off on his floor before heading up to the penthouse. Bruce was likely tired and didn’t want to stay up for much longer. They could catch up later, but for now Tony wanted some Scotch.
The point of waking up in the awful hours of the morning was so that Tony had an excuse to drink several cups of coffee before going to the office. But he had not had the chance to drink one drop of that precious liquid. Pepper was insistent that Tony attend meetings while she searched the archives for a Mr. Barnes. “If you want me to do this Tony you are going to have to do something in it for me. That’s why it’s called a deal.”
Running from the cops, same principle. He and Bucky were running along rooftops, evading and stopping often enough that they were sure that the cops didn’t know where they were anymore. Clint and Bucky had been running through a checklist handed to Bucky from Peter, who’d been given it by Steve. It was simple enough, let's scout in this area, don’t get spotted, report back, don’t forget the milk this time D&#^it! Clint still forgot the milk. It was because of this that they had been spotted by the police in the first place. Bucky should have guessed that Clint’s arsenal wasn’t all the way hidden as they would have hoped.
When the doors opened to reveal his lab, Tony started to strip out of his more designer clothes into the tank top and stained jeans that were thrown over the couch. They were there from when Tony was called up to his meeting with Obie. Tony smirked at the what he might have looked like, the image of him as he rode naked in his elevator up to the penthouse where he’d had most of his nicer clothes stored. The discarding of his clothes made getting into the shower faster, so he’d justified his nakedness to make up for lost time. Though Tony was sure that JARVIS had already deleted the footage of Tony anyways as to keep him out of trouble.
“Only about once a month. It was worse after his tour, but I was starting to learn to handle my own attacks once he started to experience his. He hasn’t had it easy, but he’s got our support.” Peter nodded. At least Steve had that.
Gun shots were sounding from outside. Tony thought that he might be able to get them to a spot where there weren’t any gunmen, but that was starting to look like a fruitless endeavor the closer Tony got to an actual exit. “F#^*!” He growled through his teeth before looking around the warehouse more. There weren’t very many exits for him to choose from, and the longer they were there the closer Tony felt to having lung cancer at 35 in a few years.
“You aren’t that bright, are you?” Tony murmured, Steve turned slowly to stare at The Merchant of Death. Steve held up the clip over his shoulder. Tony glanced at the gun and put the gun down.
Steve packed up his bag, throwing it over his shoulder quickly before following after Bucky. “I’ll talk with him. I sort of wouldn’t mind taking him in. He looks like a kid who might want a family for a change.”
It seemed to hit a nerve. The Merchant spun on his heel and held out a small caliber gun towards Steve’s direction. “Won’t. I have no need to expand over into Brooklyn. I’m capable of taking the world out from under everyone from where I stand here.” The joking tone left, and Steve couldn’t feel the sharp edges of the grin nailing into him. “Howard broke it off with your little group long before Barnes died. Yet you still tried to go to him for help?” The Merchant turned the barrel towards the ceiling, sighing. “You don’t know the first thing about territories, do you?”
When they were out of listening distance Steve rounded back on Rumlow with a hard glare. “Let’s go out and have a chat, Brock.” Steve felt the oddest sense of satisfaction when he saw Rumlow gulp hard.
It was the high places that no one dares look. People always looking left and right, even down, but they rarely ever look up. It was something that Clint relied on when he went out, especially on a job. There were a few others in the family that understood what Clint was on about when he spoke about liking high places. Those few others being Natasha and Bucky. Though Natasha liked to stay close to the ground the few jobs that Clint went with her on generally involved her evading gunmen by falling from above. Clint knew that she trusted his judgment on this. As for Bucky, he was a sniper. He was used to getting a shot from a higher ground and knew that many didn’t think to look above for the big hunk of muscle that he was… is.
I know it isn't Saturday, but I was already on chapter 4 when I decided that I would give you guys a new chapter.
This made Tony’s smile almost genuine. “Living under a rock? Or just not a fan of the New York Times? I’m Anthony Stark, CEO of Stark Industries, a registered genius, billionaire, philanthropist, and a good lay in bed if you want to give it a try.” Tony winked at him, nearly chuckled then the telling signs of blush started to come over his face. “But if that’s too long for you, Tony will suffice,” Tony cracked another smile, “though if you don’t want to tell me your name I’d gladly call you master this evening.”
“He isn’t entirely out of the know when it comes to keeping his mouth shut. Though I probably should have asked Logan instead, but he was already drunk and I didn’t think that I had the patience to try and tell him what to do.” Tony knew that Loki was probably right. He didn’t like explaining anything to a drunk Logan either. “Besides, if they see Wilson I doubt they’ll try anything. He knocked Thor on his A$% with a single punch. They all looked as if they were going to crap themselves.” Tony laughed heartedly along with Loki. He could imagine Wilson, 17-year-old Wilson, throwing punches at men that were over twice his size.
“Found this kid rummaging around with the electrical around back.” Clint shoved the kid forward into the light, crossing his arms like he was a part of some mafia… Steve shook his head. Instead, he brought his attention to the kid in front of him. He was skinny, lanky in some ways. He wasn’t done growing. His eyes flew up to reach Steve’s and didn’t leave.
“Tony Flippin Stark.” Steve twirled a finger in the air, a growl in frustration following. “Nearly called security because I panicked and wouldn’t tell him my name. If we ever meet this guy know that I went with my shield emblem card.” Bucky chuckled at the mention of it.
The man’s hand was bleeding profusely. The gun had fallen to the ground, and he seemed to be struggling to stop the blood flow. “KaжeToя, я BaC HeдooдeHH.” Bucky recognized the language. He knew it… Because Natasha taught him.
The of gunpowder and smoke was something that Tony had grown up around, it was like a cologne to him by this point and practically followed him everywhere. It was something that he used in the boardroom to throw at the board that he knew how to build and wield a weapon. It was how he got the higher brass to listen to him when he presented an idea. The Merchant used it to invoke fear among those who tried to go against him. Now the smell only made his migraine worse.
Yinsen scrambled over by him and put his hands up behind his head. “Don’t look them in the eye and do as I do.” Then the door pushed open and a big burly man walked out. Tony went stalk still, then relaxed. His eyes hardening to the Merchant in an instant.
I thought for a while what I was going to do with this story. Whether or not it would be dead or if I should put it up for adoption. But I found my notes, I looked back at the comments and... I want to keep writing this story.
But now, Tony was staring at a big, burly looking Blonde. Blue eyes that Tony swore were meant for a true American, and muscles so large that Tony was sure he wouldn’t win in a fist fight… He was downright perplexed. The clip, though Tony thought he’d checked for, had been missing from the gun when he held it up to the other man. Now Tony sat at the table and just stared at the door where the blonde had disappeared. “Steve Rogers,” Tony mumbled, letting his head fall backward and sighing. “I feel like I shouldn’t be this shocked by you. But then again,” His head lulled to the side to stare at a double-sided window that had Tony wondering where they’d gotten it from. “I was more expecting Barnes’ type of brain. I’ve never had the chance to know your own family.” There was a small screeching noise that Tony could hear, but he didn’t smirk. Just stared.
“I believe the Merchant expressed how upset he would be should you go against his orders.” Thor was suddenly punched to the side, away from Loki. The smaller, darker man seemed to smirk at the sight and rose to greet whoever had arrived. A man in a red coat and with a butt ton of ammo stood in front of Loki. His face was obscured with a mask, and if Steve was gauging his height correctly he wasn’t much older than Peter.
The mental records that Tony kept of his father’s old deals sprang through his head. Opening and shutting file cabinets that had they been real would have collected spider webs in due time. “I’m assuming that your father’s name was Roger’s as well?”
When Tony had shown up unexpectedly on the day that Obadiah was going to sign over the family to Hammer, Tony had wandered in with a pistol. Locked and loaded. Aimed. Shot a small hole into the forehead of Hammer before signing the bottom line himself as the new Italian Mob leader. After that Tony didn’t stop firing for a month. He’d shot several men on that one day alone, then proceeded to take down everyone that he viewed a threat to the family. Tony was on his way to shoot Obadiah when Rhodey stopped him.
Tony latched onto Steve’s heavy form, dragging it a few feet before having to cough from the smoke. The warehouse was up in flames and starting to bring the building down on top of them should Tony keep them there any longer. “Steve, I swear to God that if you don’t wake up after this I will be royally pissed at you.” Tony took off his jacket then and took a few breaths beneath it before trying to grab hold of the bigger man once again.
Silence washed over them again, slightly awkward though Steve could tell it was only because Peter was still wound with tension. The mob boss tapped his finger against the table after a while and sighed. “We aren’t going to hurt you, Peter, I hope that you’ll see that. In fact, I want to ask you to join the family.” Peter’s hard stare was the only thing that greeted Steve back. It made Steve wonder how many people had opened their homes to him, only for them to burn him in the end. “We would all protect you. Teach you the ropes. I could get you into a school in Brooklyn that would suit a kid like you.”
She was silent for a while, not speaking until a solid five minutes passed. “When I went to Manhattan’s mall today, there was a little girl who was buying a pair of ballet shoes. It… It made me remember.” Steve nodded.
“Same as always. What about you? I haven’t heard from you since I went out of the US of A.” There were some garbled noises on the other side of the line until Tony heard his friend once more.
“So am I. Steve, ever since we left Brooklyn you’ve been on edge. I know that you haven’t been to this place since your Ma and even your tour ended, but that doesn’t mean that you need to panic over nothing. We will be safe hiding out here for a few months, but until then keep your pants loose and just chill. Nat will let us know if anyone is gonna come after us, and if we are jumped we’ll raise Hell and send them back with their tails between their legs.” Bucky rose then, gesturing with his arm at the skyline once more. “Those people, who you saw, they’re just people. Living the grind. Just like we are.”
“He should listen next time.” He saw the faint look of a smirk on Nat’s face before it went away and the same cold mask replaced it.
“I think Bruce is just homesick. I know that he wasn’t all that happy to be going on this research trip in the first place. He’d wanted to be here when the other gang showed up.” Tony knew that Pepper was right. Bruce got really antsy when Tony had told him that another gang was headed for Manhattan. He’d expressed to Tony several times that he wasn’t comfortable leaving Tony and the family behind while he was likely safer in the middle east.
“You can’t solve everything with this reckless violence, Tones. They’ll kill you if you don’t get yourself under control.” Rhodey, a voice of reason and the one person who Tony could see never double crossing him. So, Tony had stopped, only pulling the trigger himself when he saw it necessary. Twice so far.
Steve Rogers believed that he knew New York rather well. He’d grown up there most of his life and had only left it when he’d served overseas for the few years of the army lifestyle that he could take. If he was honest it was the letter from Peggy that brought him home. Bucky by that time had already lost his arm in battle and was recovering back in the states. Phillips, his commanding officer, sent him back without a word. Honorable discharge, family reasons. Steve had been relieved and upset with the idea that he was going home with little less than a few scratches and several years of PTSD. Though he would never forget his battle with Schmidt.
I started up practice and school these past few weeks. Chapters will come out when I have time to write them.
“You said you weren’t going to do the demo, Tony. You have three meetings on those days, and those were already the rescheduled ones. The board is not going to be ignored for this long, Tony. Tell Obie another day.” Tony ran his fingers over the cool metal that he was working with. It wasn’t smooth, not yet.
Taking a seat in front of his holograms Tony flipped through of few of his specs before stopping on a few. He enlarged them, put them aside then pulled open more documents. Tony worked like this for a few minutes, soon enough getting up for the coffee machine that he’d built in the corner of the lab. He’d thank his genius brain for the idea and wondered for only a second why he’d thought not putting a coffee machine in the lab in the first place was a good idea. Taking a sip from the sweet nectar Tony patted the top of DUM-E’s claw as the bot slowly woke. The AI bot acknowledged his creator’s presence for only a second before shooting across the room and resuming his ministrations of how to operate the fire extinguisher. Tony shook his head at what he was sure was possessed by a child soul before returning to his desk.
“We’ll reach the safe house in 10 minutes if we go by foot. Want me to signal we’re moving on?” Steve nodded and started walking on leaving Bucky to signal to the others while Steve scouted ahead. There was shift about them all. Everything seemed to seamlessly work together as they all walked forward.
Tony ripped them away, trying to see his chest, trying to understand what it was that was strapped to his chest. His heart likely skipped.
Tony pulled out a handkerchief and rubbed away the bloody specks from his face, walking over the body as he made his way back to his car.
Bruce had come through earlier with medicine before being practically thrown out of the penthouse by the barrage of pillows that Tony threw at him. Migraines put Tony off on a worse mood than anything else. Most of his men (and women) knew to leave him alone when he was like this. Bruce only breached the room simply because he knew what medicine Tony needed and that he’d run out just a few weeks before he went missing. His head throbbed badly.
“Anthony Stark, though I prefer Tony. Or Mr. Stark will do. What can I do for you?” Vanko… Tony heard that last name before from his father. They were Russian. Tony walked over to where he kept his hollow projections and checked over his company files, nothing.
Tony cleared his throat, “I didn’t know who it was until I met their leader this afternoon. They haven’t moved from that warehouse, have they?” There was some jostling on the other end along with a groan.
Tony didn’t recall any company documents under that name. Tony made a small noise before shaking his head.
Steve waited awkwardly for Tony to arrive, standing on the sidewalk right outside of his dormitory. He was fumbling with his hands, picking at his nails carelessly. The heat from the outdoors was beginning to make him sweat, and the bugs were beginning to try and bite at his neck. Steve swatted them away. He had decided to be early, too, which ended up being a big mistake. People who passed by gave him second looks, which only meant one thing: he was entirely out of place. His hair was done up and was wearing a suit with the nicest shoes he owned. In the bathroom mirror, the blond had thought he looked somewhat decent. But now in public, his low self-esteem was really beginning to shine.
"I was going to say decent, but that's another way of wording it," Tony jokingly added on. "Don't stress about it. You look great."
He slipped the note in his pocket and began to remove the bow from the package. He removed the top, only to see the suit sitting inside.
"I... Did he make you uncomfortable? What am I asking, of course he did, that asshole, I'm going to--" Tony was started to ramble, his face turning red as his eyebrows furrowed.
The silence between the two college boys said everything that Tony needed to know. Of course, Steve would accept his offer, hell knows he needs it. Tony could only hope that Steve would accept his offer. His father was picky when it came to dates. All of the women he brought to him didn't meet any of his standards. That one doesn't know how to properly drink wine, that one can't go three sentences without saying the word like, that one doesn't look good in green. They had to be perfect in every single way. Knowledgeable, pretty, honest and whatever else Howard could think of on the spot. Pepper Potts was the one Howard wanted Tony to pick.
Balancing a sport and classes was not easy, but the blond knew that Coach wouldn't take that as an excuse. In a hurry. Steve had emailed him about it. It explained his current situation, and how he would make up for it later. But in came the one sentenced response:
The tutoring session went well, unlike how Steve had thought it would go originally. He imagined Tony getting angered at him for not understanding simple topics, but it was quite the opposite. Tony was extremely patient, always going in-depth and allowing him to ask questions whenever he wanted to. By the time they were done, the library had cleared out except for them, the librarian, and two more students at the most.
Instead of pondering over it, Steve decided to over his lines for later instead. “Tony, I really like… no, not that. Ugh, Bucky made this sound way too easy.”
He rolled the window back up as they pulled into a parking lot. Steve almost got out, but Tony seemed to be stuck in place. He left the car door alone, waiting for Tony's cue to get out. Silence filled the space between them once again.
!" Steve interrupted the brunet. Tonight there would be no physical confrontations between Tony and his father, he would make sure of that. "What are you-- no, don't worry about me. This is all just very... new. These people say cutting remarks between straight, white teeth. I honestly have no idea how anyone could deal with them alone as long as you have."
"Go take a fucking shower," Bucky told Steve, scrunching his nose in disgust. "You smell horrible.  Goddamn ."
"You got the right place," Steve said with an awkward nod of his head. "Thanks for that, by the way."
Steve rolled the window down in excitement, getting hit with a gust of fast blowing air. It blew his hair back and dried his eyes and mouth out, but he couldn't find one part of him that really seemed to care. He could fix his hair later. His body would always produce more saliva and his eyes would always produce an endless supply of tears.
Steve for the last two days had opted out of football practice. He had been in his dorm, catching up on the work that he hadn't yet finished for his classes. His grades were gradually going down because of these missing assignments. But of course Coach Fury would think this was due to arrogance. The nights were long, not to mention that the coffee maker in his small kitchen was broken. (He and Bucky had tried to fix it. Many times. It seemed as if now they would only have to buy a new one. Another valuable fifteen dollars down the drain for something that would probably break again.)
“See, it kinda does. Maria was a smart choice for Howard -- good family, good looking, knew how all of this worked, and already had connections. Plus, I like her.”
"I'm just messing with you, Stevie. Don't get so worked up about it, okay? I care about you, and Tony is much or less a... fuckb--"
Once or maybe even twice Steve had been able to talk to both of them. From what he knew, they could put up a very good arm-wrestling match.
seem to get Tony off of his mind. The blond tossed and turned in his small mattress, shutting his eyes closed and trying his best to go to sleep. He needed it desperately for tomorrow, for there would be class and football practice. Not to mention his tutoring session. Violently sobbing himself to sleep was another option he could go for, but Steve wasn't in the mood to bother Bucky with his meaningless crying. The boy groaned, running his hands through his hair.
The blond went to the door, opening it without checking through the peephole first. If a murderer were to come into their dorm, he was sure that they wouldn't knock first. But no one was there. And on the floor, was a medium-sized box with a bow on it. He leaned down to pick it up and carried it back inside. Steve put the box on the kitchen counter, spotting the tag on the side. He grabbed it carefully, reading the handwriting on the inside.
"Shrimp, huh? I could get you some, you know," Tony offered. "We could go to that one nice place downtown and get takeout. I would eat it with you here if... your roommate doesn't mind."
"Its a perfectly enjoyable movie," Bucky responded, smacking Sam on the arm. "And don't talk with your mouth full, it's disgusting. Right, Steve?"
"You have... you -- don't let this get to your head -- are extremely charming, handsome, and polite. Surprisingly funny, too. And you're all around just -- I don't know, Rogers, okay? You were just... my best bet."
To say that Tony was simply just a genius was an understatement. He had been in multiple magazines for his discoveries and inventions while working at the side of his father. Tony had been interviewed many times and had even written articles on some of his studies. Steve only wished he could be that smart. Teachers all around the campus adored Tony. Steve also wished that he could say that same about teachers' attitudes towards him.
Tony glanced back up at Roger’s with his forced smile. “Well, I suppose if that is all that you need I’ll speak with you later.” He motioned for the door.
“Steve?” Peter’s young voice cut through to the mob boss who stared straight at him. “Bucky just walked in… He looks-” Peter wasn’t able to finish his sentence as Steve stormed past, nearly knocking the young boy (man?) from where he stood in the doorway.
“Look. Just give me a little bit of time. No need to get all trigger happy.” Tony put up a sheepish grin, putting up hands though that seemed to anger Vanko more so he put them down. His fingers twitched, again. “J…” Tony called out to his AI who made his presence known by flicking on the television. JARVIS wasn’t going to risk Tony getting shot by speaking. Many mob bosses didn’t react well to JARVIS suddenly speaking. Tony liked to link the 2002 incident to how fast his draw was against a boss who had cornered Tony in his office downstairs. He still had a scar from where the guy had gotten a lucky hit. “Tell Pepper to look through the V files.” The television flickered off, so Tony took that as it meant.
Tony was starting to wonder if Yinsen’s voice was going to come back. Good to know he was still there to offer his words of wisdom.
Peter liked the late-night events well enough. The warehouse was quiet, just like it had been for the past two weeks that he’d been with the family. Sometimes one of the other members would be awake, but most of the time it was only Peter. Tonight, was different.
Bucky’s hand clasped on Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t beat yourself up over this. Dad put you in charge for a reason. You and I both know that I wouldn’t have been all that much better.” It was true. Bucky didn’t have the leadership skill that Steve did when it came to the family. In the army, Bucky had been a snipper. He’d taken out enemies on his own, alone. He had a team, but that didn’t mean that he worked side by side with a lot of them. He stayed still. It was only because that he was at Steve’s side that had resulted in Bucky losing his left arm, brought him home for his father to try and patch him together. It was in the letter from Peggy that Steve learned that Bucky’s dad had named him the next leader of their family.
“Not really. Just keep at it like it’s normal. Don’t let anyone know that I’m out of town.” Tony’s voice grew serious as he spoke with his longtime friend. It was crucial to him that no one knew that he was gone. If he wanted the Irish to skip town they couldn’t realize that the Merchant left.
Steve set down one of his many documents. They were practically scattered across his table. Some of them were from operations that they still had in Brooklyn, but a few were of new ones that they were starting here in Manhattan. “Yes, Peter?” The boy entered, closing the door behind him quietly. “Is there something that I can help you with?”
Guys, I'm hoping to get to a more interesting storyboard of this fic soon. I know it's moving at super slow speeds, but give it time. We'll get to the good stuff soon. >:)
It was hot. Really, hot. Tony didn’t think that it would get this hot out in a dessert so quickly. He wanted water so badly. His feet stumbled through the sand and Tony wanted to collapse. But he couldn’t. He had to keep going.
245 people were killed the day/month that Tony claimed his title, Merchant of Death. After Howard had died several men and women alike approached Obadiah for the leadership position within the mob. Tony had been at MIT at the time. Justin Hammer’s father was the likeliest candidate for next leader, but they hadn’t thought about Tony. Young, innocent, ‘stay over there and be quiet’ Tony Stark. Who’d been taking shooting lessons since he was young, listening in on most of his dad’s business meetings while his father acted as if he weren’t there. Tony knew the family like the back of his hand, knew everyone, who was trustworthy, who would stab him in the back.
“Perhaps there is a way we could make the process faster?” Steve was fast (eager?) to offer his help. Tony could only think of the word desperate when he thought about it further.
Tony sighed. “I should just go to bed.” When he didn’t get a reply he noticed that Pepper had hung up on him.
“Loki wouldn’t say, just that he wants to know your opinion.” Tony nodded, sighing softly as to not aggravate his chest further. The reactor in his chest limited his oxygen intake already enough, he didn’t need this to make it worse. “Will you be alright? Maybe go upstairs, sleep a little bit? I’ll even stay with you if you don’t want to be alone.” The offer was tempting and Tony almost jumped at the idea of going to bed with someone that he trusted entirely.
“Whatever you are about to say, shut it.” Tony brought his hands away from his face, glowering at the intern that had opened his door. She was cute, small, not Tony’s type at all.
Bucky’s eyes snapped to Tony, who’s eyes seemed darker, more threatening. There were feet pounding against the floor outside, but Bucky wasn’t sure that they would be there in time. Tony’s finger was shaking on the trigger, though not from fear but anticipation. He seemed reluctant to hold back. Bucky wasn’t all that sure what to do in that moment, did he stop Tony or risk getting shot himself?
Tony closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. They were likely awake by now, worried, calling all their allies to find out where the Irish Mob had taken him. What would Obie be doing? Tony had to ponder for a little bit. Nothing. Obie wouldn’t do s&$^… “You’re Tony Stark.” Tony’s head lulled forward to the kid that had just entered. Brown hair. Hazel eyes. Couldn’t be older than 16.
When he reached his room, his phone started to buzz in his pocket. Throwing his shirt onto his bed Tony grabbed it. “Hello?”
But Tony was selfish, he didn’t want to wait the few more years that Rhodes would be touring across the sea. He would call the air force if it meant he knew that Rhodey wouldn’t be pissed off with him in the end. Tony sighed again before getting to his feet.
“Tony! I’m so glad that you’re okay.” He doubted that, but Tony accepted his hug nonetheless. A cursory glance around Tony nearly scowled at the lack of Loki and Bruce in the people around him. Where were they? Tony checked the shadows even. Nothing.
“Of course not. Tony, I said that if you took off tonight, made it to the base you would be back in time for the second meeting. I’ll schedule the next one for later that day, but do not be late.” He nodded, hoping that JARVIS was updating this onto his schedule without his say. Tony was too occupied with Loki’s message.
“Jez, you’re a pretty intense little dude.” Clint was leaning against his bow staring at Peter. “Burn the place to Hell then thinking that some confessional is going to just keep it all under wraps? What sort of fantasy are you living in?”
There was some silence, a lot really. But eventually, Peter nodded and took the woman’s hand. Romanov seemed to be satisfied with the result and rose from her seat. “Steve thought you should know that Rumlow is recovering. He’s sorry, but I doubt that he’ll be ready for anything for a few weeks more.” Steve nodded before rising.
That seemed to startle him. His eyes widened. “Parker. Uh… Peter Parker. I grew up in Queens.” Tony turned his head. Aside from the Bronx Tony didn’t know much about the place. He chose not to do much business there, simply for the fact that he didn’t see much of the clientele enjoying his product, over or under the table.
Tony looked up and waved to the American helicopter that flew over him. The smile that was plastered over his face was genuine. He threw a peace signal to them as they landed and fell to his knees.
But Howard. The man molded Tony into this raging inferno that blazed and ate away everything in his path. Obie hadn’t been around whenever Howard told Tony about the family. He spoke about Barnes in a careful manner, how to go about choosing friends and those that would help the family the most. Howard took him to the gun range every once in a while to learn to handle the recoil of a gun. Tony would go there for hours with his father just to hear the stories that his father would share about the different operations that they would run while Tony changed cartages or cleaned the guns after they were finished. Howard wasn’t the best father in the world, but he had cared enough about Tony to want him to do better, to be better than Howard ever was. The family was everything to him, and making sure that Tony was ready for it when it was his turn.
Tony walked past them to his elevator. It would lead to his office and he wouldn’t have to worry about them seeing Loki sneak in to take the stairs. “I apologize Captain. We hadn’t had much luck on finding it. I’m fearful that it will be in my father’s paper files, and there are stacks upon stacks of those.”
“Just because I don’t have it right now doesn’t mean that I can’t make the proper moves to claim the land that I need to start making a profit here. We can either settle this, or I can just take you out of the equation entirely.” Steve placed his gun on the table, leaning over his chair to put more shadows on his face. Steve was told by Bucky that when he towered over someone that it would make anyone pee their pants. It only seemed to serve to piss Tony off. His eyes were slits for lack of a better term and Steve was having second thoughts about trying to go up against Tony while he was like this.
“Could have missed. Might have been able to drag himself to shore. Either way, someone put out a request for your head on a platter. You can’t be seen in Brooklyn, none of us can, until either we find Schmidt and end it this once and for all, or we all die in blazing glory.” Steve hoped it didn’t have to come to that while they were hiding out in Manhattan.
Just speaking to the guy seemed to jolt him out of his daze. “Can’t say that I was. I was looking for Mr. Stark. I don’t suppose that you know-”
“Why can’t Obie go and talk with these guys? I thought he was supposed to take care of these types of things?” Pepper looked up at Tony then, her eyes sharp, reminding Tony of the reason that he picked her up in the first place. Those eyes and that sharp wit that could rival Tony’s own if he were to dare go up against the woman. She was terrifying in her own sort of way.
I nearly didn't get this uploaded. It was finished, just didn't have much time to this afternoon and my computer was being dumb.
Tony gasped, throwing his eyes open and grasping for something that wasn’t there. He couldn’t ground himself, there wasn’t anything around him. His heart rate skyrocketed at the thought that he might be falling, free floating in a place that was- His hands finally grasped his chest, feeling the solidity of his rib cage and flesh enough to bring him down.
“They’ve already started up a sale/trade on the docks. They’re going to be known by everyone by the end of the month. Everyone will know that the Irish Mob is doing business in Manhattan. Soon enough they’ll start to question if you’re really in charge or not, Tony.” If glass were easy to break Tony is sure it would be shattered in his hand.
There was a crowd at the press conference that wanted to welcome Tony back. He didn’t want to walk out there. “Tony?” Pepper was staring at him, concern etched on her face. She would understand if he said he didn’t want this, right? Tony opened his mouth to vocalize his thoughts, but the door was open before he could speak, and Obie was pulling him out of the car before Pepper could save him.
Steve sat up more. “If you let us try I can promise that you won’t feel the need to run anymore. You’ll be able to stand tall, face anyone with your chin high and-”
“Loki, you knew better than to run.” The dark haired man raised his head, spitting some of the blood that gathered in his mouth onto the floor of the warehouse. He’d been dragged back to the Irish mob’s place of operations. “I thought you dead, but instead you have been here trampling around like a spy and mercenary. What would mother think of you?”
“Sure. Because I’m sure he wasn’t the one who told you my last name.” Tony cursed under his breath, glancing around before ushering them into his office quickly.
Their hands released one another. “Care to give me a lift back to my place, Rogers? I’m sure that my family would like to know that I’m safe.” Tony moved towards the door with Steve. “I would also appreciate it if you gave me back my two other members alive, with us being a part of a truce.”
They weren’t but 3 steps away when a beam crashed and blocked their exit. Effectively trapping them within the warehouse, ready to be burned alive and served with a side of ketchup once they were done and found by the police. Charred up men who were too young to really know a thing about how the world worked. “MotherF*#$@#!” Tony yelled, dropping Steve once more to try and kick at the beam. This wasn’t how he wanted to end.
“You can talk with me, Tony, you know that.” Tony did know that. His entire friendship with Bruce was centered around trust and talking with one another about anything. When Tony had first found out about Bruce Banner it had been at a convention with other scientists from around the globe. He could recall Bruce’s work on Gamma Radiation, and how thorough and amazing that it was to him. It was really what had sparked their quick friendship in the first place. Tony thought it wasn’t possible for him to connect with one person so well, but low and behold a lonely Bruce Banner made his way to his heart and his family here in Manhattan.
Tony took a gulp of his drink before wandering over to where the screen was. An action movie was suggested on the screen. “Play it JAR.” The opening credits soon took over and Tony sat down on the couch in front of it.
“Grant Rogers? Really? I hope you still know where that phone is. It could still be at the base.” Steve shook his head, pulling a cell from his workout bag as proof. “Well aren’t you the man with the plan?”
But the boy was done talking, his eyes finally left Steve’s to take in everyone else around him. The kid couldn’t have been more than 15 at the most. It didn’t sit well with Steve that the kid was so young and obviously deprived of the nourishment that was required for a kid his age.
This took toooooooooo freaking long to write up! I'm so sorry for those of you that have been waiting for this chapter.
TONY DUMP! I'm telling you. A lot of months are going to go by in a flash and you'll be scrambling to catch up.
Steve stretched his shoulders, setting an arm back and around Peter’s shoulders. Feeling the other tense then relax eventually. “He said his name is Loki. He works for the Merchant of Death. We were hoping to get some information out of him, but Thor has forbidden us from using the usual ways.” Peter seemed to raise a brow at that.
“You wouldn’t know it if you saw him on a regular day. He hides it well, the way that death clung to him as if he were the grim reaper himself. Howard didn’t put up with anything unless it came out in his favor.” Steve turned back to the skyline, the image of where Stark Industries New York branch still there, reflecting off the sun’s rays. Out of all the buildings in Manhattan… It seemed that Stark’s had changed the most.
“That kid has some balls I swear to it. I should consider sending him on to just do mercenary work, he has close to no fear.” Loki nodded in agreement, finally starting to drink from his latte again. A comfortable silence filled around them. Tony relaxed into it.
Tony paused for a second, deleted the last line and sent it to Obie. There was a small churn in his stomach when he got an email back a little bit later, but Tony ignored the feeling for the most part.
“What’s your name son?” Steve asked, though noting how everyone seemed to press in when he asked. They didn’t take strangers lightly, and especially not right now.
“Well isn’t that precious? Your parents must care so much for one another. What am I supposed to do for you? Tell you that you’re right, that I was foolish and return to the manor with apologies on my tongue even though I would mean none of it? No, Thor, I think that I would rather stay here and be these dolts punching bag.” Steve saw Bucky stiffen at the jab. “I will not go home. That frozen wasteland holds nothing for me. Here I have made a name for myself away from the shadow of Thor, away from the all-seeing eyes of our father.” That seemed to shake Thor slightly as he raised a hand to placate the man.
“I don’t see why we're just talking with him.” Clint was twirling one of Loki’s knives next to Steve, glaring at the man. “If anything he’d be able to give us info right? I mean the Merchant must trust this guy to have him try to corner us on a rooftop.” Steve nodded, but he didn’t move to remedy the situation. Loki looked mildly pissed off with the situation. His glare was mostly directed at Thor, but Steve had felt it move over to him from time to time.
Some of the board members exchanged glances. Tony should have brought a coffee mug with him. He glanced to the coaster. Oh… He had. “Mr. Stark, we think that making a deal with some of the veterans overseas might help our stock prices. We believe that if maybe you were to give a live demonstration to them that they would be more willing to make a deal with us.”
Natasha shrugged. “Perusing, trying to get a feel for the city. It’s dark here. Darker than most. It feels like home at times then I see families walk down the road without a feeling of dread coming over them. I do not understand what it is that the Merchant does here. He barely shows his face, apparently, and he threatens anyone he deems as a threat… Stark supplies him with cash, and weapons for the streets.” She sighed, bringing her knees up to her chest. “We act as if we are immortal here, but that was Brooklyn. Here… Here we are threatened by Cerberus and his owner Hades. They aren’t willing to give us admittance into Hell.”
“I say another five minutes then we take off. We shouldn’t stick around here longer than we should.” Neither moved. But Clint silently agreed. “Steve is going to be so pissed,” Bucky muttered after a minute. “I saw your holster, I just didn’t think about what the people around us would think. It was probably one of the Merchant’s men that really noticed it though. I don’t think some mother would have seen your holster and thought twice about it.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed at the man, hand twitching at his side to move to the back of his pants. From the small bit of laughter, Steve had to assume that his movement hadn’t gone unnoticed. “So, touchy, Captain.”
Bucky stood next to Steve, only towering slightly over Steve as they scanned the area. Rogers took note of each of his members as he looked through the people for Natasha. Barton was looking at a men clothing store window from where Steve was at, but he was sure the marksmen was using the reflection in the window to spot anyone sneaking around. Thor was more obvious about it, but the muscles in his arms were threat enough that people seemed to give the foreign man a wider birth should he decide to strike at anyone suddenly. Rumlow was subtle, drinking coffee and glancing around now and again to get his barring’s. The twins were hung back, laughing with one another over at some ice cream stand. As for Sam, Steve was sure that man was someone in the region keeping tabs on all of them.
With that handled Tony left his workshop. Everything would be fine… He could leave and everything would be fine. His fingers twitched just slightly as he was walking up the stairs. Maybe stopping for the night was a bad idea, but he couldn’t go to a military base without looking his best.
While Steve stood there Natasha and Sam both walked in, carrying some of the kitchen supplies to make dinner. “We’re making your favorite Steve, want to join in?” Sam had reached the Captain first, but he shook his head.
That was when Steve finally intervened. “Drop it, Brock, or I promise I will drop you.” Rumlow glanced to his left, Natasha stood with her pistol at the ready right next to his temple. A small trickle of sweat fell down the man face before he dropped the gun and switched back on the safety.
Slowly, as if time were moving at a rate that allowed Tony some solace of relief, he fell to Steve’s side. The larger man’s body was covered in burned skin marks, tattered clothing, and ash. Tony thought it was fitting for Steve to be asleep, at least he wouldn’t be awake to hear Tony scream once the flames finally consumed him. Tony thought that Steve might get lucky. He’d inhale so much smoke that he would die from it before the flames took over him. It would be a better death than the one that Tony was going to have. The billionaire pushed away some of the hair on Steve’s face. “You were a good man Rogers… Wish you could have said the same for me… In the end, I’m glad that I at least got to get through some of this with you.” Tony’s hand fell from Steve’s face to his chest. “Till the end of the line, huh? Bet you’ll wish that you never told me that.”
It wasn’t on public record that he was working with the Merchant, but it was in knowledge to most of Manhattan. Though no one really said this fact out loud. “I’m afraid that I don’t associate with the Merchant, Mr. Barnes.”
Rhodey walked across the room, taking away the glass from Tony’s hand when he sat down next to him. Pepper left the room, phone to her ear. “Obie means well,” Tony tried to justify, glancing to his scotch but not moving to grab it. Rhodey would slap him if he tried. “Honestly. He’ll be okay in a few days and he’ll give me a plan that he’s made and we’ll-”
“He just put an orphanage up in flames for the heck of it. The last person who had done that so willingly was Schmidt, and I think I’d rather not have another man like that running around with us.” He cocked his gun more assuredly, pressing the barrel up against Bucky’s sternum to get the man to move so that he’d have his shot once more.
Steve didn’t like the noise of Manhattan. It bustled around too much, but the people didn’t give him or his crew a second look as they maneuvered through the crowds. Steve and his crew had only just arrived in the city a few hours ago. They were on their way to their next hide out until they could return to Brooklyn. Rogers had sent ahead Natasha to make sure that their place was secure and to gather up any information before they set sights on doing anything in the region.
Steve opened another bag before sighing. “Hydra won’t find us here, Buck. I made sure of it. As for Schmidt, I don’t know how that man survived. I faced him at the docks, he was going to shoot Peggy and next thing I know I shot the son of a gun right in the chest. I saw him fall into the harbor. He shouldn’t be alive.”
“Oh, this is where you ran off to.” Tony glanced up and watched Bruce enter into the Penthouse with a small smile. Bruce, for the most part, hadn’t reacted to the news of the truce other than he would like to discuss with Tony about it later. “Loki, you look awful. Do you need to go lay down?” The taller man groaned but didn’t shake off the obvious request for privacy. Banner smiled more warmly then and watched as Loki left the room before he took a seat across from Tony. “Well, if it makes you feel better the city can finally ease up after all the tension your missing presence caused. Logan was about to rip off Wilson’s head before I went missing. I haven’t checked in there, but I think Loki covered all the basses. You sent everyone into quite a scare.”
There was silence for a little while before Tony heard the familiar tells of silent breathing coming through the speakers.
Clint seemed to just stare at Steve for a minute before laying down a two of spades, Steve picked it up to place with his three and four of spades, he set down a Queen of hearts. “If we run into the Merchant again… Who’s to say that he won’t actually shoot you this time?” Steve shrugged.
“Your dad called me that all the time.” They smiled at the memory. “Wish he was still here, you know? He would be able to handle Stark better than I would. I don’t handle… His type very well.” Bucky nodded in agreement. They could recall the bad business deal that they tried working out with Stone. That had resulted in Clint getting suctioned onto by an octopus, Nat grumbling around the base with three pieces of gum in her hair, and Bucky making meals for a few days because Steve was out cold for three days.
“You know, I appreciate updates. Those are still things that we do for one another.” Tony’s voice cut through the silence quickly, though not rising as he didn’t want to compromise Loki should he be in a situation that wasn’t good for him.
“Tell that to the folks who were chasing some of your boys around downtown. The Merchant had to explain a few things to the cops to keep it low key.” The man watched as the younger escorted Loki back towards him. “It doesn’t matter now though. You have your warning, next time you’ll lose an eye, then well be back to sharing beers by Wednesday. Same loop as it will ever be with him.” The three made way for the exit.
It was almost fascinating how quickly that Tony saw the anger shift in her face. “I told them that last time and your face became plastered all over the tabloids. No, Tony, they are not going to care if it’s for the company.” He winced at the tone that she’d taken.
When Steve was well enough away Bucky sat on the sill with her, glancing out and taking note of what was going on through the other side. Peter was throwing rocks across the water, skipping them. Sam was with him too, though critiquing him mostly. It seemed like Peter was having fun, for once in his life while he’d first joined the family. “How long till he’s sent out? Till Steve thinks that he’s ready to join our business lives and handle a gun? How long till Peter gets into trouble and gets killed?” Bucky nodded. It was odd, the strange possessive behavior Natasha seemed to gain over the kid. But that was too be expected he supposed. She was the only female amongst them and she naturally would care… Maybe. Bucky didn’t like to stick labels on anyone that he thought deserving of his trust and loyalty.
"And the handsiness. The hand on my hip." Steve shrugged carelessly. "He seemed to be okay with me for the most part, so that's a win, right? Your dad likes me."
"Do you have to bring this up now?" Steve let out a sigh. "I'm already cautious about it. He's not even gay."
The door was opened for the two of them, revealing the beautifully decorated interior of the building. It was almost blinding to Steve, it looked like a scene straight off of a movie. Immense chandeliers hung from the ceilings, red carpets covering the floor that they walked on. Banners were hung from posts on the wall. Waiters walked by everyone hurriedly, platters balanced on their hands with different types of food and drinks on top. Steve couldn't focus on just one thing in the room. His eyes switched from one place to the next, craning his neck to try and see everything. Oh, only if Bucky could see this right now.
In freshman year, a boy on the team had made a sexist comment to Maria, and in return she challenged him to a boxing match. He, of course, accepted, believing that it would be easier than any fight he had ever been in. Maria beat him. In mere
“Please stop waking around, you’re making me dizzy,” Bucky pleaded, running his hands through his hair. Steve then resorted to sitting down on the very edge of his bed, bouncing his foot up and down. “But look, Stevie, someday and somehow you have to tell him. Even if you were to say that you like him a lot, like a lot a lot, it gets the point across.”
The blond leaned up against the wall, looking at the brunet. "We probably look ridiculous," Steve commented, gesturing to their suits.
"I... actually understand math. I understand math," he whispered, disbelief coating his words. "Wow. How the heck did you--"
Tony's face was close to his, and the beating in Steve's heart only quickened its pace. He could again feel the red coming up his neck in embarrassment, which only had him wishing that he had control over his blush, it was getting to be ridiculous. He had to keep it cool, or Tony would notice that he was faltering.
"Yeah, yeah," Steve muttered to himself, "Of course I can't be late, but he can." The thought of Tony never showing up made him a bit upset, he didn't want to believe that theory just yet. He didn't want to believe the rumors of Tony standing up girls on dates or people at parties.
“I-- okay, okay. Steve, I’ll be right back. Obie will be here in a second, then we’ll go back to your place.” Tony started to walk off, looking seemingly upset.
Was that the first time Tony had ever called him by his first name to his face? It sounded nice coming from him.
"Would you just tell me what's going on with you?" Bucky asked, the light from his phone illuminating his face as he looked over at Steve. "I would rather
But the blond did agree with his friend. He probably did smell horrible -- which he was nose blind to at this point -- and his skin felt sticky and gross. Without another word he went into the bathroom and turned the shower on. Steve closed the door and began to take all his clothes off.
"No, no," Steve assured him. "I should've taken some food out while we were leaving. My roommate and I have a liking for shrimp."
Steve was sure of the fact that the brunet had met many impressive men and women in his lifetime. They were rich, too, and more likely to impress his father. The choice to ask Steve was out of place. He didn't understand.
“If you are looking for Howard you’ll find him buried next to his wife in the Graveyard on our private property. Though where that is I’d have to kill you myself once you were finished there. Only a few privileged get to go there.” Tony stood up then and wandered over.
Something quick sparkled in Tony’s eye. He was rather young to be a Captain already… “I was hoping to discuss an old business deal that my father.” Roger’s hesitated slightly before the word father. It was becoming president to Tony that most of what Roger’s was likely spewing to him was utter bull crap. Regardless Tony didn’t speak up quite yet. “There was a property that he offered to him a while back, and I was wondering if that offer still stood somewhere in the books. I’d be willing to bargain for it if it’s all the same.”
“I wouldn’t call me weak, mutt,” From his waistband, underneath his coat, Tony pulled out a small handgun. He pulled the trigger quickly and didn’t so much as blink when the man recoiled and fell to the ground. “Stark men are made of
“So, the meeting went that bad huh?” Steve threw his fist again at the sand bag, hearing the telling signs that it was liable to burst at a moment’s notice. Steve looked back at his right hand who seemed to have a Cheshire cat grin on his face.
There was silence between them for a while, but then soft chuckles emitted from the Russian’s direction. “I should have guessed it sooner… How naïve the people of Manhattan are to allow their city to be controlled by Rasputin.” The man glanced up to Tony with a feral grin on his face. “Italian. Wealthy. Your father held the position of leader for years before you. Howard wouldn’t raise a coward.”
“I owe you.” He stated the moment that he left the room, pulling her into a hug. To say that his hug was rejected wasn’t going through Tony’s mind when a paper file was shoved in his chest. “What’s this?” Tony held up the folder. Scribbled at the top was a name.
Bucky shifted his stance and started walking back. “Let’s hope that he still favors you then. I wouldn’t want to put a bullet through the head of a man who rules the Manhattan underground.”
Tony sighed, “I don’t think this is real.” Tony murmured, rubbing his fingers against his eyes. When his eyes opened again the lights seemed to attack his retina’s. Another sigh and Tony was rubbing at them again, this time hearing the faint sounds of someone yelling in the background.
Peter stared at the ground for a good minute. Steve considered going back to his paperwork until the boy spoke, but he assumed that Peter would take that as a dismissal so he held back. “Steve, I… I would like to go and visit with the Merchant.” The Mob boss blinked.
It wouldn’t be the first time that Tony was asked that question. When he went into the underground as Stark some of the gangs wondered if the Merchant was really true. After all… No one had ever really met the man. “He controls Manhattan. I don’t think you have much to worry about if you’ll just be patient.” Vanko didn’t look convinced, in fact, Tony thinks that he just sped up his patience meter just a smidge.
Steve lowered himself to the ground level, resting his elbows on his knees while gaining the kids attention back towards him. “Okay, Peter. Where is your family? What were you doing to the electricity?”
Tony shrugged. “I don’t see any reason why I can’t wear them in my own home.” Silence met Tony when he walked further into the room, but that was eventually forgotten as Obie spoke again.
There was crash behind them, and Tony found himself over Steve then, trying to block him from the debris. Some of the small embers were trying to eat their way through Tony’s nice dress shirt. He bit his bottom lip to keep from crying out. “Steve, come on!” Tony tried harder to wake the other man. He couldn’t drag him outside, it would be too obvious, they wouldn’t make it out of there alive. Natasha would bring him back to life just to kill him again should he let Steve die. “CAPTAIN!” There still wasn’t a response.
“I’ll have my secretaries look into it then? If we can exchange information I’ll notify you when I locate them.” Vanko chuckled and shook his head.
“I hope that this truce can be to both our benefit’s Mr. Stark.” Tony nodded, standing and offering a hand to Steve. Natasha hadn’t been keen on releasing Tony’s hands, but Steve had insisted that he didn’t want to have a truce meeting if the man was being held down.
Tony sighed one more time before bringing a hologram towards him and started typing out a message to Obie.
The CEO clapped his hands together, “Great! Well, I’m glad that we could come to that understanding. I would have hated to call security over something as trivial as a name.” The tension was still there but was dissipating the longer that Tony just smiled. When Grant relaxed Tony rose to his feet once more. “What brought you into my office today? I may not be my father, but any old partners he had in the past I’m willing to listen to if their pitch is good.”
how you offering your family to me doesn’t seem like a raven's warning.” Steve supposed that the kid had a point.
“Who are you?” Tony recognized easily the ‘intruder’ that was sitting at his private bar, nursing a shot glass with the bottle of vodka off to the side. The man, if Tony was going by the large gut and hairy arms, was laughing lightly before he turned in his seat to face the CEO.
It was without thought… Barnes couldn’t believe what he had just seen from the man before him. Stark had seemed harmless. He didn’t try to fight Steve when it came to an agreement. In fact… Barnes was here today to try and talk with him about the building that they were thinking of purchasing.
Eventually Tony shrugged. “I suppose that you haven’t done anything to piss me off, Mr. Barnes.” Then Tony wandered off, taking to leaving the door a jar. Bucky wasn’t sure when he moved, but he hadn’t let the brunette get out of sight.
“You don’t know that.” A chuckle broke through from Rhodey’s side. Tony was sure that he was pinching the bridge of his nose. “Besides, I came close to just shooting Roger’s in between the eyes and being done with him entirely.”
“No. We aren’t dying here. This isn’t our legacy.” Tony gritted his teeth and pulled Steve’s arm over his shoulder once more before gearing towards the exit that he’d been making his way to.
“I’m telling you, Tony, the guys will love having you there to show them the next missile launch. They don’t want the pencil pushers they want the man who is behind the mask.” Tony turned away from his office window to look at his right hand. Obie was overweight, white, bald with a salt and pepper beard, yet here Tony was. “Show yourself to them, reap the benefits, and you’ll make even more than you do now. The only reason that Stark Industries is where it is right now is because we let them think that the whole weapons division comes up with these specs. Tony, you could blow their minds. They’ll be begging-”
Tony nodded to the voice, trying to relax further into the couch. A call suddenly showed up on the screen, interrupting the man who was just starting his villainous monolog. “Sour Patch!” Tony exclaimed, throwing his arms over the back of the sofa.
“Gin.” Clint’s voice cut through the small bit of silence that was around them and Steve grinned when Bucky threw down his cards with a sigh. “You suck at this, Buck. What about king’s corners?” Bucky shook his head.
A can of worms that Tony didn’t like to touch with a ten-foot pole. It was repressed memories that didn’t show up unless he was majorly pissed off, or in the mood to shoot something. What did that say about him in this moment?
“Merchant. I want to discuss a truce with you. We’ve taken some ground here in Manhattan and I would rather stop the bloodshed before there is any.” There was a thick silence. Steve was sure that Tony was only mulling it over in his head, but Tony didn’t seem phased. His grin didn’t waver and he seemed more humored than anything. Steve almost felt like he might start sweating at any moment due to the heat of the Merchant stare.
“You’ve been missing for a while, Merchant. Where’ve you been?” Steve stared down the man before him. His hair was a wreck, and his grin was more manic then smooth as it had been back in his office all those months ago.
“Yes.” Tony straightened his shoulders, hoping to get rid of the odd voices that were taking precedence in the back of his mind. Rogers and Barnes were both watching him carefully, though neither one spoke directly. “We can discuss these negotiations but allow me to talk with my PA about it. She will find me potential places for you to settle in of properties that are not currently in use. If you please,” Tony gestured for the door, “I have important business to attend to so I mustn’t be disturbed. And this time, Mr. Rogers, I don’t want you to suddenly drop by my office. I will call you.” With that both broad shouldered men left the office, and Tony…
“Send him to the penthouse, J. I’ll go to bed after.” The elevator dinged just moments later with the dark haired man wandering in with Clint Barton in tow. The archer, for the most part, only glanced around once before focusing in on Tony. The Merchant smirked at the man before walking up to them. “Loki, the big guy was telling me that you had something on your report to tell me,” Tony gave a side glance to Clint, “though you seem to have brought the topic with you.”
“I’m afraid that this has surpassed being patient for my blueprints.” Tony felt the spike of nervous energy that overcame him in that instance. The hairs on the back of his neck were rising, and Tony had half a mind to take off then and there. “Now, Mr. Stark, I would like my blueprints before the Merchant intervenes and I’ll have to handle his… supplier.”
“Take out front once you’re done. We’re heading out as soon as everyone is ready.” Peter gave him a silent nod but paused a second later. This caught Steve’s attention as he was turning to leave. “Peter?”
Rightfully so. Anything that Justin created was subpar and not up to the standards that the military was spoiled with when the product came from SI. Tony could tell that Justin, though intelligent, wasn’t going to go far in the business world with his half-baked coding and easily hacked software. (Tony won’t admit it if asked directly if asked about the latter fact.)
That seemed to halt the Captain where he was standing. Tony felt the power shift as if it were tangible. Roger’s feet shifted, as did his eyes to a narrowed stare.
“The F$*&…” Both men stopped staring at the man who clambered up the fire escape, cutting them off and glaring at them. “Who the f#&$ are you?”
“I’ll be alright, Bruce.” He got to his feet then, wiping his hands on his pant legs before exiting the lab. Bruce wasn’t far behind him, though he got off on a different floor when they finally ascended up the elevator.
Tony thought to the numbers that he and Roger’s had exchanged. Tony had given Roger’s one of his other numbers that went to a secure phone. “He and I will be setting that up momentarily,” Tony stated, standing up and relaxed his posture when he stared out at the New York skyline.
I apologize... I've had a busy couple of weeks. I was mostly done with this chapter then I was working a lot and having to get ready for vacation.
“You bloody idiot.” Tony glanced up and to his surprise saw Loki, next to him Bruce. Both of them looked like they could be better, but Tony was too relieved to know that they were okay. “What took you so long to get here?”
Natasha lost the conversation after the door shut behind them. There was a pit in the bottom of her stomach but she ignored it. Instead, she left the observation room and walked out. She followed her captain before sliding into a different room when Steve went to look behind him. When she didn’t hear Steve call after her Natasha called it safe and determined that she might go after him again, but, “He knew you were following him you know.” Natasha looked over at Barnes, who was sharpening a knife on a block. He seemed more irritated than relaxed in her honest opinion.
Loki scoffed and walked around the workstation to get closer to Tony. While Tony was covered in grease and oil stains, Loki was clean and well-trimmed. The man didn’t have a hair out of place. “Stark, if we do any operation together, he will try something. I guarantee it.” Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes in hopes to quell a rising migraine.
” Loki’s voice was snarky through the speakers. Tony put down the blow torch, pushing up his face mask to glare at the speakers. Loki had given him an update after their initial spout, and promised to call him should anything change with the mob.
Steve crossed his arms across his broad chest. Tony ignored the stretch of the shirt. “What happens then when he thinks he can get better guns from someone else? Who protects you then?” Tony cocked his head to the side, a small grin starting to form on his face.
It had taken Natasha a long time to figure out where it was that Stark was, and why he was missing. Loki, for the most part, wasn’t complying with them at all. By the second month, he’d stopped talking with them entirely until they pulled in Banner just at the start of the third month. Though Steve wasn’t entirely sure what Loki had been saying as it was all foreign and Norwegian. Thor wouldn’t tell him what his brother was saying either. “If I told you I’m not sure that you would be able to stop yourself from punching him, Captain.” Steve left it alone.
“That or they are just normal, and you are paranoid.” Steve shoved at Bucky’s hand before getting up.
Vanko seemed to mirror Tony, though keeping at a distance. “There were some blueprints of a spec that my father started and gave to your father to look over. I’m afraid to say that your father died before he was able to give them back.” Tony scowled. He didn’t remember any specs in any of the mob folders. Private folder then?
Steve's upset. Peter's a part of the family. Tony is up early again... Why did the Merchant show up?
” The CEO hurried over to his computer, pulling up Loki’s tracking information from his phone. Loki was well away from 32nd but he was still going at a fast pace away from where he had cornered the two Irish mob members.
Tony could believe it. Pepper had tried to inform him as best she could. Some gangs had popped up again after months of being dormant. Some places were broken into, and some of his stashes had been accidentally found. But Tony knew where all these gangs were, knew the leaders. He would return that fear of god back into them.
The device that was now in his chest… It was a miracle. Tony ditched the battery the moment it was operating. The Arc Reactor. Tony didn’t think that his mind could surprise him again but it was truly a masterpiece. “You are a very impressive man Mr. Stark.” Tony glanced back at the other man, who was slowly becoming a great friend to him and smiled.
Opening up the file Tony glanced over what he was seeing. A rough man’s face greeted him on the first page. Height. Weight. Even a preferred killing method was mentioned in small letters. The title “dangerous” didn’t cross Tony’s mind till he read further on about some of the heists that the guy had run. Most of them were stationed out of Brooklyn. He recognized some of the addresses that were sometimes plastered over the newspapers. Read further he finally saw what he had been asked to look for. A hideout. He knew the building. Where it was located, and what was even stocked there.
Bucky was restless without Stark to confront. The Irish had tried to see what they could do to gain some ground with the Italian’s even without their leader in town, but they didn’t have much luck. Logan or as it was said on the street, Wolverine, didn’t let much trade happen between them and anyone else in the city. Wilson, or Deadpool, took down any of the Irish members who tried to sell anything. Steve was starting to become antsy as well when they were being attacked without any idea of who was sending out the dogs in the first place. “Could be one of his higher-ups. Wolverine and Deadpool look more like lackeys but I bet Stark trusts them to keep doing their job even without his direct order.” Clint sometimes said the thoughts of everyone in the room, even if no one really wanted them to be voiced.
Steve shook his head. “We don’t lead normal lives, Buck. People threaten to shoot each other all the time… Not many actually go through with it with little remorse.” There was a silence that followed them at that point. Bucky seemed to look away, back towards the hideout. When his right hand didn’t say anything further Steve felt the need to sigh. “So… The mob that runs this place. Is it still the Italian’s?”
“When you agree to this truce with Steve, I just want to know that you’ll help me, Mr. Stark. Before I found the Irish mob I was going to come and talk to you. I was going to seek out the Merchant of Death… I know Manhattan really well Sir, and I was hoping that maybe I would find my place there, but-”
Loki had wandered into Manhattan from across the sea. He hadn’t thought anything of the man until he caused an uproar by attacking some of Tony’s men with throwing knives. To say that Tony was confident while facing Loki was an overstatement. He didn’t think that he’d be able to kill the man if he hadn’t been impressed by Tony in the first place. Loki had stopped fighting the moment that the Merchant arrived. It didn’t take the man long to find out that he was also Tony Stark as well.
“The Merchant,” Barnes spoke, Rogers turning to Rhodey and Pepper and aiming at them. Tony wanted to keep Rogers attention, keep him away from them.
When he could finally feel around him Tony felt a hard bed underneath him. The material was scratchy and worn. Letting his eyes focus Tony looked at the ceiling. Rock and dirt. Where in the world was he? Sitting up Tony felt a tug on his chest. Glancing down he noticed that his chest was wrapped in several bandages. With strong hands Tony grasped at the bandages, tearing them away to reveal a gaping hole in his chest! “The h*$#!” His chest tightened again. He followed the cords connected to the hole to a car battery. He went for the machine but paused once another voice came up through the shadows.
“What’s your social security number?” The man opened his mouth, closed it, opened it. Pepper left without another word. So, Tony went to the meetings. He would emphasize MEETINGS. More than one. Tony wanted to gouge out his eyeballs than hear another word about stock prices or mispronunciation of ‘supposedly’.
“I’ll let the Captain know,” Clint stated, going for the paper again but Tony pulled it away. Both men stared at the Merchant of Death. He seemed to be staring at the paper for a long time before offering the paperback.
Thor tucked back some of Loki’s hair back behind his ear. When Thor had brought in his brother he’d already been unconscious. Steve had been worried after the move that Thor was lost and they’d have to risk finding him, but the large man had found them. With his added-on package. “Ai, he was following us in the shadows just when we left. I thought it best that we face our foe head-on rather than run like dogs.” Thor brought his hand away and scowled. “I do not know how my brother came to this place, or how he became so close with the Merchant, but that is a better-suited question for when he wakes.” With that said Thor hefted Loki in the chair onto his shoulder. “Excuse me, Captain.”
Loki… What could possibly be the issue with the Irish Mob now? “Are you even listening, Tony?” He swung his head back around.
“I’m sorry Rhodey,” Tony whispered, putting his head on Rhodey’s shoulder and holding in his uncooperative tears.
JARVIS had already pulled up some of his emails that needed to be looked at, even pulled up some information of some of the family that Tony hadn’t seen in a while. All of the tabs that Tony kept open were starting to rise at an alarming rate until he heard the lab doors open to reveal Pepper. Tony waved in her direction but kept his eyes on the screens. Pepper walked over to her boss with determined steps and flicked her fingers over her stark pad every once in a while. Tony wasn’t entirely sure that some of what she was doing weren't just for show. She more than likely had in mind what she was going to say to him ready before she’d even entered the elevator.
His back straightened before he graced Steve with an answer. “Went off to war. Thought I might see what they were talking about with those brave men giving up their lives for ours.”
Steve and Clint took off down the hallway, stopping once they reached the main area of the warehouse. In the center of it all stood eight goons, as Steve was sure Barton was calling them in his head area 51 knock offs, and one man in the middle that seemed more than pleased to be there in front of them. For the most part, the man seemed slim, smaller than Steve. His hair was dark. He wore an expensive three-piece black suit, matching black shoes. It only frustrated Steve that he couldn’t see the man’s face. It was as if the lighting couldn’t hit his face and it was shrouded in darkness. Hiding any noticeable features that might give away who he is. Most members of the family had their guns trained on the intruders, but it didn’t seem to falter the man in the middle of them all.
Tony waited, but Peter wasn’t speaking. Another five minutes. The Merchant wasn’t sweating but he’d gotten over the awkwardness of the silence. “Fine. Don’t tell me.”
“You don’t have much of a choice.” This time it was Roger’s who spoke. Tony looked into the rest of the room and noticed that more members of the Irish mob were in the room now, two holding Pepper and Rhodey down, guns trained. Tony felt his heart nearly stop. The gun dropped.
Tony scowled at his video messenger on his phone. Obie had called a few minutes after Tony had sent him the recording of his meeting with the Captain. It was late in Manhattan, but early over in Hong Kong.
Tony knew that but he could at least protect his world, couldn’t he? “We need you to come with us. A few things need to be discussed.”
So sit back and do a little bit more waiting with me. I’m going to be rereading and making sure my brain is on track for the next chapter. I’ll talk with you all again soon.
The Merchant rolled his eyes, rising from the couch to wander back over to where he could refill his scotch.
“That you were still trying to come to grips with what happened, that you were taking some time to yourself to… collect yourself. To… Better represent the company. Though do show up for the next meeting, they are getting a little antsy with you and me collectively.” Obie’s eyes flashed to Tony, who was watching him very carefully. There were several ways that Tony could phrase his next answer.
“At least you remember how to keep your barrel clean for once.” Was all that Bruce muttered as they were pulling into the private parking garage at the tower. Tony tried not to take offense to Bruce’s tone about his… other job.
Besides I was tired of living in your shadow, I thought a change in scenery was necessary.” Steve watched the two ‘brothers’ from across the room. Bucky had tried to justify punching the man in the face.
Natasha was the one to drag the kid out eventually, but she thought he’d done what he needed to. Tony, the Merchant, was staring blankly at the door now. Steve was observing him from the double-sided window. Out of respect, everyone had given the kid privacy, but the moment the speakers turned on again Natasha grabbed Peter out of that room. She didn’t trust Stark. Tied up or untied. She had heard all of the stories about the man, what he was capable of.
“Probably wouldn’t have done much for you in the first place. Not how your dad was raised, so he didn’t reflect it… But my dad thought the best way to make me tough, to keep me in line was to smack me around until the obedience stuck. Unlucky for him. Car wreck. Died. But not me… He chewed me up, and quite possibly spat me out but I emerged from it an entirely new man.” Tony’s eyes shifted only slightly to catch Bucky’s eye. “I became someone who couldn’t be broken.” His eyes went back to the man. A grin breaking his face nearly in half. “Someone that doesn’t know mercy.”
“Show up? SHOW UP?! He was there the whole time!” Bucky ripped his hands back and pulled them through his hair. “Steve… We have looked at this all wrong, all of it. Howard… Howard is not the man you thought. He created a monster to take over his operation.” Steve scowled.
A smirk played over his face as he stood up. “Sorry, thought you were someone else. What can I do for you, sweetheart?” A blush covered the girls face as she stammered out about some meeting that he was undoubtedly late for. Tony didn’t really feel the need to attend any meetings today, so he planned very quickly to turn the girl away until she said…
When Tony did finally speak, it was to laugh. “You-Hehe!- You want to make a truce over –HA- land that you don’t have?” Tony seemed positively tickled by what he was hearing. He wouldn’t stop laughing and Steve had half a mind to leave him there till he was finished. “You don’t have the grounds to stand on to make such an offer!” Suddenly Tony’s hand was smacking the table as if it were hard enough snap it in two. Steve almost wondered if when Tony’s hand moved away, that there would be a crack there, regardless of how impossible it would be.
A lot had happened since the Merchant of Death, Tony Stark, had disappeared from Manhattan for three months. The city, for the most part, was running as smoothly as ever, but there was an edge of weariness to it without its leader. Though Steve and his family were the only ones who really saw that unrest in the darkness that resided in Manhattan. Some of the shady characters that would walk without much care in the world seemed to hunch over by the first month of their boss being missing.
He looked back out to Peter, noticing now the muscle that he was slowly starting to build due to working out with him and Steve. They were practically training the kid to take over a job. Bucky felt as if a stone was settled in his stomach now thinking about what was now going through his brain. “Nat…” But his voice trails off. Natasha is starting to get up from the window sill. She looks unsure as if she was put off from speaking with him. The fact that they are alone together always seems to make her run away. “Don’t go.” His voice nearly cracks in how quiet his voice is. Natasha glances at him and smirks softly.
