“Mmm,
“I hope that it does. It took a lot of work to get him to let me throw this party.”
Tony had already turned around when he remembered something important.
Peter's eyes widened.
Tony did what he asked, simply because he couldn’t do anything else. He had no strength left. He had just received the best of the prizes and had to refuse. How to continue after that?
Hi! First of all, thank you so much for all the kudos and comments! You are so lovely that I can't even say how much I love you all!
Looking at it like that, it seems that Tony was there that day, witnessing everything up close, in order to remember so many details. Unfortunately, that day, he was being too stupid, too arrogant, too stubborn and too afraid to leave the SHIELD helicarrier to face his friend. No. Scratch that. To face his ex-friend on his way to his trial for treason. At that time, Tony was becoming familiar with the position of director of SHIELD and being too cool as the leader of the winning side to bother to go to the trial. Besides, it would be too much cowardice to rub his victory in Steve’s face at a time like that, right?
“Boyfriend.”
“What do we do now?” Peter asked, landing next to Steve.
“You control yourself,” Bruce said, patting his friend's shoulder. The Hulk was already under control, so it was now safe to receive demonstrations of affection from the scientist.
A little more than two minutes later, a warning signal began to ring in the large shed.
“How can you be so kind to me?” Tony practically shouted. “You just heard me say that I took advantage of the Civil War, that I lied to you, to our friends, to the press, that I let them think you were the villain. Damn it, I let them kill you!” Tony felt like a scratched vinyl, repeating the same thing over and over, trying to get Steve to come to his senses, that he finally understood the seriousness of Tony’s words, that he finally kicked Tony out of that apartment, damn it, that he finally expelled Tony from his whole life, but no matter how many times Tony repeated it, Steve continued to ignore him, and worse: he kept bringing him closer, preventing him from leaving, from being guilty.
Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head, but Tony could see the corners of the soldier's mouth creeping into a smile. He liked to make Steve laugh, especially if it was with bad jokes. Tony grabbed Steve under his arms and they both came down without saying anything through the long elevator shaft.
Clint threw a lava arrow right in the middle of the third head's eyes, which let out a horrible scream, before the lava solidified on its way to the monster's mouth, which was silent.
“What?” Tony’s voice got higher. He was shocked.
of those emotions.” Tony struggled with the words. “I
And deep down, he knew why.
"On the way to the quinjet, Captain. Black Widow took the liberty of carrying your shield with her.”
Tony’s entire body lit up, reacting to the vision, and he felt a smile spread across his face and found himself watching the gleam in his eyes on the armor’s hub. His body moved, coming out from behind the chimney and taking a step, instinctively. But, then, Tony stopped. As if someone was holding him by the collar, he was unable to move. He was so close, why couldn’t he take that leap and reveal himself to Steve? Why couldn’t he show his face and his smile of extreme happiness to see his best friend alive again?
“Please, we do not want to hurt you,” he said. “Do not try to fight us again.”
he thought.
great
“We've heard your story,” Steve said. “And we're deeply sorry that you've been through all those things. No one should carry such a heavy burden in such a short time.”
Don’t stop. Oh. My. God. That’s
"What are you going to do with all these vegetables?"
Steve must have made an expression of extreme defeat, because Tony took off his glasses and looked at him. The softness had returned and Steve's stomach twisted, but not in the nauseating way it had before. It was ... different. A good different. "If you answer their questions now, as much as you want to help your son, it'll do more harm than good. We know little yet. I said I'm here to help. Helping in this context also means advising. Follow my advice: get out of the car with your head held high, with the best Captain posture you can do, and pretend they’re not there. Don’t make eye contact, don’t talk to them, focus on your goal, which is go inside that police station to see your son. Did you understand?"
Steve shrugged. “I suspected. It was a leap of faith. And even if it backfired, one thing was certain: I'd still have the person I wanted the most in my arms, so I'd be able to heal myself.”
“Come on, your coffee will get cold.” Steve pointed to the cup on the outside of the island and Tony found himself walking over there, as if in a trance. He had no control over his own body. All he saw was Steve looking at him, guiding him to where he wanted Tony to stay.
“What's going on here?”
“What does that mean?” Clint asked, clearly impatient.
Without saying anything, Tony sat down and started opening the button on Steve’s pants. “In a hurry, Stark?” Steve asked with a breathless laugh.
" Steve fought a choke.
Because they loved each other. And may the whole world know about it.
Tony wanted to tell him that he was happy to see him there, to have him there with Tony, but Tony had lost the ability to form coherent phrases. The only word he knew was Steve. The only scent was Steve. His favorite color was Steve. His world was there and it was Steve. And Tony's body was his moon, orbiting around, being drawn to him, needing to be close, glued, preferably with Steve's hands around him.
Steve nodded slowly, smiling even more.
Tony bobbed his head a few more times, meeting Steve’s thrusts, savoring his precum, until he could feel Steve’s cock was hard enough. With a pop that would sound obscene under any other circumstances, Tony took Steve's cock out of his mouth and licked his lips, staring into Steve's eyes. “You’re out of this world, Rogers.” With one last stroke, Tony smiled. “Ooops, please, I’m
The girl nodded and Tony saw her eyes fill with tears. Something inside him squirmed and he just wanted to cross that wall and tell her that she was safe now.
"I don’t see why we shouldn’t," Tony said, taking another sip of the coffee. "But I don’t know if our kind of party is theirs.”
Tony still didn’t feel worthy of that love. Steve Rogers loving Tony? It seemed too good to be true, but Tony could believe Steve. Steve would never lie to him, not after they agreed that it wasn’t worth hiding things from each other. In addition, they have always worked better together. Imagine if they were really together? All Tony’s dreams coming true? Too good to be true, but apparently it was.
"Friend Banner still having trouble controlling the Hulk?" Thor asked. It was still disturbing to look at Thor in civilian clothes, Tony thought, walking a few steps behind the God of Thunder. It was like watching a bizarre dream come to life.
Hulk jumped and reached the top of the United Nations building.
A hot, delicious shiver ran through Tony’s body. “You’ll have to be more specific.”
But the girl did not seem to be paying much attention to his words. Her eyes were glued to Natasha, who was staring at her openly, clearly shocked.
"Make your best, Stark.”
“I fold.”
"Hello, Pierre," he greeted the pilot.
“Ha!” Bucky bounced on the balls of his feet, making a cutting motion with his fingers. “Scissors beats Paper!”
“That’s changed,” Tony reminded him.
Steve's mind was whirling. He had a feeling that whatever Tony had seen, wasn't what he'd expected or hoped for in his future. And that was what had set him off.
Tony scooted his ass up onto the workbench. “Back to my obviousness,” he said. He tried to remember just when he’d begun to look at Steve as something other than his captain, someone more than a friend. “You sure nobody else knows?”
Tony blanched. “You swore on your mother’s grave!” he bleated, clutching at his knees.
,” Bruce said between squashed lips. He looked like a deranged goldfish.
“Neither did you,” Steve said, keeping his own tone mild. “I wanted you to call.”
“We’re a little past that by now, surely?” Steve asked. “At the very least, we’re friends.”
“Double-dog daring, Stark,” Steve grinned, a small, but beautiful thing. “I have faith in you.” Tony thought that despite the sorrow and the loss, at least they’d worked through their anger at each other and become a stronger unit for it.
“Hence the Tesseract, the Aether, the Eye, the Orb,” Thor agreed. “And our friend of vibranium over there.” He smiled at Vision who inclined his head.
Rhodey opened his mouth to say something, but Tony shook his head, mouthing, “Baby steps.” Rhodey settled back with his eyes fixed on Steve’s face. Yeah, there was still a lot of shit they needed to sort out.
“You played us all,” Sam growled.
“Iron Man,” Dean breathed. His eyes were very bright.
Tony groaned. He’d forgotten the Winchesters “This is going to hurt.”
“I didn’t do anything!” Tony was quick to reassure him. He hadn't. Probably.
“Hi.” Steve knew he looked stupid sitting on the bed smiling like a crazy person at Bucky, but he couldn’t help it.
“Nat is going to tear off your balls and feed them to her pet iguana,” Clint told him.
Tony sighed. “So, I maybe did something stupid.” He hated admitting it, but running like that hadn't been his smartest move.
Tony snugged in, wriggling until his ass found the perfect indentation in his mattress. “It wasn’t that bad.”
Operation Seduce Steve wasn’t catchy, but whatever.
The earth beneath him gave a groan and started moving. “I should learn to shut up,” Tony muttered to himself. And then the huge dome of heavy wood that curved above them began to move as well. Tony gave a panicked glance over at Skurge and Jörmungandr, but they seemed frozen in place. “Uh, guys?”
I?” Bucky whispered; eyes bright with hope and love as he stared at Tony.
The other, a tall man with a thin, bearded face, intense eyes and a cloak that would rival Thor’s, said to Steve, “Tony Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me.”
She shook her head. “I wanted to talk with you,” she said, sitting down on the huge chair opposite him. She drew her legs up beneath her, crossing her arms around her middle. “Perhaps you are wondering what made me speak to you on the jet?” She tipped her head to the side, watching him.
Thor nodded. “We call it Ragnarök.”
Tony knew that because of the expression on Natasha’s face. She was impressed. Well, her nostrils had flared a little, and her thumb had twitched. As good as it gets.
“When Thanos snapped his fingers, Earth became ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions. No one's ever seen anything like it.” Bruce said. “Until two days ago. On this planet.” He called up a hologram of a planet, a shockwave visibly traversing the surface.
“No,” Tony said, kicking at the squat beast that was knocking at his knees with vicious teeth. “You don’t say?”
“And you didn’t let your anger at me stop you from doing the right thing.” He touched his lips to Tony’s, a benediction. “In case you missed it, Stark, this is me telling that I’m gone over you. Head over heels stupid gone.”
Rhodey nodded wisely, “This is known.”
. It seemed right to bold it in his head. The key fitted, wonder of wonders, and actually turned. He swung the door open, keeping back just in case some sort of wildlife had taken up residence.
“I’m glad you did,” Tony said. “Times like this, you need your family around you.” The heart-wound was still visibly fresh now, barely a couple of months old, not years scarred over like in Tony’s time.
“Well, that’s comforting,” Natasha drawled.
He looked up to see Steve glaring at him. “What?”
“Huh,” Tony said, sitting down on the bed to pull on socks. “How come I didn’t know that?” He thought about sending Pepper a betrayed glare but decided that living was preferable.
Tony opened his mouth to say SHIELD, but then remembered that SHIELD no longer existed. “Bring him here,” he said, his voice a little hoarse. “Quickly.”
responsible for that,” he said, pointing to where Bucky had vanished.
“Talk to me.”
Tony turned his gaze to him. Last chance. “Did you know?”
“Shut up, Banner!” Rhodey panted, running after Tony who kept running away from him, cackling like a crazy person.
starts talking....
Tony rubbed his eyes. “Two years,” he mumbled. Bruce was the sneakiest motherfucker in the universe. And don’t let anyone tell you differently.
Tony turned to the nearest console, mind working furiously. “We’re going to have to figure out a way to get the rest of the team up to scratch.”
So, anyone who's read anything I've written knows how much I adore Supernatural. The way this story s heading seems like a perfect fit for my boys....
weekends are bad for writing. watched a guy almost get munched by a shark on Sunday which was fun. Not. For those who didn't....https://www.facebook.com/WSL/videos/10153042682737058/?pnref=story
Steve watched as Tony sat back down, hands hanging loosely between his legs as he leaned forward. “So, Thundercat, what are we expecting?”
Tony took a deep breath. “I think I’m in trouble, Bruce.” He didn’t pull away from Bucky.
“Mr. Stark?” His voice was cracked and rough as though he’d spent years screaming. He quite possibly had, if what Steve had told him was true.
Steve heard Peggy whisper to him and he reached out to touch the nearest wall. She lit up in pinks and purples, blushing against his palm.
“I’m going to see if I can assist Dr. Banner,” Thor said. “Perhaps what venom the creature carries will have no effect on me.”
“He’s not been alone since the moment you came into his life,” Steve said. “You and Pepper, even Vision and F.R.I.D.A.Y. never left him.”
“She was very careful not to let her skin come into contact with it,” Thor said, still holding Tony’s arm.
Thor lowered his hammer. And his eyebrows. “I would not demolish your home, Tony.” He sounded a little hurt. Oh god. Heh. Tony was quite possibly over-tired.
Steve wondered if he would ever stop feeling amazed by this, by them. “I’m a lucky guy,” he said.
“Bucky. Buck. Bucky.” Steve repeated Bucky’s name in a desperate refrain as he kissed him, poured every bit of love and loss and adoration into the kiss that he could.
Pepper waved him off. “Do it. We are out of options.”
my suit on?” Tony asked. At Strange’s nod, Tony shrugged. “Okay, I’m not going to ask anymore, but it’s going to look stupid.”
Suddenly he was ravenous. “You’re a life-saver, Greased Lightning,” he exclaimed as he grabbed several of them.
“You only have one hand,” Tony scoffed. “Let’s wait until you’re not disabled before you get all cocky with me, Barnes.”
“Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel,“ Scott said. “That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events –“
Steve blinked in shock. “Buck,” he began.
Extremis? A thought for another day. It looked as though nothing had ever shredded his chest and heart into paper, the skin as smooth as it had been before his world had changed forever.
Tony blinked then, brain obviously turning back to the conversation. “I do listen,” Tony protested. “When you actually make sense.” Steve rubbed at a spot between his eyes. He wished that drugs still worked on him, the headache was getting worse.
So this is where I go off canon. Up until the final battle of Civil War most is the same. But, because Tony knows about the Winter Soldier, different choices are made.
Loki flinched away. “I don’t want the child of my disgrace.”
“I love you like a brother,” Sam agreed, looking at Steve, “But I don’t need to hear about your sexual escapades.”
let that go?”
He jumped up, crossing over to her. “Pep! I...” Yeah, he had nothing.
“Come on,” Steve said, determined not to let this get to him. “I’ll take you to the gym.”
“The ritual is pretty similar to summoning a demon,” Sam said, going back to crushing herbs with the pestle and mortar. “I assume that this is the route we’re going to go?”  He looked around the room at them and at Steve’s nod, got busy.
“How come we didn’t get one of those?” Clint asked.
She pulled him close, whispered in his ear. “Hold on to me, Tony Stark. I fear that this will cause you much pain.”
“Your child is the monster that destroys our world?” Thor looked like the natural phenomenon he was named after, eyes dark with anger.
Sam nodded his thanks.
Tony lifted his head to see Steve waving at him. Bucky was plastered to his side. He grinned. “Let them in.”
Tony was intrigued and as per usual, curiosity won out over humiliation, so he crawled back out, accepting Steve’s hand to help him to his feet. He folded his arms in defense again. “Just to be clear, and I’m still fuzzy on several of the details, what offer was that?”
Thor jumped to his feet. “It would be a wonderful thing to spar with you, Captain and you…” he paused, looking at Bucky. “I am not sure how I am to address you.”
“The X-Men?” Bucky suggested.
“What for?” Natasha asked. “Doc and I were never going to work anyway. He was always in love with his Betty.” Her tone was neutral and Steve was frustrated at not being able to read her.
Steve stared at her. “You don’t just hate Tony, do you?” he asked. “You hate us all.”
“It's not my fault!” he yelped.
“I’m feeling a little woozy too,” Rhodey said, staggering to a chair.
Thor rolled his shoulders. “I am not sure,” he admitted. “Faster than any of us would like.”
“I’m not a dom,” Tony told him. “I never liked that scene.” He wanted to help Bucky but he wasn’t sure that he could.
“Bumping uglies, playing hide the salami, fucking like bunnies.” Fury just sounded impatient now.
And Tony thought that maybe salvation came in the form of a broken one-armed man with misery in his eyes and desolation on his hands.
Tony swung his head to stare at Steve. “Really?” He felt his heart give an excited little leap. Only a few days and already things were looking way better in this timeline.
“I’ve heard that Reed Richards is looking for a few more to add to his crew,” Rhodey said, ignoring Tony’s angry sputter. “I bet he won’t get pissy when I need armor upgrades.”
“Thor’s got a big mouth,” Tony muttered. Something skittered in the dark. Tony managed (barely) to contain an unmanly yelp. “What the fuck?”
“The Collector has already agreed to hand over the Reality Stone,” Thor said. “He will meet me at the Rainbow Bridge.”
“It’s very good to see you again.” J.A.R.V.I.S. said, that slightly soft smile in his voice that had always reminded Tony of the one person in his life who had loved him without reservations.
Bucky shook his head. “None of us have the first clue how to deal with demons,” he pointed out. “From what I’ve seen about the Winchesters, they could get a doctorate.”
Both Steve and Bucky held him down. “Sparring,” Bucky said. “Now shut the fuck up. We haven’t actually slept properly since you left. I think Steve is running on adrenalin and coffee.”
“I'm not speaking to you on my phone.” The smile in his voice made Tony grin back.
“She’s not dead yet,” Rhodey, ever-helpful asshole, pointed out.
“Why do
“Thor said that Jane found this out at White Sands,” Bruce explained. “We’re trying to figure out what it is.”
from me. My arm, my memories, my choices, my hope.” Tony’s hand tightened on Bucky’s. He was shaking so hard that Tony was afraid he might shake apart into tiny little bits.
“To save the multiverse!” Tony declared. “I have a plan.”
“I think we broke him.” Tony’s voice brought Steve back to himself. He opened his eyes to meet Tony’s amused gaze. “Hi.”
Then stopped, thinking about what he’d said. Sam and Clint were howling. “I'm going to ask Fury to give me a new team,” he threatened. When had he lost complete control of his life?
“Oh, I’ll kick your ass if you fuck him over again,” Rhodes said. “But I’ll leave the actual dirty work to the Hulk. He loves Metal Man.”
“Biggest. Shit-stirrer. Ever.” Tony pointed at Bruce. “Don’t let the mild-mannered Clark Kent disguise fool you. He’s a dick in disguise.”
Pepper made an inelegant sound. “It carries a certain douchebaggery about it.”
Later? Steve felt like he’d stepped through the original looking glass. “Later?” he squeaked.
“You asked me about that before,” Bruce said. “When…” he stopped, eyes going wide. “Shit.”
“Thanks, man.” Steve put the coffee down and tucked into the soup. “This is great,” he said while chewing on thick chunks of tender chicken. “Who made it?”
“Now, that just sounds creepy,” Sam told him. Steve had forgotten he was there. It seemed to be happening a lot lately. He was so focused on Bucky and Tony that he wasn’t aware of anything else around him.
Clint followed her, without asking.
“Gee, I wonder why,” Tony deadpanned.
Thor shrugged. “Loki knows more about the Infinity Gems than anyone else I know, apart from our father. If he says it, then it must be true.”
“It must be now,” Thor said, holding Mjolnir up and taking a breath. Tony could barely see what was happening with the breadth of Steve’s shoulders blocking his view. Lighting exploded, blanketing the room in a shower of sparks and the smell of ozone coating the air like sticky toffee. Tony’s stomach roiled.
“Don’t care, don’t share.” Bruce waved at the computer generated image spinning slowly in the middle of the lab. Vision had his hand in the center of the brightly glowing sphere.
His smile dropped the moment he was alone. Nothing any one of them did would be enough for him to forgive them. He had a feeling that of them all, only Natasha knew just how betrayed he felt. He’d be a fool to let them back into his life.
~~~O~~~~
“That doesn’t mean I have to be someone’s fucktoy,” Bucky said, lips thin. “I’ve had my choices taken away from me for over seventy years. You don’t maybe think I’d like to make decisions for myself now?”
Tony kept his eyes on Strange. He moved closer, around Clint and Steve. They were too busy prodding at Loki to notice. “It’s a mathematical formula,” he said, sitting on the coffee table in front of Strange.
His words were muffled as Steve grabbed him, hauling him into his arms. “Oh my god, Buck.” Steve felt his throat close as he blinked away the tears in his eyes. “You’re remembering me, us, life before Hydra got hold of you.”
“So we’re even?” Tony’s mouth went thin. “Is that the party line?”
He wondered if Tony had some advice for him. He tamped down the knee-jerk urge to pull out his phone.
“Seems like the best thing for everyone,” Bruce said.
Tony narrowed his gaze at them. “That was
“I lost the kid,” Tony told him, as though Steve hadn’t been there, watching as yet another person that Tony loved was taken away from him.
Loki nodded. “It would have to be removed from its host though.” Loki said it as though removing Vision’s power source was the easiest thing.
“I'm not getting that shield back, am I?” Tony could literally hear his back teeth grinding.
Steve took a breath. “That’s one hell of a gift,” he said.
Steve’s blank expression made Bruce sigh. “Trust me; it’s funnier if you’ve seen the movie.”
dumbass.” He sucked at air, trying to remember how to breathe.
Bruce sighed. “We've been trying, remember?”
Tony always forgot just how
“And relieve him of his jewelry,” Tony agreed. He paused. “And this? Us?” He hated that he sounded so uncertain.
The door opened and Rhodey rushed in, Pepper at his heels. “What’s going on, Tones? F.RI.D.A.Y. woke us up, saying you were in trouble.”
“I’m not sure exactly,” Bucky admitted. “Tony made me take a bunch of them over time while he was working on my arm.”
“No, he hasn’t.” Steve wanted to run back to that hospital room and make Tony listen, make him forgive him, make him not regret the last year of their lives. They followed Rhodes into the elevator, watching the numbers of the floors counting up.
Clint muttered something dire around a mouthful of scrambled eggs. Natasha’s eyes narrowed. “What was that, Barton?”
Bucky grinned at him. “We’re waiting in anticipation,” he said.
The jet wobbled in the sky as Clint lost control, bellowing his anguish and clutching at his head. The autopilot engaged just as they started a downward spiral.
Loki’s eyes were icicles. “You always tread on dangerous ground, Stark.”
Tony straddled Bucky’s lap. “I can think of a few million things,” he replied, draping his arms over Bucky’s shoulders. He watched Bucky’s eyes go dark. “How about you tell me what
Sam Wilson had no such reservations and the awkward flirting had been sort of amusing to watch.
Steve realized that perhaps he hadn’t been too smart as Tony let him go, sitting up on his haunches. He was still fully clothed as he looked down at Steve.
“We’re heading to the mansion.” Natasha’s quiet words had them all looking at her.
When he tried to move away, Bucky’s arm tightened around him. “It’s okay.”
“I told you that I was fine,” Tony said, eventually tired and irritated with the constant clucking around him.
“Where are you hiding, asshole?” Steve snarled.
Tony grinned back, running a hand down Bucky’s chest to the front of his pants. “You know, I think you could be right, Cap.”
who did the quick Russian translation: It means: "I'll tear your nuts off". LBR Natasha could totally do it.
“Tony, I’m trying to say that we both made mistakes. Sure, I made a few that, in hindsight, may have prevented so much of this shit-show, but you talked to Ross about the Accords before you even
Tony watched Cooper stare at his father. He saw the face of a scared little boy who’d been let down by the most important person in his life. He knew just how that felt.
“Don’t look,” Steve whispered. “Don’t look, Tony.”
Bucky shook with a silent laugh. “He’s a pain in the ass when he’s awake.” But his arms were still tight around Tony.
Bruce rolled his eyes. “Wanda.” The witch looked at him, eyes blank. “We’re leaving.”
“It is if you’re a gay man or a transgender person who isn’t interested in women,” Crowley said with a nasty little smile.
Pepper’s gaze narrowed. “Oh Steve!” she called, without taking her eyes off Tony.
Doctor Strange took Agent Coulson, Sam and Natasha with him to Wakanda to check with the king if he had access to a spaceship. Clint headed to his wife and children. Vision wandered off, muttering something about assisting Bruce and Loki and Thor…well, Steve had no idea where they went to and honestly, he didn’t care.
“I’m leaving before this gets awkward,” Bruce said, standing and skirting around them. He stopped at the doorway, looking back at them. “More awkward,” he amended with a little smirk.
Steve remembered those days on the run, him, Sam, Natasha, when they'd all thought that Fury was dead. His faking his death had cost him Natasha's trust. Steve wondered if Fury knew that. If he cared.
He smiled. “My Jane has agreed to return with me for as long as I am needed. It has made my task less onerous.”
Rhodey looked Fury. “You realize that if Tony walks, I do too, right?” His mouth was a tight, thin line. “Not even Captain America would make me stay.”
They all trooped inside without a word.
“No, babe,” Clint’s voice was very gentle. “Not yet.” He cautiously took the phone from her grasp. “I need to talk to Laura. Find out how the kids are.”
. Is this a dream or just a fantasy? A little less talk a little more action please.
Steve fell off the bed he laughed so hard. Well, he had a little help from Tony.
“I don’t know what’s worse,” he confessed to Bucky. “Steve being mad at me or Steve being sad at me.”
Tony pushed away from Bucky and sat up in the bed, the sheet falling to his waist as he shook.
~~~O~~~~
Vision opened his mouth to object. “I think he’s right.” Tony nodded. “You’re not always going to be the last word in science, V.”
Tony started coughing, choking a little on his own saliva, as he laughed his ass off all over again.
Tony lifted his hand away and plunged his fingers into Bucky’s hair. “I tried to get it done as quickly as I could.” He lifted his mouth away. “How long was I gone?”
“And you didn’t think that it was important to tell us
“What the fuck ever.” Rhodey waved it away for the lie it was. “Whose ass am I going to have to beat up to get the truth out of you fuckers.”
Bucky stood off his left. “He really loves you.” He didn’t look at Steve.
“He didn’t know me,” Bucky whispered. “Before.” He met Steve’s gaze then, eyes dark with pain. “There was no baggage. He didn’t give a shit about what I’d done, who I’d been.” He shook his head. “Who does that, Stevie?”
“There’s something not quite right with those two.” Sam stood at his shoulder.
Bruce gestured towards the kitchen. “Knock yourself out,” he said. She headed to the kitchen without another word. Vision hovered a little uncertainly, before he settled against the bar.
Tony sank against Steve, letting his head drop back, giving in to the kiss. Bucky stood behind him, his hands roving over the muscles of Tony’s back.
Yggdrasil said.
The room went even quieter.
“What?” Steve hated the expression on Bucky’s face. “It’s true; I’m not anyone’s idea of a prize.”
“Now what?” Clint asked. He rummaged through the case, packing out item after item including a pair of glasses that looked like something out of one of Bruce’s god-awful James Bond films. He passed the laptop on to Natasha who promptly set it down on the dining table they’d been given to use.
I hope this chapter is something that you've all been waiting for. I know that I've been waiting to write it. It's a little longer than normal but it didn't feel right to cut it.
Steve groaned. “Lord, give him even more reason to have a fat head, why don’t you?”
With Steve working his dick and Bucky working his ass, Tony wondered how his little backflip in time had resulted in this completely surreal experience. He wasn’t questioning things, no sir, but he’d fight even harder to keep Steve like this.
“You’re a dick.” Dean shook his head, but he was laughing.
Tony stared up at the tree.
Tony’s eyes were wide. “Don’t hurt him please, Nat. He can’t help his stupid.”
Tony wanted to be sick. He grabbed Bucky’s face in his hands, forcing his eyes up. “Never.” He met Bucky’s anguished gaze. “
“Why don’t you tell
“Sure thing, Cap.” Clint quickly got the jet in the air and set course for New York.
“He forgave us all,” Steve said. “The announcement by the President for us to return was a Tony Stark blanket statement of forgiveness. He knows that you may never escape the Hydra conditioning. He’s made a provision for that.”
Despite the imminent danger, despite the lost years, despite everything, Steve felt his mouth curve in a smile. Something his mom had said to him once upon a time, when he was scrawny and broken from bullies beating on him, came into his mind. “The darkest hour has only sixty minutes,” he murmured.
“Why?” Tony looked genuinely curious. “You’d walked away, started something new with new friends in a new place. It was just me and Vision and Rhodey and, well, Rhodey couldn’t do much for a very long time, and people are terrified of Viz.”
“Go away.” He thought that was clear enough.
“He’s got that look on his face again.” Bucky’s voice brought him back to the present. He blinked again, admiring how they looked together.
“But you
Bucky swallowed hard. “Not all were faceless.” There was a note in his voice that made Tony stop.
“Thor said he’d take care of that and leave the shavings in the safe back at the tower,” Natasha said.
“I’m fine,” Tony bit out. “You’d be surprised just how very fine I actually am.”
“And he always responds beautifully,” Tony replied. “If he didn’t want to, he’d just ignore me.”
Rhodey flopped down next to him. “I hate you with the fire of a thousand suns,” he said, crossing his arms petulantly.
Tony patted his arm. “You’re my number one boo. Brucie-bear is my number one bro. You need to learn to love each other.” Steve gave a strangled chuckle.
Tony glowered at him. “Don’t even let me get started, old man.”
Tony cracked his eyes open. He wasn’t dead. “Huh,” he said.
Thor beamed at him. “Love!” he boomed. “'Tis my favorite topic, aside from food.” He planted himself in the chair opposite Tony with a box of untoasted Pop-Tarts in front of him and shoved an entire Pop-Tart into his mouth. Tony tried not to wince. “Who is the focus of your affection, my friend? It has been an age since you have enjoyed congress with anyone.”
Ross shook his head. “I’m not telling you anything.”
“Well, well, well, Rogers, you finally got the balls to do it,” Bucky drawled.
Steve tried to process this. “So he wanted us to be his what…weapons?”
Tony turned his head from Bruce’s perceptive gaze.  “I broke up with Pepper,” he said apropos of nothing.
“Nuh-uh.” Tony watched as Richards grabbed at Ross’ arms. “Play nice, Mr. Secretary.”
“That’s what I said!” Steve exclaimed.
“And still, awesome as I am, you left.”
“What?” Tony asked, letting his body rest against Bucky’s. “Thor’s a god.”
“We’re very reasonable people,” Bruce said. “Unless you mess with us. Then, we get
“My mouth has possibly gotten me into trouble a time or two,” Tony admitted, hobbling towards him. He gave Natasha a wide berth. Collapsing against Steve, he asked, “What did I miss?” Steve obliged by wrapping an arm around his shoulders.
apolgies for the delay in posting. I broke my thumb and am only now able to type without howling iin pain. Sexy times are coming. STG.
Bucky kept his gaze steady on Tony. “Everything.”
“Then it surely has some insight on our plight!” Thor looked like he wanted to fly directly to the source.
“Fuck,” Tony groaned. “Why did you have to bring him with you?”
“And then he isn’t,” Pepper said with a smile as she led the way to her office. “Shall we debrief now so that you can go and hover over him?”
Thanks again for comments and kudos. We are getting to the meat of things now.
James ‘Bucky’ Barnes wasn’t the easiest person to share space with, Tony had quickly realized. He understood that Barnes was suffering from severe PTSD. But two weeks had passed and Tony was no nearer getting to know the real man behind the haunted eyes.
“Yeah, not comforting,” Tony muttered. “I feel better knowing that my friends can hear at least one part of the conversation.”
“Why is that?” Bruce asked.
Tony shook his head even as Uatu was asking.
But with half the world taken in an instant, a rapture of sorts, they couldn’t reach anyone. They were what was left. They were the last line of defense.
Thank you for reading, commenting & kudo'ing.
Sam just rolled his eyes, looking terrified. Steve really had lost control of the entire situation. Bruce was no help. He’d closed his eyes, put his earphones in, and was ignoring the circus raging around him.
“Yeah.” Clint’s breath against Tony’s skin was damp. “Nothing much else to say.”
“Just how are you communicating with him?” Natasha demanded, still not entirely happy with Wanda after everything that had happened.
Rhodey and Vision took their places at his back. “You ready for this?” Rhodey asked quietly.
~~~~~~
“So, what’s the plan, Cap the Man?” Tony asked just as they hit Washington airspace. “Just go in and pull the Prez out, or try to reason with Loki?” He cackled at his own joke.
“He made it sound convenient,” Clint said with a considering expression on his face.
“Thanks, Einstein,” Sam said, but he was smiling. Clint flipped him off. “We treat Set like we treat Crowley.”
“Nix!” Tony crossed his fingers. “Hell no. Not me. No sir-ee, Bob!” He paused. “I wonder who Bob is? Was?”
Tony met Bruce’s gaze. “Fiji,” he admitted. “I had a couple of zees on the jet too.”
“I don’t know the guy at all,” Steve said, “but he doesn’t strike me as the sort of person who will just give up his source of power.”
Tony didn’t almost kill himself at the end of a nuclear missile.
Tony sighed. “Nobody regrets what happened more than Bruce.” He met Ross’ gaze, saw the anguish of a father who wanted to avenge his child. “He would never have hurt her. And she would never have wanted you to hurt him.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “What aren’t you telling us?” he asked. He could spot a bullshitter a mile away.
“And his eyes get all soft and watery,” Bucky added.
Tony walked into the living room, jacket off, tie loose and hands in his pockets. “Whatcha watching, Mon Capitan?” he asked, that sly grin telling Steve that he already knew.
“I’m not blaming you,” Steve assured Tony. “At least not anymore.” He indicated Bucky. “I know just how stubborn this guy can be.”
“That’s not really an option though, is it?” Bruce’s quiet question had Thor looking at him.
“That wasn’t your decision to make, sir.” The title was snapped between his teeth.
Loki’s eyes met his. “You wish to bed me?” he asked. Rhodey started coughing and Sam helpfully smacked him on the back. “I was not aware that you were a lover of men as well as women.” He glanced over to where Pepper and Laura stood. “You are no longer the consort of the lady of the flame-colored hair?”
“We’re not ready yet,” Tony said.
....all the way. As are Rhodey & Pepper & Vision.
“Rhodester.” Tony propped his fists on his hips. “Not cool.” Then he broke, cackling as he fell back against the cabinets. "Oh my god, your
night, Pep?”
Tony closed his eyes, put a hand on Vision’s chest. “Yeah.” He felt the tears that had been building finally come. “It’s him. Welcome home, J.”
Bucky’s eyes were red-rimmed and glassy. “I lost the love of my life, Tony and I have no fucking idea how to live without him anymore.” He fell forward into Tony’s arms; face hot in Tony’s neck.
“Oh boy, there goes that genius I.Q.” Tony looked at Vision. “You’ve done your scans?”
“Well, the person identified has been reported as killed in action.” JARVIS paused again. “In 1944.”
“What for?” Steve’s voice was just as soft.
He sighed. “I know.” He handed her a card. “Here.”
Thanks for sticking by me.
“He knew that you would be sceptical,” Vision said. “He told me to remind you that he’s a genius.”
Before.
Tony turned his head so that he could kiss Bucky. Steve wondered what he tasted like. He wanted to know. “Just setting some ground-rules,” Tony murmured against Bucky’s lips. “Otherwise this is going to get very messy.”
He walked out of the United Nations with the five people he trusted the most in the world. The sixth was somewhere in Africa, hopefully kicking some sense into certain people. Not that he cared.
Thor moved the plate out of Sam’s reach. “I made
Steve looked down to see Bucky watching him, something dark and dangerous in his gaze.
She grinned, passing the sleepy toddler over. He was going on three now, plump with the baby fat that made all babies the best cuddlers. Laura had made sure he learned their names. She’d informed him that Baby Barton wasn’t an acceptable form of address.
Tony levered himself up onto the workbench, legs swinging. “Do you remember how you felt when you woke up from Loki’s spell?” He saw Clint’s grimace. “You
“Tony, you’re freaking me out here,” Steve said, freezing when Tony flinched back again.
Jim’s mouth thinned. “You’re calling me a liar?” His fist clenched. Tony continued unbuckling it from his shoulder.
So why did it feel like his world had started crumbling beneath his feet?
Steve shook his head. “Not anymore.” He looked at the king. “Did you need me for something?”
saving water.” His blue eyes were very earnest.
Tony leaned against him. “You’re so logical,” he complained. “I don’t know how we work together.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I like what I’ve seen of James Barnes so far. He’s full of shit but he’s not half bad. Kinda reminds me of myself a little. Only not as pretty or as rich. Besides, I know that Rogers won’t stay unless Barnes stays, so basically I have no choice.”
“Ah yeah, the thing.” Dean skipped behind Sam when Steve glared at him. “Hey! I’m just going with the flow here.”
“To knock boots?” Bucky suggested, smirking just a little.
Steve heads upstairs. Tony is forgiving. And the sex.
Tony staggered back, hand coming up to grab at his chest. “Not cool,” he wheezed. “Fucking uncalled for. I never built you to be able to lie.” He took several quick breaths, trying to get his heart rate back to normal.
“Shut up,” he muttered maturely. Bruce just grinned at him. Fucker.
Dean’s face was white. “Your boss got over his beef with me,” he spat. “I suggest you do too. I wouldn’t want to have to call in
“He's perfectly fine,” Loki said dismissively. “I just couldn’t cope with the constant whining. He’ll be able to speak again once he’s out of this room.”
,” Tony insisted, eyes running over Steve’s face. “I had your blood on my hands.”
“Let me in,” Tony rasped, his body starting to shake. He heard Xavier call out but motioned for Happy to close the door and lock it.
“He said that the guy who went into the cave died there.” He thought that maybe Tony wouldn't mind him telling Bucky. “And the guy who walked out of the cave would spend the rest of his life making amends for the guy who died.”
Put like that, Steve
Bucky snorted a laugh and kissed him properly, lips and tongue and teeth in one sweeping motion that made Tony feel  giddy.
Tony about swallowed his tongue. “Oh my god, the world needs to know just how much of a sass-monster you are, Steven Rogers.”
“So noted, sir.”
“Stop that,” Steve told him as the elevator doors opened.
would like to have made that decision himself.” Dean had finally found his voice again.
“You mean you?” Steve looked at Tony. “He means him, right?”
He felt Bucky lean forward, press against him. He opened his mouth more, let Bucky kiss him harder. It had been a long time since he’d been properly kissed by a guy. Bucky sure knew his way around.
“She’s dead. We had to kill her when she attacked us. But Tony, she finally told us the truth,” Natasha said. “About the vision she’d shown you, the purpose she’d kept hidden from us all along.”
“Then what the hell are you doing with me, Stark?” Bucky asked, face still hidden from their view.
“Don’t hurt my cat!” Tony yelled from his bed.
Tony scooted behind Strange. Discretion was definitely the better part of valor in this case as Skurge landed on his feet in front of them.
Thor's hammer left a hole in the window of Pepper's office that she wouldn't quickly forgive him for.
“Whoop-de-fucking-do,” Rhodes said. “Not our problem, well, except that it fucking is!”
“Please,” a girl begged. She looked about fifteen, being fucked by a man with obsidian skin and a woman with a monstrous strap-on. “Help me.”
“Well, nobody ever accused me of being reasonable before,” Tony said. “If you say it’s okay, Clint can come here, be with you. I can’t promise that I’m going to be mature about it, because, well, it’s me. But the kids miss him,
“You’re late,” she told Rhodes.
Tony’s sharp gaze met Steve’s. “And you? Did you get some rest?”
“If I say yes, will you leave it at that?” he countered.
“Aye-aye, Captain!” Sam gave him a two-fingered salute as he did a barrel-roll over Rhodey.
“Michael, not Adam then,” Tony noted.
“That didn’t sound
“There’s always a dog with bigger teeth out there, James.”
“Shut up.” Clint stepped into the fray. “You don’t get to be a martyr about this.” He poked Tony’s chest. “We all chose sides. Someone was going to get hurt.”
“Stop talking,” Tony gritted. “Let me be perfectly clear. Whatever you’re planning, whoever you’re talking to, wherever you’re taking this, it won’t happen. Not under my watch.” The guilt was almost crippling. Now that he could see it for what it was, Tony couldn’t bear the thought that he’d supported the SRA in any way.
“The Collector is an immortal being who is extremely powerful,” Loki told him. “It would be very unwise to attempt to take anything that he has collected.”
Rhodey’s arms tightened around him. “Don’t pester him today, Tones. He just got married.”
Steve tossed it back, wondering if something not from Earth might finally have some sort of effect on the serum.
He spotted a handwritten sign advertising accommodation hanging over one doorway and parked the suit. He pushed inside, and the cool dark welcomed him.
“Chicken shit,” Bucky declared.
“And then the other one gets left behind,” Tony said. “Alone. On their own.” He loved being right. Poking holes in things was his favorite thing to do.
“Which is why I called them,” Clint said. “As soon as the word ‘demon’ cropped up, I thought of them.” He took a breath when Nat touched his arm. “We have no fucking idea what we’re doing.”
~o0o~
“Watch,” Bucky repeated, pressing his face against the front of Steve’s boxers, taking a deep breath. Steve and Tony both groaned in unison.
“I’m not forgetting the fact that you kept this a secret from us, Tony.” Steve’s face was set in stern lines. “This Registration Act could cause a lot of trouble for us and our friends.”
“I know it’s not my place, Colonel, not any more. But please, just tell me that he’s not in danger.” Steve had not often begged, but he was prepared to do more if it meant that Rhodes would tell him about Tony.
“We could contact NASA?” Coulson suggested. “But I seriously doubt they would lend us one of the space shuttles.”
“Deal.” Tony gulped and they shook hands, staring at each other. “Just so that you know, I’m a complete mess. I
Steve frowned. “You recognize me?” he asked.
“Majesty….” Steve felt as though he was going to explode out of his skin.
“Fine.” Steve heaved a sigh, poking Tony in the ribs. “But you’d better obey orders.”
I wouldn’t have tried to help him.? To help you?” He felt his chest tighten.
“Yours.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” he blurted.
He sucked in a breath. “That stupid kid from Brooklyn was left to die and then forcibly brain-washed by enemies of democracy for over seventy years. And he
“I heard you danced with the Devil,” Fury said, eye-patch twitching. “You lead?”
They all turned to look at Bruce who dropped his goggles on his workbench. “For you, always.” His smile was almost shy. Hers wasn’t.
“We started with six but I think we may have to go up to ten or eleven,” Bruce said.
The skeptical eyebrows went up. “I
Bucky surged out of the chair and threw his arms around them both. “We won’t lose you?” His voice was shaky.
“Hm.” Fury’s grunt wasn’t reassuring, but it wasn’t a no.
“Still wanted to suck your dick, man.” Sam laughed hard when Steve choked on the swallow of coffee he’d just taken.
got you killed! You let me live with that!”
Tony watched Steve take a cautious sip and grimace. “I was never really much of a drinker,” he admitted.
Then he sat up straight.
“Oh. My. God.”
“I’m sure we can manage to help you with that,” Steve said, a small smile on his face once more. He loved Tony’s face, smirking and wicked and so very beloved.
“Thanks.” Tony was clearly going to have to do some major damage control. “I’m going to just…” He waved vaguely back at the house.
“I’ve taken the liberty of starting the shower, boss,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “According to our sensors, it’s very advisable.”
Coulson snorted. “There is no therapy out there that can cure what ails you, Tony.” He paused. “Now, what’s really going on? How did you find out I was alive? Only Director Fury and Maria Hill knew.”
“What about Odin?” Bruce sat down in one of the other armchairs. “Can’t he do something?”
Tony tried to get Bucky to move. “Come on, Bucky, you need to talk to us. I won’t call you that if you don’t like it.”
Steve stared at him. “
Clint shot him a grin. “Where do you think I learned how to shoot?” he asked.
He was trying to be happy that Bucky had finally let himself be found. But why Tony? Why hadn’t Bucky come to him? And why hadn’t Tony let him know the moment he’d seen Bucky? He didn’t understand anything right now.
It was like something finally broke inside Clint. His eyes went bright and he staggered against Tony. He stumbled with the sudden weight, tumbling back onto the sofa with Clint in his arms.
Steve’s silence was heavy with disapproval. “So it is another secret?”
Lucifer howled, beating his wings against the bars of the Cage. “I will hunt down your children and sever them limb from limb,” he screamed.
“Stop it.” Natasha didn’t even look at him when she snapped the order.
Steve gave him a look. “As if you actually ever listen to me.”
Tony was way past drunk and well into death by alcohol poisoning territory. He was pretty proud of himself. He swayed a little, leaning against Bruce as he elaborated on his argument for time travel.
“Just how the hell did you pull that con off?” Bruce asked Loki.
But she was a Barton. So she did. “I mean, Steve’s pretty and all, but he’s, like, over ninety years old and you, again with the pretty, are almost fif…” The rest of that word was muffled under Tony’s hand.
“He is trustworthy,” Wanda agreed. “He will do whatever he can to stop the threat and to return Tony Stark to us.”
“Hulk smash?” Hulk asked hopefully.
He saw the way Steve looked at Bucky. And the way Bucky looked at him. Bucky was still too fragile, too broken to know what he really wanted and Tony was going to have to tread very carefully if he wanted to keep things under control.
When the SRA had been drafted, Steve hadn’t found Bucky yet. Bruce was wrong. Tony remembered now that Bruce hadn’t been here for the start of it all. He’d been hiding in a jungle in Borneo or somewhere equally remote. By the time Bruce had come back to New York, the SRA was already in motion.
“Banzai!” Tony yelled, running towards the bed and careening into them. Bucky toppled over onto his back, laughing helplessly as Tony bounced off Steve’s chest.
“What happened?” Tony asked, glancing quickly over at Vision who had frozen at the mention of his protégée.
“I can be mature,” Clint insisted. “When I want to.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. announced, “Welcome home, Captain Rogers.” Steve felt his shoulders tense up. He wondered what he’d find.
Did you see the Cap3: Civil War trailer? DID YOU? OMGGGG So many 2006-2007 feelings! I may have to go back & rewrite that damn story because it is just
father, was Laufey, leader of the Frost Giants?” Loki looked at Tony.
Natasha inclined her head and began to read….
“No.” Steve’s voice came through firm and certain. “Nobody goes off on their own, half-cocked.” Tony had the feeling that Steve meant those words especially for him. Which – rude - he always did things full-cocked.
“Well, that went swimmingly,” Clint said. “I’m feeling all the warm and fuzzy love.”
Wanda was a crumpled figure on the metal floor and Bucky stood over her with a knife in his hand. “Saving your ass again, punk?” he asked with a smirk, holding a hand out to Steve. “Just like the old days.”
“Thinking about what lies to feed me?” Crowley arched an eyebrow. “Don’t.” Tony saw the steel in his eyes. This wasn’t someone he wanted to cross.
“Colonel Rhodes, I have just ended a decade long relationship with the woman of my dreams, please do not foist me into the arms of another.” Tony lifted his nose snootily.
“’M not a dog.” Tony decided to move on principle. And the tiles beneath him decided to do the foxtrot. “Whoah.” He stared down to where his feet seemed to be moving in the opposite direction to his body. “Tha’s defying the laws of physhics!” he declared.
“Why don’t you tell us where you
Her eyebrows furrowed. “Where else would I be, Tony? You are my teammate and you were injured. I was concerned for you.”
“We’re going to space,” Clint said.
“Don’t let the door hit your ass on your way out,” Tony called as Fury swept out in a dramatic swirl of leather and pissed-off-itude.
Steve waited. Bucky seldom spoke without having something important to say. It had been one of the biggest changes in his friend. That smart-assed, quick-speaking flirtatious guy was gone forever. In his place was a man who thought before he spoke. Who measured his words like a perfumier.
Bucky sighed, lying back against the pillows. “Well, fuck.”
“I wanted to talk to you before the others got back.” Fury ignored Tony’s admittedly feeble attempt to irritate him. “A little birdie told me that you, the Soldier and the Captain have been knocking boots.”
tell him it was magic.”
Tony started laughing then. He laughed until he started crying and then fell into Steve’s arms as he splintered apart.
Pietro whooped and whizzed around the room, spinning Wanda as she laughed. Bucky leaned into Natasha, whispering something in Russian that had her lifting her hand to hide her smile.
He knew it wasn’t.
Tony laughed, a wet and ugly sound. “Yeah, Mom was a tough bitch. She had to be to stay married to Howard.” He closed his eyes, swallowing hard. “Why…” He took a breath. “Why are you telling me this?”
“Morse code?” Natasha asked.
Steve read the first line.
“Agent Romanoff and Director Fury are safely aboard a helicopter along with a former Airman named Sam Wilson,” JARVIS told them. “He has been working with the Captain and Agent Romanoff to destroy the Helicarriers and root out HYDRA.”
“There is not much to speak of,” Loki said, taking a mechanical bite. “We tried to contact Heimdall once more but the Bifröst is closed to us now.”
“I’d just like to officially announce that I hate everything about this place.” Tony felt the imperative to give voice to his annoyance.
“Well, I’m glad that you’ll have your girl with you,” Bucky said. His eyes were sad. “You should spend as much time as you can with the people you love.”
“What can you tell us, Colonel?” Steve asked, shaking his hand after returning the salute.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him. “Logan likes me,” he reminded Rhodey. “So does Professor X.”
“She was in danger. She’d broken the Accords and needed to be safe.” Tony sounded more than a little defensive now.
Then she began chuckling and leaned into Bruce. He uncurled enough to wrap an arm around her, tugging her closer.
“Yes, mother.” They all shared a horrified look at that. “Yeah, that wasn’t okay.”
“’Kay,” Tony agreed. “Night.”
Tony felt as sick as Steve looked. Bucky’s face was expressionless. “This where I’ll end up eventually?” Bucky asked.
“Mathematics is magic in its own way,” Strange said. He leaned back, supremely relaxed. “All science is magical.”
Bucky was white as he tried to get Tony to look at him. Rhodey moved between Strange and Tony, putting his hands on Tony’s cheeks, patting and calling to him. Nothing worked. Whatever Strange had done, Tony wasn’t there in the room with them right now.
“What? It's a 100 acres with a lap pool. It's got a screening room. There's worse ways to protect people.” He could hear the defensiveness and fucking hell, he wasn’t the one in the wrong here. He
Dean nudged Sam over, squashing him into the corner of the nook. “Move over, Sasquatch,” he grunted, putting a plate in front of Sam. “Time to eat, Sammy-boy.”
“No disgusting public displays of affection,” Natasha said, mouth flat.
take the time to comment it is beyond special. I am working through so many issues for so many people all at once that I sometimes feel like a pretty bad juggler.
“Monsters bad, people good?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “Now that’s a bit too black and white for me.”
Tony could feel it. The moment that his heart began to beat again. “Thank you,” he sighed, the pain easing with every breath.
Tony sputtered a startled laugh. “You’re absolutely right, of course.” They shared a smile. “He could be a bit of a prude.”
“The debt is mine to pay,” Loki said. “Can we just leave it at that?” Thor’s frustrated expression echoed Steve’s emotions.
Rhodey huffed out a laugh. “And he does it again.” But his face was soft as he smiled at Tony. “Always with the weird.”
Billie waved a hand and the space in front of her slid open, the scenery beyond looking like the wasteland after a nuclear disaster. “Good luck.”
“Father still sleeps,” Thor said, sending a sharp glance at Loki when he flinched. “It appears that nothing will wake him up. Since my mother’s death, he has not returned in spirit to Asgard.”
“He hasn’t cried yet.” Coulson wasn’t asking a question.
Tony sighed. “The correct answer is: “The same thing we do every day, Pinky. Try to take over the world”.” He was tempted to bang his head on the nearest hard surface.
Natasha took his hand carefully in hers. “Thank you.” Then she twisted his thumb back so hard that he screamed like a girl. “Dumbass.”
“If I still liked dames…” Bucky mused. Tony nodded silent agreement as they pushed the doors open leading to the garden. “Still not sure if Banner is a lucky man or needs therapy,” Bucky added.
“And?” Clint prompted.
” Jörmungandr said. “
He climbed to his feet and helped Natasha up. “We should get going,” he told her. “We’ll have to go by HQ to collect our gear.”
Tony lunged for the briefcase as the rest of the team scrambled for the door.
Tony straightened up at the look and frowned. “I know he transferred in from NYIT on a football scholarship.”
“Sir, Happy has the car waiting for you.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. broke into their stare-off.
The doors slid open on the living area. Loki was huddled on the sofa, shivering and miserable, with Thor hovering over him. Steve sat on the coffee table in front of Loki. The rest of the team were watching from the far side of the room. Tony wondered what he'd missed.
“Stop dissing the guy who just saved the universe,” Bucky countered.
“So you are, Captain, so you are.” Tony waggled his eyebrows at him as he pulled off his shirt. “Come on, Barnes, get with the program.”
“And giving Stark a reason to come back.” Steve realized just how dedicated Fury was to ensuring the success of the Avengers Initiative. He wouldn’t let anything derail his plans. He’d use any means necessary.
Tony really didn't need to hear the play by play. But it had become sort of riveting.
made me feel safe the moment you told me to get my ass inside your house.”
“We’re probably going to be on the evening news,” Rhodey said, indicating the tourists taking pictures at the White House fence. “Again.”
“King of Hell, right?” Tony grinned back at Sam. His earnest face reminded him a little of Steve.
Bruce sighed, but his mouth curved in a tiny smile. “I keep telling you that I’m not that kind of doctor, Tony.”
of the universe!” Tony declared, wobbling dangerously.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is requesting entrance.” J.A.R.V.I.S. had the slightest hint of disapproval in his voice. F.R.I.D.A.Y. had clearly been tattle-tailing.
“Tony, you fuck, get your ass moving.” Rhodey was whispering so softly that Tony could barely hear him. “It’s a Code Crimson!”
“Yup, just the last few adjustments,” he said, motioning Barnes closer. “You’ll be a new man.”
“Stop making up stupid names for everyone and focus, Tony.” Steve was apparently in full-on Captain Hardass mode. “I just think that you lack a certain….” He paused.
find in the poison has affected Tony’s heart. It’s basically eating away at the tissue.”
Natasha turned her gaze back to the book. “
“I too would like the chance to commune with the crown,” Wanda said.
“Well, that was an unexpectedly useful proposition.” It was Bruce’s dry as dust comment that had them all staring at him.
“Hi-ho Silver, into the woods!” He jumped onto the scooter and made a 'mush' sort of motion. The suit, powered by his incredibly boring new AI, putted down the main street towards the thick tropical forests at the corner of the village.
“What?” Tony bleated. “Also, ew. Why are you so interested in my non-existent sex life anyway?”
“I’m reconsidering having anything to do with you,” Steve told him. “It’s clear that you’re unhinged.”
Fury scowled at him. “This is a big mistake,” he began.
Tony shook his head. “No, that wouldn’t be right. J was a singular dude. You are your own person…?” He frowned. “What are you?”
“This is why he gets away with crap.” Clint pointed at her. “You all
“Tony.” Steve’s broken groan had them both looking at him again. “Please.”
“Oh god, I’m sorry.” Tony felt like a dick.
Tony grinned at him. “Nothing false about my modesty, Barnes.”
“This will not hurt,” Wanda assured him as the tendrils of scarlet light entwined her arms. “It will be over in a moment.” The threads of crimson wound around Loki’s neck, and seemed to ooze up his neck to wrap around his skull. Loki’s eyes went wide and terrified as Wanda’s magic slipped inside his mind.
“Should we go and check on him?” Steve’s worried eyes went to the window out back. Tony could just see Clint chopping firewood, Coulson standing close-by, a suited sentinel.
Her mouth curved. “He’s an idiot.” She sounded fond.
“But we’d have faced that all together,” Steve said. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I betrayed your trust in the worst possible way and tried to justify it to myself by saying I was protecting my friend. I should have been protecting
“First one to second base gets to choose the next toy.”
The Avengers and the Winchesters make a chilling realisation.
the United Nations, man.”
with you?”
Everyone talks. Tony has a revelation.
“Hey, hey now!” Tony protested. “The phone works both ways, remember,” forgetting that he was basically calling himself a bad friend.
Oh god, Tony wanted to brain himself on his workbench. “Ha ha.” His laugh couldn’t even qualify as fake. “Sure, she’s just not here right now.” Steve clearly hadn’t heard about the break up. Shit.
“Success then,” Bucky drawled. Tony resisted the urge to flip him off.
Steve squared his shoulders. “Someone should tell the President.”
There was a story there, Tony thought. When Sam lifted his head, the misery in them made Tony feel light-headed. “He’s a bad guy,” Sam said with what was clearly understatement. “But Dean and I, that’s what we do. We take care of demons.”
Steve kissed him.
“Yeah,” Tony said, rubbing a hand across his eyes. “Onward, McDuff.” He searched for Fury’s number in his phone and dialed it.
“He’s not your Bucky anymore.” Natasha reminded him of this every other day.
Bruce looked skeptical. “Please remember that I know you well.”
Tony tugged Bucky away from Steve, wrapping around him from the back. Steve kept his hands on him too, watching as Bucky slumped against Tony, back to chest with Tony’s legs on either side of Bucky’s hips. Bucky turned his face into Tony’s neck, clearly still hiding.
surprise him was Bucky. He didn’t sit down at all, choosing instead to watch from the doorway.
“Have a care, friend Tony, Loki is still my brother,” Thor warned.
Tony wondered whether the joys of working with super-smart people outweighed the pain-in-the-ass knowledge that he couldn’t keep much secret from them. He opened his mouth to fill the suspicious silence.
“Well, that’s not true,” Tony protested. “I haven’t built the suit to survive a nuclear blast.”
Asses were got on the plane.
Tony shook his head. “I’ll do it later. Right now, we celebrate our friend’s return. J, McDonalds and margaritas for everybody!”
The clattering of footsteps down the stairs heralded the arrival of the rest of the team, led by Rhodey. “Talk to me, Tony,” he ordered as they came in.
He ignored Steve and put his glasses on. “FRIDAY, what am I looking at?” A large circular spaceship spun over the street.
“Vision is a fucking walking computer. What I know, he knows.” Tony was already heading straight for his workshop.
more than I need you.”
him?” Tony suggested with a wink. Steve pulled an unimpressed face. Tony threw his hands up. “Okay, so anyone else have any bright ideas?”
“You needed me,” Tony replied, quick as lightning. “I’m your lobster.”
Bucky scowled, following Steve to the elevator. “I’m serious, Steve. It can wait.”
“What is it, Wanda?” Steve felt a peculiar urge to protect this girl. Her decision to fight on their side had cost her her brother and nothing Steve could ever say or do would change that.
“So, we wait?” Clint asked.
Steve shrugged. “Dunno,” he said, giving up on hauling Tony closer and bending to suck a kiss into Tony’s neck. “It just felt right.”
Strange nodded. “The Eye of Agamotto will be our portal to the place where Jörmungandr is to be found.” He touched a hand to the amulet against his chest.
“You got it, boss,” she chirped. “What if Lady Boss wants to talk?”
“Looks like our girl might have a suggestion,” Steve said.
The back of Steve’s neck went red but he didn’t turn around.
“Because it’s the right thing to do,” Tony said. He thought that maybe this was some kind of test. “It’s home to my friend and his family.”
Bucky sniggered. “That guy of ours is a special brand of crazy. Dum-Dum would have loved him.” He wandered over to the bar. “I need a drink.” The whiskey he poured was large.
a new one.” He looked up at Tony. “I stayed because you made me feel human again. You treated me like a person, not a commodity.”
“I will go with the god.” Wanda’s words took them all aback. She’d been sitting so quietly that Tony had thought she’d fallen asleep.
“He’s a sneaky son of a bitch.” Tony didn’t want to admire him, but it took serious balls to approach the leaders of three of the world’s superhuman teams and expect them to show up.
Steve wasn’t exactly expecting a warm welcome, but the chilly reception from Vision, who had made better time from the hospital than they had, was disconcerting. “Hey Vision, good to see you again.”
Apparently Clint was a tattle-tale. Tony glowered at him. “Not cool, you’re supposed to have my back,” he told Clint.
“I shall do this,” Thor avowed. He held Mjolnir up.
“That is our guide,” Strange told him.
Peter fell into Tony’s arms, and Steve caught them both as they stumbled back into him. “I don't know what's- I don't know what's happening. I don't…” Steve wasn’t sure who was crying harder, Peter or him. “Save me, save me! I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go, sir, please. Please, I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go... I'm sorry.”
Steve sent a hard stare Tony’s way. “So you
“I’m still programmed to respond to Ms. Potts’ enquiries, sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. replied. She didn’t sound sorry at all.
Bruce had the same thought clearly, because he hurried over to them. “What have you done now?” he asked.
“We won.”
“I’m more worried about what’s going to be waiting for us on the other side,” Sam admitted. “I can’t believe that Crowley or Lucifer haven’t clued in yet with all the commotion out here.”
“I feel like a horse’s ass.” Steve put a hand over his eyes, pulling his knees up to his chest. “I read this wrong from the start.”
“We’ve got him.” Bucky’s voice was very sure as he met Rhodey’s eyes. “
Tony lifted a hand to his lips. Bucky watched the movement.
Thor lowered his hammer. “Apologies, friend Tony. In my eagerness to complete my mission I forgot that the Bifrost can sometimes cause great damage.” He started heading towards the doors leading to the garden. “I shall confirm with Heimdall, Nova Corps and Taneleer Tivan that the stones are still in their possession. One of you must confer with the Doctor.” With a crack of lightning and light he was gone.
Steve shuffled closer, his body a hard, hot line against Tony’s. Something harder and hotter poked at Tony’s hip. He tilted his pelvis and pushed back.
“I came to find you.” Tony knew that was kind of obvious. “And I did. Tah-da!” He was extra-ordinarily proud of his success.
Bucky’s eyes twinkled. “I’ve been reliably informed that the pretty boy I’ve got my eye on is for sale.”
Thor looked wounded, his hand falling to the side. “Ah, friend Tony, I have been remiss in my behavior. I have destroyed your places of dwelling in my eagerness to return home in the past.”
Tony paused. “No bullshit?” he asked.
“Shut up,” Tony muttered, trying for menacing and failing completely.
Bucky didn’t look sorry about it. “You blame yourself,” he pointed out. “Think about it as restitution.”
Tony nodded glumly. “When he stares at you with that disappointed face.”
“Tony didn’t listen to me either,” Steve said. “He thinks he’s so smart. That he has the answer to everything. But Tony isn’t people-smart. And that’s where he failed. He didn’t stop to think that anyone could possibly disagree with him about the Accords. By the time he was willing to talk, it was too late.”
“What?” Steve stared at him in confusion, twisting the arm of whatever-the-hell-that-was so that it crumpled at his feet.
Tony waved Bruce forward again. “Your turn, Bruce.”
“Hey, I'm going to need that hand back,” Tony protested.
Avengers assemble. Tony hunts a Hulk
Bruce’s hand fell on his shoulder. “Steve. Stop.” Steve turned to look at Bruce. Bruce, whose eyes were red and mouth was trembling. “It’s too late.”
“How about you try it again?” Bucky suggested. There was something in his eyes, something that almost looked like a dare.
“It’s about four miles away, sir.”
He reached for his tablet.
“I don’t understand.”
And again, how could Steve have forgotten what a dick Bucky could be?
“He doesn’t owe me anything,” Steve insisted.
It was a beautiful thing.
Bucky looked up at Steve “Okay,” he nodded, clearly trusting Steve completely. “But if things get crazy…” He was visibly worried.
Because of Bucky.
“Why do we have to go there?” Tony couldn’t look away. He was barely aware of Bucky’s hand dropping on his shoulder.
Tony propped his fists on his hips. “Are you all being serious right now?” he demanded.
Natasha had remained silent through all of this. She asked Strange, “If Thanos needs all six, why don't we just stick this one down the garbage disposal?” She pointed at the Time Stone.
But Steve wasn’t okay with that. “You’ll be a liability if we don’t get that sorted.”
She nodded, indicating the duffle bag she’d dropped at the entrance to his workshop. “Same rooms?”
“Thrown every SHIELD agent to the wolves,” Tony scowled. “Blown all their covers, left them to fend for themselves in a world that wants to kill them.”
“I heard you’re pretty strong.” Bucky spoke up suddenly.
Tony frowned at him. “You can’t keep avoiding the subject,” he warned. “Sticking your fingers in your ears and singing doesn’t actually make the bad thing go away.”
He watched Bucky surge into Tony, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him back up so that he was splayed across Bucky’s thighs like a sacrifice.
Tony took several steps back until he bumped into a beeping DUM-E. “Until today you’ve never given even the slightest indication that you might be interested in men. Let alone me.” His mind raced. “Something isn’t right.”
Clint looked up. “This is your domestic situation, Cap. We just came along for the ride in case you felt the need to murder Tony.”
“Rewiring
“No,” Strange replied. “I was in a car accident and the bones on my hands were shattered. It was a surprisingly effective end to my career as a neurosurgeon.”
Tony felt the bile in his throat and forced it down. “That is remarkably awful.” The words weren’t anywhere near sufficient. No-one, even someone he had as little respect for as Loki, deserved to have his choices taken away from him like that.
“You don’t think we were too rude, do you?” Steve asked. He frowned. “I just wanted….” He struggled for the words.
~o0o~
Tony pointed at her. “Stark levels of snark, right there, Barton. Congratulations.”
“I'll make a note of it, Sir,” JARVIS said.
eating.
“Don’t apologize for something you can’t stop,” Natasha said. “You sound like Tony.”
Billie made an annoyed sound. “The door is one-way,” she said. “Once you’re down there, you can only get back using the portal.”
“No.” Bucky’s single word had Tony turning to look at him.
*warning major character death*
“Just find the goddam, fucking plane you two!” Steve shouted, ignoring Bucky's words. Natasha’s narrow-eyed glare told him that she hadn’t appreciated the noise in her ear.
“Oh.” Tony blinked. “The Brucester and I were just doing our genius thing, you know, when all of a sardine a ping went off on the gamma signature trace we’ve had in place since Loki and his goons tried to take over the world.”
Tony looked down at his feet. This wasn’t the appropriate time for a ‘that’s what he said’ comment. See, he totally knew self-restraint.
“What are you thinking, Tony?” Vision stood statue-still, only those peculiar, unblinking eyes moving as he watched Tony stride across the lab.
Gamma radiation. Now there was a thing Steve would have preferred to go his entire life not knowing about.
“That sounds very mysterious,” Bucky drawled.
The all-knowing wizard of weird shtick was getting old. Tony really,
Tony’s gaze narrowed. “Are you daring me to find a solution for this, Rogers?”
Coulson pursed his lips. “That would be….unfortunate,” he said. “Director Fury needs to know about this.” He dug a phone out of his pocket and pressed a button. He stood up, walking away from them as he rattled off a code that Tony struggled to hear.
“Hi,” Steve whispered as he slipped into Tony once more. He was just loose enough for it not to hurt and just tight enough for it to make him gasp at the sudden fullness.
“Why” Steve didn’t understand politics. He certainly didn’t try to understand this century’s convoluted, incestuous mess of politics. Besides, that had always been someone else’s department. He was more mission-oriented. This, come to think of it, was probably why they were in the situation they were currently in.
Natasha frowned. “Wasn’t that Isaiah?”
“It’s because you’ve spent half your life lying to everyone you meet,” Steve told him. He let Tony go and the loss felt was immediate.
“Fuck!” Tony exclaimed as he paused the video. “JARVIS, are you taking notes here?”
Tony was staggered. He needed to sit down. But chairs weren’t exactly in much supply here. “He likes me?”
Steve nodded. “We need to stop doing that. I guess the first thing we need to do is trust that Tony has always had our backs.” He remembered the icy tone that Vision had used on him. “It’s time to take some responsibility for our actions.”
Clint scowled. “Best of three.”
Thanks again for sticking with me.
“Ultron was the tipping point,” Natasha said. “That was when the world stopped trusting us to protect them.”
A moral one.
Just then Pepper burst in, followed by Rhodey. Her face was white and her eyes wild. “Tony!” She hurled herself into his arms. “You absolute asshole!”
“What about the mark?” Tony suggested, holding his hand up and spreading his fingers like the mark they’d seen.
“Oh. My. God.” Tony propped his fists on his hips. “You are worse than fucking DUM-E! Fine, come get your feel on.” He held out his arms and the cape whipped back, curving and fluttering around him like a girl with a massive crush.
Steve kept his eyes down, concentrating on his beer. He had no words. He was legitimately too terrified to talk, just in case all of his stupid feelings came tumbling out of his mouth in a humiliating waterfall of emotion.
“I can’t help it,” Tony said. “My brain never shuts down.”
wanted to know that story.
“I need to adjust the suit,” Tony protested. “Rhodey's too. Make it safe for space.” He was almost slurring his words now. Steve wanted to kick his own ass. Tony hadn't slept after they'd been together. He'd just showered and headed back down to the lab. No wonder he was swaying on his feet.
“Your shoulders are broad enough.” Steve’s mouth quirked.
“Remind me why I stick around again?” she asked, rubbing her hand.
“Well, that’s a dick move,” Tony declared from the bathroom door. “You started without me.” There was the hint of a pout.
Bruce shook his head. “The what?”
Bucky smirked a little. “He seems to bring that out in a lot of people.”
Rhodey, the dick, had the audacity to laugh. “You keep telling yourself that shit and you’ll eventually believe your own lies.”
~o0o~
The breath whooshed out of Tony in one startled exhale and …. “Unnngggg.” Feeling the entire length of one super soldier along his front was apparently all it took to reduce Tony to stupid.
Sam just watched him. “Which 'him' are you talking about?” he asked after a while.
He walked through the large glass doors, into the garden. It wasn’t the neat, precise rows of cultivated beds that Steve had expected. It reminded him of one of the books Tony had recommended to him, The Secret Garden. There were nooks and crannies, bowers and hidey-holes all around and it didn’t take Steve long to burrow himself into one of the hammocks that swung gently between two huge trees.
Tony felt cold. The bone-shuddering chill of the cave seeped through his body. “I wish I hadn’t seen it,” he said, turning to look at her, suddenly furious. “You showed me a future that’s impossible. Now I’ll spend the rest of my life hoping for something that will never be real.”
“Loki was about to tell us about Jörmungandr,” Steve reminded him.
to kiss him on purpose and not by accident. “How about I give you blanket permission for the foreseeable future that you can kiss me whenever and wherever you like?” He shook his head when Steve opened his mouth. “With the proviso that I can recant said permission at any time.”
“They’re
Her answer this time was gentler, blue beats of information thumping into him. He tried to keep up but she was frantic now, desperate to help him. “Peg, please. Stop. Let me give you what I know and we can take it from there, okay?”
~o0o~
“Death?” Tony bit out. “Anyone think to tell Laura Barton that?”
“Jeez, I step outside for some fresh air and come back to a threesome.” Clint’s laconic drawl had Tony smiling.
“Hey.” Bruce's protest was form only. He was a chickenshit coward. Tony narrowed his gaze at Bruce too. Much plotting. Mucho revengo.
“And that’s my cue, lady and gentlemen,” Clint said, standing abruptly. “I have groveling to do and a marriage to save.” He brushed Natasha’s cheek with a gentle hand. “Stark loves you, Tasha. He’s already forgiven you.” Clint was still the only one who called her Tasha. Their history made them family like Tony and Rhodes were family.
Steve felt his shoulders loosen in relief. “So he’s okay?”
Steve nodded. “I showed her a mental picture of Matilda, and she went a little nuts. Got several flashes of something that she is not happy about and then this started.” He waved at the chair. “Translation?”
Natasha followed Bruce and the gurney with the hissing, spitting creature firmly in hand. Clint and Thor were on her heels, looking once over at Steve who nodded at them to go.
Steve moved then, pulling Bucky into his arms. “Tony is a very good man.” He breathed the words into Bucky’s hair. “He’s impulsive, and arrogant and, sometimes lies like he breathes, but he’s a
Buck knew. He could see Steve’s face.  He’d known Steve forever. “How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.” He shook his head. “Gonna miss you, buddy.”
Tony glared. “Really, Steven?
~o0o~
Fury held up a hand, stopping Steve’s question. “Once we’re in a less conspicuous space,” he said.
“You know, the thing,” Tony said, keeping his tone earnest.
fucking lucky he was. He doubted Steve would appreciate it though.
Her laugh was tinged with a little hysteria. “Steve, it’s been five hours. Thor and the others got back about half an hour ago. Tony’s out of time.”
“I was on the phone with Steve just now,” Tony explained.
“I guess I should start back in Washington, when I recognized Bucky,” Steve said, briefly meeting Tony’s gaze. “I didn’t tell any of you. The only reason that Natasha and Sam knew was because they were with me when I saw him. We decided to keep it between us, until we could figure out what had happened to him and how I could get him back.”
Steve’s chest hurt. “I still think…”
“Oh. Right.” Clint dragged his feet as they followed Rhodes to the imposing front door.
He rolled off the bed, stretching and groaning as his bones clicked into place. Getting old….older, sucked.
“Uh….” Yeah, the mention of Bucky and sparring in one sentence was clearly enough to short-circuit Steve’s brain. It was a little humiliating actually.
“Working on that, by the way,” Tony told him. “Pretty soon I will have invented alcohol that is strong enough to get Captain America drunk.” He was pretty proud of himself.
“My brother has divulged his alliance with the Mad Titan, Thanos, in his quest to conquer Earth,” Thor sighed.
“In Asgard, when comrades share libation, we say “skål!”,” Thor said, lifting his glass.
“Trying,” Bucky muttered around Tony’s ass.
Steve watched him. “Why do I get the feeling this is a sucker bet?” he asked the room at large.
Tony threw an arm across Bruce’s shoulder. “The god-boys are back,” he told him. “Here’s hoping that we’ve caught a break.”
“Tell us about this Jörmungandr,” Steve encouraged. “What does that have to do with you and Loki?”
“Why?” Steve asked.
Tony sighed, letting Rhodey steer him into the living room and down onto a sofa. He slumped against him. “It was time,” he said.
“Are you talking about Banner or Stark?” Sam asked.
Uatu asked him, sounding a little offended.
She sighed, sitting down on the bed. “They’re coming home. What do you want to do?” She met his gaze fearlessly. “Whatever you choose, I’ll support you.”
“Except for that time you were an assassin for Hydra,” Tony pointed out helpfully.
“What’s that?” Bucky asked, jerking his head away as he looked at the machine with distrust.
It looked like Fury was about to have a heart attack. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he yelled.
Still perching on Steve, Tony grabbed the box and flipped it open. Steve couldn’t see what was inside, but Tony’s startled blink had him worried. “Tony?”
Uatu said.
Steve frowned. “Yeah, I know. I was there, remember.”
“Heavy, sweetheart, you’re heavy.”
Go you!
A thousand apologies. The retail industry is a nightmare this time of year. Hopefully I will be better. I hope you enjoy. Tony is being very difficult.
“I’m not used to you being this chatty,” Steve said, mouth curving into a sly smile. “I’m happy to see you, Tony.”
Steve held back as the doors closed. He leaned against the railing and watched. Bucky held out a hand. He pulled away from Tony’s mouth just long enough to order, “Come here.”
“It wasn’t your fault.” Tony had to somehow get through to him. “Nobody blames you.”
“Please.” Steve dropped his head so that his face rested in the curve of Tony’s neck. He moved his hips in restless time to Tony and Bucky’s hands, small puffs of air cool against Tony’s skin. “Love. Don’t. Not….”
“No thanks, emasculating woman of mystery,” Tony said. “I have my own wings.”
Bruce’s panic faded into a glare. “You’re an asshole,” he told Tony. “I don’t know why I thought it was a good idea to make you my best man.”
“That one.” Bucky pointed at the tunnel directly to the left of the one leading to the Cage. “We’ll go that way.”
Tony held his breath.
Bucky and Steve exchanged a look. Again with the eyebrows. Tony was going to have to learn this language. “Are you sure?” Steve asked. “Bucky gets a little possessive.”
Tony side-eyed her. “You know, more and more I’m seeing why Legolas married you.”
Pepper watched them leave and turned to Steve. “How come it’s always Tony?” she asked.
.” It made him sick when he thought about what Bucky had been through. He was constantly astonished at the strength it took for him to be standing here, sane and mostly whole.
The doors slid closed on Steve. Tony leaned against the back wall and closed his eyes. There were so many secrets in the team. So many stories that had never been told. Not to each other, anyway. It was part of the reason they’d split at the seams. They had been so busy protecting those secrets that the people who’d wanted them divided and conquered, had won.
Pepper nodded. “I’ve never doubted it.”
Steve frowned. “A Quinjet wouldn’t make it?”
Rhodes snorted a laugh. “Yeah, good proviso to keep in there.” He sobered, moving away from the cabinet. He stepped towards Steve, the swish-shush of the exo-skeleton a constant reminder of the battle that had been forced on them all. “Give him time.”
Steve had forgotten. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry.”
“And why would I be needed for Agent Barton?” Coulson asked.
Holy smokes. I am sort of sad that this is ending. My boys have become family.
“You’re going to have to trust me, Colonel.” Right now, Steve didn’t know if that was going to happen.
The plot is slow. Lord. I'm driving myself crazy, but these folks need to talk.
“You’ll need this,” Sam told Steve, passing him a slip of paper.
Clint gave a chuckle. “Would always deny it, though.”
“I don’t think your imagination stretches that far,” Pepper told him. He’d said it out loud. Again.
“Reminds me a little of you,” Bruce whispered. Tony shot him a glare.
“Drink?” Sam held a shot glass up to Steve’s face.
“I’ve heard of it.” Natasha frowned. “It’s part of the Norse mythology. It can’t possibly be real.”
“Are we all perfectly sure that dude is on the level?” Clint asked the question that Steve desperately needed to feel sure about.
“You have a group of devastated friends who have also lost someone they love,” she said, voice like ice. “They need you to get your ass out of bed and help them grieve.”
Bucky reached up and tugged at Steve’s underwear, pulling it down to the floor and letting Steve’s cock practically smack him in the face. The precome gathered at the tip smeared across Bucky’s cheek. Tony licked his lips in anticipation.
Just then, a noise made them all look to where Bruce’s pants were buzzing. “You’re vibrating,” Tony noted.
Tony watched as Bruce made his way to where they stood. “Hey boo.” He held out a fist.
Steve didn’t let up on the pressure. “You can just tell us if you’re not comfortable with something,” he told Tony in what was supposed to be a reassuring croon. “We’ll stop whenever you want.”
Bruce lifted his gaze to Steve. “The coffee pot is over there and mugs are in the cupboard above it,” he said. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. mentioned that you were on your way.”
Bucky took another few steps, still cautious, until he could put his hand in Tony’s. “He isn’t kidding, Stark. Steve is an all or nothing kinda guy. You take him, you keep him.”
“Buck, stand down.” Steve’s order stopped him.
“Do or do not, there is no try,” Sam intoned.
~o0o~
Sam leaned his head back. “I guess it all depends who Bucky is now.” He’d seen the damage the Winter Soldier had done. Both to the world and to Steve.
Tony pouted a little. “But, sharing is caring, Bruce.” He had to make an attempt at protesting.
“It’s being pleasured,” Sam said with a sly smile Natasha’s way.
This last chapter was tough to write. I have many unresolved issues. Thank you for staying with me to the end.
Xavier nodded to Richards. “You can let him go. I’ve got him.”
Bucky was visibly struggling now. “Tony didn’t ask questions, you know?” He shoved his hands into his pockets. “Well, not about what I’d done or who I’d been, anyway.” His mouth quirked. “He bitched a lot about my arm. Said it was inferior technology.”
Steve stumbled as he laughed. Bucky was quick to brace him. “You’re a menace,” Steve told Tony.
Loki sniffed and turned away, dismissing Tony.
“That would have been cooler than Bucky,” Cooper admitted.
“There’s something different about you.” Bruce peered into his eyes. Bruce had always been perceptive, Tony thought.
“What?” Rhodey sounded dubious.
Thor and Natasha followed, Tony draped across their shoulders which left Steve the last to cross over, walking backward, shield and gun out. The gate closed the moment Steve’s feet hit the ramp.
~~~O~~~~
~o0o~
Steve was dead.
She kept the gun on him as she walked over to a computer console. “What are you doing?” Councilman Rockwell demanded.
Tony's got some 'splaining to do. Heimdall dropped them where?
“I have no idea, Captain and while I’d like to point out that I haven’t had any time to actually examine Dr. Stark, I’m not going to be that petty.”
“Not really,” Rhodey said from Steve’s other side. “Tony’s always been an equal opportunity sort of guy. As he explained it to me once, why deprive half of the earth’s population of the chance to be with him.” Rhodey snorted a laugh. “Cocky son of a bitch.”
“His shoulders stand just about here,” Crowley said, indicating his chest. “He’s the Big Kahuna down here.”
“He’s the Alpha vampire,” Coulson said. “He might be a little more trouble than you’re used to.”
“Take him upstairs and make him sleep,” Steve told Bucky. “Even if you have to hold him down.” Bucky appeared delighted at the prospect of following that particular set of orders.
DUM-E made a sound of fear and Tony reached back to pat him. “We’re okay, buddy. Right, Steve?” He lifted his chin.
“Then you need to examine your own motives for not trusting him.” The words were kind, but cut into Steve like a thousand knives. “But, enough of this introspection. I must go.” T’Challa put a big hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Your friends followed you because they trust you, Captain. Do not betray that trust further.”
Steve and Bucky were asleep before the room was dark.
Steve’s was a little less verbose. “Fuck.”
“Don’t blame you,” Steve told him, still keeping his voice low.
“More naked, now!” Tony demanded. Steve was still fully dressed, which was entirely unacceptable. Bucky was just in his soft cotton pants, having finally taken his shirt off a little earlier.
“You had no choice.” Tony was determined that Bucky believe this. “It wasn’t
Tony's ears pricked up. “What?” He moved closer to Bruce, Bucky right beside him.
“Sure,” Laura nodded. “Syphilis, gonorrhea, crabs, you know, that sort of catch.”
“I thought it was a bigger infrastructure,” Natasha said.
“She's needed some help with you, Tony.” Listening to Vision's smooth tones was almost like having J.A.R.V.I.S. back for a moment. But Vision was his own man...machine...thing.
Tony’s litany of begging and cursing was enough to send Steve to lie in front of Tony, lift a lazy hand and jack him off while Bucky pounded into him relentlessly.
Instead he shot across the gulf again, firing as he flew. Multitudes blew apart, swarming over each other to reach Steve and Bucky.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. wouldn’t tell me a damn thing!” Pepper yelled. Tony could see that part of her anger was fear.
“Nah,” Steve said. “I’ll figure it out.”
Coulson leaned his elbows on his knees, linking his fingers together. “Uatu, you say?”
Loki can be believed. The end is nigh. The Avengers are actually children. Loki is difficult, okay?
“Hi.” The squeak and wave didn’t do his street cred any good. But she was honest to god terrifying. He cleared his throat. “I mean, hi.” It only sounded marginally better.
“Did I?” Tony hedged. “I must have hit my head. Hulk really needs to learn his own strength.” He tried a guileless smile up at his friends. “So, anyone feel like going out for breakfast?”
“Tony…” Bruce’s eyes were troubled.
“Perhaps not advisable, sir, but with the Captain’s advanced healing time, it would be better to move him quickly to a medical facility.” JARVIS commanded two of the bots to form a stretched with their arms. “Where should I take him?”
“I’ll think of something,” Tony promised, mind a blank, staring at him.
Bruce cleared his throat.
“Don’t be an ass, Barton,” Bruce said, not looking up from his inspection of Matilda. “Make yourself useful and come and help Thor hold on to the cat thing.”
“That’s not true,” Tony protested. “You…”
Clint pulled Dean into another hug. “Take care of each other,” he ordered, sounding a little hoarse.
Laura and Pepper exchanged a look. Tony had learned to fear the collaboration of the two women in his life.
,” Coulson repeated with a hard look Dean’s way.
She looked over at Bruce who gave a slow nod. “Yes,” she said. “Let's go. Before I kick this stubborn bastard.”
Then…
“He can do one better.” Coulson’s voice had them all spinning to look at the door.
“Nobody,” he said, going for airy and sounding squeaky.
“Our?” Natasha asked, eyebrow raised. “That’s refreshingly different.”
Steve couldn't believe what he'd just seen and heard. He sat there trying to understand everything. He heard the buzz of conversation around him but didn't hear the words. Tony had done this. He had put everything on the line in their behalf and somehow won.
Bryce shook his head. “Don’t start messing with things you don’t understand,” he warned.
Steve’s focus snapped to Tony. “What?” How? When?
“Okay?” Tony wondered just what his favorite strategist had decided.
“I have a bad feeling about this,” Rhodey said to Steve in an undertone.
steam room,” Tony amended. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note.”
“Do you know how creepy that is, Viz?” Tony demanded. “You need to not do the stealth walk around friends.”
“Yeah.” Jim’s reply was a scrape of sound. “I’m ready.”
“So, not senators?” Rhodey asked.
Tony pointed a finger at him. “Aha! You’re totally making like Tarzan!” He narrowed his eyes. “Where’s your pet elephant?”
“Did you say anything about Uatu to him?” Coulson probed.
Rhodey flicked Tony’s ear. “Dick.”
“Of course they are. I made them.” Even if he hadn’t played with them for a while. Tony built shit that lasted.
“Okay with what?” Tony hedged. He wasn't being difficult. Not really. He just had to figure out what Bucky was referring to. Or rather what part of what he'd confessed that Bucky was referring to.
“I know.” Steve smiled, slightly wobbly. “And that makes me even more grateful. You did it for him.”
“What for?” Sam asked. “
“Me too, buddy.” Tony put his head on his knees. “Me too.”
“Just remember who your trainer is, back at HQ,” Natasha said. It sounded like a threat. Steve was pretty sure it was a threat.
Bruce frowned. “So the visions she gave us weren’t real?”
“You make it a triple date,” Steve said. “Me ‘n Buck, we sorta come as a set.”
Steve wondered if he’d stepped into an alternate dimension. “Uh…”
Tony moaned, body trembling. But he obeyed, moving his hand away and grabbing onto the sheets. “I’m dying here,” he whined.
Wanda walked to him, eyes shining crimson. “The vision I gave you has not come true, Tony Stark.” The years had not softened her accent, even though it had softened her attitude towards him. “There is still time.”
“Laura will be even worse,” Pepper snorted. They all ignored the Quinjet in the field beyond the house. “She’s going to make you so sorry.”
“I don’t like it,” Steve said. “We take all of the risks with zero rewards secured.”
“I haven’t been crying into my milk waiting for you lot to realize my value,” Coulson said, only mildly defensively. “I have a day job.”
Tony wanted to poke at Bucky, demand what the fuck he’d been spilling to Steve while he’d been running around the jungle looking for Big Green.
“It’s not a thing I want to spend
Steve watched Bucky and Tony. They were beautiful together, he thought.
Before the lies. Before the end. Before the Civil War.
~o0o~
idea, Tony,” Vision reminded him.
This time her smile was genuine. “You’re a smart man, Mr. Stark,” she acknowledged. “Now, tell us why we should support your amendments to the Sokovia Accords and make a submission to the United Nations in our own capacity?”
“I just wanted to hold you,” Steve said, a gentleness to the next kiss directly on Tony’s mouth. “I know how much pain you’re in.”
Tony wriggled down, pulling Steve’s pants and underwear down with him. He swallowed Steve’s cock in one slow glide. Steve lost all ability to breathe.
“You’re an asshole.” Tony’s mouth was thin with anger. “You think you’re so special, so powerful. Well, I’ve got friends who would die for me. What have you got?”
Natasha’s gaze was cool, cutting. “You had chosen your side.” She nodded towards Steve. “You all had. Tony gave me that Intel on condition of anonymity.”
Steve woke with a start. He was alone in the bed, Tony and Bucky’s spaces cold enough to show they’d been gone for a while.
“Yeah, that’s because you speak so much of it,” Rhodey muttered as he popped up on Tony’s left. “Asshole.” He kicked Tony half-heartedly on the thigh.
The betrayed expression on Clint’s face was priceless. They were all laughing their asses off then, even as the bride and Steve headed towards them.
Coulson’s mouth curled a little. “No, I apparated.”
He caught Bucky’s wink as he spun Natasha in a circle, her head flung back as she laughed.
“Bucky!” Steve exclaimed. “Can we please change the subject?”
“No.” T’Challa was gentle, but firm. “Perhaps you believed that you were right. But what has being right brought you?”
Matilda kneaded his chest, turned a few times and then settled down in a feline bundle. “That’s not helpful,” Steve told her. He put one hand on the arm of the chair and another on her back, fingers digging in a little into the thick fur. “Here goes nothing.”
“Together,” Tony sighed. Steve really played the ‘together’ card unfairly. Steve’s smug smile and nod made Tony want to kick him. He loved the big lug, but honestly, he was just so….so….
And they were gone. Tony was going to miss those fuckers.
“The forties were a direct sort of time,” Bucky added. “If you wanted to get a dame, you asked her for a soda. If you wanted to get a guy, you asked him for a blowjob.”
“I…” His throat closed and it was suddenly impossible to breathe. He staggered back, stumbling into a sofa and sucking for air.
Bruce looked at them. “Time for the Big Guy?” he suggested.
Bucky sat forward. “Tony mentioned once that he knew a guy who could help me check if there was any permanent damage to my system.”
“What?” Steve whispered, eyes glued to the screen. “What is he doing?”
“Thor’s pissed at us because we don’t all love his brother.” As usual, Bucky cut to the heart of a thing.
Tony yanked away from Wanda with a gasp. “It didn’t go like that,” he told her. “I told him that I was going to sign up for the Registration Act.”
” Skurge breathed. “
“I’ve told you to call me Tony.” He’d almost given up on getting Derek to use his first name. “Buttercup…”
“That’s for me to plan and you to execute.” The wicked smirk that crossed Tony’s face made Steve feel even more nervous. This would probably not end well.
Tony froze. “I thought…” His eyes seemed hunted. “I’d give you guys some time to, you know, talk and shit.”
He lifted his head. “Once I knew Bucky was alive, I knew it was a possibility, but, Tony, it wasn’t
“Asshole,” he muttered with no heat at all.
Bucky nodded. “You know, he refused call me Bucky until I counted him as a friend.”
When Tony opened his eyes again, it was morning. He yawned, feeling surprisingly refreshed. He turned his head to look at his phone. It was already ten in the morning. He’d slept for over twelve hours!
Tony glared at him. “Not cool, Banner. Not cool at all.” He hadn’t even noticed his slip of the tongue. J.A.R.V.I.S.
Rhodey’s eyes rolled so hard it looked like it physically hurt. “Not like you gave me a choice, Tones.”
Tony realized that it wasn’t as dark as he thought it was. As his eyes adjusted, he could see distant spots of light that looked like stars.
“No, seriously,” Tony forced his eyes open again. “We can’t leave you out.”
“How did you know I broke up with Pepper?” Tony countered.
Loki considered it for a moment. “Very well, I suppose it will be amusing to see whether your rooms here are as extravagantly opulent as those back home in Asgard.” He motioned Thor to lead the way.
“But look at him now.” The tears were audible in Tony’s voice now. “He’s so goddamn beautiful. He’s a hero despite everything those assholes did to him.” He was smiling though. “I can’t think of a better person to love.”
“Amen, Colonel.” Bucky tilted his beer at Rhodes. “Wanna go play some violent shoot-em up game?”
“What?” Tony jumped to his feet. “Show me,” he demanded.
Steve set his jaw. “Can we please at least just not talk about it until it becomes an issue?”
The years since Ultron had been a time for Tony to discover that Steve was pretty much one of the best people he’d ever met. Earnest, honest, and with a biting humor that often took him by surprise, Steve Rogers was a riddle, wrapped in an enigma, squeezed into a skintight red, white and blue suit.
“Because I remember being helpless, at the mercy of assholes who hold your life in your hand,” Tony said, slotting the AI microchip into the wrist. He looked up into Jim’s eyes. “I know your nightmares.”
Bruce went pale...paler. “I'm not...”
Steve went a little red, but nodded his agreement. “That,” he said.
Tony flinched. “Seriously, you’re really not using the StarkReader?” Perfecting the reader had been tough but in the future it was….and the memory slipped through his mind like water.
“It was just a little note that I slipped into Vision’s bag of tricks,” Tony hurried to explain. “I asked him to keep an eye on us and to pull us out if things got….hairy.”
“Your boyfriend's arrived.” Clint's head popped upside down over the edge of the Quinjet opening.
one other person. One other person who got into his space and wouldn’t let his money or his possessions or his bullshit push him away.” Rhodes took the jet up. “In case you missed the memo, that person was you.”
Tony’s gaze snapped up to his. “What? Why? I mean, I’m the dick who kept you from your best friend.” He seemed determined to be the bad guy, to take the heat off Bucky. Steve wondered at it.
“That is still the strangest thing I’ve seen happening in a very long time.” Tony raised his eyebrows.
Tony stared at him. “Guys, this isn’t funny anymore. JARVIS, please just tell them I’m okay.”
“Are you both twelve?” Pepper stood at the doorway. “I thought I told you to go to bed, Tony?”
“And you should be grateful for that,” Bruce said, adjusting something on the gadget in his other hand.
Ice and snow punched through the air, arcing up and out of the slash in the ground. The huge figure that flew up in the middle of it made Tony shake. He wondered idly what Frost Giants ate. He’d make sure it tried Kentucky Fried Sorcerer first.
“We’ll be leaving you now,” Natasha announced. “I need a shower.” She poked at Bruce. “And god knows this one does too.”
Tony smiled at Bruce. “Science bros for the win?” He held out a fist.
“What news?” Steve asked, impatient and visibly irritated. Tony wondered if it was Loki ogling his boyfriend or Thor being….well, Thor.
“No, no,” Strange said, holding up a hand, pacing the room. “This makes sense of some of the things I’ve been seeing as I’ve been watching the universal timeline.”
“I knew about Barnes,” Tony said. “I told you, I knew that you and Wilson and Natasha were hiding something. I’m the world’s most nosy human being, so of course I went trawling through the mountains of intel that Widow posted on the internet. Thank god I got to most of it before our enemies did.”
“Kinky fuck,” Bucky told him as his smiling lips enveloped Tony’s dick. Tony arched into Bucky’s mouth. He’d forgotten how amazing really good head felt. Bucky slithered up his body, kissing Tony all the way and then letting him taste himself on his tongue.
Steve leaned down to kiss him. “Shut up, you idiot.”
“I must be losing my touch,” Natasha drawled. “Didn’t think you had any nerve left.”
Tony frowned, trying to gather his single wit about him. “Why?”
~o0o~
Tony groaned. “He’s such a fucking mother hen.” He scrubbed at his face. “I just needed some time away from the BFFs.”
“Come here.” Bucky held out his hand to Steve.
team.
“What the fuck are you doing to him?” Tony heard Bucky’s growl from a distance. It sounded like he was speaking to him through layers of jello.
He traced Tony’s lips with his tongue, plunging inside when Tony opened his mouth with a groan.
“You got that right,” Rhodey muttered.
He waited for the chatter to die down again. “Thaddeus Ross was the one who helped create the Hulk, the Abomination and he would have carried on experimenting on superhumans until he had a viable sample to create his perfect super soldier.”
Tony met his gaze. “Correct.” He braced himself. “What isn’t known is that she was acting on Intel that I’d amassed about the high-security prison known as the RAFT.”
The team gets back together. Steve and Bucky show up. F.R.I.D.A.Y. is the worst.
Hell?”
The applause when he stepped out was muted, a sign that many were still not comfortable with the idea of superhumans.
“You need to get to safety, boss.” Happy tugged at his arm. “You could be next.”
“That’s their job,” Clint said, nodding at Bucky and Steve. “Mine is to annoy you as much as possible.”
“You’re clearly not the gardening type,” Tony told him, patting a huge forearm. “See, once the root starts rotting, the tree dies.”
“Bruce.” Tony grinned, a proper smile this time. “Actually it was the Hulk. He caught me. Shouted me back into consciousness. Then we ate shawarma.”
“Again.
Bruce chuckled as the doors opened on his floor. “I believe the term is ‘pwned’, Stark.” Tony was impressed with Bruce’s street speak.
Tony crouched down and met their eyes. “What did I promise you when you moved here?”
“But of course, he’s a hero,” Natasha said, her eyes still on where Tony lay. “I wouldn’t always call him super, but…”
“Excuse you.” Tony gave Bucky a less-than-gentle kick. “What I had planned would take fucking longer than five minutes!”
He was dying inside, the warmth of Tony’s arm pressed against him felt like a fire had been lit inside him. “I missed you,” he blurted. “Every day.”
A hard slap across his cheek took him by surprise, snapping his head around and shocking everyone into silence.
“Have either of them spotted a mark?” Bruce asked.
Tony still didn’t understand why he was so quick to follow this guy. Everything about him screamed danger. Tony noticed the slight tremor of the hand on his shoulder. “Nervous?” he asked.
“It is not natural for a parent to outlive his child.” Vision lifted his hand, touching Tony’s cheek. “You’ve never treated me as anything other than human.” He pulled back, the shining liquid on his hand making Tony aware of the tears running down his cheek. “I have learned about love from you, creator, friend, Father.”
“Fuckin’ A,” Dean agreed and clamped his mouth shut at an admonishing look from Sam.
“Stark,” Steve agreed.
“Are you going to ambush kiss me again?” Tony asked. He was going for an authoritative tone but ended up sounding more like an exhalation.
“Silver linings, Sweetpea, silver linings.” Tony waved the hand that was on Rhodey’s shoulder.
quickly, about Bucky, was that he was a complete dick. It had been love at first sight.
Tony perched on the armrest of the chair Steve was sitting on. “I’m a genius,” he announced to the room.
Bucky looked at Tony.
“Dead.” Clint said, making a slitting motion across his throat.
~o0o~
“What the hell is that?” Bucky asked, eyes avaricious. “And where can I get one?”
mansion?” Steve asked. “Tony’s
“I don’t think I’m needed here right now,” Laura said, pushing away from the table. “I’m going to check up on the kids and answer some mails.” She put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “You good?”
Bucky flushed a bit, ducking his head away from Steve’s hand. “Stop it,” he muttered. “I don’t deserve your respect. I’m a killer.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. sent it out when Bucky wouldn’t stop calling for him.” Bruce’s smile was fond. “It was pretty cute until he started trying to have sex with the suit.”
Vision inclined his head. “I shall do so, Captain.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You and Potts are quite the team, aren’t you?” He stopped as he saw Rhodey’s dark skin go a little darker. “Wait a minute. What? Seriously? You’re hooking up with my ex?” He glared at Rhodey. “Way to break the bro code, asshole.”
He’d propositioned Steve Rogers.
Then again, maybe things would be better. He had a guy to see about a thing, once upon a time.
“I will be with you,” she assured him. “It is a vision of what can be.”
to being something,” Natasha said, voice as cold as her eyes. “When he left, it ended.”
Tony should do something about it. He yawned. Later.
“Sure.” Rhodey agreed
A shrill whistle had them all startling. “Oops,” Tony said, but he didn’t pretend to be sorry. “I’d better be careful what I say from now on.”
“I swear to god, Barton, if you’re creeping on us in the vents again…” Tony threatened.
Clint wiped at his face, looking back down at the phone. “Fury, Hill…” he paused. “Bruce.”
“We didn’t lie,” Steve argued.
“I am here to offer my services,” Strange said. His eyes were like constantly whirling kaleidoscopes. It made Tony a little lightheaded.
“He’s trying to decide whether to kill himself or Tony,” Bucky told him. “I reckon it’s about fifty-fifty.”
“Hey!” Tony complained as Thor and Natasha basically dumped him on the gurney. “Injured here!”
“Oh god,” Bruce groaned. “We’re all going to die.”
Jörmungandr stretched out a hand and a hole appeared in the ground. Liquid bubbled out, dark gold and sweet-smelling. “
“I believe they are sparring on the gymnasium floor.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “We have a new guest, Captain Rogers.”
“Tony.” Oh. Right. Steve. There.
“Like me,” Tony said, not looking at either of them. “The arc reactor technology has been on every terrorist’s bucket list since I invented it.” He grimaced. “You’d think the world would want my cold fusion tech so that we don’t have to use electricity ever again, but no, they want the shit that can be weaponized.”
This reaction though, this was something else.
Stony is still the endgame in case you're wondering.
There was something familiar in that voice.
He scrambled wildly for an answer, “I don’t want to meet with a suit.”
Tony’s arms tightened around Steve. “You won’t lose me.”
Steve frowned, trying to think of the right words. “Sounded like a pop,” he said. He looked at Bucky. “You didn’t hear anything?”
Wanda sat on the sofa that Thor and Loki had vacated, silently finishing off her sandwich.
“What?” Steve was confused as he watched him leave.
He slumped back then, letting them do what they wanted to him. He closed his eyes and allowed the dual stimulation of his dick and his mouth to overwhelm him.
“For the safety of the world, yes.” Coulson met her gaze with more calm than Steve would have. An angry Natasha was a terrifying thing. “Did you miss me, Agent Romanoff?”
Still bewildered, they all got up to follow him.
“The snake eating its tail,” Natasha said.
Steve nodded, mouth pressed into a thin line so that he could stop the screaming. “Yeah.”
Sam gaped at him. “You drove Baby here?” His eyes were wide with awe.
“Holy shit,” Tony breathed. “That was fucking amazing!”
Rhodes scowled at him, but didn’t say anything more.
Steve guided Bucky to the nearest sofa, carefully lowering him down. “Please just let Bruce look you over,” he said. “If he gives you the all clear then I swear I’ll stop trying to baby you.”
“Really?” Natasha drawled. “Thor and Loki?” She tapped a finger against her cheek, looking thoughtful.
Bucky and Steve looked as though they’d rather be anywhere else, boiled in oil even. “I don’t like this,” Steve said.
Bucky pushed away from the door abruptly, walking over to Tony. “You need to take a breath, babe.” He put his hands on Tony's shoulders. “You're so wired you're about to jump out of your skin.”
It was pretty dark. Tony recited the Fibonacci numbers under his breath as he tried not to let the panic overwhelm him. Ever since Afghanistan and the cave he’d had a few issues with dark confined spaces. Entirely logical, he told himself.
Steve shuffled from foot to foot. “I thought maybe we could talk, clear the air, you know.”
“I’ve got somewhere.” Bruce sounded entirely too defensive.
Tony flapped a hand at him. He was busy brokering world peace. No distractions. Especially of the red, white and blue variety.
“Jeez, I'm clearly a catch,” Tony muttered, heart sinking. Bucky wasn’t going to be okay with what Tony had told him.
“Indeed, Mr. Stark. I need to get new shoes. You know me so well.” She patted his cheek and pointed at the rest of the team. “I’ll be back. And there will be talking. Don’t take advantage of Tony’s nature. He loves you all and this has been incredibly difficult for him. Do
Tony, so there were plenty of questions asked, but he never pushed me too hard to answer them.”
Tony wished for about the millionth time that he possessed a fraction of Thor’s ability to express his emotions. He’d be so much healthier if he could. “I’m sure he’d have liked that.”
did nothing,” Clint said. “This is all on
Tony’s throat felt raw. He took a sip of water, trying to get the words in the right order to make this happen. “I’m not asking you to dispense with the Accords, ladies and gentlemen. I’m asking you to take some time, read through my proposal and then help me to make the world feel safe again.”
“In Brucie-Bear’s lab,” Tony replied. “He started talking about the laws of physics, and the properties of the cosmos varying randomly from one patch of space to another. I stopped paying attention to cosmology a long time ago.”
“I’ll come with you,” Steve offered, stepping nearer.
Bucky nudged him with his shoulder. “We’re all learning how this works, right?” He smiled a little. “It took me a long time to convince Steve that I wasn’t planning on running again.”
“It was a bright golden little word bubble above your head.” Pepper was a heartless wench.
“He’s got another suggestion,” Steve told Tony, indicating a now levitating Stephen Strange.
emo boy talk. Seriously. That's literally all. angsty emo boy talk.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, picking up on his expression. “Is Tony okay?”
“Fascinating,” Strange murmured, turning in a slow circle. That wasn’t the word Tony would have used.
Steve’s eyes went wide. “It’s me.”
“Tony saw that?” Steve asked, feeling the flush crawl up the back of his neck.
Bucky crawled onto the bed, flopping down on top of Tony. “That’s okay, babe, I’m sure Steve and I can amuse ourselves while your old bones recover.”
Steve watched them fly out with bemusement.
Thor stood firm. “The Space Stone must not return to Midgard. We need to keep the Infinity Gems as far away from each other as we possibly can. There is too much danger, too much opportunity for the corruption of power.”
” he said by way of reply.
“What?” Bucky asked.
“Not even you?” Steve asked.
!” He shrilled the last word and wasn’t proud of himself.
Tony grinned, dropping his head onto Rhodey’s shoulder. “It was a beautiful wedding,” he sighed.
“I was taught hand to hand combat from the moment I could walk,” Thor said. “My father told me that many would try to kill me as a babe and that I needed to be prepared.”
“How long did that take?” Steve asked, morbidly curious now, despite the change of subject.
“What?” Steve couldn’t stop the exclamation.
Tony was taking his beautiful arm back
lunch,” he corrected. Then looked at Loki. “Lunch that I will share with my brother.”
Tony looked just as terrified as Peter, shrugging Steve away. “You’re alright,” he told him.
Steve stumbled; fell back into the co-pilot’s seat. “What?” It was a whisper. He was terrified.
The thunk on the roof told Steve that Tony had joined him. “Mush!” Tony ordered.
“The head of the Leviathans exploded and dragged me back into Purgatory with him,” Dean said.
“Then why the fuck do you keep talking about Steve like he’s alive?” Tony yelled. “Are you just being malicious? You can’t be malicious, you’re a fucking machine!”
, Tony.”
Tony watched him, eyes narrowed. “That doesn’t sound much like the Steve Rogers I go to know,” he said.
“And if I said yes?” Steve asked, mouth perilously close to Tony's. “Would you object?”
Bucky’s lips curved. “Yes,” he agreed. “You most certainly are.”
Tony was suddenly starving. “That’s because it is,” he declared. He stood. “I’m going to check on our progress and give Bruce the new parameters.”
?” Bruce asked.
Dinner is served. Bruce tries to explain multiverse theory. Tony gets an idea. Rhodey gets a call. Bucky is done with Loki.
“What happened?” Tony demanded, seeing how red in the face Steve was. He was also out of breath which wasn’t the usual state at all. He debated calling the suit.
“Tony tried to talk to you,” Rhodes said. “You wouldn’t listen. You had those people back there follow you for the sake of one man. One man that Tony
“Yes, sir.” Her tone indicated that she thought he was being stubborn.
“To bed,” Steve said. He blushed when Tony cracked a laugh. “You need to sleep.”
“Do you honestly think Steve is that petty?” Bucky asked.
“You love me so much that you’re setting me free?” It was almost a sneer.
mean?” Nothing had been said about conditions.
“I’ve so missed your drama, Stark,” Clint grumbled as they reached the top of the stairs. “Not.”
“God, Bucky,” Steve breathed. “You should see him.”
Steve woke up with Bucky’s hair in his mouth. He choked a little.
“Not sure.” Tony was already pulling out his tablet. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” He wasn’t panicking yet, but Steve could see the fear rising in Tony’s eyes. The last time something like this had happened, they’d lost J.A.R.V.I.S.
~o0o~
Uatu warned.
“I need to be better,” Tony insisted with all the zeal of the newly converted. He had a
be trauma to the brain tissue. Give your friend a chance to heal.” He stood. “His vitals appear good, so I’m pretty optimistic that he’ll make a quick and full recovery.”
Steve frowned. “That sounds terrible.”
“Fuck.” Clint smacked his forehead. “We’re complete dumbasses.”
work.
“Thor and Loki have returned, yes,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “They have requested that the entire team meet in the communal living area.”
“Aren’t they buddies?” Bucky asked, knotting and tying and passing to Tony.
“You are my favorite!” he called. “Tell Bruce
He nodded. Distractedly. And tapped once. Against the incredible hard and well-formed chest of the college football star otherwise known as Captain America.
Tony rounded a corner, and threw a door open. It was a laboratory. Bruce and Vision looked up at him. “I know what we have to do!” Tony declared, sweeping his arms open wide.
“Yes, sir?”
Steve could help it. He kissed Bucky. “You seem to be remembering more.”
“Thanks, Fri,” he said. “You’re a peach.” He yawned, the emotion of the day finally catching up to him. “Think I’m about ready to sleep now.”
Sam scowled. “Why are you so determined to go after her?” He shook his head. “Just forget about her.”
“You certainly have every reason in the world to have trust issues, Barnes,” Tony agreed. “But right now, it’s us or the US government, and I’m pretty sure they’re not going to ask as nicely.”
Steve and Bucky launched themselves at Tony at the same time, crushing him between them. “Air! Boys! Air! Breathe! Help!” he squeaked, but his arms were fiercely clinging to them both.
“Yes, you did.” Steve crossed his arms and Tony gave a mental groan. It was those goddam arms. Thick tree-trunks of muscles that made his mouth water. Tony wanted to climb him like a tree. He could totally be Steve’s monke…
Sam stood. “Lucifer is about to break free. We need your help to stop him.”
There was a moment of silence and then Tony chirped, “Gumdrop! I told you I was fine. Don’t be such a worry-wart!”
