“Well, uh, when you’re out of the shower, you mind coming to the living room for a moment? Your dad and I want to talk to you.”
The doors open in just a matter of seconds after he pressed the button. He hears one of the nurses say something among the lines of ‘damn it, again?’, though Tony doesn’t respond to it. He takes a step back when the nurse comes up to him, indicating that she’ll take his place.
Around October, Aunt May had enough of it. She practically pushed Peter into a psychiatrist’s office, where he got to go for a few sessions. There he was diagnosed with a depression and PTSD. As if he didn’t have enough on his mind…
Something on the desk buzzed, so Yaël looked up and saw the screen of her phone turn on. Oh, someone texted her! She gratefully grabbed the device, thanking god for the distraction from the frustrated sounds Logan was making while aggressively drawing a flower. But as soon as Yaël read who send the text, she wanted to put her phone back.
Why was he fighting with Tony again? Because he was caught sneaking out at night and supposedly lying about it? Maybe he should just have talked to Tony instead of shouting at him immediately.
T’Challa doesn’t return. Steve can’t try and talk to him again. Clint and Bucky agree that he needs to stay away from New York, that it’s too dangerous and that Tony has enough people looking after him. They’re just worried about everybody’s safety here, Steve can understand that.
Tony looked amazing, he noticed, his olive-toned skin glowing in the direct sunlight. The black shirt and skinny jeans he wore highlighted every inch of muscle, and Steve could tell, under the loose t-shirt, Tony was really very well built. And his honey-brown eyes that Steve had always loved, well, they were a beautiful golden colour in the sun, and Steve couldn’t stop staring at them.
“You’re the one that got one hundred percent of the votes,” smiled Steve, nuzzling his nose in Tony’s hair. “I’m so amazingly proud of
“Yeah, this is gonna be great for your ratings. You could even run with the—'' Steve gestured wildly between him and Tony “—angle.”
“I thought that was your dream,” said Tony, a little desperately, but who could blame him? “You said—you said you wanted kids your whole life.”
Steve focused on his own pie. He’d decided to go for a traditional apple pie, but with red and blue dough. He cut a few stars out of the dough before dividing it into two and mixing the colour in. He didn’t normally go full-on American, but this was as good a way as any to keep audiences interested and drum up more money for charity.
Steve pulled Tony closer to him, kissing him so thoroughly that Tony couldn’t say another word. Tony glared at him for a second, but his eyes soon shut and he leaned into Steve’s touch, his arms coming up to wrap securely around Steve’s waist. He let out a pained little whine as Steve pulled away from his lips, resting his head on Steve’s chest.
Tony cleared his throat awkwardly. “I’m… gonna go take a  shower,” he said, pointing vaguely in the direction of Clint’s kids’ bathroom. “Clint gave me clothes.”
“And also that it’s cooked through and edible,” growled Fury from beside her. “You’ve got to give these idiots very specific instructions, or they’ll end up serving us fruit-flavoured soup with dough croutons.” Mary looked disapprovingly at Nick, while Peter and Wanda stifled giggles behind their hands. “And make
he was so nervous. He’d watched movies with Tony a million times before, and they always turned out great. Tonight was no different. Even if it was their first official date.
“You’ve done wonderfully, Captain Rogers,” said Mary, beaming. “If you ever retire from the Avengers, you should think about a career in baking.”
In response, Tony grabbed Steve’s collar, pulling him into a quick, fierce kiss. He barely paused to breath, kissing Steve like he wanted to devour him entirely.
“How much did you have to drink?” he asked, exasperated but fond as Tony collapsed into the chair next to his.
“Might get us more attention,” Steve shrugged. “More money for people with cancer. Don’t you have any empathy for
“I’m sorry,” said Steve, dread settling in his heart. “I know it’s probably too early and I didn’t want to scare you away, but—” Tony cut him off with a kiss, harsh and insistent against Steve. He giggled on Steve’s lips as he continued leading Steve on in their dance.
“Cap, back at my workshop there’s a safe in the left-side of the room – FRIDAY will open it for you. Can you then take
While the spaceship started rising, Hela stared at her shaking hands, looked up and met Yaël’s eyes. Busted. Yaël had already gained a good amount of water from Hela and had send it all immediately into the water underneath the bridge.
Tony rolls his eyes, looking up at Todd, or Ron, or whatever his name is. He’s a greasy little guy with half his black hair missing and extremely light blue eyes that makes Tony wonder if he’s just wearing contacts.
“Right, I get it, the other me is an ass. I guess being kidnapped and held captive in a cave, forced to build weapons, was at least good for something…” Tony snaps. He’s a bit tired at the accusations he keeps on getting. It’s not
,” Peter answers. He sounds… distant. Understandable, since he’s taking care of his unconscious father right now. He should be focusing on that, instead. “
Steve… his name sounded familiar.Wait, didn’t he take care of her when she was locked up? Maybe that aspect of her dream had been real?
“Can’t disagree with that,” Steve agrees. With an arm thrown over Peter’s shoulder, the two sit down on the other side of the table, facing Tony, who is looking at the two of them without speaking. “Hi, Tony.”
“There hasn’t been a fight in Midtown today?” she admits. “Do you need me to call you a ride home perhaps?”
“Hey, man, good for you! I don’t really know too much about that kind of shit but I guess you being off them means you’re getting better, right?”
Tony gestures to everywhere around them. Pepper and Sharon try to shy away by hiding behind their glass without drinking from it. Happy quickly shakes his head.
Steve hadn’t looked at him after that. He just left the Penthouse, put the chair back into the lab, and then left the tower in its whole. He went for a jog, one that lasted about three hours, which he performed in clothes that were not at all meant for jogging. After that, he took a shower. He stayed under it for at least an entire hour.
The two persons next to him are women. Models, by the looks of it. They’re skinny, sun-tanned, and also naked. Extremely naked.
Carefully, Tony lifts the boy to his height, seeing the baby giggle with a toothless grin. Just shortly, Tony feels a twitch of sadness at the idea that he never got to know Peter like this.
They have to be quiet when they arrive back at the Parkers’ home. Mary guides them inside, makes sure to close the door to her and Richard’s bedroom before gesturing towards him to get to what Tony suspects must be Peter’s room.
Oh, crap, they’ve really pulled away their filter right now! It’s just a miracle that not all of the school knows about Peter being Spider-Man.
He doesn’t shout or scream when they go up, which is completely opposite to what Peter’s used to. Sure, mostly he swings with people he’s just rescued, and when they’re full of adrenaline they can’t ever really keep their mouth shut. It’s a great relief for his ears when it’s completely silent next to him.
“I just- I need to get going.” Peter points his thumb to somewhere behind his shoulder. Then, he quickly looks down, wondering where he’s standing right now? He doesn’t remember climbing back up to the roof?
“Peter’s… catching up sleep from England. And… I’m purposely keeping him away from this. It’ll be too much stress for him,” Tony explains, and Steve nods in understanding.
“Shit dude, I’m sorry I wasn’t looking where I was walking,” the woman says. Peter’s eyes meet her greenish-brown ones. She looks tired, smelling of alcohol. Peter just clears his throat, watching her black hair move in the wind.
“Back in May, you remember when Earth got invaded again, right?” he asks. Peter nods, sitting up a bit in bed to look at his father a little better. “Shit, I wanted Steve to be here for this but… this shouldn’t wait any longer.”
“Forget the dishes,” Steve suddenly mutters, jumping up from the couch and, without warning, picking Tony up again. A small shout escapes the inventor, before he, again, starts swinging his legs.
When Yaël woke up again, she saw Raido, Cem and Nilla standing in front of her bed. But they didn’t look alive at all. Raido’s throat was cut open, blood still streaming over his body, Cem looked pale with blood dripping from his lips and Nilla… Nilla looked unrecognizable, her skin and hair were burned away completely.
He talks about it as if it’s just a fact that doesn’t matter too much. Mr. Stark looks at his hand, eyes seeming tired and ready to close to catch a long sleep. Peter doesn’t talk at all, deciding to let the man talk instead. He takes his first taste of the chocolate, noticing immediately that it’s not the best he’s tasted so far, but also not the worst. Somehow, the taste of coffee is strong in it, as if he actually spilled some coffee-powder in it.
“Hold on!” Tony shouts, stumbling as he pulls up his shorts. He grunts when he falls down on the ground. Steve laughs, but helps him back on his feet.
I feel like I need to point this out, though: Peter's too much under the influence of the suit. He's aware of what his Dad said about the Infinity War and what happened there, but his mind can't process it yet, being too hyper and distracted because of the suit. It's all going to sink in soon enough, but I just felt like I needed to explain this bit. Of course he cares, just not right now!
your father,” she says, not beating around the bush for it. Peter feels the air escaping from his lungs.
kid. And that’s alright, it’s expected from a father to be worried. But then again, he’s surrounded by a whole room full of Superheroes. If anybody expects Peter to take off his mask, there’s a whole squad there to stop them.”
“Uh.. I, uh… I’ll be there in five,” he tells Bruce. Then he turns around to avoid the mirror again, hurrying to his pile of clothes. He takes his shirt in his hand, pulls it over his chest, and only then manages to let out the long breath he’d been holding. He takes a few seconds to relax.
Now, this sneezy bastard is going to give you the next chapter. When I've finished the story completely, I might do 3 uploads a week instead of two. We'll see about it!
“Hey! I take that as an insult!” Wade shouts back. Peter just ignores him, figuring it’s time for him to go. He’s sure he’ll see these people again, though he’d rather not have another conversation with freaking Deadpool for crying out loud. He’s heard from the other Avengers that they’ve often come close to shooting him down on the spot, and he can understand why, too.
“Wasn’t Happy, it was me,” said Steve nervously. “And I’m sorry about the whole—” he gestured vaguely at Tony’s clothes. “It was either that or let you wake up in a dried pool of your own vomit.”
“We’ve run out of coffee,” enunciated Natasha slowly. “For a genius, you really are stupid in the mornings.” Tony didn’t even seem to hear her, more fixated on the fact that there was no coffee left in the tower.
his Tower.” Clint poked at the kitten, quickly pulling his hand back when the kitten went into a defensive stance. “I don’t think he’d like having competition.”
“Only you, Steve Rogers,” Tony mumbled, his head hidden in the crease of Steve’s neck. “Only you.” Steve pulled him into a kiss, and Tony relaxed instantly into his hold, his arms wrapping themselves automatically around Steve’s neck while Steve’s fit ever so perfectly on his waist. It was wet and messy and nowhere near a perfect kiss, given that both men were crying while also trying not to cry, but Tony had never felt happier in his life.
With coffee in his system, it’s easier to get to work. A close shave of his scruff, the hair on his cheeks grew in quite full overnight, but it's nothing his electric razor can’t handle. With a trim of his goatee, and his teeth brushed Tony steps into the shower to rinse off that bad night he’d had.
Blinking rapidly to clear the sleep from his eyes, he looks around the room, taking in the surroundings as quickly as he can.
Steve’s heart stutters with every insult Tony gives himself, and shakes his head even though Tony can’t see the gesture.
"That's cute Commander, keep thinking that way and I'm sure eventually we'll kill something other than time." The brunet was up now, facing Steve's enraged glare.
“I’m going to go now,” She says, taking a breath to calm herself before she'd lose that cool composure she's worked so long to perfect. “And when you decide you want to have a civilized conversation that doesn’t involve slinging unnecessary, and downright hurtful insults? Go ahead and give me a call.”
“There’s more where that came from,” Steve mouths against his hole before nipping at his thigh and pulling back.
“Huh?” Tony responds noncommittally as he hits the button for his office floor. Once the lift begins moving, Tony’s attention is back on his phone, his hands shaking slightly as he swipes vigorously at the screen.
Tony’s hand moved quick to release himself, hand moving back to his side. “S-Sorry, Sir,” he stuttered distantly.
At first JARVIS was alarmed, they were in a rush, both men’s pulses were racing. They moved frantically from the elevator to the bedroom, stumbling along the way. They remained close, even with night vision cameras JARVIS was unable to ascertain if there was reason for intervention.
So Tony follows the man to the small living room, and has a seat on the couch beside him, and waits for Steve to start talking. But Steve doesn’t, not at first, first Steve reaches over and presses his hand to the top of Tony’s as if he could relieve some of the tension in Tony’s body. And the strangest thing is, it works.
Pepper tenses, her look of concern icing over into the cold, professional glare she used to turn stomachs in a board meeting.
“There you are,” Steve cooed. He pressed a kiss behind Tony’s ear and nuzzled him. “Welcome back. I’ve got some water when you’re ready.” It would be a while, Tony tended to return in stages and right now he’d just be back to vocal. After the water, Steve could discuss their bathing options, or if Tony preferred to just sleep they could do that too. Tony had been so accommodating for Steve all night, the least he could do was take care of him now.
With that, she's in the elevator, jamming the button back down to the lobby. She’d think of something to tell the board, she's clever like that.
“No one was there,” Tony said a little out of breath. His pupils were blown wide and a little glassy in that telling way. Steve knew he was starting to get to him, but he wasn’t there yet.
Tony picks his head up, glances at the clock on the nightstand beyond Steve’s head. It’s still early, barely even midnight. Eyes darting back to Steve’s, they glow a bright yellow, and he’s on top of Steve, straddling the other’s hips and growling.
Once he's alone again, Tony looks back to the un-marred skin of his leg, running his fingers over it curiously. It's like nothing had ever happened, but if his memories of jaws piercing skin weren’t enough, he has bloodied up gauze to prove that there was once an injury there.
When he arrives at work he’s hit with a familiar scent, and that’s strange. He takes a couple of sniffs before he sees a guard with a confused expression staring at him. He clears his throat, nods a greeting and heads toward the elevator that would take him to his office.
The man has really no defense, he just keeps calling the woman terms of endearment. Baby, sweetheart, babe, darling, please just listen to me, please, those other women don’t mean anything to me. Clearly drunk. Rookie.
Tony, for what seemed to be the hundredth time today, complied, but was a bit more satisfied with the climax he pulled from the soldier. Looking up at Steve, he wiped the come onto his fingers licked them clean, then proceeded to lick his lips.
“Yeah, more or less,” Steve shuts off the water then, and takes a deep breath, his eyes shut like he's trying to calm himself down. Tony wonders what he might’ve said wrong.
For a moment, Tony kisses back and it’s a long moment, and it’s the best moment Tony’s had all month. But it’s over in a flash, Steve pulling back with a horrified expression painting his features, and Tony’s hands on Steve’s shoulders holding him still.
“Looks like you could use a little friction,” Steve said to Tony. “Do you wanna rub your cock a little?”
“Tony…” Steve warns, patience running thin. “I mean health wise. You’ve been feeling off, correct? That feeling you get just before you’re sick, achy like you never want to be touched, but want to be held all at once, your head in a constant fog of confusion and dizziness?”
“Oh!” Tony’s eyes widen, he didn’t even realize he hadn’t introduced himself yet. “I’m sorry, I completely forgot. I’m Tony, Tony Stark, yes. That’s me.”
“Tony,” The werewolf says, standing up from his place on the couch, and any hint of patience Steve might have had is gone as he stands in front of Tony and shouts “sit!”
“You may not believe me now, but you’d better start paying attention to the signs. It’s not going to matter what you believe in a week when that full moon rises and a part of you comes out that you can’t control.”
“Bet that woman wouldn’t give you this,” Steve whispered back. He moved in close to press his lips to Tony’s ear. “You’ve fucked around with half the people in this city and none of them can give you what I can. Why even bother?”
“Crazy guy who—Tony, really? I’m a park ranger, it’s more convenient for me to live in the woods, first of all. Secondly, owning a wolf is illegal in this state, and finally why would I save your life if I just wanted to kill you?”
Half the cup of coffee is gone before Tony even sits down, and he really should give that woman a raise, because wow that's a good cup of coffee. But he has avoided this enough, he has to dig into that folder.
There's a rapid thumping sound coming from the center of Steve’s chest, and Tony doesn’t particularly like the sound of it. It's quite a suspicious sound, like Steve knows something Tony doesn’t, like he's nervous as all hell.
Tony replied by unbuttoning his pants, which left a gap in the back perfect for Steve’s hand to slip down. Steve knew Tony wasn’t wearing underwear tonight, because Steve made sure of it. All part of the plan.
Steve knew he had to apologize, but he hadn’t expected it to be this soon. He thought he’d have time to collect himself, maybe write a nice little speech, and deliver it with one of Tony’s favourite cheeseburgers.
“I feel great,” Steve lied obstinately. He didn’t feel great, not at all. His leg was throbbing so badly he could barely stand it, and every part of his body was exhausted. “And you saved my life, Tony. I’d have a third foot if it wasn’t for you.”
Steve groaned, his head falling back onto the tree he was leaned up against. Tony was right; right now, the competition didn’t seem so important.
This was all Tony’s. It was Tony who worked day in and day out in his workshop, his way of earning enough so that Steve could be spoiled with hot water and luxury soaps. Without him, Steve would probably still be stuck in the tiny room SHIELD had given him in their headquarters, cold and plain and dull and just so, so
“What is it?” Steve demanded. He tried to sit up to see the injury on his leg for himself, but it hurt to sit up.
And Tony wanted to argue, he really did — he wasn’t a small child looking for comfort, he was an adult, he was Iron Man, he was the CEO of a multi-billion dollar company; but somehow, in Steve’s arms, he couldn’t stop himself from giving way to the fears and panic and tears he’d been bottling up.
“Okay, let me put it this way: people like Wanda and you, you’d be put on a leash and they’d only free you if it was highly necessary.” It was quiet for a little moment, as Yaël was thinking about what her friend just told her. Okay, no, that didn’t sound good at all.
“People would call this ‘dating’,” Steve offers. Tony rolls his eyes but he can’t help the smirk on his lips.
Tony rarely looked up from his screen, but as he ate he started explaining some things to Steve. Things he wouldn’t even try to begin to understand. Instead, he just nodded and smiled at Tony.
“No, I haven’t,” he admits. He returns to the table where they dropped all the contents of the suitcase, and quickly he plugs it into the computer. The drive seems to contain some of Peter’s old school work, but one folder inside of it catches Tony’s attention.
. How is it that they’ve come to this? Only two weeks ago, the three of them had been at the tower, Steve reading a book, Tony on his tablet, with Peter lying in between them, his head on Tony’s lap and his legs over Steve’s thighs. Working on his own stuff on his tablet, the three had spent their evening like this.
“Possibly, yeah,” Peter says. After that, he starts explaining. Not just everything from yesterday, but everything else that has been bothering him. It helps a bit, to get everything out. It would have helped more if Harry would have actually been here. Peter feels a whole lot more relieved after he’s finished with the last word.
“He’s asleep, he has an early morning tomorrow.” She gestures for him to sit. “Want to drink anything? Water? A beer?”
“Next time you two have a disagreement, just call me, okay?” he jokes. Steve wraps his arm around and pulls him close.
“Not your fault, Cap,” Tony says, pushing himself up and cursing when his hands protest in pain. Steve immediately takes them in his own and inspects his fingers thoroughly, but Tony doesn’t like the look in his eyes.
Wanda’s frown disappeared as she looked at something behind Yaël. So Yaël turned around and saw Peter trying on the Deadpool-suit, only wearing boxers and socks.
“I’m not sure how often they fight with you, but they are literally insufferable. I suppose Tony never really forgave Steve after that business in Siberia.”
Everything in his body is telling him not to stop. His mind is telling him otherwise. But maybe, for once, Tony shouldn’t listen to his brain. What could be the harm in this, after all?
So Yaël quickly grabbed her stuff and said: “You can join, if you want to,” with a flirty wink, right before they walked out the store. The cashier’s flabbergasted, traumatized face was still clearly viewable from through the window, as his eyes squeamishly followed them until he couldn’t see them anymore.
“The toilet? No, he’s upstate,” Happy counters. Ah, that means he’s in the Compound. That’s weird, why is he there? Tony hasn’t been there since after Siberia, after all…
Their last step was ‘technological modification’ and it was the actual first time she heard Loki stand up for her. She heard his yelling resonate through the hallway, right before a few of the Chitauri walked in to come and get her. They grabbed her firmly and dragged her to the hallway, as she kicked around, trying to get loose, because she was smart enough to know that if Loki was trying to prevent this from happening to her, it must be horrible as he never held the Chitauri back from doing anything to her. In the hallways, she had seen bodies lying on the floor, dead, glassy eyes staring at the ceiling and before Yaël could register what was going on, she saw Loki leisurely stepping over the men he had killed. The spouts of blood running over his hands and the knives he was holding, made a big contrast with the serene, but determined look on his face.
The man had a very big, modern office with big window that provided a lot of light. His desk was filled with papers, but also with a few screwdrivers and pieces of devices. As soon as he hung up, he turned to her.
in my power to make sure that he can keep himself safe from danger. Only now I see I’ll have to do that alone…”
“I guess not,” she says, giving him once more the chance to get out of the room. Just as she opens her mouth to say something else, the coach calls out for her. They’re going to start over the game. With another stare, Michelle turns back towards the other students, and Peter exits the room.
Peter desperately tries to remove his legs, but no matter how much he pulls or scratches, Harry doesn’t pull away. He yanks his head back, making Peter lose his ground and both of them fall down. Whatever air Peter had left, the moment he touches down it all slips away from him.
“I’m fine, Wade, don’t bother,” he assures him, not needing another kiss from the guy. Once Wade looks up and finds Wanda a bit further away, he grins.
Tony's breath hitched at that statement, his hips involuntarily bucked up into the motion. Still refusing to speak until Steve's hand tightened around his cock, the billionaire yelped, then clenched his jaw.
A typical evening before a gala or charity ball involved Steve getting dressed in the same suit he wore to all of the events. He’d brush his hair exactly the same, tie his well worn shoes and sit himself on the couch while he waited for Tony to get ready.
"So what's this about you and Captain America huh?" Rhodey nudged Tony with his shoulder and drained the last of the whiskey in his glass.
Tony jumps at the sound, turning to face Steve. He can feel the broken counter pressing into his back, but he has more important issues to deal with at the moment.
No. Tony hates this. This doesn’t make sense. Tony, the scientist, the engineer, the physicist always looking for an explanation, for the logic behind things, this doesn’t make sense to him. His life isn’t a crappy science fiction movie, he's the head of a multi-billion dollar technology company, not a newly turned…whatever. Tony can’t even say it in his mind, it's too absurd.
Pepper clutches her planner tight to her chest, Tony can see the knuckles going white. Her jaw is set in that way it only gets when Tony's done something really wrong, like missed the meeting she'd rescheduled for this morning after Tony'd ruined it the previous evening.
The air kicked on immediately, cooling the two tipsy men. Rhodey was on the couch now too, feet propped onto the table next to Tony.
“You!” Tony sneers, a total one-eighty from his tone on the phone. Steve guesses he’s had some time to mull over his acceptance.
Still, he thinks, it was rather strange how sharp the smell of the pizza had been from five floors away. He reaches into his trash bin and pulls the paper previously tossed away, unravels it and adds Steve’s number to his contacts.
When Charlie, the mail girl, comes up with a stack of letters and a cup of coffee for Tony on Monday morning, Tony snaps at her. There's not enough sugar in the coffee, and why did LeAnne have to take her vacation this week? Why didn’t she properly train this mail-deliverer how to make a good cup of coffee?
Despite the pain rushing through him from his ankle, Tony picks himself up and grabs onto tree after tree as he half-hops as fast as he can. There’s a whimper from the animal behind him, but it doesn’t stay down for long.
Tony groans softly, reaching down to his swollen ankle. Why the hell did he think this was a good idea? There are a hundred excellent gyms and workout centers in the city, but Tony just had to disconnect. He should have known better than to go jogging in a hiking trail so close to sunset.
So he went for it, and he didn’t stop going for it. Over and over and over Steve pounded hard right into Tony’s spot. The man beneath him was a writhing mess. He gasped and babbled and pleaded, he needed to cum, he couldn’t hold back anymore.
“Oh God, I’m sorry! I don’t know why I did that.” Steve shakes his head quickly and knocks Tony’s hands away easily.
In the morning when Tony wakes up, he ignores the claw shaped rips in his pillow case and goes on about his day as usual.
For a moment, Steve remained pressed into Tony, kept his thick load right where it belonged. He leaned over the other man, trying to catch his breath with his forehead pressed against the middle of Tony’s back.
Tony spends almost two hours flipping through papers and notes, phone calls and messages, carefully not thinking about Steve or his stupid phone number, and he loses track of time. Time is such a silly thing, it never really meant much to Tony anyway, but his stomach growls and maybe he should have had more than three cups of coffee for breakfast.
JARVIS wasn't snooping, he was programmed to monitor these things every twenty minutes or so. Just as he was set to monitor the security feeds.
He's instantly greeted by the smiling office workers sitting around enjoying their meals, and they gladly offer him some. After all, Tony is the boss, and at the end of the day, he's the one supplying this pizza for everyone. He leaves with four slices on a plate, which he finishes before he even reaches his office door.
“Do you know how many times I called you?” Pepper asks tightly, trailing behind Tony as he bypasses her and heads straight for the elevator.
Camera 12 C and 14 B scanned the empty stairwells leading up to the workshop floor. Slowly the cameras panned left to right ensuring maximum coverage. Camera 13 A was perched above the workshop door and kept watch over the area between the elevator and the entrance. This was assurance that no one could ever enter without express permission from Tony Stark himself.
Tony leans in, examining his cheeks. Right where he’d just shaved, not even an hour ago, Tony’s facial hair had grown back thick, as if he hadn’t shaved in days.
It wasn’t very late. They left the event early thanks to Steve’s insistence so they still had plenty of time to play, but by now the building was empty. All Stark Industry employees had gone home for the night hours ago, from the overachievers who put in sixty hours a week all the way to the hourly janitorial staff that stayed past everyone’s out time to make sure things were presentable in the morning. They’d all be gone.
“I can help you. The senses, the anger, I can help you understand it, control it.” Steve's gripping the front of Tony’s shirt now, desperate and pleading.
The meeting is called early, but it’s not as if anyone’s terribly broken up about it. Most board members would prefer to be at home having dinner with their families than here discussing stock options for way too long.
“You bastard! I was distracted!” Wasn’t she yelling at herself now, since she was still kind of steering them? The figure tilted its head like a confused dog. “Don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about, dweeb,” she grumbled when the water-spawn put its hands in the air, acting a bit dumb.
“Okay, what was the point you were trying to make here before we got so massively distracted by my probable inability to die? What else is fun for you to hang around at the school?”
The journey to New Asgard is long, even with the quinjet. A normal flight would have taken about seven or more hours, and while they’ve done it in four, they are still four extremely long hours of too many people cramped together in a small space.
His face lights up again after that and he nods enthusiastically. They give each other a high five before Ned hurries towards the bus, and Peter makes a run for the back of the parking lot, where Happy is waiting for him in his most unnoticeable car – which is still pretty noticeable, of course.
“Indeed you have,” Bruce says. “You used it for something good. Now think about Tony, who lives for his work. He creates, uses that mind of his almost non-stop to make gadgets and other stuff. Now imagine that you suddenly
“You know what, this is bullshit. I’m not officially a part of the Avengers yet, I don’t have to listen to you,” Peter suddenly says, leaving the two of them as he starts running towards the fight. Steve curses out, reaching up for his comm-link.
Felicia starts walking next to him, fishing Peter’s book out from his arms and reading up on the front page.
“And why exactly am I being shot at?” Peter asks, a little bit annoyed about it. As if his mind isn’t full enough, already.
“You don’t know how proud I am, Peter. And I think, with a little bit of mentoring, you might even get to be a part of the team.”
It’s been another long day at school. Even after passing the math test and pretending to stumble during gym in order to make people believe he’s anything but good at sports, he, along with Ned, Wanda and Harry managed to get himself in a snow-ball battle. But to be fair, him and Ned against Harry and Wanda does not seem like fair fight. Nonetheless, it was quite fun despite the fact that they've lost big time.
“You know what, Rogers? I get that you’re scared – I know I’ve been close. But I’ve beaten this thing a few times before, and I can do it again.” Mr. Stark then turns towards Peter with his marker again.
“Yeah, my workshop,” Tony drops down on the flying seat, activating all the controls and letting the aircraft warm up for a good lift-off. “You know, that place where
Once inside, he finds a lot of other people, as well. The teachers, to be exact. While Storm greets him with a smile, and Jean shakes his hand shortly, there’s also Scott who just nods stiffly, followed by Logan who just plainly ignores him.
“Why would you help me, Wanda?” Peter then asks. Wanda lifts up the corners of her lips for just a moment before starting to walk away again.
“Yeah, well, I was missing my man. Heard some news about him getting into a lip lock with my cousin? Needed to know from the original source, though,” Tony tries. He can see Steve’s cheeks redden at the mention of that, and even Barnes snorts from behind them, though keeping the gun up. “Hey, Manchurian candidate, you’re killing me. There’s a truce here, you can drop- it’s just typical banter between the two of us!”
“It’s just- we’ve been in an argument over something and we need you to clear something up,” Clint says with his mouth full. Tony raises his eyebrows, accepting the cup of coffee Steve hands to him.
“Okay,” he said slowly “Now put it back, I know you have a lot of tricks up your sleeve with water and fire. Use air, I’m curious if you made progress.”
“I’m Seventeen years old, Dad! Besides, I’ll just go as Spider-Man! I won’t take off my mask, I promise!”
Her eyes go back up to where Tony is hovering, trying his hardest not to make a noise. It’s a blessing already that he managed to make the thrusters as soundless as possible. To anybody who wouldn’t know, it would seem like an old laptop is running – which would make it a modern laptop in this current year.
Tony wakes up confused and groggy, and aching all over his body. There’s noise coming from outside of his room, and other little sounds that aren’t supposed to be there at the tower. When he pulls up his hand to rub his eyes, he feels some sort of resistance.
“Okay so I got this scholarship from Stark Industries for when I go to college, don’t ask me how I got it I just spontaneously went inside and made an appointment and then the guy just gave it to me after I told him my sad story, and now I find myself with enough money to go to college
“Dum-E, Butterfingers, bring me the medical kit. Try and keep everything sterile, okay? These are my bones you’re going to be working with.”
“Good, you’re doing good honey,” Steve says, still holding on to his hand. “Just follow our voices, okay?”
“Uh, Steve?” Peter then asks. Steve does startle then, turning his head around in such a quick movement Peter would have thought his neck to be broken. “Are you alright?”
“I understand that,” Tony admits. Before he can speak again, the door opens again and Steve steps inside. He looks worried, casting a short glance towards Peter before turning to Tony. Slowly, he makes his way to the three, coming to stand still right next to Tony but still keeping a respectable distance between the two of them.
“You are a genius!” Tony says. He hurries back to the scientist, puts a hand behind his head and kisses him on the forehead. Bruce, of course, pulls away.
“There’s someone here for you, please get out of bed,” he said dryly. What?! Who could that be? She rolled out of bed and wrestled herself out of her blankets. Then she stood up, stumbling a bit as she was struggling with the blankets. Yaël finally got out of her nest and stepped in front of Steve, rubbing her eyes. Steve stared at her, obviously focusing on her eyes. Yaël recognized that look and glanced down quickly. Yup, she was totally wearing nothing at all. Oops.
Sharon’s eyes widen in surprise before she turns to look at Peter with a mouth fallen open. As she inspects him, she seems to be seeing the similarities in his face. Then, without saying anything, she pulls Peter into her arms as well, hugging him strongly.
(He did, back in the quinjet; he put in the coordinates to New York, and then put FRIDAY on the wheel as he took a moment to have his inner panic attack. It wasn’t pleasant, and it still hurts his chest to think about it – though that could be the shield-shaped bruise he’s gotten onto his torso now.
A bombing during a meeting that would discuss something called ‘the accords’. A camera shows images of the wreckage that was once the building. He can see another glimpse of Natasha in the back, talking to somebody in a suit, who turns out to be the crown prince of Wakanda.
But the team’s doing pretty good. It’s only because of that, Tony remembers, that Steve took a step back as well.
The same mind that offered him an imaginary conversation with Gwen earlier.  Maybe she – actually he, since the conversation was built out of nothing more but his own thoughts – was right. Maybe Peter can’t really figure this thing out by himself. Maybe he
“Jezus,” Tony mutters out. Before Natasha can respond, Tony picks up the phone. “Thaddy, what can I do for you, my man?”
And that’s how Peter finds himself being the deliverer of two pizza’s to a house that left the specific instruction that he might be away for long. Of course, his boss didn’t take it seriously, at all, instead sending him on his way and not paying much more attention to him after that. What Peter finds odd is that the person on the phone apparently
“And you have any plans with MJ?” May asks while wiggling her eyebrows at him. Peter rolls his eyes, his grin disappearing quickly enough and his cheeks reddening.
Peter is sticking to the ceiling now, putting a hand on his chin as he thinks about it. His hair is falling downwards, as are his robes. It’s actually a pretty hilarious sight. Steve turns to Tony, not too surprised to see the man still worrying over him. Steve puts his arm over Tony’s shoulder again to hold him close.
surveillance, obviously (even at school there’s still somebody watching him) – and Natasha can’t say she dislikes the boy.
Peter remembers the conversation he’s had with Felicia about it. After running into her somewhere in the evening, he asked her if she wanted to join the group.
“I’m afraid that’s not how this works, dear,” Charles said. When Yaël looked up at him, she saw his eyes being wet from the compassion he felt for her.
She starts moving again. Peter startles the moment she walks. He reaches out his arm again, grabbing for her hand. She pulls away the moment their skins touch.
“Remember when you told me you’re not a therapist?” Tony asks without really reacting otherwise. Bruce nods. “I’m kind of getting better advice from you than from my actual psychiatrist. That means something.”
Tony shakes his head. Right, the guy asked him a question. “Uh, I need everything SHIELD has on the Tesseract.”
Once he sees his panicked look, he shrugs. “Yeah, I remember. You could have told me about it, by the way.”
“That’s all I need. And Tony, you love Steve, right? You try to pretend that you’re over it, that you don’t care about it. But I know you care, I know you miss him every day and every night. So be honest with yourself right now…”
“Deadpool?!” Peter finds himself shouting. A loud moan escapes his mouth and he throws his head back, taking a few steps to the other side. “Out of all the people that have to stalk me, it has to be the one who would be able to send me to an early grave.”
“How about this,” the Cat then asks. Peter frowns, already regretting choosing this roof. “Next time you go crime-fighting, I’ll join you. Is that a good idea?”
Okay, calm down, take a deep breath. Things have been hard on Peter, too. He’s just trying to get past his anger and grief towards Steve by constantly fighting crime all over New York. Tony can’t be angry at him for that, right?
Brunnhilde parked Yaël next to her on the raise after she fist bumpedHulk as she passed. Unfortunately, Banner was stuck in the Hulk again. It saddened Yaël to see him that way, because she wanted to talk to Bruce about the incident when Hulk smashed her into a coma and kind of…changed her life.
“It’s only an hour, Peter. We do the decathlon, you go to the internship, and then you go home. I’m sure it won’t be
Okay, yes, he was arrogant, but at least Yaël always knew what the man was thinking. Like, he didn’t really need her to be dressed up so she’d be able to brainwash him into giving her the card. He looked right through her intentions. Wait, was she thinking about Jason or about Loki now? Not Loki, she wasn’t missing his smirks… she wasn’t missing
“I’ve got a power, something I didn’t ask for, but got anyway. And I can use this power for good, to help people.”
“This is about as far as I can go,” Mary says. “Richard and I share a lot, but beyond this point I’m not allowed to go.”
“Tony?” she asks. Tony finally clears his throat and lowers his head. Then he nods with his eyes squeezed shut.
“I would have to sign up for the interview, then. Have another talk with Mr. Stark to get the job…I wonder what Wanda would say about this?” Yaël nodded.
When they got to the motorcycle, Steve pushed a helmet over Yaël’s head. Yaël climbed on and a second later, Steve sat down behind her.
“So, uh, these accords. I heard you signed them, Vision?” Peter asks. Vision doesn’t move, keeping his eyes on the screen.
It takes another half hour for him to work on it. He feels sorry for Yaël, who’s still waiting for him downstairs. He’ll make it up to her, that he swears to himself. Eventually, after a lot of sweat and swearing, Peter manages to fix something together on the Arc Reactor. In any way, it starts glowing again in that bright blue color, meaning that at least he did
“You got a license?” the guy asks, and Peter nods. He got it almost as soon as he turned sixteen, after all. Then the guy hands Peter the keys and takes Peter’s place on the passenger’s seat. Peter just stands there, mouth fallen open and all eyes on him. There’s some more muttering, but he ignores it.
“What are you afraid of? Do you really think I would treat you differently?” Peter looked a bit sad.
“Hey! Don’t do that! My hair’s a menace on its own!” Peter tries to push her hands away, but it’s obvious that Shuri is used to being the ‘annoying’ sister. She just grins and rubs his head even faster. Steve can’t help but enjoy the sight. It’s not perfect, not even in the slightest. But it’s a beginning. And just seeing that smile on Peter’s lips again, though faint it may be still brings warmth inside of Steve’s chest.
Raido’s eyes grew big. “Eh, I don’t know if I can do that, Yaël. He needs to get smuggled into the castle because he’s not from around here, everyone would notice. Well, where does he come from actually?”
While normally he doesn’t take paperwork so seriously, with this he’s paid all his attention to it. At first out of a strange sense of loyalty towards Mary. Now, though, it’s because he wants his son to succeed his year. Peter is not out of trouble yet, but he’s almost there. His grades have gone up surprisingly fast, and despite the two unfortunate occasions of detention, his teachers seem be happy with his progress.
Things with MJ are good. In a way, it doesn’t feel like much has changed other than the fact that now they get to kiss once in a while. Peter tries not to let whatever took control the last time do that again, but that means once again that he has to restrain himself. Whenever his body gets those urges to just grab her and kiss the life out of her, he instead puts his hands on her hips and lets her do whatever she wants to do.
is, you can already tell him to go home, uh, young Mister Stark,” Dr. Strange says. Peter then turns around to the man. “We’ll take care of this.”
“Ah, come on babe, don’t be angry,” Tony says. He leans forward until he’s resting against Steve’s chest, his head against Steve’s shoulder. “Forget the crapping part and just go on to the rest.”
“Shut up, you’re one of them, you annoyingly wonderful and pleasant woman, you.” She crossed her arms and pouted, mature as usual. She really, really, really just wanted to go back to earth and stop grumbling around from being stuck on a spaceship.
Harry still looks a bit hesitant before nodding. He jumps back up to get an extra set of sleeping clothes, already knowing where they are. Peter wonders if he should be concerned about that, but figures it’s only normal he would keep them in one of the drawers. Maybe Harry was just lucky?
“Anybody needs help?” she asks with gritted teeth. It’s obvious to Peter that she’s still hurt from her fall off the tower.
“Tony?” the man asks. And shit, that voice sounds familiar. Too familiar. Tony’s breath shakes, and his first instinct is to put his hand on his scar, which he keeps himself from doing. Even before Steve can turn around to face him, Tony takes a few steps backwards. He can’t do this, he’s not ready to see him. Not yet.
“Okay, pain-meds are taken, injection-place has been disinfected. Needle is free of air. Let’s get this show on the road.” Tony clears his throat, looking behind him into the mirror. “On one.”
He falls for maybe just a few seconds. In that time, he sees the ground get closer. He hears the Goblin escaping, and Iron Man’s thrusters getting louder. He feels the air all around him, blowing into his hair. He feels his heart skip a bit, his breath escaping his lungs.
“It’s me, sir, Mr. Stark! It’s Spider-Man,” Peter answers nervously. Out of all the heroes, it seems like Iron Man manages to make him nervous the most.
Yeah, wait a minute, she had nothing to do with this. Wade probably just pulled her along because running away from Logan all by himself bored him.
Peter nods as well, following after Gwen with hasty steps. The girl takes off her mask the moment she’s inside, so Peter figures the people here know about her. But they don’t come across anybody. No scientists, no Avengers. The building is practically empty.
The man looked up and saw her curiosity. “Of Mice and Man,” he said as he shut the book and lifted it so Yaël could see the front.
“It’s all in here,” Tony says. “After we’ve looked it over and add our suggestions, it’ll be brought back to the leaders.”
“What happened?” The indignation turned into worry and Yaël could barely endure to look at her friend like this. But she bit through it.
“Oh, Tony Stark, Dad, creator of all that is awesome and unprecedented. I humbly ask you to allow me, your idiot son who keeps on losing his stuff, inside of your well-kept home that is practically a modern, high-up tree-house-castle.”
“Bruciebear, if you wanted to get close, all you had to do was ask, darling,” Tony jokes. Bruce rolls his eyes.
“I heard you blew up all your suits,” Steve muttered, trying to divert the conversation. Tony took a breath, passing his hand over his face.
“You fell sick, honey. You passed out.” She leans forward to kiss him on the head. “How are you feeling right now?”
As it turns out, it’s some sort of mobile lab. It’s small, and probably not a good place for Banner to work in without testing his anger issues, but somehow it’s still open. Probably because somebody must have cleaned this place up a bit before they left. Everything is put away neatly, covered with a few layers of dust collected from the years. Tony guides a spider away from his face by replacing the web to another place against the sides.
It’s a field full of bodies. Corpses of people that have been trying their best to keep their world free. Face empty, eyes open wide, mouth loose. Never will they speak again. No more words will come rolling over their lips. Tony didn’t know all of these people personally, but he's sure that they're one of the bravest persons in the world..
“Tony, I know you’ve hit a rough spot right now, but you can’t keep doing this to him,” Pepper finally says in a lower volume. Tony doesn’t look up, just shakes his head while keeping his eyes on the floor. “Where’s Peter? I thought you said he came home?”
During biology, Peter and Ned are seated together and they talk some more about the Avengers in hushed voices. Peter is aware that half the class is still mocking him about Dum-E, but he tries to let it pass him by. He shouldn’t be bothered about it.
“You pay me new plates!” she growled at Wade as soon as Peter had left. She wasn’t finished with Wade just yet. It surprised her that nobody came knocking on her door yet to check if she was still alive after all the noise of gunshots and shattering plates. But she guessed everyone just minded their own business in this building.
“I’m glad that there’s at least someone who cares about him – a lot,” Peter finishes. Right when Steve turns to look at him with horror written all over his face, Peter opens the door and heads outside into the rain. “Maybe someday he’ll notice it, too?”
A young girl, about Peter’s age. She’s wearing a bonnet, but the dark red curls are slightly visible – Michelle, his mind tells him. She’s sitting at a café, talking to somebody Peter doesn’t recognize. Just, for a moment, he stays on the roof of the building, blinking a few times as he looks.
“Go to the interview! I’ll see you in the lobby after I get Wade out of there!” Yaël tells him. Peter nods, but before he can run off, the girl reaches out for him to make him look as presentable again as possible. “Your suit is showing,” she also warns him as she buttons his collar back up.
“Like us?” Peter asks. Natasha then finally turns around, giving him a sly smile. Then she nods towards the door.
Tony hesitates for a moment longer before he does an abrupt turn and storms away from medical. Once he’s outside he opens up the suit and he’s in the air before anybody can even call out his name. He flies all the way to where he knows Scott and Hope’s apartment is located. Landing on the balcony, he loudly knocks on the window.
The spot where he and Steve had been standing before Tony pushed him aside is covered with rock-pieces, parts of the wall that has apparently been blown up. The little space they’re currently underneath… it looks like multiple parts of the wall collapsed. It doesn’t look stable, trying to shift it away could kill them instantly.
Okay, I've been feeling like crap for the past two weeks, but it's starting to get better now! Hurray!
There’s no class today. It’s Saturday, and this week-end it’s Tony-time again. So Peter packs his backpack, throws it over his shoulder and doesn’t bother to be quiet when he passes Johnny’s room. He’s not sure if the guy went out last night or not – it’s not like he’s out
“It doesn’t really matter. Let’s just get to work, alright? We’re almost finished with the suit!” Tony says, trying to lighten the mood with a sudden enthusiasm Peter isn’t entirely feeling. He decides it’s better to just ask Yaël about it later on.
The crowd makes a ‘ooooh-‘sound, and Steve blinks up with red cheeks. The two of them don’t really respond, because LL takes the word before they can speak.
“Just going to do some light protesting on animal cruelty. You should join me when you’re finished here?” she tries. Peter laughs, remembering the last time she took him protesting. He ended up with a black eye after a drunk dude accidentally mistook him for somebody else. His dad had been furious and got so close to suing the guy’s ass!
They are trying to keep the ‘babysitting’ subtle, but in all honesty, subtlety isn’t exactly the Avenger’s biggest talent.
Yaël should never be in a relationship, this wasn’t how it worked, this wasn’t how she worked. She couldn’t be bound to this person, could she? It felt like something was wrapped around her throat, but Yaël knew it was purely panic. The only thing she could give this person was disappointment.
“No, I don’t, but I don’t like fighting for something like this, either. Can’t you just talk to the others? You’re God gave you a mouth so you’d solve problems in a more civilized way, Steve,” Yaël hissed. Oh, how Yaël hoped nobody was going to ask Peter, well, Spider-Man, to help in the fight. And if someone did, she surely whished the boy would use his common sense and keep himself out of this exploding situation.
“Your mother was pregnant,” he admits. Steve freezes next to him. Peter closes his eyes with a smile appearing on his lips.
“Sweetheart, you know Peter’s not in any danger right now, right?” Steve asks carefully. Tony lets out a sniff, breathing out heavily through his nose while keeping his eyes closed.
“I’m doing fine,” Tony says. What else would he say to somebody he hasn’t really spoken to in so many years? That he’s having the worst panic attacks about his son dying again and again? Yeah, no, probably not such a good idea, really. “How are you?”
“I don’t see why not, Tony. You acted out of anger. It’s a horrible thing you can’t always control. Steve understands that, and he still loves you despite of it.”
What made her get stuck into this shithole? Her powers got slammed back into her…but why? Because she overdrove them or because she mistreated her own body? Probably the second one, since she’s known for overusing her powers. Okay, but why didn’t she just faint?
“You could have woken me,” Yaël mutters into her cup. After taking a large gulp, she turns back to Peter. “You have your interview, no?”
“No, it’s good that you’re here. You’re kind of involved, too,” Charles points out. “I trust you haven’t noticed good Mr. Wilson sitting there on that chair behind you?”
At one point, when they arrived there, they started pulling at each other’s suits until they dropped on the ground. Keeping the lights off, Peter doesn’t mind too much when his mask gets pulled up at least a little bit too high. He pulls it off eventually when he understands she won’t be able to see him in the darkess.
There he stood with a cheeky, almost evil-looking grin on his face and… her plates in his hands, which he was already throwing at Peter. What the actual f-
The idea came up on me when I saw the trailer, and I almost immediately wrote this. I am evil, very much evil, but at the same time I feel like this is a good possibility, given how young Peter still is, and how naïve. Be sure you are aware that this timestamp can be shocking.
“Hi, uh, yeah! I was wondering if, maybe, you could help me out with something?” Peter asks. Pepper looks a bit surprised at the question but then smiles.
Yaël felt ashamed for throwing all her insecurities on the table. Her problems seemed so dumb and childish when she heard the drunk-Yaël yell about them. She leaned with her chin onto her hands, cupping her cheeks to hide away her redness.
“You two are quite funny,” Felicia adds. Then she puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder and points towards a building on their right. “You need to be there. But hurry up, I think the assembly is about to start. Good luck!”
Then he remembers that Steve came in, though when he looks up there’s no Steve to be seen. Of course, Tony knows about what happened in Lagos – the whole world knows by now. It’s bad press, but it’s also exactly what makes Tony’s point.
“Shhh, Steve,” Tony stops him. “It’s not your burden to bear.” Tony leans forward, pressing his forehead against Steve’s. His fingers carding through Steve’s hair, the two take a moment to calm themselves down. “I shouldn’t keep on kicking you out. That’s not fair of me. You live here just as much as I do.”
Oh, he’s talking fast. That means he’s in a really bad mood right now. Peter just shakes his head towards Steve, telling him that he shouldn’t bother anymore today. Then he mouths ‘I’ll take care of him’ towards him before nodding to the door. Steve gives him a sad look, but then turns around to Tony’s bedroom to grab his stuff.
“Well I’m not really the one who should be arranging that for you,” Tony returns. He pats Wade’s shoulder one more time before he looks down at the watch. With quick movement he notes down the date of Mary’s last journal entry. Once it’s over he looks up at Charles, waiting for him to say just how bad of an idea this is.
“About that, it’s actually why I’m here,” Steve admits. With his arms still crossed, he takes a few steps until he’s leaning against the window, eyes not letting go of Tony’s. He looks serious, but in all honesty he almost always does. It’s not often that Tony catches him in a joking mood. Or, at least, in the beginning of their friendship. “You told that reporter we’re together.”
“Has anybody been in your bedroom lately?” Tony continues. Peter shakes his head in confusion. Who was the last person he took along inside his room?
After Steve, too, has taken place, a pleasant silence has come up. While Steve looks up the news on the tablet, Tony goes through whatever FRIDAY has found on the Black Cat. After ten minutes of this, Tony puts down his phone and starts looking at Steve, only to find out the super soldier has been having the same idea. The time of reddened cheeks are far behind them now, so Tony just grins and reaches out his hand, allowing Steve to put his above it.
Roosevelt subway station is pretty much how the website described it; abandoned and old. It’s dusty everywhere, and there’s spiders all around the corner. The rails have been rusted, the air smells funny. There’s a lot here reminding him that it’s an old place.
“So, what brings you here?” MJ suddenly asks, pulling Peter out of his train of thoughts. Peter turns to her, catching her watching him over her bowl of soup.
But at the same time, the disgust he’s feeling for himself right now, at the idea that he reacted that way.
Peter walks MJ back to her house. She doesn’t live to far away from Peter’s apartment, so that’s a good thing. Nearing her front door, Peter clears his throat once again before turning towards her.
“Pssst, Ned, right?” Peter asks, though he knows the answer to that. Ned just nods, turning his head a bit to the side. He seems surprised that anybody is talking to him at all.
The noise stops. Peter goes lying back down on the ground, feeling breathless and aching. His ears are still ringing, his muscles burning. As he tries to regain his breath, he’s barely aware of May running back towards him.
And it’s as if FRIDAY might have told him that the room has been filled with explosives, that’s how fast Tony’s out into the hallway. Entering medical he finds Steve holding on to May, who has her face hidden against his chest while Steve makes sure she’s not looking in the direction of Peter’s room. When the man notices Tony arriving, worry comes up on his own face even more than before.
been lacking in the previous accords. And he knows they’re talking about Wanda, but it applies to Peter just as much.
“NO!” the real Yaël screamed as she saw her friend collapse. His glass eyes stared to nothingness. Yaël ripped X’s hand away and started running to Raido’s body. She didn’t hear her memory yell “DIE!” to her own sister. She didn’t see how her memory self accidentally made a hand-gesture that caused the steering of blood. She didn’t see how her memory-self made her own sister stab herself five times, without even knowing how to stop it. The only thing she saw was her dead friend, her brother, laying in front of her.
“Crap, it’s Spider-Man! We need to bail now!” one of the kids says, quickly running off. The others follow him, except for Flash. Eddie, too, stays behind a little bit, though he keeps a good distance between him and them.
“Woah, I never mentioned anything about dating!” Peter suddenly calls out, and while he only has been whispering the whole time, now that he raises his voice some heads turn towards him. Probably people wondering who he’s talking to.
“Hey, Petey, think fast!” Yaël looked up to Wade, who had yelled, while nibbling on her pizza. She was trying her best to keep the cheese out of her hair.
” Peter repeats in a hiss, preparing himself to throw out a web, but his hand is shaking too much; he can’t aim right now.
“So, I kind of learned that my father is not my father, and I have a suspicion that I might know who
Steve never manages. The guards are around him almost 24/7, keeping an eye on him. T’Challa admits that he doesn’t like having Steve watched like that, but that he feels it’s necessary. Clint and Scott agree. Sam argues with him, but it leads to nothing. Bucky tries to stay out of it to let Wanda help him during their sessions.
“I SHOULD PUT YOU IN AN ENORMOUS BLENDER AND LET YOU DIE AGAIN AND AGAIN FOR ETERNITY!” Yaël poked against his chest while barking.
“Oh?” Wade said as he heard the bitterness in her voice. Stark had brainwashed her, because Yaël was sure Peter didn’t hate her…Right?
It could be unintentional peer pressure… Who knows? Peter sure as hell doesn’t when he finishes his fifth glass, feeling more than just buzzed and about ready to just go dance in front of everybody. He notices Michelle nearby, eyeing him with a frown. Peter just waves at her mockingly before shaking his head along with the beat.
Miles turned sixteen two days ago. His uncle Aaron promised to bring him something sweet from where-ever he’s currently doing a job, and Miles can’t wait to see what it’s going to be. Uncle Aaron brings home the craziest shit; rare plants, a self-sustaining drone, the latest virtual reality-goodies… You call it. He doesn’t really know what his uncle does, but if it earns him that much cash it’s probably better not to know.
“Tony,” Natasha suddenly calls out to get his attention, and Tony pulls the hand away from his face, keeping his eyes on the calm super-assassin in front of him. “You’re being uncharacteristically non-hyperverbal?”
“Peter, I don’t think this is a great idea,” Ned continues, looking actually uncertain about this. “I mean, what if this is illegal?”
It would be easy to hug him, to kiss him. He’s right there, after all. It’s easy to touch him, to smile at him, to tell him he loves him. It’s so fucking easy.
He’ll have to return for it, later. It’s already one in the afternoon, and Tony is still greasy all over from working at the workshop.
Peter clears his throat, announcing his arrival. Tony turns around so fast Peter’s sure he could have broken his neck. Steve, who is in the kitchenette, drops down his towel and leans against the counter with his arms crossed.
The way to Dr. Cho’s office seems shorter this time. In just a matter of seconds – or at least that’s what it feels like to him – he’s standing outside her door. Wanda lets go of his arm, squeezes his shoulder shortly, and then takes a step back while nodding towards the office.
“I have stopped reading your mind once I knew you weren’t a common thief or assassin,” Wanda says fondly. Then her fingers go on his face, slowly touching the fabric of his mask. The touch is gentle, but Peter still wonders what this is all about. “Though I know why you’re here, and I’m willing to help.”
Peter waves it off. “It’s no big deal, I know how much she loves spending time with her grandfathers,” he says. Meanwhile, Annie makes a whining noise against Peter’s shoulder, stretching her arms and struggling a bit to be let go.
“I was, but it doesn’t matter anymore. Steve, Tony’s not- he’s not doing good,” he quickly warns him. “They say if it doesn’t get better soon he’ll need a transplant, but I’m not a good match.”
“Ah, yes, that’s the stuff,” she says happily, immediately taking a large swing from it. Everybody gives her a look before turning towards Steve and Tony, who then shrug.
“No, you get to shut up!” he says, voice shaking a little bit. “You don’t know me, Rogers. None of you do. And you may think that watching over me and making sure I’m not doing stupid shit will help me, but I’ve gotten myself out of this crap before without all your help!”
“See for yourself,” he says, coming to a halt in front of a door. Pointing his hand inside, Tony hesitantly follows in, hearing Johnny and Wade talk nervously. Is that- what’s that noise? Is that a baby crying?
“Okay maybe I have, but the last one doesn’t count! He’s a guy!” Peter counters before she can say anything to it. He can just imagine her smirk as if she’s standing right in front of him.
Peter’s heart jumps when he hears his name. With lots of hesitation inside of him but without showing it, Peter puts his stuff back into his bag and closes it before following the woman – he doesn’t even know her name – out of the detention room. The hallways are empty now; everybody is already back at home or still on their way.
Once inside, he takes his place back between Tony and Sue. The digital copy of the accords is once again appearing before him, but nobody pays attention to it yet. Once again, everybody is talking. Peter even startles when suddenly somebody comes to sit on the table, right in front of him.
Steve sits down next to Sam on the front row. The priest starts talking, but all Peter can think about is his father next to him, at the verge of tears but unmoving to say the least. The thought came to him that it’s a bit of a dick move of Steve to sit away from him, but Peter quickly counters that thought; he’s heartbroken as well. Both are grieving about her passing. They’ll probably need a little bit of time.
“Dude, you sure you’re able to swing around like this. I think there’s something bleeding there,” Miles points out while nodding towards the rip in the suit where he thinks he can see something red and wet.
“I know, Tony,” Steve says, gently kissing him on the forehead. “I know how hard this is for you. But you can’t overwork yourself like this. Give Peter the chance to hang out with you for a little bit…”
“Alright, Andrew, let’s go?” Peter asks one more time. Andrew nods, holding out his hand for Peter to take. Peter doesn’t hesitate, pulling him closer until he finally picks him up. When he turns around to look behind him, he suddenly notices the Cat standing there.
Steve directs his fingers to a couple of papers on the desk next to him. Papers Tony hasn’t even noticed yet. He quickly stands up and reaches out for them, giving them a short look.
Steve sighs. Peter knows it’s awful of him to ask for this, but he’s never seen Tony this scared before. He doesn’t like it one bit.
“You don’t get it, Tony,” Wanda then says. “He was like a cat, and that man was the mouse. He wasn’t just going to kill him. He wanted to make him suffer some more before doing it. Make him pay for all the agony he’s brought to him and his Aunt.”
He kind of looked like an animal, gracefully focusing on his prey. And for a moment, Yaël had really thought she’d be saved.
sitting. He’s in a wheelchair, wearing a hospital gown. There’s an IV-bag attached to his arm and he, too, looks a bit pale
So Peter takes a quick shower. Rhodey is probably already picking out some random clothes for him, but Peter figures he’ll get another makeover from Tony’s team. He already hates the idea.
It doesn’t hurt anymore – at least, not immediately. It’s still difficult to swing around for a longer period of time, meaning that his Spider-Man outings still haven’t been as much. But there isn’t more than that. It’s still a pink line where his suture has been, and on his back there’s a scar from that metal pin that ruptured his spleen. He figures those scars will always be there from now on.
“That’s our Peter, alright,” Steve chuckles. While Tony keeps on cradling Peter’s hair, Steve’s hand lands on top of Tony’s, tangling their fingers together. Tony looks up to him, swallowing past a lump in his throat.
Also, in the other story, Yaël (the original character) is going to be good friends with Steve (nothing more than that, of course!). That friendship will sometimes be hinted into this story, but I won't put it too much into detail here. She's getting her own story (with Loki), and her origins and troubles will be further worked out there.
Somewhere next to her, a door opened. Yaël didn’t look up, she kept on attacking and defending herself on the same time, which felt kind of weird and extremely exhausting, but she was curious to see how far she’d be able to push this.
“I honestly don’t even doubt that,” Yaël answered dryly. “You don’t want to be free and erase all your mistakes? Fine! This was your one and only chance to get out and you blew it.”
And then he closes the door and starts running towards Happy’s car, where he greets the bodyguard and allows himself to be driven away from the Avengers compound.
Parker… now that’s a name he hasn’t heard in a long time. One would think that with such a big company, at least one of his workers would have that surname. Still, the only Parker he can think of is… what was his name again?
Cap points up towards – what a surprise – Oscorp, where Peter can see Iron Man and War Machine fighting together to hold off some strange green creature. Peter’s stomach drops then, realizing who exactly it is they’re fighting.
“Do I need to call the fire-department?” he asks, probably wondering if anybody did it before him. Just as Peter is about to say ‘yes’, Johnny jumps in.
“Thanks,” Yaël answered sarcastically “I haven’t had any money to take care of it.” Wade was right. Yaëls blue hair was turning lighter and lighter and her darker hair started showing again at the roots.
“Wait for it…” Yaël said with a wink as she kept knocking and then yelled: “MS. THOMAS? YOU FELL ASLEEP BETWEEN THE DOORS AGAIN!”
And Steve keeps running, hating that he’s not there yet, that he can’t comfort Tony like this. He keeps running, refusing to fall behind on Natasha. The palace is getting further and further away. He might feel a little bit guilty towards T’Challa for bailing on him like that.
Steve asks. Rhodey clarifies his exact location, followed by a confirmation that the others will go to him quickly. Before Peter can repeat that, he realizes that by doing so, he would make obvious that Mantis is no longer with him. And, sure, he’s not exactly alone, but Harry’s not into the action. He’s chosen a simple life for a reason, despite being stronger than the average person. Peter doesn’t want to drag him into this.
“Dude, we all understand why you did that,” he says. “If you hadn’t, I’m sure Steve would have told you to go anyway.”
Behind Otto stands his wife, looking at him with pride in her eyes. Even Tony can see that they love each other very much, and almost out of reflex he leans to the side until he’s leaning against Steve, who in turn silently grabs his hand again.
Peter takes a few careful steps forward. He’s got no idea where to look, but the doors have small little viewing glasses. One by one, Peter gives a look through them, finding only empty rooms.
“He’s Captain America,” Tony says quickly before thinking of the other way to describe Steve. Wonderful and perfect Steve.
His throat wells up when his dad’s favorite car crashes against the tree. He blinks when a dark figure – with a familiar metal arm – comes into the image. He’s aware of Steve looking at him instead of the video. He doesn’t care.
“Uh, yeah, maybe…I’m looking for Peter Parker?” Shit, did she have to call him Peter Stark now? How did these kinds of things work? “I brought ice-cream,” Yaël added, like it was important information. Stop acting like an idiot, Yaël told herself, you’re over two-thousand years old, imbecile.
“Stay safe, and good luck with that guy,” he jokes, though he’s only wishing himself luck with that. MJ winks at him.
So, if you notice something strange in this or one of our other stories from this series, please keep in mind that everything is under reconstruction. Also, please report illogical faults, plotholes and such, if you want to, of course :)
“Spidey?” Hawkeye asks once more, and Peter realizes that he never answered his question. With a sharp nod, he tries to make clear that he’s fine – or will be fine, as soon as his lungs have recovered from the temporary lack of air. His throat hurts from all the coughing, and he’s sure he’ll be hoarse for the next few days.
“From what I’ve known from Spider-Man these past few months, I know that he wants nothing else than to be an Avenger. And, I know they haven’t been as active lately, but they’re not disbanded.”
“My, looks like the call is serious,” she says, frowning a bit. “Say, don’t you think he was a bit… strange yesterday? I mean, he seemed… quiet? I wonder if he’s doing alright?”
May shows him a few dance moves. Peter tries not to think back to the last time he danced. Then she drives him to Liz’ house, remembering the address.
“Right, I’ll get Shuri and we’ll go to the floor you’ve given us,” T’Challa says kindly, offering a hand to Tony to shake it. “I must thank you again for your hospitality. Tomorrow we’ll continue our business, alright?”
May Parker doesn’t expect much trouble when she gets back to work. It’s been a bit crazy after the move, but after they’ve finally settled in, she’s feeling rather confident in getting back to work.
“Hey hotshot, wait for me!” the Cat shouts after him. Peter jumps up against a building and waits for her to catch up to him. When she reaches him, she shoots up a zipline to pull herself onto the roof. Peter quickly follows her up. He’s not even up there for two seconds before his mouth is uncovered again and the Cat’s lips are once more pressed against his.
Oh, boy. Yaël needed to find something to distract these two before they’d kill each other. Not that Deadpool was able to move, nor did Peter look like someone who easily killed people.
That’s when his internal alarms start ringing. He tries to jump away, but suddenly he’s floating into the air.
His screen is blank. He doesn’t see anything in front of him but what he would see normally. There’s no number, no coordinates. It’s as if the system has shut itself off completely, but at the same time the suit works even better than before.
Wilson nods, holding up the book to show it to Tony. Last month, Tony passed along a copy of the Accords to Natasha, which she was to pass back along to Steve and his gang. It had been suggested by a few members of the UN – the ones who had pulled Ross off the whole business and assigned a new secretary of State. They haven’t been happy with how everything has happened, and they agree the Avengers are
-look, and Peter laughs back at her, a little nervous at the idea of going to Disneyland. Not that he doesn’t want to go, but he’s just never been there, and he’s not sure what to expect. It’s every kid’s dream to ever go there, but the luxury of money was not one they had at the Parker household. Besides…
This chapter insinuates that at least a few days have passed since the surgery. Tony, of course, is pretending he's fine. That doesn't mean he is.
Steve sighed and helped her get up. “Wait, is that all you’re wearing?” He asked her, she shrugged. “Yaël, it’s January. Where’s your jacket or vest or something?”
“We can make the last 24 hours legit. Barnes gets transferred to an American psych-center instead of a Wakandan prison.”
He figures it’s guilt, but by now he doesn’t even know what he’s feeling guilty about anymore. Is it the fact that he’s been finding it difficult to talk to Peter (because he chased Steve away from their lives)? Or is it because he
And look at this Peter, here. It’s rather obvious the kid hates him. It’s obvious the kid hates his mother, too. Peter looks like the only reason he’s still staying is because of his siblings.
She figures, the first strain on their relationship must have been the Ultron-disaster. They had a fight about it, before everything went down. Tony blew up all the suits, Pepper thought their lives could finally get a little bit back to normal. But she should have known Tony couldn’t let go of Iron Man. She should have known that he would want to join his teammates on their mission to take care of HYDRA, and their pursuit for the scepter. Thor came back, and gone they were.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve asks nervously, his hand going over Tony’s face to make him look up. Tony, who seems a bit disoriented, just blinks a couple of times. When Peter joins the two of them, Tony smiles.
“That’s what you get for pulling it off until the last thing,” Peter mutters to himself. “FRIDAY, can you explain to me what this ‘
“The fuck, Wade…” Yaël mumbled to herself. But Wade must’ve heard her, because his laughter suddenly rumbled through the whole restaurant. Yaël kicked him under the table as she looked at Peter with a I-am-so-sorry-I-brought-this-mentally-ill-raisin-to-this-restaurant-face. Wade leaned back to laugh even harder and when he finally stopped his concert, he sniffed a bit as he dried his eyes.
“I, uh… I got another little surprise for you,” Tony admits. Then he reaches underneath the dashboard and takes out what looks like a lunch bag but in the larger scale. “I was going to put it on your bed for you to find, but I couldn’t be sure May would find it or if you would put it on with her still in the house, so here you go instead.”
Steve laughs, making them turn before pressing Tony close to him once again. “I would love you in any form I could get you.”
,” FRIDAY lies – or does she – causing for Michelle to step back and look at the ceiling with a frown.
just happened! What was he thinking? Why didn’t he just push her aside, tell her that he’s not interested?
“Of course, he can’t exactly sleep in his crib now, can he?” Then he turns towards the kitchenette to see Bruce, still busy. “Any luck on the formula?”
It’s a whole lot of information coming Peter’s way, but he knows he’s smart. It’s not that hard to figure it out, though mostly the names all just sound like gibberish in his head.
The first notes are enough to say which song it is, and Tony has to admit that he’s a bit surprised. How would Steve come up with the idea to perform ‘Stand By Me?’ Usually, people take faster, louder songs that have a lot of swing in it.
He’s not even halfway when he hears some cracking underneath his feet. A quick look down, he sees that it’s glass. There’s some liquid on the ground as well. The shards on the floor seem like… did somebody drop a bottle?
Suddenly two cold hands grabbed her waist and pulled her back a bit, so she leaned against him. The difference between his cold skin and her feverish one was very noticeable. As she looked behind her, she noticed he had pulled off his own shirt. Suddenly, the cave didn’t feel like an oven anymore. It felt just fine.
Peter shakes his head, starting his run and then shooting two webs to catapult himself up in the air. In a speed-tempo, he climbs up on the tower. He always hates doing that because it’s such a long climb, but with all these construction-things on it he can use his webs to sling himself upward a bit faster. By the time he’s on the balcony, he runs to the door.
Sif shakes her head, but smirks in return, pulling out a little bag and offering it to Hilde without looking at her. She doesn’t seem upset, luckily.
“This is Peter, Steve,” Gwen explains. “He’s from another universe, where they haven’t defeated Venom yet.”
The Helicarrier looks different than how Tony last remembers it. There are still multiple quinjets on the landing deck, but there’s a whole lot less people walking around on it. There seems to be no immediate threat, Tony figures.
“Make it five,” Tony tells Happy, who gives him a grin, nods, and then stamps his foot on the accelerator. The car speeds forward immediately.
“Ah, right, Steve is always excited to have new members join the team,” Sharon says, putting a hand on Steve’s chest while leaning against him. “Are you from around here?”
“Michelle,” Harry mutters, still staring at her when she takes her place at the table. She gives Peter and Ned a questioning look, but they just shrug.
“I need you to stay here,” he says. “Make sure that these people here are doing their jobs. I’ll get those journals, and we’re going to fix this, alright?”
Steve doesn’t stay for the reception afterwards. It’s only Peter and Tony who are there, though Peter is sure he saw a glimpse of Natasha somewhere. There’s a dinner, and lots of talk about good memories with Peggy. When asked about Peter, Tony explains to everybody how exactly Peter came back into his life, and everybody seems to be adoring him.
He notices Otto almost immediately, dressed in a light grey uniform that matches Rosie’s coat. The woman comes Otto’s way and kisses him on the cheek. After she tells him something, Otto turns around to where Tony is standing, suddenly smiling widely.
Felicia, right. Peter had no idea that his feelings for the girl were so deep? It’s surprising, but at the same time Peter can only wish that it would work out between the two of them. Johnny surely deserves it.
important not to have by their side. Instead of wanting to prosecute the remaining members of the group, they want a chance to come to an understanding, an agreement on the accords. So they want to arrange a meeting with everybody.
“That’s what happens when my boyfriend is an idiot,” Tony returns. He leans forward again to kiss him on the lips. It’s a gentle touch, lips caressing each other in an easy caress. They don’t pull apart, either, just keep their lips close to each other while enjoying each other’s presence.
“Yeah, I’m going to wobble around a bit more and then I’m going to listen some music or something. Oh, no, I could really use a shower,” she waved away the problem.
He’s not on an extremely high building, so it’s not like he’s looking down at the city. But damn, the view is nice either way. Peter wishes he would have taken his camera along this time. He might have just gotten a few nice things tonight. For now, he has to do with the camera on his Stark-Phone. He takes it out of his inner pocket, and starts up the camera to make a few quick shots. After that, he opens up his messenger app, pulling off his mask and taking a picture of himself holding up his thumb.
Peter makes an uncomfortable sound, turning his head to look at Tony. “Hot. Cold. Like I’m about ready to puke my guts out,” he tries to joke. The small smile on his face falls away when he notices their worried looks. “Where are we?”
“Hello to you, too,” Tony mutters out playfully. His legs are thrown over Steve’s, with a sketching book resting above them while Steve uses him as a table to draw around a bit. “How is my dear cousin of mine?”
“You were being monitored, but your condition was getting worse,” the Doctor adds. Tony tries to remember his name, but he can’t. His eyes widen when, next to him, he sees Dr. Cho herself.
“Peter, what is that?” Tony asks, suddenly starting to lose his cool here. Because he could deal with the fact that Peter is swinging around in New York to fight criminals, but if he’s actually where Tony
“I’m not sure I want to know the answer to it,” Peter then answers to that. He then finally stands up, getting ready to leave.
And Peggy told him many stories. At first about her adventures as Captain America because she knew that was what Tony wanted to hear. But when she started to run out of those stories, it became the story of how she ended up with her husband. The man had adventures of his own – not as impressive as the Captain, of course, but still enough to get a kid excited. After a while, Tony even forgot about the Captain, and started to see Peggy’s husband as his hero. The man with the wooden leg. The man who lost so much, but found a way to build up his life again. That was the type of man Tony Stark aspired himself to be.
“Did you get here easily? Did Ms. Thomas fell asleep in the elevator again? Do you want something to drink?” Maybe Yaël drunk too much coffee.
“Nilla…” she tried to explain, her arm didn’t work with her as she tried to point at the little concrete cell she had built around her sister.
They’ve certainly expanded since the battle; while Steve moved out and Bruce never really lived in the compound in the first place, now Scott and Hope have their own room in here. They don’t actually
“Good morning, sleepyheads. My bed comfortable enough?” Peter asks, lifting his cup of coffee. Clint looks up, blinking a few times towards Peter before frowning.
“Until Fury decided that she could be a part of the team, instead. You know, with Thor back in space, he probably figured the team could use another alien. Everybody agreed, but I just- I never really trusted her. To be honest; she scared me, okay?”
“You better watch your language, son,” Steve says, pointing the gun against. Peter lets out a small shout and starts running, getting himself away from the ‘danger’. Steve just laughs before he goes in pursuit.
Yaël would come and take place at the tower. There’s the baby to think about, and while it’s a cute little thing, nobody really other than Wanda wants to spend
And with that, after a quick goodnight to everybody, Scott, too, is out of the penthouse. After that, Tony stands in the middle of the room with Rhodey and Nat looking at him with that worried expression they always have whenever they’re worried about him. Obviously.
“Barnes is… out of commission for now,” Sam admits. “His choice was to be put back under cryo until there’s a way to fix his brain.”
Though… going on patrol with this strange pain in his side? He should have a quick check in the mirror. Peter hurries to the bathroom, lifting up his shirt and finding confirmation of his theory that he went patrolling drunk again last night. His whole torso is full of bruises.
“What happened?” Steve asks. He hates the fact that he can always stay calm, even in situations like this. Sure, on the inside he’s panicking in every possible way. His outside just… can’t show that. And he knows, to Peter, it might come over like he’s not all that worried about it.
The Steve hangs up, and Peter sighs. He supposes he should be doing what he was supposed to do here. He starts up the computer, watching Harry’s progress, but with Steve still on his mind.
Peter’s eyes go back up, focusing on the Goblin in front of him. Slowly but surely, Harry’s face slowly shifts back towards another, familiar and more friendly face. A face that looks as exhausted as Peter is feeling at the moment, with dark circles under the eyes and an unshaven beard on his chin, hair messy and sticking everywhere.
The phone goes on, and on. And Steve keeps on running, but eventually he does dive into his pocket to fish it out again. While running, he picks up, putting the phone against his ear.
“Harry’s doing great,” Norman says, and that is again a lie. By now Tony knows that Harry has been kicked out of his school again and is at the verge of being sent to Peter’s school. Which would start the inevitable friendship between the two of them. “Though Em and I are not so sure private school is the best choice for him.”
When she notices him staring at her, she raises an eyebrow and gives him a playful wink. Peter rolls his eyes, jumping out of the window without any warning and coming down on the ground without any bother. Just for the sake of Andrew in his arms he slowed down his landing by using his webs.
There will be two versions of this thing; this one will be with the fantastic four. The second one will feature the X-Men, though it will appear later.
Peter then shrugs, trying to count it out. “A little more than a year I suppose? We’re almost November now, 2016.”
“Yo Parker, where you goin’?” somebody asks behind him. Peter turns around, seeing another guy standing there. He doesn’t know his name, wondering how he even knows his in the first place.
“So, what? You just decide to throw my plates and start shooting at my floor to prove that this guy can swing from one building to another? There are other ways to do that, Wade!” the girl shouts back. And with that, Peter knows Creepy Stalking Guy’s name, at last.
The moment he presses a small button, the case opens up, suddenly revealing a whole new suit in bright red and blue.
“Just in general, I guess. Having kids… sure, it was expected of people back in the day. Get married, have kids. I accepted the situation as it was. But now I just- it’s
For the most part of July, Tony has been working together with Pepper again. Mostly, he asked for her help to put out the Avengers' fire, which she did without asking any questions. They helped die down the stories that were written about them, and even got the newspaper to stop portraying the remaining Avengers as criminals. What they are, right now, is just stuck in a grey zone between hero and illegal vigilante.
Peter huffs out a laugh, breathing faster than he should be right now. He stands still for a moment, trying to think through another plan of attack.
bedrooms has been confusing at first, but now Peter only finds it awesome to be able to call the Tower
“We’re practically raising my teenage son together,” Tony adds playfully. Barnes frowns at that, still keeping his gun up.
On the fifth day, she went back to the grocery store. She got some food and walked passed a whole rack filled with hair dye on sale. So, of course, Yaël painted her hair blue. Because that felt like a fun thing to do and it would piss Fury off for her not being an adult.
After one hour of just walking (skateboarding?) around, Peter finds himself in front of the building that contains Yaël’s crappy apartment. Without hesitation, he takes the skateboard in hand and jumps up the stairs. The apartment is on the top floor, but Peter has no trouble getting to the top. With quick knocks on the door, Peter announces his presence.
“Right,” Harry says, though sounding a bit unsure. Lunch, after that, gets a bit tense again. They try more conversation, but nothing really feels good to talk about. Instead, they then take their stuff and make their way to the next class. When Peter sees MJ joining the group, he looks down immediately, cheeks blushing red in a reaction.
“Holy crap,” Peter calls out. There’s something he should have known long ago, he realizes. How does MJ even know this before him? Peter never really heard Tony talk Italian once since he’s known him. It’s too bad, it could have been kind of badass to hear.
“NO!” Yaël yelled, but Nilla didn’t stop moving. Just a few seconds, and she’d be gone, going after Yaël’s new family.
“The last thing I remember, I was rescuing Natasha back in Sokovia. She, uh, she kissed me and then threw me into a deep hole or something. Next thing I know, I’m suddenly in the quinjet, standing next to Thor who suddenly had short hair. He told me I was on a whole other planet and that he needed my help.”
Peter isn’t paying attention anymore, so he shouldn’t be too surprised when the guy uses his mystery-device again and blows him away once more. This time, Peter is a bit more prepared. While he flies back, he quickly shoots out a web towards the bastard and pulls him along, making him crash against the wall behind him just as hard. It doesn’t do much towards Peter, but the guy will surely feel it.
“You let them go,” Tony points out to her. Natasha doesn’t flinch at all at the response. “T’Challa told them what you did. They’ll come after you.”
“Yaël!” Steve and Peter say at the same time, both with cheeks slightly colored red. Then Yaël closes her mouth, realizing where she was going with that line. Lowering her head, she holds up her hands again.
He let the plaid go and turned to her, standing with his both hands behind his back.  Every move he made, was gracious, like he was royal or something.
“Well, it surely isn’t as weird and awkward as I thought it was going to be,” Peter said while preparing his next spoon of ice.
Once Peter manages to get a good look at the inside, his mouth still manages to fall open. There’s such an open space here, seemingly endless place to move around. Mr. Stark already makes his way to what must be the living room, but it’s difficult to put the spaces in different ‘terms’ since there’s no wall separating the living room with the kitchen or the dining room.
He stops again, looking behind him. The light is still right there; there’s a straight line that divides the two places. Tony tries to turn back, but no matter how much he tries to get there, the light seems to be getting further away from him. So he stops, turns back to the dark.
Another angry guard tilted her out of the chair and roughly dragged her towards the weapon section. She tried to scratch his hand open, but the man dropped her dryly and told her to choose one weapon.
“Don’t worry, you’re not the first who’s tried. The hammer’s in public like this, so everybody in here can try it out. The person who can wield it can help granting protection to the realm so everybody’s pretty much hoping somebody other than Thor can pick it up.”
“You look amazing,” he says, taking her hand and squeezing it shortly before letting go of it again. After that, he hurries in Tony’s direction. Once Loki starts speaking, Stephen gets up and starts heading back to where Wong is. Meanwhile, Bruce stays seated on the chair next to Tony’s. Steve goes to sit on his other side, kissing Tony’s cheek as a greeting.
But Peter started to get slight panic attacks; with each police-car he saw, a vision of Gwen’s father followed him, staring at him in distaste at how he could break his promise like that. Peter lived with it for two months longer, but eventually he couldn’t take it anymore, breaking up with Gwen.
“You sure that’s all?” the Cap asks, as if he knows something more is going on. Peter just shrugs and looks away.
“Well, is it a possibility? To be dumped? Not now, just… in general?” Steve asks, uncertain. Tony stays quiet for a moment while he thinks that through.
Ross gives them the time to decide after that, telling them he’ll be back tomorrow to get their definite answer. The Four remain the moment he’s out of the room. Sue sighs, shaking her head while shoving the book away.
“Ho there, Tony,” Rhodey chuckles out, slapping him gently on the back. Tony can’t help but let out a long, shaky breath. Why is he feeling like he’s at the verge of crying?
"OKAY GUYS I SUGGEST WE HANG OUT AT YAEL'S WHAT DO YOU THINK?" Peter almost shouts out, literally pulling his friends out of the couch in an attempt to get away from these losers as quickly as he can.
?!” LL asks, helping Peter back on his feet. Peter allows him to pull him up, putting his hands on his knees while he tries to regain his breath. He’s probably not really exhausted, but just pretending to keep people from noticing anything weird.
,” she says. Steve nods once more before pulling back a little bit. Peter can see Mr. Stark grabbing Steve’s shirt, as if afraid to let him go. With a deep sigh, Peter steps forward and takes Mr. Stark’s hand into his own. Then Steve steps back to take out his own phone. In the background, Peter can hear him call after Dr. Cho, asking her to prepare the operating room at the Compound and explaining what exactly happened.
For three days after meeting with Peter, she felt comfortably numb. Probably because she told him everything, she talked about, but Yaël didn’t really overthink it, she didn’t really care. When Charles said anything about it, Yaël just waved it away. She really thought she was okay now, not feeling a thing, that must be the phase before going back to happy, right?
“Your girl?” Peter mumbles to himself, trying to think back of a time where Eddie had a girlfriend. One Peter might have stolen for some reason.
Steve listens without interrupting him. He nods when it’s required, and stays by Tony’s side the entire time. When Tony’s finished with admitting that Mary died, Steve looks down sadly before letting out a deep breath.
“You can’t be serious? You know nobody will sign this shit, right?” he counters. Ross raises his eyebrow at him, clearly unimpressed by his language.
Dum-E makes another appreciative sound – strange how he can do that, but not talk – and then he hurries back off to the side, starting to clean up Peter’s workbench a bit more. All the other desks in the room are already empty, the other interns and employees already back at home. Right now, other than him, there’s only one more security guard on this floor.
Peter smirks a bit and then puts his feet on the desk, only remembering afterwards that Steve wouldn’t like that. But Steve isn’t here, so there’s nobody here that is going to punish him for it.
“He was this guy I worked with at SHIELD, but turned out to be HYDRA. We kind of dropped a building on his head,” Steve explains shortly, as if that’s supposed to make everything clear. Tony still frowns, though, not really catching up but then deciding to just roll with it.
his fault. Why else would Tony pick up the bottle again after months of staying away from it? The phone call, Tony sounded like he was hurrying to hang up on him. Steve closes his eyes, pressing his fingers against them while he takes a few deep breaths.
“I don’t think that will be so easy. You see, you’ve been out for nine days,” X replied. “So standing up will feel a bit…wobbly.”
“Stop it! I’ll do this, you just stay down,” Peter tells him. Of course, Tony has been doing too much despite still being in recovery. He’s, as always, ignoring his health to keep himself busy. Peter gives him a disapproving glance. Tony relents, rolling his eyes and handing the plate back to him. Vision, too, stands up to help Peter along. Besides, the last time Tony tried to do the dishes, he destroyed all their plates with his new strength.
“Hi,” Yaël huffed. “Uh, can you just please tell me where I am and how I get out again?” “Oh, you didn’t get the Grandmaster-intro? You must be low rated then.” Was she supposed to be insulted by that?
Chapter 5! We're moving along, though the writing goes slow. It's a good thing the chapters are once a week instead of twice, otherwise I would have ran out of them already.
Steve arrives even earlier than FRIDAY had predicted. When Peter hears the doors from the elevator ‘ping’ again, he turns around to see the Captain walk out, looking angry and scared at the same time. The moment he sees Peter standing there, he runs up to him.
Peter snorts again, wondering when he’s ever been careful. For the past few days he’s been wandering around in the compound, checking out the place and figuring out where everything exactly is. He’s been planning this for a while, waiting for the right opportunity. The best one is when both Steve and Tony are distracted, since they’re the ones who will mostly be looking for him. The others probably think he’s already heading back home.
“Yeah, so do I,” Peter jokes. Then he lets out a deep breath, like he’s hesitating on telling them something. It’s clear he eventually decides to keep his mouth shut, but now Tony finds himself curious as to what he was about to tell them.
There’s a knock on Peter’s door that wakes him up. For a moment, he thinks it’s just a part of his dream, and that there’s nobody out there. It’s proven wrong when Harry’s voice sounds on the other side of the room.
There he learns about Litiosexuals (experiences attraction but doesn’t want it reciprocated, or not wanting to be on the receiving end of sexual contact), apothisexual (not experiencing attraction at all, repulsed by even the idea of it. Three people, including Nat held up their hand at that), Fraysexual (Feeling attraction towards strangers but having it fade once they get to know them – nobody holds up their hand), Cupiosexual (wanting a sexual relationship but not experiencing the attraction), and more things like autochorisexuals, placiosexuals and abrosexuals.
“Who else is going to do that when you get married?” Yaël frowned as she thought about a detail she was missing there. She didn’t have a father to dance with, nor one to walk her to the aisle or repair stuff for her when she didn’t know how to do it. She didn’t have a dad to save her with the small things of life, like the daddy’s shoulder to cry on or a dad who’d protect her from the big, tough world. Maybe not all fathers are like that, probably not.
“So, what? You just decide to throw my plates and start shooting at my floor to proof that this guy can swing from one building to another? There are other ways to do that, Wade!” Yaël barked, Wade flinched a bit.
“Uh, hi fellas! What’s going on here?” he asks casually, trying not to think too much about the fact that there’s a gun pointed at him.
have no clue what you’re talking about. You’re sure it’s me and not just some copy-cat or something?” he tries.
When they’ve been outside for almost twenty minutes, another sound comes up. It’s an aircraft, from the sounds of it. Peter figures the Guardians must have arrived, perhaps. With a short look at Yaël, the three of them start heading towards the landed aircraft.
Tony groans, pressing his face against Steve’s shoulder while the Super Soldier starts laughing. Peter, too, lets out a chuckle. Then he leans against the door opening and crosses his arms.
Yaël was actually the one he wanted to hang out with. It’s been a little while since he last saw her (that must be when she came to his house with ice cream and the old Superman-movies back when he was still stuck at home with his wound).  The fact that she’s not answering makes it clear to Peter that, while she’s been there to look after him, he hasn’t really done the same for her.
“Tony, please, don’t go,” Steve begs of him. Tony turns around immediately. His breath speeds up, his hands are balled into fists.
Tony can’t sleep. His painkiller doesn’t seem to be working, and there are too many ideas going through his head. The only thing he wishes he could do is mess around some more in the workshop, continue on his project. But Steve left his stupid crutches behind, and Tony can’t stand on his stupid leg.
Just half an hour later, someone politer than Surge knocked on the door before walking in. This time, it was Dust, who, of course, searched for an escape from all the happy teens with their parents. According to Wade’s gossiping which later got confirmed by Scott, Wolverine found Dust, or Sooraya, as a slave in Afghanistan. So there was no question that her family wasn’t able to come to the school, as nobody even knew who or where they were.
“I mean, if you don’t want to, I’d understand. It’s something you wanted to do with her and maybe this is all just a reminder of what you’ve lost, and maybe this was just a stupid idea and forget about it let’s just go back to-“
“No, firecracker, actually I’m not,” Ben counters. “We fly and go where-ever we want, trying to make things better but sometimes making things worse. Maybe we
“No, no, I’m not going to,” Peter assures her, looking at the screen and quickly typing down the number. Luckily, he knows it by heart. He could call Aunt May as well, but the chances are that Tony’s already having a search party out for him so it’s probably prudent to call for him first.
“Dude, you’re skipping classes? Not cool,” Johnny mumbles at him. Peter flips him off without giving him a glance, reaching for his energy drink and taking a large swing. “Aren’t you like the biggest ball of energy around? Do you really need more than that?”
And for that, the man starts with the Soldier. Bringing up his crimes under the influence of HYRDA, Peter notices the man almost shrinking in his seat. Especially with all the eyes trained on him. Except for Tony’s, who is simply staring ahead, refusing to turn around.
“P-Peter, where did this suddenly come from?” Aunt May finally asks after a while. She’s giving both pamphlets short looks but she doesn’t open them, instead lowering her hands as her eyes meet his again. Her face looks confused, but at least not angry.
But to make it worse, other members of the Avengers have joined. Not all of them, but he can still see Sam and Clint, with Scott next to them. Natasha’s there, too, though without Bucky. To make it worse, there’s a whole crowd of people standing there as well.
Not that he minds, he seems to find her a good conversation-partner, despite the fact that she often doesn’t respond to his stupid jokes.
“Alright, I suggest we head out? Then at least the young ones can have some time for themselves,” T’Challa suggests to Tony, who shrugs and nods in return.
This hurts Tony for some reason. The idea that Peter’s going through so many things that he would actually cheat on his girlfriend. It doesn’t sound like him at all, and Tony aches inside for knowing how much is bothering him.
“You’re not seriously going to tell them now, are you?” Steve asks, voicing Natasha’s thoughts almost perfectly.
“I’ve enjoyed this morning lie-in very much, Steve,” Tony starts. Steve’s smile falters a little bit, as if he’s afraid about what’s coming next.
Oh, how he thought he was on the winning side, but he was actually just pushing all the wrong buttons. Yaël softly scraped the tips of her toes over the gravel before she put her foot down and in a blink of an eye, Jason’s feet sunk a few inches in the stone and mud, which hardened around his ankles, so he wasn’t able to walk anymore.
couple to say the least, but somehow they worked good together. MJ opened up more, becoming a more and more pleasant person to hang around with and actually involving her friends into her social justice-activities. And Harry, in turn, changed as well; being more humble and less obvious about how rich he is… It’s a bit of a shame, really.
“With trouble, and lots of vows of silence, people helped me through it, but I had been instructed to take these,” with that, Mr. Stark fishes out a bottle of pills, shaking it around a bit before lowering his hand and fumbling around with the lid. “The year I met your mother has been when I was allowed to stop taking them completely.”
“Do Tony and Steve fight as much here as they do in my universe?” Peter asks jokingly the moment they get on the ground. Gwen frowns for a bit, but then sighs.
“He can’t show you!” Steve shouts in panic. Daisy, who had been reaching her hand towards Tony, pulls her arm back as if she was about to be burned. Confused, she looks back at Cap in search for an answer. “The, uh… the suit keeps him alive. He’s immune-system is weak, and taking it off could kill him!”
“Of course, I do,” Steve finally says. Tony drops his hand, but keeps his gaze down. His fingers nervously rub on the scar on his chest. Peter reaches his hand out for him, but too far for him to touch.
“Dude, you’re making things up,” Peter says, punching him in the arm. Ned lets out a little cry of surprise and then rubs his hurting arm.
Yaël turned the chalk against the board again, looked at it and immediately wiped it away again. She tried again, but failed over and over. Then she finally threw the chalk down and looked at the clock. Okay, so she had been trying to draw a circle on the chalkboard for about twenty minutes. She put her hands on her hips and let out a frustrated sigh. Then Yaël turned back to her students.
Barnes gives him a frown before accepting the handshake Peter is offering. “I’m sorry, I don’t remember you?”
She took a step away from the window. No, wait, she shouldn’t leave the window, it was her safe-space. After another step, and another one, and yet another one, she was already standing in front of her closet. Maybe there was a way to let X know she needed help, so she tried to mentally contact him, which didn’t work of course, since she wasn’t the telepath here. Her hand reached for the bottle. No, this was so wrong. Yaël quickly put it back down again.
“No, I’m going to test all I want,” he suddenly starts in a strange act of surprising bravery. He stands up from his chair, surprising everybody in the room, including himself. “Because for
Heavy references towards Amazing Spider-Man two. We started writing this story before Homecoming came out, so we based ourselves totally on Peter's past, including the fact that the Spiders they created were modified with Richard Parker's blood.
By the time his Royal visitors and traitor best friend have left, Tony lets out a long breath. That fake smile that has been plastered on his face the entire evening finally disappears. He loosens his shoulders, rubs his neck and looks down at the floor.
,” he says. Natasha gives him a wink, eventually running off towards Clint. When Steve’s eyes crosses Peter’s, he shrugs. “Don’t tell your dad any of this.”
“Peter!” May calls out, getting back on her feet and running up to Peter. She pulls off his mask and checks his face. “I was so worried! Are you alright?”
“Holy shit, you went to Asgard?!” Peter asks enthusiastically. He really needs to call Tony! “Wait, now that you’re back, will you spend Christmas with us? I’m sure it would cheer Tony up a bit! He’s got so many things to tell you, I’m sure!”
Friday explains calmly. Peter shudders a bit at the idea that, even though she sounds extremely human, she’s still a program designed by Mr. Stark.
He knows that the others are talking about it as well. He can hear them whispering in class, talking during lunch. On his way to his locker, they’re on about it; could it be drugs? Could it be cancer? Was he drunk? It’s news about an Avenger, and nobody is going to let it go, he knows.
Tony nods with tears in his eyes. Peter helps him put his legs back into the bed and pulls the covers back over him.
After a few minutes of just talking and joking, Steve finally announces that he’s ready. The interview dies down for a bit, and then the curtains go up.
“Right,” Tony returns. He clears his throat, sniffing his nose. Why are his eyes stinging like this? Shit…
“I just know things; how’s MJ by the way?” Wade asked casually. He was way too relaxed for someone who just almost got frozen to death. On the other hand, Yaël knew she couldn’t have killed him. But right now, she wished she hadn’t stopped freezing him, so his head would be frozen too, because he didn’t look sorry at all.
And all Tony can hear is Steve begging him, asking him to stay with him, not to leave him. And the moment the song is over, Tony can’t help but put his hands on Steve’s cheeks and pull him forward for a strong kiss on the lips.
Tony’s lying in Peter’s bed, much the same way May did in the past days. Peter’s asleep; he’d been awake for the entire evening just explaining to Tony how he practically hates his own existence and admitted to his fears of never being enough. Tony had listened to him, but other than assuring Peter that he
The door was already open. Of course it was, Peter’s aunt had let Yaël in via the intercom so she knew who was going to walk through the door.  The handle was wet and Yaël immediately noticed why: miss May was doing the dishes.
Peter stays quiet. He knows that he got the vaccine when he was a kid, but that’s about it. Nobody really talks about these kinds of diseases, so he knows close to nothing about it.
Raising an eyebrow, Tony gives the camera a look. He knows Peter can see him. That’s how he built the suit, after all.
“I don’t know, yet,” Tony mutters, giving the blurred image of the Black Cat another long look. “This girl might not harm anybody directly, but she can still cause lots of damage, you know?”
She didn’t really have it under control and wasn’t really doing anything to stop it. While the cabdriver turned the car around, Yaël looked at the compound, with the grounds around it all cracked up, the lights of the alarm still flashing through the gushing rain.
“Yo, lover-boy, you ever going to help?” Johnny suddenly asks while knocking on the door. Peter looks up, jumping out of the bed and almost literally running to the door.
After the news ends and a random movie starts up, Tony takes a deep breath, figuring that he should just do it. Get it over with.
“Hear about Hilde? Apparently she’s decided to head out at the end of the week,” Steve starts. Tony nods.
And a loud voice starts explaining; an explosion, there’s a possibility it’s by the hand of a terrorist, though they could also be mistaking. So far, the people missing in the rubble are Iron Man, Captain America and War Machine. Peter swallows through a lump in his throat.
“I suggest you talk a little louder, Peter, I’m sure the kids outside haven’t heard that,” he mutters towards him a bit jokingly. Despite that, Peter can still feel the tension.
The next indication that proves that he’s been out of it for probably a few hours is the sudden addition of another voice Peter quickly recognizes as Steve’s. If his body wouldn’t have felt like Thor’s hammer had been put on top of it, he would have jumped up from the surprise.When did Steve return?
“What’s this about?” she asks curiously, picking three small strands of hair and starting up the braiding process, pulling James’ head back a little to get a better view of her work.
Otto finally turns around, distracted by his wife’s shout of distress. Peter scrambles back up, pulling Tony along.
Mr. Stark points towards his chair, and Peter swallows before nodding. Then he sits down on his assigned seat, remembering how comfortable the chair had been last time, too. This is certainly a chair he could get used to, he figures.
The blur around Yaël suddenly disappeared. She was standing in complete darkness. In front of her stood a man looking like he was in his early thirties. He had long brown, wavy, messy hair and pointedly grayish blue eyes. Yaël was so thunderstruck, she ignored the man for a second and threw her arms in the air.
He clears his throat and turns to look back at Steve. For a moment he regrets not taking the shield along. Or the suit. He even wonders if Peter is wearing his right now.
Right when his vision starts to go black, the Goblin’s weight is gone and somebody is pulling him back out of the water, throwing him back down on the grass. Peter gasps for air, but accidentally breathes in some of the water that was still in his mouth, causing him to start coughing harder than ever before.
When he didn’t do that in her feverish nightmares, Raido just stood in front of her, tears running over his cheeks, asking her why she actually killed him. But she didn’t kill him, right? Not that she remembered, at least.
“Stay behind me, Peter,” Mr. Stark tells him, and Peter wants to protest, to say that he’ll be fine. But a normal teenage boy would shield away behind a hero whenever there’s real danger. If he wants to stay away from suspicion, pretending to be weak might be the better thing to do in this situation.
Steve tried to shrug, but instead he grunted in slight pain. Tony seemed to startle from it, clearly wondering if he should be asking for help.
“We both know he’ll be back,” he assures her. “So I probably heard wrong when Happy and Rhodey mentioned an Avengers-mission?”
“How is he liking MIT?” She actually sounds genuinely curious. For a moment, Tony thinks it’s a shame she never had any children of her own. That thought gets replaced immediately when he remembers that Pepper never
She wobbled around with Wade for a while. Walking went tiresome after laying down for so long. Her joints hurt from laying down on the floor for four days. After that, her friend started to cook for her. Nobody could ever say to Yaël again that Wade wasn’t a great friend. Okay, he’s crazy, but she’s there when his friends need him.
Also, I'm aware that Mary Parker wasn't a scientist. We're heavily playing with some facts here to get a story together, so not everything is like the original story! :)
“Your son, huh? Now that is a surprise,” Toomes mutters. Then the guard pushes him forward once again. Whatever else he wanted to say, he doesn’t get the chance. Tony pulls Peter along with him to the next post. There, they’re checked for weapons or devices once again. Peter holds up his hands to make it easier for them. When one of the guards touch Tony’s scar, he jumps back.
He almost falls onto his face when somebody bumps in on him on his back. In surprise, he turns around and finds a whole lot of red hair being swooshed in the air by the wind that has been blowing all day. She looks hurried, especially so when she starts making frustrated noises as her books all fall down on the ground.
“I can imagine something,” he says. Then he pulls away slightly and lowers his face until he’s close to Tony’s chest. With gentle touches he slowly kisses over Tony’s scars. A loud sigh escapes Tony’s mouth, not used to having anybody treat his scars with this much respect.
“Told you,” the black-haired man said proudly from behind her. But she didn’t hear him. There was another man, she just saw him when she turned around to search for any sign of the cage that had just caved in. He was sitting on the chair Cap sat in last time in her dream, when he was guarding her.
“Peter, I’m so glad you’re here,” Tony says with a hoarse voice. Peter just sits down on the chair and takes Tony’s hand into his own.
So now they have to pay. The problem is, the Avengers had never really told them how they were going to do that. They had just agreed not to be caught, or they’d had to do something in return that would no doubt be awkward for them.
“Sorry, I wish I could explain it to you, but even I don’t fully grasp why your queen is our sister, although I have a theory. I can’t stay any longer, Yaël, I’ll be back as soon as possible, but I still have to play my role here until I’m sure what the plans are to escape.” And with that, he disappeared.
“Ho-“ Tony starts to say, but his throat once again protests. Then he swallows once more and tries again. “How did you get in?” he whispers. He sees Cap shrug next to him.
Eventually, about ten minutes later, Tony emerges from his room as well. He looks the way Peter has always known him; goatee trimmed into perfection, face looking like he’s had every bit of rest in the world he needs. There’s the normal signs of aging on his skin, next to the greying into his hair and goatee. But despite all they’ve done to make him look presentable, Peter can see it in Tony’s eyes. The worry, the sadness, the lack of sleep.
The show is interesting; they ask about what the Avengers have been up to lately, what exactly has been new in their lives, details as to why Iron Man is temporary out of commission (Tony and Pepper put together a statement that they were allowed to share tonight if the subject would come up).
Steve nods, taking the device and turning down the volume. After Natasha’s happy with the result, she motions for them to get back outside.
the AI answers, and a picture of Peter comes up on the screen with ‘dialing’ written on top of it. It goes over for three more tones until, finally, somebody picks up.
“Sorry, shouldn’t have said that,” she mutters. “But c’mon Steve, I can’t let Peter go there alone! Can’t you see how nervous he is?”
“What? This is for me?” she asked. Wade nodded and that was for Yaël a sign to open it. Black, matte plates. A dozen of them.
Right when he thinks he’s got it, Venom kicks out. He’s no longer falling down, instead being pushed into an old building that’s being renovated. The glass doesn’t cut through the suit, luckily, but the crash still hurts enough for Peter to be disoriented for a bit.
She was surprised when she found the beverage in the back of her fridge. Wade jumped into her little, two-person sofa.
Mr. Stark asks, and Peter frowns for a bit. What’s it to him, after all? He should have just designed some balconies or something.
And as it shakily rises, Tony can read the number written on top of it. Wagon 5, E241 Street. On the side, there’s 6688 written with white paint. The thing doesn’t look like it’s suited for driving anymore, but even from the outside, Tony can see the cables and old screens stacked together.
“Never been better.” Tony resumes his run to the point where he gets to the hallway in front of Peter’s room, where he can see Steve, May and Rhodey with Strange. May has her hand on her mouth and obvious tears in her eyes. Steve looks sad, while Rhodey full of disbelief. It’s the latter that notices Tony coming up their way.
Steve blinks a few times, not really understanding it completely. Peter can't help but be at least a little bit impressed.
“Is there anything you can do, Bruce?” Tony asks the scientist the moment he joins him. Bruce shrugs.
His hair has grown ever since the last time Tony saw him back at the compound. His beard still hasn’t been shaved. Despite that, he still looks like a goddamn model.
There’s a fight. It’s messy. Tony can’t really say what’s happening because everything is moving too fast. With red anger flashing in his vision, he seemingly sees everything happening at once. First, there’s Steve trying to pull him away from Barnes. Then he’s warning Barnes to get out, and Tony misses only barely. Barnes tries to escape, Tony chases after him.
Tony opens up his eyes, seeing in front of him a dark, unfamiliar room that doesn’t even resemble anything that he owns in the tower
“Whatever you just said, fuck you, too,” Rhodey returns affectionately. Before Peter knows it, he speaks up as well.
They’re at the shelter, handing out plates full of food to the kind people in front of them. Ignoring every bit their nose smells, they stay in place and don’t let it show that it’s actually smelling
Tony stops whatever he’s doing, just staring ahead of him. “Oh, right,” he mutters out. Then, in just a fraction of a second, a loud noise fills the room. It’s hurting Peter’s ears, to a point where he thinks they might even start bleeding. Steve, who had been on the ground now starts covering his own ears while letting out a loud shout. Tony gently hovers towards him and puts some sort of headphone on him.
“What?! No!” Tony taps his head then. “I’m human, as much as you are. It’s just a suit that’s stored inside my bones and comes out when I tell it to.”
“Is it bad that I kinda wanna taste your bread?” Tony frowned, popping a piece of Steve’s loaf in his mouth. Steve glared at him and swatted his hand away.
“You’re getting a talk about what is and isn’t appropriate to doing public when this is all over,” Fury hissed at Steve before walking away to join Mary at the front of the tent.
That wasn’t even as stupid as it sounded. Photos from the set of last week’s taping had leaked onto every social media site, as expected, and their relationship was public knowledge within minutes of them having gotten home. Steve hadn’t cared too much, really, but the public was going wild, both about their relationship and the fact that they were now competing against each other, and there were actual websites rallying people to join “Team Cap” or ”Team Iron Man”. The Avengers were more popular in England than they had ever been before.
Steve and Tony walked hand-in-hand down the hallway, too absorbed in each other to notice the other students’ knowing glances and lewd smirks. Tony’s hand was entwined in Steve’s, and the couple kept pausing every couple of steps to share a quick kiss, leaving many of the other students disgruntled.
“One and a half-ish,” replied Tony as they walked up to the large lake in the middle of the park. “You were there for his second birthday party, remember?”
“Bucky’s idea,” he said before looking Tony over again. His intense gaze gave Tony the feeling he was being x-rayed. “This was not what I expected.”
His arms were still wrapped tightly around Tony’ waist, but as soon as Tony started kissing him back, happy and fierce, they made their way up his body to cup his cheeks, as if they had a mind of their own. Maybe they did. Steve’s own mind was too busy short-circuiting at the fact that he was
“We got to the safehouse, and everything hurt. Tony said he could fix my leg, and I remember a flash of pain. That’s about it.”
“I believe so,” he said thoughtfully, “but it may not be easy. My brother is not easily found when he wishes to hide himself, and some forms of magic, especially the ones that involve such a large change, cannot be fully reversed.”
Steve stared out of the window, into the swirling snow, and the beautiful Christmassy scene outside their cabin. It hadn’t felt like Christmas for a long time, he realized, not when he and Tony were too busy bickering to try to make their home seem festive or cheerful.
“That was a very hard decision we had to make,” she said kindly, ignoring Fury, who had rolled his eyes beside her. “Of course, you all made mistakes, but that is part of the competition, and a valuable learning experience. Still, only two of you can go forward.”
“I am sorry, Tony, but Clinton has paid me to not let you—” Thor broke off, stuttering wildly as he stared at something behind Tony. “I mean, I am… it is an Asgardian tradition to drink a full cup of this delicious coffee every full moon day!” He stared behind Tony again. “I mean, on every Monday!”
“Blizzard,” Steve said, leaning down to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. Tony closed his eyes, relaxing for what was probably the first time since he’d started working as he leaned into Steve’s touch.
“Steve, that’s just pure favouritism, you know that?” said Natasha. She was wrestling with her own mixture, which resembled Oobleck more closely than it did pie dough. “I suppose you couldn’t help me out?”
“And when you do, there’s gonna be an emergency in Tokyo, or it’ll be parent’s night at Peter’s school, or there’ll be an Avengers-level threat we need to fight,” Tony grumbled, snuggling harder into Steve’s side. “We haven’t spent any alone time together in
Tony had already stopped paying attention, now approaching Thor who sat there sipping coffee off the biggest mug Steve and Tony had ever seen. It was almost the size of a soup bowl, and Tony hoped Thor would be willing to share a little of it.
Pepper sighed for what seemed like the fiftieth time that hour. “You can look as good as we can make you, Tony, but you gotta at least smell a little bit like you didn’t just walk out of a brewery!”
So Steve did, watching Tony and Thor battle Clint in what seemed like a match to the death. It was only when Clint waved a white handkerchief out of the grills on the floor — and Steve seriously needed to ask him
“And none of you thought it would be a good idea to tell me?” The others could practically see the steam coming out of his ears, and Bruce made a quick, quiet exit. “What the
, because being literally frozen in ice for 70 years could change your perspective of the word, but they were pretty damn close. Steve was just looking forward to getting into some warm clothes and cuddling under their heated blanket with Tony in his arms. Maybe he’d even take the opportunity to stick his feet and hands between Tony’s thighs and watch him squirm.
“Fast healer, huh?” Steve says softly, tilting his head to get a good look at Tony’s leg. His voice picture perfect nonchalance, but Tony can hear something tight just beneath the surface, it piques his suspicion.
“Tony, listen to me,” Steve’s fists are clenched at his sides. “I know. I know it sounds crazy, I know you think I’m completely insane, but even you have to admit there are things happening to you that you can’t explain. Tell me right now, tell me you don’t feel anything at all. Tell me this,” Steve presses his hand to Tony’s chest, just a soft assuring pressure, Steve's there, it's okay, relax, “tell me this doesn’t make it better, that it doesn’t soothe all those unexplained feelings, anxieties. Tell me you feel nothing at all and I’ll never bother you again.”
“Tony,” Pepper repeats, calling for Tony’s attention as she places her hand on top of Tony’s own, stilling his fingers.
Through his lashes, Tony looked up at Steve, face flushed, lips parted. He looked like a god damned porn star, and all for a quick handjob on a conference table in headquarters.
Before he slipped his hand anywhere, Steve needed to get his fingers wet. And since he refused to travel with lube in his pocket, Tony’s mouth would have to do. He reached up to brush his knuckles against Tony’s cheek again. Tony leaned into the soft affection, eyes locked on Steve as Steve’s knuckles dragged closer toward his lips.
"See? It's not so hard to do as you're told." Steve teased, his hand slipped down Tony’s pants pulling Tony's cock out with one hand, adding even strokes to his shaft.
“It’s not fair to you for me to use my alpha abilities on you like that. I promise to never do it again.”
“Tony!” Steve shouts, but not even his alpha status would help on a full moon. “Tony, I know you’re in there, I know you can hear me. This wolf, this animal, don’t let it control you.”
Tony’s face went beet red, but before he could argue the driver had the door pulled open. Steve stepped out first, he tucked a bill into the driver’s hand and turned to wait for Tony. Tony, still rumpled, face flushed, pants open stepped out after, and averted his eyes.
At noon, Tony's phone buzzed with a text message from 'Capsicle' a little ice cream emoji next to the nickname. Tony didn't look away from the email he’d been reading. A moment later the phone buzzed again.
"I'd rather kill time than have you kill yourself. You're supposed to be a genius, why can't you think these things through?!" Steve pointed an accusing finger against Tony's chest.
“No.” Tony presses his hands to the beard on his face and shakes his head looking over himself in horror. “No no no, this is…this is too much. This is absolutely…this is impossible!” Tony shouts, his hands slamming down against the countertop in front of him. He can feel the marble crack under the weight of his palms, fingers gripping, knuckles white.
Steve pulled back and turned his cheek. “I’ll get the car. You get the coats,” he said in a tone that still sounded like a suggestion.
“Steve…” the genius pants, confused. He’s stopped struggling now, allowing Steve to simply rest on top of him, still straddling his waist.
Tony definitely doesn’t like the sound of that, nothing good ever came from the phrase ‘we need to talk’. It's what Obie had said before telling him his parents died, it was what Obi had said before he tried to kill Tony and take over his company. It was what Pepper had said just before she broke his heart. And even though Steve doesn’t know him well enough to hurt him on those levels, ‘we need to talk’ is never a good thing to hear.
Tony tensed when he felt Steve’s finger. It wouldn’t work, not without lubrication of some sort. He bit his bottom lip and focused instead on the large hand wrapped tight around his cock.
Steve aligned the papers with a light tap against the table, the glare still presenting itself at Tony. Steve then got up from his seat, his footsteps clicked loudly in the silent room, making his way to the other end of the table where Tony was still avoiding eye contact.
The brunet avoided eye contact, but did sink to his knees; knowing exactly what Steve wanted. Somehow it was what he wanted too, although he didn’t dare to steer his thoughts deeper into what drove him to want what Steve wanted. At least not right now.
“I should have told you,” Steve speaks through gritted teeth. Tony isn’t exactly sitting still for the conversation, but Steve knows he can hear his every word. Steve can feel every emotion Tony is, they’re bonded that way, even if they’re not truly mates.
“That’s not what I meant,” the blond sighs softly and sets the paper down. “How was your meal?” He asks, eyebrows raised.
Tony's feet were propped up on his expensive glass coffee table. Too expensive to be a foot rest, JARVIS has the receipts on file for tax purposes. He was relaxed though, dressed down for bed despite the early time. Steve was expected to arrive later, and Tony saw no reason to remain in business casual for that. He hadn't expected it when JARVIS announced the arrival of one Colonel James Rhodes, but that didn't mean he wasn't ecstatic.
