discount.” Her smile is sharper than a Doxy’s and John knows better than to ask for the salacious details.
What is that supposed to mean?” John interrupted, a prickle of indignation edging aside his awe at this strange creature reciting (most of) his secrets like they were written on his face.
As the car pulls up in front of his childhood home, the vague annoyance Sherlock was feeling disappears with the sight of his mother out front. Clutching his bag and violin, Sherlock approaches her warily. She looks vacant, dressed in just a light jumper as she scatters salt on the ground. More than half an inch of the stuff is already covering the entire walkway.
John doesn’t care. He can’t tear his gaze away from the gorgeous bloke in the long coat, and just stares dumbly. The man reaches the counter, sends Irene an absent smile and barely flickers his gaze in John’s direction.
Sherlock’s smile is small, and a little pinched. John has to look away as he realizes the implications of this conversation.
John hates it, but he feels a hot pressure in the back of his eyes, and has to blink it away. “Do you think Dad would mind?”
He stops needing to remind Sherlock about showers and laundry. Sherlock doesn’t flinch anymore when Victor’s name comes up in conversation. It’s progress.
“I thought I could let it go. I thought I could give you space and let you come to me on your own time, but it turns out that I can’t. It turns out I have trust issues the size of this entire planet and I’ve fallen for a man keeping a secret just as big!"
For a single moment, Sherlock smiles so soft and sweet. “Good morning.” John aches for this to happen every day. To wake up tangled together, tender and warm, over and over again. Then a cloud passes over Sherlock’s face as he remembers. In a heartbeat, Sherlock extricates himself from John’s arms and rolls out of bed, rubbing his eyes. “S-sorry! Again. About last night, about all of this. I really don’t know what-“
Within the hour, all this combined (with the devoted looks Victor shoots Sherlock’s way) are plenty enough to win them over entirely.
“Oh, alright. Sherlock! Come on over to team ‘Winners!’” There are “aww”s and “eww”s in equal volume as Sherlock moves to stand behind John’s shoulders, offering a kiss on John’s cheek as he passes. Their relationship has been a great source of amusement and distraction for everyone on camp these past few weeks. Many counselors and some campers had known and universally hated Victor. Luckily they found John a vast improvement. Had they not, John suspected he’d have made himself some enemies, and quickly. His boyfriend was utterly oblivious to the loyalty he inspired in these kids.
, Sherlock thinks, giddy. “John…” he tries to begin, but finds no words to say it all. Instead, he leans in and presses his mouth to John’s.
When they get to Regent's Park, Mike lets him off the blasted leash and John wastes no time bounding through the green space.
“But you’re Victor Trevor, L.A.’s most notorious womanizer,” Sherlock says, and John is reluctantly charmed by the reminder that Sherlock follows celebrity gossip as faithfully as the latest chemistry periodicals. Sherlock continues, “You literally have a song called
Merlin, John wishes he didn’t have to stop him. But this is important. John knows that sex between them is a big step, and he doesn’t want his secret lingering between them during their first time together.
And he looks…ethereal. The flashing green and purple lights cast dramatic shadows on his face, and Irene has lined his eyes to perfection. She must have put something on his skin as well because he's genuinely
After another soft kiss, just because he can, John leads Sherlock towards the bed so that John is sitting and Sherlock is standing in front of him. He takes a deep breath, because although he rehearsed this in his head a thousand times during the trip here, he’s still nervous.
a dressing room. Technically it was a repurposed handicap-accessible restroom, but Sherlock needed his own space to get into character before a show. None of the other male cast had complained about favoritism, as this arrangement meant less time spent in Sherlock’s presence.
The soft hair on John’s neck, where Sherlock has unthinkingly placed his hand. A rough tongue flickering past his lips. The side of his nose gently rubbing John’s. The mossy base note of John’s cologne.
“You’re making a mess of those beets, Sherlock.” He turns to glare at Molly who’s perched on the kitchen table, having invited herself over for dinner when she heard that John was in town. “You might have more success with them if you stopped trying to eavesdrop.”
Sherlock does not quite understand what’s happening here, but he cautiously decides to go along with it for the moment. “The stains on your textbook are from alcohol, several different varieties, and at least two years old; there are clear signs. If your brother’s
“Could you put these in water for me? Thanks ever so, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says, gently pushing her out of the door frame then shutting the door in her face. He spins around, cheeks rosy. John bites his lip to try and stifle his smile.
“Oh, great.” Irene said. “The eight-hour train to get there is very scenic. Quite romantic. You can use the time to explain that you’re taking him to a
Sherlock straightens his suit and watches John push Anderson away, his shoulders tense and square under a (
and Irene was in Molly’s bed but the point is that I wanted it to be special when I told you that I,” Sherlock takes a big breath, and exhales most of it with his next words. “Love you. Too.”
John’s eyes flickered to Sherlock’s lips, and back up. They pleaded with Sherlock, and begged him to understand.
, I don’t know anything about, Sherlock.” John groans. “That’s their business innit? Besides, who wants to think about their friends doing…that?” John squirms at the thought.
“I suppose that’s part of the reason I like them. Little kids do what they want, when they want. They’re open books. Sure, they can be sneaky, but they’re not duplicitous and false like adults so very often are.” Sherlock cleared his throat, realizing he might be revealing too much. But John was leaning in, his face so damn
shallow. It was also the man’s obviously brilliant mind and his sharp gaze and his velvety voice and, okay, yes: the high cheekbones that look like they could cut glass and the galaxy-colored eyes. John had only gotten a taste yesterday, a tease. Enough that now John wants to drown himself in Sherlock until he knows precisely what it was that drew him so strongly to this fascinating Muggle.
When Pranav tells John about a series of thefts in his neighborhood, John adds Sherlock to the call and watches him solve a crime that happened on the other side of the Earth.
John is growing redder, glancing around the cafeteria and trying to stammer out a denial over his mother’s excitement, when Harry takes pity and interrupts.
“Hm, let me try for a guess, then…Is this ‘dare’ how you ended up counselor to the littlest campers? I’ve been wondering.” There was sincere curiosity in his eyes and Sherlock was so gone on him it was unbearable. He
John nods to himself, toeing into his good shoes as he buttons up the new shirt. It’s been nearly a week since he’d finally asked Sherlock out, and tonight is their first date. They’d spent all day at the shop, trading smiles and winks and flirting at every opportunity.
It’s the early hours of the morning after a performance in Saint Louis, and John is splayed out on his bed, Irene on her phone in an armchair nearby.
Sherlock, apparently having decided that the candle is unimportant, redirects John’s attention to himself and dives in for another kiss. John makes a muffled sound of surprise, then lets himself melt into it, crossing his fingers that they don’t burn Angelo’s to the ground.
Sherlock wants to wrap this small, spectacular man in a hug and never let go. Instead, he asks (proud that his voice doesn’t falter), “Why are you telling me this?”
“Cheers,” John said, reaching out his hand towards Holmes. The boy looked John up and down, eyes narrowed.
Anderson, Stanley, and Sherlock walked in with several ensemble members, all in costume. They were an odd mix of modern and Elizabethan, to match the scenic elements. Sherlock was dressed head to sneakered-toes in black, save for a suitably long and dramatic cloak draped over one shoulder, which was blood red and embellished in gold. In his left hand he held a long-beaked black mask. John couldn't
“Well, you’ll have to go through me, first!” John shouted, desperate to divert attention away from Sherlock, and trying to kill time before the police arrived.
This… isn’t what John was expecting. It’s smallish, and has a golden wreath on the door, and he can see Christmas lights through the windows. It's so
“Helpless wizard boy,” she curses under her breath, manhandling him out of the way of the cash register and sending him stumbling towards the electric kettle. “She wants tea. All you have to do is boil the water.” Irene turns to the blonde and sends her an apologetic smile. “Sorry about him, Tess, it’s his first day. And apparently he was raised without any real-world skills.” John opts not to remind her that she technically spent most of her childhood living in the dungeons of a magical castle.
Everyone who rooted against them was wrong. James became John’s everything. His first time, his first love. Not his first kiss, but the first kiss he’d ever felt all the way down to his toes. The first boy that made John
“Erm, yeah. Sorry,” John said as he unfroze. Sherlock felt the weight of the microphone dropping into the belt, but John made no move to continue.
Sherlock, beside John, gasps in outrage. “They can’t just take Mrs. Hudson!” he cries, and before John can say or do anything, his lovely, ridiculous boyfriend is sprinting across the line into enemy territory. Sherlock dodges and weaves around the other teams’ players in order to tap Mrs. H out of jail. John is laughing at what a sap Sherlock becomes for Mrs. H when it happens. On his path back to safety, tiny Jim Moriarty barrels wildly towards Sherlock’s legs, and trips him up.
“No detentions this time. It’ll either be helping out John or me calling up your parents to let them know about the damages inflicted on my lab.” Sherlock winces. “But you help out John and I think we can call it even.”
Lips squished between Sherlock’s hands, John’s speech sounds a bit funny when he replies, “I’m glad.” It sounds more like ‘Um glud’
something to get over. Honestly I should’ve realized sooner that completely-straight blokes don’t think about their mate’s lips as much as I thought about yours, but then again I’ve always been a bit slow on the uptake-”
The thing is, Sherlock had ‘blown up’ Stamford’s science lab. Just a little bit. Barely more than singed, really. Everyone was just being
“Fine!” Molly snaps. “I called to gossip and get the dirt on Irene." Sherlock hears the woman's noises of indignation vaguely in the background. He's tempted to continue ribbing his friend for a while when she snaps, "But don’t you have a love confession to get back to or something?”
The door opens. A figure slips in, trips over something, grapples around for a light switch. Recognizing the man even in the darkness, Sherlock’s vocal chords decide to make an awful squeaking sound.
, it’s disconcerting to see her like this. Gently, he takes the empty bucket from her and wraps an arm around her shoulders.
“And, those bruises I saw on your wrist last week, when your sleeve fell down. You said they were from an accident during set construction, but they
The engine rumbles more loudly as it taxis out onto the runway. Sherlock watches out the window as they accelerate and lift off. That peculiarly thrilling moment of leaving the Earth’s gravity swings through his stomach, and they’re on their way.
“Music video!” Sherlock shouts, before he’s further incriminated. “He recognizes you from the music video. Anyway, I think it’s about time to say goodbye and get on the plane.” Sherlock takes his cases in one hand and John’s upper arm in the other and drags the man away.
John and Irene call regularly, and he even gets a few postcards with red lipstick stains, but it’s not the same. He wants to be back out on the road with his friends.
Sherlock surveys the children’s work, giving particular attention to Soo-Lin’s (delicately covered in Chinese script – astonishing dexterity and patience for a seven-year-old) and Jim Moriarty’s (violently splattered with liberal amounts of red paint). He adds the latter evidence to his mental catalogue of ‘Reasons Why this particular six-year-old must be watched carefully around sharp objects and campfires.’
“Did you know it was part of a chain?” John asks innocently, and tugs on Sherlock’s hand to begin leading him to the corner of Diagon and Horizont Alley. Sherlock stops pouting when he realizes that John is not leading them back towards the Leaky Cauldron.
“I was kidding, Watson! I was going to make a joke about taking a bullet for the bloke,” Greg said as he shot a surprised look towards the heart monitor. “But maybe we need to have a chat. You know, man to man, SM to potential-ASM.
When the next verse begins and Sherlock turns to face John again, there’s a wild smile on his face, which John returns around the lyrics he’s singing. His heart is pounding, more than it ever did in rehearsal, as he pulls Sherlock’s head down for the final beat of the song, lips almost touching. If John thought the audience couldn’t scream any louder, they do.
“Right.” Yes. This again. Sherlock takes a deep breath as he gathers the words he’d been mentally rehearsing all day. “I was talking about Miami. Um. Do you remember, when we were at the airport-”
A couple of weeks later, John ducked past one of the studios on his way to the Shop. He saw Sherlock through a window, and stopped dead. Sherlock wore a soft purple tee shirt and tight,
John pads silently behind Sherlock as they follow the vines out the bedroom door and into the sitting room of 221B. There are more flower buds in the hallway, starting to open as Sherlock weaves through them. Sherlock reaches the center of the sitting room, morning light streaming through the front windows, and does a full turn in wonder at the explosion of plant life.
“Are you sure it’s alright?” John asks yet again, fingers returning to ruffle through hair that feels far too short. He rocks his head side to side. It feels peculiarly light. And what if his neck gets cold?
and not anybody else, and that he doesn’t need to feel so nervous. He’s putting his heart in the safest place he knows: in the hands of his best friend.
Now faintly smirking, Mary explained. “You named the Scottish Play, John. But don’t worry, there’s a cleansing ritual you can perform to make it up to the theater ghosts. You have to leave the building, spit, curse, and spin around three times. Then all you have to do is beg to be let back inside, and we’re all set!” They were out in the hallway now, and quickly approaching one of the school’s exits.
In their fourth year, she’d eviscerated him in the first Gryffindor vs. Slytherin match, taunted him for days, then taught him the Porskoff Ploy and helped him to perfect his reverse pass. He was made Captain the next year.
crawl up his spine that sparks between their lips. Sherlock suddenly drags back, fingers hovering over his lips, like he had felt it too.
Horrified, John shakes his head. “I didn’t! I wouldn’t-“ John cuts himself off when Irene scoffs in disgust, and takes in a fast breath to explain. “We did go on that case. And it was marvelous! A-and I punched a criminal who was going to hurt him and then I walked him home and I started to ask him out on a date, but I- but something- I don’t know. I just... He was… I just couldn’t.” John shrugs, helpless to explain what had happened.
had said the name of the Scottish Play on stage, I’d probably’ve been tossed out of the production altogether.”
The door opens, and there’s Sherlock’s beautiful face, eyebrow raised and smirk in place. “Really John? Oscillating on the pavement?”
“You’re the one who said you’d never had a proper date before. I wanted to give you the authentic experience,” John teases, bumping his shoulder against Sherlock’s. “It’ll be fun. There’ll be beer, I’ll smoke you at bowling, and you can check out my arse when I bend over to pick up bowling balls.”
Sherlock. He misses talking to him every day. He misses the way Sherlock rolls his eyes at John’s dumb jokes and he misses the tiny wrinkle that appears between his eyebrows when he’s solving a case.
John shortly found himself on the wrong side of the studio door. His shoes followed in two clops, and the straining notes of a lone violin began again.
“That’s embarrassing,” Bill says. John jumps, and scowls up at his friend whom he hadn’t noticed creeping close enough to read over his shoulder.
With one last sympathetic look and a pat to John’s shoulder, Mrs. Hudson leaves, already tapping away at her mobile.
“It’s just, I tried going into his dressing area and he bit my head off, a bit. I know you two have been getting on recently, and I thought…” Molly trailed off. John looked closer and noticed the redness at Molly’s eyes and nose.
“Bit risky, isn’t this?” cried Sherlock’s voice, closer, the boy apparently just as defiant to unspoken requests as spoken ones. “Pulling out a gun in front of all these people?”
“What?” John cries. There’s Sherlock’s ‘deduction face.’ And here’s John, standing like an idiot, in front of a display of chocolates. Oh, fuck, Sherlock is going to figure it it out. “I’m. Not…doing that.”
There’s the clothes, first of all. He’s in a horrendous polka dot blouse that's been unbuttoned nearly down to his belly button, bell bottom jeans, and loafers.
“Like you’ve got a leg to stand on, Mr. Best Dressed.” John shoves James’ shoulder with his own, trying not to blush. As much as John likes to flirt, he’s not used to such bold attention from admittedly attractive blokes.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Obviously. I was referring to Irene’s dog, John.” Sherlock gestures towards the red collar and leash hanging on a peg next to the door.
The two of them bounce and bob and giggle and generally make Sherlock feel grateful that Mycroft is out for the night. By the time they’ve finished “Like a Virgin” (Sherlock had not, had
“Okay, okay. What is it?” John asks, rolling onto his back and blinking. The ceiling – there’s something on the ceiling. Curling tendrils of…John doesn’t know what.
“Oh, and look who’s heading this way.” (Sherlock very deliberately did not look away from the bar top.)
“Just from looking at you, at your clothes, at your body language, I know immediately that you’re a medical student with a scholarship that isn’t covering all your bills. I know you went to school with Irene and she’s the one who got you this job. I know you have a dog, and that you’re something of a technophobe. And I know…” Sherlock’s expression turns bemused.
A video of John’s Conan interview loads quickly, the show's theme shouting out of his laptop’s speakers before he has the chance to stifle them. John startles awake at the noise.
when he’s just been introduced to the literature and scholarly writing of an entire previously unknown culture?
John walked along with his new friends, already looking forward to next week, and placed Sherlock Holmes firmly out of mind.
John doesn’t get a chance to relish how pleasantly awkward the whole thing is. Irene’s shouted “Oi!” carries across the shop, loud and irate enough that he can’t ignore her. He turns to the counter and sees that a queue has formed while he sat with Sherlock. John didn’t so much as hear the door open, he was so entranced by his company. Like he was under some kind of undiscovered Muggle spell.
“What happened with Mary…broke my heart. Some days I thought we were going to be together forever. But when I look back on that time, I realize how much I never told her. How little I
named Victor you were apparently dating, and what he did…how you found him in bed with another bloke during your night off.” Sherlock winces, and John catches the expression. “I tried to stop Irene when I figured out what she was telling me, it didn’t seem like her story to tell, but she was bloody single-minded. Just kept talking, followed me when I tried to walk away. She…told me how you were her best friend and that if I jerked you around that she would come after me. God, I think she mentioned something about having a whip? I was mostly not listening by that point, just trying to process what she was talking about. So…do you want to tell me what that was about?”
John stretches out his hand, shaking it as pain blooms across his knuckles. Sure, there was some pain involved, but Muggle fighting was thrilling! He didn’t even mind the pain so much when he looked up and saw the exhilarated smile on Sherlock’s face, and the dark heated look in his eyes.
“That’s what the flowers mean, right? So. I love you. If I was a wizard, then after last night, this flat would be full of…honey bees and unsolved murders. Because I love you, too.” Sherlock sounds so matter of fact about it, like these aren’t the most stunning, precious words John has ever heard in his life.
wouldn’t appreciate (another) one of those calls. They had threatened to take away his home-lab if they heard from the school again.
Over the next few days, John slowly improved his typing abilities. Sherlock had a dry, sarcastic wit over text, which he often used to tease John. They texted back and forth for long stretches of time, and particularly often when John was meant to be paying attention to his Healing seminars. The Mediwitch who finally confiscated his phone during his rotation hours had given him and his phone a very peculiar look, handling the device like it was liable to explode.
“You mean me,” Sherlock teases. John knocks his shoulders lightly against Sherlock’s in rebuke. Sherlock hitches his blanket up so that it covers both of them and moves in closer to skim the words. “Is there a melody yet?”
John comes, collapsing beside Sherlock in a coma of oxytocin, and feeling like there might be Nargles in his brain and glow worms in his heart.
John hums, holding Sherlock’s waist and peering briefly around him to look at their dinner. “And those plans smell delicious.” He begins nosing at Sherlock’s neck, seemingly not very interested in the food at all. Sherlock shivers as John's lips trace along his nape.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Looking forward to it.” His dad is a good journalist when he wants to be, and a terrible gossip the rest of the time.
Since Sarah and Stan had left the crew, Greg was pressed for hands. He was operating the light board himself in addition to calling the show, and his assistant Sally Donovan had taken over Stan’s old job of finding and managing props. Billie had volunteered to fly scenery in and out from backstage and John would be running a spotlight from the balcony.
“Sherlock!” his dad cries cheerfully. “Your mum and I are at the Hooper’s for dinner. Molly left her phone on the sofa when mum dragged her into the kitchen for an interrogation.”
“Trevor.” John replies grimly, still looking at Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock perks up at the name. Victor Trevor may be an infamous prick, but his music videos always have stunning choreography.
and holds the note uncomfortably long, until the other instruments fade away, and there’s just his voice. As his voice, too, fades, there’s a moment of complete silence that feels heavy and thick all around him.
“Does that mean that we’re in a Speedy’s right now, but we’re also…at Speedy’s?” Sherlock asks, frowning at his own phrasing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but seemed to accept that John’s presence at his rehearsal for the moment. He turned off the music—something with a solo violin—and grabbed a water bottle. “It’s called ‘spotting.’ Helps to control balance and prevent dizziness.”
Victor releases Sherlock’s hand and turns on John with an exaggerated expression of hurt. “It’s not a
the time to bring up that single, drunken and inadvised shag in seventh year. Bill takes the hint, and backs up a step, hands raised defensively, but with a smirk on his face.
“C’mon Sarah, Stan, Billie, it’s not that big a deal, yeah?” John tried his new friends to no avail. He turned to Greg. “Greg, mate, you’re not really going to make me do this, are you?” Greg was one of the easiest-going blokes John had met, and as stage manager he held authority. Surely he wouldn’t make John do something so ridiculous. Many heavy palms continued to push him towards the door.
“Sherlock. Are you…” John stands, and paces a few steps closer to Sherlock, guitar still in hand. “Do you.
Just before closing time, Sherlock packs up his things and leaves the shop without a word. After staring after where he’d disappeared for a moment, John chases him out onto the pavement.
The lights are flashing pink and purple and John feels giddy and weightless as the song finishes and the club erupts into cheers. John and Sherlock give little bows to the small crowd they’ve accumulated. A few people shake John’s hand or give him a slap on the back, but mostly they’re left alone.
“Try what?” Sherlock asks, suspecting (hoping) what John’s asking for, but afraid that he might be wrong. Even after a decade, the sting of rejection feels raw.
“Mary, my compliments to you as well,” Sherlock said, entirely sincere. Some of John’s reservations towards Sherlock thawed at his honestly spoken words. “You deserved the part. I only regret that you have to play against that failure of natural selection.”
with Sherlock, and with the rest of them. When Molly and Irene continue to chastise Sherlock and John for their male privilege, Victor joins in enthusiastically. At their shocked expressions, he shrugs and says, “Ex-girlfriend wants to be an equal rights lawyer.” And just like that, John has a new friend who will discuss the perils of bisexuality with him as well as someone to talk sport with, now that James is gone. Victor has a morbid sense of humor that keeps Sherlock and Irene entertained, and adorable stories about a young niece for Molly.
John wasn’t sure whether or not he was ready to tell the truth to anyone about his dad just yet. He really believed that he could handle himself and his dad for the next year and a half. After this many years living with the bastard, he might as well stick it out. Where would he even go if they arrested his dad? Foster care? His mother was hardly fit to care for him. The woman just drank and wailed and cried. It was a miracle John’s father hadn’t turned on her over the years. John hated to admit it, but he wasn’t sure he would have found it in himself to put himself between her and his dad the way he had Harry.
pick up for the umpteenth time. John is sick of this one, written whilst he was stewing in sexual frustration over his producer’s son James. It hadn’t ended happily, and now the song leaves a sour taste in John’s mouth whenever he has to sing it.
Sherlock draws an unsteady breath, and tries to pull away from John’s arms. John holds him tighter, which sets off another round of crying. John holds him steadily, strokes his back, until Sherlock is ready to answer.
She eyed John knowingly. “I can see what you like in him,” she continued as if this were not hideously embarrassing for John. “He’s gorgeous, of course, but smart as a whip too. And just
we fly to Tahiti and elope but my Jamie wanted a real ceremony with his sisters there and all. And I can’t help but give him anything he wants.” James chuckles as he strokes a hand through Victor’s hair.
The second they’re on the plane and out of view of the Holmes entourage, however, John turns to him with a shit-eating grin. “Mummy?” he asks.
Although visibly wary, Sherlock agrees, and the pair of them pull on their shoes and jackets as John chatters about what’s showing at the moment. They spend the day hopping between theaters, watching movies until they end or Sherlock gets bored, tossing popcorn at the screen and eventually getting chased out by an angry manager. It’s past nightfall when John drops Sherlock back home. Despite the distant looks that John has to keep chasing out of Sherlock’s gaze, a sense of familiarity, and of normalcy, has been restored between them.
John glances back up at Sherlock to see him biting the inside of his cheek, still looking warily down at him. “I’ve. Registered for classes at Oxford.”
“You’ve weren’t stupid at any age, Sherlock. If either of us was stupid that night, it was me. And I won’t ever forget.”
“Sherlock. Sherlock- SHERLOCK!” John shouts over his boyfriend's frenzied deductions. It seems that Sherlock needed only one crucial piece of data in order to extrapolate the entirety of the wizarding world.
By the time they step out of the cab, John is practically vibrating, a sizzle of adrenaline pumping through him. Sherlock zeroes in on the drop-off location as easily as if he had cast a tracking spell on Pearce.
Thank you for your patience with this update! May be some more delay getting the last few chapters out (2-3 more, I think!)
Sherlock knew very little about love but he was beginning to know a lot about John Watson. John wanted to join the army. He shot guns when he wasn’t busy on weekends. He forewent safety precautions in the Shop when nobody was looking. The boy
The warm, firm grip of Sherlock Holmes’s hand leaves tingling aftershocks with John long after it’s ended.
John gestures to the far corner of the room, just past Sherlock, where an ancient-looking cardboard cut-out of his younger self is propped behind a low table. Sherlock turns his head curiously to look, yelps, and rolls out of bed naked to shove the figure into a wardrobe, John’s giggles accompanying the movement. With a dramatic groan, Sherlock crawls under the duvet, head and all. “Can we pretend you didn’t see that?” comes his muffled voice.
In the young hours of New Year’s Day, John gets an empty text message from Sherlock and knows something is wrong. He races to Sherlock’s address and sees the lights are out. He locates the ceramic lizard that holds a spare key, and is soon racing around the house to find his friend.
Sherlock softens at yet more evidence of what a romantic John is. This is exactly why he had come up with tonight’s impromptu picnic. Resolve to make this moment special burning in his gut, Sherlock sets aside his plate and moves in closer to John (not that there had been much distance between them before).
“Exactly. But back to important matters, since we’ve already interrupted." Irene approaches Sherlock, phone first. "Sherlock! John Watson's elusive, mysterious dancer Sherlock Holmes. My loyal followers are ever so curious about you.”
What did that mean for his military career? Was he going to recover? Was everyone else okay? The beeping on John’s heart monitor sped up rapidly as John began to hyperventilate. John heard the brisk patter of footsteps and a nurse pulled open the hangings around his cot.
“Sherlock’s doing okay, John. He’s a bit shaken up and pretending not to be. Kind of charming, really, that male stoicism. A lot like someone else I know.”
When a month has passed and James still hasn’t opened up, John goes to Sherlock. They’re sprawled together on John’s crappy couch as
“I wouldn’t say that.” A sly expression flits across the man’s face as he looks John over once again. It would almost look flirtatious, if it weren’t for the careful, calculating power behind his gaze as it flicks over different parts of John’s body. John takes a small step backwards in response to the intensity of the man’s attention.
Sherlock is shaking his head, looking horrified at the sight of John’s hand in the fire. “I’m sorry, but no. The magical pet store was great and thank you for the books, but I think stepping into a great pit of fire is my limit for one day. I’ll walk.”
“Yes, they’re just keeping him in hospital overnight for observation. He’ll be off his feet for a while, though.”
There’s something bright and a little wild in Sherlock’s eyes as he answers, “Yes! That is a little crazy! Considering you’re about to tell about a billion people at once next month!”
“Pearce has a pocket knife. The other one’s unarmed.” Sherlock checks his watch, then curses under his breath. “This is happening too fast! There’s a pair of constables about to come around the corner on afternoon rounds. If we could just cause enough of a scene to delay the deal...” Before John has a chance to say anything, Sherlock steps out from behind the skip where they’d been crouched and starts shouting at the thief, Adam Pearce.
theatre, despite the fact that he’s a decent actor. Perhaps just uses it as an excuse…not…to go…home.”
. John would bet twenty quid that Sherlock showed the same disregard for safety with a real gun in his hand. Plus, Sherlock totally
Sherlock groans. “But that’s during performances, with ten thousand people who paid for a show. I’m talking about during
John beams at Sherlock, a bright dazzling thing. “Okay, great then! Maybe, we could get dinner sometime this week?” Sherlock opens his mouth to reply but John beats him to it. “You know what? Never mind. We can figure all of that out later. Right now, I want to dance with you. I haven’t danced properly in years, and now thanks to you I don’t have that bloody cane to contend with. Plus, I think I owe you one. What d’you say?”
John followed Greg’s gaze to see a tall, slim boy exiting the door to the auditorium, a smug expression on his face. And what a face it
John chuckles. “Changing my image was Irene’s idea. She told me I could either be Justin Bieber or Miley Cyrus.”
John turns to Irene, who’s smiling politely at a customer as she makes her change. She glances back at John, eyebrows raised.
Edit! I wrote 4,000 words tonight after posting this...so if you haven't seen the final chapter by Sunday, you are encouraged to poke me or something and tell me to finish this fic already!
“Speaking of fun, one thing we haven’t heard much news about lately is your love life.” There is a chorus of “oohs!” in the audience as John smirks out at them. It’s fascinating to see this from John: the cocky celebrity version of himself he presents to the public. Beside Sherlock, the real John is busy covering his face and groaning.
. Ex-teen heart throb singing sensation that Sherlock has had a hopeless fanboy crush on since he was thirteen and the Watson siblings burst into national awareness. With their twin blond heads, sparkling blue eyes and bright white smiles, it seemed like moments before they were touring the country with their album and guest starring in movies and television shows.
“Wipe that hopeful look off your face, Johnny-boy! Lady Capulet only has a few scenes. I’ll have plenty of time during rehearsals to stop in and annoy you here.” She winked, still glowing from the news.
John and Harry groan. Their mother is well-intentioned when it comes to politics, but she errs on the side of
When the elevator doors open out onto the lobby, they reveal two young men bent nearly double, one clutching the other’s shoulder for support, the other wiping a tear from his eye.
Just as Anderson pulls his fist back for another strike, he’s yanked away from Sherlock like a puppet on a string.
. You should have seen it. He read me like a legilimens, deduced my animagus form without even knowing magic
He feels less empty when Irene and Molly are loudly explaining feminism to Sherlock, and when he and Sherlock are chasing down a bicycle thief, and when they all gather around John’s laptop on movie nights to call James.
He was supposed to keep his head down until graduation. Not lose his head over a bloke he’d just met. But he remembered Sherlock’s warm breath puffing out against his ear and chuckled, shaking his head. This was a dangerous game. John liked a bit of dangerous.
Updates may slow down: work is crazy busy for the next few weeks. But at least that means I'm working!! Bill Murray and I are both living that freelance lifestyle.
“Anthea, you’ll go first, distract their first line of defense. Do your adorable face with the big eyes that makes Greg melt – yes, that one, good girl. Jeanette and David, you two will follow, split directions and take the attentions of the jail guards. Mrs. H, you trail them a moment later to make sure everyone on the far side of the field is sufficiently distracted. Molly wouldn’t dare tag you. I’ll sprint in, get Sherlock out of there, and get us back. Anyone who gets jailed for the sake of the mission, we’ll launch a secondary rescue mission for you. Everyone understand? Any questions? Good. Team break. Operation: Capture the Sherlock…GO!”
A girl behind John - preoccupied with her phone - walked straight into him and caused them both to crash into the door of Sherlock’s studio. Sherlock's head snapped up at the collision and John saw him roll his eyes. Nonetheless, Sherlock walked over to let in a sheepish, apologetic John.
have plenty of pettiness to spread around. And I’d very much prefer to go on hating him on your behalf, if you don’t mind.”
John steeled himself as Anderson began a lumbering move intended to try and disarm ‘Tybalt’ before anyone ‘died.’ Except this time, Anderson had no idea of the real danger he was in.
She tugs down each sleeve of her jacket. “Execs from the label called. Victor will be joining us in Las Vegas this weekend.”
John clutches a hand to his chest dramatically. “You would choose Victor Trevor over me? That ponce doesn’t even write his own lyrics!”
“The real you.” Sherlock looks down at the hand he still has captured in his own and starts to lightly stroke it. “The very talented, absurdly romantic and sentimental, down-to-Earth, bloody
. The way you go on about him, the way you talk about Victor, like you've had a missed opportunity. What’s the problem?”
“I’m so tired of watching you wallow around, pining and afraid of taking a leap. It hurts. Our agreement only worked so long as there wasn’t anybody else in the picture. You know
of an enormous marijuana plant. Something odd, not quite in place, but accepted for what it is. And when I got too old to be a camper, Mrs. Hudson hired me as a counselor. The campers and staff take me for granted, simple as that.”
pursuit. That this wasn’t just some petty, immaterial thing, as his brother believed.  He was glad John was watching him and lighting him up for the world to see.
James barks out a laugh. “Y’always were a bit thickheaded, John. Need a good, solid whack over the head before you understand these things.” James leans back into Pranav’s arms, and twists to look up at him. “Have I told you the story of how John and I got together in the first place? I used the ‘I have a fake date and need to practice kissing, with you of course’ scenario on him.” They share a laugh while John scowls.
As he starts through the doorway into the living area, John is shutting off his phone. Sherlock takes in the sight of candles burning down to nothing, their meal half eaten, and feels suddenly exhausted by this charade.
After the choreographed dip, Sherlock lets his hands drag up his chest as he pulls back to standing, snaps his head away to the left and back towards the mirror, and winks. There’s sweat pouring down his neck and his heart rate is pleasantly elevated.  Nothing can stop him. When the song ends, Sherlock’s chest is heaving in exhilaration.
More daisies. Fresh chains of them, curling around Sherlock’s wrists and forearms and blooming atop his hair into a riotous crown of curls and petals as flowers open before his eyes.
He does know. Stupid, lovely John Watson, of course, with his fit tanned legs and enormous smile and unattainability.
The man then has the nerve to pluck one of Sherlock’s earbuds from his ear. Sherlock freezes, and slowly turns his head to turn a disbelieving glower on this stranger. John tenses, ready to step in should Sherlock need any help. Or step away, if Sherlock decides he likes the look of the man, thinks a small insecure part of John.
It’s early morning. So early that there’s not even sunlight leaking through the curtains. John blinks slowly awake, extra warm, something tickling at his nose. Curly hair.
But that’s not the worst part. On John’s head is a long, curly, blond wig. And on his face is the biggest, smuggest grin Sherlock has ever seen as he raises his fists and twirls around for the cheering crowd.
he turned it off. John thought that finding himself lauded as some kind of hero would be the worst news he received that day.
John didn’t have much trouble pretending. He watched unfathomable gray-green eyes as long as possible as he spun before whipping his head around. Each turn was like flinging himself off of a diving board, only to find himself caught each time by warm green pools of water.
John chuckled. “Y’know, I wouldn’t have took you for the superstitious type. You’re all,” John waved his hands towards Sherlock’s head as he searched for a good word. He gave up. “Brainy, and stuff. Do you also believe in ghosts?”
He was never going to survive the night. The potent combination of tequila and John’s glittering blue eyes was lethal. It would kill him.
John snaps back to reality. “That was brilliant, Sherlock! How did you know just what it needed?” John doesn’t wait for an answer as he begins scribbling frantically on a fresh sheet of notebook paper.
going to keep Sherlock Holmes. And that starts with giving Seb and Anderson a bit of a talking to. Yes, he and James share a free period with them before practice tomorrow. That will work splendidly.
John makes a small, frustrated noise in the back of his throat and closes the distance between them before taking Sherlock’s face in his palms –
“Yes. We’ll be in touch, very soon I’m sure.” John holds it together enough to reach out and shake Sherlock’s hand (hoping his palm isn’t too sweaty), and bid him goodbye. (He tilts his head down in a stupid little bow for a reason his brain does not understand).
“Mmmmm….time for more sex?” John asks groggily, stretching out his limbs as he blinks his eyes open. Sherlock’s face is hovering inches above his own, a fond smile on his face.
Sherlock hums from his position, head in John’s lap as John strokes through his hair absently. This closeness is a bit unusual for friends, John knows, but it’s never bothered James and Sherlock is so heart-breakingly touch starved that John can’t help himself but to comfort his best friend in whatever ways he can.
Sherlock doesn’t consider himself to be a vain man, but he knows that his appearance has significantly improved in the past ten years. He has learnt to tame and style his hair, his skin has cleared up, and he’s discovered the merits of bespoke tailoring. Most of his prior classmates have not aged so gracefully. The gymnasium is awash with receding hair and paunch bellies. But tonight is not about showing off to his past schoolmates (however gratifying he may find their gaping faces). Sherlock is here for one reason.
“So that’s my sob story!” Sherlock says, falsely cheery all of a sudden, trying to brush off the intimate moment.
The protagonist is the eponymous Madman: a charming prince. A mad prince who travels on his own whim to perform magic and music for the masses. A corner of Sherlock’s mouth tilts up with fondness, that John must imagine himself in this fantastical way. Performing for his adoring public.
John began typing to ask for more information, but was interrupted by another message from Sherlock.
Thinking back to the time John had removed his shirt in the middle of a football match, exposing tight, tanned muscles slicked with sweat, Sherlock rather thinks the offer was genuine. Feeling a blush rise in his cheeks, Sherlock looks around the table for a source of distraction. He finds it in Mary, who is frowning, eyes darting between himself and John.
He looks into John’s eyes, and a spark of something like …recognition lights in his eyes. John thinks for a moment that Sherlock will identify him, but the look vanishes in the next moment. Sherlock still looks puzzled, though. “I’ve never seen this breed with blue eyes before. It’s almost like…”
for John Watson just because he’s a randy celebrity and I’m convenient.” Sherlock is breathing hard, one hand tugging at his curly hair.
“Yes, I do actually. James and I were best friends, and everything was new and difficult, but we figured out that it was more than just friendship between us, eventually. He was the reason I could admit to myself for the first time that I was bisexual, and,
“Listen up, and listen carefully, because I’ve known you since we were twelve and you were basically a baby Casonova.”
John slumps over his tray of food, pushing moodily at his now cold and mushy carrots as he contemplates telling Sherlock about magic.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I don’t know, John. Between the incessant phone calls intruding on our privacy and the distinct lack of furniture, this evening was really cracking up to being something special before you put your foot in it.”
.” John lets out a tiny groan just thinking about it. “He’s got this big coat that he whips around like a set of really posh dress robes, and his hair is dark and curly and looks really soft and he has
never would have left if you didn’t have to, adrenaline junkie you are, so it must have been a traumatic event that interfered with your ability to practice. Stiffness in your right arm and shoulder told me where the injury was. The mud on your shoes said London, the second-hand camera phone which you used a few minutes ago said struggling financially and its inscription said it was from Harry. New phone, a gift from her wife, and she’s just giving it away? Marriage must have gone downhill. Probably due to her drinking problem which was evident in the scuff marks along the edges of the charging socket.”
The orchestral arrangement crashes through the stereo system, and John thrusts out his arms to either side as the grey warehouse wall behind him explodes into bright light, cobalt blue at the bottom and fuchsia spilling down from the top, alighting a fiery bisexual pride flag as John belts,
“I was told I would be offered a contract to sign when I came in today?” he asks, wishing he sounded more confident.
“Thanks for telling me,” John begins, and Sherlock scoffs, looks away. Stubbornly, John continues. “Sherlock, this - you and me - us. This is…” John quashes the instinctive panic he feels, and lets himself speak frankly, however difficult he finds it, about his emotions. “I really like you.”
He doesn’t finish his sentence, because Bill and Mike join them. Sherlock stands up straight, eyes taking in the pair.
John takes a moment to orient himself. Baker Street. The light is dim, and it takes a moment for his eyes to adjust. Sherlock’s flat, in the exact spot John had been envisioning between the two chairs by the fireplace. He’d always been an excellent shot on the Quidditch pitch, and it had served him well when apparition lessons began.
“People don’t change,” Sherlock scoffs, “much as they try to convince themselves they do. They come to an event like this with a painted-on veneer of someone they’re not. The snobby banker is still the prick he was in high school, the CEO of an IT company is still just the geek in the corner. This whole event is a farce. Everyone comes to reunions gussied up and hoping to show their old friends and enemies and lovers how rich and successful they’ve become. But nobody
He checks the time. John’s class will finish in half an hour. He taps a message out on his mobile and sends it before he can obsess over it.
. With Victor’s arms around his waist, moving away when John gets too close on movie nights, these past months.
“Good,” she sniffs. Probably more resentful about Tess than she’s letting on. She can have the number as far as John is concerned. It’s not as if he has a mobile phone (or knows how to use one). The bell above the door jingles, and John steps away from Irene. Time to get back to work.
loved rugby - it was hard work, just muddy enough, and completely thrilling. It had kept him busy for hours after school, and he’d made some good friends. Until-
John whines and gives up on his reflection, and the purple creases under his eyes. He’d spent most of the night awake, his rapid thoughts toggling between strategies for catching Sherlock’s eye, and contemplation of the how he had gone mad so quickly.
John’s eyes were wide with…something. Not disgust, anyways, so Sherlock took a risk and went on: “You didn’t have to. I can tell just by looking at you that you’re a med student in London, working your way through a medical degree with minimal student loans. You have an alcoholic younger sibling who you worry about and are estranged from your parents.” Sherlock watched John’s jaw dropping incrementally with every word spoken. The words kept coming, explanations this time (second hand trainers, engraved phone, supplementary first aid kit and the ease with which he used it when the children scraped themselves up). Eventually Sherlock ran out of explanations and was forced to let the silence blanket itself over them.
Their second time having sex together is just as fun as the first, and but not nearly as quick. John gets a chance to show Sherlock all the
Irene looks up from the notebook and tilts her head towards the wall behind her. “Do you hear that?”
Mrs. Hudson sighs as she brushes off some lint from John’s shoulder and gives it a squeeze. “I’m afraid this decision was made well above my head, John. He’ll perform a few songs solo, join in on two or three of yours, and that’s it. You’ll have separate dressing rooms, of course. It’ll only be the two shows.” John doesn’t respond, and Mrs. Hudson sighs. “Publicity has already gone out, dear.”
“I… understood most of those words individually,” John tells him, and is pleased when Sherlock lets out a genuine laugh in response. John hesitates a moment, then pulls out a chair adjacent to Sherlock to join him. He leans back in it, threading his fingers across his chest to affect an air of nonchalance he doesn’t feel. “I’m guessing this thesis has to do with the way you knew everything about me in ten seconds yesterday. But, ‘forensic’?”
John is staring hard down at the drawer full of Muggle currency, a crinkled orange paper with the face of some Muggle lady clutched in one hand. He’s trying hard to remember which coins are worth how much so that he can give the right amount of change to the sweet-faced blonde woman across the counter from him. He glances to Irene beside him, who looks up from where she’s preparing the woman’s drink to take in the panic that must be in his eyes.
is, obviously. Sherlock has obviously moved on. Even if he used to…like me. We’ve been friends for so long, he probably can’t even see me that way anymore.”
Bill cheers and races to Mike’s room to knock on the door, crashing through without waiting for an answer.
. John,” chimes Sherlock with a smirk. He ignores the sly expression Molly is definitely directing towards him.
When they finally break apart, Sherlock’s phone chimes. Sherlock reads him a message from Irene, inviting them out to a club.
“Looks like a pretty minor sprain. You’ll need to keep it elevated tonight, I’ll get you some water and paracetamol back at the cabin. And remember to ice it
Sherlock’s eyes are suddenly piercing. “That depends. Are you going to tell me the history between you and Victor Trevor?” The directness surprises John.
“No, it’s not that. I-“ John glances at his mum, and licks his lips in anticipation. “I had some questions about the Statute of Secrecy.”
Sherlock finishes the story with, “As I often like to say: I know ash,” and a smug look askance at John, as he closes his computer with a flourish.
Sherlock ignores him and groans, burying his face in his hands. “My whole life is a lie. Mrs. Hudson simply cannot be a witch.”
When it’s late enough in the afternoon that the sun is streaming yellow and peach through the windows, and customers are trickling steadily out to prepare for their evening plans, John hears a garbled sound of anguish from the corner that Sherlock Holmes has occupied all afternoon. He looks over to see the Muggle glaring down at his computer hopelessly, fingers fluffing furiously through his dark mess of hair. As John watches, Sherlock lets out a noise of utter hopelessness, then collapses dramatically forward into his arms on the table.
John’s amusement dies as he watches Sherlock clamber from a tangled heap and start limping towards the enemy jail.
John presses his jaw along Sherlock’s, and whispers in his ear, “Maybe she should be.” With that parting blow, John Watson gets up and walks away, leaving Sherlock gaping like a fish at his retreating form.
Hands on his hips as he looks around the room, Sherlock decides he’ll just have to be a little creative tonight. Resolved to make the best of this, he starts pulling open boxes and setting the scene. When he’s done, several duvets and every pillow he can find are stacked to make a comfortable cushioned space in the middle of the empty room, and the large window overlooking Oxford is lined with lit candles. He thinks about plucking apart the flowers he bought and spreading the petals, but decides that’s too much.
Newly enthused, the rest of the morning proceeds much better for the children. They are all able to hit some part of the target within the hour, although nobody hits the center.
Irene smacks the back of his head again. “I do it when you’re being a prat, so you learn through negative reinforcement to
Then John walks away, hating himself for the last glimpse he had caught of a soft, disappointed look on Sherlock’s face.
, okay? I’m going bloody insane!” he cries, threading his fingers through his hair, tugging loose some strands experimentally to frame his face. “But I could just tell, he is
“Aw, don’t be like that, sweetheart.” Victor Trevor’s tall, broad figure emerges from the shadowed backstage just past Sherlock’s shoulder. John stiffens as he slings an arm around Irene’s waist. “Then again, Irene’s bark has always been worse than her bite.”
Typical song structure, John’s prose warm and familiar raised under Sherlock’s fingertips. The page is messy and scribbled over, but the story shines through. It starts with ‘Once upon a time,’ and folds out like a fairytale from there.
“C’mon,” John cajoles teasingly. “Walking is boring. If you really don’t want to try the floo today, then what do you think of apparition?”
“It’s fine, I can call them back. What were you about to say?” John asks, looking earnestly into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock waits for the phone to stop ringing before gathering his thoughts to begin again.
“It is Speedy’s. I originally applied to work this half of the operation, but Mrs. H wanted me on the Muggle side, so Irene could train me,” John explains as he opens the door for Sherlock.
with John Watson, doesn’t mean he didn’t jump at the chance to audition to dance with him when the call was posted:
“There have been complications with my Green Card. I’m grounded in Moscow until negotiations…settle down. I’ve arranged everything with your Mrs. Hudson. You’re to gather your things and take the red-eye to Heathrow tonight.”
“The only name I don’t recognize is Jefferson Hope. Any idea who he is?” Billie asked as she looked over the list.
Victor slinks away with another wink to Sherlock, and John consciously has to relax his jaw. If he grips Sherlock a bit fiercer during their dances, looks at him a bit longer, Sherlock doesn’t mention it.
Too soon, Sherlock is in front of the door. (“Star Dressing Room: JOHN WATSON” neatly chalked out). He’s willing himself to knock when he hears something. A series of chords on an acoustic guitar, John’s voice singing over them. Just a few words, followed by a long pause. Then the chords begin again, then the voice.
SH? Must be Sherlock. He could practically hear the 'p' popping at the end of the word. But what was he talking about? John tapped out a response, hoping Greg wouldn’t notice. Considering he was currently muttering to himself about ‘ambers’ and ‘gobos’ between curse words under his breath, having forgotten to turn off his microphone, John didn’t think he would.
India. After the school year is over. The two of them clutch each other, take turns crying and wiping away tears. It feels like the end of everything.
“I’ve seen more than a few of these videos. The kids at work send them to me, you know. Your John acts different, when these funny interviewers ask about you and him.”
Mike smiles back, warm, his eyes sparkling. He’s genuinely pleased to see his friend happy, and John loves that about Mike. "And here I thought you stopped believing in Divination the day Trelawney gave you a P."
“It’s okay,” John tells her as he squats down to get on the girl’s level, ignoring Lestrade’s frustrated groan about being late as he throws up his arms and climbs into the car. “You're our biggest fan, huh? You’re kind of little for our biggest fan.” Sherlock watches, charmed, as John smiles and the girl giggles shyly. “What’s your name?”
John smiles. “To a forbidden forest, on the outskirts of a magical castle,” he whispers. Sherlock smiles back, eyes glancing down to John’s lips.
But then he notices that Sherlock is dressed in the blue shirt John had mentioned liking so much last night, and his confidence resurges.
some hookup, John Watson. You can’t just fuck him and run like you do with all your other one night stands. He deserves better than that.”
They smile, John’s grin a little self-deprecating. First dates are always a bit awkward. John doesn't know how to re-start the conversation. He shifts nervously in his chair.
Mike turns to John and folds his arms, eyes sharp. “She’s got a point. Don’t be a prejudiced prat. Just because he’s a Muggle doesn’t mean you treat him any different.”
He finds Sherlock on the ground next to his car, curled up in a ball and in the midst of a panic attack. He’s trembling, taking in enormous breaths and seeming not to exhale at all. John shifts into soon to be doctor-mode, and crouches in front of his friend.
this one,” John says, and snaps his finger to vanish the remainder of their clothing into the corner of the room (a skill it had taken him months to perfect, to great acclaim in bed). John rolls them over and leans in for a thorough snog.
John fiddles with a CD player and some speakers until music begins to fill the living room. Sherlock barely has time to hear the beat before John shouts, “Oh, I love this one. Let’s dance!” He leaps (stumbles) from his seat and attempts to pull an obstinate Sherlock along with him.
Sherlock’s eyebrows draw together in confusion as he looks between John’s reddening face and the bouquet in his hands. He’s doing the rapidly-blinking thing that he does when something has surprised him. It reminds John that this is
See you back here in another week or two! The conclusion will be a bit longer, so give me a chance to finish up and edit.
Some of the tightness eases in Sherlock’s chest as he hears the warm, familiar cadence of Molly’s voice. He listens to her padding through the house (looking for a private space to speak uninterrupted by nosy mothers).
“I was so scared,” Mummy whispers, so soft that Sherlock almost can’t hear. “I don’t know what I’d have done if you…”
There’s a crowd waiting on the tarmac: a boisterous group of John Watson fans lined up, squealing and clapping loud enough to be heard through half an inch of glass. Normally Sherlock would be irritated by the chaos, but not this time. The fans are all wearing or waving rainbow flags of one sort or another, and holding up signs that say, “WE LOVE YOU JOHN WATSON” and “THANKS FOR BEING OUT AND LOUD.”
They walk out of the shed holding hands to raucous cheers, and the sight of Irene idly counting her winnings.
“Don’t you know, John? I’m only teasing because I envy you.” This caught John’s attention. “It took me
The game proceeded apace, John launching a strong offensive attack against Molly’s clever defense. Mrs. Hudson was making a dashing attempt for Molly’s flag when Greg sneaks up behind and tackles her into a bear-hug, towing her along towards ‘jail.’
Harry’s manicured lilac nails click against her mug as she ducks her head, cheeks pink. “Ah. Um. Good.”
,“ he spat the name with disgust, “gave me this piece of rubbish instead. It’s a cameo necklace, with distinctly
him for a date. And if he says yes, you shower him with roses and Moondew and worship the ground he walks on for deigning to forgive your stupid, cowardly arse. And you do
Molly manages to hit the white outer ring when she takes her turn. Sherlock misses entirely, arrow flying wide and landing in some tall grass beyond the lawn. He looks in time to see John’s teasing grin. (Sherlock doesn’t mind much that he saw, if it means John’s eyes were on him.)
They stumble out into John’s flat to a collective cheer from Irene, Bill, and Mike. Now that Sherlock has been introduced to magic, he can finally attend their regular movie night at John’s magic-infested flat.
John groaned, as did most of the cast onstage. He didn't blame them for getting frustrated. At least he had his phone and a chair, but the actors in this scene were stuck fidgeting in place and attempting to chat quietly between Greg's periodic reminders to "shut it." John looked over to see a much harried Greg furiously taking notes and talking over his headset, while also nodding at something Mrs. Hudson was saying from a seat nearby. Molly was spinning idly in a chair next to him. Catching his gaze, she rolled her own eyes at John, but smiled.
When they started seeing each other, they were fourteen and nobody thought it would last. They assumed James was ‘just a phase’ for John. So did James, for a while, until John convinced him otherwise.
is when things got interesting,” Sherlock speaks over John’s words, determined to finish his thoughts. “Because pretty soon I got too old for it to be
John turns Sherlock’s face and cups his cheeks so that he can plant a kiss on his forehead and look right into his eyes.
John hears a faint scoff from Mr. Holmes, who’s seated himself on the couch down the hall. John poses himself carefully in front of the door and calls, “That's the greeting I get? And I came all this way to see you!”
“...Pretty good. I spent most of it flirting with the cute barista at my local coffee shop and not getting any work done on my thesis. How was your day?”
Sherlock’s fabulous hair. John suspected his face had gone a bit dreamy because Mary’s eyes narrowed.
Bill nods in appreciation. “I remember that. Nearly snogged your face off after that Quidditch match, he did. And Ravenclaw had lost!”
That’s fitting, Sherlock thinks, as he abruptly exits the room, since he has the exact opposite problem. “Right!” he turns a corner and retrieves his violin from the cubicle he’s sharing with Irene before he changes his mind or loses his nerve.
Pleased, and trying very hard not to think about his mother and John in the same room, Sherlock snuggles into his duvet and rewinds the show to watch again.
“Still good,” John insists. “Just…finished pretty soon for something I spent so much time thinking about!” John chokes out between laughs. Sherlock giggles in return, then rolls onto his side, clapping a hand onto John’s blond-haired chest.
John hesitates, palms sweating. This is it. Sherlock knows something, and now is the time to come clean. “Tell me.”
wasn’t reality, that it existed on another plane, cozy and perfect, secluded in hazy warmth and the laughter of young voices.
When he meets Sherlock, John is sitting with James on the first row of metal bleachers, watching rugby tryouts. He sort of recognizes the boy’s curly head so he nudges James.
Something mischievous glints in his boyfriend’s eyes, and Sherlock raises an eyebrow innocently as he climbs into Sherlock’s lap. John plants a slow, sweet kiss on his mouth that zings down to Sherlock’s toes with its intensity. “I think we may still be able to make the best of a bad situation. Don’t you?”
Sherlock quickly gets caught up in an electric current of euphoria, the thrill of the song with a full arrangement pounding through the speakers all around him. Just as soon, he’s bobbing his fully wigged head alongside John’s, dancing hip to hip with him and joining in on vocals as much as the violin will allow. Every time they catch one another’s eyes, they share wide smiles, and bob their heads just a bit harder.
“Did I include lesbian in that description?” Irene asks, eyes rolling. “Then I think I’m describing the eye-candy on the other side of that mirror.”
Sherlock is sputtering, not finishing any sentences, “John! What – how – the tour! You can’t – what are you-”
Once the morning ends and they’ve sorted away the equipment, Molly ushers the children towards the cafeteria for lunch, John and Sherlock lagging behind.
“And spend some time with that John Watson of yours.” Sherlock opens his mouth to retort but she talks louder. “Don’t try to be coy, sweetheart, he
“Hello, dear,” said a kind-faced woman as she approached John’s bed. “You’ve woken up a few times, do you remember?” She asked him and flicked on an overhead light. She shone a flashlight into John’s pupils one by one and peered into his eyes. “You gave everyone quite the scare! A couple of friends have stopped by. Your young woman even tried to bully her way in earlier.”
“’Everything you could have accomplished?’” John will quote back. “Are you referring to landing me, you great softie?” he’ll tease as he enters the living room to perch over his husband.
John and Sherlock sat together quietly for a few long minutes. It was a comfortable, companionable silence. At least until John’s stomach rudely interrupted. He glanced at the clock to see that it was already past six o’ clock.
? Your arms are tan, as are your legs, but not below the knee. You’ve spent a lot of time outside, but not sunbathing. You were wearing knee-high socks, undoubtedly for a
They’re still talking when the shop closes hours later, their discussions moving between theoretical and personal, from wandlore to John’s favorite subjects in school.
When Greg called a hold, Sherlock collected himself before looking up behind the light that he knew John to operate, and winking.
When he turns around, Irene is terrifying. Her glare is fearsome and she looks about three times as tall as she bears down on John.
“’Course. And with that, looks like we’re right on time to begin. Break a leg, team. Stand by house lights out and sound cue A...House out and sound A…Go.” John watched as lights faded in the house and a soft blue light faded up on stage. The audience chatter died down at once and Molly’s soundscape filled the air. Janine stepped out in the Nurse’s conservative gray dress. “Spot one on Janine…go.”
“Mummy’s always telling him to salt the drive more.” Sherlock says absently as John rubs soothing circles into his back and listens
“Remember to keep your elbows tucked in.” John takes Sherlock’s hand before ducking the pair of them into the green flames of Mrs. Hudson’s fireplace (upstairs only has electric) and calling, “Golpalott Terrrace, number twenty-one!” He holds Sherlock securely at his side as they spin through London grates, shutting his eyes against the dizzying sight.
feel that much closer to rolling of his tongue. Sherlock makes up some tosh about beauty being constructed by society.
Hazy and satisfied, John has enough presence of mind to clean them up as best he can before dropping off to sleep, Sherlock’s limbs curling around John like an affectionate Devil’s Snare.
scone. She must have summoned it off his plate when he wasn’t looking. Apparently she’s decided that the conversation isn’t worth holding off on lunch for.
“N-no!” John stammers, hoping it’s Sherlock’s footsteps he can heard thumping down the stairs behind Mrs. Hudson. “I would never do that to Sherlock, I like him a lot!”
As rehearsed, John stalks Sherlock across the stage. Each step forward is matched by Sherlock’s step back. They’re never more than two inches apart, heat boiling between their bodies. During the music break, John spins Sherlock around in his arms and dances against him, the two of them simulating a shared dance in a club. The audience
when he punched you,” John mutters, shaking his head. Against Sherlock’s protests, John takes out his phone to photograph the injury, should Sherlock decide to press charges. Sherlock warms at the used-to-be-familiar protectiveness. He could’ve used it, the twelve-odd other times he’s been punched in the last decade.
“Oh yeah?” Jim asks. “Well, we wanna see YOU try it!” His calls are echoed by the rest of the children.
John makes a show of shaking Molly’s hand, a model of good sportsmanship for the kids and all that. Luckily no one on John’s team looks too upset, grinning and chatting with their friends across the line. John spots Anthea very seriously shaking Jim’s hand. John turns his gaze back to Sherlock, who is standing on one foot like a bloody flamingo.
He surveyed John's face for ill intent, but found only genuine curiosity. Sherlock supposed he ought to reward that with the truth. "Tedious. Anderson delivers his lines like there's a gun to his head. Mrs. Hudson knows he's terrible, but apparently his father gave a 'generous donation' to the drama department this fall. And Benvolio has been following me around like a puppy for no discernible reason. I had to get out of there, if only for a moment."
“What about you?” John asks as Sherlock turns once again and hails a cab, looking over Sherlock’s tight emerald denims and casual coat.
“Um, what?” John asked, as he gave up on trying to understand the enigma of a boy sitting across from him. Under better circumstances he might have tried to parse Sherlock’s meanings, but just now? He had spent forty-eight of the past seventy-two hours in this school, and half of those trapped inside what was essentially a stuffy, dark, box with increasingly irritable occupants.
Sherlock, so much it hurts, like it’s going to claw out of my lungs and eat me alive every second I’m not with you.”
By morning, John had devised a series of steps with which he can both help Sherlock through his break-up and show the boy how much he is loved. Is
The cheers of the studio audience have settled down, so Sherlock sets the laptop between them and puts the video to full screen. John looks sharp as ever on camera, in a blue waistcoat and with his hair styled.
“Hang on, Sherlock, hang on,” John he gasps, moving his hands away from his boyfriend's gorgeous bum to more neutral territory, on his forearms.
“The cinema. We haven’t been for ages, we can even get those disgusting nachos you pretend not to like.”
He is rewarded with another brilliant grin, and Sherlock lets hope swell in his chest, that maybe Molly was right. The smile slips slowly from John’s face as his expressive brows draw together.
“I’m Irene Adler. We were watching auditions through the two-way mirror in the studio. You had a very strong audition. What’s your name?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes at his boyfriend. They’ve spent the past two weeks at Sherlock’s parents’ house and between his mother’s interference and his father’s obliviousness, they haven’t had any privacy in weeks. Sherlock isn’t going to let a lack of sofa be the reason not to have a night alone with John.
“Oh I’m confident,” John says, firing a wicked smile in Sherlock’s direction. It’s a relief, to be able to flirt openly with him. Not have to hide how he feels. Sherlock is his
“Hm?” John asks, brushing a curl behind Sherlock’s ear and wondering if they’ll ever leave this patch of tarmac. If he’ll ever want to.
I’ve written three about him and how bloody gorgeous and impossible he is and how gone I am. Another two about unrequited love. And I’ve started one about his fucking childhood
Sherlock groaned and Sally smirked, victorious. “The wrong prop can make an enormous difference to an actor, John,” Sherlock said, as though explaining something very simple to an exceptionally dumb child. “The wrong prop takes an actor away from the ephemeral moment in which his performance exists. Mrs. Hudson is right: religious symbolism is a distraction, in addition to being totally irrelevant to Mercutio’s character. The wrong prop can kill a performance. A
Sherlock’s head appears over Mrs. Hudson’s, a hand resting on her shoulder. “That’s grand to hear, John. Is your protective nature satisfied, Hudders?” He ducks to kiss her cheek, using the motion to gently sidle past her and up to John.
Before he knows it, the teaching round is over, and Sherlock has made it into an elimination round. He and four others are directed to the side of the studio to wait their turn while another five face the mirror and repeat the routine with Greg.
John glances at Sherlock’s corner every few moments for the next hour to check that he’s still there, until Irene gets sick of him.
the mirror. And whatever he sees, he’s hungry for it. His body is lithe and flexible, and there are patches of sweat forming around the collar of his lilac shirt. When he snaps up from a dip and
John sighs in relief. “That’s exactly what I wanted to talk to you about. I lo- I mean. I really like Sherlock, and I want to tell him about magic, but we haven’t been dating long enough to get married.” Mum looks let down at this, but Harry nods thoughtfully.
Pink is climbing up Sherlock’s neck and into his cheeks. “That’s not- I do. I do like them. The flowers. They’re poisonous! Very- thoughtful. My birthday. Well not my birthday
Sherlock bites down a smile as he glances at his dad and then back to the screen. He may be a man of few words, but his dad is much more perceptive than most people gave him credit for.
There’s that word, again. What all this was meant to be about. When Sherlock dares to peek out from behind his arm, he sees that John has settled down along his side, propped up on a hand to look down at him. His eyes are blue and intense, flickering across his face worriedly. Sherlock hides again, as he takes a deep breath and begins to rapidly deliver the speech he had planned.
.” Irene looks to the man at the other side of the counter. “Have I never told you about my dog? His name is
John doesn’t realize he’s giggling like a madman until he’s interrupted a minute later by Bill snatching his phone and tossing it across the room to Irene. The movie has been paused at some point. Obviously, they’ve pre-planned this phone-theft operation without his notice, because Bill is ready to restrain John when he tries to make a jump for it.
On the last day of January, Irene throws Sherlock a surprise party. (“My birthday was a month ago.” “That’s what makes it so surprising!”)
“You could have told me yourself and she wouldn’t have had the chance to,” his Mum huffs. “I don’t mind that he’s a Muggle. Although it’s very progressive of you, dear.”
John scowled. He wasn’t in the mood to be condescended to. Sherlock appeared to sense this, and his expression softened.
lot of work.” Sherlock scoots towards John, taking his hands from where they are stroking his uninjured ankle into his own and all but climbing into his lap. “I might need someone with medical expertise to monitor my recovery.”
begins to pound through the speakers, and the air thickens. The song is a blatant seduction, full of predatory imagery: it’s about a hunt, a primal, animalistic pursuit, and the anticipation of pleasure upon capture.
“I’m often told that deducing people isn’t the best way to get into their social graces,” Sherlock says, hoping his elevated pulse isn’t noticeable to John.
Something ignited in Sherlock and he began a slow, purposeful stalk towards John. Never say Sherlock Holmes backed down from a challenge. He softened his features, but kept his eyes blazing with authentic, John-Watson-induced frustration. When he reached his target, he bent down so his lips were nearly kissing John’s ear.
“What is all this screaming about, then?” Mummy Holmes asks, mild, as she puts down her purse on the kitchen table and walks into the living room with hands on hips.
He’s still thinking about this the next day, sitting cross legged on John’s bed with his computer in his lap, John dozing beside him in the hours between rehearsal and the performance. John must be completely exhausted, between all the travel, the filming, and…possibly a bit less sleep than usual. Sherlock grins at the thought, thinking back to yesterday’s performance. It had been
Sherlock steps back in surprise, putting a hand out to shield his face from heat that does not come. “I’m guessing it was something more than boric acid in that cup to turn the flames green?”
Between two-week sessions, Mrs. Hudson’s counselors take turns having a night off or minding the older campers who remain the entire length of the summer. That night, Irene had been loudly persuading Sherlock to accompany her to a club in the nearest town when John had appeared (blue-eyed, sun-kissed and
“Back when the Watsons were together, me, Harry and Irene were tutored together. Irene’s dad is a bigshot producer, specializes in child performers. He ‘discovered’ me and Harry, and he was our agent before I hired Mrs. H. So, when the Watsons travelled, Irene was on tour with us. When our contract with her dad ended, Irene convinced me I had to do something if I wanted to get out from behind the innocent blue-eyed kid thing I had going. And since I don’t fancy getting arrested and being a regular bigot, she had me watching Miley Cyrus videos like it was my job. The playboy image is, well…I’ve only really had one serious relationship my whole life... And coming out, being able to do it in a big, public way? And to do it without it being a punchline? That was our goal. And that’s where you joined the story. Luckily, now that
When he’s struggling with his advanced biology studies, and even when he’s not, John takes his questions to Sherlock, and they spend hours arguing over the impact that food digestion has on the brain. It’s glorious.
Mum chuckles and John blinks from his thoughts to see steam come out from their pot of tea, water having freshly boiled.
John lowers the antibiotic he was about to apply to Sherlock’s cut, a fond expression on his face. “Still brilliant, then?”
Just one thing is different this summer. This one thing (one person) is enough to knock Sherlock out of alignment. Out of his familiar summer routine.
“Oh my God, are you alright?” John asks, bending to help him gather his things. When he offers the man the phone’s battery, he keeps his curly head ducked down, not moving. Very slowly, the dancer tilts his head up only to blink at John.
John throws back his golden head and laughs, bright and free. Sherlock thinks he would quite easily get used to the new fanned crinkles in the corners of John’s eyes, given half a chance.
With time, John has only gotten better at hiding his true identity from Sherlock, and it feels wrong.
It takes hours as he has to distract a distressed Henry from his mother’s extreme tardiness with hopscotch and football on the tarmac until the blasted woman
“John Watson: captain of the rugby team in the fall and center forward for the football team in the spring. You want to join the military when you leave school, possibly in Intelligence, more likely as some kind of doctor. You have an older brother who drinks too much and your family is not well off. That’s quite enough to be going on with, don’t you think?” Sherlock smirks, waiting for the inevitable: the anger, the denials, the dramatic exit.
John tips his head sideways to see that Irene has slammed down her phone and is looking at him sharply.
Before he knows it, Sherlock is on the wrong end of John’s dressing room door, more confused than ever, and vowing to ignore the deflated bubble of hope in his lungs.
Sherlock snorts, and when Molly turns around, cheeks pinker than before, the murder in her eyes is directed at Sherlock. “Oh my
at this distance. It’s making John’s head fuzzy. “Running about with your deductions and your violin. You’re like a real-life fairy tale.”
“It’s the basis for my next paper. I have systematically and painstakingly cataloged one hundred and sixty-three distinct varieties of tobacco ash.”
, and I couldn’t just stand there and watch Hope kill Sherlock.” An echo of the panic he’d felt chased through John’s mind. Where was Sherlock? John needed to see him, to see for himself that the boy hadn’t been hurt.
John mutters something about ‘Trev-Whores’ and ‘show you who can dance’ under his breath, but Sherlock ignores it. He settles back against his seat with a small smile and shuts his eyes, ready for some sleep during the long flight to Boston.
you…” he looks as stuck as he sounds, and twice as frustrated. The hopeful ball in Sherlock’s stomach glows that much brighter as John takes a shuddering breath and looks at the ceiling. Is John finally going to-?
There are tears in Sherlock’s eyes. He has to swallow down a lump in his throat as he hears the silence in the room swell again.
“What’s new, Johnny?” Harry asks, stirring sugar into her tea with a tap of her wand. “How’s the coffee shop? Is everyone well? How’s…Mrs. Hudson?”
Centering himself, John concentrates, takes a deep breath, and shifts.Things feel different as a dog. Simpler. Brighter. There’s nothing like stretching his hind legs and going for a jog in this form. He can still think logically he just usually...doesn't feel like it, when he's like this.
his mind wonders. If it is, anyone could be on the other side: talent scouts, producers, agents. Before the possibilities have fully processed, Sherlock’s group are invited back to face the mirror.
Well, Sherlock Holmes got the part he wanted. It was good to know some of that arrogance was justified, John supposed. The last name made John pause in his perusal. “Stan, you never told me you were an actor!” he said, looking over at the boy.
- apparate us to candlelit dinner in Paris. Sherlock so swept off feet he doesn't question how we got to eiffel tour
“Right. Okay.” And then John is in front of yet another door, still wondering if he isn’t mad, except this time he doesn’t hesitate in knocking because he knows that Sherlock is just behind this one.
Ear-splitting cries and applause explode, and Sherlock whips away from Irene to stare, utterly bemused, at the audience.
“Right then,” John says to himself, rubbing his palms together as he thinks. “Mrs. H, Anthea, Jeanette, David! Over here!” He leads the children, David, and Mrs. H to a spot out of the enemy team’s hearing.
“Alright troops, listen up!” John scans the faces before him, waiting patiently for the chatter to quiet. Sherlock likes to call this his Captain Voice. Particularly when he uses it in his too-small bunk. Alas, there’s no time to follow that train of thought at the moment.
Irene cleared her throat and straightened her back as she held the now recording device between herself and Sherlock. “I do dare thee, William Sherlock Scott Holmes--” here she had to stop for a cackle at Sherlock’s dark glower (Irene was given that information in secrecy). She cleared her throat and started again, carefully not slurring. “Sherlock. I dare you to make a move on John Watson before Mid-Summer Campfire.”
“Watson! You look bloody awful,” Greg said cheerfully. “But that’s to be expected. From what the papers say, you’re a bloody hero now. Nobody could actually
The pride flags in the audience go wild as he bows with the rest of the dancers, and Sherlock can’t keep the smile off his face (at this point, he’s going to develop laugh-lines, which is…acceptable, under the circumstances).
John adores this brilliant boy. He can’t help but tease him a little longer, stretch out the anticipation. “Oh I don’t know, Sherlock. I’m not sure I’m done courting you just yet.”
“Can’t blame a bloke for looking. Anyways, that one needs to grow into his height a little bit, if he
“We had an argument over who the water bottle display was directed at. That boy has a serious confidence issue, it’s why he assumed it was me. Even if it
,” John tells Sherlock, eyeing his Muggle street clothes critically, and climbing to his feet, dragging Sherlock with him. “Bill is about your height.”
Mike claps a hand on John’s shoulder. “I know, mate. It’s tricky. But if you want to keep him…you don’t want to wait until you’re moving in together, or walking down the aisle, to tell him you’ve been lying about who you are since you met.”
“When I flew from London to Miami and that young girl named Annie asked if you loved me you said that you did but then we never talked about it after and there was the tour and it was New Year’s then my parents were around all the time and we were packing and I thought since we were finally alone together and in Oxford that we could talk about it but then I wanted it to be romantic and people kept
John stares. “But Sherlock wouldn’t—“ John doesn’t finish the sentence. He’s spinning, tilting crooked on an axis. "You and Sherlock- " Maybe…
John stood there, thunderstruck by how much there was to Sherlock, underneath the veneer of arrogance and superiority. John had caught a glimpse of something vulnerable, and beautiful, and precious.
grimace in his direction but John just keeps backing away, until he has the sense to turn around and stumble down the stairs.
Irene paces towards him, backing John farther into the corner, her voice dark and deadly serious. “You slept with him, didn’t you. Sherlock is
Sherlock scoffs, eyes not quite focused as they glance towards the pub. “That’s just a broken-down shop. What do you mean, ‘we’re here?’” A wrinkle appears between Sherlock’s brow as he says thoughtfully, “Do you know…I lost a criminal here, once. I was chasing him through London and he just…disappeared.”
John laughs shakily, because the plush pout on his boyfriend’s face is too cute. He cups a hand along the side of his face, thumb pressing against the pretty moue his lips make.
not to flirt when he saw the way a simple "brilliant" made Sherlock's cheeks flush, made him clear his (long-gorgeous-pale) throat and look away. John found it hard to remember that he had a (fake) girlfriend when this gorgeous specimen stood beside him.
The dark did not deter John, as he’d spent the past two hours working in a dark space. He ignored the building intensity of the speakers’ sound as he rugby-tackled Jeff Hope. They both crashed to the ground. Once horizontal, he wrenched Hope’s right arm up above the boy’s head so that the gun was pointing to a (hopefully deserted) brick wall, opposite of the audience. Not a moment too soon, because a loud
Sherlock looks at John and Irene, brows drawn together, but doesn’t withdraw his hand. “Is he flirting with me?” He looks down to Victor. “Are you flirting with me?”
“What next?” he asks, bright and enthusiastic about exploring Diagon. John had thought Sherlock would be overwhelmed, after his near panic at John’s flat. Instead, he seems to be happily gathering an infinite amount of new data, shouting out a new deduction or revelation every few minutes.
“Forget the bisexual thing. What is the world going to say when John Watson comes out as a fanboy? The world deserves to know, John.”
But he had hesitated, and the whole altercation had ended with Sherlock narrowly avoiding a knife to the gut and the sound of bone breaking as John’s fist connected with Pearce’s nose.
Harry’s wand vibrates on the table, and she curses. “I have to run. One of my cases is going in front of the Wizengamot, and that alarm means it’s time for me to go make sure my client actually gets to the right court room this time.” She stands, kisses Mum on the cheek and ruffles John’s hair. “Good luck, Johnny. I’ll owl you those papers tonight! And I want to meet Sherlock!” she calls before dashing out of the cafeteria, silver robes fluttering behind her.
it would explain his social withdrawal. I saw he had bruises healing in different stages when he changed into costume. He’s always wearing long sleeved shirts, even when it’s warm. Hope doesn’t seem to even
Once they’ve teased and comforted John to their hearts’ contents, John signs off. Although he pretended to pout, he does feel a bit lighter after talking to them.
Despite the wisecrack, John digs around in his suitcase for the secret notebook he keeps. Once tossed to Irene, John flops down on the bed and covers his eyes.
some kind. The military ambitions I got from your posture and the royal military armband. The only remaining question is: why theatre? There are any number of
Sherlock scans the crowd for a man: the only reason he had found—the only reason he had needed—to attend.
starts playing over the speaker system, blasting through John’s system in a rush of happy adrenaline. He and Sherlock are just two more of the crowd shouting along, bouncing with the words:
Sherlock sighs. “I was sixteen and stupid, John. Can’t we forget it?” He turns away and looks for something to distract him in this cramped office.
might work. And James reminded me of how we first met and it seemed like a great idea, but obviously, it was too much, too soon…Sherlock?”
John chuckles, a little watery, and starts laying down kisses all over Sherlock’s face. His forehead, a cheekbone, along his jaw and over each eyebrow. “Like this?” he breathes, pressing his love, the enormity of everything he’s feeling, into each firm kiss.
“You forgot your cane at the punch table when you raced over to save me from Anderson,” Sherlock smirks, victorious.
After a head shake and several rapid blinks, John finally spoke. "Erm, yeah. Yeah, s’pose that'll do for now." He coughed and looked away, visibly flustered. God, Sherlock hoped he hadn’t offended his
By this point, Molly is nearing a panic attack. “WHAT. OH MY GOD, WHAT IS HAPPENING. THAT IS YOU, SHERLOCK, WITH YOUR HANDS ON JOHN WATSON’S BODY. FUCK. FUCK FUCK FUCK.”
Mike and Irene descend on Bill, berating him about Muggle transportation and the Statute of Secrecy. They’re too busy arguing with one another to notice that John is sinking into a panic.
Most of the rest of the video is drowned out by Molly shout-sobbing in confused happiness, but Sherlock keeps quiet, grinning as he watches the routine he’s been doing in his sleep for a fortnight. On screen, he and Irene are trading John back and forth to dance with each of them a few times. Then some choreographed moves that all three of them do, a slow jib shot climbing over their heads. Sherlock’s favorite moment (and likely Molly’s, going by the squeal) is when he and Irene grab a fistful each of John’s shirt from either side and physically rip it from his body. John is
“Ah. How was your day?” he asks, then immediately realizes they’d spent the entire day in the same place. He blushes.
, even for Mary? From the lights in Mary’s eyes as she talked about her favorite activity, John guessed that Mary would be getting her way, in this as in most things.
“What?” Sherlock gasps, still nuzzling into John’s neck, his hot mouth trailing along John’s throat.
John chases after Sherlock. He knows when something is off with this boy. Sherlock walks faster. “Hang on, you bloody giraffe, what was that about? Is there something you wanted to say?”
Sherlock Holmes. He finds the prospect terrifying (which he finds in turn, danger addict that he is, thrilling).
Victor pulls in a harsh breath, still not meeting John's eyes. "I asked him, if you weren’t available, if maybe he’d take a chance on me instead. So you see, John, I’ve always been second-best. And I just couldn’t, couldn't let him settle anymore. I was so ready to fall for him, be everything with him. I would have. But you had started these last weeks to walk around with that lovelorn face of yours...and I realized...If I really care for him, want him to be happy, I’ll give him a chance at what he really wants.
A moment later, Sherlock gives a violent drag along the strings with the bow and lets out a wordless shout of frustration.
“Oh BOYS!” There’s a beep as someone accesses their room and John glares as Irene enters with a smirk. “This is your wake-up call. Only half an hour ‘til the bus leaves,
Sherlock’s eyes are bright when he meets John’s gaze. Slowly, John approaches him, and carefully folds him into his arms. After a tense moment, Sherlock slumps and tucks his face into John’s shoulder. His hands reach around to clutch John’s back. He’s shaking, and still breathing hard. “This isn’t going to work, John. Not if you dodge all my texts, not if there’s something making it
Sherlock sits back, perching near John’s knees so they’re no longer pressed together in more intimate areas. He has a puzzled line between his eyes. “Is it because I’m…inexperienced?” Sherlock asks, sounding uncertain.
It’s all going according to rehearsal until the music break, when John disappears entirely. Odd. He should be front and center. Glancing to dancers on either side of him, Sherlock doesn’t find confused expressions: only smug ones.
“Apparently. I didn’t tell her, she just figured it out on her own. Looks like you’ve got some competition in the deduction game.” John wondered how many people—friends, teachers, strangers, had read it on him, perhaps years ago, when it had started. John thought he’d been hiding it well, but apparently not.
John remembers himself and hurries to cover his mistake. “Oh um! It’s something my mates and I said at school. It-it was like we had a whole different language up there.” He hopes his laugh doesn’t sound as stiff as it feels.
Fuck! I mean fuck! I can’t do this!” John whines, interrupting the bickering going on across the room. “What do I do? This is hopeless, I don’t know how to date a Muggle!”
John laughs, and takes out his own phone to open Snapchat. “I’ve a better idea, c’mere,” he tells Sherlock, and sneaks on arm around his waist. He sticks his tongue out at the camera, and Sherlock presses a kiss to John’s cheek as he takes the picture.
in the closet. Speaking of which, I have my suspicions about Molly, but that will work out in its own time." Sherlock is following John's rambles with a small smile, and John is reminded of something. "Ugh, James is going to be so smug.”
“Sure,” John answers with a half-tilted grin. (In fact, he wants to know desperately, but he continues to carefully act casual. Forget his flatmates, John Watson is
So yes, by Thursday night, John feels much more comfortable with the phone. He’s curled up on the sofa with it clutched in his hand as his flatmates watch a film. The film was Bill’s pick this week, and he’s chosen something with a lot of explosions and automobile chases. It’s also got guns and Muggle police officers in it, so John (of course) thinks of Sherlock.
Sherlock laughs softly. “Afraid you’ll change your mind in all that time?” he says teasingly, but John suspects Sherlock really thinks that. John could kick himself for giving Sherlock any reason to doubt his sincerity.
“That’d be a shame,” John said softly, carding a hand—accidentally?—through the shorter hairs at the base of Sherlock’s neck as he applied a final piece of tape.
Between learning choreography and shooting the video, Sherlock only spends about a week and a half on the actual production of
He suddenly remembered being six, when after his first day of school he had bawled into Mycroft’s chest, heartsick at the discovery that he wasn’t like the other children.
John laughed. “I haven’t been holding out on you, I swear. It wasn’t all that complicated. I figured stalling Hope was our best option, so I told Greg to kill the lights and Molly to give some feedback, and I ran downstairs to run interference with the bastard.” John shrugged. “It was pretty simple.”
, hair mussed and eyes wide. John relaxes slightly from his smug pose. “Hi. I know I should’ve called ahead but I just wanted to-oof!” and then John can’t speak anymore because he’s wrapped in the tightest hug he’s possibly ever received and it feels
Sherlock pauses his search to cast a critical eye over John, eyes sharp and calculating. In a flash, he’s pulling off the cardigan, untucking and unbuttoning his plaid flannel shirt. “Roll up your sleeves,” he instructs as he starts fluffing his fingers through John’s neatly styled hair. John knows better than to disobey and soon Sherlock is stepping back to admire his handiwork, running his tongue across the seam of his lips. “Mmm, yes. Much better.”
Sherlock cracks a smile. “It’s not that. But I don't want to think about my brother right now. Although, since you mentioned it, there is a limit for overly cliché first date conversation.”
John is stretching out his back, paws way out in front of him and his rear high in the air when Bill reappears, dragging a Mike, rubbing his eyes groggily and stumbling, behind him. John barks, tail wagging.
“My darling boy!” cries Mummy, in complete disregard for what he’s just said. “All grown up and now going on the road with a famous singer! I’m so proud of you. As long as you remember your promise.” The teary façade clears and she gazes sharply down at him.
. John huffs a breath but says nothing as Irene finishes her impromptu makeover by draping a maroon apron over his head. It’s even got his name already etched on a little gold plaque.
Sherlock smiles, small and unsure, in response. John immediately wants to befriend him. There’s just one thing to settle first. “But, mate, you need to work on your flirting technique.”
“O calm, dishonorable, vile submission! Alla staccato carries it away!” Sherlock drew the toy gun from his waistband and brandished it like the epee Shakespeare intended it to be. “Tybalt, you rat-catcher, will you walk?” He mocked Hope as he circled in perfect fencing formation, eyes affixed to Hope’s face.
“Not like the others.” Sherlock clarified, matter-of-fact. “When I met you, I thought you were just some jock who’d been dragged backstage by his girlfriend kicking and screaming.”
John looks down and realizes in horror that he’d forgotten to change out of his work robes. They’re the standard lime green that all the Healers wear at Mungo’s. “Um. Robes?” John says, not knowing how else to answer. Merlin, is this it? Is this how Sherlock finds out? With John wearing a lime green set of robes and Sherlock on his doorstep?
“I was just saying, Sherlock will be hearing from us soon. And then, hopefully, we’ll be hearing from him.” Irene raises an eyebrow at John pointedly.
With a playful growl, John heaves Sherlock over his shoulder and carries him to the bedroom, shaking under Sherlock’s laughter all the way there.
Yes, Sherlock had grown a few inches since the summer ended, but now John notices that other things are different
Sherlock groans, “Where on Earth did they find that?” and John doesn’t get a chance to examine it further because Irene scrolls down. Whoever found this photo has zoomed in, comparing some fuzzy pixels in the background to a (now) vintage poster of The Watsons. It’s unmistakable. Underneath they’ve captioned it,
Mike takes John upstairs where he transforms and quickly attempts to get the dog hair off of his clothes, failing miserably. He changes instead, then sprints back down the stairs without another word, Mike smug on his heels.
He’d gotten away with a lot at school until a jilted ex ratted him out and he’d been forced to register with the Ministry.
When he finishes the last page, Sherlock looks up from the packet, sending a nervous smile to the people assembled opposite him. He clears his throat.
“Sorry, mate. Tradition’s tradition. And…I’d feel better personally if you did this for us.” Greg looked genuinely apologetic, which was
John grins, pleased at the declaration, and shifts closer to Sherlock. “You called me your boyfriend.”
“You’ve realized you’re attracted to Sherlock. Romantically. Although, physically, he did come back from that poncy music camp even
John promised Sherlock’s dad again to look up some obscure Motown band and gave him and Mummy each a firm handshake. Sherlock had watched, amused, as Mummy stoically pretended she wasn’t utterly charmed by John (any lingering frostiness at him had dissipated the moment she found out that Sherlock was returning to Oxford and bringing John along). As his parents had walked away, Molly had simply directed two fingers at her own eyes and then at John’s
The girl starts to speak very rapidly, tripping over some of her words. “I just, I really wanted to tell you, I just think it’s so cool and brave that you weren’t afraid to tell everyone that you like boys. And Sherlock! You love Sherlock, right? That’s what the big girls in my dance class say.”
John gets an eye-roll in response to this line, but Sherlock nonetheless steps closer until they’re pressed against each other in an embrace. John smiles sunnily up at his boyfriend, who scoffs and looks away.
“This is my favorite post, personally.” Irene turns the screen around so they can both see. It’s a photograph of what’s obviously a younger Sherlock and Molly, perhaps 14, dressed in their school uniforms and smiling awkwardly up at the camera. Sherlock’s hair is a wild tangle, and his mouth is full of metal braces.
“This has happened before. When his older brother got shipped out, and then again when they thought his mom might have breast cancer. It's like he's shutting down non-essential operations while he figures out his head. But he’s never shut
John goes with the Sholtos to India for the summer to help James settle in. The base is like a small city, self-contained, the lifestyle altogether more military than civilian. They play football with some of the locals in the surrounding towns. James quickly befriends a boy their age named Pranav, and something tightly coiled eases in John to know that when he leaves, James won’t be alone.
John should call Harry, she used to be a lawyer with the Ministry, maybe she could help him navigate the Statute of Secrecy. He imagines that conversation in his head.
John swallows uncomfortably. “It’s just. How do you tell someone that you have supposedly impossible powers and expect them not to run away?”
“Hi, guys,” Sherlock starts. Irene and Molly both clear their throats, so Sherlock back- tracks, knowing better than to roll his eyes
The opening frames were filmed in black and white. John Watson is centered, at the back wall of a warehouse. He’s wearing a heavy parka, hands in his pockets and eyes hidden by the pulled down hood. The opening chords begin, and John Watson’s breath is visible as he breathes evenly (added in post-production: in reality that warehouse had been miserable and sweltering in the middle of July).
Sherlock is still, mercifully asleep when John returns. He tucks himself under Sherlock’s arm and snuggles in next to the boy he needs so much. The boy who deserves
Chest heaving, he arrives, takes in the other counselors and the scant campers who are old enough to stay on, rapid gaze skittering around the scene.
James shrugs, unperturbed. “There’s always been a spark with you two.” John starts to protest, but James shushes him. “I’m not saying that you were harboring romantic feelings while we were together. I know you loved me. But I saw that you
John’s stomach sank. He tried to blank his expression, but knew it wouldn’t do any good. He looked down at the table and slowly shook his head.
, I wanted it just as much as he did.” Sherlock shifts, looking like he really doesn't want to be having this conversation. John doesn't blame him.
His blood boiled. John’s emotions were a little erratic at the moment, and right then any fear or nervousness he felt at the thought of confronting Sherlock were swallowed up by his greater desire to go and punch the git in the face for making Molly cry.
I’ve ever had only began when Victor shoved me up against a wall and stuck his tongue down my throat. That’s really not the approach I’d like to take.”
With a chuckle John replies, “Fair enough,” and Molly relaxes back to her typical posture, returning to the salad preparation. John joins Sherlock at the kitchen table and winks at him before he continues, “So. I hear you had a crush on my sister? She’s single, you know.”
why I chose these laces, but yes. Their rhetoric would indicate that my sartorial expression of sexual orientation was a motivating factor in their actions.”
“I already told the police,” John couldn’t help but tease, faced with Sherlock’s voracious curiosity.
John breaks off the kiss when he feels Sherlock start to shake under his hands, and hears the beginning rumble of Sherlock’s laugh.
Next chapter will probably be up in about a week! thanks so much to everyone who's left their support on this story <3
“Ah, no. Most prospects are turned off by the human skull on the mantel and the body parts in the refrigerator,” Sherlock affects a light tone. In all honesty, he’s dated little these past ten years. Only one man has ever caught his eye
Sherlock groans, but can’t deny the building excitement surrounding and within him. John is not the only one who enjoys an occasional rush of adrenaline.
“Some of them – usually the younger teenagers – get discouraged. But apparently you bring out the competitor in me.” John winks up at Sherlock (the second wink bestowed in as many hours) as he holds the door of the cafeteria open. Sherlock flushes lightly and ducks inside, heading for his preferred table. John follows, and the two of them begin to serve themselves water and lunch.
“Yes, mummy. I’ll still finish my degree, and I won’t get caught up in ‘any of that celebrity nonsense that the tabloids are always on about.’ I’m just off to see a bit of the world, and I get to dance while I do it.”
Sherlock sidles up to John as the man begins distributing child-sized arm guards and finger tabs. “Are you sure this is a good idea?” He’s eyeing Jim’s hungry look at the bin full of arrows. John follows his gaze and grins.
John snorts as they reach James’ locker. John enters the combination without needing to think. “We really need to work on names with you. But yes, that’s the one. He'd appreciate that description, honestly.”
Sherlock refuses to blush. He’s always sleepy after a particularly intense round of love-making with John. “Yes,” he replies primly. “What are you writing?”
“If you weren’t John Watson the Mad Prince,” you mean?” Sherlock teases, pulling John to his feet. John looks up at him quizzically. “The Mad Prince from your song. The one who travels all around to perform tricks for his peasants?” Sherlock explains.
John abandons the order he’s working on and straightens up, eyes locked on him keenly. Sherlock looks as clean and neat as usual, but John notices that he’s hunching into his coat a bit, and there are dark circles under his eyes. Eyes which are resolutely stuck on the ground.
Glancing away from John, Sherlock asks almost timidly, “Do you really think so?” (Damn, he’s adorable. John is definitely done-for.)
Sherlock staggers back with the force of the blow Anderson lands. He’d been looking pointedly at Donovan’s knees and hadn’t seen the punch coming. Stupid,
He’s astonishingly beautiful. John’s gaze lingers over his full eyelashes and plush lips. John rubs his own lips together, wondering (hoping) what it would be like if he gets a chance to kiss them. He’s looking at the way his dark hair curls softly around his ear when he notices that Sherlock is shifting in his seat, eyes unfocused on the screen in front of him. Distracted by John’s stare?
All your records are sealed from age eleven onwards. Classified! So are your sisters’, and both your parents. That has
“Bi girls?” John asks innocently. “I thought those were a myth. Ouch!” he yelps as Irene punches his shoulder,
been flirting with Sherlock. He needed to work on that reflex. He had never been shy before about expressing interest in the girls he’d liked over the years, and that trait was carrying over to the boys he liked. The boy, he liked.
Sherlock does what he always does when the emotions get so large and cumbersome that he’s ready to start pulling out his hair. He calls Molly.
Sherlock nods. “Two stars who began their careers early in life, both of whom have pursued their career outside of the public persona previously established for themselves.”
“What!” John yelped, going beet red. “Sherlock and I aren’t—I mean, what exactly does changing a mic
Sherlock smirks at John. “If bowling was your idea for our first date, then we ought to try mine, next. Let’s go dancing!” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock is dragging John out of the bowling alley by the hand and looking for a cab. “What do you say to making some headlines tonight, John?”
As the shudders coursing through him slowed, Sherlock pulled back from the half-embrace. He and Mycroft sat in silence for long minutes as the clock ticked an even meter and Sherlock caught his breath.
He and Mary had been best friends since primary school. Once he had even wished that the two of them could date for real, but neither of them saw each other that way. Still, long years of friendship and hardship had forged an unbreakable dedication between them.
“But there’s more than that, isn’t there?” Sherlock pressed. “I can’t put my finger on it yet, but there is. More to you. You did our cleansing ritual, after you named the Scottish Play,” John snorted at Sherlock’s commitment to superstition. Sherlock, true to self, ignored him. “
Mrs. Hudson exchanges a look with Lestrade and clears her throat before she speaks. “We’d…like for you to hear the song you would be co-starring in, before you sign anything else. It will likely clear up any confusion you may have regarding the NDA. And you should know, if the song in any way makes you uncomfortable, you can and should walk away from this table without further involvement with us.”
“Should I have talked to you first? Is that what you’re asking? The tour was great, of course, but I don’t actually think I want to be a professional dancer. Not long term, in any case, and it’s been
His heart is beating quickly and he’s sure his face is crimson from how hot it feels. When John doesn’t say anything straight away, Sherlock risks another peek from behind his arm, lowering it fully when he sees John’s shocked expression.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies simply. John startles, his eyebrows raising in question. “Well, the papers are often reporting one thing or another about your drug habit, this binge or that, but I’ve been out with you and the other dancers for dinner on three separate occasions and haven’t seen you drink more than half a beer. You haven’t taken home any one night stands either, another thing the tabloids love to speculate over. I haven’t even seen you flirt with anyone, female or male or otherwise.”
“Mr. McCarthy and his son offered to help when we need it. You shouldn’t be stuck here with us old folks.”
“That’ll be three pounds twenty,” Irene cackles, pushing the drinks at the customer. Mutinously, John puts the change in the drawer, and watches as the man swaggers over to Sherlock’s table.
“Is that so?” John asks, nuzzling his nose across one perfect cheekbone. Sherlock hums, and pulls back just far enough so that their lips can brush. It’s chaste and perfect: an affirmation of the steady affection between them.
He doesn’t get a chance to defend the honor of his seductive abilities over the sound of Irene’s laughter joining in Mike and Bill’s.
Sarah was just telling him how she also wanted to be a doctor when John heard a familiar shriek. They raced across the hall and into the theater to see what had happened. The school’s theater wasn’t very grand, but it had at least a hundred seats, a balcony, and plenty of room for hanging lights and scenery.
Irene stares, the fury in her expression slowly leaking out to make way for disbelief. She groans in frustration. “Morgana on high, John Watson, you are twenty years old, how can you be this emotionally stunted?!”
Through the lunch rush and for the rest of the afternoon John surreptitiously keeps one eye on Sherlock.
They said that Hope had stopped taking his medication for schizophrenia and suffered a hallucinatory episode. As far as they knew, ‘Moriarty’ was an imagined villain, which Hope had created to help him cope with the illness of his sister. He was currently committed to a hospital for the mentally ill.
“Is that a new song?” Sherlock quickly uses John’s surprise to his advantage and snatches the open notebook lying in front of John’s seat. “
“Shove off, Murray.” John’s phone buzzes with another message. He smiles down at what Sherlock has written
I highly recommend pulling up Ella Fitzgerald's Cheek to Cheek for the relevant portion of the story. I listened to it on repeat as I was writing that section of this chapter!
“Yes indeed. He lives next door, one of Mrs. Hudson’s tenants,” she says, referring to the witch who was proprietor of Speedy’s and the building above it, as well as John and Irene’s former Herbology Master.
“That’s…” (Oh, no. Maybe Mike and Bill were right, and he was pants at ‘playing it cool.’ Because what he settles on saying after a thoughtful pause, is the truth.) “That’s
“Are you embarrassed?” Sherlock asks, stepping closer to John and gently prying his hands from his face.
“John Watson.” It was nothing but a whisper. All at once Sherlock surged forward and fastened his lips to John’s in a bruising, inelegant kiss. John blinked as he processed what was happening. Just as his mind caught up with his body, Sherlock pulled away.
as John is returning the favor and he ends up with half his hand in Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock moaning around his fingers.
John looks towards Irene, wide-eyed. Irene is shaking with silent laughter, already preparing the coffees.
John smiles, and turns onto his stomach so he can peer over the arm of the sofa and see Bill. His friend is sitting cross-legged on the floor, packing up his potions ingredients.
Mike and Sherlock talk about Bart’s and their studies there. (Mike is going to be a Healer like John, but he’s on an experimental Healing track that will integrate wizards into Muggle A&E, so he knows enough about St. Barts. Technically, the buildings occupy the same space, but John spends all day in Mungo’s, while Mike splits his time between the wizarding and non-magical wings.) John is fascinated to hear about some of the medical practices that are standard in the Muggle world.
“A couple of hours after the incident. Thanks to your rash stupidity I was treated for nothing more severe than shock.”
(Sherlock refuses to call it that, because it is ridiculous.) This place is his second home, and not just because he’s known Mrs. Hudson herself all his life.
“That dare was obtained under duress!” hisses Sherlock, eyes sweeping the children once again to make sure they haven’t overheard. Nosy buggers.
“Dull. But looking up. I have plans for us tonight.” Sherlock wiggles around in John's grasp to continue looking through the dishes.
“It’s…nice to see you, Molly. I didn’t hear you get in.” John licks his lips as he glances towards Sherlock.
Then the pleasingly low rumble of James Sholto’s voice joins the conversation. “Back from the car, yes. I was only gone a moment. Who are you talking to, love?”
He’s moonstruck, smiling to himself at work, when a well-muscled customer comes up to the counter and asks if he can buy Sherlock a drink.
“Yeah,” John manages. “Um, I would say, um. I’m bi? Is it crazy that I’ve only actually said that aloud to about three people and you’re one of them?”
John feels his heart rate increase. They stop in front of the door to John’s flat. His very magical, filled with wizarding posters and potions, flat. “What is it?” he breathes. “I bet it’s not so impossible.”
Sherlock loses the pretension of stealth when the door creaks and John’s head snaps up, hands frozen on his guitar.
The nurse showed John how to use the small hospital telly mounted in a corner and told him to watch the news for more information. The moment John saw the headline (‘
Unlike in Sherlock’s hotel room, here John has all the words on a teleprompter, and he adds some…unorthodox choreography to the mix. He clutches the mic, rolls his hips, and strokes his hands along the mic stand, all to shrieking applause.
Mike finds a nearby Muggle pub on his phone (their regular Sunday night place is in Diagon).  John stays close to Sherlock all night, holding his hand on the table or wrapping an arm around his chair. Bill spends the evening wide-eyed with fascination at the unfamiliar chaos of a Muggle pub, and thus Irene spends most of the night preventing him from performing magic or sticking his foot in his mouth.
Sherlock sniffs without looking away from the bracelet he’s carefully weaving from his clipboard. (It’s pattern inspired by the helix formation of DNA.) “I’m sure I don’t know to what you’re referring, Graham.”
“Not at all. They were talking about you, actually. The words they used were, quote, ‘embarassingly besotted’ with me. What do you have to say to that?”
Holmes winks, tosses the bottle aside, and takes up his lap. John only manages to snap his jaw shut as the boy rounds a corner.
John began looking for Sherlock in the corridors between classes and at breaks during rehearsal. There was never time for anything more than quick snatches of conversation here and there, but it was enough of a glimpse into Sherlock's fascinating brain to pique John's interest further. Sherlock was brilliant, and arrogant, and morbidly fascinated with death.
one of the strangest people he’d ever met. But something in him wanted to defend this boy who appeared a stranger to kindness. Perhaps it had something to do with Sherlock's intense gaze, which was currently doing things to John's stomach that were unfamiliar but not entirely uncomfortable.
Sherlock cleared his throat and forced himself to back away. “I must finish preparing. Vocal warm-ups, costume, etc., so if you’ll excuse me.”
Sherlock screws up his face in thought. “No idea. I’ve been calling them 'Smarmy' and 'Rat-face'. In retrospect, that also may have had something to do with this.” He gestures to his injuries.
The dishes are doing themselves in the sink while Bill’s potions kit simmers and bubbles sluggishly on the floor next to the television.
“Floo powder. You step into the flames and announce your destination, and it’ll take you to the registered fireplace that’s closest.” John brushes his fingers through the flames to show Sherlock that it’s safe.
“Hey! I was on tour for more than half a decade with only my sister and Irene for company. I got a lot of reading done.”  There’s a soft blush warming John’s tan cheeks though, so Sherlock teases him a bit more.
Dr. Stamford attempts to look as stern as a benevolent, baby-faced man possibly can. It isn’t terribly convincing.
who studies cadavers and went to uni at fifteen. I’m just…Sherlock, I suppose. It’s simpler, with them.”
“In my defense, I’m stupidly rich and I missed my boyfriend like crazy.” Sherlock laughs delightedly (which makes John’s smile start to ache it’s so wide).
Back behind the counter with his apron over his head, Irene doesn’t bother asking for details. She can read anything she needs to from the huge smile John can’t wipe off his face. John glances over to see that Sherlock has returned to his computer work, his face (slightly pinker than usual) serious once again.
Sherlock fiddles with the tattered ends of his scarf when John releases his face. “Even if it’s about Victor?”
“I’m a consulting detective. I take private cases, but when the Met are out of their depths, which is always, they consult me.” Sherlock has had to explain his occupation to enough family members that he has the speech memorized, well-rehearsed.
. It’s been remixed for live performance to have an explosive ending, rather than the slow a Cappella of the radio version. For the final chorus, the entire ensemble rips off their outer black layer to reveal a head to toe ensemble, each in a designated color of the rainbow.
Aside from a minor altercation with his dad, John passed the rest of tech week in a pleasant haze of busy work and boredom. Anderson was still hideously awful, Mary was fantastic, and Sherlock was hugely entertaining. John particularly enjoyed watching him tussling with Jeff Hope in the fight prior to Mercutio’s death scene. Before he knew it, they were rehearsing that exact scene for the last time, the night before the show opened. Hope and Sherlock circled each other, Sherlock taunting, Hope sneering. There was something off about Hope tonight. During holds, he wouldn’t chat or read or even
Sherlock hums as he lays out the case and prepares his bow. “I’ve discovered that Flight of the Bumblebee does a decent job of relieving pre-performance jitters.” Not as well as John or Molly would. But they’re not always at his side to get him out of his head and back on his feet.
“Yes, John Watson. He’s a promising student, but doesn’t have much instinct for chemistry. Smart lad, good work ethic, just needs a bit of guidance. You two’ll get along famously.”
John turns his attention back to his non-dominant hand, focusing all his attention on the rather tricky charm he wants to perform. Wordlessly, John channels magic into the tips of his fingers, not so much an incantation going through his mind as a feeling, a memory. He concentrates first on forming the brown center of the flower, then watches as fresh yellow petals begin to curl out from the bud, stretching themselves to a full, vibrant bloom. Sherlock shudders slightly, either from John’s proximity or because he can feel the ripple of magic in the air beside him, and John glances his face in time to see his eyes flutter shut for a moment.
John manages to rein in these thoughts long enough to invite Victor to sit with them, and to thoroughly tease Sherlock for finally bringing a boy home to meet the family.
Sherlock very much doubts it. John Watson is the school’s darling: plenty of friends, good grades, captain of the rugby team, and dating the equally lovely school president Mary Morstan. John Watson is all this and painfully,
“Listen up, folks!” Irene cries suddenly, breaking the moment as she turns herself around and points the camera (that John had forgotten about) so all three of them will fit in the frame. “If this video gets half a million hits in the next seven days, we’ll add
John thinks of batty old Trelawney lecturing on star signs and planetary charts. “No, that was an extracurricular.”
“There you go again with the sighing! Stop being so much happier than the rest of us.” He collapses onto the armchair beside the couch.
John grins, and promises himself that he’s going to buy Irene those Chocolate Skeletons she likes so much, next time he passes Honeydukes.
consecutive hour without sleep, Sherlock pressed his wet face into his big brother’s shoulder and shuddered out tears. Mycroft wrapped his arm around Sherlock and squeezed, his cheek resting on Sherlock’s head. Wrapped in Mycroft’s familiar scent, Sherlock felt safe.
James clears his throat loudly. “Should I be jealous, darling?” he asks, and John realizes he’d been staring rather a long time. He smirks up at James, who had crossed his muscled arms and lifted an eyebrow.
“What made you say I’m single?” John asks, just as curious about his methods now as he was a decade ago. The exchange is familiar in an aching way to them both, as they stretch muscles that have lain dormant for decades. Like taking out the bike after a long winter and realizing you haven’t forgotten how to ride in the intervening months.
“Army brat,” John says around a mouthful of potato. “Grew up all over the world, traveling with my da. He taught me to shoot practically soon as I could lift a gun. Mum was horrified.” John grins, but the words sound wistful. Parents dead then, not estranged. Perhaps best not to bring that deduction up just now.
“I’ve seen you here before. Always sitting alone, always working hard. I thought I’d ask you out to have some fun, for once. Help you take a break from whatever this is you’re working on.”
The light in the flat grows dim and soft as the sun sets and they set aside their meal. They’re sitting on either end of Sherlock’s couch, angled towards one another but not touching. In a quiet moment during their conversation, Sherlock mentions,
“Um. Yes?” Sherlock says. Molly Hooper gets dangerous when she’s immersed in fannish glee. This is most certainly one of those times.
“I’m just going to…” John mutters to Irene and grabs a towel. He gets closer to Sherlock’s corner and pretends to clean a nearby table, eyes barely leaving the interloper’s annoyingly muscled shoulders. The man stands there with two mugs of coffee, waiting for Sherlock to acknowledge him.
John starts by vanishing any glass or contaminants from the gash with a murmured disinfecting spell. Then he begins to heal, guiding Sherlock’s flesh as it knits neatly back together, a soft white glow illuminating the tip of his wand. Sherlock gasps, and John looks up briefly to meet Sherlock’s eyes, wide and amazed. “John,” he whispers. “How are you- this isn’t-“
Blurry camera-phone montages of their dates are plastered all over the tabloids (which result in several irate phone calls from Mycroft). Sherlock has a blast once he finds out how many followers he’s accumulated on Instagram. Once, he posts a backstage photo he’d taken of John from behind (well,
“G' on, then,” Sherlock says around the toothbrush, sharing a curious look with John. (His eyes linger on John’s bare chest in a very satisfying way).
that night. And I never called or apologized or said anything, but I’ve been thinking about it for years.” John sighs when he realizes that Sherlock isn’t saying anything. “I guess I’m asking…can we try it again?”
Sherlock knocks his head against John’s with a stern expression. “Of course it’s the opposite. All the things that made me doubt about you, or made me wonder why you wouldn’t let yourself get close to me, they were all about hiding this part of your life. Even if it is a ridiculous secret.”
“He doesn’t have ‘friends’ in the traditional sense. But, every once in a while, he can be persuaded into staying after hours for an Irish coffee. He’ll be in here tomorrow at the same time, for the same drink, if you’d like to
John looks up, takes a step towards Sherlock. Another. In the small shed, two steps bring them chest to chest, breath to breath. John’s gaze locks on Sherlock’s, his hand reaching up to brush a curl behind Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut, and John leans up to brush his lips along Sherlock’s jaw, barely touching. A shudder licks down his spine. “Potential boyfriends should know the worst about each other.”
That doesn’t mean the journey is an easy one, though. John barely manages to get his boyfriend to continue walking once he’s spotted Slug & Jiggers Apothecary, and again when Sherlock sees Gringotts and bleats that they have to stop to take out money for more books.
“Ah, well. Had to greet my adoring public and all that.” John clears his throat and glances curiously towards Molly and his parents.
of your ‘romantic’ trysts. Anytime you like someone enough to keep them longer than a few weeks, you self-sabotage. There was Clare, and Anthony, and Thea. Oh! Then there was that
“Do you want to go out for a drink, Sherlock?” Mike asks, navigating them out of the tricky patch of conversation. Bless Mike Stamford.
John stepped away too and said, “Of course. Not that you need it, but... Good luck out there tonight.” He was just pulling open the door when Sherlock spoke.
Sherlock backs up, and John follows, suddenly enjoying the thrill of stalking his prey. Sherlock leads them to the kitchen, where he puts the flowers in a graduated cylinder and adds water.
“Yeah,” John says softly, glancing up to Sherlock as he does. “I do.” And John hadn’t told Sherlock that, that he
“Is it always going to be that good with you?” Sherlock asks, breathless and smiling so wide his whole face crinkles up.
John is enjoying himself, but thinks he’s being mostly useless. Then he makes an offhand comment about the suspect’s shoes that helps Sherlock to stumble upon the solution for the case.
"What a pretty thing man is,” Sherlock began in a breathy voice, “when he goes in his doublet and hose," Sherlock leaned just slightly back and roamed his eyes up and down John's form- he was shorter than Sherlock, but, God,
After minutes or hours or days, the kiss reaches its natural end, touches slowing as they both catch their breath. Sherlock leans his forehead against John’s and tries not to think too hard about what happens next. Instead, he focuses on the tender, molten feeling glowing in his belly.
with nothing to do. One the police had interviewed John, he was useless. Greg was the first to visit.
Sherlock has already set up his Muggle computer at the head of his usual table and is rubbing his chin thoughtfully as his green flicker across the screen.
Sherlock is in his favorite costume for this number: a loose fitting graphic tank top, skinny jeans, and studded trainers.
“Not interested in going then? We’d be a shoe-in for ‘Most Dangerous Job’ this year,” John will muse. “Especially now we’re pushing sixty.”
“Seriously, lads, there’s no time for that!” Lestrade says as he begins to usher them out towards the exit. “We’ve gotta get on the road if we’re going to make it through traffic. Opening band can only stall so long if we're late.” He holds up a garment bag. “Sherlock, you’ll be changing in the back-seat.”
Sherlock drinks the first cup of wine quickly as his nerves get the better of him, asking John more about his classes and professors. Before long, they’re both giggling over spaghetti, Sherlock with a flush of wine in his cheeks.
He remembers tramping through the Forbidden Forest with Mike and foraging for potions ingredients on weekends. Hunting down rare herbs and fungi that would fill out their medical kits. How John was always glad when the snow thawed and the crocuses came into bloom at the bases of Alihotsy trees. How they signaled the return of fine weather and easy afternoons by the lake on the horizon.
he was playing hard to get-“ Mike retorts, and John looks down at him in confusion. “But John was dead smitten with Reggie and rubbish at acting like he wasn’t. So what actually happened was, John ran hot and cold on the poor bloke for weeks right up until Reggie had had enough and climbed him like a Wiggentree.”
They break apart with a laugh when the audience’s cheers and shrieks grow loud enough that Sherlock has to cover his ears.
the government. He looked you up, using all his databases and resources. And you know what he found?”
“Oh. Hi, John. It’s been a while,” he begins awkwardly. He seems remarkably sober in comparison to his fiancé. “And hello, Sherlock. I recognize you from. Everything.”
“James and I have plenty in common, John. In fact, just the other night, we were discussing how much we both loathe your terrible jumpers.”
Irene ignores this as she stalks towards John and reaches an arm around him to squeeze his shoulders. “You should come over to meet him sometime. John - my
“At first I thought maybe you were just sleeping with other people, but I would see that in an instant. Then I thought maybe this was some kind of con and I was your mark. But you’ve had plenty of time to gain my trust and you’ve never brought up any ‘business interests’ or ‘investment opportunities,’ so that theory is out.”
“Mary, you’re choking me!” John gasped. “And if my stitches tear, you’re answering to my doctor for it.”
“What do you care? You’ve said it before, you hate the football blokes. Why not try out for rugby again?”
He leans his body closer to John’s as they sway, caution having whistled through wind several glasses of wine ago.
“I’m…sorry?” John asked. His outstretched hand reached up awkwardly to fix his fringe as it became clear that the boy didn’t intend to shake it.
from the green flames and another blonde woman appears. John’s grin falters, his shoulders slumping slightly.
Just then a woman, out of breath, comes running from the airport doors. The girl turns and beams at her scowling guardian. “Mommy! Look who I found!” Sherlock and John share a grin.
John hushes him softly. “Shhh. Making sure it doesn't scar is difficult. I have to concentrate.” Sherlock is silent as John finishes his work, the scar on Sherlock’s hand fading steadily to pink until it disappears altogether. Like there was never a wound at all. Satisfied, John finishes by laying a kiss on the spot, feeling just slightly smug.
“Okay, mommy,” Annie says at full volume, taking her mother’s hand and waving a sunny goodbye to Sherlock and John. They’re both standing there, stunned, when the mother tells them both earnestly, “thank you,” and the pair walk away.
“More like crack spot!” Mrs. Hudson added from below. John rolled his eyes, but he was secretly pleased. He had always had to work to meet his goals. He was naturally clever to an extent, but he still studied hard to get good marks. John had trained for months before trying out for the rugby team, and he’d excelled there too. But nothing had ever come so easily to him as this.
“The footprints, of course! That was Brixton mud on Pearce’s boots!” His eyes are blown wide with realization and excitement. He grabs both sides of John’s face with an enormous smile. “John, you are luminous!”
John turns to glare at his sister. “You told her about Sherlock?” he hisses, leaning across the table.
“I did.” Sherlock steps back once. Twice. Turns and hurries up the steps beside the café to a door that says
She had her friends and her hobbies and her sparkling eyes. She had a smiling demeanor and was quick to temper when she thought her friends were being insulted or threatened. What Sherlock did not see in her was an
“Salting the drive. I’m always telling your dad….” With a few more crumbs, the last of the salt is on the ground. Mummy looks at them blankly for a long moment. Sherlock is unsettled. His mother is usually so
“Oh, it’s relevant,” Victor speaks over him. “It was during one of your rugby practices. I saw the most gorgeous boy I'd ever seen sitting alone on the stands, apparently alone and ignored, and had to talk to him. It was obvious pretty soon what had him sitting there. His eyes tracked every move you made, he smiled every time you laughed. I asked if you were his boyfriend, and he just said, ‘No, he’s taken. And my best friend.’ Went on to describe you as the bloody boy of his dreams."
John fumbles his fingers on the keys in his haste to send Sherlock an affirmative response. He really shouldn’t be skipping classes, but he already knows the material they’re covering. His Captainship of the Gryffindor Quidditch team had given him plenty of practice healing broken noses.
Sherlock’s dad calls to brag about the new attention he’s getting from his colleagues at the local paper. He listens dutifully as his dad (a man who humored Sherlock's own celebrity crush for years) and indulges him when he reads out Robert Plant’s tweet about the performance for the fifth time.
after all that liquor?” Irene complained, shoving Sherlock with her shoulder. He smirked at her, smug. “Anyways, don’t forget about this new dare.”
There was a brief silence in which John considered Mary’s words and Mary considered something else. She asked, “Did you finally tell someone about him, then?”
Rolling his eyes, John yields. He picks up his bow and an arrow, stands at the line about 5 meters from the targets, and
You do realize that with this ankle I can hardly run back, right?” Sherlock slants an amused grin up at him, eyes sparkling, curls falling into his eyes.
“Well, you were asking me to be your fake girlfriend, that’s pretty important don’t you think?” Mary winked.
“No.” John hardly knows what he’s saying anymore, lost in Sherlock’s face and his lips and his sparkling eyes.
Sherlock jerks his head up to John, who is licking his lips, and glances away just as Sherlock looks at him. He feels frozen. Because it’s coming together. He knows exactly what this is. And his instinct was right. This means
Irene doesn’t return the smile. “Could you talk to Sherlock? Something’s up, and we’re meant to be in places soon.”
They startle apart when the predictable chorus of “Eww!” and “Aww!” swells around them. Sherlock buries a blushing face in John’s chest.
- fic 1: teenlock. Sherlock is a 6y/o Harry Watson’s ballet instructor. She wants to set him up with her big brother. Sherlock has a thing against rugby boys and rejects John. Baby lesbian antics from Harry Watson and other miniaturized BBC characters.
John checked the script he had perched on a music stand to see that Sherlock was right. They’d been exchanging messages between cues and several pages of dialogue had passed without him noticing. It appeared Sherlock Holmes was the solution to tech-induced boredom.
“Irene invited us, of course it is!” Sherlock cries looking thrilled. John laughs, enchanted by Sherlock's enthusiasm.
Before long, Billy returns with their entrees, and John breathes a sigh of relief at the interruption. They eat, trading stilted conversation.
From Mike, he needs to borrow some Muggle clothing that didn’t go out of style thirty years ago. From Bill, he needs some advice that doesn’t come with a steaming dose of Irene’s biting sarcasm. The pair of them are sacked out on the sofa, yawning and sharing amused looks (that they don’t even try to hide from him) as John continues to primp in front of the mirror. He ties back his hair, thinking he might need to trim the ends, soon.
“So you haven’t before? I mean, um, don’t answer that. That’s just I mean, when I walked in on you-”
The sex is soft that night in a way it often isn’t between two randy young men. Fingers lace between Sherlock’s own, calluses brushing against his palms, and this contact somehow feels more intimate than anything else. After an age of gentle, unrelenting pleasure, Sherlock’s climax hits him like a tidal wave, spreading through his body afterwards until he’s limp and drowsy, and slurring his words. John wraps a spare blanket around him and tells him to sleep. He’s out like a light.
They grin at each other, and John lets his annoyance slide away. After Sherlock, Mike, and Irene, Harry is his fourth and last mobile phone contact. And she
John suddenly cannot wait to film this video. It seems a bit less scary, with this brilliant boy who really
John shrugs, grinning. Sherlock scoffs and firmly returns to his work, although he looks like he’s trying to hide a smile.
. He doesn’t know how much of this he can take, so he just wraps Sherlock up in a tight hug, tucking arms around his waist while Sherlock wraps his own around John’s shoulders. Maybe it’s risky, being this close while they’re out in public, but neither of them cares.
he thinks possessively). He sits there quietly sipping at his coffee for a minute, and John continues to make himself look busy.
Reluctantly, John sits back on his haunches and allows Mike to clip the collar around his neck. Mike doesn’t withdraw his hand straight away, and John rumbles contentedly, nuzzling into Mike’s outstretched hand affectionately.
Sherlock looked up from the backs of his hands to see his brother’s arm outstretched, paper cup in hand.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze with a flash of defiance, then flinches when John reaches up to thumb under a fresh cut near his right eye. “Easy there, I’m not going to hurt you. Who did this? Are you in some kind of trouble?”
Sherlock shuts his laptop with a sigh, and turns to give his full attention to this stranger. His face softens and he flutters his eyelashes. John slams a plate down on the table harder than necessary.
. And not fit for public consumption," he insists. He clears his throat and determinedly returns his attention to the notebook under John’s hand. “So it’s not a dance number, or a ‘
I’ll end up writing all of these eventually, but I usually only work on one fic at a time. Definitely let me know in the comments which one I should start writing first!
Specifically, he has Sherlock, who’s seated himself on the countertop and is playing music from his computer. He can’t seem to settle on one song for long, changing every minute or so. From David Bowie to Vivaldi to Beyonce. Under Sherlock’s careful supervision, John has received a thorough education in the history of Muggle music these last few weeks.
“Fuck!” John mutters vehemently, dragging a hand through his blond hair as he moves to the door. (Sherlock agrees, slumping defeatedly back into his seat).
"Fade in spot one on Sherlock...Go." said Greg. John gently eased up the light on Sherlock as he began his speech.
had been issued. That means he has two days. Well, today and most of tomorrow. Today and most of tomorrow and then it’s Mid-Summer Campfire, and this time Sherlock is absolutely going to
What in the name of Merlin is he doing?! John doesn’t know anything about Muggles! The only place in Muggle London he visits are the greasy chippie across the road from their flat and his workplace. Those aren’t first date locations!
