“People break up all the time Tony. Maybe Ryder’s not right for you. Maybe Steve is or isn’t. However, I want you to think of the two of them. Decide which one you couldn’t see yourself living without.”
“Actually, my little black widows are coming to visit Tony in five days, so how about we have them be the judges. The girls really missed you and would love to see you,” Natasha said, turning to watch Tony.
“Never said that. Look I have to go. Have fun at Peter’s school,” she said waving goodbye to Tony then leaning down to kiss Miles’ on the cheek.
“And oh your son is adorable. Seems he’s all tuckered out though,” the receptionist noted. “I remember those days, when my kids were that small and young. Oh how they grow up so quickly before your eyes.”
William looked at Marley sharply for interrupting him. Marley shrugged her shoulders and lifted her hands up in defense.
Steve rolled his eyes, but decided to leave that for another day. “Now, so you said Sam was mad the day after you came back from your mission.”
And that was how the doctors and nurses found them, bodies fused together as though one, Tony’s head resting against Steve’s heart and Steve’s hand splayed over Tony’s heart as though each protecting each other from any pain, even in their dreams.
“Yes, cookies. Medicine first, okay?” Tony shivered when Miles let out another cough. “Okay, so two teaspoons of this. Is that right? This looks like a lot. Okay, now I just have to pour this and…okay so I definitely do not have the three arms to do this.”
Clint turned his face to the screen and groaned aloud. “You have got to be kidding me! We’re not watching this. Out of all of the things to choose, you choose this. This is clearly an example of your bad taste in shows. I’d rather watch
And so Tony had put on a brave face and accepted what he would have to do to make the only person, he had left in his physical presence, to stay.
“Marley I will not ask twice. Apologize. You were entirely rude to Kevin. Kevin you also apologize. You know Marley loves playing with accents, so I don’t know why you decided to mess with her.”
“I wasn’t going to do that. The last thing Tony needs is to be kept somewhere confined,” Steve grit out, mind flashing back to how Steve had found him in that hospital.
“If you were awake, I wonder if you would laugh at my poor attempts of waxing poetry. Though for you I’d tell a thousand sonnets,” Steve said his voice taking on this sort of melodious presence.
He shivered involuntarily, hoping that neither Pepper nor Rhodey would notice. He straightened his shoulders to disappear the way his body just experienced a full tremor of coldness. He beckoned them forth.
Tony sent an apologetic expression to Steve, before standing up. “Okay, yeah. Let me just get cleaned up and we can go.”
Natasha had to stop her fingers from tightening on the space holding the towel. “This isn’t a dream. I’m really here Tony. We found you. This is real.”
Harley smiled and followed behind the nurse. When Harley left, Julie turned to Natasha. “Ms. Natasha can I go look at the trains?”
The movie began and they all watched on and listened to Tony and Natasha sing along. When they got to “Hakuna Matata,” Natasha and Tony had begun a fully choreographed performance. Bucky looked on with bleary eyes and Steve watched on with pleasant amusement. Clint stared at his hands with discomfort because this was something that he and Tony would have done.
“That’s not true. I want to know everything about you,” Steve honestly stated. “And I’m sorry your parents weren’t the ones you deserved.”
“Just stop it. Just stop. I can’t do this anymore Ryder. I can’t. Please Ryder. Please just let me go,” Tony rushed out and by then his voice was wobbling and his cheeks were wet. “Please. It hurts all the time. Please just let me go.”
Pepper nodded to herself and leaned back. “That’s fine. What’s one video in the midst of many I have of you two.”
“Ryder is not good okay. He’s not saving you. He’s hurting you sweetheart, so stay strong okay. I need you to remember that we’re coming from you. We’ll find you soon and you’ll be back home.”
The door seemed to taunt him. What if? What if Ryder had infiltrated one of the nurses and had them close the door. No one was here so it was possible. He could feel the panic begin to push him back like a great tidal wave. Acid began to claw up his throat and he leaned over his body into a sort of kneeling position.
Tony took in all of his family who were now busy celebrating the engagement. He watched as Miles leapt onto Bucky’s back, amusing Sam who leaned in to kiss Bucky on the cheek. His eyes settled on Harley teasing Peter about MJ. The conversation filtered all around them.
“Rhodey called me saying you were having a hard day,” Ryder said taking off his suit jacket and throwing it onto an empty chair in the lab. Tony looked up just as Ryder was beginning to unbutton his tie and sit down. “Why didn’t you call me? We could’ve taken the day off together.”
Tony lifted a shoulder then dropped it. He smiled self-deprecatingly at Steve and oh how Steve wished he had never seen that expression on Tony’s face. Steve leaned forward to grasp the hand that Tony was playing with his jacket.
“No, seriously. It’s fine,” Steve said turning his face toward Tony. “I would have told you if I didn’t want to do something. Besides I wanted to do ever since I was a kid. Before the serum, I couldn’t really risk getting on rides and certainly never imagined anything on this scale. And then I became an Avenger so there was never anytime. So let’s go find some more rides.”
“Yeah?” Tony asked shyly. “I haven’t been too sure. I mean Ryder thinks that I shouldn’t have adopted. He constantly brings that into conversation and I mean it’s true. I really shouldn’t have adopted without his input. I mean we are together and it wasn’t fair to spring a kid on him.”
Steve watched as Tony’s chest seems to hiccup. It’s as though Tony is in a physical battle to make himself not cry. Steve observed, with a sinking horror, as Tony began to struggle for breath. His eyes glazed over and Steve let his grasp on him loosen. Tony without the weight of Steve holding him, nearly collapsed.
She had taken a few hours to visit Tony at the hospital, but by the time she arrived he was still asleep. And unfortunately being in charge of the orphanage meant that Karen couldn’t stay away for long, no matter how much she wanted to stay and make sure that Tony was going to be okay.
With those thoughts outside of his head, he stepped outside of the shower the cool air quickly chilling his skin. He choose to forego his suit today because it clung too tightly to his skin and was uncomfortable when the fabric rubbed against his scars and bruises. He grabbed a sweater and some jeans and quickly pulled them on.
I need someone to come watch Tony for a second. Don’t want him being alone right now, but the more he tells me about Ryder the more jumpy I’m getting. I don’t need him to see me like this right now. I may punch a fucking wall.
He looked at the distance from his bed to the door and it seemed to grow more and more further away as he looked at it. He stretched his arms out in front of him. His body swayed and he felt pressure settle in between his collarbones.
Steve was smiling, eyes alight with joy and relief. He tilted his head to look at Tony, before looking back at Bucky and easily saying, “Nothing. It’s just I can be very creative with the ways I want to torture him in the span of five days.
“You are a child,” Steve said pointing toward Clint. “And we are not getting rid of people anymore, certainly not people who have done nothing.”
“Yes, not today. But soon,” Bekah smiled. “Thanks for making my heart feel a little more at ease Steve.”
Steve assumed they were talking about opening a bottle because moments later the sound of glass shattering surrounding the kitchen.
Steve woke the two up and more often than not the two young boys would have an item of Tony’s clothes hanging off of their shoulder or using it as a blanket. He hated the disappointment of sending Peter home to his aunt and felt even greater guilt, when May turned toward him and asked if they had found him yet.
Steve looked out the window of the quinjet, silently observing the view below them. How infinitely small they were compared to everything up here. He wondered if Tony thought the same thing every time he flew as Iron Man.
“We don’t need to do that Steve. As I have told you he has been identified and we don’t need to cause anymore drama. Trust me I am as upset with all of this as you are, but don’t let your paranoia get to you,” Fury said calmly. “We cannot bring into question someone and make them seem guilty.”
Isak’s brows furrowed. “I truly do not. Did he cheat? Or did he somehow let business come before pleasure. Though perhaps he was not as changed a man as I assumed.”
Steve balled his fists in his hands. “I have apologized and I will continue seeking forgiveness. I will continue to show Tony that I care and love him…something that you clearly don’t.”
“Okay, just make sure the blood is gone from you. I don’t want Tony seeing that,” Steve said, passing Natasha on his way out. “And leave the door cracked, just a little.”
“Tony I can’t handle it okay! I can’t handle your nightmares and knowing that you’re broken because of me,” Steve exclaimed loudly, interrupting Tony midsentence.
Tony pulled on the hoodie. It was about a size larger than him, but Tony was definitely more fine with that then being naked. Cali looked at him and smiled sadly.
Nathaniel ran up to the stage ready to take the mic. “Be careful who you talk about Nathaniel. Some people here sign your checks.”
Ryder had not been with him sexually, but that is not to say that he hadn’t tried. Ryder had tried on many occasions, but Tony had remained steadfast with his decision to not let Ryder ever have him that way again. Ryder sometimes hit him as though physically proclaiming his disapproval. After the first few times, he apologized. He stopped shortly after when Tony would turn his face away.
The only other person that was in the kitchen was Natasha. Natasha smiled warmly at the two, before handing a cup of coffee to Tony.
Rhodey’s eyes trained hard on the sandcastle that Miles and Tony had been building. He wanted Tony to be happy. Tony was his little brother and he wanted to protect him. Rhodey knew that Tony had a crush on Steve back in the day. He used to have a Captain America poster in his dorm room that he swears up and down to this day he didn’t. Sure, Steve had apologized and set about having his transgressions forgiven. He had signed the Accords. Tony and Steve had gotten along until recently.
“When I was your friend in college, I wanted nothing more than to be with you. Even then. Howard knew how I felt for you and perhaps that’s why I received that internship. I think he wanted to make sure you had a stable partner. He saw something in me and I am hoping you see the same,” Ryder softly sang.
“Perhaps I should reenact our time right here right now let Steve know how pretty the sounds you make are, when you cry,” Ryder laughed. “Let him hear you cry and not be able to do anything about it.”
So here Tony was staring at the phone. He wanted to tell Steve how he was hurting. He wanted to admit to him that he wasn’t okay and that he wanted all of them back. He wanted them to come back not just because he got a deal to pardon them, but because they wanted to come back home.
With each cry of hatred, Tony’s words fell down into harsh whispers. Soon the weight of all the emotions and relief of finally letting go, after all this years forced him down onto his knees. He hit the stone, ignoring the way it scraped against his knuckles. A sob broke away from him and he coughed, air trying to fill into his lungs at the same time.
“Oh, I know so. Okay arms up,” Tony said as he took of Miles’ night shirt and put on a long sleeve. “We’ll put on your coat jacket when we go outside. I don’t want you getting too hot. Alright legs now.”
Tony clenched his jaw so hard he was afraid his teeth would crush at the pressure. Ryder turned to him easily.
“A little bit of everything. Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll be fine. After all you were the stronger of us, didn’t you always remind me of such. So surely you can handle this,” Tony slyly said.
Steve’s mind immediately began to filter in and out everything that Tony told him about Ryder. The malice he felt thrumming inside of him needed to come out. Hot breaths came out of his lips and he clenched his teeth so hard that pain trickled into his jaw.
Clint shifted in his seat and brought a hand to scratch his neck. “Yeah, we talked. The first time I called her, she cursed me out then hung up. The second time she told me how she never thought I would turn out to be a deadbeat dad like my old man, but here she was proven wrong.”
“Dead idiots,” Ryder pointed out looking briefly at the Avengers and managed to get out watery laugh out of Tony. “There’s my guy. Okay, soft couch. Though we really ought to get a new one. Okay, feel like participating? Green cup.”
And it was at that point Steve lost it. Just the thought of him getting anywhere near Tony had him seeing red. He was out of his seat, without a second glance. Even Bucky and Natasha weren’t able to clasp a hand onto his shoulders so that he would remain in his seat.
Jaime laughed and shrugged his shoulders. “I’m sorry Mr. Rogers, but the game doesn’t lie. Perhaps you’re just not as good as you thought.”
Sighs, next chapter is going to be a lot because.... you know what let's keep this a mystery cause sometimes I don't even know the path my writing will take me on *however, I am gonna crack open a tub of ice cream and prepare to get ready for this next chapter (of course after I get done with this final)*
“So you’re also making me a piece of jewelry. Aww, Steve man I’m so touched,” Clint said swooning into Steve’s side.
He had to clean up even just a little bit. He didn’t want to come see Tony and smell like quite literally blood, sweat, and tears. So he resolved to check on Tony briefly to let him know he was there, take a quick shower, and then return to wherever Tony was.
Steve looked down at his clasped hands. “Ryder is his boyfriend. I have to respect their relationship.”
Ryder groaned. “It seems like you were right about Rogers actually being a problem and the whole Avenger family and Tony’s joy of adopting strays.”
Steve’s mouth went to open, but Tony immediately shook his head. “Just don’t say anything because if you do I’m going to lose my nerve and force you to pretend that I never said anything.”
So he took Miles downstairs, one arm holding onto a slowly developing energetic kid and the other holding two toys to keep the child entertained.
“You look great,” Steve said as he walked toward Tony. Steve turned to Ryder and looked warningly at him. “Text me when you get there safely,” he whispered to Tony.
The music that had been playing softly all throughout the tower was now a little louder providing a nice background sound.
“It is,” Bucky agreed. “I just don’t agree why you’ve been talking all day about how romantic Steve is. Like hello…I’m fairly certain you’re not married to Steve.”
Remember that the expose will happen in either Ch. 19 or Ch. 20 so please prepare yourselves. You have been warned lol.
The heat that had burned in Steve simmered down to a chill. He didn’t want to turn around and have his fears confirmed. He looked to body behind Fury’s and his expression shut off, before he dropped Isak’s body and in two long strides came to the door.
“It’s the only way that Ryder may slip,” Fury told them. “Look, this is a man who is probably the best person at hiding and manipulating people around him. And if I’m being honest there’s always just this small margin of error that we do have the wrong-”
“You are,” Steve said turning to Natasha. “Look can you come with us. I’m sure we can go if Karen knows you’re coming.”
The sound of ringing stopped Clint’s statement. Soon all of them silenced themselves as Steve ran back to his phone. Natasha discreetly sent commands for FRIDAY to track the call and motioned that they all remain silent. Even Steve who had begun to say hello was silenced by Natasha. Now he knew why. It didn’t seem like Tony even knew he had called Steve.
“You really didn’t. Plus who goes to the movies with their decathlon members? I mean that’s great team bonding. I guess,” Tony added, while pushing the cart to the other aisle. “But that sounds really fun. What movie are you all seeing? Do you need some money? That way you could offer to buy Michelle’s ticket at least.”
“Oh, just some fan of SI wanted to know when I was going to open up the internship application. I was just telling her we’re always accepting application no matter the time of the year,” Tony explained sneaking a strawberry for Miles bag.
Steve licked his lips. He clenched his jaw, all the while thinking about what Bucky had said. He knew there was merit in what Bucky was explaining to Steve. Steve just always figured he had to do things alone. Quite possibly that was the main reason for the things that led up to Siberia. If only he hadn’t thought he could shoulder everything with Bucky alone. Possibly if he had let Tony in and…
“Well, Tony that is quite a wonderful question, one which I would love to answer,” Ryder explained. “Because you’re a drunk just like your mother. You’re a murder and thief just like your father. And you’re more desperate than a whore on the street of a corner begging for change. You want all your friends to know how you just accepted what I gave you. You probably told them you were a victim, but you weren’t.”
Natasha leaned closer to him. “That night his parents left, Howard and Maria actually wanted to stay with Tony an extra day. Maria had insisted that Howard would let her stay to see Tony’s first piano recital in years. Tony was actually hoping to have the house to himself that night because he had already sent out invitations for a party. So Tony explained that they could catch the next flight and that he had already pulled the car out front for them. He literally pushed his parents out the door. He got the news of their death one hour into the party.”
Natasha’s curt statement did nothing to ease Wanda’s silent unease. Natasha listened to Miles cry. She whispered soft words to him in hopes of calming him down.
She shook her head forlornly. “No one knows. Ryder had one driver whom he trusted with the location and he would take us back and forth. We were all usually blindfolded or giving a sleeping agent for the amount of time it would take to reach our destination. The only one, who may have an idea where the headquarters for the CMPNY, would be in his close circle.”
“I am so sorry for the wait gentlemen. My name is Harry and I’ll be your waiter for this evening. Can I start you off with any drinks?” the waiter began.
“I have captured the startled expressions of Captain Rogers and Sgt. Barnes. Shall I send them to your phone Harley,” FRIDAY inquired.
Peter turned to face him and smile widely. “Yes, I am. It’s so cool to meet you Mr. Rogers or Captain America. Do you have a preferred title?”
A door opened. Hands rubbed the space between his shoulders. A light voice tried breaking through the screaming in Tony’s head.
Tony tried reigning in his laughter, but the more May talked the more he laughed. Seriously, May kept him entertained.
“Were you eavesdropping?” Steve questioned, hoping that for once Harley’s curious nature didn’t lead him to investigate.
But for the first time since he got that phone, his fingers hovered shakily over the call button. He wanted to call Steve to tell him…
“Dates here and there. Nothing is sticking quite yet. However, I am in a good place where I am fine being single and don’t really need anyone. If I happen to find someone that can add onto my life, then that’s great. If not I have the best job and the best friends in the world. Not too many people can say they have that.”
Steve laughed as he exited the room. On his way back, he bumped into Harley who was waiting by the candy machine. Harley jumped at his presence and smiled sheepishly at him.
“I mean Steve what would you have felt if your commanding officer led your team into a mission, where no one made it out alive. You had to tell fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters that the men and women they said goodbye to wouldn’t be coming back. What would you do if you later learned that mission was not even important? Those men and women died a careless death due to a misjudgment call?”
“Do you want me to be soft and gentle? You want me to kiss you softly in your ear and tell you just how beautiful you are and how I am the luckiest man alive to have been graced to call you mine,” Ryder whispered pushing Tony firmly onto the bed.
“It does gain our attention, when these civilian affairs are interwoven into our own,” Steve gritted out.
Steve hadn’t being in the presences of the man behind those tears and not being able to do anything about it…yet.
“Oh, come on. When they came by the orphanage did you not see how he literally bent over backwards for his mom?”
Steve nodded his head. “What good will it do? Look these feelings will go away and if not I can just try to be happy that Tony is safe and happy.”
“Then why ask how I’m holding up, if you obviously already know,” he questioned back, all of a sudden feeling angry.
Then my writing imagination decided to expand that to nearly 20k (composing of 37 pages) of an epilogue. BTW I wanted to break this into two chapters, but I don't like to end things on an odd number. So sorry if it's so long. Take an intermission at the line break, during Tony's section starting with *Five hours previously* if you need to rest your eyes :)
Steve turned away and wished he could just disappear. He made moves to step away, but Tony’s grip on his elbow forced him to stay rooted in his spot. He knew he could easily break out of his hold, but that touch on his elbow sent a shiver coursing through his body. He looked at Tony’s hand on his elbow and sighed.
“I said maybe that’s what he wanted,” Isak told him. “I mean haven’t you heard about roleplay, kinks, BDSM, and you know all of that. Never mind, I forget who I am asking. Forget that you are Mr. Cookie Cutter All-American Golden Boy USA and all that.”
Tony’s phone began ringing as it had been doing so all throughout the day. He looked down at it and was not surprised to see Ryder calling him again. Ryder had tried calling him ever since this morning, but he had since ignored him. Tony didn’t particularly feel like engaging in conversation with Ryder for right now. He knew that eventually he would have to talk to him again, but he was actually having a good day today and he didn’t want it to be ruined.
Miles shook his head. “Baba don’t be mad at Peter. I hide the cookies for a long time, then eat them,” Miles said smiling brightly with a crushed cookie in his hand. “Want one?”
So here he was with Miles and Steve at the grocery store with what almost seemed like a hundred people running up and down the aisles in hopes of gathering groceries to prepare for their Christmas meal.
“So if you want to make sure that people like the police, the president, military powers, and other people in authoritative positions have a check on their power…why do you exclude yourself? Because all of those people are not perfect, they make bad judgment calls. You all are human despite a serum running through your blood or years of assassin training. Not one of you all can make the right choice all the time for the people.”
Steve wrapped his arms tighter around Tony, shocked that he hadn’t said anything to him about the similarities between this hospital room and the room he was kept in. His complaints about being in the hospital had all been taken as his general dislike for being in the hospital. So the others hadn’t really brought into question why he really wanted to leave after the second day, despite knowing he needed medical attention. Steve allowed himself a second of guilt, before he pushed that feeling away to be experienced at another time. Right now he had someone to take care of and he couldn’t do that with guilt rearing at the forefront of his thoughts.
The name felt familiar, but it felt dangerous on Ryder’s lips. Tony continued to feel muffled and constrained in his own mind. He thought of Steve. Steve. He felt a warm kiss on a cheek. He felt a coolness on his wrist.
“No one needs to tell me that. I do that all myself. I should have known something was off.  There should have been something I didn’t see. I mean how do I have spider-senses and they can’t even tell me when someone close to me is hurting,” Peter rasped.
Three weeks had gone by, since Tony had last seen Ryder. Three weeks had slowly passed by, spent with looking at blank ceilings as Steve tried coaxing him back to sleep. Tony had counted those three weeks, always noticing that the time was moving forward even if he felt like he was still in the same spot that he had been in. His therapist said it was okay to feel like this. Tony of course had greatly disagreed, citing the fact that he just needed to fucking move on. He was tired of these weeks draining him, how Ryder’s presence still lingered long after he had left.
Natasha wished that she could act now. She was going restless with knowing that Ryder’s eyes hadn’t been gauged out yet. Might as well speed up the blinding process.
He allowed a break to exist in his voice, faking emotion that he no longer held from the man opposite of him.
“Knowing Tony he probably is,” Steve said feeling slightly better. “Plus he can talk awhile, especially if it’s anything in regards to science.”
Miriam rolled her eyes ignoring how Tony dry heaved. She drank the last bit of that bottle and tossed it to the side.
So now he and Karen were just waiting for the little judges to finish scoring the buildings. Tony knew his was going to win and if he didn’t someone clearly bribed one of the kids with some candy. Then Tony would bet it was Clint that had been involved in bribery.
“It’s not okay,” Peter rasped. “It’s hard because I still wake up expecting to look at my calendar and mark down another day you’ve been missing. And I’m trying to get…to get over this fear of getting a call from Aunt May saying no one’s found you.”
Tony shuffled him back onto his bed and pulled the covers over him. Miles easily went back to sleep and Tony stayed for a second longer, before he decided that he could go back to bed.
“No, actually that’s not fair. What the hell were you thinking writing that letter to me professing your love or something? You don’t love me Rogers. I don’t know what’s happened between here and then because we’re barely friends! Plus did you just expect to write a letter and poof everything becomes like one of those Disney movies? Huh?”
Staring at the shadows cast from the blankets, settled the anxiety that was quickly building in his chest. He knew he couldn’t afford to have a panic attack here, despite him having one nearly every other day, when he woke up and briefly forgot where he was. Even now having the knowledge that Ryder was dead did not help to ease this imaginary weight settling atop of him.
Sam picked apart his at his palms. He wanted to check-in and make sure Tony was okay. But how could he be okay, right now? Sam resolved to find a way to help Tony in whatever way he could. He hadn’t really been there for him before, what with his role only being really to help Steve with Bucky, but he would change that.
“No, I promise I’m awake. Steve we can watch a movie and I’ll stay awake. Look I can even go grab coffee, there’s no reason for me to leave right now. Look night time television is the best…okay actually it’s the worst. Nothing is on, but infomercials. So Netflix it is. FRIDAY girl can you que up Netflix?”
Ryder sat down on the bed and motioned for Winston to follow him. Ryder sat behind Winston and began taking off his own clothes. Tony started to breathe harshly and his fingers shook as he tried undoing the rest of his shirt buttons.
He was back in his dorm, when he got the news his parents died. He was back in Afghanistan, when he realized Yinsen was dead and wasn’t coming back. He was back in Siberia with a broken arc reactor and the knowledge that his…that Steve had hidden the truth about his parents’ death.
“No, thank you Rogers,” Ryder bit out. “I would still like to take my boyfriend out to dinner. Tony?”
“Nope, you don’t get to do that. As a wounded patient I require you tell me what’s got you smiling like that,” Tony demanded.
“And I know you have Ryder, but I can’t help thinking that you deserve better. Perhaps I’m selfish in wanting that better to be me even if I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.”
He faintly remembered watching a couple bicker over this, while he was waiting for his mark. He remembered the guy assuring his girlfriend that he wasn’t checking out the waitress. After a few minutes of talking, the guy leaned over to offer her a chaste kiss and the girl accepted it softly bringing him closer.
Steve stood outside the cell that Ryder had been placed in. He was unconscious all from the interrogation room at SHIELD to the Raft. He hadn’t even woken, when the guards had taken his body and began moving him.
“Isak, please do not turn me away,” Ryder said, motioning to his brother’s child. “How old is your child?’
The weeks leading up to the fight against Thanos, they had grown closer and talked. He had yelled, Steve had put forth the same just as frustrated at how things had gotten so wrong between them. The two of them often felt so much it was hard to explain that was the reason they could never just let things breathe and actually talk.
Pepper leaned back in her beach chair as she observed Tony instructing Miles on how to build a proper sandcastle. Miles had been adamant that they include seashells, while they were building the sandcastle. Tony wanted to add the seashells after they foundation had been laid out. Amusement settled warmly in Pepper as she noticed a familiar trademark Stark look of exasperation take Miles’ face.
He rolled to his side and curled into himself, struggling to find warmth that his body just didn’t produce anymore. Ryder only let him wear his underwear and he had taken his blankets and pillows, when Tony had tried to smother Ryder at night. Ryder had been sleeping, a heavy presence behind Tony. Tony had slipped from the bed and climbed on top of Ryder and tried to smother him.
His body greedily took in the air that was offered. Miriam wiped off the water from her cheek that had flown on there, when they pulled Tony back up.
“Alright, let’s not get two attached to the idea of being Steve’s best man,” Natasha said seriously.
“Please, Buck for the love of…I really don’t want to hear about you and Sam’s sex life,” Steve said, shuddering at just the thought.
“Yes, you are. What exactly do you call hitting me, raping me, manipulating me, and just this whole thing in the middle of I don’t even know,” Tony shouted with growing fever. “I don’t know what story you have concocted into your head, but this is torture. This is abuse.”
The two remained silent. Pepper picked up the book she had been reading in hopes of taking her mind off of the real reason they had taken a whole month vacation. Sure, she was always up for spending more time with her family and it had been nice. It was much needed as well. Also she knew that Tony needed some time away from the tower, after Steve’s departure.
“You watch this?” Steve said, but secretly wanting to know if Tony’s offer had been genuine. He would gladly watch this show with all these girls crying and discussing their family vacation, if it meant more time with Tony.
“Is this the little girl I carried? Is this the little boy at play? I don't remember growing older, when did they?” The receptionist’s somber voice sang.
Steve prepared himself, mentally. He hadn’t known that there was another folder associated with this case. He opened the file and his stomach sank. He hadn’t known…when had they…Tony had to have known about this, because it looks like it was all taking willingly…but…
No, that wasn’t what he truly wanted. Well, yes he wanted all of those things, but they weren’t at the top of his list.
He needed everything to be special, so he kept checking in with his messages and sending texts back and forth between people making sure everything was falling into place.
“It’s okay,” Steve muttered, picking up Tony and hooking one arm underneath his knees and the other supporting his back. Tony curled into the embrace and opened his eyes, dazedly looking at everyone.
Steve breathed out harshly, turning away for a second to discreetly send out a group text message. He had been so close to potentially stopping Tony from going back to Ryder. If only he had stayed at the door, until he came out. Or he should’ve called his phone and urged him to come outside. He should have done something, maybe then he wouldn’t have suffered so much.
“Rules of which were never specified,” Thor asserted. “Therefore, it seems as though the only one who can decide whether or not I get a redo is the judge himself Tony. Tony, son of Stark, man of iron, brother in arms…will you allow me the honor of redoing my presentation?”
“What so now you’re getting mad at us because we’re telling you the truth like a petulant child?” Bucky shouted pushing back at Steve. “Don’t get mad at us because we’re voicing what’s really going on. You’re not in some bubble anymore Steve! This is your reality and if you choose to spend it pretending that the actions you did equates to love, then possibly the years have changed you more than I thought.”
Tony shook his head. “No, of course I don’t. I don’t know how many times I have to tell you. All of that meant nothing.”
“But I’m done. Just thankful for everyone. I love you,” Tony exclaimed, kissing Steve briefly on the cheek.
Harry went toward their table with their food and drinks. Looking at them, he noticed they had a somber attitude. He knew he certainly didn’t leave them like that.
Pepper had helped him cover it up with an international SI meeting and saying that Ryder had been caught up in some illegal stuff and had been arrested. That was of course days before, they learned of his “death.” Then it was Dr. Deaver had passed away, while in prison.
Pepper sent a text to Steve and walked into the lab. Rhodey was sitting dozed off in a chair and Pepper paused to flick him upside the ear. Startled, Rhodey surged away eyes blinking away any sleepiness.
“Yeah, gym doesn’t count. Plus we got a new gym teacher and everyone says he’s the worst,” Peter stated. “So can we please leave early?”
He went to put everything back and made sure to clean the kitchen counter. He turned to look back at Tony whose eyes were starting to look heavy. “Well I guess I’ll be heading back to my room now.”
Though Fury had still seemed slightly weary over handing over a seemingly innocent civilian for questioning, he had nevertheless willingly given away the background information on the two individuals. Fury had rather them have all the information at hand over the Avengers trying to fill in the missing gaps.
Steve made no move, but instead straightened his shoulders. “I shouldn’t have left. I don’t know what your plan is, but I was a fool to have even somehow fall right into it. You may think that I’m bad for Tony, but I’m not. I was stupid and naïve for listening to you.”
“Tell me why I am really here. I have doubt that you called me in here to talk about an incident that happened years ago, when I was a kid. Surely, you wish to get some other matters off your chest because I had never realized just how much the Avengers pay attention to civilian affairs.”
“I came over here so fast Mr. Stark I swear, but I couldn’t get a good luck at her,” Peter whispered. “I’m sorry.”
Coulson collapsed into the chair, placed beside the window and pressed the palm of his hands into his eyes. He breathed out sharply and tried reigning in the sense of panic at everything that was going on. Ignoring his panic, never fared well for him.
Have a great day! Next update is scheduled for 7/27 (Friday) and then we'll restart back on our Saturday updates :)
“Ah, now I see why it is that you want me hear from. You should have just asked from the start,” Isak suggested rolling his shirt sleeve up. “It will be of no problem of mine to ask what is on your mind.”
“And I’ll get a cheeseburger? I really want a cheeseburger Steve. They don’t…they only give me these weird patches and say they’ll make me full, but they only make me tired. Cali snuck me a milkshake though and other food sometimes. She’s nice,” Tony slurred. “I’m sleepy. I can’t talk anymore.”
“Now how many hearts did you break. ‘Cause I know if I had you for one night and then it was over, I’d be in tears Steve. Honest tears, heavy sobs. No lie and not to expand your ego because I’m sure being Captain America and having the hottest and most awesome boyfriend in the world does that for you already…but you are unfairly good at this.”
This time he decided to check it and was surprised to see Nick Fury calling him. He picked it up and answered.
Clint rolled his eyes and threw his feet onto Tony’s lap. Tony stared Clint down, but didn’t make any attempt to remove Clint’s cold feet. Peter smiled at the interaction, though small it was a move toward the teasing sibling relationship the two had before everything with the Accords went down.
And then the wound on his shoulder left from Clint’s arrow was also bleeding. Steve hoped both arms would lose function.
Peter’s harsh breathing and sudden appearance caused everyone to turn their direction toward him. Rhodey told FRIDAY to pause the movie. Peter set Miles on the couch beside Steve and opened his mouth.
“Shh, let me finish,” Ryder said. “He would remove your clothes as if they were an outward expression of those walls you’ve built around yourself.”
“For getting Steve to come back. The others would have never came back, if it weren’t for him. And I know Steve was only going to come back, if you were. So thanks umm for that.”
“Can I have some more strawberries baba,” Miles said quickly running to Tony and throwing himself onto his lap. “I’m hungry.”
“Make the god a breakfast for the gods and he still wants over processed sweets,” Natasha exclaimed, setting her own breakfast down.
Peter’s bottom lip trembled and his throat shook with the struggle to breathe easily. “You said he’s with Ryder. Why? Are they just on a date? When is he coming back?”
“You know when my father died, I blamed myself,” Shuri started off shakily. “Every time the news came on I saw the destruction. And I thought to myself if I had created this suit for underneath my father’s business suit he would still be alive. If I had been there, I could have saved him. I could have done something.”
There in Peter’s room was a makeshift pillow fort. It looked as though Peter and Harley had all taken their individual pillows and sheets from their bedroom and loaded them in here. Tony could see Harley’s head peaking just outside the fort and next to him laid Miles with his hands grasped tightly on Mr. Penguin.
The two continued down the main floor hallways until Tony noticed a figure approach them. The figure came into focus as he got closer. Upon closer inspection, Tony realized it was Harley. Miles immediately wiggled on Tony’s hip in hopes that Tony would let him go. Tony did as Miles wanted and watched as Miles ran to Harley, who easily picked him up.
His teeth chattered and he looked as though he had finally lost it. His last grip on sanity was falling away before their eyes. Though Steve had doubts that there was even much of it to begin with.
Word of advice to anyone working on a student film, make sure your producer reserves the location where you are supposed to be filming. Otherwise, you have to scout for a space and that causes you to have to schedule more filming times because things got pushed back, yay! On the other hand I love the cast and crew, they are special human beings and I love them. So thanks for letting me work on that!
Spit was thrown onto the eye of Ryder as Tony cut his fingers into the underside of Ryder’s knee. Backs bounced off the walls. Wounds opened and released their cries onto the floor beneath them.
Miles’ lips began to quiver at this and Tony wondered what he had said, before Miles began letting out large bawling sobs. Tony quickly brought him closer to his chest and rubbed his back soothingly.
He quickly went over to Miles and saw that the kid had accidentally accepted an incoming call from Rhodey and transferred it to the screen above him. Miles looked between the two screens where Rhodey’s face was displayed and began to frown trying to understand what was happening and why his game had stopped.
“Same. I know you think I’m amazing, but even four board meetings got me tuckered out,” Pepper said. “But maybe I’ll come by tomorrow, okay?”
Bleary eyes turned to stare at the door, which Tony knew was locked. He had tried many times to find a way out of this space, but there was no place of exit. He nearly begged Cali to just let him go and damn the consequences, at least he could try. There had to be some way to leave. She had helped last time, so why wasn’t she helping him now when he really needed it?
Michelle rolled her eyes and sighed. “I swear if I hadn’t just done an interview with you both, I would assume that you couldn’t speak.”
Tony quickly refused to focus on all of this. He had a four year old to wake up and get ready to go to Peter’s school for some school program being put on. Peter had been talking about this presentation for weeks and Tony sure wasn’t going to be late. Also May would have his head, if he showed up less than five minutes before the program begin.
Clint kept on pointing out things in the wall, until he got to one particular crack in the wall that had Tony’s body tensing and locking up. Clint’s eyes widened, head tilted to the side. He pointed at the mark curiously. Tony wished the ground would swallow him up whole and keep him there or of course Clint could just go past this hole.
“Anyways Tony is opening up his home for all of you in hopes that you all forgive him. He often makes these gestures to seek out the approval or forgiveness from someone. Sometimes he isn’t even aware he’s doing it,” she said glumly.  “He has such this forgiving nature, when in all actuality no one should be forgiven. And yet he has this silly belief that he’s the one that needs to be forgiven. Mind telling me what for?”
“Tony is fully capable of taking care of himself Steve,” Natasha added once she knew Steve wasn’t going to say anything else on his unfinished sentence.
Rhodey raised one shoulder. “Just that Miranda and I will definitely be going on a date. It’s just that it’ll be our third date.”
Tony lifted one shoulder. “I don’t know. It’s funny because my dad never knew the days, when big things were happening in my life. But suddenly Ryder starts working for him and surprise he’s scheduled Ryder for every single day something important is going on in my life.”
Natasha then stood up to make herself something to eat, before sitting on the floor next to Clint. Everyone continued to watch the Food Network channel and all the shows that were coming on. Nearly an hour later, Tony came in with Tony and Peter.
I made a few changes and if you're like me sometimes you need those addressed. The Christmas party in the story is now taking place on Dec. 25th on a Saturday instead of Dec. 23. (I'll edit that change later). Also Peter's AI is called APRIL instead of KAREN, since I already have a Karen.
“You say that you wanted to sever all ties with him, yet you readily accepted him into your home and then went on a ride with him,” Steve addressed disbelievingly. “It doesn’t appear to me that you were all that separated from your brother as you say so. Leads me to wonder what exactly else you are hiding.”
Miles pushed away from Peter’s arms so that he could be placed on the ground. He gave Tony a kiss on the check and patted the spot twice.
He let a satisfied smirk spread across his face, before punching the bag that Bucky was holding. Four days would go by easily enough, at least with his mind thinking of the many ways he could make sure Ryder regretted the day that he was even born.
Tony was brought to silence, then shook his head. Tony needed to learn how to not immediately make something out of nothing. Tony handed Steve a wristband and put on his as well. They moved through the crowds of children and watched as the volunteers gathered their children or went to their own stations. Tony spotted Jaime and walked toward him.
Pepper shook her head. “Oh, no don’t do that Tony. After all you do need that insurance,” she joked. “But anyways back to the question because we steered away. Is there anything we can do to help you? I mean…like do you want to talk about it?”
Ryder laughed and sat down in his seat. He tilted the cup back and drank its contents, before replying. “I hardly see the problem here. The boy said he was thirsty and I was giving him something to drink.”
The saddest part was watching the kids come into Tony’s room those days. Steve would watch as they entered the room, eyes hopeful that things were just a dream and that possibly Tony was waiting for them in the room. Seeing that hope in their eyes, felt like a revival. It felt like all Steve had to do was hope that they would find Tony in time.
“Lies. He went outside once and that was to check the weather,” Sam told Natasha, laughing slightly.
Steve wasn’t calmed in the least and his eyes darted between the two teenagers. “Peter come on son, what’s wrong.”
“I’m going to kill him,” Steve growled low under his breath. “I don’t know how you feel about this, but my decision will not change. If you have problems with that I suggest you go back with Pepper and Rhodey.”
Tony couldn’t allow himself to think of the what- ifs. He had to live with the definite. And it was definite that Ryder was gone and he simply couldn’t hurt him anymore and that…that…
He bit his lip. He stared back at Tony’s sleeping face and longed for the bright eyed expression of Tony. He let his thoughts stay between himself as he looked around the room. He was so caught up in his thoughts and looking at Tony, that he hadn’t heard the door open behind him.
It was true. As soon as Steve had walked into the ballroom, he was met with many people trying to say hello. Thankfully, they soon understood the need for privacy and space and returned to their own assigned tables.
Harley bounced excitedly on his feet and nodded. He never got what was the excitement over leaving school early because he always wanted to stay there longer. However, he also had a reason for not really wanting to go home. When Peter turned back giving a thumbs up, Tony grinned.
At that moment all Steve wanted to do was lean his head down and press a kiss against Tony’s cheek. But he practiced his self-restraint.
“I didn’t do anything. Besides you know I’m not a fan of my dad so whatever he did to you I had no part in it” Tony attempted explaining while trying to wiggle his way from underneath Ryder. He turned his wet eyes to Cali who was hiding behind Miriam. Cali caught his gaze briefly then turned to stare at the ear of another observer that Ryder had brought in.
He was entirely grateful that it was freezing outside and his choice of apparel wouldn’t be questioned. Plus the turtleneck would hide the bruises that Ryder had left above the collar. Thankfully none of his marks above his neck had stayed. Ryder had at least been mindful of that.
Steve laid the food before Miles and sat down with his own plate of food. Miles looked at his plate and turned to Steve with an unimpressed glare.
“I don’t know where this place is. Ryder doesn’t allow any of us to know where we are. He only has one trusted driver…or he did. But I think I can help you in finding someone who does. Of course in exchange for my sister,” Cali said.
P.S. Sorry for any mistakes (hope there's not too many). I wrote this with a headache, but I really wanted to get it out since I'm so far behind lol. But I'll edit any possible ones when I pop some Advil and take a nap :)
Clint began to smile widely. “Nothing. I was just beginning to wonder if you could talk for more than one sentence. But that’s good. Glad that things are getting better for you.”
Ryder stayed beside him most nights. He would curl into the spot behind Tony and tell him about his day. He would tell him how he went to the boy’s school to observe Winston. He told him how he went by the tower and on one even noticed.
“There’s nothing you can do.” At Isak’s pause, Steve continued, “Because there is nothing that you could possibly do that would make me believe you aren’t Ryder. What I don’t understand is your compulsion to keep lying to my face.”
“You don’t understand. Tony was everything to Ryder then he was just cut of his life without a second glance. So Ryder went to Africa to study abroad and then found his place there. Later he found out the Starks had died in a car crash and decided to take over the CMPNY. No one had much complaint, since they never truly knew why this intern had left. And since he was rather close to Howard, they all figured he would be a fine option. After all Ryder was pretty influential,” she said softly.
At the sound of you, U came from its corner around the lab’s couch and pushed DUM-E aside. DUM-E made a noise of discontent whirring closer to get to Tony. A huff of raspy laughter broke through as Tony watched as DUM-E and U fought over who was able to get closer to Tony.
“Of course I’m saying no Nat,” he quickly said breaking out of his brief panic. “I just…I can’t let him propose in public. Fuck. Do me a favor start spreading the word that everyone needs to leave. Let Pepper handle the journalists. I need to go speak with Ryder in private and tell him that it’s over.”
“Umm…no. At least not yet, but that’s okay. They’ll eventually get there. We’ll get there. Why are you asking all these questions? You’ve been cooped up in your house for too long?”
She was startled slightly by the use of English. However, she pushed that aside seeing as how he probably had not mentally switched back to Norwegian since he was last speaking to his brother. He shook and his red eyes bore into hers. Eva took note of the many tubes and came closer to him, offering him her hand.
If Tony hadn’t known any better, he might have taken the suggestion without a hint of confusion. But alas he regarded his AI with the respect that all of his creations had. Heading to the elevator, he realized that the music playing still followed him. He supposed that maybe someone had hooked up their music to the entire Tower’s sound system.
“You don’t have to thank us Tony. That’s…that’s not what…” Steve shook his head. “I’m sorry it took us so long. There’s no excuses.”
I tried grammar/spell-checking with a fine toothed-comb but after 28 pages some stuff may get lost in the cracks. So if you see anything complete off base, please feel free to let me know!
“It’s really not,” Natasha broke in, hands reaching out to wrap herself around Tony, but stopping shortly. “Can I-” she started, the intent clearly in her actions.
Happy laughed all his way to the driver’s seat and continuously kept joking about this on the way to the tower. When they arrived, Happy dropped them off. The four of them then travelled onto the main floor stopping by the kitchen since it was lunch time. Tony pulled out stuff to make sandwiches and went to work on individually preparing them. After he was done making their lunches he pushed it in front of them.
Tony looked up as he heard the sound of pants meeting the floor. Winston was now straddling Ryder’s lap. Ryder smirked and attached his lips to Winston’s neck, while directly looking at Tony. Winston’s head lolled back in satisfaction and then he turned his face to meet Tony’s.
“Peter, it’s not your fault. No need to apologize. You got there right on time and you realized something before I did. It’s time to go home anyways,” Tony said and if he held Miles a little tighter on the walk to his car no one would be the wiser.
“I’m not lying,” Tony bit out. “Look you don’t know me and to be perfectly honest I was having a wonderful time with my son until you interrupted. So please feel free to excuse yourself.”
When Tony and Miles came back to the tower, Miles was already excitedly asking if he could go find his Aunt Nat and show her the cool seashells he brought back. Pepper and Rhodey had dropped them off with promises to try doing a little vacation one weekend every month.
“I know. I know, Steve,” he said back, his throat suddenly feeling tight and eyes starting to burn. His lips trembled and he let a soft cry escape, before he too was crying.
Miriam shook her head. “I don’t think so. You know Ryder told me to get you clean. I am pretty sure he meant your whole body. Eva, Luka down.”
“Would it be alright if I check on Tony, first? Then I can come down to visit the kids,” Steve inquired.
Bucky would come in silently, content with providing surveillance and making sure all points of entrances were covered.
Steve had wanted to ask, but was unsure whether he wanted the answer. Thankfully, Cali saw through him. She stared over Steve’s shoulder and slumped forward as though trying to make herself appear smaller.
“Mr. Mean Bad One make baba look scared,” Miles said. His wide eyes were full of terror and unshed tears as he pulled on the pants leg of Steve. “Mr. Steve. Mr. Steve.” Then he turned to Natasha. “Aunt Natasha please.”
I tried continuing fluff to make up for the next chapters, but well...And thanks for all the wonderful comments! I hope to respond to them soon 'cause I'm a little behind :)
“Two year? Two year?” Bucky repeated. “No that’s not possible. I wouldn’t have missed our anniversary.”
He looked back down at the scratches and could distinctly outline which ones from where Tony had pushed him away and which ones were from Tony urging him to stay. He shakily ran a finger over the scratch, remembering Tony’s lost eyes as doctors tried to get him on the gurney and be led to his room.
“Well I would win, if you didn’t always have three draw fours in your hand,” Harley shouted back. “I mean I’m pretty sure you’re cheating.”
Sighing he grabbed onto soap, and pressed it into his skin. In some places, the scented soap soothed an ache that had been long buried just enough for Steve to settle in his revenge. Still Steve wondered if it was enough. He wondered, if all that he had done today would make him content later.
Tony went back to where Steve had been waiting. He walked behind him silently as he watched Steve try to shoot the moving ducks with the water gun. Steve’s mouth was tensed in concentration as he shot all of the ducks. Steve stood up proudly. The volunteer reached for a stuffed animal, but Steve stopped him.
When they were back on the quinjet, Steve finally allowed himself to hunch in, shoulders coming to the shells of his ears. No one said anything and he had been grateful for the silence. Even Clint who could ramble almost as fast as Tony did not dare to even breathe a word.
“And I would have kept so, if it weren’t for that darn meddling kid,” I joked looking at Miles. “Okay, I’m seriously sorry for not calling, but like I’ve been busy. I was eventually going to return all of your messages.”
Tony sharpened his eyes at Ryder. Ryder looked pleased with himself as he had been, during this whole conversation.
“I don’t think your brother would approve of this princess,” Peter said blushing brightly. “And I don’t know if I am going to ask her anyways. Not sure she’s even going to go.”
She looked through the keyhole and saw a man of presentable nature. Her husband didn’t really like opening the door to strangers, but she figured that he was probably just some business man trying to sell some security home system.
And guys can I just say you may need to buckle your seats for the next few chapters because...well I'm not going to spoil anything
Tony discreetly wiped at his lip and tried not staring at Steve’s. By Natasha’s unimpressed glare he knew he was not successful. Tony returned his gaze to Natasha and smiled widely.
He pointed toward the Iron Man Lego. “Now this is the protector of the tower. He’s on shift right now, watching over everyone in the tower…even though he doesn’t have to because he’s got this bad ass AI system. AI Systems is the little light coming from the fourth wall, which I have used red Lego blocks for.”
“Exhausted,” Natasha answered. “But still energized? Entertaining kids and getting things ready for the carnival is a job. I don’t know how Karen is able to do that all day.”
“Natasha, I heard you. This is a day for riding rides and eating large amounts of sugary filled treats. It is not a day to give a lesson in spy work,” Tony drawled out. “Isn’t that right Julie?”
“Mr. Stark and the others who have signed have gone to therapy. Though they set their own times, so it may not be as frequent as once a week because well people do get busy. Fortunately, it has helped though.”
His team was falling apart without Tony. There was this hole and nothing could fill it. Now they had to rely on some stranger to give them the only chance to find Tony. He hated how he had to rely on someone else…he hated the unsurety of it. He hated how it made him feel uneasy.
Pepper bit her lip and looked hesitatingly up at Tony. Tony tilted his head to the side. “What’s wrong Pep?”
Tony nodded his head against Steve, before pulling away slightly just so he could look Steve in the eyes. Tony reached out tentatively to run his fingers across the mark that was beginning to blossom under Steve’s eyes. It was small, but Tony hated the idea that he had placed Steve in a position to be hurt.
“There’s never a reason I could ever stop loving you. Puke and all,” he said, adding a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Alright, let’s get you all cleaned up and then put you to bed.”
He was pretty certain Steve would understand his silence on the matter. He chewed his bottom lip to the point it drew blood. He gave out a silent hiss and thought of all the things that could go wrong with him telling Steve about Ryder.
“Indeed, you are my fiancé,” Steve grinned, placing Tony’s hands into his own and running his fingers against the cool metal sitting on top of Tony’s warm skin.
“Okay, Miles can you tell me where your baba is,” Natasha questioned taking Miles from Steve’s arms. Miles easily went into her arms and pressed his face against her neck. She felt warm tears wet her skin and she tightened her grip on him. “Where’s the last place you saw him.”
Bucky, who had turned his attention back to the show they had been watching before he fell asleep, missed the way Tony clung tighter to Miles as Ryder wrapped an arm around him. His ears had turned back to the cartoon, which was now playing some type of frog movie. This meant he missed whatever Ryder had said into Tony’s ear.
Steve tried waking him up, but a sleeping Tony was a hard one to wake. So Steve hoped Tony wouldn’t mind him carrying him to his room. Carefully, Steve picked Tony up hooking an arm underneath his knees and behind his back. He gently cradled him close to his chest as he walked toward Tony’s room, which was thankfully on the main floor.
“Yes, you did. You begged for it. Everything that I gave you, you wanted it in waves. Don’t be shy in front of your friends. Certainly, a genius like you could remember pleading on his knees asking me not to leave.”
“He really wanted them. I mean at least he doesn’t know we actually have them. That way they can be a little reward if he eats his vegetables,” Steve replied. “Hope that wasn’t wrong. I mean of course I can eat them. He won’t know that they were ever there.”
It was only a few minutes into their visit there that Natasha, Thor, Bruce, Sam, and Clint all had to leave. They said it was just some business they had to take care of and seeing how Tony was not yet cleared to go into active field duty, he decided to stay.
“Okay, just let me supervisor know and check him out,” the nurse instructed. “Promise me you’ll look after him though.”
“Oh, seems like he’s not going to be fully cooperative with us Cali. Syringe,” Miriam questioned holding out her hand. Cali reached into the suitcase and grabbed a needle.
promised that you wouldn’t. You made yourself into a liar and you made it just that much harder for Tony to trust that anyone he loves will ever stay.”
“Fuck,” Steve said alongside his mouth taking a moment to gather himself at one tight clench of Tony’s body. A guttural groan tore from his chest as he bared down, slowly beginning to come apart himself.
“No,” Tony said. He didn’t want Steve brought into this conversation. He wanted Steve so far removed from this. He wouldn’t let Ryder ruin that for him. “I said no to your proposal because I wanted to. I don’t love you Ryder and you never gave me a reason to feel bad that I don’t.”
Steve’s smiled widened to the point where his cheeks were hurting. There was little to no doubt that Tony might have said no, but goodness was it wonderful seeing Tony’s lips form the word
“I knew that you had three people who you truly loved in your lifetime. Jarvis, Peggy, and your mom. I also know that you didn’t really have anything of theirs in your possessions. You had JARVIS, but then you didn’t. I know you told Peggy’s family that you didn’t deserve any of her old things. I knew that Maria’s family demanded that they receive everything of hers and you were too young to be able to contest that.”
He wanted to remember all of this, because it would probably be the last time he would ever be this close to Tony.
“He doesn’t have to. He’s not happy. At first I thought it was because of me, then I started thinking that maybe it’s because of you,” Steve suggested. “I love Tony and I don’t think you do. I know Tony doesn’t deserve to focus his attention on someone who can’t decide if he loves him or not, after nearly a year of being together.”
“I don’t know what to do and that’s selfish. I’m concerned over what I will do, when this directly affected you. I have all these feelings of anger and blind rage that I want to kill Ryder. He hurt you Tony…he hurt
Ryder stepped into the home, being mindful not to step on any toys. He smiled warmly at the child perched on his younger brother’s hips. He didn’t too much focus on the weary expression of his brother. He didn’t mind how his brother’s wife was handed the child and directed to go to their bedroom, while the two siblings visited.
He startled and nearly dropped the bucket of popcorn. Tony frowned, “Are you trying to send me to an early grave?”
“Do you trust me,” Steve said leaning closer to move his hands from Tony’s waist to place his hands to frame Tony’s face. He said softly again, the whisper this time only falling unto Tony’s ears. “Do you trust me?”
“I’m taking him home because he wants to go home. No offense, but this hospital isn’t a place where he feel safe or where he can even recover. Just send the stuff to Dr. Banner and we’ll cover it from there,” Steve announced.
“Come on Tony, don’t try to deny it. You can’t deny how you would come with a string of curses on your lips as though you were offering praise to me.”
Ryder had a moment to open his mouth and Steve knew enough from everything today to realize that he had heard enough. His foot came crashing against the back of Ryder’s head, effectively rendering him only unconscious.
“Everything with the Accords…I knew there were going to be some ruffled feathers. I expected you and me not to side on this. We’ve rarely done so in the past and it would have been nothing short of a miracle if we had agreed. So I had been prepared to fight for this and to work with you on it,” Tony managed to say, mouth tightening as Steve smoothed a thumb over raw flesh.
Red swollen eyes met Ryder’s. Tony turned his head and bit his lip, internally just wanting to leave. But Ryder had taken his phone, his money, and he didn’t even know where he was. Plus he couldn’t go out with his current appearance.
Though he thought maybe he could go back to being Tony if he finally resolved his issues with Rogers and fellow company. He just could never actually pick it up and call.
Tony twitched a little and looked down at Ryder’s hand. Surely, he wouldn’t…not here? Tony’s breath quickly picked back up again as Ryder slowly ran has hands up and down his leg. Thankfully, Ryder sensed this change and drew back instead placing his hands back into Tony’s.
“I mean Tony never admits what he truly needs. He just expects people to know his moods, likes, dislikes, and everything underneath the sun. And trust me I tried. Captain, you must believe me. I tried ever since we were young men just becoming adapted to college life. I tried so hard.”
Sam shrugged and mumbled something about spies. He looked up from where he was stirring his batter. Before Sam had the chance to enter, Bucky walked into the kitchen rubbing bleary eyes. Sam rolled his eyes at the mere presence of Bucky and sighed loudly. Bucky merely gave a dry smirk in response.
Tony frowned, sitting up and looking after Steve’s back. “Wait? You were breaking backs as small Steve? Pause, why am I hearing this now? Also why is that kind of hot? Steve! I know you hear me. Was little Steve Rogers putting it in?”
Harley laughed and grabbed Miles by his hand. Peter meanwhile followed Karen into the kitchen to help get the lunches ready.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “But Tony is the real one with the love interest. Don’t’ think I didn’t notice lover boy has been staying by your side, since we found you.”
The lights dimmed and a clip began to play on the projector. The scenes were entirely captivating and Tony found himself reminiscing about how he found joy in science as a young child through observing the world.
Steve’s cheeks flushed even more darkly at the suggestion. “That’s…that’s not…we wouldn’t do that. Goodness, Buck he’s not even broken up with Ryder yet.”
Steve became frustrated and began pacing back and forth. His hands ran through his hair trying to decide the next move. All of them were looking toward Steve waiting for a command. Steve stopped short at their undivided attention and realized that he needed to step up.
Next thing they knew Steve had pounced on Bucky and threw a punch toward his chin. Pure unrestrained anger flew outside of Steve. It seemed like that month holed up in Sam’s house really did affect Steve.
“So have fun at class. Steve should be done with his meeting later, so he’ll probably pick you up,” he said getting ready to turn around, but was stopped by Harley calling out to him.
Clint eventually went back to watch the movie the others had chosen, when Natasha had yelled his name. Natasha watched as Clint walked in and tried seeing if there was a difference in how Tony and Clint had exited and then entered.
“I tell no lies. Tony never let on that he did not like what I was doing. Our relationship was fine, until you came along. Then you come along and Tony begins distancing himself. I tried to revitalize our relationship. I gave him everything and I assumed that was never enough, since I could never live up to his childhood crush on the great hero of all time Captain America.”
“So what’s with this plan of breaking me out,” Tony questioned. “And let me say sour patch I am all for it. Hospital food sucks.”
“Hey lover boy, your phone’s been vibrating for the past 30 seconds,” Clint said grabbing Steve’s phone from the coffee table.
But despite all of his words of Tony being a disappointment that no one would ever be around, he still hoped someone would actually stay because they wanted and needed him.
“Does getting off to another guy turn you on Tony?” Ryder hissed mouthing against Tony’s skin. His fingers traveled lightly over the smooth skin there. “The idea of someone besides me turns you on.”
Rhodey was already at Leauna’s as Pepper and Tony arrived. Quickly, they all settled in and began catching up on what had all happened during the week. Tony was content to sit back and listen to his friends, just thankful to have them in this moment and all the ones he’d be fortunate to have.
But he hadn’t disagreed or pushed back. He was lonely. The Avengers weren’t there, Rhodey was still going through physical therapy, Pepper was dealing with business, and he just needed to have some company. Everyone had been gone and it reminded him of how things were always meant to be.
Steve nodded. “I do. I know that I’ll have to work back toward gaining Tony’s trust. This time I want my actions to speak for me and how I feel.”
Ryder sat back on the floor in front of Tony. “I want everything with you and feel like I deserve nothing with you. I know you have been patient and I hope you continue to be patient. I am trying here Tony. I just got jealous, but you cannot allow us to be separated from this. Because if I’m separated from you who else will be there for you? At the end of the day everyone leaves you, this past year is evidence of that,” Ryder cooed at Tony.
“But you’re dead and I’m glad for it. I’m thankful that I didn’t have your death on my hands…but I’m even more grateful you’re gone. My therapist says I may carry this for a while, but who knows maybe it’s the competitor in me but after today I’m leaving you here forever. I’m not coming back because for wherever the hell you’re watching I don’t want to give you the satisfaction of seeing me visit you here.”
They were all gathered around the table, save the exception of Pepper, Miles, and Harley who had all eaten an earlier dinner. The atmosphere was a little better, knowing that finally some information into regards of where Tony was located was coming. He had been unsure of what information Cali might bring, but they were hopeful. They were constantly on alert waiting for a notice from FRIDAY about her arrival, but the AI hadn’t said anything yet. So here they were trying to ease the nerves, before this stranger came.
He was pulled up again. His head rolled to the side and he couldn’t stop coughing up water. Miriam looked gleefully at him. Eva seemed distraught and Luka by then had left at Miriam’s insistence. He remembered Luka hesitating at pushing him back in and had hoped that would be the end. But then Miriam had taken over and she seemed harsher in her movements.
“Movement is the last manifestation of your reality. It is not what you say, but what you do that confirms who you are. So your promise not to leave never mattered, once your actions belied your words.”
Unfortunately, Steve was more than dirty to be in a place like the kitchen. In fact, he had half the mind that they should have washed up at the communal showers on the third floor, before returning to the main one.
“Tony look at everything around you. Those children’s smiles are because you have enriched their lives far greater than money ever could. You have fed into their lives so much more than their family members, friends, and hell sometimes me ever had. Tony these kids are inspired by you. Sure, toys are great, but they don’t last. But you Tony…the lessons you impart on them and the comfort they receive whenever you talk to them is all they ever need. All they need is love and you give that to them so much that it overflows.”
“Tony, hey Tony I’m right here,” Steve murmured. “Can you open your eyes for me? Let me see those nice brown eyes.”
He had seen the calculation in Steve’s eyes a sign that he had known that a paralyzed soldier would not be able to continue up the ranks, no less be around other soldiers who he thought were less than himself because of the color of their skin. He wanted him gone and he knew that was the best time to do it.
But Tony didn’t want Steve suffering from a lack of sleep, especially knowing that Fury was probably going to want mission reports due within the next two days. So Tony ran his fingers over Steve’s eyelids and gently hushed him.
“Not hard enough, but this will make things better for me,” Steve said low enough under his breath that Tony hadn’t heard him.
Sighing, Phil tilted his head to Ryder. “You don’t have long. Nick will be here in around 45 minutes.”
Tony sighed again, mouth tensing in a line as Steve looked down at him. His lips tilted forward in a smile and Tony mirrored it. Before he knew it, Steve had picked him up and swung him around laughter ripping out of his chest.
Tony reared back and fell to the floor. He brought his hands to his head and pulled at the hair there. No. No. No.
“But now he’s acting like some Uno expert so I had to leave,” Harley claimed. “Is it okay if I stay here for a while?”
Steve opened the interrogation room to where Ryder was still cuffed. He certainly did look worse for wear. His eyes seemed frenzied and lost. There was an arrow sticking outside of his shoulder, blood seeping through the wound.
“And man, you just made it so easy, falling apart at my hands. Never knew how touch-starved a person could be. You made it easy for me. Now don’t fool yourself into thinking you were ever going to leave me because you weren’t. You and I were probably going to stay together, if your little band of misfits hadn’t arrived. And that scares you, huh?”
Isak looked out the window. “I didn’t say anything about telling anyone about the CMPNY, but I do have certain measures enforced to directly link you to its organization should you do something that can endanger me and my family. I mean you’re just mad enough to do something crazy, so I have to protect myself. I didn’t last time…we didn’t. ”
“What if the restrictions on our powers mean the next time we need to get approved for a mission a civilian gets hurt? Miles gets hurt? What if this all happens because we simply weren’t given the go ahead by our warden?”
His gaze settled fondly on the picture and he leaned over to Happy and said, “Actually Happy can you just head home? The bakery will always be there, but I’m a little anxious to get back home and see my family. If that’s okay with you all.”
Steve and Natasha asked Karen. Karen simply brightened at the request and gave them her permission. However, she made sure to take a copy of Steve’s ID and any other information, just for caution. Harley met them near the front of the orphanage, nearly bouncing with nervous energy.
Miles didn’t help the situation as he quickly slid his hand out of Tony’s and ran to Peter. Tony was sure that for Miles this was just an early trip to see two of his favorite people. Peter smiled briefly at Miles, shifting to place him on his lap.
Breathing in, he turned the light on and went toward his cabinet. Grabbing the essentials, he quickly showered. Once done, he grabbed a turtleneck and then a sweater to go over it. He hoped the extra padding would soften any pain that would come from anyone touching him today. After all going to a public school especially on a day like this, Tony expected for many people to want to hug him or touch him in some way or fashion.
Tony froze as his fingers hovered over the frame of the bed for balance. Winston. Cali. He needed to get out of here before Ryder chose to relive their time. His legs shook and his head still felt full of cotton, but he pushed himself to the door just hoping that no one was there. His mouth trembled as he struggled over hurried breaths.
Wanda steeled them with a determined glance. “I will and if I need of help I am certain I can call on the assistance of Loki or Dr. Strange.”
When they finally found her, she came without much resistance. It seemed to most of them that Miriam had created for herself the idea that she was not in such a terrible situation. She smiled leeringly at Bucky as Thor was pulled her off the quinjet into her jail cell.
“Okay, I’m sorry. It’s just you were like my idol and hello you gave me your number. Stop looking at me like that,” Karen said, her cheeks flushing. “Don’t pretend you don’t know how awesome you are.”
Miles slumped in his seat in the cart and pouted. Tony refused to give attention to the silent tantrum he was giving. He knew that Miles needed way more vegetables than a snack that was probably drenched in sugar…even if he secretly desired the fruit snack as well.
He stared back at the space between his legs. He looked at the fading purple patches and the hand shaped bruises circling his ankles where Ryder, after Tony having kicked him in the jaw, told Luka to hold him down as Ryder forced another pill down Tony’s throat.
His fingers wrapped around the warm fur of the animal and he was thankful it would hide his still trembling fingers.
But that was all then. Steve had to try and not get too caught up in remembering how things were. He would have plenty of time to do that as he pretended to trick himself to falling asleep. He knew his dreams would now be a compilation of trains, icy water, Siberia, and Tony’s hand falling outside his grasp. He knew and accepted all of this.
“Thank you Evan and Miracle. I’ll make sure to sign those community service papers,” Karen said. “You both can go into the kitchen and warm yourselves up a plate, while I talk to Mr. Stark.”
Tony sobered up pretty quickly after that, eyes sharply moving back to the cracked open door at the end of his bed.
Ryder laughed. “Okay, well do you mind handing him your phone for a brief second? I’d just like to talk to him before I lose cell reception.”
Steve blinked his eyes open, glazed eyes meeting Tony. His expression slowly shifted into worry as Tony kept running his hands over his jaw. He caught Tony’s hand and brought it to his lips, pressing a kiss there gently before settling Tony’s hands back on his cheek.
“But,” Natasha added, “We also know that Tony is happier, when he’s with you. There’s this sense of easiness and genuine love shared between the two of you. Pepper has told me that, while she wants to slap you and cut of your balls next time she sees you, she knows how confused and hurt Tony is. She believes that you can ease the confusion.”
Steve drew his hand back from Tony so that he wouldn’t accidentally tighten his grasp on Tony’s wrist. Anger fueled in his heart and he wanted to go after anyone who had hurt Tony. He would do the same for any teammate. No one could heart a member of his team and just get away with it.
He took the ointment and soothing medicine that the doctors had given him and went to apply it on Tony’s cuts and bruises. He warmed it between his hands and meticulously made sure he covered every point of hurt. Steve would stop any time Tony would scrunch his noise or shift, but he resumed when his body went still again breaths evening out once more.
“Miles merely loves you through association. When he gets older and sees the man that you truly are, he’s going to be so disappointed that he was adopted by you,” Ryder said finally digging the final nail in the coffin.
Ryder’s eyes looked around the kitchen and settled on a list of Miles’ allergies. “My apologies. I hadn’t known. Next time I will know better.” He stood up and went to ruffle Miles’ hair. “Sorry little man.”
He went to the door, but not before looking at Tony once more. Tony watched as three other people came in, one face familiar from before. Tony wondered how many people Ryder had to call upon and whether they belonged to this CMPNY.
There was only one person who called him baba. One time they had watched a movie about this guy who gave toys to his neighborhood every day for a week. His name had been Bába de la Rose. Tony was forever grateful they hadn’t been watching a movie about Santa Claus. His figure could not suffer that greatly. He looked down into the brown eyes of the four year old that had stayed close to him ever since he first came to Karen’s orphanage.
Tony had often admired how even though Miles wasn’t biologically his, they still shared the same genius as though they were.
“You need me to stay?” Ryder questioned eyes scanning Tony’s face for an answer. Tony shook his head. “Okay, well I’m going to go get ready for my 3 o’clock surgery. Text me if these guys do anything to upset you.”
Tony’s eyes widened, laughter growing larger and bubbling out of his chest. “Steve, you asked me to marry you. I’m going to be your husband. I’m your fiancé!”
Steve was just about to enter the kitchen and maybe just start a casual conversation about this Peter kid, but was stopped by an added voice of Ryder.
Even he could hear the sharp intake from Bucky at the hard callous way Steve had phrased the question. Steve quite frankly couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Tony pushed his body forward so he could further stretch his arms out. Steve smiled tiredly before grabbing both of Tony’s hands lightly in his. He reached into the medkit and grabbed his essentials before moving closer to Tony.
Tony let go of Miles’ hand and kneeled beside him. “Alright bambino remember stranger danger. If someone who isn’t me or Peter approaches you, you come directly to me or you touch the button on the watch I gave you. Got it?”
Tony winced just thinking of the wrath of May falling down on him. “You’re completely right. But I was joking.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Steve went to go sit back in the waiting room and scanned through a few more magazines. Finally, Harley came back into the waiting room and motioned that he was ready to go.
When they made it to the outside garden, Steve was lucky to find that it was empty. The sun was setting, but there was still a nice warm breeze going about. He was thankful that it was warmer outside than what it was in the hospital. He led both of them to a spot near the cherry fountain, the sound of water being soothing to his ears, almost as soothing as holding Tony in his arms. Steve sat them down on a long outstretched bench.
“Oh, please that was merely a suggestion. Also I do not appreciate how you all added T’Challa to the group chat that day to stage an intervention. If all of your shoe games were on point then I would have no desire to state that,” Shuri defended.
Ryder pushed back into Winston and continued aggressively pressing into his body as Winston let out a string of curses. Winston rested his hands on Tony’s hip firmly and tugged Tony closer to him.
Tony’s eyes widened as Rhodey laid out the blankets and tucked them underneath Tony’s body, like he used to do whenever Tony had exhausted himself to the point where he couldn’t even pull the covers over his body. Tony hummed in content at the extra addition of blankets, before his eyes met Rhodey’s.
“Don’t touch me, stop touching me,” he said every single time their hands wrapped around his shoulders and pushed him in the water. “Stop fucking touching me.”
“Or are you too weak to defend the one who gave it up so easily at the first sign of anything resembling comfort,” Ryder joked. “Pity.”
“You did some pretty good things serum boy,” Tony said with just a hint of a smile gracing his tired features. “Heard you punched Hitler in the face.”
Bruce’s cheeks warmed and Tony watched as the color swept into his neck. “Can we get to building this Lego building?”
“I’m glad you’re back,” Karen voiced, her voice slightly louder than the children’s shrieks and occasional bouts of laughter.
Steve gave two thumbs off and quickly left. Tony let small bursts of laughter shake his body. Water fell from his eyes as the laughter transformed. He didn’t know why he was crying. Any other time he would have been beyond thrilled. But he had Ryder and…
*Tags are noted but to be cautious for this chapter specifically: Past mentions of Rape/Non-Con Elements and allusions to Suicidal Thoughts*
“I…on the other hand I feel like it would be better knowing that he’s dead…that there’s no possible way for him to get to me, which is stupid because he’s at the Raft. But somehow I can’t help thinking that if he’s alive he still has the chance to come back. I mean I thought he was out of my life, once he left MIT and he came back. I have seen what all Ryder can do and maybe I’m just too smart to put such faith in the Raft to hold him…I mean you all escaped the Raft and Ryder may not be on the same skill level-”
Tony froze in his spot and opened his mouth. He had completely forgotten that Ryder was coming home that not. After everything with Steve talking to him in his lab, Ryder coming home had been the last though in his mind.
“So everything’s good between you two or decent? Like he’s not cheating or anything?” Peter asked again.
“This may be the best thing I have ever eaten in my life. I don’t know if it’s because I am actually starving or whether it’s because Bruce is an actual food genius. I’m going to go with the fact that I’m starving because I refuse to admit that Bruce is quite literally amazing at almost everything,” Tony rambled.
Bucky laughed and took the remote from Clint’s hand. Clint narrowed his eyes at him as he nursed his arm close to him.
He searched back for the first time he felt comfort in Tony’s smile as Steve fumbled with the new StarkPad Tony had gifted to him. Told him he should move on from the archaic use of pencil and paper and move onto some digital art.
“Love you too nephew,” Rhodey joked looking at Miles. “Stay out of trouble and keep me updated on things. Hopefully, I’ll still be able to go to your Thanksgiving charity gala next month.”
“Who are you all?” Steve questioned, not even turning his gaze as he heard the door behind him shut and close. “And why did Ryder take Tony?”
Isa smiled inwardly and handed a packet. “And then there was one. Steve I am pretty sure you have noticed by know that this is the best-”
He felt minutes pass and no one came. He cried openly for what felt like the first time in forever. No one was here so he could just do so. The cries came forth with such intense force that it was too much for Tony’s body to handle. It didn’t have enough strength for the painful sobs that Tony was exerting. Tony whimpered, not able to sob any more loudly.
Isak shrugged. “I think it was. I mean Tony stayed with him for nearly a year. Ever think maybe he was just trying to save face, when you all rescued him. Maybe he didn’t want you all knowing that he likes to take it rough and be diminished to nothing. I mean maybe he just fabricated everything.”
Pepper twisted her body so it was directly in front of Rhodey. “It’s just every person that Tony has been with he can’t stop talking about them. He talked about Linda every single time we saw him. Talked about how loud she ate, her nice perfume, and things. He talked about Davis’ love of any type of bread, how he had a birthmark the shape of an elephant on his upper thigh, and other things we didn’t necessarily want to know. Hell he even talked about Steve as though he thinks we didn’t know he had a crush on him way back when.”
“Purple. That’s a really nice color. We’ll have to show Clint when we’re done,” Steve told him. “And what other color. Think we can make him three colors?”
“See that’s what he thinks. We all know this is just part of the plot where the main character thinks woe is me I will never fall in love again. This just means the plot is thickening,” Tony said gleefully. “And Pepper have you met any royalty while in London? Then I can have two cliché Hallmark movies! But for real I need you to find one because I doubt I’m getting invited to Harry and Meghan’s wedding…though I am still holding out for an invitation.”
“What happened Tony? Did someone do something to you?” Steve questioned, already ready to rip someone a new one, if they dared trying anything against Tony. Besides it would be good practice against the main event, when they brought Isak…Ryder down here.
Steve gave a boyish and charming grin, a look of innocence that shocked Tony figuring where his mouth had just been. He leaned up onto his elbows, to settle his chin on Tony’s stomach. Tony fondly looked down at him and brushed a piece of hair behind Steve’s ear.
While Pepper and Rhodey were indulging in silent time, Tony and Miles were heavily engaged with building the best sandcastle at the beach. Miles leaned over Tony and placed a seashell on top of a mound of sand. Discreetly, Tony tried making the mound into a door.
Steve drew his hand back and stepped away from Tony. He smiled slightly and walked toward the food stand. While they were in line, Tony’s phone began to ring. Tony looked down and saw that it was Ryder calling him. Steve tried being discreet with trying to see who was calling Tony. Tony tucked the phone back into his pocket and cleared his throat.
“Were all your dreams finally coming true because he was using your body like it was intended for? It’s probably why he gave you this bracelet like a common day prostitute. That’s probably why all your little supposed Avengers are coming back. They came back to get the final uses of their precious toy.”
Tony was so caught up in his memories, that he didn’t even notice Natasha coming into the kitchen and pouring the coffee that Tony had been brewing. He only noticed her, when he turned away from the refrigerator and saw her sitting down, blowing on her own cup of coffee.
Miles looked at Tony and rolled his eyes. “Mr. Steve loves you. Mr. Mean Bad One makes you cry baba. I hate him.”
They all looked as though they were about to say something, but Ryder chose that moment of silence to speak up.
Tony pointed at Steve’s chest. “Seriously? I don’t understand. I mean one moment you’re telling me you have to leave and then the next I’m getting a letter saying you love me and how you didn’t want to leave…then why did you leave? I mean I’m not believing you for a second that you could actually love me…”
Steve hated all of the covering up, but Tony hadn’t wanted his face to be in the spotlight any longer than he had. He knew that if he was to be brought in a light like this, there would be demand for interviews, documentaries, and just anyone wanting to get the story that was hot at the moment.
Tony smiled back and turned his attention back to Steve, who had since then settled Tony back onto his feet. Tucking a stray curl behind his ear, Steve leaned ever so slightly as though contemplating whether he could close the distance.
“I don’t cheat,” Steve said, his voice coming closer. When he realized where Harley ran off to, he came up short. “Oh, Tony you’re back.”
Steve broke his sentence and drew in a haggard breathe. Red rimmed eyes met Natasha’s clear ones. Natasha’s eyes continued to stare at him as though telling him to finish his sentence. Steve remained silent and turned his head refusing to meet Natasha’s stare.
“Not this time, kid. But hey when I come back we can do the secret mission and I’ll even let you make some gadgets with me,” Tony said. “Now, go back inside. Tell Karen, I’ll be back in a few hours or so.”
Just as Steve was getting ready to go back to their holding cells, Natasha caught him by the arm, “We have one girl who’s willing to talk.”
Head thrown back, Tony tried to raise his body on his elbows so that he could pull himself to look at Steve. Shakily he tightened his legs on Steve’s body and brought him flush with Steve who was now blanketing Tony.
Tony blinked his eyes slowly at Steve who had now stopped movement, waiting for Tony to come down from his high. Tony licked his lips, throat sore from a cry he couldn’t even remember expelling.
It never failed to warm Tony’s heart when Peter affectionately called him uncle. Goodness, how did Tony end up with such an amazing family beside him.
“Baba can I have this?” Miles questioned stretching his short arms toward the fruit snacks. His small body tried leaning out of the shopping cart that Tony was currently pushing through the grocery store.
So...you could all probably tell I just needed some way to get Wanda out of the story because she's not my favorite to write. So it was probably rushed. I love Sam, but I wanted to focus on this core group.
Natasha noticed, once a shiver went through Tony. His whole body vibrated with the force of it. His teeth chattered and his vision blurred. Natasha took one glance at Clint and spoke to Clint, Russian and a mixture of ASL. Her tone was hurried and rushed as though she didn’t want Tony to understand the meaning of it, despite Tony knowing neither Russian nor ASL. Sure, he had picked up a key few phrases from living with the two of them over the years. But with Natasha going the way she was going there was no way he could focus on interpreting the message.
The two stared in a rather uncomfortable silence not really knowing who should speak up. Clint didn’t know why he went into this without a plan. He had thought his talk with Natasha had prepared him for this, but it hadn’t.
His father left the moment he took to the bottle. Drinking his way to oblivion was better than facing his son.
He had almost managed to get Tony to consider leaving…all up until three seconds later, when someone coughed, spit out some blood loudly, and spoke in a raspy voice. Steve could feel Tony’s body tightened and his wide eyes search his, expression seemingly lost but determined.
Harry left and the rest of them resumed eating without much conversation. Once they were done, Harry came to them with the receipt.
Ryder hummed in the back of his throat and Tony hoped that this wasn’t the beginning of another argument. He just did not have any energy left in him to try defending himself or his actions. He was drained.
Tony had warmed up, desperately happy that he had finally done something to please Ryder. Gradually, that night Ryder had become softer with his words and ministrations. The way he clung to Tony was like a moment of relief. Tony felt so loved as Ryder whispered assurances that he was so strong not to need Dr. Sana and that he was so proud of him for listening to him.
“You still love me,” Tony said, mouth pressing against Steve’s collarbone. “Even if I puked on you.”
Diana nodded her head and took Miles to a place only a few feet away from them. Tony was still frozen from the turn of events. Diana’s mom twisted a curl of hair behind her ear.
“Shhh, go back to sleep. I’m just tired and my dreams aren’t being kind to me right now,” Tony said. “I’ll probably go fix some of that sleepy time tea and go into the kids’ room for a bit.”
“How can you stand here and tell me you’re leaving, when you told me you never should have left in the first place?”
He began mumbling to himself. “It’s not true. It’s not…Was it true?” Ryder questioned. “What Tony said about this…It couldn’t be true, could it about the pill? Because he wouldn’t do that to me. He loves me. He would never do anything to hurt me. You think you might have-”
Tony’s eyes followed Peter’s abrupt motion and he too began to get out of his seat. “Thanks for checking in. I’m fine. You can tell Ryder or not. I don’t care.”
“What is with this confess your undying love? I’m like not in love with Tony or anything and if I was he has a boyfriend and I highly doubt Tony has any feelings like that toward me. I’ll be lucky if we can get back our friendship,” Steve admitted with cheeks growing warm at Clint’s waggling eyebrows and Bucky’s smirk.
“There will come a day that you make a bad judgment and it will get somebody…some people killed. It will destroy homes. It will undermine a town’s efforts of being developed. Your bad judgment call has already done so.”
Steve stared at the two unconscious bodies first, before his eyes rested on Tony who was resting in Natasha’s lap. The towel did little to cover the rest of Tony’s bare skin. Anger grew deep within him as he noticed with a sinking unease that barely any of Tony’s skin was unmarked with bruises or scratches. But his eyes, his expressionless eyes were the most chilling thing about this picture.
“Tony I am pretty sure you are the brightest thing is the room. I personally think Iron Man is the coolest. I mean you both have seen his armor right? So bright and pretty.”
He remembered how he sent a shy smile toward Steve, after he had put the bracelet on and how they had grown together.
“Yeah, I’m going to make you some dinner,” he said. “I’ll make something for you and me. Then I’ll make something more age appropriate for Miles and Harley. I’m certain the two won’t mind having spaghetti.”
Everyone looked on at Tony’s parental display with varying degrees of amusement. Peter sat down with Miles on the floor beside Natasha.
Sharon noticed Steve’s pensive expression and excused herself from where she was talking with Pepper and Rhodey. She took the now empty spot beside Steve, seeing as though Bucky had left again for a little space break. Steve hadn’t even taken notice of her presence until she placed her hand down loudly on the table.
Steve shook his head. “See I can’t do that without knowing you’re alright. Do I need to get Ms. Karen?”
Steve shrugged and raised his eyes to rake over Tony’s body. Sharp eyes trailed a slow descent toward the tips of Tony’s fingers that were raised to Steve to his feet now placed firmly and unmoving on the ground.  Tony felt his cheeks become warm from the direct attention placed on him.
Steve seemed to mirror Tony’s concerns and pulled back slightly with a look that promised a later. A later where both of them could weight if what they felt at this moment was enough to change things. Tony knew this feeling wouldn’t change, he could only hope that Steve would feel the same tomorrow, next week, hell even years later.
“Peter,” Tony started, “I am perfectly safe and capable of handling things. Besides we’re actually talking things through now and trying work on our communication. We’ve seen our past mistakes and are using them to learn how to move forward.”
“Do you love him?” Steve questioned, hoping his face didn’t belay the fear he had while asking this.
Sam and Bucky, who hadn’t become aware of Steve’s or the kids presence yet, were bickering as they usually did. Steve figured that when the two officially had gotten married some of that fighting would have cooled down, but Steve now thought it was a thing of foreplay for them.
“All right put your coms on,” Steve told the ones sitting at the table. Steve was thankful that they all remembered from previous times that they always would bring their coms, when they were in large public spaces. “We’ll let you know what happens.”
By the time Tony was showered and everything looked good to Pepper’s standards, they all met Happy out front to head to the bakery. Tony being so thankful that this day of meetings were over and he could go home to his kids and see Peter after being away studying for so long was going to be so nice.
Tony laughed loudly through the phone and Steve’s heart raced. What he wouldn’t do to hear more of that sound.
For the rest of the ride they sat in a comfortable silence, a few breaks in the silence offered when Peter would give updates of Pepper and Rhodey’s plans of distracting Tony. It took them a little bit to reach Harley’s high school given the fact everyone was getting off for spring break and traffic was of course always ridiculous at this time.
“Look Tony if you have some free time maybe we could discuss things and hopefully begin to move toward a solution for how things will be run,” Steve offered.
As soon as those words were uttered, their eyes would roll back and become glazed. They didn’t know why those words signaled that response, but it seemed to have some type of kill switch. They had to start gagging the nineteen remaining individuals.
However, now they needed something healthy to eat and the tower was fresh out of things. Tony had thought of asking FRIDAY to send someone to go get the groceries. Then Steve had suggested to Tony that he would go get the groceries. Tony had instantly disagreed saying that they didn’t need to go.
“I mean everyone I knew was gone. My mission was over. I felt I had nothing to live for. Sure, SHIELD gave me a mission eventually, but I still felt like a man out of time, who didn’t deserve to be here.”
Peter sighed at the abrupt conversation change, but answered nonetheless. “I’m not asking Michelle out.”
He turned back to Sharon and walked in front of her. Sharon glanced back and watched as Steve looked forlornly at Tony leaving. Steve quickly turned away when he saw Sharon’s assessing glare. When he turned back, both were gone. He sighed loudly, before going back to the table.
Tony’s lips quivered, heart pounding at Steve’s confession. Steve professing his love wasn’t unheard of, but Tony was always brought back with how much Steve felt. In some ways, it was always a pleasant surprise to feel this way…to be the recipient of such affection.
He noted the messed up hair and swollen lips. He noticed the beginning of a hickey marking up Tony’s neck. Tony could barely stand on his own, his weight being supported by Ryder. Ryder was almost in a similar fashion, but his shirt was halfway undone and his cheeks were red.
Ryder followed the movement easily, eyes particularly drawn to the blood that was swept away with Tony’s tongue.
“No need to concern yourself with the logistics of it. Just know it gets the job done,” Miriam explained as she let the liquid travel down Tony’s throat.
By the time they made it home it was already dark out, the sun long ago having been set. Happy pulled into the front of the Tower and parked. Tony rushed to get his seat belt off.
Steve frowned at this and looked at Tony. “Do you think Howard may have been trying to actually put a wedge in your relationship?”
“Cheeky, no wonder Tony loves you,” she smiled, kissing his cheek. “Get some rest both of you, Rogers. We don’t need dad and mom being sleep deprived.”
He abruptly stopped those thoughts from circulating in his mind. He already had enough going on in his mind.
“Barton and Rogers.” Fury said his name lower and with more anger. “I cannot physically be here. Because if one of you let something stupid like that come out of your mouth again I am going to kill you,” Fury gritted out.
Steve smiled at how adorable it was hearing a four year old call him captain. “Yes, Miles? I thought you were going to wake up your baba.”
Not even a few seconds later, Miles came running back in, but instead of going to Natasha he went straight toward Steve.
“Yes, as I was saying,” he sang, “The one with the colors was really nice, but I didn’t like how small it was. It wasn’t as big as the others.”
“Ry-Ryder I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony stuttered trying to blink away the spots that were swimming into his vision. “I promise you Ryder I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Despite the air-tight NDA she had signed, she had figured the repercussions wouldn’t be that bad. Pepper proved that idea wrong. Nonetheless the woman lost her job and Tony used that as momentum to get Rhodey and Pepper off of his back and never suggest therapy again. The two were understandably uneasy with Tony’s decision, but with so much betrayal adding up in his life, they knew they couldn’t find it in themselves to reason against Tony doing something he was not yet ready for.
Pepper let the information sit. “So I’ll see if anyone else knew anything and make some calls. Maybe some guests there knew of them.”
***Also to anyone who has ever been involved in car crashes, I do not want to take them lightly. Those are very serious, seeing as how many people have been affected by its disastrous results. Please stay off your phones, be aware of your surroundings, and just look up. I make a statement at the end about car crashes in relation to Ryder and hope this doesn't offend anyone***
He didn’t know what Vision had said, for Natasha to illicit the response of, “If we find Tony, I’m pretty certain we’ll have to have medical staff on hand one that Tony would approve of.”
He remembered the sonnet his mom had spoken to him, whilst she was teaching Steve to read. Though they never had much the money to get a proper education, his ma had always been adamant to teaching him the power of love transformed and translated through language.
Steve pushed at Bucky’s shoulder as he passed him. When Bucky had left again, Steve turned back to his duty. Making sure that everything was packed away in the refrigerator, he took a step back and bumped into a body.
Nearly an hour later, the program had ended and the gymnasium was beginning to clear. Tony was surprised that no one really tried staying in order to see him, but May quickly explained that the students were more eager to leave this school and hop into their break than briefly speak to Tony.
Tony waved off their concern. “No, this may take a while. Just make sure everyone gets home safely and say we’re sorry for having the party leave early. Maybe have Pepper give some excuse she’s good at handling stuff like this. I can’t let him propose.”
“Steve would probably wait for you and probably try making it special,” Ryder announced. “He would make you comfortable. He would lay you down slowly onto the bed and his body would quickly follow.”
“And I have told you many times to stop thinking like that,” Karen told him. “Where’s Peter by the way? I made him the apple cobbler he’s been consistently asking me about.”
“You and I both know we’re going back to…” Ryder’s voice grew closer. “Oh no Tony. You made a call to your precious Steve. How would Steve feel knowing that I…”
Ryder slipped into the space between the half open door. “I love you. You love me. I’ll be back soon.”
However, no matter how many times he tried telling himself if he had done all these things he would have probably still eventually wound up by himself. The simple fact that he was Tony Stark was enough to give people the reason to leave him.
“You’re awful. That poor nurse is going to say he was bullied by a national icon,” Tony sputtered, body shaking, but this time from poorly restrained laughter. “And what happened with the whole you don’t like bullies? I’m going to need this to be added to the plaque above below your picture in the museum.”
Isak stretched his neck to see what had gotten Steve so bothered. Steve closed the folder out of respect for Tony, but then remembered Isak had already seen all of this. Isak raised an eyebrow at the sudden action, but said nothing.
“Crap, Jack! What the hell? Get him!” the woman screeched wiping her face and flicking the water angrily at the ground. “Where’s the patches? Fuck.”
Steve placed the phone back in his pocket and smiled to himself. Rather happily he went to placing the leftovers in Tupperware and placing them in the refrigerator. Unbeknownst to him, Bucky had re-entered the kitchen having already eaten his dinner and going just to wash his and the boys dishes. He watched on silently as Steve hummed around the kitchen placing things in saran wrap and such.
“But I actually came here for a more serious reason other than just checking in and bearing soup,” Bucky said, shifting his legs underneath him.
“Steve get your giraffe legs off of me. I swear. I don’t feel like watching another History channel documentary,” Clint groaned as he tried pushing Steve’s legs off of him.
The two of them continued cooking. Steve tried sampling a bit of the food, but after a relatively hard nudge from Bucky’s metal hand Steve resisted the temptation. Besides he would be able to eat the food in a little bit.
Natasha nodded and opened the door, in search of said handcuffs. Bucky held the door open for him and waited for Steve to pass through.
Tony continued to stare at him curiously, but sat down in the chair Steve had pulled out for him. Tony took in the table setting and looked at Steve, who had by then taken his seat opposite of Tony. Blinking sheepishly at him, Steve’s gaze softened. His smile became center focus as his eyes glistened brightly brought on by the lights framing the rooftop.
Cali reached out of her jean pocket and handed her phone to Tony. Tony reached out, but couldn’t push his body forward. He painfully looked to Cali for help and ran off the numbers for her and put it on speaker. The phone rang. Tony held his breath.
“I should have done this a long time ago. I forgot how beautiful it is to render someone such as yourself completely still and silent,” Ryder announced into his mouth. “Such a power in getting someone like you to be quiet.”
His body froze from its spot under Steve’s arm, laid loose over his waist. His jaw tightened and he fought to have calming breaths, in hopes of centering himself before he woke up Steve. He counted to twenty as he took in his surroundings. He shifted to the side a little, lifting his hips a bit to carefully remove Steve’s arm off of him.
“Morning papa, dad,” Harley said, still with a moment’s hesitation because he was still in this adjustment period of seeing Tony and Steve as his fathers.
Bucky’s ear picked back up on the argument that Clint and Natasha were having, while he himself tried to stop from shivering from the cold. The cold hadn’t brought many good memories to his mind. Looking at Steve, whose shoulders were tense, Bucky could see Steve felt the same about the cold.
“Okay, be prepared for some amazing spaghetti. Also buckle your seat belt for this wonderful wooing ride of the famous Steve Rogers. Granted not many people have been on this ride, so feel special.”
Rhodey tightened his hold on Tony. “Any person is blessed to have you in their life, to love you Tones. How could Steve not love you?”
“You what?” Ryder growled, admittedly shocked by this new information. His foot pressed harder against the gas. “What do you mean you told someone about the CMPNY?”
Tony smiled slightly at the reddening of Steve’s neck as he turned around. He waited three seconds before following, all the while praying that this wouldn’t be amongst the last days that the team gathered together. And if everything went to plan everyone from the snap would be back.
“Look just tell him to come up from his lab so we can talk,” Steve said crossing his arms over his chest.
“No!” Tony shouted loudly, surprising himself with the strength behind that. “No,” he said trying to hide how his voice quivered. “But I could because he’s my boyfriend. Some things happen more slowly.”
The boy gave an incredulous look to Steve. “Are you fucking stupid? Why the hell would I want Ms. Karen to come in here? It’s not like I don’t want to get kicked out of my fifth home or whatever,” he laughed darkly.
“Tony, you don’t even have to ask. I’d love to watch Miles, but you should still say goodbye to him before you leave. Unfortunately, I do not imagine that will be an easy goodbye.”
He opened his eyes and pleaded for his ma to speak to him just this once. And then as if through an underserving grace or his half sleep-riddle mind he heard her.
He wanted Steve to ask the question back so he could offer with the same lack of hesitance. He didn’t know what that would say about him, but well so much time had been spent angry…though justified.
Sometimes he felt like he couldn’t breathe in those four walls. He got so tired of just staring at the near pristine walls as people came in and out marring his body with bruises. He wanted to be like the walls, unmarked.  He wanted people to just stop touching him in this cold room.
Shaking fingers reached forward to turn the knob of the door handle and just as he was able to turn it, he felt resistance. He shook the door knob and felt the same resistance. He stepped back for a moment with the full intent of throwing his body into it.
Tony shook his head and laughed. He began to walk back and forth. “I don’t get it,” he murmured to himself then louder to Steve. “I don’t get it.”
But he didn’t want Tony to hide things from him. He wanted that redness to stay in his cheeks, whenever he said something to Tony that surprised him or made him happy. He wanted that lightness in his eyes directed toward him. He wanted that smile, however brief and innocent…but his. He wanted those hands that had created nearly all of the things Steve had ever needed in life, to bring him closer.
Miles seemed to ponder on all of this and Tony wondered briefly if a child could understand this at his age. His fears were cast aside when Miles threw his arms around Tony’s neck.
“That sounds fine. Besides that means Miles and I can blast the music we like without heavy judgment from the peanut gallery. Isn’t that right bambino?”
“Well that’s going to have to change. Think about how people will view our relationship, when you are out here kissing everyone that isn’t me and…”
But it was okay because Ryder hadn’t wanted kids and if they were in this for the long haul Tony had to respect that. So he was fine with giving Miles back. He was completely fine with how he would go into the room that was quickly made into Miles’ and see the stuffed toys and books that were left behind. He was completely fine with getting back into the habit of not waking Miles’ up for breakfast or putting him down for his nap. He was-
He had made it five minutes, trying to stop himself from going back…going against Fury’s orders. Unfortunately, he hadn’t been satisfied the way he left the interrogation room nor had he been content with Fury’s option of bringing Tony into conversation with that man.
Tony snatched his hands away from Karen. “Ah, nope, nope, and nope. Stop it. I refuse to hear anymore. And I did a background check with him and he had an underground dog circus ring. So like you’re welcome.”
“Dude Miles can’t eat anything that’s orange flavored. Also those bubble gum drops are choking hazards,” Peter said.
Tony stared at her. Wanda looked at Vision for encouragement. “Well, I sent a signal to look for Bruce because I know you were missing a friend, certainly one who was untouched with all this mess. And this is the time to be surrounded by family so…”
“I love him ma,” he said, feeling a giddiness swell inside of him. “And you would love him too. I’m sure of it. You told me to protect the person I fell in love with, to always hold them close, and to just feel freely without regard to how anyone might try to ruin us.”
Tony had thought about retirement for a while now and was still debating it. “Even if I retire, these hands won’t. I’ll have to stay busy with something. But I’m learning I can delegate a few things so my workload isn’t so bad.”
Mrs. Thompson huffed annoyed and began to grab her things. “Come on Flash. You and I can go meet your dad for lunch. Principal Davis. Mr. Stark.” She nodded briefly to them and began to leave his office.
Coulson took control of the situation and offered that they all meet in the main living area. Cali followed all of them and chose to sit opposite of them all. Her posture was wound tight and her lips were pursed.
“I never said thank you for that day. Thank you for helping me in a moment where I didn’t want others seeing how bad things had gotten,” Tony admitted. “And thanks for still being here, when I need to talk.”
Shoutout to the ones who stuck with me and this story, even with the sporadic updates. I love your support more than you'll ever know.
Tony started pushing back onto the fingers moving inside of him, sweat already gathering at the crevice in his collarbone. His eyes lolled back at one move Steve did. He had enough by the time he wrapped one leg around Steve’s waist, quickly bringing him closer to him.
Ryder’s statement was cut off with a sharp knock against his head that had his vision immediately swimming and blood pooling the inside.
Tony rubbed some syrup off of Steve’s lips. Steve leant back in his chair and Tony pressed his back against his chest, lazily listening to Sam and Bucky try to disprove Thor’s and everyone else’s various moments of catching the two in the act.
He looked toward Peter and then to Harley as though they had betrayed him. Tony couldn’t handle that look so with all the strength he had he reached out his hands and motioned for Peter to hand him Miles. Miles went willingly and settled on the spot beside Tony.
He walked toward the bathroom and attempted ignoring the way his legs trembled as if wanting to collapse. He barely made it to the bathroom before he had to lean against the door and rest his head against the coolness of it.
All of them watched as Miles’ short body ran to their table in a hurry. He went straight to Steve, despite seeing Natasha. However, Steve was closer and he wanted them to come on.
His chest heaved up and down. His finger nails pieced into his palms. Feeling himself go into a dark place he leaned over the couch. Closing his eyes, he started trying to calm himself down. Suddenly, he felt his body close in on itself.
Tony’s heart stopped then and there. Okay, it was time to call the medic. Then Miles’ next words quickly sent him to the grave.
Steve lingered for a few moments unsure and just when Tony thought he was going to leave he sat back down on the couch and stayed.
His fingers left his chin to poke at the bruise on his eye. Tony winced and turned his head away from him. Ryder grasped his chin and roughly turned his face toward him again.
Tony raised his hand in defense. “I was not playing in your make-up. I just had some events to go to and I didn’t want to bother Pepper anymore about going to get some. So I used yours. I just assumed you knew and you never said anything.”
Clint nodded. “Yup. Started talking about you and how your hair looked so soft and how your kindness made you sort of infuriating. Then he started talking about everything he liked about you and your and I quote,
Thankfully, they were able to make their reservation. Tony settled into his seat in the dimly lit booth that the hostess led them to. Ryder leaned across the table as he pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek. He leaned back as he brought his thumb to rub across the place his lips had been. Tony’s eyes sparkled from the lit candlelight.
“There’s nothing about you that is fair,” Olivia, a nine-year old girl, who was actually Marley’s sister, said.
“I can’t believe you actually were thinking of saying no to me. After all I have done for you, you ungrateful…” a sound of breaking class was heard.
Steve didn’t hesitate. He walked quickly to where Natasha was leading him and came to the cell of a girl who couldn’t be no more than seventeen. Her eyes were rimmed with red and tear drops stained her cheeks. She breathe in a haggard breath as her eyes met Steve’s. Natasha stood off to the side and motioned for the girl to speak.
And if this Steve didn’t find his way back to the Steve she knew and pledged to follow, then Steve would soon face worse things than 70 years of frozen ice. She would make sure of that.
Unlike Harley’s high school, Miles’ elementary school had a little more security detail in the sense that most of the kids there were very high profile students with even higher profile guardians. So instead of pulling out into the back of the school as permitted, Steve pulled in to his designated parking spot and pulled out the purple laminated sheet of paper that was in his glove compartment.
Natasha ran her eyes over the room and noticed a group of girls huddled in the corner with an assortment of yarn, plastic silverware, and glue rested in the middle of their circle. Natasha looked at Tony in askance.
“Mr. Stark Defense Squad we have t-shirts and everything. Steve was the president, but well with everything that happened I think he was demoted seeing as though he went against our first rule which is to never hurt Tony,” Peter replied.
He brushed a lock of hair off of his forehead and leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. Steve stayed for a few more seconds, but not long enough to hear Tony’s breath catch or eyes flutter open.
Steve smiled in response. “Hey, I told you that you’re aboard the Steve wooing ride. I intend to keep my word about it being fun.”
“No, she’s a great friend and really smart, but I’m not interested in her like that. Besides she’s not interested in me like that.” Peter shrugged helplessly hoping that Tony would change the topic like he did just a few seconds ago.
Tony smiled, the expression lost in his eyes. “So you won’t be saddled up with someone that is broken like me, some fragmented piece of whatever the heck I am. It was your job to find a member of your team, mission succeeded. You don’t have to be nice to me.”
Steve doesn’t sleep anymore. He’s stopped trying. The days were running through his hands like grands of sand and he couldn’t stop. He tried smiling at Harley in hopes that the teenager would brighten up. Harley saw through his fake happiness and in turn became even more despondent.
“Screw the public,” Clint ground out. “Come on Phil, you can’t honestly think that bringing in Tony will help.”
He turned back to Ryder who was standing in the near distance as though overseeing things. He said to him, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
Everyone came to the same conclusion and immediately began to head toward Tony’s room before they were stopped by Ryder meeting them in the middle of the hallway. Ryder looked haggard.
Steve shifted to make sure Tony was safe and not waking up. Tony only curled tighter and pressed his face against his chest. Steve looked down briefly, before he turned his attention back to the nurse.
“Natasha,” Steve warned her. They couldn’t threaten just normal day civilians. Natasha sighed and took her dagger out.
“Alright bambino. It’s time for you to go to sleep,” Tony told Miles as he handed Steve his bowl and leaned over to pick Miles up. Tony was eternally grateful for Steve’s coordination and his ability to carry many things at once because he was unsure if he could carry Miles and his dinner plate.
“To the end of the line,” Bucky repeated. “Now how about you stop punching inanimate objects and start hitting something that can move.”
Tony immediately latched onto Steve’s hand and turned into him. Tony felt himself vibrate with terror at the fact that he didn’t even see how Miles had gotten on the refrigerator…how close he was to jumping off and just falling to the ground.
In a distressing manner, he felt deep within himself that perhaps these images would always stay rooted in his mind coming up every once in a while…just like the coldness that came in fragments as a memory of his time spent frozen.
Tony still struggled to breathe and Natasha was growing desperate. “Please Tony I can’t help you, if you don’t breathe. Come on follow me.”
“That sounds like a wonderful thing. Retirement. Letting things be out of your hand for a bit,” Steve said whimsically. “Perhaps I may hang up active duty and focus more on training and stuff.”
When Steve had finally taken the time to get to know Tony, he slowly realized that beyond the wall Tony had placed in front of himself he was rather expressive in his eyes. If one looked beyond the display he wanted to portray and actually took the time to look into his eyes, one would see stories there.
Ryder took his hands off of Tony and stepped back. “Tony I…I never wanted you to feel this way. I thought you liked the roughness.”
Rhodey glared at him with the same potent stare that Mama Rhodes would send him. Tony immediately stopped messing around with the game Miles was playing with and placed his attention back toward Rhodey.
Steve’s body completely froze and a burning red anger surged within him. He didn’t know how he crossed the room. He swore that his vision went black for a moment because the next thing he knew he felt bone crush under his hand. He noted with a level of dissatisfaction that it hadn’t sent him unconscious.
“It’s a thing trust me. I am fairly knowledgeable in discerning when someone is about to get into trouble. Peter I do not need you to be another white boy I have to fix. I have reached my maximum,” Shuri joked lightly, but underneath her voice was concern.
He closed his eyes because at least in his dreams they came for him. There he could pretend that he wasn’t being left in the cold once more.
“Oh, Tony. Are you cold?” Ryder questioned, situating himself near Tony. He ran his fingers alongside the flesh of Tony’s hipbone.
“Yeah, I’m doing wonderful. I just wanted to take a second and look. Get a snapshot,” Tony said, looking up at Steve calling back to the moment where Steve had said he wanted to remember these moments here forever.
She never told them that those moments spent in his bed, surrounded by so many people, but not Tony was one, if not the most gut-wrenching experiences of her life.
Steve stepped back from him. Inside he felt a pleased grin and hoped that outside reflected it. Though he knows he was probably looking like an overeager dog right now. However, he wasn’t afraid of letting Tony know how affected he was by him. He kept everything bottled up inside for so long and it didn’t do him any good.
Steve cleared his throat and placed the ring back in the box. He tied up the silk into a bow again and set it inside his gift bag that he had made for Tony.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Yes, because I would love to be bit by a spider and climb things,” the voice said in a deadpan voice. “It would have been far more interesting if you had developed eight legs.”
“I’m sorry Isa…Isa I have to go I can’t…just tell them what you…I can’t be here. Please Isa,” he quickly scrambled to grab his Accords packet and sign in a rushed manner. He was used to doing this so it was completely legible.
Once everything had been handled at the orphanage, Tony told Happy to drive them back to the tower. Miles had not stopped mumbling little incoherent sentences, since they left.
“Tony our presence shall only be in the Tower for a day, before I must visit my Lady Jane and discuss the matters of the displaced Asgardians, whom I have been entreated to-”
“Hi, this is Ryder I was just calling to see if you were near Tony by any chance,” Ryder rushed out. “I’ve been trying to call him and he hasn’t picked up any of my calls.”
Tony yawned once more and scooted his body so that Miles was tightly sandwiched between himself and Steve. Without warning or announcing his intent, Tony moved the hand that was underneath Miles to grab Steve’s retreating hand. His fingers curled around Steve’s and he squeezed it once before allowing their intertwined hands to rest in the space between them.
Tony continued to look at the bags for a minute, before finally addressing Steve. “Are you going on the mission with Natasha? Also I thought she was leaving after New Year’s. Also seems like a lot of stuff to bring for four days coming from the man who told me that I didn’t need two suitcases for a week vacation.”
Why did he allow Ryder to place those cold calloused hands on his throat and force him down, when his suit was only a simple command away? Perhaps at the beginning he thought it was okay…that those bruises were okay because at least Ryder had chosen to stay. Ryder had expressed a desire toward Tony, one that wouldn’t waver. And so Tony hadn’t pushed in favor of Ryder staying, but now he had his family back. That void inside of him had been filled.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Steve looked around his room, searching for something. Once his eyes found what he was looking for, he let out a relieved sigh. Grabbing the necklace in his hand, he turned it over revealing the inscription that was left behind. He ran his index finger over the smooth groves of the necklace and packed it away into his pockets.
Tony exemplified always growing, learning, and being cautious of the past and present while also being in conversation with the future.
Tony looked up again and tried mimicking Steve’s breathing style. Eventually, his breathing evened out and the rasping sound lost its harshness. Now there was just a soft wheeze. Steve continued this for about another minute or so, before he was assured that Tony could breathe slowly.
The smile that overtook Tony’s face this time made Steve want to enclose Tony in his arms and never let go. Instead he nudged Tony and grabbed the rest of their dinner.
When he opened the letter, the familiar handwriting jarred him. He didn’t know if he wanted to continue or not. Perhaps it was more reasons as to why Steve had to leave. If so, he really didn’t want to read it. His palms grew sweaty and his fingers began to shake.
He leaned over Tony and trailed his fingers along his lips. “You want me to lay you down gently and just worship your body head to toe. Tear you apart with care and get your body to release moans of pleasure that have never escaped your lips before.”
Other things such as ingredients for pasta and some green smoothie were overlapping Miles’ finger print picture he did with Steve.
Steve had sat beside him on the bed as he pulled the covers near Tony’s chin. Tony fell back into rest easily and Steve gratefully noticed the worry lines ease themselves out of Tony’s face as sleep welcomed him.
“No, how you’re doing? I thought you said it was rude to start off a conversation with a question,” Tony coughed.
She laughed at herself, while kicking back a doll that had found its way outside the front door. “Now I’m sorry. I don’t think I caught your name.”
“No…I,” Bucky dropped off pulling at his phone to look at the calendar. He pulled up the date and tilted his head back. “Fuck, I’m a horrible husband.”
Many miles away, from which all transcended time, a voice the sound of a soft breeze whistling through the trees spoke into the night.
Tony would have been concerned with how easily he was brushed off, but he was too excited for the fact that Ryder bought his lie. Then Tony realized that he shouldn’t have had to lie to Ryder anyway.
“I don’t want it to be shared,” Steve muttered, cheeks flushing as he admitted this to Bucky in the silence of Tony’s room.
“Careful, Tony. You might just hurt a guy’s feelings,” Ryder teased darkly. “Have me thinking that our moments weren’t special. I for certain thought that you would remember me fondly, after all I was the first man you ever slept with.”
“Fuck you Ryder. That’s not going to happen. Steve is not going to leave and it’s not going to be some domino effect. Just because you’re jealous or whatever the fuck is going on in your messed up-”
At one particular sharp pinch of glass, Tony bowed his body first and let out a string of curses. Steve having grown tired of seeing Tony be in pain moved to get a broom and swept the bloodied glass off of the floor. Once done, he grabbed a washcloth and wiped the spilt water and blood from the floor.
“One day, I’ll get you to stop calling me Mr. Stark,” Tony promised. “But anyways how are the kids. Are you, Ned, and Michelle doing okay with watching them? Miles doing okay?”
Helen stopped talking and looked at all of them. Everyone paused, breath being forced out of their lungs knowing fully well what Pepper was asking.
Tony’s eyes fluttered, half from tiredness and half from a little curl of adoration licking up against his heart.
He placed it against the dashboard of his car and waited for one of the staff to greet him. One of the school teachers, came by the car looked at the dashboard and spoke into their walkie talkie to bring one Miles Stark out for pick-up.
Bucky sent a pleading look to Bruce as if knowing Bruce’s doubt would only encourage Tony to prove him wrong and Bucky would be the one to suffer. Natasha meanwhile was paying attention to the conversations filtering in the room, even while she was helping Miles and Harley make a Lego replica of the Stark Tower.
“No. Don’t do that Tony. Please don’t do that,” Steve said. His eyes were red and it looked as though he hadn’t slept.
“Alright, let’s hurry. Natasha and Clint can be judges,” Bruce offered already taking apart his, Wanda’s and Vision’s building.
“You know Tony once told me he doesn’t trust a man without a dark side. To be frank, I’m glad he’s never had to see this side of me,” Steve said. “Because sometimes I can’t come back from it so easily. It takes me a while to recover.”
When that was over the two went back to their spots on the floor and Steve began to bandage Tony’s hands.
The two continued playfully bickering and showering together. Finally, after a few slight distractions Steve and Tony were dressed and waiting outside to greet the kids who were completely ready for their last day before their spring break.
Peter sat down in the chair Pepper had once occupied and Harley sat in the chair that Rhodey was once in. Miles looked hesitantly at the tubes that Tony was still connected to and then toward the arm cast.
Tony grabbed Miles and led him outside of the room. “Go play with the others, I’ll be right back okay,” Tony told Miles. “Then we can all do the decorations.”
He heard someone whisper to him, “Shh, it’s alright. I’ve got you. No one’s going to hurt you ever again. I swear. No one is going to hurt you.”
For a moment Steve thanked whoever and whatever allowed Tony to have this expression on his face. Steve had since placed the box back into his jacket pocket and hoped that Tony wouldn’t be able to see its imprint. He had originally wanted to give Tony this present during the morning, when everyone went to the main floor to exchange gifts. However, he had backed out of it at the last minute and instead chosen to give Tony a sweater.
Miles opened his mouth and allowed Tony to pour the medicine down his throat. Miles’ puckered lips would have been hilarious, if Miles hadn’t tried spitting the medicine back up. Tony quickly grabbed a spoon to slip the fallen medicine back into Miles’ mouth. Again Miles tried spitting it up.
“There. Now neither of you have the funnel cake,” Clint said breaking off a piece and popped it into his mouth.
“Then let me help. Whatever you need. Just don’t push me away, thinking that you’re saving me from your pain,” Steve said pressing their foreheads together, their breaths intermixing with one another’s. “Please sweetheart don’t push me away.”
Steve didn’t say anything. There was nothing left to say at that point. Tony seemed to see that with the look Steve was giving him. He nodded once to Steve and then to himself, before stepping away from Steve. His body swayed and Steve reached out to steady him. Tony quickly recoiled from his assistance and stood on shaky legs. His body hunched over and he gathered his sweater in his hands and played with the fringes at the hem. He kept nodding to himself as he staggered away from Steve.
He stuttered out a breath, turning his head to the side. Thankfully, this time he didn’t carry on as much weight as he did the previous visits he had made to this site. He looked at the name and the years signifying birth and death etched in harsh lines on the gray stone.
Ned meanwhile stood start struck at Tony. “You…you know…” Ned let out a few discernible sounds and pressed his hand against his heart.
So Steve waited for Isa to come later that evening and gave her his signed document. Isa smiled brightly at him and immediately went to her phone no doubt beginning to call Tony. Steve had wanted to stay around and see if he could hear his reaction, but Clint had pulled him into a conversation of how he should save his marriage.
So he pushed back and took his hand from around Ryder’s neck to his shoulders, grazing another wound that had been marked. His eyes stared at that for a moment as he watched with a determined ease that Ryder was slowly, but surely losing.
Tony pushed his plate back. “I’m so sorry. I forgot. Look I was hungry and Steve mentioned that he made spaghetti so I was just wanting to grab something. I’ve been in my lab all day and so I was hungry.”
“Exactly that is why we need someone making sure we have that guidance that I didn’t have,” Tony spat eye, breathing coming out in harsher pants. “It’s like you’re just trying not to listen. I need to fix those hearing aids for you?”
“I do. I’ve loved him the moment he flew into space. I fell in love with the fearlessness, that selflessness, that kindness that he doesn’t allow to many people to see. He let me see that and I like abused that.”
In the box sat a ring made of vibranium. Steve took it out and was in complete awe of how Shuri was able to encapsulate so much into a tiny piece of metal. The ring almost had this bit of an iridescent affect to it, offset by the way the sun reflected off of it.
Nonetheless, he pressed a short kiss on Steve’s shoulder and pulled the covers up slightly. As he left, he made FRIDAY note to alert him if Steve showed signs of waking up. He should have another three hours, before he got up before his run but sometimes Steve woke up a little earlier.
“But I mean no offense, some like having that weight of control off of their shoulders and being reduced to nothing. My brother probably just gave him what no one else would,” Isak laughed. “But pretty boys like him often don’t last without that need for long. He’ll be off trying to suck off the nearest guy who can leave a nice sized bruise on his waste in a little bit. I’m just thankful Eva never needed me to do that to her. I can’t do those type of touches. I gear more toward positive touches and love.”
“Bull shit Clint. You just did that. You’ve been doing that ever since we got here. Everyone is trying and you’re not even making an effort,” Natasha honestly told him.
“No, I actually have to knock it down a few times,” Pepper joked. “But in all seriousness don’t let a possible good thing go away because you don’t think you deserve it. Everyone has flaws Tony that doesn’t mean that we’re incapable of loving or being loved. It just means that we have a greater understanding of a love without conditions.”
Tony quickly backtracked. “No, bambino. No that doesn’t mean they love you. No one should hurt you, ever make you cry.”
And when the fight was over and all of them were left standing those who had been snapped and those who had remained, Tony turned to Steve whose tired eyes found his own. With five easy strides he came beside Tony, his chest going up and down with staggering breaths. Tony swallowed, his own voice dry from the debris around him.
Steve relented, carefully placing Tony on the floor. He figured he would do as Tony pleased. Tony grinned at him. Keeping two hands on his waist, Steve waited until Tony looked like he had a good grasp on standing. Extracting his hands away from his waist, Steve stood back a bit. However, he stayed close enough so that if Tony looked like he was about to falter in his steps Steve would be there to catch him.
Before Rhodey or Pepper were able to refute that statement, Tony continued saying, “I know you’ll say I can do anything I want, but really without your support it would have been ten times harder. You two were always just one phone call from dropping everything to help me. When I got too much in my head and thought I had no one and that I could push everyone away because of how long I was taking to get back to me…”
“It doesn’t matter what I see Mr. Stark,” Cali offered. “I owe debts to the CMPNY, specifically Ryder. I have to do what he instructs.”
“It’s not your fault. I should have realized a long time ago that I stopped being anyone they cared about back in Siberia.”
“And baba then we can have cookies. Ms.K said ‘m getting big so I can watch the…the,” he broke off into some cough and tried to recover to speak some more.
Cali looked worriedly between the door and then at Tony. She sighed. “Ryder won’t be here until tomorrow morning. Make this call quick though. I don’t need him coming early.”
“Look Tony you can’t shut us out. Pepper and I are always here for you, but we can’t help you if you don’t tell us what’s wrong. Is it Ryder? Did he do something? Is it the Avengers? Is it the company? Come on man just talk to me. Just talk to me.”
Cali’s grip tightened on the phone as she brought it closer to Tony. Tony’s eyes kept fluttering even though he tried keeping himself awake.
Tony still looked unsure of himself. His eyes fell and he went back to Steve’s lap, figuring that was a way to stop himself form looking at Steve’s attentive gaze.
Miles’ eyebrows furrowed trying to remember the exact word his baba had used, when they were coloring. Steve set the boy on his lap as he opened the coloring book, seeing exactly what Tony had colored and what Mile had colored. Miles had expressed on many occasions how he didn’t like his baba coloring in his book. Steve still didn’t know why Tony refused to color in the lines because he had seen Tony sketch out some designs and those were immaculate.
