"And you're missing a person."
Ifs and maybes.
"Need some backup here!" Rhodey yelled.
Tony made himself breathe in, breathe out, trying to control the terror he was suddenly feeling.  It - it didn't have to mean anything bad, he told himself. There were plenty of desk jobs and administrative positions.  Just because someone was giving him a chance, just because the people on his delivery route told him good luck… that didn't mean he was literally going to go marching into battle.
He laid there for several minutes, the room silent around him save for his own quickening breaths as he struggled to come to terms with exactly what he’d done.  Faintly, he was aware that today was the last day on which Fury’s airship would come looking for them, and that he was wasting time wallowing here in his own self-pity and shame and anger.  He should probably move, he thought.  But he didn’t.
“C’mon,” he tried again, wavering on the spot.  “Steve.  You’re not a sabretooth.  You’re a human and a mighty swell fellow, okay?  Making people bleed is bad and so you should stop.”
Cap stared at him, and Tony found himself regretting the lecture.  "Uh, sorry," he added hastily.  "I just—"
And then they left, heading up the way Steve and Tony had come from.  Steve watched them go for a while, then hoisted his things and started walking the other way, Tony by his side.  "That was nice," he said.  "Having human contact.  I missed… talking to people."  It was, of course, understood by them both that they'd done a piss-poor job of talking to each other, and Steve knew it was his fault.  Now, maybe, they'd do better.
deserving
Maya chuckled at his reaction as she took her bag back from Tony.  "Well, I'm going to put these things away.  You can stay here for now—I'll be back soon."  With that, she left, carrying her supplies back inside.
Rhodey crossed his arms, leaning back into his chair.  "Tiger circles aren't enough to go by, Tony."
, reads the headline.
Sunset makes a faint
, Steve had wrote, even during the heat of the war.  In something of a trance, he has Extremis remove the covering he’d put over his wrist, watching the metal slide back under his skin until his words—fainter than he can remember them being—come back into view.  Once they’re visible, they confirm the one thing he’d feared since seeing his own handwriting on Steve’s wrist all those days ago: this handwriting is Steve’s.  The Thomas Paine quote is about Steve.  According to whatever cosmic forces that be, Tony was Steve’s soulmate, Steve was Tony’s own, and Tony was too much of a goddamn idiot to realize this until it was far too late.
That last bit of information nearly made him choke on his porridge.  April. Twenty-third. 1945.
be alright.  Steve is here, the raft is here.  E-everything’s going to be fine.
Steve quiets him with a longer kiss against his lips, brushing some of the hair away from his eyes.  “You idiot,” he repeats, but he slips his arms around him afterward, holding Tony against him and letting the other man nuzzle against his shoulder.  He wants to be upset, because
her underthings.
“Oh, yeah.”  Tony grins again, finding a staircase and taking them down.  “That, too.  But mostly because I left the drawing for them to find.”
Steve blinks.  Has he heard right?  Nonetheless, he obliges, slipping it onto Tony’s finger.  He feels like he’s at the altar.  “You look great,” he says with a smile.  “Then again, you look just as great without it.”
"...And finally, summer vacation is coming up and I'll be home soon, which means you're going to meet my parents," continued the voicelog.  "Mom is great. Dad is - just be careful around him, okay? He doesn't have patience for a lot of things and he expects me to take over the company someday.  If he catches you reading fiction he'll flip out. He shouldn't be around much, but when he is, stay out of his hair and you'll hopefully be fine.
While they were talking, Cap had silently moved further into the room, staring at the far end.  The distance was too great for Tony to make it out clearly, but he could see enough to tell that there was another skeleton there, this one on a raised surface.  Given its prominence, it was obvious that this was the person the tomb was built for.  "Not a guy," Tony said, blinking as the notes he'd read from Li Ji came together.  "A woman."
He wanted to ask where they were right now or what had happened to Pepper and Rhodey and Jarvis or why Cap was holding his hand.  When he opened his mouth, though, the only thing that came out was a ragged: "What?"
Tony felt very strange, like he was a spectator in his own life.  His arc, his weapons, his life.  They were talking about them as though—as though these were all done things.
Steve opened the door and was immediately beset by a biter, but he was able to flip it to the side before it could do anything.  The immediate vicinity was otherwise clear, and after making sure Stark was behind him, he started running down the hall, shield out to shove aside any further biters that were coming their way.  It wasn't long until they were standing in front of the cafeteria doors, but the biters visible through the glass panes made it plain that there was still a fight ahead of them.  "We're gonna need to clear a spot so Jessica can get down safely," Steve said.  "Maybe if I lure them out—"
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A47+58E698L
"I think I've changed my mind," Tony said, trying to play over the strange numbness. "You go sparring with that punching bag over there, I'll just stay here."
flashed up above his wrist before he began to assist the others in their efforts to get the road reasonably clear again.
"Do you have experience with this sort of thing?" Cap asked as they headed over to the other team members. Tony felt how Cap’s gaze wandered over Tony's suit as he inspected him. His chest tightened. He should have changed the colours beforehand. Anyone with even half a clue would instantly recognise the dark teal and black and the silver Hala star on his chest.
But Tony just waved the critique off. He was panting and propped his hands on his knees to catch his breath. He hadn't thought it possible that a human being could push him to his physical limits like that. And then he had been exercising with Steve for the first time.
Tony winced as something hit him on the temple. The small cardboard box which had held pizza rolls earlier had come flying out of nowhere from the right.
"I've been on a soccer team once, if that counts," Tony lied. "Sometimes we avenged ourselves after a defeat. We lost a lot."
Tony listened up and realised he must have missed a question. "Want to know what?"
Tony quickly tried to assess the situation and find the safest way over, but Thor was scattering lightning bolts and hammer blows across the street, while Black Widow and the attackers were firing all their magazines at each other and every now and then an explosive arrow whizzed over their heads.
Clint choked on his pizza and coughed. "You tried your new highly radioactive technique on you?"
"General," Tony said with a firm voice.
He stumbled to the left and Steve immediately stepped back defensively. But when he spoke his voice had that coach tone he liked to bring out when they were exercising. "You're leaving your right completely open when dodging," he said. "I could have easily brought you down to the mat if I had wanted to."
Tony kept his eyes fixed on the sturdy sports mat underneath him, trying to bring his breathing back under control, which had stopped briefly when Steve had hit him in the ribs. Anyone else around would probably have been knocked right out by that punch. Except for Thor, maybe.
He turned away from Steve and slowly ascended the steps up the platform without taking his eyes off the General. His shoulders were pressed into the screen by Thor and Bucky and he struggled in vain to escape them. Behind him, Tony heard Steve following. Neither of them spoke a word and there was a tense silence in the room until Tony stood directly in front of the General.
"I am your general!"
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A47+58E698L
"Nothing," the General said smugly, spitting out blood. "After we got you, we had no use for them anymore, but I'm pretty sure they're dead."
"Give him some time. He's been under Hydra's control for how many years? And he's only been here a few days. You didn't involve Sam for nothing. He knows about trauma, he'll fix him."
"Rejected," he said harshly, crossing his arms in front of his chest without giving any further explanation.
“Don’t worry, I already left you once. I won’t make that mistake again,” Tony said. "Where did you park your ship?"
"No, it's fine. My bed is big enough for the two of us." Steve chuckled and Tony realised that Steve had just managed something resembling a laugh for the first time in days. Even if it was only a small one. Then Tony became aware of what he had been laughing at and his eyes widened in shock. "I didn't mean it that way! I swear I didn't!" The single brain cell in Tony's head that hadn't been flooded with sudden panic wasn't enough to fathom whether he really hadn't meant it that way, or whether damage control was speaking out of him. But Steve didn't seem to be further bothered by Tony's suggestive remark. On the contrary. He kicked his shoes off his feet and slid back on the bed to make himself comfortable on the pillow. Tony quickly picked up the circuit board, the box of screws and the screwdriver before Steve lay down on it.
With a trained pull and a smooth movement, Tony freed himself from the weak grip and a well-aimed punch was enough to knock the man unconscious. Tony briefly considered keeping his strength under control so as not to attract any more unwanted attention, but the next black-gloved fist came hurtling towards him and he decided he didn't care. In the heat of the battle, surely no one would ask questions when he brought down attackers with just one punch. Probably no one would even notice.
"Yes, sure, whatever you want," Tony replied.
Tony felt personally offended in a very unpleasant way by this statement. But he swallowed it without voicing the refutations that were already on the tip of his tongue. He had expected a response of this kind and had his own prepared and ready.
"It's called pizza and you know that," Clint said, reached into the box in front of him and pulled out a slice of pepperoni pizza. "Catch," he said and threw it across the table. Fortunately, Thor was sitting opposite him, so the piece of pizza didn't have a long journey, but when Thor caught it with one hand, the pepperoni slid dangerously close to the edge.
With pointed fingers, Tony picked up the board he had just almost burnt his fingers on and inspected it. The transistor had stopped smoking, but it still smelled like scorched electronics. With a useless circuit board in his hand, Tony was sitting cross-legged on his bed. His eyes wandered over to the desk and the not-anymore pile next to it. Then he cursed again and stood up to retrieve his screwdriver.
"Don't be ridiculous, Ann-Tho," the General snapped, finally facing him.
"Please, Jann-Vey." He was pleading, but he didn't care. "It's important. We need to get them back to earth before they start the scanning."
In what life did Tony have even the slightest chance of standing up to those muscles in a fair fight? Tony was stronger than he looked but Steve Rogers was something else. He wasn't even sure if the massive Kree brawlers on Hala could beat Steve in hand-to-hand combat all that easily. At least he would put up a decent fight with them, that much was certain.
"I'm requesting a permanent transfer to C-53, Sir," he said, resolutely but in accordance with all courtesy protocols.
"You know, if I want to get my ass kicked, I'll ask Banner," Tony said. "This should be a training fight on eye-level."
"You can't stop me," Tony said, trying to maintain the decency the hierarchy dictated. Every Kree, without exception, was free to choose their place of residence. Tony knew he was in the right in this debate and he did not want to forfeit that advantage by being rude. The General, however, seemed to be gradually losing his temper.
"We could use someone like you on our team," he said. "Only if you want of course."
Tony just raised a questioning eyebrow. "You want to talk about something?"
"Had to take that chance."
Most of the projectiles, even if they were able to penetrate his Starforce special suit and his Kree skin, probably wouldn't kill Tony, but he didn't want to take the chance. Besides, even one drop of blue blood from him would blow his cover before he had even started his mission. He watched the attackers, trying to spot a pattern or a gap he could exploit for himself, and that was when he saw it.
Bruce blushed and averted his eyes. Tony heard Steve giggling beside him again. The line hadn't really been that good. But the fact that Captain I-don't-get-that-reference America jumped at even the weakest of his jokes didn't strike him for the first time.
Tony suddenly realised several things. "So that's why this late-night training session? I thought it was just your usual insomnia."
Yes. Fist of Hydra, ruthless and efficient killer. More than 20 assassinations over the past 50 years. And Captain America's childhood friend and possibly first love. Secret files, who?
"What do you mean?" Tony asked again, eyeing the General closely to catch every movement that might give him away. But this time his answer came promptly.
No Kree? All the Others? A Failure.
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A47+58E698L
Tony had the sudden feeling that he had just grown at least two centimetres. He grinned and turned his head over to Steve, who of course was sitting captain-style, at the head of the oblong table. He had taken off most of his Captain America suit though, including that ridiculous hat, and only a blue functional shirt stretched over his broad shoulders. Tony had laughed out loud when he had first seen this look, not even remotely surprised that the shirt underneath the star-spangled banner was also blue.
"I owe you nothing. You are not my father!" Tony replied, now dropping all decency and courtesy protocols. He would not allow the General to get between him and Steve again.
Tony took a deep breath to stay calm. He had gone over it more than once. An outpost on Earth was not a terrible idea. It was not the best perhaps, after all, Xandar was still considerably closer to the known Skrull planets, but the idea was not so bad as to make the General categorically rule it out without a second thought. And he did not seem to be willing to engage in any discussion about it either, which meant that Tony had been right in his assumption. The General wanted to prevent him from coming anywhere near Earth again.
"Our blood may run through your veins, but that doesn't make you a Kree."
Tony didn't know what to say to that. Steve usually was the one who always saw the bright side and built up the rest of the team after a defeat. But now he seemed so heartbroken that Tony felt like all optimism had suddenly disappeared from him as well. He remained silent and just continued to stroke Steve's back with his hand.
"And I am leaving. Therefore I am no longer under your command." Tony's voice had also risen, but he did not retreat as the General approached him with his face contorted in anger.
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A47+58E698L
“Not without you,” Steve objected.
"It's the intruder alert," he explained briefly. "It goes off when the General passes out in his office. It's a red alert, so they will start scanning any second, you have to leave,
"Coffee?" he asked.
"What did you do to my parents?" he shouted in the General's face.
"What is happening there?" he asked. The camera they were watching changed and now they could see the events up close. The CCTV captured the image of a shattered window behind which a handful of people were running down the street, protecting their heads with their arms. They dashed into the abandoned and destroyed pub as large chunks of debris rained down on the pavement outside.
"So that's why I'm here," Tony said, as it began to dawn on him. "You think they'd fit in well in my Special Unit."
Tony grinned. "Not bad. Follow me and stay calm."
Tony watched him. In sleep, all the worries he was currently carrying around and displaying on his face seemed to have fallen away from him. His forehead was not creased, his shoulders not tense, his jaw not clenched.
"A man of honour is under no obligation to account for his abilities to anyone, young Tony. Silence is a virtue," Thor said pompously and Tony nodded at him. "What Shakespeare says."
, said a very bitter voice in Tony's head and he quickly pushed it aside before it could manifest.
One of the assailants Cap had just knocked out had been carrying a heavy weapon and when he had gone down, shots had broken loose from it. The bullets had entered the wall of the house behind them and hit the stucco under the windows.
"I'm coming with you," Steve said, who hadn't left his side. Tony wanted to object but the piercing alarm that was still going off made it very clear that they didn't have time to discuss that now. So Tony grabbed Steve's hand and pulled him to the right, following the bridge that stretched along the side of the hangar four metres above the parked space ships. They rushed towards the control room, which was located in a glass box at the end of the bridge, and Tony prayed he was remembering the watch schedule correctly. He hurried up the steps to the entrance, pulling Steve along behind him by the hand. The door swung against the wall outside as he yanked it open, relieved to find that he had been right.
Cautiously, Tony ventured out of cover and stalked closer to the action from behind an abandoned car to get the other fighters of the team in front of his scanner. But before he had properly identified even one of them, he saw a red cape swirl through the air above him and heard the man wearing it landing heavily on the asphalt in the middle of the road. As the shock wave rolled over him, the ground beneath Tony's feet vibrated and the windows of the surrounding cars shattered into pieces with a rattle. He stumbled back a few steps, grateful that his reinforced Kree skin and muscles absorbed most of the force, while attackers in yellow were knocked to the ground in front of his eyes and did not get up again.
As Steve lunged for his next proper punch, Tony decided to risk it. He dodged the incoming hand and broke his cover for a quick attack, but Steve's other fist hit his chest before Tony had even come close.
"You want to stay here?" Tony offered. He liked having Steve around, and if it also helped him with coping, even better.
Tony tried to aim the scanner of his comm in its direction to identify it as well, but it jumped around with great leaps and was difficult to lock on to, despite its size. It took Tony several attempts before the advanced scan captured it.
"I made you great," he said, and it was almost a hiss. "I spent time and money on you, on your potential, you should be grateful. You should grovel in front of me, begging for my forgiveness. You'd be nothing without me!"
"It would be a great honour," Tony said, grinning at him.
"You're lying," Tony interrupted him. "I was born a Kree. My powers are a natural mutation." He didn't know much about his birth or his parentage in General. He knew that his Kree mother had had an affair with a human and had died shortly after he had been born. His powers were the result of regular DNA mutation, just like Kree skin or eyes do tend to mutate and evolve into new colours. Tony couldn't remember a time when he hadn't possessed powers. All his childhood these very special powers had been an issue, how could the General claim anything else now?
"Yes, I would send a scout down there first. Scope the situation, assess their abilities, preferably without attracting too much attention."
"Then it's settled," the General said, turning away from the screen and towards his desk. Blue holograms appeared on it as he ran his fingers through his data. "I can get an escort and a ship ready to get the scout safely through the hyperjump and to C-53 today. Commander, you know your unit best, who do you recommend for this task?"
"With what exactly? Punching bad guys?" he said, just hoping that the people on C-53 didn't know their way around the Large Magellanic Cloud all that well.
Tony's insides, which had tensed up so much when Steve had been talking about Barnes, loosened a little. Steve wasn't good at admitting that he was in over his head, he always wanted to manage everything on his own. Yet he had come here, deliberately to Tony's private room, and had asked him of all people for help. A gesture Tony treasured and one that gave him back a little of the comfortable warm feeling he'd been missing ever since Barnes had popped up on the radar.
Tony was distracted. He was confused and hurt by this declaration and it only took this brief moment of insecurity to restore the General's upper hand. With a precise jab, he hit Tony in the ribs with his elbow. Tony stumbled back and lost his footing. Backwards he fell down the steps and landed on the floor below the hexagonal platform. The General looked down at him from above and now it really was hatred that spoke from his eyes. A hatred that Tony didn't see for the first time, but which he had never fully understood.
"Rejected," the General said, still without looking at him. "There is no outpost on C-53. As you know, the planet is highly unspectacular and neither a threat nor worth conquering."
Tony ducked his head as one of the arrows exploded near him and that was fortunate because just a second later something very large and green charged right past him. If Tony hadn't pressed himself flat against the wall, it probably would have taken him right along with it. This Hawkeye might be human, but there was no way this green monster was.
"Eeeh," Tony responded, wagging his hand ambiguously in the direction of the small bedside lamp behind him. "There is one."
"I certainly can," Tony objected, waiting for the reaction.
When their eyes met, Steve quickly turned his head away. The silly remark was already on the tip of Tony's tongue, but he was distracted by the sight that presented itself as Steve hunched over and ultimately stood up.
"There is nothing to continue, that's all we know." Steve's voice had taken on a bitter and resigned tone. "He's leaving a trail of bodies from DC northwards. Fury is pretty sure he's heading here, but can't tell me why. He just says we should stay alert and be ready for anything."
, C-53, C053.FR45887+125X47
"You alright?" he asked, and his voice had lost all traces of the relentless coach.
Tony raised his hands to eye level again as a sign that he was ready and Steve understood immediately. He unfolded his arms and brought himself back into an attack posture as well. Rocking on the balls of his feet, Tony moved slightly from left to right, keeping a close eye on Steve's movements. Steve's blue eyes were also scanning him intently.
Steve sighed heavily, making it clear to Tony that he had hit the mark.
DAY: 5380H || CODE: A6-OG23
DAY: 5501H || CODE: A2-C53
Tony noticed how four pairs of eyes had turned curiously towards him. Bruce was still staring at the tabletop in front of him. Slowly, Tony took his feet off the table and stood up, using the dramatic effect that a suddenly silent room provided.
"I don't know," Tony replied honestly and he heard his voice shaking. Physically, he was fine - the General had barely got him and the four steps he had fallen down hadn't even been enough to give him a bruise - but inside him, an indefinable emotional chaos was roaring. The General's words made no sense and Steve was here. A Skrull. On Hala.
For a while, Tony rotated the little green board between his fingers, then he began to turn a few screws aimlessly and pull cables at random. Steve had stretched out long on the blanket, his head on Tony's pillow, watching him. And it was so distracting that Tony wasn't even trying to do anything clever.
"The Chitauri are happening," the General said, changing the camera view once more. Tony looked closer and recognised the grey skin and sharp armour plates of tarnished brass. Like parasites, the humanoids seemed to be spreading rapidly across the city, destroying their surroundings with their blue laser weapons.
Tony took another step closer to get a better look at the people who had appeared on the screen. "Who's that?"
Every battle Steve managed to pull off at least one move Tony didn't know yet. Today, for example, the shield had ricocheted off a house wall after a throw, coming back a bit too low to catch it properly. Steve had kicked it away with his foot, restoring its height and spin in the process, and had sent it through three of the enemy robots at once. For a moment Tony had just stood around in amazement, forgetting what he had been doing. As a reward, he had received a hit from an attacking robot. Fortunately, no one had seen that.
Anger and worry mixed into the cocktail of emotions and Tony stared at Steve. He was too happy to see him again to immediately rebuke him for this stupid idea. But he had to at least vent a little.
The thought of the blue-skinned mounds of muscle he used to train with at the Academy had given Tony an idea. After all, he hadn't spent five years mastering tricks to stand up against physically superior people for nothing. Plasma blasts might be forbidden in the gym, but he could still fight unfairly in other ways. He was smaller and more agile than Steve.
Just as he had settled back on the bed with a new board, someone knocked on the door.
DAY: 5453H || CODE: A6-OG23
"Nah. Laughing is actually a pretty good abs workout. I think I'll call it a night," Steve replied. Goosebumps ran down Tony's body, and he was convinced his sweaty slowly cooling skin was the one and only reason for that. "Or rather, a morning," Steve added.
"Don't listen to him Tony, let's go," Steve suddenly interjected and Tony heard him approach from behind. But he also heard what the General was saying, who suddenly seemed unusually talkative.
Steve immediately lowered his arms and approached with a worried expression on his face. "Give me a second," Tony said, taking a deep breath.
"I know." Tony wiped the traces of blue blood from his hand on his uniform. Only now did the sharp ringing enter his awareness, it echoed loudly in the room and his own blood froze in his veins. He cursed out loud and looked around for the other Avengers. Thor clutched Mjolnir's handle tighter, Clint had a hand on the arrows in his quiver and Nat was reloading her taser bracelet. Sam and Bucky just exchanged a glance and then both looked over at Tony, waiting.
Steve's fist came hurtling towards him and Tony quickly ducked under it. With the momentum he gained as he straightened back up, he himself tried to place a punch just below Steve's bent elbow. But Steve dodged it by almost casually turning to the side and his next punch hit Tony in the ribs.
"Coffee," Steve agreed.
"Understood," Tony said, and let his approval sink in for a while as the General looked at him with a superior expression. "Then I resign as commander."
"At ease," Tony commanded them. "Someone attacked the General while he was in diplomatic negotiation with Asgard. I need to get these diplomats to safety, make sure you take the assailant in."
Tony hesitated, his eyes still fixed on the screen, and shifted his weight from one leg to the other. He knew exactly who he would like to suggest for this task. "Permission to speak freely?"
"I miss him," Steve said softly, looking down at his fingers. Tony's guts clenched painfully. It was as if Steve's words had given him another electric shock and Tony resisted the sudden urge to withdraw his hand. He forced himself to continue moving it over the soft fabric of Steve's T-shirt and not think too hard about what Steve's words implied.
Tony looks away again.  “Well, maybe actual talking would be better than aggressive normalcy,” he says after a long moment, and before he knows it, he’s turning back to Steve, words tumbling out of his mouth.  “I’m sorry.  I’m sorry I hurt you and I’m sorry I can’t even remember exactly what I did to hurt you.  I was—I was supposed to trust you, but I didn’t, and that was wrong.  And I know that these are just words and they’re not even close to ever being enough, but… someday I hope I’ll be able to make things right with you.”
For the next few hours, they made their way through the ruins, their flashlights the only things illuminating the place as they took everything in, Rogers recording their findings with what Tony personally thought was an overblown eagerness—had the man never visited an architectural site before?  He’d probably faint from excitement if Tony ever took him to the Cave of Altamira.
Tony glances at Howard.  “Yeah,” is all he can manage, even though all he wants to do is apologize profusely.
“Shit,” he said.  “Rogers?”
The cut really isn’t that bad, Steve’s suit having taken the brunt of it, although Steve’s kind enough to not say
Steve glanced at Stark, who nodded, then looked back at Luke and Jessica.  "We'll help, then."
“You’re Cap.  Everyone listens to you.”
Cap, undeterred, opened the jar and pulled the fragment out of the foam so he could dump it onto his palm.  "Look."
“Steve,” he says, and he turns a little, wincing again as he agitates his arm.  God, it’s so fucking cold, and yet his arm is the opposite of numb.  Sometime between getting the hell off the ship and onto the raft, it seems like his wound has opened again, the tablecloth Steve had wrapped around him earlier turning red.  Not much he can do about it now, though.  “I-I think I liked lying in the c-c-car with you more.”
He’d finally found the soulmate he’d convinced himself was just a myth for so many years, and he might as well have been the one to pull the trigger on him.
That was some pretty obvious deflecting, but Tony decided to let it go.  He was starting to get the irritating feeling that there would be a lot of letting things go where Cap was involved.  "Okay," he said, even though it would have been more expedient to have the others here as well, but Pepper and Rhodey were already sleeping.  "Well, we won't be able to form a detailed plan until we actually get there and see what it's like for ourselves.  The area as a whole is occupied by the Japanese, but the specific area we're interested in is an evacuated dig site, not a populated town.  There isn't much reason for anyone to be there, Chinese, Japanese, or otherwise."
"You were surrounded," Tony replied, as though that were any reason to come running in without any thought toward self-perseverance.
Finally, with the room a complete mess - and boy, was he not looking forward to cleaning it up before he went to bed - Tony threw open the door to his tiny closet, peering inside.  Nothing looked unusual. On a hunch, though, he pushed open the trench coat hanging off one coat hanger - and that was when he saw it, the smallest service uniform he'd ever laid eyes on.
Steve reached up, but as soon as their fingers touched another biter lurched out of the darkness, and Steve quickly shoved Tony's hand away, not wanting to risk his arm getting bit.
Tony snorted.  "I'm as surprised as you.  But yeah, I guess she did.  After the biters were taken care of we squeezed you and Bucky onto the gurney and brought you back to the hospital.  We gagged you because we still weren't sure if you were going to turn."  He swallowed thickly, looking down.  "You were unconscious for several hours.  But… you woke up.  And now you're here."  Tony smiled cautiously then, continuing, "You got bit.  And you survived."
What he did know, though, was that he sure as hell wasn't going to let Cap down.
Then, finally, a shadow fell across him, and even without being able to move, Tony could tell it was another human - a man, dark-skinned, in American military fatigues.  From the eye holes, he could see him bending over, taking hold of his exposed wrist and placing a thumb along his vein.
The sun was rising.  He couldn't stay.  And so Steve straightened, his hands gray with ash, and then he gathered his belongings and continued the long road south alone.
It was the man who spoke next.  "You're not Burnside."
a Tony.  Was it that same dream again, more than ten years later?
Tony blinked at her, nonplussed.  He wasn't confused at the notion of him being talented, of course.  That was just a simple truth where he was concerned. But hearing it from a parent figure?  That was something else. He loved Mom with all his heart, but she was around so rarely, and she didn't spend what little time they had together encouraging his hobbies.  Not that she needed to, honestly. He could encourage himself just fine, and Mom was there for him in other ways. And Dad - well, the less said about Dad, the better.
Stark made a choked sound.  "Are you crazy?" he hissed.  "This is dangerous!  They could be armed!"
Steve obediently went to sit down, looking around curiously.  Tony apparently lived in a mansion of some sort, because everything was huge; Steve's entire apartment could probably fit in the dining room.  It was ornately decorated, and Steve suspected that anything sitting out that looked like actual precious metals were probably the real deal.
Tony had stopped sharing things with him after that.
“Okay,” Tony said, running a hand through his hair.  He reached up, placing a hand against his chest.  “I have a heart condition.  Or, rather, had.  It was, until yesterday, thought to be incurable.
"It already is," the man said.  He smiled benignly, turning toward the door.  "I will check on your friend Stark," he continued.  "He may be of use to us."  He left, and only Steve and Maya remained in the room.
"It might," Cap insisted.  "If we have two pieces and he has one.  The attraction to our two pieces may be stronger than the attraction to his single piece."
“We get into situations that are
Eventually, the people around him disperse, heading for their family or their friends or wherever it was they planned on going when the ship arrived, and soon enough, it’s just Tony, and still he walks.
“Very strange,” he said.  “Okay.  So what, the human is me and this awful depiction of a cat is you?  Then… three sunrises and three sunsets.  And a mountain.  So by sunset of the third day, we should be at the top of some sort of mountain.  Does this sound good?  Because I think I’m talking out of my ass.”  Rogers didn’t seem to be complaining, though, so Tony continued.  “Once we’re on top of the mountain, you change back.  Somehow.”
What choice did he have?  His shield was useless against this kind of enemy.  "Hey, Tony?"
They stumble out onto the deck hours later, grinning ear to ear and clinging to each other’s hands.  At this time of night, the place is deserted, which is probably for the best.  “You were impressive in there,” Steve tells him as they make their way to the rail, gazing out over the ocean.  “I think you just about stomped out every rich-man stereotype they had.”
He’s terrified.  This can’t be the end.  Not now, not after he’s spent so long trying to secure safety for the both of them.  No, he tells himself.  Steve—Steve is out here somewhere.  He just has to find him.
Tony frowns, looking back at his own wrist, and tries to fathom how a Thomas Paine quote could possibly lead him anywhere.
Steve snorted, then blinked as something caught his eye.  He reached forward and pointed at one package, looking at Tony accusingly.
"It's something else," Tony agreed.  "A precursor to modern Chinese.  A lot of it is still undeciphered.  Luckily for us, the bone in this photo
Maya laughed.  "If not now, when?" she asked.  "Besides, you could say that now's the best time for experimenting.  The government's not breathing down our necks anymore.  All those regulations."
something here.  He just needed to locate it first.
some boarding-school slang he didn't know?  Why was the state of Indiana involved in this?  Who were the twins?
"And let me guess, the tiger circle piece we're searching for is probably sitting near Fu Hao's skeleton… all the way on the far side of the room," Rhodey said.  "Great."
Then he lays eyes on one Sunset Bain, and everything changes.
Ma sighed and closed her eyes, and she didn't open them again.
way, to get Tony moving again.  "Because you will if you just sit here like this!"
the infection?"
The pulse of his heart, Steve had called him.
“And?” Rogers pressed.  “What is it?”
anything?”
"I think I set something off," Bucky shouted at him.  "Oh, God, it's booby-trapped - "
.  “Tony,” he begins.  “That’s… that’s crazy.”
For a long while, they look at each other in silence, and Tony can only imagine what Steve is thinking.  Then someone calls for Captain America, so Steve reaches out briefly, touching Tony’s shoulder.  “Let’s talk later.”
Tony reached out, picked the gem up, and closed his fingers around it—
They didn't talk much after that, though the silences they shared in the coming days seemed much less tense than before, and Steve was reminded again of what a fool he'd been to cling to his old hurts concerning Tony.  And now when Tony was quiet, Steve thought he could read him better—to reassure him when he sensed Tony's thoughts were straying to darker places.
Tony offered him another small smile.  "It's nothing," he said.  "Anyway, now that we know you're okay… you should get some rest.  I promised Natasha I'd put together a coffin for Bucky.  When I'm done we can do this together.  So just relax, okay?"
caution, particularly where Sunset is concerned.
, he thought but didn't say - his tongue wasn't
For a moment, there was no answer.  Tony wondered what the pause was for.  He wondered if Steve was gathering his thoughts, staring into the distance with those blue, blue eyes of his.  Tony hadn't seen those eyes in a long time.
Rogers snorted at him, getting back onto the floor and nudging him toward the rope.  Tony frowned, confused.  “What are you doing?” he said.  “You want me to climb up first?”  Rogers moved and crouched down beneath the rope, so Tony took that as a yes, using him as a stepping stool as he grabbed on.  “Thanks,” he told him.  Even as a sabretooth, he was still very much Captain America, apparently.
Obediently, Tony took a swig—it was just water, not anything exciting, unfortunately—and swallowed.  “I thought drugs didn’t work on you.”
"Say something," Tony whispered.
“Please,” Tony whispers.
"Make it through this, and we'll chronicle and sell all of these adventures, too," Steve replied as he slumped back against the wall of the compartment.
"I wasn't struggling," Tony said, starting to feel annoyed.  It was the second time now that Ty had brought up how terrible yesterday was, despite the fact that there had been nothing wrong with anything he'd done, as far as he could tell.  He was used to ribbing from Ty, but this was getting excessive.
They put away their trays, got Tony's backpack from his room since Ty already had his (Steve realized then that Tony actually had his own private room, though Ty seemed to have been granted free access to it), and then headed off in their separate directions.  It took a little - well, a lot - of fumbling to figure out where exactly he was supposed to go, but aside from that the day seemed to unfold okay. He even felt like he acted passably normal around Ty when they had lunch that afternoon, though Ty had still cast a doubtful glance at the massive plate of food he'd gotten himself.  And sure, he had no idea what was going on in any of his classes, but hopefully the notes he'd taken would be good enough for Tony. They were a lot more helpful than the doodles of flying machines that littered Tony's notebooks, in any case.
By the time the sun dipped low into the sky, Steve was still missing, but Tony realized with a start that he was very much near the top now.  He turned around, looking downward—and goodness, it was a good thing he didn’t fear heights, because seriously, he was high up.
Rogers opened his mouth, like he wanted to ask some more questions, but thankfully he seemed to eventually decide that keeping quiet would be best, instead just nodding and turning around.  “We should be able to find our way back to the entrance,” he said.  “I’ve been keeping track, but it’ll probably take us all day to get out, if not longer.”  Tony just shrugged, and Rogers turned to face him, frowning again.  “You’re going to be okay, right?”
"It's not that - "
By the time Tony stumbled out of the tunnels in the suit they'd built together, Yinsen was already dying, his breathing ragged and his gaze unfocused.  But somehow, he managed to summon up enough strength to lock eyes with Tony, and though he couldn't speak, the message was obvious:
"This was an important mission," Cap muttered, but there was no heat behind his words, and that blush was still there.  It was kind of adorable.  "And you shouldn't look so amused.  It's antiseptic next."
act - then wasn't Steve's life going to be in danger?  Wasn't Bucky's?
“I’m not pretending.”  Very slowly, the man inches closer so that he’s leaning against the rail as well, turning his head to look at him.
"What?" Tony said.
Almost.  Almost.
"With
Jarvis smiled (and Steve relaxed, because whew, this was indeed Jarvis) and stood up.  "I'll be attending to my other duties then," he said. "Please call out if my assistance is required."
here.  So much food.  "Oh, my God," he breathed, glancing back at Ty, who was looking at him with one eyebrow raised.  "Do you see this?"
Stark glared at him.  "We don't.  But I'm not risking that.  We'll find out when we get there."
Curious now, Tony opened the sketchbook up, only to be greeted by a horrendous mess of scribbles.  It sort of looked like drawings on top of drawings on top of drawings, but there were so many of them that it was hard to tell what any of them were at this point.  "It's abstract art," he managed, just so he had something to say. "You're not supposed to tell what it's supposed to be."
"Just because you're able to come up with algorithms in your sleep doesn't mean we all can," Ty said, flicking a red Froot Loop at him.  "Even if I run to the computer lab right now at my top speed I'll have, what, half an hour to somehow refactor everything?"
His weak attempt at levity or whatever the hell it was isn’t appreciated by Steve, whose frown deepens.  “You agreed to join the Avengers,” he says.  “You talked Luke into it.  Why are you suddenly out?”
“I know,” Steve replies quietly.  “I know.”  Tony can feel him reaching up, running his hand through his hair, though he has his doubts as to how comfortable it is.  Surely his head is just a mass of icicles by now, but if Steve wants to give him affection, he’s hardly going to turn it away.  “B-but it’s gonna be okay, Tony.  W-we just have to hold on a l-little bit longer.”
He gets the feeling Steve is thinking about the poppy reserve too, but the other man continues to look glum anyway.  “It’s not the same.”
A moment later, Rogers was standing beside him, shield in one hand and a flashlight of his own in another.  “I hope you know what you’re looking for,” he said as he started forward, Tony trailing after him.
For obvious reasons, Tony had chosen not to dwell on this part of Cap's story.  It was history. It had already happened, and there was nothing he could do about it, so why not just ignore it and think about all the other wonderful things about him?
“You, obviously.”  Tony steps toward him, wrapping his arms around his shoulders.  “Did you know you’re really hot when you’re concentrating?  Or hell, when you’re doing anything?”
No answer.  Too much water, too much creaking.  He whimpers and jumps when something touches him, and he belatedly realizes it’s a floating chair.
Steve didn't know who Sal was, but he could only assume that they were no longer alive.  "Tony," he repeated, his tone sharper.  "You gotta come back to me right now.  Come on."
.  He squirmed helplessly, and if a high-pitched yelp escaped his throat, well, could anyone really blame him?
into his journal.  Still, Tony had to keep trying, if only because it gave a reason for the Arnie guy to talk to Steve.  From what he could tell, Steve and Arnie were childhood friends who had since drifted, but having girls in common was very possibly the key to bringing them back together.  Tony had to pat himself on the back for being so thoughtful.
Tony snorts, turning around to lean forward against the rail again.  He always seems to be fidgeting.  “I wish it were that easy.  He doesn’t like me, but he likes Sunset.  I don’t like either of them.  But he’s still my
Tony picked off the corn and dropped it onto a napkin.  "Sorry," he said, though he was still barely paying attention.  He just couldn't stop thinking about Steve. "Go where again?"
Tony rolled his eyes and held up his hand.  “We pinky promised, remember?”
"Well, if I can cut down on your healing time, why wouldn't I?" Tony asked as he poured some ethanol onto a clean part of the towel and started dabbing away.  "We're friends, right?  That's okay for me to say?  I generally prefer that my friends don't suffer if it's not necessary."
about.  Eventually, though, he reluctantly pulls away with an absolutely filthy sucking sound, though he presses a soft kiss against his tip before slowly stroking him with his hand instead.  “I—” he starts roughly, then coughs and clears his throat before continuing—”I fully expect to be able to finish that properly one of these days.  Promise?”
"Why?"  The conclusion didn't particularly surprise him—after what had happened at Fengjing, Tony suspected that the Nazis had been there first and already found the piece.  Maybe they'd found it when they were laying the trap, or maybe they'd already found it earlier.  He didn't know.  But what he didn't understand was why a discussion on how the man in the wheelchair knew their whereabouts prompted Cap to come up with this.
Tony was apparently uninterested in subtlety, because he clapped his hands together and looked at her, expression defiant.  "So, lady, what's the deal?  My friend is bleeding out and I don't know what you want to do with us.  Are you going to help?"
"Well?" Ty pressed when Tony didn't respond.
"Yeah," the shape whispered.  Now that Tony's eyes were adjusting, he could make out the familiar little wings on Cap's cowl.  "Sorry.  I didn't mean to startle you."
She gives him updates as he flies, the low chatter of hospital staff audible in the background.  Steve goes into surgery, she tells him.  Ten minutes later, she adds that he’s still in surgery, but they’ve located all the bullet fragments in his body, some of which are embedded in major organs.  She tells him when each and every piece is removed.
"Why should we care?" Tony asked. "It’s obviously not the Skrulls and casual raids happen everywhere every day. C-53 is over 160,000 light-years away from Hala and has neither special resources nor exceptionally dangerous or gifted population that would justify protecting this planet."
"Yeah, whatever," Clint countered quick-wittedly, waved it off and shuffled out of the dining room without picking up the box from the floor. Natasha began to gather the napkins, rubbish and other leftovers from the table and Steve jumped up immediately to help her. Bruce was staring at the tabletop again, obviously Tony had given him a lot to think about.
"Doesn't matter. Anything to drown out the thoughts in my head." The furrowed brow was back.
Steve had to wrap both his arms around Tony's torso to stop him from lunging at the General. Tony tried to fight back, but he had no chance against Steve's clamping grip.
." He gave Steve a meaningful look. The scanners they were using could identify Skrull within seconds, and on red alert, they would have Hala completely locked down within minutes. They had to get out of here as fast as they could.
REQUEST MISSION REPORT.
The Hulk had turned out to be just as uncontrollable as Tony had judged him to be in the beginning, although Bruce was a nice and calm guy. Tony really kind of liked him, but the lack of control made him wholly unsuitable as a candidate for a military unit. That narrowed down the selection of those still in the race for the spot on Tony's team to Thor and Steve. And watching Thor was just not as thrilling as watching Steve.
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A47+58E698L
"Before you saved my life," Steve said.
"I suggest myself," Tony said, straightening up a little as he looked the General firmly in the eye.
, C-53, C053.FR45887+125X47
Eventually, Steve rolled to the side, still chuckling, and released Tony's body, but remained lying on his back beside him. Tony's right hand was only centimetres away from Steve's head. He could have touched his cheek if he had just stretched his fingers out a little. Something about the thought made him nervous and he felt his heart begin to beat loudly. At the same time, it seemed impossible for him to pull his hand away or even move a single muscle.
"You may have been born with powers. But your creation was as unspectacular as it could be. You are human. A simple unspectacular human being. They injected Kree DNA to force your cells to mutate even before you were born. Everything that makes you only remotely special comes from us and putting your life in our service is the least you can do to repay us."
Tony saw a little bit of the tension in Steve's body go as this weight was lifted off his chest. "Thank you, Tony. It means a lot to me. All of this."
"Couldn't end this session without a win," Tony said, flopping down backwards on the mat beside him. For a moment he gazed at the ceiling of the gym from where bright lights shone down on them, pleased with himself and his victory. After three hours of humiliating and painful defeats, he thoroughly deserved it. It was only when Tony moved his gaze to Steve that he noticed he was looking at him.
He jerked his right arm up, extended it straight forward and clenched his hand into a fist. He eyeballed above his knuckles, focused, and shot a bright green shimmering beam of plasma energy from his fist at the falling boulder.
The T-shirt had to be soaking wet with sweat from the hours of sparring. Tony could feel it sticking tightly to his skin, but that obviously didn't stop Steve.
She eyed Steve and then Tony again. Her gaze moved down to their interlocked hands and a switch seemed to flip in her head.
"Thank you for telling us," Steve then said sincerely as Tony sat back down and looked at his bitten piece of pizza while mentally awarding himself all the Oscars for his flawless performance. No one at the table seemed to doubt his story or wanted to question him further. After all, this was a very sensitive subject of his difficult past and he still found it hard to talk about. Even though he knew it was an act, he felt a little pathetic.
It's not the team that needs to prepare for anything, my dear, Tony thought with pity. But he also couldn't just tell Steve that he was reading top-secret SHIELD files as bedtime literature and that according to them his best childhood friend was on a nasty and casualty-laden guilt trip right now. But he couldn't just let him walk into the knife like that either.
"Drop away!" Tony screamed.  Aware that he had only seconds left to act, he surged forward, making a grab for Bucky's leg, but the plane jostled and he caught only the fabric of his pants instead.
, Hala, 8K1M.YY67A19+58E698R
All at once, Tony was ten years old again as the General loomed over him. He had been wandering the labs of the academy in search of new ideas. He had lost track of time and had missed his fighting practice session. It had been the first time the General had hit him and Tony felt that he was in for the same thing now.
Steve was in dire need of some rest and relaxation and Tony got up from the bed carefully so as not to wake him. Quietly he put the circuit board and his tools down on the desk, switched off the monitors and tiptoed back to his bed. For a brief moment, he considered just lying down next to Steve. The bed was wide enough, they wouldn't even touch each other in their sleep. Not that he had a problem with that, but he didn't know how Steve felt about it and he certainly didn't want to push him into an uncomfortable situation.
"My professor and I were researching radioactivity and how it could affect organic cells. Sounds familiar, Angry Ivy?" Bruce had his eyes forward again and nodded, his mouth slightly open. "We had developed a technique to weaken bad cells and strengthen good cells. We could change cells in their basic characteristics, effectively reprogram biological organisms. The possibilities were endless, so we dreamed big! Curing cancer, aids, any kind of genetic or cellular disease. Superhuman abilities suddenly were no longer a fantasy, but a possibility. We felt like literal gods, already revelling in the feeling of being awarded the Nobel Prize and every scientific reward there is. Well, until that very night..."
up against that wall back there if I had wanted to. I don't usually let opponents get within arms reach."
"This is the part where you need to trust me," Cap said from the doorway.
resting."
am an engineer!  I can understand you in a way he never will!  Why am I not good enough for you?”
An hour later, S.H.I.E.L.D.’s airship was heading their way to pick them up, and then—at long last—they were going home.
Frowning, Tony set his gauntlets back down.  He didn’t like the idea of Steve going out there by himself, but it’d probably be easier for Steve if he flew solo, particularly since Tony wasn’t exactly well-versed in the art of hunting.  Not that he thought Steve was either, but maybe he had new instincts now.  Still, though… “It’s a bad idea to separate.”
"Have you looked at yourself?  You're pale.  Your skin is gray.  We need to stop."
Bucky was already maneuvering to the cockpit, too fearless for his own good.  "Wait," Tony called. "Don't touch anything; I might be able to turn this around!"  Maybe he still had a chance to save Steve. He was good with these kinds of things. It would be okay -
"Tony!" he cried, but saying his name wasn't going to accomplish anything, so he acted—one swipe of his shield took out the man at the entrance, and then he was hauling Tony over his shoulder, shield cutting through the air to take out the man who'd shot at them.  The man fell over, and once Steve had caught his shield again he turned to try and figure out the door—there was some sort of mechanism involved, and he couldn't just push or pry it open.  Damn it.  If Tony had been the conscious one they'd have been out by now.
, and he’d cared deeply for Sunset once, long ago…
“R-right,” Steve says, long after Tony’s gone.  Is this a dream?  Is he just imagining a rich, handsome man asking him to draw him naked?  Shaking his head to clear it, he goes back into the room they entered in, rearranging some of the furniture in something of a daze.  When he’s done, he takes a seat, then pulls out his materials and sets up his workspace.  His hands are shaking, and Tony’s not even here yet.  It’s just… well.  He’s never felt about anyone the way he feels about Tony.
Sometimes, he reads about his father and Sunset in the newspapers.  Sunset marries some other rich man, of course, and the papers seem to portray them as happy enough.  And his father—well.  All the wars certainly aren’t hurting his business.  But neither of them ever makes any notion to contact him—Tony doesn’t even know if they know he’s alive, though he suspects they do—and he returns the favor.
Having nothing better to do, Steve complied, letting out a sigh of relief when he saw that his shield was the first thing in there.  He pulled it out, running his fingers around the familiar shape, and glanced over at Stark's back.  "Were you out looking for this?" he asked.  "Did you just find it?"
Tony nodded tightly but didn't answer.
When Steve came barreling toward him, Tony started running forward as well, leaping up and grabbing hold of a branch above him, even though it made his injured arm feel like it was being ripped right off his shoulder.  With that, he managed to swing up over Steve, letting go and landing right on him, though he was facing the wrong way.
Stark glanced at him.  "Are you blaming them?"
“Tony…” Steve begins weakly.  There’s nothing he can say to that, so he just rests his head against the pole again, gazing at him.  “I—I think the key was silver.  Maybe there’s an extra in the cabinet.”  At his words, Tony whirls around, finding said cabinet and opening it, looking the keys over as Steve continues, “How did you find out I was telling the truth…?”
"Then how do we know that finding me is actually going to do any good?"
Steve let out a soft laugh, surprising Tony.  But then he shook his head, and Tony relaxed.  "No," he said.  "Because that's an integral part of who you are.  And it's something I always have and always will admire about you."
The time passes quickly.  Tony just… flows out of his pencil, and before he knows it, he’s done.  It’s perfect, he thinks.  Not as perfect as Tony, but to have captured even a part of his essence is enough to make for a beautiful piece of artwork.  “Alright,” he says, signing his name with a flourish and standing up.  “It’s finished.”  He glances back at Tony, who is now stretching.  Steve swallows, looking back at the drawing again.  “Do you… do you want to see?”
But that isn’t all.
"Damn," murmured Rhodey.
", and even that was overshadowed by the more alarming sound of multiple
Tony groans, hips moving slowly against him.  “I really love your hands,” he says.
Before he could say more, there was a sudden movement; one of the previously-still biters on the ground lunged toward Stark, who let out a surprised sound, kicking it away and stumbling backward.  Steve quickly threw his shield to break the biter's legs at the same time Jessica swiped at it, missing the first time but hitting her mark on a second try, twisting the knife hard.
He can see Steve’s body stiffen, and for a terrifying moment, he’s afraid that Steve is just going to ignore him, to pretend he never even heard him.  But that moment passes, and the other man turns to face him, a series of expressions flashing across that handsome face of his.  Shock.  Anxiety.  Hope.
than twice.
Cap nodded.  When he didn't say anything, Tony decided to continue, "I wanted to thank you for the other thing, too.  The saving-my-life thing.  I don't think I did."
.  He takes Steve’s hand and clasps it, and then he turns away and leaves without looking back.
going to punch some damn Nazis in the face.  And we're going to do it because we have you.  Okay?"
knows
The next thing he knows, his hands are being gently pulled away from the rail, and the only thing keeping Tony from tumbling over is Steve.  Tony’s terrified and exhilarated at the same time—here he is, one misstep away from certain death, and yet he trusts Steve so goddamn much that he’s willing to allow himself to be in such a dangerous position, and not even on his own terms.  He can feel Steve extending their arms to their sides, hands still entwined, the other man’s breath hot against his neck and the wind cool against his face.  What on earth is he doing?
Tony shut his eyes and tried not to dream of magical relics.
"Water, a towel, disinfectant, a needle, thread, and gauze," Tony said.
Steve still didn’t look entirely pleased, though the glare softened, at least.  Tony sighed in relief.  “Well, you had intent to break your promise.  That’s almost just as bad.”
“Okay,” Tony said, starting a fire with his lighter and bringing out his knife.  Though he’d never hunted before, he at least knew how to gut and prepare a wild animal—he still had vivid memories of some of the tour guides he’d had during his days of adventuring, slapping down some massive dead animal in front of him and telling him what to do with it.  Then again, how picky was Steve going to be?  “So what are you expecting?  Deer bacon?  Or do you not mind if I’m messy and give you a slab covered with deer fur?”
that.  If something comes up, roll with it and flash a smile as you do.  I have a great smile. Use it to your advantage.
Steve nodded slowly.  "Well… I could help," he offered.  "If you liked."
Tony blinked, looking surprised as he put the paper away.  Not that Steve could blame him for his shock—while Tony had checked on his heart multiple times since Steve had woken up from the ice, this was the first time Steve had approached him about it.  "Nothing interesting," he said dismissively.
, Tony—”
Tony smirks, and there’s a mischievous glint in his eye that wasn’t there before as he continues, “Wearing
Tony nodded weakly—it wasn’t like he was in any condition to run off right now, anyway.  Once Rogers disappeared, Tony took the opportunity to unplug the cables from his chest plate, stuffing them back into their compartments.  He managed to finish just as Rogers came back, holding the flashlight in one hand.  Tony groaned, turning his face away from the glare, only to be confronted with the sabretooth’s body.  Jesus.  “…Is it dead?” he asked.
The face Rogers made in response was priceless, and Tony couldn’t help but snort.  “Not surprised.  Okay, seriously, I don’t know what you can eat.”  He dug through his pack, coming up with another sealed package.  “Meatballs.  Better?”
They cheated death so often and for so long, but it’s finally over.  In the end, it wasn’t a cosmic entity or a murderous time-traveler who was responsible.  It was three bullets: one through the back, two through the stomach, and just like that, the dream is dead.
Tony grins, and before Steve knows it, the other man is straddling his lap, leaving him breathless.  “It’s not my car.”
Somehow, he made it through the day.  He dialed in to his company meetings, spent time in the lab working on his new seed-bomb missiles, and did the homework for the classes at MIT that he no longer had time to attend but still needed to pass if he was going to double major.  If all of those things just so happened to not involve face-to-face human contact with anyone, well, that was a happy coincidence.
They both fell silent.  Steve was still holding Tony's hands, but the other man didn't seem to mind, so Steve didn't let go.  It had been a long, long time since he'd done this with him, and… it was nice.  Soothing.  He could hear the ticking of the reactor powering Tony's heart slowly relax.
Steve was sitting there in front of him, eyes wide and confused as he looked around.  When he noticed Tony had lowered the shield, he gaped at him, mouth moving but no human sounds coming out.
Steve stared at him.  It sounded a lot like Tony was trying to imply something, and Steve wasn't sure he wanted to hear it.  "What are you saying?" he asked at last.  "Are you dying still?"
"And the Japanese will still be in this capital city you've been blathering about, and for all we know the Nazis will wind up there too."
It didn't look like anything Tony hadn't already seen.  Before he could say as much, though, Cap shook his head and said, "Keep looking."  Then he started walking in a small circle, though he kept his hand outstretched, his palm serving as the center he was rotating around.
“Great,” Steve replied, and once again his smile seemed to brighten the whole room.  “By the way, Tony?”
He sighed.  Fretting wasn't going to accomplish anything.  Action would.  So he limped around the room, looking through everything.  The drawers and trash can were all empty, which told him that this room wasn't normally in use.  Unfortunately, that didn't tell him anything particularly useful.
.  But now he can remember all the times he’s been burned before, and maybe… maybe it’s not such a surprise that he’s been burned again.
More blind scuffling.  The sabretooth was clearly enraged by now, which was bad news for Tony, who was bleeding and in clear reach of its claws, but he tried fending it off anyway, blasting at its paws whenever it got too close.  “Rogers—” he gasped again, wanting desperately to curl up into a bloody ball and pass out.  Still, something in him kept him conscious, kept him fighting—how could he not?  Rogers was trying so hard to help him; it’d do him no good to let him down now.
have a freak for a son!” Howard screams, yanking the tablecloth off and sending utensils and dishes and uneaten crumpets everywhere as Tony cringes, automatically scooting back in his chair.  Before he can get very far, though, Howard shoves the table aside and advances on him, placing his hands against the armrests and leaning in close, breathing hard.  He sounds like a bull getting ready to charge.  “It is immoral,” he hisses.  “It is wrong.  It is illegal.  How are you so selfish, Tony?  Have you even given thought about what would happen if someone besides me catches you?  Do you know what it would do to our company?  To
Steve’s breath hitches, but he nods, looking back at him.  “I-it’s fine.  Keep going.”
"It's not a machine, but I know my weapons," Stark said, glancing at him.  "You know this, Steve."
It’s Steve.
She held up some pieces of paper, which was enough for Steve to get up, close the distance between them, and pin her to the wall.  She didn't resist.  "Who are you and what do you want?" he snapped.
They’re so close, he thinks.  Their lips are only a few inches apart.  And Tony… Tony doesn’t want to hold back anymore.  If anyone’s watching, to hell with them.  So slowly, tentatively, he pulls one hand away from Steve’s, reaching up to cup Steve’s cheek with it.  Steve, for his part, holds perfectly still, quietly gazing back at him, though Tony thinks he can hear the pounding of his heart—or maybe it’s his own that is beating so loudly.  It doesn’t matter.  The only thing that does matter is that they’re together.
Maybe, though, there was time enough to say one thing.
At last, they emerged from the trees and onto a gravel road that didn't look as though it had seen any recent use.  Still, just because the area
"Don't!" Tony yelled into the microphone, even though by now, he knew—he
"You would be correct," came a woman's voice from ahead of them, and Steve lowered his shield to see someone standing in the shadow of one of the hospital entrances, two pistols pointed right at their faces.
Tony focused his eyes enough to see the shield propping the sabretooth’s mouth open partway, Rogers doing his best to keep it there as the beast thrashed and roared.  Somehow, even with it writhing on top of him, Tony recognized a need for more power, and so he grappled quickly for the cables located in each gauntlet, opening his shirt and plugging them into his chest plate.  From there, he managed to hold his arms up steady, shooting twin beams straight into its mouth with everything he had, lighting up the entire area as he did.
"Funny how things can slip through the cracks when a crisis is happening," the man—Birch, apparently—said.  "You can hardly blame them.  They needed scientists."
.  The war had ended, going by what Stark had said earlier, and Steve had been lying in the Atlantic like a damned idiot.  "Okay," he said after he'd composed himself as much as he could.  This was already a lot to dwell on, but there was still more to learn, and Steve had a sinking feeling he hadn't heard the worst of it yet.  "So… what was the plan, then?  The war ended, and you wanted to bury me in Arlington?"
Was he wrong?  If Steve had been recruited, surely there was some sort of documentation.  No way something like this didn't have a paper trail. But where was it?
Steve was using his official Captain America voice.  Tony hadn't known the man for very long, but he had a feel for the Cap voice now.  It was hard to argue against it.
After all, what other choice did he have?
“But not anymore.”
Tony doesn’t respond.  What can he even say?  It’s not going to be okay; he
.  Nonetheless, Tony goes about the very important business of fetching the first-aid kit, opening it up and getting the materials needed to clean up and patch the wound.  He doesn’t know why he’s so insistent on taking care of Steve tonight.  Maybe it’s just that he’s been a little lonely.  Maybe it’s just been too long since he’s seen Steve face-to-face.  Either way, if he can convince Steve to maybe spend the night and share a cup of coffee with him the next morning, that would be pretty great.   “I kind of missed you,” he says as he’s wiping the blood off Steve’s stomach.
God, how could he ever save Steve with that?
"Yes," Tony said.  "But that doesn't change anything.  I'm gonna fix this.  Because I refuse to believe that this is the way things are always going to be now."
, so this omission seemed glaring.  Part of him wondered - was Steve, maybe, in denial?  Did he think that if he didn't write about it, it wouldn't be real?
Tony laughs quietly.  “That so?”
“Come back to New York with me?” Steve asks when they’re done, and as the light of dawn makes his eyes shine a brilliant blue and throws into relief nearly fifty years’ worth of frown lines and smile wrinkles, Tony thinks he’s never been more beautiful.
But then for some reason, his traitorous brain thought it'd be funny to make up bizarre terms like "lateral a-skips" and "single-leg hip flexions" that everyone else in his dream understood, but not him.  He was able to pick up a little bit on what they were by watching the others, but it was too little, too late. By the end of the practice he was worn out, the coach was giving him disappointed looks, and Ty looked like he was on the verge of laughter.
Blindly, he scooted closer to the paw, leaning forward to press his lips against it, the barest brush of skin against fur, and he whispered—“It wasn’t worth it.”
Tony was momentarily distracted by the little smiley Steve had added at the end - it was likely something he'd picked up from the people posting on Tony's school's message board, and it was adorable that he'd noticed it and used it, especially since he was writing in pen and could have easily done a regular, right-side-up smiley.
Hopefully he was lucky.
Tony nodded tightly.  "We unburied him.  We pushed the dirt off his body, and we pulled him out of the hole we'd put him in.  Rhodey cut a line in him, and we—we put our hands in him."  His voice cracked.  "He was still warm.  Just an hour ago he'd been talking to us.  And now we were tearing him apart.  What set us apart from the biters in that instant?  The fact that we were using tools instead of teeth?  He was our friend, and we just… used him."
Steve blanched and shook his head.  Then his eyes lit up, and he started tapping his paw on the ground in a… familiar rhythm.  “Do that again,” Tony said when he stopped, and Steve obliged.  Yeah, definitely familiar.  Son of a gun, he was using Morse code. “Deer,” he repeated.  “Okay, wow, that would have been really useful yesterday.  You should do that more.  Anyway, what, you want to hunt deer?  They have deer here?”  Steve nodded again.
"Er," Steve said.  He had no idea who that was.  "No, I'm not."
“Yeah.”  Tony grins and steps forward, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist.  “But it doesn’t matter.  I might be a Stark, but that doesn’t mean I have to be called one.  Oh, I know—what about Chaplin?  Tony Chaplin.  I think that’s a nice name.  Maybe I can pretend to be related to Charlie.”
Jessica turned to glare at him.  "And what, you think I'd just let you do that?  He's your friend, isn't he?  You should trust him!"
No wonder Steve isn’t here anymore.  No wonder he just went and left after helping Tony reboot.  Steve must hate him, and it’s not hard to understand why.
Tony stared at him, momentarily at a loss for words.  Was all that really true?  It couldn't be.  But would Captain America lie to him?
For some reason, Stark winced.  "…I do love flying," he admitted after a moment.  "And I miss it.  But I don't have my suit anymore."
Tony stepped toward it, burning with curiosity.  He wondered if whoever the stranger was (the plucky kid named Steve whose life he'd lived yesterday, his brain supplied, but he tried to quash it down because he was jumping to conclusions and maybe there was still a completely rational reason for all of this that
Tony doesn’t mention it to Steve because Steve hates talking about his—or anyone else’s—words, but sometimes he feels like there’s a hole in his heart where he feels like his soulmate should be.  It’s pathetic, honestly.  He’s a grown man by now, dammit, and he’d
"It—it was no problem," Cap said, and was it just Tony, or were his cheeks a little red?  Before he could get a better look, Cap shook his head quickly, glancing back at the armor.  "Okay.  Let's get you in."
"You wanted north, this is north," Tony replied.  "And we're right on the border anyway.  But really, it was a nice place when we left.  Working sink and everything."
"Designed in '48.  Standard issue for Soviet military."
“Perfectly,” Tony replies without a second of hesitation.  He attempts a smile, looking back at him.  “I remember that you called Radiohead ‘Head Radio’ and almost took Hank’s head off with your shield.”
Then Molecule Man happens.  Steve is irritated—“Why didn’t you just
Not long after that was when Steve started to hear the screaming.
Please go and leave them likes and reblogs!  :D
Rogers sighed but let go, allowing Tony to straighten and take another deep breath.  How long did fractured ribs take to heal?  It would be nice when breathing stopped hurting.  “Fine,” Rogers said.  “So do you know where we’re going?”
was in there.  Steve had drawn him before.  Maybe there were more drawings of him in the sketchbook.  Something, anything, to show that Steve had thought of him at least once in the years that had passed since their last switch…
“Calm down?” Steve repeats, and he’s really not sounding nearly as awed as Tony had hoped, his heart rate jumping still higher.  “
“Wait,” Tony said abruptly, realizing what was coming next.  “There’s no need for that, is there?”
But, he told himself, he had evidence that it had all happened.  The voicelogs on his laptop. The water-damaged homework that Tony suspected might be tear stains from their last switch.  The drawing of himself and Mom in a field of lavender. It was all proof that someone had touched his life once. At the time, it had felt like they had swapped lives for so long.  Now it felt like the distant past, a fading memory of a tiny portion of his life.
With a soft grunt, Steve makes it on, and Tony lets out a sigh of relief, breath clouding the air in front of him.  Alright, he thinks.  Steve is out of the water, and that’s the most important thing.  He’s going to be safe.
He inhales, exhales, then takes the ring off, offering it back to Sunset.  “Yeah,” he says again.  “It’ll be fun.  Really, really fun.”
Tony hands him the ring and leaves with the drawing before Steve can say anything, so Steve sticks it back in the safe, cleans up his workspace, and moves the furniture back to its original position.  When he’s done, he turns to find Tony leaning against the doorway with his arms crossed, staring at him.  “What are you looking at?”
“It’s definitely better,” Steve agrees, turning around and smiling.  Especially with Tony holding him like this.  The man likes to cuddle.  Who knew?  “So,” he continues after a moment, reaching up to run a hand through Tony’s hair, “did you have anything particular in mind…?”
Steve exhaled and gave them a wry smile.  "I've heard that before, yeah," he said.  "And… you two are…?"
But that was the other thing.  He was looking at these things now and he didn't know for sure what they were—and yet they still seemed familiar, like machines he'd come up with in a dream that had since faded from his memory.  How was this possible?  How could he not know what these things were while still feeling like he did, somewhere deep down inside of him?
"Can't be more than two weeks old.  It's probably cleared out by now, but we can just—shit, he's up—"
Steve purses his lips, and it’s clear that he’s not happy with this.  He needs to learn how to be more selfish, really.  After a moment, though, he does decide to comply, appraising the raft before gingerly crawling on as Tony watches with bated breath.  Truth be told, he’s never built anything like this before, and he’s not actually sure how well it’ll float with just Steve, much less the both of them, especially when this thing was clobbered together on an incredibly tight deadline.  Still, he’s Tony goddamn Stark, and he knows what he’s doing.
Rogers let out what sounded like a very put-upon sigh, sitting down next to his shield and looking at Tony expectantly.
They’d make it, he told himself.  They’d get to the top and things would happen and Steve would be back to normal, and then they could go back home and laugh about what had happened and everything would be fine.
Steve sighed, rubbing his forehead.  How had they gotten into this?  "What do you want?"
But now they were both free, and strangely enough, despite spending the past extremely harrowing week with no one but Steve, Tony found himself missing his company.  It was hard to really articulate why.  Maybe part of it boiled down to having shared an experience with him that he’d never shared, and never would share, with anyone else.  Maybe another part of it was how fearless Steve was around him, how he’d seen Tony’s weaknesses and didn’t think any less of him, still drawing his face and labeling him as
, that was painful.  Alright, fine, now he knew.  No matter what, he’d have to make sure this thing didn’t fall out, because it was going to hurt like hell otherwise.
"Well?" Tony pressed, just in case Cap had some sort of interesting observation to provide.
"Don't even think about it," Tony said from behind him.  Steve chanced a glance back and saw that he'd drawn his rifle and was pointing it at her.  "Tell us what the hell you're up to.  Now."
Yinsen looked back at him, but this time held his gaze.  "And is that your goal?" he asked.
Panicking, Steve mashed on the "Back" key until he was back to the original list of rows, the sinful contents of HARD_DATA hidden once more.  "Okay," he said out loud to himself afterward, cheeks flushing even though he was alone. That - that had been something. Part of him wanted to quickly shove the strange black box back into the drawer from where it came, but the other part of him was still curious.  There was more on here to explore than just HARD_DATA. And besides, this was all still just a dream, right? What did any of it matter?
He should confess to Steve about what he did, he thinks.
a later for me.”  He sighed then, turning to glance back at Steve.  “I guess… I just wanted you to know.  Why you’re like this.  Why I was desperate.  And I’m sorry.  I never wanted this to happen to you.”  Hero of
seemed highly unlikely, but Tony decided not to comment on it.  "And?" he pressed.
Cap's lips twitched, and Tony had a feeling it was because Cap knew he'd won that little round.  Damn him.  "Mr. Rhodes is doing research to figure out where exactly we need to go next.  Apparently while we were on the ground, Mr. Jarvis received some transmissions from Fury about Nazi activity in Xi'an.  Seems like a good lead.  And Mr. Jarvis is fixing the airship controls."
“Yeah?”
It had been the wrong thing to do.  Dad had screamed at him - and then some - about how Stark men didn't cry, and while Mom had told him to be quiet and let Tony mourn, it was too late.  Tony didn't shed another tear for Aero, and to this day he felt… guilty, almost, about it, like he'd done her wrong. But he didn't know how to fix it.  It was so long ago, and you were supposed to let sleeping dogs lie, right?
