"Of course," he said. "
"Gregory, I may have asked you to do something you didn't want or understand, but believe me when I say I have the best of intentions with regard to you and your family. No harm will come to any of you. Now, you asked me to give you what you wanted and that's exactly what I did. All I asked in return was that you responded in kind."
That is not what happened here.
The man beside
," Barnabas gasped softly. "I didn't even realize you were here."
"I'm such a fool," John mumbled, hanging his head in defeat. He was so tied up in his own misery that he didn't even notice the footsteps of another being in the room until the person in question was standing right in the doorway.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Fine.
"There's something I have to do, but I need someone else there when I do it. Would you be willing to assist me?"
into his bleeding ears until it was all he could hear. He could feel a connection buried deep beneath the surface between him and his Alpha, binding them together in a tangled web of biological inevitability that sparked both his excitement and his anger. After all, being forced into a marriage was one thing, but experiencing an actual bond? John would die before he allowed that to happen. One way or another, he
Ichabod's purple face sported scarlet patches of rage as he stared his son down, looking so much like a demented serial killer that John couldn't help but crack a smile. "What the bloody hell is this?" he hissed. "How in the world can you stand there and look so happy after all that's happened? More importantly, just how in the hell did you think you could set up a dinner date with the Holmes brothers without notifying me? I bet you thought tonight would be the perfect chance to try to weasel your way out of this marriage, didn't you, you little shit?"
"Assistant?"
John looked into his Alpha's eyes. He saw something there he couldn't quite place. Sure, there was that logical, emotionless rationality Sherlock flaunted, but there was something else beyond that, something John wished he could identify.
"So, John . . . how do you like Sherrinford? Dead ringer for Sherlock, isn't he?"
"But I didn't kill anyone," Olivia spoke up quietly, addressing Sherlock with the same numbness she gave to the rest of her surroundings. "I liked Pontius. He was a good man."
John's head was swimming. Sherlock was coming closer. Why did he insist on coming so close?
John could have thanked the man for turning him into the exact opposite of your typical doe-eyed, weakling of an Omega, had he not ruined all chances of John ever being able to trust an Alpha as long as he lived. The thought that there was an Alpha out there somewhere that wanted to love and cherish John escaped him. To him, Alphas were incapable of love and compassion. They never gave. All they did was take, take, take. They ruined other people's lives and didn't have the goddamn common courtesy to feel guilty about it. This wasn't about projection; this was the truth. The only thing Pontius did was show John an Alpha's true colors, the
"I see I've upset you," Burgess noted the panic on the boy's face hesitantly. "I apologize profusely for my deception, but I had to find some way to get you here and I didn't know if I could ask because you don't know me very well. I could have asked Sherlock himself, but I have no doubt in my mind he'd find such a task tedious."
John's mouth opened slightly in understanding. So, that's who this was? One of Moriarty's . . . playthings? Were they even in a relationship? Or was he some kind of male escort there to satisfy all of this Jim's disgusting fantasies? Only time would tell, he supposed.
John ignored the man's disrespectful attitude and struggled to his feet, the fog in his head slowly fading away as he took in Jim's house in the distance. "So, this is Moriarty's house, yeah? Greg already inside?"
Sitting on a chair, both arms resting on the ends, was John Watson, staring defiantly at the clock on the wall as it ticked closer and closer to the dreaded time when the Holmes brothers would return to once again wreak havoc on his life. He could feel every muscle in his body twitch with a mixture of irritation and excitement, unsure if he was 100% disgusted with the idea of being so close to Mycroft's infuriating little brother.
Sherlock gave him a knowing look. "John. You may be able to lie to everyone else in your life, but you can't lie to me."
The kid beside him started to breathe heavily, eyes lidded with what appeared to be unwanted desire. Moriarty's eyes didn't leave John's, though the mention of the boy caused a small flash of lust to grace his features. "Sebastian Moran. He's a special boy."
Mycroft smiled deviously, like he knew something Greg didn't and was proud of it. "The Holmes' and the Watson's go back farther than you could possibly imagine. Their escapades have gotten certain members of both families in some serious trouble. It just so happens that Pontius was dealing with someone whose bad side I'd rather not be on."
"Your . . . mate?" Mycroft inquired, curiosity and disgust battling for dominance within the depths of his intimidating face. "Is that how you plan to refer to him from now on? Oh, how touching."
Why did he have to have this connection with his Alpha anyway? The man was clearly a robot, if his emotionless tone was anything to go by. What kind of relationship would that be? An Omega who wanted nothing to do with an Alpha and an Alpha who wanted nothing to do with an Omega? How on God's green earth could that ever be possible?
Hello again, my lovelies! I am back with a new chapter. I'm just going to be honest, I really didn't like the way this one was written, but I'm sure you'll all think differently. It's why I love you. You're not afraid to lie and tell me I've actually got a good story going on here when I know I probably don't. xD Thank you all for the comments and kudos. They really do mean a lot. By the way, I brought the narrator back for the first couple paragraphs and my favorite psycho will be introduced into the story shortly . . . you're welcome.
In all honesty, this has got to be the best story I've ever written. It's not perfect, but it's good enough that it would be a shame to leave it unfinished. So, with that being said, if you're all still out there somewhere and would like for me to continue this story, just let me know. It'll take me some time to revisit some plot points, as I'd forgotten where I was trying to go with it, but the juices are flowing and the muses are all over me like stank on shit so I'm guessing it won't be much of a problem to pull out the old writing cap again. Even if nobody responds, I'll probably still finish it on my own time. I just won't post it.
Anyhoo, while you must have suspected I was lying in a ditch somewhere as maggots slithered in and out of my eye sockets, I'm here to officially put all those pesky nightmares to rest. I have no excuse for my absence (unless being a jackass counts) because I can't for the life of me remember why I disappeared in the first place. That's how long it's been. All I know is that I stumbled back to AO3 for reasons completely unknown to me and found a story I barely recalled writing. I just finished skimming through the entire eight chapters and I must say, my reputation most definitely precedes me.
-falls on her fat ass, apparently. My . . . this is, er . . . this is embarrassing. It's okay, though! While we may be here with our lovely John, he is in the past, and therefore cannot see us.
John's guide took him up a very long spiral staircase to a room whose space consisted of rows upon rows of what looked like a library's worth of books lining the many shelves. Windows displayed the sky, black as the night John was in, without a star in sight as if to tell the hesitant Omega he was swimming in treacherous waters. The storm from earlier hadn't dissipated, but the lightning was gone, leaving behind an abyss of ebony that was staring directly into John's weary expression. The room definitely looked like a library, but bigger, with a shelf, followed by a space with a window, then another shelf, and on and on the pattern went, making John dizzy. It wasn't until he reached the end that he noticed a small door being opened by the boy, leading him to a smaller room with more books and a cozy fireplace. A small chair was placed strategically in front of it, holding the weight of someone John assumed was Moriarty.
The exact moment Greg realized Mycroft was his Alpha felt like a douse of cold water on the flames of his existence. Time stood still as both men stared the other down, each taking in the reactions of the other. The look on his Alpha's face transformed right before his very eyes, dissatisfaction giving way to an awareness of Greg's thoughts that left him vulnerable to the sensations ripping him open like knives through flesh. Mycroft's thin lips formed into a smirk that made Greg weak at the knees, heart pulsating in his chest hard enough that he could feel it's beat in his ears.
The smirk on the man's face disappeared.
All of John's thoughts flew out the window as Sherlock came impossibly closer, so close that the Omega could feel his body heat through their clothing. While Sherlock's offer was more than tempting, John just couldn't see why he should trust someone he barely knew enough to put his life into their hands. What if he was lying? This could just be some play on his emotions, couldn't it? Although . . . if that were true, what reason could Sherlock have for lying? It was clear that he didn't want to get married anymore than John did. What if he really was being sincere? While John found it incredibly hard to trust an Alpha, Sherlock made an excellent point about them not all being the same. What if he was different? What if he deserved more credit than John was giving him?
John had finally found his Alpha.
As the reader can probably guess, good old Barnabas Holmes was about to find out.
The opponent's eyes narrowed as he saw his defeat play out in slow motion, saying nothing while he watched the last move executed in such a way that he could have gladly strangled the man in front of him, had he been able to admit that said man was one of the few people in the world that could get a rise out of the otherwise stoic Alpha.
Then the whole bit about Mycrot holding Greg's parents at gunpoint and forcing them to move both themselves and their son to Moriarty's for . . . protection? Mycroft had said something about how Greg needed protecting and this was the only way it could be done. But who would Greg need to be protected from? Why would he need John's help? If this was all about his friend, then how did John get mixed up in this mess? Did Sherlock know anything about his brother's intentions? Was he even the least bit suspicious that his brother kept more secrets than a pregnant schoolgirl?
Sighing internally, Barnabas got up from the chair situated in front of his desk and went to his bedroom, smiling when he saw the clothes he would wear for the night laying on his bed, perfectly ironed.
"You have no idea what's going on here, brother mine."
A flash of lightning, and rain was pouring off the pavement as if for dramatic effect, lighting up Mycroft's annoyed face. John hated that face, and he couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock had the same reaction to his overbearing older brother that he did. Just that fact alone could be enough to unite the Alpha and Omega, a thought that would have made John smile had he been in the mood for humor. Instead, all he felt was fear and rage.
Huh? Oh, fine. We'll just leave it up to the story to do that for the you. You people certainly know how to make a narrator feel special, don't you? Cretins.
"Might as well be," Agatha replied. "My boys are extremely gifted, you see. They can see things that others cannot. Oh, you just wait until you get to know him, my dear John. He'll shock and entertain you in ways no other Alpha will ever be able to."
"John, it's Mycroft."
"How the hell did you know him anyway?"
"Oi. I'm talkin' to you."
"You cannot do this to me! This is not the price we agreed on."
John looked at his father with raised eyebrows. "Maybe he's not coming."
John's forehead creased with resolve. There was no way in hell that was ever gonna happen. While he had no choice but to be subjected to a dinner surrounded by Alphas, he'd rather die than waste his life with one. When those boys came through his door, he would be polite, yet firm when he told them that he didn't plan on ever giving Sherlock what the world tells him he's supposed to. He'd marry him, sure. He was left with no other option. However, he'd be damned if he was going to sleep with him, cook his dinner, bear his pups, or further inflate his already giant ego. He was an Omega. He was strong, independent, and he didn't need Sherlock to take care of him. He didn't need his money, his influence, or his physical prowess. All he needed was himself.
In the corner of the room, far away from the prying eyes of its occupants, a burly gentleman of forty-seven and a half stepped in view to gaze confusedly at the panicking old man before him. "What?" he asked, accent heavy with disdain.
3. When they've found their mate (it is important to note that this process includes a certain pheromone that's given off by both the Alpha and the Omega, signifying to both parties that they're meant for each other).
"I'm gonna count to three, John, and if you don't open this door right now, I swear I'm gonna-"
Welcome to hell.
"Right," Irving stated. "Now that we finally have this settled after years of discussion, I'm happy to inform you all that we can now cease negotiations regarding the Omega known as John Watson. I shall draw up the papers at once for both parties involved to sign, and then we can marry the two kids off. Now, uh . . . if there's nothing else-"
"I try to accommodate you in every possible way, yet you continually dismiss my efforts. It is I that should be asking you such a question."
"I understand your frustration," Greg said, standing beside his best friend. Following John's eyes, he looked across the street at the group of Alphas giggling like school children at recess, ignoring the way his breath mingled with his companion's in the cold autumn air. "With all the hype society gives them, people like us can't help but wonder what the hell they have that we don't."
One shake of the head, and the boy's eyes finally tore themselves away from the place where his Alpha had been, turning his attention to the man in front of him. "Oh, uh . . . h-hi, Mr. Holmes."
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock growled, pacing behind John. “He's not healed enough.”
“Zane wants this done as soon as possible!” one of them exclaimed and John could see a syringe in his hand. “He wants it ready for the siege in a couple months.”
also for those of you not in to khuzdul lol
“Please?” John pleaded. “Can I just try first?” They all looked to Greasy who finally nodded his head slightly.
“What?” Sherlock said, looking confused.
“Well I'm here to take over the tent, why don't you head back to yours before someone else comes in,” Mike told him, gathering up the spilled supplies from the night before. Molly who was a wisp of a girl in human form, hurried after him to help, giving them one last smile.
“I know I know,” John grumbled. “I'm ready for bed too.” John collapsed onto his cot, watching Sherlock stumble over to his nest and curl up cat-like. It didn't take long before he let exhaustion take him.
“Sherlock!” John yelped. “We just went for a flight sir. I'm so sorry. We were just getting so bored in the medical tent.”
“We can talk to Bowen, try to figure out what's happening?” John suggested softly and Sherlock bared his teeth in a snarl.
“You'll get us both in trouble talking to them like that,” John said gently, stroking Sherlock's curls. “Just watch that tongue okay?” Sherlock nodded like a scolded child as Mike finished up John's shoulder bandage and gave a nod of pleasure at his work.
When the men finally returned, they were all wearing rubber gloves and sturdy jumpsuits. They carried long sharp poles and one man was drawing up drugs into a syringe. The dragon started snarling behind John, drawing back slightly into the shadows, but John could see the electricity rolling over its scales.
“Did you know that dragon?” he asked suddenly and Sherlock visibly flinched. The dragon made his way back to John, smoothing ointment over the wounds before he answered.
“The rest of them ran,” he told them, inspecting the man on Sherlock's back. “Transport is on its way for the injured. Looks like we won today.”
“I don't believe it is up to you what dragons are fit for the british army,” John snapped, posture straightening. “Now I asked you a question.”
“We're here to pick up a package,” John said loud enough for them to hear. He reached very slowly into his chest pocket for the letter Bowen had given him and held it out for the men to take. The one in the center stepped forward, a sword hanging loosely at his side and snatched the letter from John's hand, eyeing Sherlock nervously.
“This soft hearted ninny is the only mounted pair you have besides me and I have my own part to play,” Bowen commented idly, picking at one of his nails. “Something to do with soldiers treating their dragons like property or something of the sort.”Zane turned and glared at the other general who acted oblivious.
“Mike!” John greeted, shaking his hand firmly. Sherlock drew up beside John, standing tall and proud and the yellow dragon sank back further.
The next several weeks passed in a blur, going for fittings, packing, and being detailed on their mission. Sherlock remained obstinate about anyone touching him which made fitting his harnesses quite difficult. He had been sulking in his dragon form more than human and had created quite the sizable crevice in the couch much to John's displeasure. The big ship out day came though with a sniveling Mrs. Hudson waving them off as Sherlock was loaded into the back of a truck in a crate, John clambering in after him. He watched the scenery as they drove, one hand pressed against Sherlock's crate. “It'll be a long time till we get back here,” he mumbled to the dragon who let out a puff of breath and smacked his tail against the floor.
“Sherlock now,” John growled, starting to get up himself. The dragon grumbled but helped him to his feet, steadying him as he latched on to Sherlock's forearms. John stood there for several minutes with his eyes closed, swaying slightly, grip tight. Slowly he opened his eyes, focusing on the gentle rise and fall of Sherlock's chest and his grip loosened.
“We'll at least get all the fittings for the harnesses and armor,” Bowen said, stepping closer to take a better look at Sherlock. The grey dragon made a noise of distress as he drew nearer Sherlock and the general shushed him. “We're fine Lestrade.” Lestrade sighed, wings stretching and closing. Sherlock looked bored, tail curling in a half circle around where John still stood. Suddenly the door burst open and a man came running in.
“I know I'm not nearly as good a fighter as Sherlock,” John began slowly.
“I guess we should go pack then,” John sighed, getting to his feet slowly. Sherlock scrambled forward to steady the soldier, drawing another snort from general Zane.
“Moriarty heel,” General Zane called and the dragon backed off Sherlock, leering at him. Sherlock made a pained noise and John hurried to his side. There were several bite wounds across Sherlock's shoulder, oozing steadily. “See to it that you do not go on another one of your joy rides without express permission Watson.” The man left, snapping his fingers at Moriarty who followed in annoyance.
“Uh Sherlock,” John coughed, eyes big and slightly worried. The dragon pulled back, his arousal evident through the thin shorts and shook himself slightly.
Somewhere in the distance, a bird sang a variety of notes in rapid succession, humming its assent. Greg smiled at John, refusing to argue with him. John smiled back, and before they knew it, both men were laughing so loud, the pack of Alphas turned their heads to leer at the happy Omegas, some going so far as to howl in such a manner as to convey their obvious interest in a potential fuck.
The discussion of a mating between an Alpha and Omega must obviously prompt a few quizzical stares, and so we shall now delve into the differences surrounding the Alphas, Omegas, and Betas. Yes, we must never leave out the Betas, for it was one Beta in particular that served as a referee for a different coupling that the reader will certainly see at a later time, one which John will be very much involved in-
Barnabas and John stared at each other. The old man frowned at the pain in the boy's eyes. He almost regretted setting this whole thing up, but he couldn't allow himself to be swayed by emotion. John was still young enough that he couldn't see what a blessing this was. He was a part of something big, something amazing. Sure, there would be obstacles, but if Barnabas could just get the child to see that this didn't have to be a bad thing, this marriage could save not only the families, but John and Sherlock as well. John needed to see that being an Omega was a powerful thing, and Sherlock needed someone to humanize him, turn him from a great man into a good one. Their personalities were so well matched that it stunned Barnabas. Sherlock would satisfy John's need for freedom and adventure, teaching him that having an Alpha by his side that understood him and treated him as an equal was the best self-esteem booster in the world for an Omega. In return, John would place himself inside the lonely world of Sherlock Holmes and teach the heartless Alpha humanity, tear down all of those walls Sherlock spent so long building and show him the beauty of love and compassion. A bored, angry, defiant Omega in need of someone to take him away from his detestable existence and show him his true power. A cold, unfeeling Alpha in need of someone to stand by his side and share his love of adventure and excitement. Someone who will thaw his frozen heart and replace contempt with love.
Moriarty's gait was raptorial. Every step was littered with determination, the nature of it intimidating without even trying. He was a small man, yes, but not weak. There was no such thing as a weak Alpha. Everything about him, from his slicked back brown hair, to his brown eyes, to his well-tailored suit screamed class, but there was something off about his sophistication. His eyes held a bit of madness which mirrored in his contorted lips, a hint of crazy penetrating his form in a silent signal to John that said only one thing:
"I did nothing of the sort."
Greg grinned. There was something funny about a slightly amused Mycroft feigning disgust at his "date's" table manners. He could have fooled anyone with that scowl, but Lestrade somehow knew better. It was as if some invisible force gave him an insight into the man's mind that nobody else would ever share. It surprised Greg because that kind of intimacy was only shared by an Alpha and his Omega, so how he carried that ability was . . . was . . .
Mycroft wasn't sure whether it was relief or fear that came over him when Sherlock said yes without a moment's hesitation, but he had a feeling that things were beginning to heat up in a way he didn't think he was comfortable with, and he hated himself for admitting that, no matter what happened, he wouldn't be able to handle the repercussions. No wonder he didn't believe in love. It was too complicated and irrational to ever be considered logical.
"Please understand, John. I didn't want any of you to suffer. We all thought that if a Holmes developed a bond with a Watson that we could unite our families through them. You may not know this, but when you and Sherlock were children, we had the two of you meet. From the moment you both laid eyes on each other, I knew, John. We all knew. It was destiny. This thought of an arranged marriage was placed in our heads through divine intervention. I believe there is a higher power up there somewhere, and I can't help but think they were smiling down on us all the day we discovered the undeniable proof that you and my son were meant to be."
"Yes?"
"Sherlock," John murmured.
John blinked. "Appears so, yes."
"Breathe with me, my Omega," Sherlock responded, holding the other boy's face in his long fingers. John breathed. "Good. Keep your eyes on me, John. Don't go. Stay with me."
"John Hamish Watson, get your ass out here now!"
John has finally done it.
"I was trying to take a shower."
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Don't be such a baby, John. So I manipulated you. Don't feel so special. I do it to everyone."
"Ah, yes," Mycroft murmured. "Cyanide."
Holy Sherlock! I'm sooo overjoyed at the amount of praise I've received for this story so far. I loved all of your comments and I do so hope you keep them coming. I'm not going to lie to you, this chapter is nothing more than a filler leading up to the next, so it really sucks. No need to worry, though. The next one will hopefully be much better (and longer) than its predecessors, but it's going to take longer to finish (you can't rush art, dammit!), so just bear with me. On a happier note, I married Benedict Cumberbatch today! (In my mind, that is). Isn't it grand? Oh, the joy of delusions. xD
The older man might have been right about this marriage not solving a thing, but he couldn't help kicking himself in the ass for not predicting an actual bond existing between the Alpha and Omega. How was he going to keep such a situation from spiraling out of control? More importantly, how was he going to keep himself from falling prey to the same fate? Gregory Lestrade was his mate. He detested the feelings that developed at just the thought of the boy. He made Mycroft feel something he'd always thought was beneath him. For the first time in his life, it wasn't just Sherlock Mycroft needed to protect, but a certain little Omega that the Alpha was sure would one day be the death of him.
John folded his arms over his chest. "No."
"Well, Mycroft told us he'd react this way, didn't he?"
"Oh, for God's sake," Mycroft snapped, interrupting John's internal monologue. "You expelled your insides all over the lady's smock. Those white petals are rare, John. They should be respected and cherished, not used as a punching bag for your abuse. Get up, compose yourself, and get into the limo. I swear, all this getting up and doing my own dirty work is beyond irritating."
Mycroft's eyes became hard. "I'd never allow him to hurt you."
Mycroft grinned. "Quite."
"Why not? It's not that big a deal, is it? You said yourself that John hated Pontius. Why would he care that you're the murderer? I'd have thought he'd be overjoyed."
These two boys, as you may have guessed, were Sherlock Holmes and John Hamish Watson.
"What more do you want from me, Mycroft?" Greg was whispering, folding his arms across his chest defensively. The anger and hurt on his face wasn't exactly subtle, making John wonder what it was that could have caused such a distressed look to plague his friend's features. "First that shit happened at dinner, then you come into my home and threaten my parents into bringing me here, and now this?"
"I hope you know what you're doing, father."
Damn little shit.
This was all Mycroft's fault. If he hadn't called the previous night just to drag Greg into the mess his world had become, John would have easily fallen into the warm embrace of unconsciousness without so much as batting an eyelash. But that would be too simple, wouldn't it? Those damn Holmes' found life much more satisfying when they were destroying a member of the Watson family. Heathens, the whole lot of them.
Mycroft smirked. "You really are as fiery as they say, aren't you, Mr. Watson?"
"Put something on that, quick!"
John's head shot up, brows contorting in a mixture of anger and bewilderment.
John didn't know why he bothered waiting for an answer, but when it became apparent that they'd rather stare at each other than help the poor little Omega stranded in the middle of nowhere, he threw his hands up in exasperation and headed in the direction of the mansion in the distance without once looking back to see if the Alphas had decided to follow. When he'd reached the double doors, he knocked with all the strength he could muster and waited for an answer, trying his best to ignore the little tidbit of information relating this Moriarty to a cold-blooded killer.
"You misunderstand me," Sherlock interrupted. A moment went by where the Alpha simply stared at John as if he were a work of art, a mystery he was keen on solving. "You, my dear John Watson, have just demolished nearly every opinion I've just stated regarding Omegas. You're kind and compassionate, yet you continually refuse to allow an Alpha access to your extraordinary heart and mind. You're both emotional and intelligent, using a combination of love and logic to make it through this soap opera we call life. You feel an intense attraction to me, but not once have you begged me to take you. You're strong, and you're not afraid to face a threat the world tells you is stronger than you to get what you want. You're utterly fearless, an attribute I admire greatly. When it comes to everything I've said before about your kind, you. Are. Evidence . . . to the contrary."
2. When they're being forced.
"Checkmate."
For some reason, everything around John started to shrink and distort into abstract images he couldn't comprehend. His heartbeat increased, pounding inside his ears as his breathing took on a life of its own. He slapped a palm over his chest, but it did nothing to stop the tightness he felt there, like an anaconda squeezing the life out of him.
"John!" Ichabod snarled. "Don't just stand there like an idiot. He's dead, you moron!"
Greg Lestrade couldn't find the right frame of mind to help him justify dining with the brother of Sherlock Holmes. After all, it was no surprise to anyone that Greg was John's best friend. That alone should have been enough to deter him from conversing with any member of the family that's helping put his bloke into a situation he doesn't want to be in. Unfortunately, certain circumstances prevented him from putting his sense of loyalty before his need for self-preservation, and the situation he now found himself in provided him with the opportunity to do what he never thought he'd ever do: keep a secret from someone he cares about.
A sudden and violent need to compose himself without the watchful gaze of Mycroft Holmes analyzing his every move went unmet as some part of his consciousness registered the familiar clicking of neatly polished shoes approaching his huddled form with deliberate steps. It took all of two seconds for the man to stare disapprovingly down at John as if he were a parent scolding their child's unacceptable behavior, making the boy glare back up at him with hatred.
To Greg's dismay, the room didn't answer.
The tears that landed on the tip of the boy's tongue tasted like salt, a bitter reminder of his deep pain. He'd never imagined being cast aside by your Alpha could feel like this, but the Omega hormones causing his emotions to bleed out of him made him sick to his stomach. He tried to breathe deeply, to shove his hurt so far inside of himself that he'd never find it, but it was no use; the pain was here to stay.
"Listen to me," Ichabod snarled quietly. "I will not be made a fool of. I was informed that the set price was 1,000,000 pounds. You assured me that if the money was delivered by tomorrow, John would be out of the question."
"So," Mycroft started, looking around the room in distaste. "What have you been up to, hmm?"
my family so I'm gonna make this perfectly clear for all of you. I . . . am NOT getting married. I would rather die than give any part of me to an Alpha. I like my independence. I like my freedom. I like being able to do whatever I want without the burden of fear or consequence. In short, I like living the life of an Alpha. I'm not a bitch that needs to be bred or a tool you plan to use for your own dastardly agendas. I am an Omega, and as an Omega, someone who bears the gift of creating life, I deserve a little goddamn respect, so
The fight between the families continued, Greg's plea going unnoticed.
"So," Greg piped up from some random corner of the room. "What are we gonna do with the body?"
"You were the one that told me to kill him, Mycroft! You said that John's life would have been in danger if I hadn't."
, he thought to himself.
drop off, but it seems I was mistaken."
"Of course. I may not be able to stop this wedding from taking place, but I can at least make what happens afterward bearable for the both of us. It's an extremely generous offer, one which I hope you'll accept with limited reservations."
of you. Now, I don't give a shit about the Holmes'
"We need to be there. Don't ask me why. Just say yes."
Limited reservations? He couldn't possibly be serious.
At this point in time, you as the reader are probably inquiring as to just how in the hell Mr. Watson go to this point, but you need not fear. Everything will be explained with as much gusto as a narrator can manage when recounting a tale of this magnitude. A story of passion, betrayal, and cold-blooded murder awaits your eager eyes, so this story shall now begin with what one hopes is an interesting scene to bear witness to, involving an eve of darkest night that sets into motion the harrowing journey of one John Watson, and the arranged marriage that would either be his salvation . . . or his downfall.
Mycroft stopped walking, huffing quietly. Turning around, he looked John in the eye with the intimidating stare he'd always be known for, and uttered a dreadful name that, looking back on it now, would have made John's skin crawl if he knew then what he knew now. It was a name that belonged to the craziest son of a bitch in the world, a name that John
"Everybody shut up," Sherlock said, looking bored. "I'll figure this out eventually. Right now I'm hungry. Mycroft?"
The funny thing, though? None of this would be presently happening if it wasn't for the jackass on bended knee beside him. Once upon a time, John could have taken one glimpse at those dark locks and piercing blue eyes and retched in disgust, but now? As much as every part of his mind wanted to hate him, all John could feel when he looked at the bastard was love. It filled him with unwanted admiration and idolatry, the unmistakable scent of his Alpha making the inner Omega within him purr in contentment . . . asshole.
John tried to hide his panic. "But that's impossible. I made those cookies, and I can assure you, I'm not the one that killed the guy."
Did he have a choice? Negative.
Moriarty's mouth twisted into a smirk. "John Watson. It's an honor to meet you."
It was with great effort and admirable skill that John was able to make it into the limousine without puking the rest of his intestines all over the driveway. It was an incredible feat. John was mighty proud, if he did say so himself. But the victory was short lived when the gravity of the situation finally dawned on him. He was getting married next week . . . to an Alpha. He was being uprooted from his home to the home of someone he knew nothing about. As if that wasn't enough, he was going to have Greg with him. John was always extremely protective of his friends, but how could he care for both himself and another Omega? He could barely save himself from Pontius' clutches when he was a child. How was he supposed to escape his own fate when he had to help someone else escape theirs as well?
When Sherlock was finally in front of him, John prepared himself for the worst.
Had John believed in telepathy, he would have thought his dear old uncle had read his mind, because it was at that exact moment that the monster turned his eyes, slick as a serpent's, to John's, the corner of his foul lips drifting upwards into a sly smile that the younger man wanted to slap right off his face.
"Bit of a traditionalist, I'm afraid. Father was just as drab."
Sunlight peeked through the curtains of John's bedroom window, yellow slivers falling on his face as he stared up at the ceiling. Despite his current train of thought, every bone in his body was so relaxed that he melted into his ivory sheets, lashes drooping from lack of sleep. Fatigue might have won the war it waged on him, had John been anything other than the stubborn bastard he knew himself to be. Luckily, he was just as headstrong at that particular moment as he ever was, which was probably the reason he suddenly found himself using the excuse morning provided to stumble out of bed in a half-assed attempt to stay on his own two feet, all the while thinking of how great a world it would be if only he'd resisted getting drunk out of his mind the night before.
going to find a way out of this marriage. He'd make sure of that.
"Cold compresses!" the other man admonished, outstretched fingers pointing to the sky. "An ice bag, a slab of meat. Something!"
"Do shut up, Irving!"
Mycroft's expression was intense, too intense for John to think the man's involvement in Greg's life was something he could just will away. "Absolutely nothing."
"Then," John said hesitantly, gazing into Sherlock's eyes, "I accept."
"It has to, goddammit! It's our only hope of stopping this!"
John was going to reply, but it was then that something in the air suddenly shifted, leaving him completely immobile. The wind from outside blew through the entire household, bringing with it a familiar scent that lit John's fire. His skin was tingling with arousal, his bottom lip falling uncharacteristically between his teeth. He didn't have to turn around to know who was behind him. Why would he even bother? His hormones told him of the other boy's presence before he could even get a word out.
Looking back on Sherlock and John's first meeting, we cannot help but to assume that the tension between these two upstanding young gentlemen will only grow stronger as their tale unfolds. However, while the reader has correctly surmised that the willful Omega known as John Watson will eventually fall irrevocably in love with his proud and stoic Alpha, said reader can't even begin to scratch the surface of the journey it's going to take our dear boy to get there. Luckily, the narrator's nails are the correct length needed to delve low enough into the story to soothe that unbearable itch...
Sherlock walked slowly up to John, meticulous steps that reverberated through the walls. His shoes on the wooden floor were so final sounding that it was almost as if death itself was paying the boy a visit. He had no doubt in his mind that he would die here. He would be claimed and violated and all of his hard work would be fruitless. Sherlock would no doubt bend him over, display his dominance and show John that Omegas really were nothing more than sex slaves. It didn't matter, did it? By the end of the night, John would be nothing more than a weakling.
"Oh, that's rich coming from you."
"I am NOT his Omega!" John snapped, earning a fierce glance from Sherlock.
Mycroft watched the curiosity that flashed through the icy blue orbs with a terrible frown. He had no idea that Sherlock and John were mates before he'd seen them together. After the dinner where Pontius was murdered, there was no denying the incredible effect the little Omega had on Mycroft's brother. While he knew Sherlock didn't want or believe in love, he had a strange feeling the Alpha's obvious attraction to him would prove a problem if the man became entangled in a web Mycroft didn't want him to be in. How was he expected to protect the kid when he wasn't even aware of his own bond? Sherlock didn't know it yet, but his interest in John Watson would turn into something much more dangerous, something he wouldn't be able to contain, no matter how emotionless he believed himself to be.
depressed, but he still got a kick out of the imagined horrified expressions of the people he hated as they stared at his bloated corpse suspended from a cable attached to the living room chandelier. While it would suck to waste all of his potential just for the sake of sadism, the pain and discomfort of suffocation would be well worth the devastation he'd cause to those god awful families.
As Mycroft departed, Barnabas let out a breath he didn't even realize he'd been holding. The words of his son hung heavy in his heart. He knew deep down that the man was right, but he also knew that he couldn't just sit by and watch the future he'd struggled to secure for his family crumble to the ground because of a petty feud that's been going on for as long as he could remember. While he understood Mycroft's frustration, he felt as if he had no choice but to try the one thing that would enable his lineage to continue unscathed by the Watson's. Knowing that Olivia and Ichabod felt the same gave him peace and strengthened his resolve. No matter what his children said, he would secure the marriage of his son and John Watson, and if it lead to bloodshed, then at least he could say he'd tried everything. Still, only one question remained . . .
John, stunned out of his mind, turned to Sherlock and watched as he removed his scarf from his neck, placing it on the coat rack before walking away from his bewildered Omega. John tracked his movements with trepidation, wondering why his Alpha left him all alone with a very eager looking Burgess Holmes. When Sherlock disappeared down the hall, the old man's voice finally registered with John.
"John," Greg said, putting a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Are you alright?"
"Sherlock," Mycroft said softly.
Sherlock gave a tiny smirk. "Which one?"
Before he even knew what he was doing, John destroyed everything in that cramped little space, breaking mirrors and ripping both the shower curtain and the rod from their place above the tub. Taking the rod, he banged at the tiles on the wall until all his rage was spent, causing him to fall to the floor in a pitiful heap of misery and despair. Ignoring the bleeding knuckles aching from his abuse, he slowly put his head in his hands and wept, hating the tears that trickled down his face. They were nothing more than a reminder of his weakness and his failure, salty badges of emotional truth that laughed and mocked him for his inability to control his own emotions.
It infuriated the Omega to know that there was a part of him that entertained the prospect of getting to know that man. Sherlock may be an interesting fellow, but making John see the appeal was going too far. He was supposed to be the strong Omega that all the others could depend on, the one who refused to be swayed by his oppressors and their disgusting views on what his kind were and weren't capable of. How would it look to Greg and the others if he gave up now and played house with some dominant Alpha who would no doubt spend the rest of his life putting John in his "place?" He'd be seen as a failure. He'd feel like a failure. He'd
John blew a breath out from between his parched lips, clutching his stomach as he hunched over, trying to control his breathing.
"You're an
Movement was made by one of the challengers, and the other tried to hide their smile as an event that he foresaw took place before his very eyes, securing the fate of his insufferable opponent. A couple more were made before the smug one dared to speak, taking a piece off a board placed on a table in front of him and moving it to the desired location.
"Call me Burgess, please."
John cursed under his breath and went into the adjoining bathroom, splashing cold water on his face while he contemplated committing suicide. Sure, he wasn't
Greg stared forlornly at his "date." "You don't plan on giving me any information, do you?"
Ichabod blew out a breath. "This can't be happening. I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this!"
"Wouldn't dream of it," Mycroft replied dryly.
Ingrid Holmes, sister of Barnabas, scowled. "He most certainly was not."
"Good."
John . . . excited to see Sherlock. Wasn't that just bloody brilliant.
Something about the way Sherlock uttered those words scared John, like he was about to wed a boy who'd know every thought he'd ever have until the day he died. It was too intimate for his liking, but at this particular moment, he couldn't bring himself to care. Luckily, some of his fire came back long enough for him to speak his mind.
John's eyes snapped open at the familiar baritone voice. His sight immediately found the black shoes standing on the floor and traveled up, past the black trousers and purple shirt until those damn blue eyes pierced a hole right through him the way they'd done the first time he'd ever been cursed with their presence. A chill slid down his spine, slipped into his knickers and implanted itself in his groin.
Greg caught his eye.
He stared at John for a long time, neck twitching with derangement. The Omega held his ground, hiding his fear by hardening his face, body posture going on the defensive. Alpha or no Alpha, one thing was for sure: he wasn't gonna go down without a fight.
The atmosphere in the room suddenly shifted. Moriarty's smirk was gone, and John's Omega senses detected that danger was near. He could tell right away that his observation of the boy was a huge mistake. Complimenting an Omega was a tricky thing when done in the presence of their Alpha. John would never have done it had he known the man would react in such a way. So much for Omega intelligence.
"He's going to be fine," Sherlock said, addressing Mycroft. "Nothing more than a panic attack. By the looks of it, he's been having them for a while."
It is now with a heavy heart that I must leave you. I know, I know. Parting is such sweet sorrow, but it must be done. I have classes to attend and work to suffer through. But don't be shy and stumble through the dark like a virgin on prom night. Respond! Who knows. If you're lucky, mama might even give you a kiss.
John got up off his ass and turned the knob without even thinking, shoving his panic so far deep down inside of himself, he would have been surprised if it popped up again before next Tuesday. "Yes?"
John looked bewildered, but took the offered hand just the same, reveling in how soft the Alpha's skin was. "Uh, J-John W-Watson."
in wonderment did nothing but suffocate John. Even now, he could feel the dark energy from the place sucking the life out of him, and he couldn't help but think that, should he move into the Holmes,' he'd be in the same position, only that destination would surely kill him for good.
got your attention, I see," Ichabod sneered. "I'm glad this situation is no longer amusing to you. I'm done ignoring your childish behavior, mate. From now on, I'm not only going to address it, but stop it from continuing as well. It's not right for an Omega to go through life without an Alpha, and I refuse to tip toe through shards of broken glass in my house. You're going to marry that boy, move in with him, the families will be at peace, and I can finally get you off my goddamn back! No more of this coddling you bullshit. I'm done!"
"What do you want with Greg, Mycroft?"
"Yes. You remain by my side, aiding me in my endeavors, and in return, I'll provide you with the freedom you so desperately seek."
"So," John began, forcing very dangerous thoughts of Sherlock's knot on the back burner,"tell me about this Moriarty. He a good lad?"
It was then that both brothers acknowledged John for more than a brief flickering moment. He could feel a weird sensation spread through his belly and up his spine, attacking his head with a tingling reminiscent of the heats he'd grown used to spending alone. It took him some time to realize that what he was feeling was on account of the strong scent permeating his nostrils, assaulting him with the possessiveness Sherlock no doubt experienced the moment John denounced him as his Alpha. The idea that Sherlock could feel any of that toward John was enough to make him back away in an odd combination of fear and hatred, hating himself for responding to the man's exquisite aroma.
It seemed there were many mysterious surrounding the lives of the Watsons and the Holmes', and one way or another, John was going to find them out, and when he did, he would make sure to burn the entire foundation of their families to the ground.
John's smile faltered. "What?"
Stillness tightened its hold on the Watson home, one word echoing off the walls like voices in a cave.
John's lip almost trembled at that. Seeing his best friend seeming so innocent, so unguarded in his arms and knowing that the Detective was allowing himself to feel like that in his presence and his presence only caused John to all but come to pieces.
That was not what he'd expected. "Sorry?"
, a voice in the depths of his mind said.
On the fourth he let out a cry of despair.
Being rejected by him.
"I know, I know I shouldn't have waited til' now to say it but I'm...that was stupid I'm sorry, but I'm telling you now. I love you. Don't get on that plane."
Or maybe, John thought, he always remembered and this last five minutes had taken it from his memory. Was the very idea of Sherlock leaving for good diminishing every last thought that didn't include the Detective?
"Oh?" John was curious now.
"Oh, don't worry John. I only told her what she needed to hear. She can do with my words what she will." He plonked himself down on the couch, relaxing as Amelie snuggled closer to him. He stroked his fingers through her hair whilst grabbing a firm hold of his husband's hand. "Don't worry - I'm sure you're still in all their good books," he smirked.
Flames ignited inside both of their bodies, engulfing them in a blinding glow. Their hands clung to each other as if to try and prevent themselves from drowning, even though both knew they just might if they didn't come up for air soon. Neither cared. Both men were crying again and neither cared about that either. They instead chose to taste each other's tears. Neither Doctor nor Detective ever wanted to be further apart than the small space currently between them ever again.
John had ended the call after that, not waiting for the rest. Half of him didn't believe Mycroft's words. Didn't want to believe. But as he stood there clenching his mobile in one hand and own fist in another, something sickening was oh-so-slowly beginning to creep its way through his veins - scaring the other half of him into an overwhelming sense of dread.
"The game is never over, John," Sherlock replied sharply. "...but there may be some new players now. That's okay. The East Wind takes us all in the end."
John moved from his position on the couch and onto the cold, dirty earth in front of Sherlock - who was still fiddling with his dark blue scarf. He grabbed hold of Sherlock's cold hands with his own and entwined their fingers. "Were you able to figure out why I was always walking quickly due to excitement on Wednesdays and Fridays?"
A few hours passed - which could've been mere seconds but John neither knew nor cared. In which time Sherlock had taken off his glove and stretched out his hand for his best friend to take.
"Sure, only because they switched our timetables so we're with the Ravenclaws," Greg sniggered knowingly as they made their way into the Entrance Hall.
"Magnussen?" she sounded shocked but John couldn't
Destroy John.
It was right, though. Even in his drug-fuelled mind he just couldn't leave it like this. He was still sweating and shaking and even though the tears had stopped with his eyes most likely red, he felt like he was about to vomit. Forcing it back, he shot back up in his seat, startling the hostess. He paid her no mind and fumbled in his coat pocket for his mobile. The erratic twitching of his fingers added with his hands sweating caused him to lose his grip twice. A frustrated growl escaped his lips. Then, in his nervousness, he proceeded to drop the mobile onto the floor. He almost cried.
"John?" It had been only a few seconds after the beep. "It's me. I'm back on the plane and...and I just feel awful." The plane had been in the air for just under five minutes now. He didn't allow himself to think as he carried on talking. "This isn't how I wanted things to end with us. It's just that I wasn't expecting you to shout me back, and then all of a sudden you're there saying all of these things. And...and now I'm just sitting here and thinking of all of the things that I should have said and I didn't." Yet another deep breath. He ran his fingers through his curls. Then clenched his eyes shut. There were tears there again and right now they needed to not be.
Before John could reply, his blue eyes rested upon a tall figure leaning against one of the pillars with an open Arthimancy textbook in one hand and a basket in the other - those eyes which John had many times stared into longingly were skimming rapidly along the page, making sure that no words were missed. John was vaguely aware that Greg was still speaking, but he didn't process a single word. He gave him a quick "See you later," and immediately made his way over to his boyfriend.
-------------
Despite being able to breathe for a split second, the sudden convergence of tears soon put a stop to that. "Don't go."
"You are going to get us expelled one of these days Sherlock."
"Yes. What makes you think otherwise?"
She ignored him and pressed on. "Miss Watson-Holmes also decided to pull a chair from where a classmate was sitting, causing him to fall and bang his backside, along with pulling all of the finger paintings from the wall because she believed that the way they had been put up looked as if "a 2-year-old had done the job". And that was just today alone! Yesterday she was reported to have told one of her classmates that the girl's mother had stolen the ring your daughter had seen her wearing at home time and that another boy's grandmother was terminally ill."
"Okay. You and me. This is it?" That childlike voice was back, almost asking for John's confirmation. The Doctor was surprised he still needed it.
Another try and another fail. Instead it's: "The game is over."
"A story my brother told me when we were kids. The East Wind - this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path. It seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the Earth. That was usually me. He was a rubbish big brother." He added that last part as an attempt of light humour, John guessed when he felt his facial expression slip into that of sorrow.
"That's the whole of it - if you're looking for baby names."
He couldn't picture them become serious enough to move in together. He pictured him and Sherlock playing Cluedo in 221b instead.
------------------------
her. Saw her speaking but didn't hear.
"Excuse me, Mr. Holmes, please sit down." It was the hostess. Sherlock could see her in all her colours now. Her uniform had actually been grey after all.
"I- I have to get on the plane." John's heart nearly started to drown as he felt his best friend try to tug his hands away.
"What? John?" he was looking down at him with a mixture of probable concern for John's health and, was that...terror?
He needed to act. And act now. So, he took hopefully the last deep breath that he would need to take for a lifetime and closed his eyes. If being high aided in his thoughts and feelings then hopefully they would be good for him after all. He highly doubted it.
"Well you can't punish a child for being brutally honest. And what is that famous quote?" he asked, pretending to wrack his brains. "Oh yes, 'for every good reason there is to lie, there is a better one to tell the truth' - the boy's grandmother is terminally ill and has been for almost a year. Him knowing saves him a whole lot of heartache. Now he can say goodbye."
"So," John began, his throat feeling like shattered glass. "Here we are."
They said their goodbyes and Sherlock stood up, buttoning his suit jacket and walking over to the mirror to check his hair. "I'll have to wrap this up Gary, I have to pick our daughter up from school."
"They don't, but she's in trouble. She's being excluded apparently. Her Head of Year wants at least one of us to go down there." He sounded tired. Sherlock also detected worry in his words.
"Just here then?" John asked hopefully, pointing to a nice spot still well in the clearing. He'd never been a fan of the forest.
"Ah, here we are," Sherlock stopped, pointing his wand to a large space surrounded by a circle of trees.
A look of surprised expectation crossed Mycroft's face. He looked between the two of them, and then back to John. Another knowing stare.
And even after all of that Sherlock had still found it in himself to have the emotional capability to kill another human being for her.
He sat back on the edge of his seat in defeat. But then in a second he decided to seize the opportunity he'd been given, for he'd been given the amazing ability to say
The final straw came in the form of a hand that immediately seemed to go ice cold as soon as the Detective stopped holding it.
"Oh, I don't think it's that bad. The lessons are still just as entertaining." If not even more, John wanted to add.
John gritted his teeth and ignited an inferno inside his own bones. Without looking back at his wife or looking forward to Mycroft, he bit every damn bullet that had ever been fired at his body and launched himself forward towards Sherlock's retreating form. Without even falling or barely taking a step, it already felt as if all of the breath had been knocked from him. It only got worse as he said his name.
One ring.
?" he couldn't actually fathom how someone as perfectly unique and smart could ever love anybody as average as himself. He was genuinely curious and in awe of the fact.
John's eyes widened. "Oh, god what did you do? You didn't go too far did you?"
John couldn't find it in himself to go back home with his wife. After he'd slowly slumped back to where she was standing, snivelling and with tears staining his face, he knew he couldn't even attempt it. And not even for her sake. It was for his.
John let out a huff which he tried to disguise as disgruntled but Sherlock heard the small laugh under his breath. He leant towards John and kissed the side of his head. The man smiled and leant into it. Sherlock felt him relax underneath his lips and knew that John wouldn't be annoyed with him for long. Especially not with Amelie laughing the way she currently was at her parents' affection.
Shock.
if she believes that that is what a person is. I assure you, Ms. Abercombe - her skills of deduction are very sharp."
"Oh, some undercover work in Eastern Europe."
"That is none of your concern. And even if it was, she had no right to tell the boy that his grandmother was "going to die soon."
"No you don't." His face was soaking now.
As the bell rang to signal the end of Charms class, John stood from his seat, slinging his bag over his shoulder.
John sighed. Mycroft was right. Now was the time. He would have to enquire how the man even knew and how long for another time.
John didn't believe that anybody alive could have opened that voicemail as hastily as he did. He couldn't explain the emotions he felt as the automated voice told him who the voicemail was from and the time it was recorded. The amount was infinitive.
Never let it be said that Sherlock Holmes had not been forced to make hard decisions. Even though he gave off the aura of being the type of person who always thought of anything and everything before acting, his list of regrets were actually in the thousands. He could think of a few notable examples. Unknowingly insulting Molly. Not reaching Mrs. Hudson before the American agents assaulted her. Putting his parents through all forms of hell with his drug habits. Those were minor regrets - but still make the list all the same. He would always chuckle at the thought of Mycroft's list. Their relationship had never been the emotional sort, and his brother had never expressed any interest in vocalising actions he felt remorseful for - but Sherlock guessed that it was a lot bigger than a mere 'file'. But with all of these minor regrets, the major ones where what kept him awake at night. Not being able to say goodbye to his old dog Redbeard. Having to leave John for two years after faking his suicide. Not telling John
For now it was only the two of them and they would both cling to that 'for now' moment for as long as humanly possible. For now, nothing and no one else mattered.
"I do love you." Sherlock was finally able to whisper when they broke apart either days or seconds later.
"I'd go down there myself if I wasn't stuck here, but you know I'm here until 2.30."
Sherlock smiled again. "Good, because this is where I want to be, okay? I don't want to mess this up." The Detective could never remember being so sincere. This is what he wanted - what he'd always wanted. And he finally had it. He had never been one for any type of relationship. But he'd told himself that before he'd become best friends with John too. It seemed he couldn't keep past promises around the Doctor and that didn't phase him in the slightest. Maybe he was destined to have every type with him.
"Sherlock!" It was like it took the man centuries to turn around so he yelled again. And again. As if his life depended on it. Because it did.
Almost immediately, he felt his breath hitch. There was a notification for a voicemail from twenty-five minutes prior. From Sherlock.
John laughed for the absurdity of the remark. Then he almost started to cry from the significance of Sherlock giving him his full name. This was it. Their last conversation. He knew it. Sherlock knew it. And yet Sherlock was talking about his baby. Putting John's family first, again. How had he chosen this moment to realise how truly selfless his best friend was.
stare. He deduced. Looking at Sherlock right at that moment, John surprised himself at how much he could now read about the boy sitting beside him. John could remember when their friendship started during 4th year and Sherlock was so closed off and untrusting. But now, he was as open now as one of his Arithmancy books, wearing his heart on his sleeve for him and all of the forest to see. The fiddling suggested nervousness and the aversion of the eyes indicated embarrassment and fear.
The man was radiant. Utterly perfect. And John was happy that he could finally admit that to himself as well as say it aloud for all to hear. And do that he damn well would.
A carcass. With a face.
"I have to see you! I have to get off the plane!" the crushing sense of joy that had hit John like a bus suddenly started ebbing away again.
Amelie let out a noise of frustration. "I already told Mr Andrews that I was lifting the chair up because a piece of my work was trapped underneath. It's not my fault Jack was too stupid to stop himself from falling over!"
"As this is likely to be the last conversation I'll have with John Watson, would you mind if we took a moment?"
The woman's lips had become very thin as her brows knitted together. "Well I believe I have found the source of her attitude."
"Here, I got your favourite. Jam sandwiches."
problem that you cannot keep up with her advanced knowledge or brutal honesty. I'd tell you that choosing to exclude her for five days and not allowing her to school is preventing her from developing her knowledge, but I can tell you that she'd learn more from me in a single hour than she would here in six years," he sneered at the woman, continuing. He leant forwards and placed his hands on her desk. "You'd better hope that it's John that comes in next time Ms Abercombe, because I promise you I will be a lot less tolerant of you and your team of incapable fools if I'm required to come in again." With that, he removed his hands from the desk and turned on his heel, grabbing his young daughter's hand and thrusting the door open - letting it bang against the corner of her bookshelf.
He'd seen it take off as Mary had driven them away. Then John heard an air hostess tell Sherlock he couldn't leave.
Mrs. Hudson gently tried to press him for information whilst consoling him, but he could barely hear her over the sound of his own heart-wrenching sobs. Eventually she left, only returning to bring a cup of tea and a few biscuits. He couldn't touch either.
"Sherlock's leaving. On a permanent basis. I advise that you come and say your goodbyes. We need-"
"Don't be silly, McGonagall likes me far too much for that. And Pomfrey adores it when you help out in the hospital wing. She would never allow it." John stumbled slightly down the hill but Sherlock grabbed hold of his hand and steadied him, not letting go for the rest of the way. John squeezed Sherlock's fingers tightly as they walked past Hagrid's hut and into the dark, tree-filled abyss.
"Ah, Mr Holmes, do sit down," Ms Abercombe's stern voice caused him to lift his head sharply and frown at her. She was a bitter 59-year-old who'd recently just gotten divorced - this would be her 5th one. Her greying hair was pulled into a low bun and going by the fact that her face was almost as tight as her hair, Sherlock deduced that she'd had Botox since he'd last seen her. Not much of an improvement, in his opinion. He pried Amelie's arms from around his knees and gestured for her to sit back down in the chair next to him in front of the battle-axe's desk. "It seems that your daughter's attitude has worsened over the past few weeks. She apparently called her form teacher an "unknowledgeable fool" and me a "bitter old windbag". Sherlock snorted with laughter, causing Ms Abercombe's eyes to widen in shock. "Is something funny Mr Holmes?"
He heard Sherlock's voice ringing through the mic. Heard the man say his name in a way that mimicked that of a scared child who'd been scolded for doing something wrong. Heard him say how awful he felt.
. Without interruption. So, before the beep could sound, he made sure to focus. Then took the deepest possible breath. He opened his mouth to start talking, and...nothing.
"Mr. Holmes I can't let you off the plane, you're going to have to take a seat."
He clutched at his chest and keeled over, curling himself into as much of a ball as he could in the seat he was in. His eyes started to glisten again and he could see the all-grey hostess unbuckling her belt and approaching with a fearful expression. His face must have become murderous, though, for he batted her away and she actually retreated rather quickly. With his knees tucked under his chin, he closed his eyes and let out a long and shaky breath. He told himself to calm down to avoid a panic attack. He'd been prone to them when he was younger and didn't want to revert back to his old ways. Especially now. He instead began to think about what he should do. Then he barked out a laugh without any humour. What could he do? He had taken his brother's offer to die in sixth months. He couldn't back out of it now. He could already hear the plane making its preparations to move.
They'd obviously argued in the car. He'd felt lost and too exhausted to talk about his confession, no matter how much she'd pressed him. He'd thought she was even going to crash the car at one point from how much venom she was spitting. The Doctor had told her to stop the car. He'd got out and started walking and she hadn't tried to coax him back in, driving off into the busy 5pm roads of London. He'd proceeded to walk to Baker Street instead of going home, as he'd realised he wasn't too far.
Tears definitely started to prickle in the corners of his eyes at that and he could taste blood from all that cheek biting. But if John had thought the final straw would come in him holding Sherlock's hand for the first and last time, or the clinging for dear life he got from Sherlock, or even the glint in the Detective's ocean blue eyes as he gave a salute to their "best of times" - he would have been very wrong.
When John woke the next morning he finally felt fully rested and ready to face whatever they needed to do. Sherlock however, was buried rather awkwardly against his back, face between his shoulder blades and legs tangled together. “Sherlock,” John whispered, shaking the dragon's arm that was wrapped around his waist gently. The dragon snorted, head raising quickly and looking around for trouble. John laughed at the dragon's mussed curls and confused expression, sitting up and smoothing his own hair down. Sherlock looked perturbed at his laughter, expression cross and without much warning put a hand over his face and shoved him down. John yelped then felt the dragon settle over him, chest warm. He lifted his hand enough to uncover John's mouth and pressed a heated kiss to the doctor's lips until John was breathless and panting. He leaned down, pressing his lips to John's ear and let out a stream of hot air.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and suddenly they were shooting into the air, gaining altitude with Lestrade and Bowen right behind them. John gripped the handle tightly, but let out a whoop of delight as Sherlock climbed higher and higher, the distance between Lestrade and Bowen growing. Wings snapped open suddenly, scooping air then they were diving, flying past a startled Lestrade. Sherlock spun as they dived, making John dizzy and his heart race. They leveled out a hundred feet over the marching group below, drawing quite a few hoots and claps. A moment later Lestrade leveled out next to them, breathing heavily, he'd obviously worked hard to catch up to them. Sherlock let out a grunting chuckle and John patted his neck affectionately.
“Speed?” John asked, moving closer to the bars to get a better look.
I was trying to figure out how to give my leg some extra support,” he explained, scratching the side of his head. His hair was getting shaggy, wisps of dirty blonde curling around his ears. Sherlock let out a sigh and slid back in to his human form, grabbing a jumpsuit from nearby and pulling it on up to his waist, tying the sleeves around his hips.
“We're going for a ride,” Sherlock explained, dumping his things on the floor. “If I don't get out of here for a little while I'm going to burst.” John didn't even argue as Sherlock changed, picking up the harnesses and fitting them into place and tightening buckles. They exited the tent through the back, avoiding the security guards patrolling the main area and Sherlock kneeled to let John clamber unsteadily onto his back. He only had one arm to hang on with so he tightened his knees around Sherlock's sides nervously. The dragon chortled then burst into the air, gaining as much height as he could as quickly as he could. They cleared the clouds overhead and Sherlock leveled out, moving into a gentle rhythmic pace. John sighed as the cool breeze brushed his face, patting the side of Sherlock's neck.
“John! John!” Sherlock was screeching, smacking his face lightly. John groaned, head shifting from where it was pressed against bare skin. “What were you doing?” he demanded, voice still too high pitched and loud.
“John Watson,” a voice called suddenly. “And dragon: Sherlock.” Someone snickered and Sherlock spun, fixing a piercing glare on the snivelling dragon that had dared laugh at him.
I won't be able to post again for a few days because of work so here's a little more because I was on a role today. Also SMUTTY SMUT SMUT. But I'm also a dick about it, so you get what you get lol
“Sherlock,” John scolded softly, fingers grazing the marks at his shoulder. The dragon snorted, pushing past him and crouching so John could climb on. He grumbled to himself but gathered the pack he'd been working on, moving the egg to the new pack on the very top and packed clothes around it gently. Sherlock watched him curiously, gaze soft, and let John take his time climbing and settling himself on to the dragon's back. The soldier patted his neck when he was ready and Sherlock leapt in to the nearest tree to climb up and out. John clung to the dragon's neck as they climbed, keeping himself flat until they reached the top of the canopy where Sherlock paused a moment, branch swaying beneath his weight. They looked toward the compound, black smoke filling the air, almost every building burning hot and bright. Sherlock chuffed softly, then raised his wings, giving John a chance to wrap around his neck again.
“You got quite the reception yesterday Watson,” Bowen smiled up at him. “You and Sherlock fly remarkably well together.” John smiled thinking of his dragon and worrying slightly about where he'd gotten off to.
“Please Sherlock,” John pleaded. “Just do what he's asking...nicely.” Sherlock grumbled, wondering again what made him want to please this army officer. A dark cloud gathered around him, seeming to flash lightning from within and then a cat-like shriek tore through the room and Sherlock burst out of the cloud, lightning crackling over his scales. He stood tall and proud, wings unfurled and glared at the grey dragon.
Bowen was waiting at the gate, already mounted, Lestrade shifting uneasily beneath him. He had a smear of dark camouflage across his face, expression grim. “Watson,” he greeted simply, turning and walking out the gate. Sherlock glanced back at him uneasily, chirruping softly.
John and Sherlock were packed up and headed toward the gate before the sun had even risen fully, steps not making a sound. Once they were near the front gate Sherlock kneeled, allowing John to climb into the saddle easily. Seconds later they were in the air, Sherlock gaining height so they could use the cloud cover to hide in. The air was still crisp and cool this early in the morning, but the rising sun promised warmth as John pulled his jacket more tightly around him. Sherlock had looked at the map they'd been given that morning and claimed he had it memorized so John sat back and relaxed, letting the dragon take them where they needed to go.
“I'll be fine,” he murmured, patting the dragon's thigh gently. “You got us here so fast there should be hardly any chance of infection.” Sherlock smiled in relief, nuzzling his face against John's a moment and catching the eye of Molly who was watching them with a small smile on her face. She quickly looked away, moving to hold a bandage for Mike as he started wrapping. Sherlock put some distance back between his soldier and himself just as the tent flap was opened with a flourish. Bowen stepped in, looking concerned and quickly waved them off as both soldiers struggled to get up.
“Well Watson I'd be happy to have you out more often on missions if you'd be interested,” Bowen offered.
Sherlock landed in the small clearing, John barely sliding from his back before he was shifting and storming towards the hidden packs. He started digging through everything and tossing things aside in to a pile then started going through Bowen's packs as well.
“Wait what?” John sputtered, but the dragon was already shifting and crouching expectantly. John climbed up slowly, settling in front of the dragon's wings and tightening his knees the best he could. Sherlock didn't give him much adjustment time and took off, trying to keep his gait easy. John grabbed on to a couple of his back spines to hang on, knees squeezing for dear life as they made their way to the large doors. John slid down from the dragon's back and pulled the door open a crack, peering inside. He couldn't see anyone so he pulled it open the rest of the way for the dragon to enter, walking next to him to the room Bowen had indicated. The walls were glass and John could see a pedestal in the room, fog obscuring the item inside. They ducked behind a desk as a couple scientists walked in to the room, talking quickly to each other.
The next few hours went by in a blur as John hurried around to his fallen comrades, fixing, bandaging, healing. Sherlock stayed firmly beside him, eyes still wary, but helping him lifting and moving patients. When the sun was starting to go down they were finally instructed to head back to camp. John was wobbly on his feet and leaned heavily against Sherlock as they made their way back. There were several packs strapped to the dragon's back and he was not entirely happy about being used as a pack horse, but he walked slowly beside John to help him along. As they entered the gates there was sudden cheering and a rush of soldiers came towards them, dragging John into the fray and smacking him on the back.
When John reported to the medical tent the next day Sherlock still hadn't shown up and he was growing slightly worried. General Bowen was waiting for him and John saluted before joining him. He sat on the cot across, smiling softly as he picked up a roll of bandage and started rerolling it.
Sherlock landed a good ways away from the camp, not wanting a repeat of their previous fight, but didn't stop as he hit the ground. He galloped along the sandy desert, wings tucking against his sides, and made a series of whistles happily. John clung to the saddle wildly for a moment but quickly adjusted the rhythm of his own body to match the swaying movements of the dragon and grinned at the look of joy on Sherlock's face. The gates were opened for them as they neared and Sherlock didn't slow, blowing by the guardsmen and leaving them cursing in his dust. He chortled in amusement and angled towards the medical tent, sliding to a stop in front of a baffled Mike Stamford.
“He's going to take the egg...keep her safe,” he said softly, blue eyes still distant.
“Should we be leaving?” John asked suddenly, followed by a watery sneeze. Sherlock nuzzled against his hair, tightening his wings around them and nodded slightly.
“We'll take the egg, go off the grid. Maybe I'll be able to find Mycroft and have him take her, keep her safe.” His eyes were glazing over, lost in thoughts and plans.
“Sir if I may,” John started, making Bowen pause. “I have a dragon question.” Bowen gestured for Lestrade to wait and turned back into the tent. “You see...” John started, struggling how to word his question. “Sherlock is very...tactile.” He cringed at his own words but he'd already gone this far. “Is your dragon the same?” Bowen smiled warmly and chuckled.
They landed in a dense forest, the dragons dropping in to the upper most branches then slinking down the dense canopy until they could hop to the forest floor. Sherlock immediately changed and to John's surprise so did Lestrade, the dragon changing in to a middle aged man with silver-grey hair and a friendly yet firm expression. He smiled warmly at John and gave Sherlock a look of exasperation as he pulled on a pair of shorts and started digging through a pack. Bowen accepted the map Lestrade handed him and rolled it out on to a nearby rock, gesturing for John and Sherlock. They all gathered around the map of the facility, Bowen pointing out their route, where they'd find the package they were picking up, and the way they should get out so as to not be seen. He vaguely pointed out where he and Lestrade would be providing the distraction, warning them to stay far away from that area.
