Meanwhile, Jack, oblivious to the various feelings the others in the room were feeling, decided to ask the crucial questions.
"I don't think that's the most effective analogy... but, if you're having trouble try sound boarding things out loud, it can help with the phrasing and make your thoughts make more sense; magic is all about making the connection and then establishing communication, it's not enough to just think of it, you need to maintain it."
They all settled back on the couch, this time with everyone sitting, so Marion and DJ felt it was less like an interrogation or that they were in trouble somehow with people they knew but didn't know.
She stops at the most visited shelf in the entire library, the Winchester's. She had felt a ripple, something had been tampered with, something was messing with the natural order of things, and when that happens, there is generally only one guess as to who was responsible. They may be the messengers of God's destruction. Still, the books write themselves, and they can rewrite themselves over and over again, changing the final outcome until the natural order has been restored.
Dean climbs down from the tree he was in and walks toward where Marion was now located, as did everyone else. As Marion put her outer clothes back on, there was a weird atmosphere in the air. All in all, the end of the hunt was satisfactory but compared to everything else that happened over the last couple of days also feels anti-climatic.
Jack coughs with tears in his eyes, not looking up, "I'm so sorry," Jack whispers, refusing to meet their eyes.
He takes a couple steps forward towards them, apprehension on both DJ and Marion's faces but a look of understanding on Jack's. He pulls the two kids into a hug, slightly awkward due to the height differences and the fact both kids tense up at the contact. Physical comfort wasn't something Winchester's generally did outside times of dying or relief their not dead but meeting your niece and nephew should qualify. It took a few moments, but the kids did eventually hug back, with surprising strength as if they were trying to ground themselves.
She's not exactly sure what Amara was alluding to earlier but mark her words, she will find out. Billie contemplates whether she should simply reveal herself now and demand answers, but she recognizes that it is doubtful to get her anywhere.
Dean forces himself into a sitting position resulting in the blanket covering him falls to the ground; Cas must have covered him after falling asleep. He scrubs his hands across his face, rubbing the remainder of sleep from his eyes before getting up to stretch. The couch might have been a lot more comfortable than their standard motel experience, but it still was a long shot from the memory foam he has waiting for him back at the bunker.
"She definitely looked scared of you!" Sam yelled at the tried to catch up with the suspects, almost knocking over an unsuspected elf in the process
Sam slowly gets up, just watching the three kids and suddenly getting the image of a possible future without Chuck, where the world isn't always fighting to remain alive. A life with Dean, Cas, Eliene, Jack, Claire, Jody, Alex, and the two new kids in front of him. It's so domestic that it hurts, there is also still envy, a little green-eyed monster in the back of his head being angry that Dean's the one given this gift, even with the horrible reasons behind it.
"Ok, that's enough; I'm totally done with this conversation. Let's get back to the lodge where I can hopefully forget that this little road trip ever took place." Dean starts the ignition and peels out of the parking lot. Hopefully, DJ was too preoccupied to think anything of it.
"Me? No, we've interacted, but their DJ's friend and responsibility they get DJ the ingredients, objects or information we need if we can't get it ourselves."
It was odd because when I finally made it to the war room, there is the corner was a Christmas tree, bare of any ornaments, which was strange. After all, it's not Christmas, but suddenly there is this figure human but also felt off somehow standing in the entranceway, their face was obscure. Still, I could make out vibrant red hair, I thought it was Rowena or Charlie for a moment, but the silhouette wasn't right.
Jack's eyes suddenly glow yellow, and Marion and DJ don't have any time to prevent their reaction, their eyes glowing an unnatural green for a moment before returning to their normal eye colour.
"Seriously, my brother and I are still connected in some capacity, and while I've blocked him successfully, for now, I have no way of knowing how long that will last. The memory thing was a safeguard; all I have is a note saying that I've put a plan into action and that I should prevent anyone from revealing what I did."
He turns his attention to the kids who are now looking at it funny, probably because he just started laughing with no explanation.
Dean then walks the bunker's halls until he sees Sam leaning against the wall with one of his feet up, starring at one of the doors.
Dean is only half paying attention to what she's saying; his eyes flick between the blond and the redhead, trying to wrack his brain on why they are so familiar but appear to be total strangers. The girl seems oddly hostile towards him, but the boy keeps looking at him questioningly like Dean is some figure that needs to be figured out.
"Is a spell to get you to 1997, the fertility clinic you need to go to is written in the main journal that is in your suitcase. Now, how about we get this show on the road? I'm worried that you've been here too long already, and I don't need anyone getting suspicious and breaking in."
Watching the kids hug Dean and Cas brought another thought to Sam's head; they were raised in foster care and by an Angel with a mission from Amara; the kids most likely had a less stable upbringing even compared to him, and Dean, and probably had even fewer support systems. What Sam realizes if that what these kids needed was a family, and now they have a chance to have it, and maybe this was what he and Dean needed to maintain their motivation and determination to win the fight against Chuck. A reminder for what's worth fighting for.
Sam is still staring at the kids with a warry expression, not really knowing what to make of them, but if he's honest, he also feels a pang of jealousy.
While everyone else was still eating, DJ started to fill in the pieces from what wasn't presented last night regarding the actual case.
"Guardian? You mean like an actual Guardian Angel, because in our experience, Angels are dicks." Sam using his brother's common insult against the Angels.
Dean was agitated; he didn't like this plan, never liking plans when it's other people that are used as bait. As a rule, he prefers it to be himself on the line, but now he has his daughter in the crosshairs. He wonders if it will ever feel normal to acknowledge the fact he has a daughter.
"No, not really, well, I might have had to promise Ruby that I would try to get her released from the empty so she would tell me what she knew-"
"I can fit a couple of the pieces together on my own, but I'm still blocked when trying to figure out the rest, although I imagine by the end of the week I'll have more concrete answers... I feel like now would be a good time to remind you that you cannot cheat death, and there are consequences for actions."
Dean studies the screen for a moment, "are you sure this is our kind of thing? I mean, I see a lot of bodies of water around that area; I imagine drownings are quite common around there."
After the candy store, they went into Christmas Sweater Depot because Jack wanted to pick up something for Sam and Dean, which resulted in Jack picking out options that are sure to cause the brothers the laugh but also glare at Cas for allowing them to be bought. For Sam, a red and green sweater with the words 'Merry X-Moose' and a cartoon moose with Christmas lights hanging around its antlers underneath. For Dean, a black sweater with the words 'Nuts about Christmas' with a cartoon squirrel dressed as a nutcracker underneath.
There was something about the kid; however that put Dean's teeth on edge, there was something hauntingly familiar about him, but Dean is sure he'd never seen the kid before in his life.
Ignoring his brother in favour of dealing with his daughter, "You made me have that Dream last night?" There was a tense clip to Dean's tone.
"Talk like we're not going to make out of this alive. You sound like you did when God showed me what could happen," Sam rebuked.
"The rusalka is a female entity, often malicious towards mankind and frequently associated with water as they tend to be depicted as similarity to mermaids. Before the 19th century, they were seen as harmless creatures that helped to provide strong crops by moistening the soil."
It was Cas calling to tell them that there was, another attack last night, but the reason we didn't hear about it until mid-morning was that the victim had survived, meaning crime scene investigators compromised the location Dean and the boys were heading to.
She looks over the shelves looking for something to be amiss, a perturbed look on her face. If she felt this much of a disturbance, then it must be something that could change anything, which is why she is taken aback at what she finds at the end of the shelf. Two new books added to the end of the shelf, their colour being two-toned, which is concerning because one of the colours match every other book from the Winchester's world while the other one is a few shades different.
"I know, and there aren't any ties to Christmas in any way, so I don't think it's the creature that is drowning the people here."
"If you're worried about it, why haven't you tried to. stop it?" Sam asks, trying to keep to judgemental tone out of his voice, reminding himself that he doesn't have the full picture here.
"Let me make it divinely simple for you; my role as an angel is to protect heaven. Our mission is to protect what God created, a mission that we did seem to lose a time ago, but one that I'm not willing to stray from again, you may be his balance to the universe Amara, but I don't answer to you, even if you got me out of jail." Naomi stood firm, her eyes locked on to Amara's frame but was startled when Amara let out an exasperated laugh.
"You could when all this is over. Sam's gotten really good with the hacking and black hat tricks. I'm sure he could rig the system. Maybe get you enrolled in on-campus classes to get the experience. Hell, if he's already going to the trouble, maybe sign himself up as well, maybe actually get your Law degree." DJ's looking at Dean with wide eyes. That would be comical if it weren't for the genuine surprise being having something to look forward to with Chuck gone.
Ten hours into their journey and they still had six more hours of driving due to the couple of breaks they took so Jack could stretch his legs. Dean was starting to feel his body getting heavy and his mind a little foggy; it's been a while since he's needed to do such a long stretch of driving, and he ain't in his 20's anymore. It wasn't much later when Dean finally relented to Sam, telling him to let him take over driving and stopped the Impala off to the side of the road, opened the driver's door, and stepped into the warm summer night.
Dean doesn't give it much thought as he slams the door shut behind him. He just stands there outside the door for a moment, the flashing Christmas lights creating a light show across his face, and he knows that he needs to get out of here. Getting some fresh air won't work if he feels suffocated by the Christmas vomit surrounding him.
Marion carefully covers Jack's hand with her own and gives him a small smile, "we're not going anywhere, at least not yet. We were just going to go back to our room."
Jack turns his phone to face Dean and is confronted with a photo of him with his head lying on Cas' shoulder, and he did have to admit that he looked peaceful, almost happy, making him wish he could remember his other dreams. He turns his attention to Cas in the photo, which at first glance looked like he was deep in concentration while reading the book that he had propped up away from Dean as not to disturb him.
"The kid was a bit shifty about his relationship, and we immediately think monster, when in reality he was just hiding the fact he has a boyfriend." There is humour there, somewhere in that statement, but Dean's mind is still focused on the fact his son looks carefree. There was a look in his eyes, happiness that Dean doesn't think he's ever actually experienced, at least not in a real way.
"You know this is reminding me a lot of the Santa's Village we visited during a case before I got dragged to Hell, originally."
"Oddly, the nightmare I had last night was different than I am used to; usually it involves Chuck, Lucifer and everyone I love dying, really vivid yet also abstract as it mixes the angelic dimension with the human one. This one was different." Jack shrugs as he dives into his breakfast, the three adults all looking a little uneasy at this revelation.
So, there has been a minimum of 10 drowning every year around Christmas in and around this area. Still, every year they get written off as suicides or accidental because there has been no evidence that there was any foul play. Because of how many bodies of water are surrounding the area, drowning isn't unheard of during the rest of the year. Besides, the county has acknowledged that seasonal depression can hit the down hard, especially with the festivities making it seem like everyone else is happy all of the time. Plus, there tends to be a lot of alcohol involved, which leads people to do stupid things." Sam explains while showing the other's the various reports of drownings dating back years.
Billie took a quick look at what the Winchester's were up to; they seemingly weren't up to anything nefarious of earth-shattering. At least she couldn't decern anything from the couple hours she hovered between the planes, ensuring that not even Jack would notice her presence.
Sam had gone visibly more pale, but his eyes remained trained on the kids with a look filled with fear, disbelief, and deep anger.
Amara closes the suitcase and walks past Naomi for a moment to snatch a piece of paper with what looks like writing on it, Enochian, Naomi realizes belatedly.
"It was Naomi," she says plainly, eliciting a reaction from the three men currently standing before her.
Dean took a deep breath and thought deeply about what he wanted, even muttering keywords under his breath before starting to carve into the tree trunk again, only this one, when he was finished, glowed the brightest green of any of the sigils he'd done so far.
Naomi's eyes widen as Amara continues to talk, "simply my brother needs to be stopped, and while I am part of that solution, I cannot do it on my own, and we need the element of surprise which we can now utilize now that my brother is going off script so to speak. I need you because you truly care about God's creations, but you have also have redeemed yourself in the eyes of the Winchester's or rather in the eyes of Castiel, which will be good enough for the brothers. I need someone who understands that the Winchester's are important; they are destructive, yes, but my brother also has had an obsession with them, making them a crucial piece of the puzzle moving forward. Most importantly, I need a strong and capable angel that can do this on their own, who is willing to make the ultimate sacrifices to ensure this mission is completed and that the timeline won't be impacted drastically; this is not something that can be solely fixed by changing the past, it needs to be fixed at a future point. You know God lied to you; you have given everything for him, done everything asked of you, and for what? You aren't the only Naomi that has existed; I am asking you to protect the creation that my brother once held dear because frankly, there isn't anyone else that I can turn to."
The woman walks through the apartment out onto the balcony, coming to a standstill beside Amara, her posture going slightly rigid. Amara opens her eyes and looks over to the woman; her grey hair has grown out some but still wearing her regular white blouse and grey business blazer.
Don't pay too much attention to the geography as I've mashed together a bunch of places in Michigan.
The room was currently at a standstill with Jack having gone rigid as soon as Dean hugged him, confused by the action, and Sam and Cas were watching the scene unfold, continuing to be surprised by Dean's out of character actions.
"Right... ya, we should go; I don't want to be stuck having an uncomfortable conversation with my nephew or watching you have to try and do that; it's not like we have a good frame of reference anyway dad just handed us porno mags and condoms and told us not to get anyone pregnant, well I guess we at least don't have to worry about DJ doing that..." Sam trails off looking like he wants to start laughing again.
Up until this point, Dean was still just staring, his brain unwilling to connect the dots and acknowledge what is right in front of him. While Cas overall has been more concerned with watching Dean, understanding that this is another life-altering revelation and is worried about Dean's state of mind. However, his eyes flicker to the kids at the mention of Angels.
"The dancing, Christmas sing-along light show! The assistant at the candy shop said that we couldn't miss it!"
"Just a promise for later." As they break apart, she says she gives him a final smile and turns and walks away in the opposite direction.
"So basically, we were thinking of breaking into two groups myself Jack and Dean to go set up the area with the sigils since it's actually going to be an involved process carving sigils into the surround tree trunks. Meanwhile, Marion, Castiel, and Sam with focus their efforts on finding the ringleader and keeping a tail on them or coming up with a ruse to get them to pick Marion as their next potential victim."
Naomi reaches down to open the suitcase and pulls out the journal that Amara illuded to earlier. Naomi studies the journal for a moment, can sense powerful magic extruding from it. 'Smart,' Naomi acknowledges it's been coded to only open for me as it's attuned to her angelic life force. While Naomi can't be sure, she can assume that the journal will automatically destroy itself if she dies. Amara must of put a lot more effort into this plan than initially thought.
"So, we might want to get out of here before anyone sees us," Sam says as he rubs the back of his head. "I don't think we're going to be able to clean this mess up in a timely fashion effectively."
What she didn't explain to the Winchester's is that God's book also changes; she may have a plan, and so far, that plan works, but the book is not complete until the final word comes to fruition and the book locks itself shut, indicating the true end of the story. Most books aren't locked, and potentially will never be locked, because stories tend to never really end even if the books like to pretend they do because they don't end on the last page any more than they begin on the first page. Stories are interconnected, which makes the destruction of God that much trickier.
Naomi stares at the last item, "Is this really necessary?" Naomi asks with slight disdain in her voice, her stare turning into a slight glare at the box of books on the table.
Jack slowly nods his head, "Cas explained to me what happened while we were watching cartoons, he said Dean was ecstatic."
Sam and Dean continue to sit at the table silently, contemplating if they should say anything else to one another tonight, they both have a lot to discuss, but neither one wants to be the one to break the silence. The only sound in the room was the frequent refilling of their glasses when they run out of alcohol.
"Okay, slow down, we can only answer questions so quickly," Marion muttered while rolling her eyes; at that moment, Sam noticed how similar the facial expression was to Dean.
"It's just that... well, Cas and I were talking to Marion, and we don't think that DJ is meeting someone named James." Sam's tone was wary as if he was afraid to go further.
Billie narrows her eyes and just stalks forward towards Amara, anger oozing out of her as she does so.
"This is the episode that we got sucked into the one time after fighting a giant stuffed dinosaur, it sounds insane, and really it kind of was."
Dean feels a heavy presence on his shoulder, Cas's hand being a steadying force but also trying to convey comfort. The hand does not move away, and then suddenly, Cas is speaking again.
When they finished chanting Dean started shooting, as did DJ and Sam. Meanwhile, he watched as Cas and Jack jumped down to start stabbing the Nakki they were able to reach. It took them about five minutes in total to kill them all, and when the shooting stopped, the only sound was the heavy breathing of the six people still alive.
"How'd you sleep?" Sam asked as Jack sat down beside him, Dean jumping up to fix a plate of food for the kid before returning to the table.
"It feels familiar but not dangerous; it's almost too familiar like it's at the tip of my tongue, and I can't recognize it." Cas pondered with a frown, eyeing the children curiously.
"It's alright, we lose a lot of people, but she was a person that actually cared about my well being, I also came to like her, not in a romantic sense, but it was nice to have another person on my side."
"Fine, but if it starts turning into a giant therapy session, you're on your own" Sam rolls his eyes at Dean's antics and follows him out.
"It's quite similar to what Azazael did to you Sam when you were a baby," DJ's eyes were still trained on him, and Sam flinched at the mention of the demon. "Except that it was done in order to save us, see we were born in a world where we only partially belonged, as our respective biological mothers were from that world, but our Father, Dean, is from this one. This resulted in the instability and warping of our souls; Naomi had access to grace that she had brought from this world. She gave it to us to mend the damage, Marion got a bit more than me because Naomi had tried other avenues first before thinking of the Angel grace, whereas Naomi gave me a portion of the grace only days after I was born."
"I know, I know, but the drownings match the ones from December, and while it could just be a result of seasoning depression brought on by the festival, I have a feeling it's not; coincidences like that tend not to be actual coincidences.
The room was starting to feel a bit lighter, even though there were countless unanswered and unasked questions, a lot of things to say in a place full of people that don't know how to say what needs to be said.
Sam was still chuckling to himself, it was apparent he wanted to make more jokes at his brother's expense, but there can be more time for that later. Eyes turned to DJ, expecting an answer as well, and he shifted in his seat.
Dean moves forward before anyone had time to do anything and pulls Jack into a tight hug, surprising everyone in the room, including himself. The swirling emotions in Dean were things he didn't want to deal with right now, agony, grief, sorrow, and anger. But the anger wasn't with Jack; he wishes he can blame Jack because that would be a simple, and easy way to place all the blame on someone, but Dean's angry at Chuck, at God's stupid game treating his god damn life like a video game, resulting in him growing to hate his own son.
Sam wanted to bring up their doppelgangers but knows that it wouldn't be any good to do so. It was startling to see another version of himself and to act so differently. It's one thing to be shown something that has the potential to happen to you; it's another thing entirely to come face to face with a different version of you that exists at the same time but have such a different life experience.
"Wait, how long was I out for? I told you I only needed a couple of hours!" Dean demanded, only now noticing that the sun was starting to rise, filling the horizon with orange and pink shades.
Cas slight smirk forms on Cas' face, "I think that would, unfortunately, cause the citizens of the town to panic if it started to actually snow in July. But we should try to take advantage of the opportunity we've been given." Cas smiles and reached into his pocket to pull out the two passes and the brochure that Dean had passed off to him earlier.
Dean just sent a glare to his brother; just because his brother was probably right doesn't mean that he needs to give him the satisfaction of knowing that. Dean watches as a young redheaded woman takes the stage, and he starts to have an uneasy feeling in his stomach because there is something familiar about her as well but can't place it.
The brothers now sitting in a car they hotwired, in a parking lot of a super 8 that is just over an hour from the lodge's location, are getting bored. They have been sitting there now for half an hour, basically treating this as a stakeout as they got to the super 8 just in time to see DJ walking out of the main office with a key in his hand.
"Because my brother is currently as happy as he could be given the circumstances of knowing that one of us is supposed to kill the other, given that we had to leave everything we knew in the other universe and come here when we knew that the universe that we grew up in would be destroyed and everyone we knew there would be dead, given that we genuinely had a pretty shitty childhood when you think about it, but that's just par for the course around here."
Dean's brought out of his reverie by almost running into the two boys that have made an abrupt stop in front of a medium-sized body of water.
Marion turns to see who he's referring to and sees Cas try to pretend he's not looking over at them is disapproval.
Looking at the brother's, Jack whispers, "Please forgive me." Dean and Sam continue to look at him but with a more sombre look on their faces. Nobody said anything; the room was silent other than Jacks' sobs he was trying to muffle.
"One of them's meant to die, though." Dean's voice breaks; it doesn't matter that he didn't have an active role in their creation, or that he doesn't know the first thing about them, or that at least one of them seems to hate them. Somehow they've already carved their way into his heart, and the mere thought of watching one of his kids die, it's paralyzing, and like all the oxygen has been taken away from the earth.
"You've only been alive for a couple of years, and yet you've been expected to understand life as a grown adult all at once, which isn't fair, and I don't know exactly how to remedy that," Cas explains in a calm but clear voice, his brain still trying to come up with anything that could be used to help soothe and provide comfort to Jack.
That was definitely not this place, it was also a little ways away from town that they were currently trying to investigate, but Dean supposed it's better than nothing. However, he can't get past the fact it looks like Christmas threw up all over the fucking place. It was still early in the morning, but all the Christmas lights and displays were still flashing and moving around; they made the god damn motel/hotel/lodge look like a freaking Gingerbread house. The lights looking like icing and gumdrops with giant gingerbread blow-ups and candy canes, not to mention the true to size sleigh with light-up reindeer on the roof.
Naomi again tries to appear inconspicuous and pretends to read a pamphlet on in vitro fertilization, finding the practices than humans have adopted somewhat fascinating. The receptionist comes back a couple of minutes later and hands Naomi a silver cylindrical container, and without any other preamble, Naomi stalks out of the building.
Naomi 'lands' if you can call it that on a hill providing a panoramic view of a cityscape below that while busy with skyscrapers, residential areas and a business district was also rich with lakes and hills and lots of forest area as well. Naomi quickly identified that Golden Gate Bridge and the San Pablo Bay. California, Naomi realizes.
"Son of a bitch," Dean knocks his head against the tree he's working on as the sigil doesn't glow at all when he's done with it. "God damn it."
However, it was Christmas music with a twist seeing as Baby still didn't have a phone adapter. Hence, the only Christmas Music available was a mix-tape titled Rockin Around the Christmas Tree, which was filled with Christmas carol classics such as Run Rudolph Run, Mistress for Christmas, and Takin Care of Christmas for good measure. Dean even found himself enjoying the music, starting to sing along around halfway through the tape.
"This entire situation is insane; I've got two kids that revealed themselves from an alternate reality that are apparently part angel but aren't the same kind of part angel as the Nephilim that is also basically my kid that just got his soul back who is now conspiring with Death and the Empty on how to kill God." Dean takes a breath. "Not exactly sure how I'm supposed to focus on anything else at the moment."
"I used to be able to, back when I was full power, before coming to earth semi-permanently after rescuing Dean. I used to find it calming to be able to create something when all you see is destruction and fighting."
"The coroner concluded that they all died from drowning, but all four victims were found peacefully either right by the water or floating face up in the water, which doesn't happen for drowning victims."
"There are similarities between your position and what you're mother went through, you both being faced with two adult children you know nothing about, during a time of crisis and the feeling of dread of not knowing what to do."
"This is real, right? The kid's got his soul back, and he's himself again; I'm not going to wake up tomorrow and find all of this has been some sick cosmic joke?" Dean granted out in a whisper, looking a little defeated.
Both Dean and Sam were now looking between the strangers and Cas bewildered at the weird standoff they were now seeing.
Yet Jack was the one to jump at the chance to ask a question, "does this mean you're also Winchester's? Like by name, obviously, you're Dean's kids with how much the two of you look like him."
"I don't think he was lying about James... but... I think James and Jamie may be the same person." Dean was just in a state of shock because of all the things he was worried about or the possibilities he thought of on the way here; this was not one of them.
It's a tedious and time-consuming task, and Dean grows more frustrated with it as time goes on as the sigils have dimmed in their glow over the last half dozen he's completed.
It dawns on Naomi that she basically must survive as a human to preserve her strength and only use grace when absolutely necessary to protect the viability of this mission and ensure that Dean Winchester's children make it back to the right universe.
"Don't go. You're kind of like a sibling or a cousin. I don't want the two of you to disappear." Jack's still getting reacquainted with his soul resulting in his emotions being a little more extreme than they should be.
"I get really angry, and I still don't know how or why I get so angry, but I'm working on it." Dean's eyes flicked to look at Cas momentarily before continuing, "When things go bad, it comes out, and I blamed a lot on you didn't have your soul and lost control, something that I should have seen coming, and I should have been paying attention. I was in the wrong, I was wrong, and I should have been more involved and taken more care because the case and point kid you are family and family don't give up on family." Dean finishes and just looks at Jack.
"You're saying that I need time to essentially fully mature and that I should just accept the feelings that people have toward me and trust that they are telling me the truth," Jack asked.
"Are you alright?" Cas asked his face, still showing clear signs of concern as Dean straightens himself out to sit upright on the seat, moving slightly away from Cas, so they weren't pressed up against each other.
"No, I figured we could split up to cover more ground, especially with the festival in town there is going to be a lot to cover, and we should try to cover as much as possible as with the rate of the victims, it's likely that there will be another one tonight," Sam said grimly, staring at the crime scene photo's on the computer for another moment before slamming it shut. The hardest part of the job is knowing that you can't save everyone, which is even harder to deal with, knowing that God doesn't even care.
The sand on his bare feet was soothing, calming the racing thoughts in his head and decreasing his racing heart. He then shrugs off his outermost jacket and promptly laying it on the sand before sitting down with his legs stretched out, looking out at the water. It's oddly calming watching the moon's reflection ripple through the water as if it were creating a path out of its light.
They sit in silence, the only sounds being there breathing, the rustle of the trees behind them, and slight sounds of the water. It's evident that Dean's going to have to be the one to break the silence but the anger and hurt that he's tried to push down, to bury, comes roaring back to the surface. Where does he even begin? He breaths in a shaky breath, uncertain if he'll be able to speak in a normal tone.
"No, we're leaving, all four of us," Dean emphasizes before continuing his thought, "Sammy seems to think there is a Christmas monster up in Michigan. We've got no new leads on Chuck, so we might as well try and act like everything normal, nothings going to change with us hiding out in the bunker indefinitely." Dean grunted, taking another swig of his coffee.
Dean’s phone vibrated, and he pulled out his phone to take a look; Sam catches him smiling, so he turns it around to show Sam the photo that Cas sent, Jack looking at an endless display of candy in complete admiration.
"However, we need to be careful not to be caught with a banishing sigil as we won't be banished. We'll just be knocked out on the spot, it's not fun, it results in a massive hangover," he shudders as if trying to shake off an unpleasant memory, "speaking of which we also have a higher tolerance to alcohol than we should."
So he starts walking briskly, not paying much attention to the direction only that it's away from the lodge; he does momentarily consider getting in baby and just driving off to clear his head. But, he doesn't want to risk doing something foolish right now. He doesn't trust himself enough, and to be honest, the walk will do him some good; it's not exactly something that he often does, or at all. The one with nature thing has always been Sam's thing.
"Simply, I need your help, but first, I need to know where you stand and how much you are truly willing to give up."
They hadn't actually had any time to talk to each other about the two new editions to their lives, really both of them were still processing, and there is so much still left unsaid.
Not what he was expecting, the young kid pulled out a bag from the back of the car and threw it over his shoulder before turning and approaching DJ. Maybe they overreacted, and this was just another hunter. DJ's face was unmoved as the other kid approached but did pull a couple of items out of the motorcycle's side bag. A flask and a silver knife, James he supposes looks almost amused at the items but takes them willingly, taking a swig from the flask presumably laced with holy water before rolling up his sleeve and making a small cut.
If Cas could blush, he probably would be right now; as it stands, he was just looking at the floor as if it had just become the most interesting thing in the world. Dean's thought process screeched to a halt; he and Cas did not have kids together, except they kind of did; Dean's still waiting for himself to wake up and for everything that has happened in the last day and a half to just be a dream.
Dean takes in this information and thinks back to what he talked about with DJ while preparing stuff earlier. "Huh, maybe it's a cover to go see his girlfriend or something." Dean relaxes a bit, and he thinks that Sam is blowing things a little out of proportion.
"You of all people should know what there is a level of danger there no matter who the person is, especially when the supernatural is concerned; I think that my brother is reckless and falling though familiar traps which will only end with pain."
Sam looked like he had an internal conflict before deciding to tell Dean, "I'm proud of you, you know?"
Silence ensued, which gnawed at everyone because where do they go from here? Obviously, there needs to be a discussion on what the plan was, how the hell they survived so long, literally have a summary of their lives.
"How?... There isn't any record... it shouldn't be possible," Cas is staring at DJ and Marion in complete bewilderment.
Of course, it doesn't really surprise Castiel that Billy wouldn't have or want to have any use for him; after all, he did kill her some time ago, even if that resulted in her being promoted to Death. Dean had been worried and pissed at the time.
Billie observes as the four humans, the angel and the Nephilim pack their respective cars. Interestingly now that they are all acting carefree, at least to an extent, they have their guard down, which is not a good thing but the reality of the two new humans that she can only assume are Winchester's based on their appearance intrigues her.
Instead of merely switching places will Sam, Dean kicked Jack into the passenger seat and slid into the back beside Cas, having the ability to stretch out a bit more in the back. Dean rumples a jacket against the window, and he's asleep before Sam pulls back onto the highway, but there is more to fear than a nightmare as sometimes memories are the worst nightmares.
"Because I don't have what DJ has, I don't have something nagging at me not to sacrifice myself, and don't start about the family thing, I've lost any shred of motivation or hope to try and maneuver out of what needs to happen after Chucks went people will be able to move on, I will fight to make sure my family is alive, but I won't find peace on earth, I'll find peace when the mission I was created for has come to pass and that requires me dead." The look on Marion's face is so painfully familiar that it genuinely feels like a punch to the gut to Sam. The look of resignment with underlying sorrow and simmering anger, the same look he saw on Dean's face three years ago, and again in the reality that Chuck showed him. Sam doesn't want to think about what that means.
Dean is quietly singing to himself as he bustles around the kitchen, making a basic breakfast for himself, Sam and Jack. He'd gotten up feeling oddly refreshed, not at 100%, but he feels a little bit lighter than he did the night before. Making breakfast was a sense of normalcy; he can pretend the world isn't ending while scrambling some eggs. But cooking is also relaxing; he likes creating new things even if, on occasion, those things might be revolting; he thinks to the marshmallow fluff mac and cheese he used to make Sam as a kid.
"At least that was the true intention, for there to be balanced in the universe, light and dark, but my brother has been focused on the darkness wanting to destroy and watch the world burn in its entirety instead of creating and watching things grow. My brother is treating freedom like it's a length of rope, and he wants humanity to hang itself with it."
He watched as they put the baskets they were carrying on the ground; it was obvious that they were talking and, in Marion's case at least flirting, though he was thankfully far enough away that he couldn't make out what they were saying. His grip on the stone in his hand tightened as he witnessed the Nakki lead Marion into the water after stripping down to their underwear; he's not exactly sure where she's supposed to have a weapon kept. He sees the two of them move waist-deep into the water, and then as the monster leans down to kiss Marion, Marion takes the opportunity while the Nakki is distracted from reaching up to her bun and pulled out the hairpin.
"Why didn't I get it? Jack asks, finally looking at the brothers, "I mean, my mother died too; why didn't I understand?" Jack pauses, and the brothers look taken aback. "It was my fault," Jack whispers as he starts to cry harder.
Some of the tension is dissipated from the room, but not completely; coincidences tend not to exist in their line of work.
When Dean and Cas finally do return, they both look a little rough, but Dean doesn't even have time to say anything before the kids crash into him, giving him a bruising hug before moving on to Cas, leaving his brother and the Angel perplexed but each returning the hugs tightly.
"I mean, you can stay here while we eat, you must also be hungry." Sam let out in a breath with wide eyes, not wanting to let the kids leave their site just yet, still convinced this is some kind of dream. Maybe they were attacked by a Djinn, though he's not sure whos nightmare or fantasy this would be.
"You were asleep for over four hours before you showed any signs of distress," Cas paused. "Did you want to talk about it?" Cas asked finally, and Dean could feel all three sets of eyes watching him from their various vantage points in the car.
"The Winchester Gospels are important; they are the original story that my brother planned for this universe, once Dean and Sam are born that is, they have important information on how the world got to this point in time, although I should mention that even with my brother continuing to write the books these only go up to the night Lucifer's son is born." Amara then smiled at Naomi, "the children also might want to know where they come from and start a familial connection to family members they won't even get to meet until they are in their twenties and about to save the world." Amara took another pause, "although you should probably tell them to skip certain parts, there is only so much that children want to know about their parents, humans become weird when sex is involved." Amara then chuckles to herself for a moment before becoming more serious.
"I suppose that makes sense-," Cas says, but his thought is cut off by Jack wandering into the kitchen.
"No! I just, maybe wanted to see him, I got curious, I wasn't sure when we'd actually meet you all and unconsciously willed it to happen. Once I was in his dream, I noticed that he was having a nightmare and tried to guide him out of it the best I could." Marion let out in a rush and then turned to her father with more of a guilty expression now on her face, "then the next night, I actively tried to enter your dreams; it wasn't really specifically you but any of you. I think the proximity of you coming closer to here made it easier to maintain the connection for longer."
They had made it through about half of the Christmas village at this point, and there was still so real sign of anyone matching the description given by last night's victim that also had tattoos. While they were walking, they engaged in fairly light conversation, or what passes for light conversation when Winchester's were involved.
"He went to go get dinner from down the street; I gave him one of your credit cards," Cas answered, but his attention wasn't focused on Dean but rather on the two people seated on the couch and if Dean were watching them instead would have noticed how both of them tensed and look at Cas apprehensively when he walked in the room.
Planting the hex bag turned out to be a lot easier than Naomi originally predicted. As she was walking down the street brainstorming ideas, she overheard a businessman talking on the phone about his train that was to leave in just under an hour. Not letting the opening slip through her fingers, she easily slipped the hex bag into his coat jacket and kept walking in the opposite direction.
DJ waits a moment before adding his contribution, "Meanwhile, my x-men powers are far less interesting. I can sense and perceive the emotions of other people just by being around them, kind of like if their sadness, happiness, guilt, etc. were radiating off of them; additionally, I can slightly manipulate emotions, not to any extreme but almost in a suggestive way to slightly alter one's mood. This also comes with the ability to be a human lie detector to an extent, but I can only really tell if people tell an outright lie, it doesn't work with bending the truth."
"Do you want to see the pictures Sam had me take on his phone," Jack asked after the silence in the car had gone on for an uncomfortable amount of time.
Marion smiles softly, but it doesn't quite reach her eyes, "I'm not sure if that's a good idea, Jack."
With the plan basically laid out, now everything just needs to be set in motion. Amara led Naomi through the penthouse to the library. The spacious, square bedroom converted into what looks like a witches den has coordinating wooden furniture.  The floor is mahogany hardwood, and the walls are painted with various sigils and decorated with a wallpaper border that is almost glowing with magic.  Light is provided by floor lamps and a crystal chandelier, which seems just over the top for the space in question.  Overall, the room has a fairytale-like look to it, and among the first things one notices walking in are the various book, magical objects, and ingredients taking up every shelf and flat surface in the room.
Sam turns up the volume on the TV so that Scooby-Doo effectively blocks anyone's ability to talk anymore about those books. Dean was going to want to bring Naomi back to life just to punish her for this.
When he walks into the office, he's greeted by an elderly man and woman dressed up as Santa and Mrs. Clause, and Dean has to will himself to walk towards the desk and not bolt out of the room. He'd gladly fight a back of wendigo's than have to deal with this.
"Of course," Naomi answers; she picks up the suitcase and follows Amara out of the room towards what must be a bedroom where Amara immediately lies down on the bed and hands the spells to Naomi. Amara also leans over and picks up two liquid vials, keeping one to herself and handing the other one to Naomi.
"What are you a god-damn fortune cookie? Mind your own business; you know nothing, kid." Dean snaps at the kid, and the kid just dares to smirk at him.
No one says a word during the entire drive though it appears everyone has something that they want to say; instead, they sit in an uncomfortable silence that continues to become tenser as the minutes pass by. By the time they arrive at the lodge, the atmosphere is almost suffocating, making Dean glad to get out of the car and move into the motel suite.
"Ugh, you don't have to do that!" Dean exclaimed, feeling slightly uncomfortable, and if he's honest with himself, a little scared, ordinary people are not this cheerful.
"Why do you..." Cas trails off, unable to finish his question, but Marion fills in the blank on her own.
"Though we're going to need to pick up our car from downtown, it's blasphemy that we've left it as long as we have."
"There are two kids in there that claim to be mine; they are mine, but, fuck the girl looks as old as Sam was when I picked him up saying 'Dad's been on a hunting trip and hasn't been home in a few days.' I don't know how to be a dad, tried that with Ben, and you know how that turned out, Dad tried, but he was so wrapped up in getting revenge, he was a trainer more than a Father." Dean's voice was rough, and Cas was wracking his own brain for something to say that would be appropriate to say.
"Well, I don't think heaven's all that concerned with Jack's sleeping habits, but I know what you mean," Cas replied easily as Sam let out a small chuckle.
Dean notices that the young woman looks rough, like she definitely doesn't want to be at a poetry reading right now. There was also something haunting in her gaze as she looked out at the crowd, almost a mix of defeat, despair, and anger, which immediately sticks out like a red flag to.
Finally, Marion breaks the silence before letting out in a barely audible whisper, now looking at Dean with a sombre expression, her anger from earlier melting away.
"When Dean checked in, he was given a family pass to the festival; while we're here, we should check out some of the activities; we don't get to celebrate the holidays all that often, so let's try to have some fun." Cas looked on expectantly, hoping that Jack will be in favour of the idea.
It's obvious looking at them that the girl has taken over a protection role within the duo thus allowing the boy to be a bit more vulnerable. It's striking to Castiel how much like the brother's these children seem to be, even with only being around them for a short time.
"You were terrorizing him?" Sam turned to question Marion who's face was now becoming a shade of pink.
"Upset, grieving, but I think with a bit of time and support, he will be okay; he's sleeping in his room now."
"From my angle, you're taking everything pretty well from where I'm standing. I expected more yelling or general swearing."
"That's really not necessary," Sam says at the same time as Dean pushes forward with, "whether suicide or something more sinister we need to investigate, so is there anything that you can tell me about the victims."
"Good," Sam said with relief, having released a breath he didn't realize he was holding. Sam gave Cas a small smile. "Hopefully, he'll get some rest; heaven knows he needs it."
Marion continues, "But, we can't heal others, and it wouldn't protect us from an instantly fatal wound, but it does speed up the healing process considerably, stamina, speed, and strength are all slightly better than a human's. Again not a huge thing, but it helps, and we both have supernatural perception like being able to see hellhounds, for example. We then also have our individual powers you can call them; I have the ability to perform some telepathy, I can see and sift through memories but also project images and snapshots into other people's minds for viewing and then, of course, I can dream walk to an extent. Still, it's not perfect, and I don't have complete control over it."
Sam and Cas simply look at Marion, unsure how to respond to such a statement. Where the hell do they even start.
"Oh ya, you're going to be a jealous old man." She teases as she threw the picnic basket she was carrying earlier at him. "I may have picked up some pie on the way here though, might soften the blow as you realize that 'baby' is not, in fact, the best car.
Marion hesitates before answering as if she's trying to choose her words, putting sam on edge carefully.
"Because you and Castiel already had that bond, Castiel's Grace recognized that were related to Dean and thus saw our souls as extensions of Dean to protect or something, quite honestly it was confusing when Naomi was trying to explain it since she didn't seem to understand it either. She was working on a hunch," DJ trailed off and shrugged nonchalantly, evident that he didn't have any further explanation to give.
"Well, you're just in luck! We have with the North pole apartment suite still available as we had a cancellation this morning," the Santa Claus said as he types something into his computer, "you said your boys never experience Christmas well that just won't do! I'll give you the room for half price and throw in a family pass to all the festival attractions!" The man beams at him, a twinkle in his eye.
"Obviously," Marion responds dryly. She rolls her eyes before continuing. "If you had been paying attention, you would have heard me explain that there has been a slight change of plans. There was, in fact, another attempted sacrifice last night."
"Sam?" Cas tries again, trying to get his attention, and this time Sam does move his head to look at Cas. Cas continues, "do you want to go talk with Dean?"
"They, however, tend to take on the image of men because they found that women were much better protectors of the water and the earth and were more altruistic overall being selfless while maintained absurd amounts of Christmas cheer. Näkki lure women and sometimes children to drown in lakes, streams, rivers, or any other body of water by playing enchanted songs; they are like a siren in some ways. There is a spell that can kill them, and you only need to capture the leader for it to work, but they first need to grow despondent by not being given any access to contact with water.
"A case might be good for us, help us get back into the swing of things, and it might be good for Jack to help him feel useful. That and to watch his mental and emotional stability, we can't expect him to help take down God if he can't even work a case." Dean spoke with food in his mouth, acting as if breakfast might be his last meal.
Dean's positive that if he tried to say anything to the angel that all that would come out were incoherent sounds or simply nothing at all, so Dean does the only thing he can think of and prays to Castiel despite being only a few inches from him.
"No!" Marion quickly interjected. "We were born and raised in that other world up until three years ago, but we are really this world's... your worlds... we are your kids. Not another version of you," Marion had continued and hesitated for another moment before continuing cautiously, "remember 23 years ago when you were alone in California? I think you had just finished a case and were about to drive back to meet up with your dad and Sam. You needed some quick Cash.
DJ, for his part, didn't look annoyed or put out by Jack's enthusiasm; in fact, he was actively encouraging it by asking questions and engaging in the tales Jack's telling tales about his past three years on earth. What it was like in the beginning, how Dean had been angry at him for existing, how desperate he was to get Cas back not only because he chose him as a Father but because he thought it was the best way to make Dean happy. He went on to tell the whole story about the tombstone case, and none of the stories were very linear. Jack seemingly tried to word-vomit everything out at once, almost like he was afraid he wouldn't get the chance to finish his stories later.
Slowly Dean lifts his head to turn it towards Cas, but his eyes remain shut, already imagining the stare the angel has trained on him.
Dean's brought out of his thoughts by the sound of someone entering the suite; he turns to see Cas carrying several shopping bags, and noticeably Jack is absent.
"My family and I are at the Christmas Village Lodge; everyone else will be gone for dinner and the Christmas concert later, so you don't need to worry about anyone. Pick me up around six six-thirty."
Cas feeling shame because he should tell Dean about the deal with the empty but can't quite find the courage to do so, and Dean really doesn't need any additional baggage right now.
They all separate to start at various sections of the perimeter so that they can just move clockwise until the perimeter is more or less secure.
"Um, I've read all the books, though Naomi did remove sections she thought would be unfit for us to read based on you being family since Naomi used to say that humans have weird social rules. That being said, not everything was taken out."
"No, you were already reliving that memory; I simply brought you to the fishing dock one once I managed the connection."
"Good night," Marion speaks and starts towards the door, but a firm hand pulls her back, and she looks back in confusion at Jack, who's now grasping her arm like his life depended on it.
"You can then use that experience though to work with Marion and DJ, and you also have the benefit of not having been dead for over thirty years. Ultimately, Mary did everything she did with the two of you in mind, even if some of it was misguided. I have full confidence that you can learn from the past and use the positive experiences that you've had with parental or authority figures to navigate the two kids in there."
Dean coughed and was about to contradict Cas, but Cas continued, "I'm not saying that you've been a perfect parental figure or have always reacted in the right way, but neither have I; it's been constant trial and error trying to strike a balance with the both of them, especially with Claire." While Dean couldn't see Cas cracked a small smile, "additionally, if there is anything I've learned from your assistance of pop culture and movie education is that there is no such thing as being the perfect parent, the important part is that you put the effort in and try. Besides, I'm pretty sure Bobby would be calling you an Idjit right about now." Dean made a sound that must have been a chocked laugh.
Cosmic consequences, maybe this is just an extension of that Cas thinks as he banishes those thoughts from his mind and walks into the war room where both the brothers were silently drinking their whiskey, their conversation seemingly having ended a while ago now.
As soon as Amara's eyes are closed, Naomi quickly downs her vial of liquid, not wasting a second more, she immediately feels warm before starting the read the second spell on the page.
"There is free will in Christmas mythology even; ask Dean if you can watch Charles Dicken's A Christmas Carol."
Dean digests the information about Marion and DJ, Cas comforts him, Sam and Jack talk to the kids and Marion dreams of the past.
Before Dean could answer, DJ pipes up as he seemingly starts rummaging around in the bag, he insisted on bringing with him. "We move to the next one in the pattern. They won't try and return to the one they tried to use last night, at least not until they are sure that the area isn't being surveilled."
Amara slightly hesitates, "it's insurance in case you need to bring someone else you trust into the fold later on if you think you won't be able to continue to complete this mission in it's entire. You will only have a certain amount of grace with you when you travel to the past; there is a vial of accumulated grace of yours in a vial already in the suitcase, don't ask how I acquired it, but it will provide one full power boost when you get to the alternate universe, but then that's it. After that, you will be cut off from heaven as you won't be able to reach the one in the alternate universe; I honestly don't know how long the grace will last, I estimate that if you are frugal with it, you will have until the date the children need to return to this world. I know this is a lot to ask, but it's the only way. The talisman will also work for Nephilim do with that information what you will." Amara emphasizes that final sentence.
"Come on, Dean, I think we should check it out, see if there is something to it before more people end up dead. Besides the festival kind of looks like fun, we could give Jack something akin to an actual Christmas before Billy's plan is fully set in motion." Sam is looking at him with what can only be described as sad puppy dog eyes, which should have stopped working three decades ago, but Dean takes a moment to think about Christmas, never really had much to do with holiday as kids and now? Christmas has only been brought into the equation when they thought they weren't going to make it to the next holiday season.
Sam shoots his brother a withering look before turning his attention back to Cas, "there's a Christmas festival currently taking place, which I think might have something to do with it."
"But, there was definitely stuff in there Dean's kids shouldn't have read, oh my god, how much did you actually read?" Sam wanted to bury his head in his hands.
"The story of Chuck's world is that the Winchester children are always the focus, or at least they have been for a while; he's become obsessed with the two of you. Specifically, one of you has to kill the other. His world has always been left forgotten after he gets the ending that he wants. There is a reason why there haven't been any variation of the two of you with an actual family; Chuck doesn't care about your next generation," Marion pauses, her look becoming more sorrowful as she goes one.
Castiel contemplates Dean's words for a moment, the two of them merely staring at each other as they always do. Neither of them notices it, but Sam rolls his eyes, and his mouth twitches into a small smirk.
Speaking of sugar, Cas was regretting not stopping Jack from tasting every single one of the free samples at Kay Kringles Kandy because it seemed that despite being part angel it seemed Jack experienced a coined 'sugar high' and was talking enthusiastically about all the other offerings of the festival and commenting on every new thing he noticed. Despite his deep regret, Cas was allowing himself to feel contentment with the sense of normalcy, careful to prevent himself from calling it happiness.
"It's not the first time that Angels interfered because of the world ending, is it? And you're fighting a war against God which is going to take everything you've got on your side and then some. Besides, kids have been used in wars since the dawn of time whether for fighting or more behind the scenes roles, hell, during world war 1, M15 used Girl Guides as spies to send secret messages."
"Yes, but more than that, the handprint was a physical manifestation of my grabbing you, but in doing so, my grace reached out to heal the wounds because I had touched you in my true form; it left a scar. But also traces of my grace that was working as bandaids, it's extremely rare for the grace not to react violently to contact with a human soul, to combat that it created a two-way bond."
"Still think that this was a waste of time? There was no way that poem is a coincidence." Sam whispered harshly over the snapping.
They had talked to all the Witnesses and family members, which has taken the better part of the day but was about as helpful as throwing a drowning man both ends of the rope. Everyone who knew the victims said that the victims were happy and had no reason to kill themselves or had any reason to be out by the water. This pushes the idea that the drownings were not accidental or intentional on the part of the victims, which gives them absolutely nothing. There were no witness accounts of the victims wandering off with strangers, and their best lead so far was that two of the four victims had attended the daily Pied Piper Poetry Pageant.
"When I rescued you from hell, I had to not only rebuild you but patch you up as your soul had scars from the time you spent in hell."
"Ugh... you can probably guess that DJ is short for something; Naomi always referred to my full name being Dean Robert Winchester, but she didn't understand naming conventions, so she always called me DJ so she wouldn't get confused. Robert after Bobby since she knew that he was also like a father to you."  DJ looked over to Dean with a guarded expression; Dean let his lip quick up in the hint of a smile, afraid he was going somehow to screw up the kid in front of him.
"We were created in order to give you all another edge against Chuck." As she spoke, she reached under her collar to pull out the strikingly familiar amulet. Both the kids are now looking straight on Dean, and Dean is speechless; they are waiting for him to have some kind of reaction, but his brain and body aren't responding.
She reaches out and picks up one of the books, turning it over to take a good look at it, there is no name on the book, which should be impossible since nothing can truly escape death, but it is possible to evade it. She opens the book and sees that the pages are bare, which is also concerning but not surprising if the book also doesn't have a name, but two different colours separate the pages.
"Night, Sam!" Cas calls after him before turning and taking Sam's now-vacant seat to sit across from Dean. Both of them are not sure how to start the conversation; both know they need to have.
The kid just looks at Dean for a moment; something akin to shock flits across his face, but it's gone in an instant. "You know you shouldn't keep all your emotions bottled up; fear itself is a disease which manifests itself in anger, hate, depression, and hypocrisy." The kid says, looking him straight in the eye, and Dean, for some reason, is rooted to his spot. "The more anger you hold towards the past in your heart, the less capable you are of loving the present."
"We don't know that, and at least two of the victims were confirmed to have attended one of these poetry readings."
Speaking of the Angel, Cas chooses that moment to grace the brothers with his presence slumping into the kitchen and just staring at the brothers.
The words have been running through Amara’s mind on repeat since saying them to her brother three days ago, God, what a joke. God, supposed to be the saviour, the all-knowing entity who has the final say in all matters on Earth… and yet he treats his creations like the human Video game ‘The Sims.’ God is the ‘true darkness’ Amara thinks as her brother likes deriving pleasure from seeing anguish, pain and suffering, especially when it involves a certain brotherly duo.
Dean clutched onto Jack through Sam's speech, mirroring Jack's strength in their hug. Sam, Jack and Dean were all crying now; Cas even had tear's in his eyes, signalling how emotionally charged the room was but also alluding to the state of his vessel.
"You know a lot about psychology?" Sam asked, quirking an eyebrow and generally looking interested. Dean already knows that they are going to geek out over school and things that he's definitely not going to understand.
"Dude, are you sure your okay because if you've forgotten, Christmas is in December, and it's currently July." Dean retorted as he shoves half a drowned pancake into his mouth.
"Hey, where's DJ?" Sam asks after walking back into the living room, having packed all unnecessary items back in his bag if the need for a quick getaway later is needed.
Dean slowly began to let Jack go and eventually helped Jack stand up fully before slightly stepping aside to let Sam tower over Jack and pull him into a fierce hug. Sam then whispered something into Jack's here that was indistinguishable to the dean's ear, but Jack started to relax.
Getting up from her seat, Amara walks over to her balcony and looks out onto the city, with thousands of people running around looking like little ants in the grand scheme of things. “You don’t even know what’s coming,” Amara whispers into the slight breeze, “the god you worship has essentially abandoned you, and for most of you, your current worry is what’s next to watch on Netflix.” Amara closes her eyes, feeling the wind against her skin and focusing on humanity's various noises down below. New York really is a fascinating human experiment.
Dean didn't raise his head, so his words were muffled, but Cas was able to make them out anyway, "This must be what mom felt, and I put so much blame on her for leaving and not being a mom... I don't know what to do... Marion already hates me, that much was evident when she dream walked, and I don't even know what the reason is, not that I can't guess or that it even matters."
There had been five or six performers before Dean saw something he recognized from the corner of his eye; he looked up as some young kid, maybe late teens early 20s at most, walked onto the stage. It's the same kid that bumped into him earlier outside their motel. Dean started cursing Sam in his head for wanting to go to this damn thing like they were really going to find clues of what's drowning people at a poetry reading of all places.
Angel's aren't meant to have feelings, and yet, there is an odd sensation spreading through Naomi, something akin to mourning if she were actually human. There may be many problems with Amara's plan and many instances where things could go wrong, but Naomi is going to dedicate all her energy and power to make sure she completes her goal, no matter the cost. To protect humanity just as God originally ordered.
"That's because they are Jack; Christmas means a lot of things to a lot of different people, from what I gather from the information that Meatron forced upon me, and my interactions since being on Earth is that the true spirit of Christmas lies in your heart."
Only a few words are marking the page, but those words are creating hundreds of questions for which Death doesn't have answers. God doesn't have the power to shield himself from Death, or he shouldn't have the power based on him writing himself into the fold; the empty is a Cosmic power but doesn't have this kind of reach. They already have an understanding which leaves only one entity that even has the potential of crafting the power needed to ward against Death.
'What was that about,' Dean thought to himself, sitting down behind the wheel as Sam gets in beside him but turns his body around to keep an eye on the strangers in the back of the Car.
"Good afternoon, gingerbread folk; today's show, if you don't know, will consist of a 40 minute condensed version of swan lake followed by a Christmas carol sing-along with accompanying light show. We ask you to stay seated for the duration of the performances and only to get up if necessary. Without further ado, I hope you enjoy the show!" The elf scampered off-screen as the room went black, and the show started.
Marion was the one to answer, "We do, we aren't as strong as an actual Angel, and nowhere near a Nephilim, but we have some watered down abilities such as slightly faster healing." Sam and Dean now noticed that the cuts from the silver dagger were gone entirely.
Real Christmas music was drifting down from the speakers perched on windowsills, roofs, and lamp posts, the music creating an air of cheerfulness; the entire downtown had been turned into a Christmas village of sorts, and while many might find it charming, Castiel has to hide his discomfort. The town is vividly bringing back memories of the dreaded milkshake town that he and Sam visited last year; he has to remind himself that this was simply a fringe festival is what he believes Dean referred to it as.
Jack took a pause looking straight at Castiel, almost as if he was trying to look through him, before inquiring, "You told me that Dean feels things more acutely than anyone else you've ever known, but if that's true, why wouldn't you tell them about your deal with the empty. I imagine that would make Dean upset."
"These blades were forged by ancient Scandinavian witches with the sole purpose being to infuse magic into what they create, including sigils, meaning that your Demon blade has nothing on these."
Sam pulled out his laptop to bring up the article he had been reading earlier and began to read to Dean.
"This all seems unnecessarily complicated." Jack pipes in, finally joining the conversation. He also appears to be eating the leftover ice cream from yesterday.
"Ya but they've done that before, kind of, remember, Gabriel got a hold of them and transported them into TV land, and they had to play parts in Dr. Sexy MD, CSI, that Japnese game show and a sitcom," Marion says matter and DJ just nods his head as if he remembers something, which is what reminds Sam that they shouldn't know that.
"Cas, don't feel guilty about something that isn't your fault and that you can't control, but thanks for the thought." Sam clasps his hand on Cas' should as he walks out of the room.
Naomi is pulled from her thoughts as she noticed that the sun was starting to set in the sky, going from a bright blue to being mixed with some warmer tones. She looks at her watch again to find that she has only two minutes left, so she packs everything she doesn't need for the ritual back into the suitcase and stands up, taking her place at the head of the circle of sigils. She watched the ticking of her wristwatch until the minute hand reaches the twelve, she can feel a power surge from somewhere to the south, and immediately starts chanting.
"That's right, and there are no rules here; the holiday season is what you make of it, not a schedule of things you must do or feel."
"A harrowing memory, I was paired with a talking dog." Cas deadpans, sending both of the brothers into a small laughing fit, again lightening the mood while Jack looks on in bewilderment.
Naomi nod's as an angel making the ultimate sacrifice is a no-brainer. Amara then moves on to explain the rest of the items on the table, picking them up as she goes. A Nephilim heart and an anti-christ heart, along with a coin from the correct alternate universe to be destroyed together to create the rift to the other world; a medallion which will ensure the journey back to this world on May 18th, 2017; the coordinates to an abandoned men of letter's safe house for their return in 2017; a copy of John's journal with Sam and Dean's edits for the children to go over as they get older; some currency; piles of educational material on monsters, demons, magic, and angels; a small photo album with photo's of Dean, Sam, Mary, John, Bobby, Castiel and even Jack; a survival guide of ingredients for spells, hex bags and potions; various weapons to defeat monsters, demons and other angels which leaves two things left on the table.
"Christmas is my favourite time of year, family, the atmosphere, the mythology, to be cliche; I'll also say the Christmas spirit."
Dean stops cleaning the gun he's working on to look at Sam's face, noticing the hint of worry there as something significant.
"I kinda wish I could use powers to transform it into the real thing; cartoons make it seem like playing in the snow is a lot of fun." Jack pouted, shaking off some of the snow that had collected in his hair.
Dean took a good look at the place, and his eye involuntary switched at the sight. While having got accustomed to having their own space in the bunker, he and Sam weren't picky when it came to off route accommodations—being used to seedy places where men with beer guts went to bang other men's wives. Or places where hooker's brought their john's and paid for rooms by the hour. Exteriors tended to be run down, falling apart with a particular scent lingering in the air.
"Ya, I loved it in high school, and I've been able to take online college courses over the last year or so through one of my aliases; I won't be able to actually graduate, but that's not a big concern for me." DJ shrugged, trying to brush it off as nonchalance, but there is something in his demeanour that sends a pang through Dean's chest, and he imagines Sam's feeling that too because DJ reminds him so much of Sam at 18 declaring he was going to Stanford, and it hurts to think about that.
The two of them were now sitting off to the side in a cafeteria of sorts, Dean having dragged his brother, with the premise that it was lunchtime, to the ultimate pie tasting extravaganza, that's not actually what it was called, and there were countless other baked goods to taste. Still, Dean only cared about the 31 flavours of pie. While Dean had stuffed his face with samples of every single pie, Sam opted to get a Christmas themed Salad.
Walking into the sheriff's office offered little reprise from the Christmas celebrations; the entire department was dressed up as Christmas characters. With who must the Sherrif dressed as Bumble the Abominable Snowman.
"They mostly take the shape of men because they believe that women are much better protectors of the water, and their happiness is more pure; the translation on that part was a little wonky."
"I can't tell you what to do, you could choose to destroy or put an end to whatever I've started, but the anger you are extruding seems to indicate that is no longer an option. If it were, you would have probably done it already. Or, you still can't access what I've done, and by the time you do, it would be too late, and interfering with my addition to plan to kill my brother will, in fact, result in my brother winning."
Honestly, Dean should probably be against his son riding a motorcycle, his son, that's still going to take some getting used to. But, he doesn't even really know much about them, and the last thing he needs to do is start spouting of rules like he's some kind of authority. He doesn't want to be John.
For a brief moment, Sam thinks that they are still going to leave but end up settling back down on the couch. Jack grabs the remote and turns on the TV, only for Scooby-Doo to pop up on the screen. Sam actually laughs when he recognizes the episode like the one he, Dean, and Cas got sucked into a couple of years ago, he's even watched the episode a couple of times since then, each time it feels like a fever dream.
"There's no place I would rather be," Cas answers truthfully. "I will be here for as long as I'm physically able to; I don't plan to go anywhere." Again with careful word choice, he's not technically lying to Dean, although based on the feeling in his chest, he might as well be.
"Where should I pick you up then?" He asks as he lays his hand on her arm; she's careful to lean into the touch and not flinch away."
"Fine," he picks up a folder on the desk behind him. "This has everything we have on the drownings, including the addressed of next of kin, knock yourselves out, but I'm telling you you're wasting your time. You should try exploring the festival instead."
Cas was surprised that it didn't hurt to talk about heaven; it's both been so long since he originally rebelled against heaven to help Dean that it can feel like lifetimes, yet it also feels like an insignificant amount of time considering he's been alive for millennia. He likes telling Jack about what heaven used to be like before the civil wars and the fall because it wasn't all just following ordered and fulfilling duties; some celebrations took place, special occasions; angels were friends with one another, not just brethren created to be soldiers of God even though that was their main objective and duty.
"Well," Sam says as he starts to get up and stretch his back. "I'm going to see if I can't get a couple of hours of sleep; I'm exhausted; it's been a long few days." Cas looks at Sam and sees that exhaustion in his stance, the bags under his eyes and the slightly lost expression in his eyes; Cas wants nothing more than to take away all of the younger Winchester's pain.
Dean finds it weird driving the Impala with both passengers sitting in the back seat. DJ had tried to explain to Jack that he could sit in the front and that he didn't mind sitting in the back, not seeing it as a big deal. However, Jack was adamant about sitting in the back with DJ, which apparently was just to talk his ear off and tell as many stories as he possibly could.
Sam looked like his whole body was struggling at coming to terms with what's he's been hearing, what more can be thrown at them at this point, "You're just kids, manipulating biology and the well being of people to create soldiers for war." Sam whispered, his eyes suddenly getting misty.
Marion simply shakes her head and looks a bit worn down. "You have your own dealing to worry about, and we still have a bit of time, might as well make it worth it."
Sam's face goes through many contortions and settles for something that is a mix of apprehension and worry that has Dean's face turning into a frown.
"Fine, Dean grunted and signalled for the kids and Sam to follow him; there was a tense silence as they walked back to the Impala, Sam keeping his weapon hidden under his coat but not holstering it in case the kids try something. Dean doesn't miss the flicker of emotions in both kids' eyes as they took in the car before climbing into the back seat.
She was glad to see, however, that they all seemed to be getting along fairly well. It appears that the brothers had forgiven Jack for Mary's death, or at least were willing to move past it, which is the ideal situation. Turmoil within their little team, does not bode well for the final plan to actually work against God.
Dean pulled back to look Jack in the eyes, only noticing then that he too had started to cry, but he pushed forwards thinking of the words he prayed to another celestial being not too long ago.
"So without much more rambling, this poem is called You Tell Me." The kid, DJ, Dean's brain supplied helpfully.
Naomi looked at her watch, 25 minutes left, and everything is already set up for the ritual; an area was cleared of forest debris for sigils to be written in the dirt with the Nephilim and anti-christ hearts now placed in a small pit in the ground in the middle of the sigils. According to Amara's instructions, Naomi was presently holding the coin, which needs to be thrown into the pit after performing the incantation.
"Naomi sacrificed herself to ensure that our story didn't meet the fate meant for the aforementioned douchbag Sam and Dean. We are the ones set to break the cycle; we were created to throw Chuck off his game while he is weak enough for others to destroy him. Amara had us created for one to kill the other."
As soon as the car has disappeared around the corner, Naomi makes her way into the fertility clinic. She sees the receptionist fiddling with what must be a pencil gazing off into the distance blankly, barely acknowledging Naomi's presence as she approaches.
"So... do you think it would be Jean, Dames, Damie, maybe just JamesDean, oh or DJames, you know like Destiel or Cas Dean." Sam, the fucker just grins and looks really proud of himself while Dean just grips the steering wheel so tight his knuckles go white.
Not looking where he's going, he bumps into someone, almost dropping the package of paper all over the ground. Even though it was his fault, Dean's the one to react, "Hey, watch where the fuck you're going." Dean grunts turning to look at the person, noticing that it's just a young kid, maybe 19 at the most.
The tension that existed last night seemed to have evaporated, Dean noted, as it was obvious that everyone had changed gears to focus on the case at hand. The sooner the case is over, the sooner they can get back to the bunker.
Jack was slowly starting to fall asleep, his breathing becoming more shallow as time went on, Cas continuing to rub Jack's back, not wanting to leave his son yet.
Dean wants to ask more about this mystery person, but what right does he have to ask? He's just going to have to believe that the kids know how to spot a lion in sheep clothing. Dean just nods at the kids trying to convey a look of understanding.
Marion laughs as she turns back to the man, "That's my stepdad, he means no harm, not really, just a pain in my ass actually as he seems to think he always knows what's best when he has his own issues to figure out."
Marion walks out of the bathroom and quietly crawls into her bed, doing her best not to disturb DJ, who is already asleep if his snoring is any indication.  Her brain is firing off a mile a minute with everything that's happened in just the last 24 hours trying to make sense of it all and not to panic, but it's a little hard not to. No matter how strong she appears or how strong she thinks she is, no person is infallible, she was raised to be a fighter, a hunter, a warrior, raised with a particular mission in mind and compartmentalizing that was easy when the mission was a distant nightmare, but it's now started to take shape. She grips tightly at the amulet around her neck and slowly drifts to sleep, but with sleep doesn't come rest; instead, it's an unwelcome trip down memory lane.
The two of them show their wristbands to get in and proceed to find the best seats they can, which happen to be actually quite close to the stage, surprisingly. They don't talk further, but Jack is nearly vibrating with excitement, which honestly hurts Cas' heart a little bit because this is how Jack should always feel and will fight for Jack to have that happiness if it's the last thing he does.
Dean can tell Cas is still staring at him from the corner of his eye, but Dean's just staring at the two kids in front of them, the two of them now looking straight back at him there faces trying to cover the numerous emotions that they are cycling through but failing.
"Not much to tell, they were all women under 30, three were locals, and one was a tourist who came for the festival. Deputies took statements from family and friends, but with how they found the bodies, it was concluded that it was just a sad coincidence. The sheriff shrugged and gulped his drink, which left whipped cream on his fake beard. Sam and Dean both ignored it, opting just to try and get out of there as fast as possible.
"Perhaps I will," Cas replies as he moves to pour himself a cup of coffee and refilling Sam and Dean's cups before sitting down beside Dean. "I hear you're leaving after breakfast?"
Naomi glances back towards the table and sees something strange, "why are there three other talismans? I assume one for each child, but what about the extra one?"
"Yes, Jack," Cas answered, handing him the pamphlet about the festival just as a pair of shrieking children ran past running towards a shop with the name 'Kay Kringles Kandy.'
Just like she told the Winchester's, they were playing a big game here, with only being strong as the weakest players; the big picture is clear, one life means nothing in the grand scheme of things, but that doesn't mean that one life can't create another cosmic problem to deal with.
"Well no, more like Guardian in the sense of being a parent, but they were more a mission handler first and substitute parent second. While she had come to care for us in her own way, it was clear that the mission and goal always came first." Sadness and a hint of bitterness are detectable in Marion's tone, which indicates that's it's a touchy topic, but really nothing about this conversation is easy.
By the time the five of them were done, they had made a considerable dent into the pile of food, but there was still a lot of uneaten food an copious amount of melting ice cream and desserts. Sam and Jack stuffed the uneaten food and frozen treats in the respective fridge and freezer while Cas and Dean collected the garbage and cleaned the table, leaving Marion and DJ just to watch the four of them work as they all brushed them off when the kids asked what they could do.
Jack was fascinated with what he was seeing as he hadn't seen anything like it; he knew that ballet was something that people did, but he didn't know it would be this beautiful. Right from the start, the performances were energetic and bold. The movements from each of the dancers were made with precision, and they hit the mark each time. There was never a dull moment on the stage. Constant movement and flow kept himself engaged, alert, and active.
"Are Marion and DJ even your real names? Or did you just use that as cover? Dean questioned, wanting to know the answer.
"It's no more or less reckless than some of the plans you guys have put in motion," DJ added before taking a sip of the green drink in front of him.
"Come on, that ended up being a good Christmas; we didn't get killed by the wacko couple, we had presents-"
Sam didn't have a response to that, so he stayed quiet, just looking at the dark amber liquid in his glass. Dean is doing the same, but contemplating if he wants to continue to speak, it takes a couple of minutes before he picks up the courage to continue.
"So get this, I think that there might be a case in Baraga County, Michigan. There have been a series of suspicious drowning over the last few days that corners are officially ruling accidents and suicides, but I'm not so sure." Sam starts as he rearranges his laptop to face Dean showing both the map of the region and the news article speculating about the deaths.
"I don't know, man; there are a lot of creatures that are associated with water and by proxy with drownings, kelpies, water sprites, fairies, mermaids. It might be a siren, but if it is, it isn't like one we've ever encountered before. When I was going some digging, it appeared that this area has really deep ancient roots to Europe, so I looked at Europe specific monsters, but there wasn't much to go on, at least not in English. The closet I got was something called a Rusalka."
"I can't promise you that everything will one-hundred percent be alright, but we are going to do our best and do everything it takes to ensure that what Marion told us doesn't have to come to pass. If there is one thing I learned from the apocalypse over a decade ago is that plans and situations change, we are already off-script, and there is nothing that has been brought to light that indicates that there isn't a way to save the children." Cas has Dean's full attention, Blue eyes boring into Green, conveying meaning into every last word. "Those children are Winchesters, they are resilient, won't go down without a fight, and if they are anything like their Father will not take anyone's word for it that there isn't a way out of a situation. I said this when I killed Billy before she became Death, but I'll repeat it, this world needs every last Winchester it can get its hands-on, and I will not let any of you die, not as long as I'm alive to do anything about it."
It takes Dean a moment to shed the sleep from his brain, and flashes from the night before start filtering in, and in an instant is overwhelmed with the waterfall of emotions that punch into his gut unexpectantly.
"You're lying," the smirk in DJ's voice has Dean remembering that he's basically a lie detector. Great, because that isn't going to cause any problems at all.
"Okay, so for this to work, the entire perimeter of the water needs to be linked together by sigils, they need to be powerful, but they also need to remain unseen."
This chapter and the next one were originally supposed to be one chapter but I got inspired by everything that's happened over the last week and added a LOT and still had to cut scenes because they were too out of place.
"Where should we start?" Cas asks from his regular seat in the back. He's been spending the drive so far, simply staring at Mation in the rearview mirror, examining her to some extent while she pretends not to notice.
"I picked up lots of food; there is always at least double what we need, I'm indecisive when ordering food." Jack just grinned at Marion and DJ, which must be contagious because they started smiling and relaxing a bit more as well.
"Where did you get that? It should be'at the bunker?" Sam's expression transitioning into one more of suspicion and accusation. Marion turns her gaze away from her father to address her uncle, doing her best to keep herself together and remain calm.
"She started talking in a roundabout way when Cas starting inquiring about this James person; I don't think James actually exists."
"No... I don't even know what to say to him right now. I think... I think you should go talk with him; he's probably running things through his brain that he won't want to talk to me about... he might talk to you." Sam finally chokes out the words. He couldn't possibly try and console his brother or help him through his thoughts when he couldn't even get control over himself.
Both of the kids shake their heads now looking a little uneasy with how to proceed, both Cas and Jack move a bit closer to where the duo are sitting in an effort to try and figure out or sense what they are.
Because as scared Dean is about being a Father, what's more, terrifying is the prospect of not being one anymore.
"Marion was definitely trying to hide something about the person that DJ's meeting; it was alluded to that he was getting into something dangerous and that his impulsiveness was going to get him into trouble or killed. She said some other stuff about him having something to live for but not being sure if that something was going to hurt him. It seemed like it was more than just a basic girlfriend issue."
Sam was in the passenger seat, looking like he was ready to bolt out of the car any second to confront whoever or whatever approaches the teenager. Still, Dean was a little antsy, not liking that he's basically on a stakeout with his son as the target.
Team Free Will 2.0 work the case, Death finds something out of place, and there is a surprising reveal!
They stood awkwardly for a few minutes, trying to see if they could spot any obvious outliers before the event officially started, but so far, nothing looked out of place. They were only waiting about fifteen minutes before a young woman dressed as some kind of character. Dean didn't recognize came onto the stage to provide an introduction to the event. People then started coming up on stage and performing their poetry; Dean actively tuned them out, instead, looking at the patrons' reactions to see if anybody stood out as acting odd or was taking tom much of an interest in one of the performers.
DJ looks from Cas to Dean, but then his eyes linger on Sam for a moment longer as he tries to collect his thoughts to figure out how to explain it.
"I honestly thought when I found this case that it would be a simple one, and yet this is one of the more involved cases that we've had in a while," Sam says with a slight frown.
"So you're also kind of Cas' kids." Sam was now smirking, obviously finding the new information humorous, but it was unclear if his amusement was just a coping mechanism or not.
Before Cas could answer, Sam, cut in, "About 5 1/2 hours, we're about a half-hour out from Baraga County, we agreed that you should sleep for as long as you could, you needed rest."
Sam watches the exchange with wide eyes. Marion's tone is careful like she was talking to a small child, which Jack kind of is Sam thinks to himself. Sam's heart squeezes a little tighter because Marion reminds him so much of Dean, the facial expression, the older sibling's way of speaking, and overall demeanor. DJ may look more like Dean, but it's obvious who got more of the personality traits.
"So, what do we know so far about the deaths?" Dean asked before taking another bite of his breakfast burrito.
"Um, we don't have all of them, but we have a good portion of them, you can look at them later if you want," DJ replies, which brings Sam back into action.
Dean missed his mother, has had nightmares of her death since it happened, yet he knew, he knew deep in his bones that Mary wouldn't even hesitate to forgive Jack for what he'd done because she had loved him too and would recognize that it wasn't his fault. Forgiveness, of course, forgiveness is complicated because can you ever truly forgive an action that caused you such pain, but this wasn't just another person. It was his son, who was his responsibility. Instead of finding the courage to deal with that responsibility, he decided to take the easy way out and choose to believe the right course of action was killing his own son. That is what should be unforgivable.
She flips to the point where one colour ends and the other one starts, flipping to make sure she isn't missing any text that might be hidden in the pages. There is only a date written on that page, but reading it would make her blood run cold.
"Why." Billie's voice was sharp like it could cut through glass, not finding Amara's stalling amusing.
Sam doesn't see, but the three kids just exchange glances with one another and simply sit back against the back of the couch to watch the screen. Not saying another word and the air finally feels lighter, and Sam begrudgingly smiles a bit at the thought that maybe things will work out.
"I guess all of this is settled then, might as well get to work; sooner we fix this case, the sooner we get to follow the yellow brick road home."
Strangely, the poetry venue was the one place they’ve found thus far that wasn’t 100% decked out for the holidays, make no mistake, there were decorations, but the quantity of them made the bar seem almost bare in comparison to the rest of the twinkling town of Christmas crazy. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming mostly filled will a younger crowd; at the back, the bartender was quite busy fixing what looked like specialty cocktails; one of them had a candy cane.
"As I said, intention matters, especially with magic; your thoughts need to be what you want to happen and then will it so. Jamie explains it like-"
"I'm grateful for the extra time I got with her, though, even though we didn't see eye to eye the majority of the time she was back because the important thing is that she was back. I can take solace in knowing that her being back wasn't apart of God's plan his sister gave me that with no preamble, God's just responsible for taking her away again."
"Is this it?" Dean asks, glancing around to see if he can pick up on anything out of place or strange.
"Wait... you had a dream, like Jack's, and you didn't tell us!? Sam was now glaring at his brother with a fraction of worry and hurt in his eyes, tired of the lying and omission of details.
They separate, and suddenly Jack's there giving both Marion and DJ a hug, seemingly copying Sam's actions, and conveying a silent message, none of them are really good with expressing feelings, but words aren't the only way to get a message across.
Two hours later, she observes Dean Winchester finally leaving the building and walking to his car. While it shouldn't have surprised her, the Winchester's appearance was shocking, at least compared to what he looked like the last time she had seen him. It wasn't just that he was over two decades younger, but his soul was lighter and was without scars, having not yet been to Hell. It's curious to think who the man before her would have turned out without God's interference.
"Ya, I get that. I don't want to lose any more people. But that was your highlight from being in the empty? No other problems?
Dean wills his face to remain stoic, but he can tell he's not entirely successful from the small smirk playing on his son's face.
Dean, of course, opted to take the couch as even though it could technically fit Sam, it wouldn't really be comfortable. Jack was given the other bedroom because the kid deserves to be comfortable during this trip, that, and he was amazed by the decorations as despite having a Queen sized bed, the room was clearly meant for Santa believing children.
The bar itself was pretty packed with what looked like a mix of locals and tourists that came for the festival, though it was hard to tell them apart given that they were all dressed up; Dean suddenly felt extremely out of place; they shouldn’t have changed out of their FBI get up before coming. A couple of long tables were crammed with as many people that could fit on the benches and a scattering of smaller tables occupied by what looked like groups of friends even the bar stools were occupied. They were given a few questionings looks by people, but nobody questioned their presence, which Dean was thankful for.
Jack was the most unphased about the whole child reveal a thing, which honestly shouldn't be surprising since he himself was born and then transformed into the body of a young 20 something in a matter of seconds. Nothing could really phase Jack, at least not really in so many ways; he's so childlike, but he's almost too wise for his age in others.
"We apparently have Amara on our side, Death on our side, and the Empty on our side, or at; east, they have pledged their allegiance against Chuck. There are only two possibilities, one, we lose against Chuck, but the entire world gets destroyed in the process with no guarantee than Heaven or Hell will exist either. Or, we win and have a chance for actual downtime without the world constantly being at risk of ending. Might as well start making plans. We deserve to be happy."
Coming face to face with family they've never met, their own father, Sam remembers meeting his mom for the first time and being so overwhelmed and having expectations; he can't imagine knowing your family is alive and not being able actually to know them until you're prepared to die.
"Yes, its goal was to catch me off guard but also torment me with a familiar face; I thought it was actually her for a moment. It was startling to see her form; she shouldn't have had to die." Cas responds truthfully.
He turns towards where the voices were coming from, and his mind momentarily goes blank because it wasn't just Sam Jack and Cas in the dining room area; Marion and DJ were also there chatting away while eating breakfast. Someone must have run out to get. It's almost surreal to look at because it's so domestic, so normal.
"Naomi used my Grace; she must have kept a portion of it when she was using her mind control; it probably made her job easier having constant access to my grace." Castiel paused, looking away from Dean and to the kids on the couch. "I can see it now; it's actually why your souls look so similar to Dean's with the way I had to patch him up when I rescued him from hell."
"Dean," Cas repeats more softly, and Dean's not sure if it was the change in tone, or merely the repetitive use of his name, but he slowly opens his eyes wet with tears to look at Cas.
"So, your brother is going to go meet a contact?" Sam asks when he sees an opening in the conversation.
Before she leaves, she casts a fleeting look at Castiel. While he may be millennia old, his posture and overall demeanour make him look much older, like his vessel is failing, and with his waning grace, she supposes it is.  He did kill her, the cosmic consequence, of course, her becoming Death, so in a way, she ought to thank him, but Castiel's happiness isn't really her problem; it's the empty's.
"As much as it hurts to have my soul back, I'm glad to be able to feel my emotions again like my love you Dean and Sam," Jack whispers softly as he shifts to get more comfortable.
Flashback between Amara and Naomi explaining the plan and then the kids reveal more about themselves to Team Free Will 2.0, including why their existence disrupts Chuck's plan, leaving everyone else is horror.
"Basically what I told Dean and Sam last night was that they are a shape-shifting water spirit originating from Finland. They feed off of sacrificing people's happiness in order to protect the lakes, which are their homes."
There was another pause, and it was evident that Dean wasn't going to jump into the conversation just yet, so Cas continued.
It was around 1 pm when they finally pulled away from the bunker, Dean driving, Sam in the passenger seat, and Cas and Jack squeezed in the back seat. Unlike most road trips towards a case, there wasn't much discussion about the actual case itself. There appeared to have been some unspoken rule to keep the conversation light, at least for the time being. This is how Dean had been convinced an hour into their journey to play Christmas music, Sam claiming that it fits the 'mood' of the case and that they should enjoy the little things; Dean also heard his brother mutter 'while we can' under his breath. While Dean would have preferred to say no outright, he caught Jack's cautiously hopeful look in the rearview mirror and decided to go with it.
"I this feeling in my chest though, the thought of losing you, I don't want anyone else to die, screw it being a part of growing up, I don't want to live in a world where I get to outlive everyone I love, especially when you're in a position where I might not even get the chance to say goodbye." Jack choked out the last few words; his eyes are red from the amount of crying, but the tears have stopped, having cried himself dry.
"Souls indeed are one of a kind for each and every individual, but there can be generational similarities among strong lines, especially when there is interference," Cas answered softly, momentarily taking a look at Dean.
They end up just grabbing plates, bowls, glasses, and silverware from the kitchen to treat the massive amount of food as a buffet-style, everyone taking a few items for themselves as well as portioning some of the items if they didn't want to take the entire thing. Cas opted to eat the lemon ice with peaches despite not needing to eat, but the molecules were the simplest and thus just resulted in a mildly sweet taste but still tasting bland compared to anyone else eating it. Sam and Dean filled Jack in on what he had missed before coming back to the lodge resulting in the Nephilim looking like he was about to burst with questions that were pushed off until they were at least finished eating.
"Ya, we're coming," They answered in unison, both showcasing a small smile, which causes the knot that's been in Dean's stomach to disappear.
"Jack, look at me." Cas urged while shifting a little closer hoping the proximity would help calm Jack. "First, Mary loved you, and it has taken me a long time to understand that you don't get to determine or dictate how others feel about you for better or for worse. She loved you because she saw you like family, and your actions do not eliminate that fact because it was an accident. If Mary were here right now, she would tell you so and tell you that you need to not just focus on others' forgiveness, but you also need to be able to forgive yourself for what happened. You don't have to forget what happened or stop feeling remorse, but you need to determine how you can move forward and keep living.
As always I live for comments, critiques etc, I'm in the process of editing the previous 6 chapters for readability but no major changes will be made.
"I know that trying to find a way to take down God is our top priority, but we've been searching for any kind of sign of Chuck for the last couple days, and we haven't been contacted by anyone either. I think I found us a case if you're feeling up to it?" Sam rattles off as he sits down at the table, pushing his laptop just off to the side so Dean could place coffee and a plate in front of him stacked with pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns, and bacon. Sam took notice that he was given egg whites and turkey bacon, unlike his brother, whose plate was filled with more unhealthy options.
"However, we were slightly wrong about the information that we provided you last night because we were working on the assumption that the Nakki that are in Finland would be exactly the same as the ones we found here."
They take a rental car into town; Sam had lost the three rounds of rock paper scissors to determine who would drive, so he's sitting in the passenger seat like usually, only this time it's his niece driving the car. It shouldn't surprise Sam that Mation drives like Dean, but it does, but for him, it's also weird because her posture is a bit more like Cas in some ways. How she holds herself, and the squinting, his brain almost short-circuited when both she and Cas gave him the same look, they may not be biologically related. Still, she definitely is related to Cas in some capacity. He should probably ask more questions on how the hole Grace/Soul thing works.
"Look, it's complicated, and I'd rather we didn't discuss this in an alley where anyone can come across us; we have answers for you, but we should do so in a more secure location; we're staying at the same motel, we can talk there.
"You were fine for a while before you started to look aggravated in your sleep; you were mumbling something along the lines of 'not again, I don't want to see this again,' I tried to stop it, but I seem not to have enough power right now, and you became peaceful again for another half hour before becoming rigid. I've been trying to wake you up for a couple of minutes." Cas relayed his lips, turning into a deeper frown when he finished talking.
"I bugged the motorcycle that he took off on, Cas is somehow distracting Marion and Jack for the time being, and they've been given the story that we have some last-minute things we just want to check out."
"I thought souls were unique like fingerprints; how could they bear any resemblance to mine?" Sam was the one to ask because Dean was just looking at the strangers, pieces of a puzzle starting to come together in his mind, but his common sense was trying to reject the full picture. He really looked at them now, seeing all the little things, the boy's green eyes, the shape of the jaw, his haircut, the girl's freckles, and facial expressions. He was now just starring at them in shock while Cas and Sam continued.
"Thanks, we'll be going now." Sam blurted quickly, taking the Sherriff's file and turning to leave Dean following on his tail.
She shouldn't be surprised by the luxury in which she finds Amara, a penthouse suite, and Amara simply looks up from where she was watching TV.
"I've read what DJ deemed the most relevant since there is no way I was reading over 300 books if I didn't have to, but even then, I skipped around, I was more interested in the journal."
The forty-minute mark passes, and at this point, the brothers are starting to think maybe DJ's been stood up, but the teenager still looks unbothered, unmoving from his position against the motorcycle that, if Dean was honest, was a little jealous of. John had always been venomously against motorcycles since they came with unnecessary risk, something hunters don't need on top of the basic danger of being a hunter.
Jack looks at each of the men standing in the room, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to formulate a sentence that would be appropriate for this moment, but nothing comes out.
"Cas, it's not your fault, and with a giant fight on the horizon, I'm tired of feeling angry at you; I told you in purgatory, we're good, I don't want to lose my best friend before the end of the world," Dean said honestly looking Cas in the eye.
"For some Christmas is about providing for other's either in the way of gift-giving or volunteering time or donating money to charitable causes; other's see it as a time to celebrate life in general and to reflect on the years that past; some find it as a time more reconnection with those things and people you've lost touch with," Cas explained carefully, making sure the choose his wording wisely as to educate but not confuse Jack.
"Don't be silly; it's the gift of giving my dear boy; enjoy the festivities, and don't hesitate to ask if you need anything!"
As the room starts shaping, she practically runs off the stage and starts moving towards the exit, grabbing whom she described as her brother on the way.
"I don't trust easy, but I haven't been given a reason not to if that's what you're asking. James's information is invaluable, and honestly, it's someone else that DJ can talk to, not exactly healthy when it's just us."
They found an empty place at the back of the venue, close to the bar and out of the way, providing them with a good vantage point to conduct surveillance on the entire area as it gave them a view of both exits, the floor, and the stage.
The kids look at each other for a moment, "Not to have to bring up the past or anything, but remember when Chuck was just Chuck to you? Remember why you didn't like him even in the first place?"
"Once they are all in the water, there are specific iron-rich sedimentary rocks that need to be thrown into the water accompanied by a spell. This will keep them at bay and trapped in the water and also incapacitate them from being able to fight back. The rocks will also function in a way to purify the water to prevent my future goers from dying and becoming Nakki themselves. Where they differ from a spirit and are more related to  Djinn is that actually to kill them is they need to be either shot or stabbed with silver, but the medium doesn't have to be dipped in lambs blood."
"Hmm," Cas acknowledged as he stumbled forward through the thick forest brush. This is definitely the most secluded crime scene, so hopefully, it will bear more clues than the other three.
"This has been worked on my some of the most powerful witches alive and also myself, this talisman will block you from prying eyes including other angels, demons and even god, the power, unfortunately, is only good for 90 days from this point but will work retroactively as it is date specific not day-specific meaning that the talismans will continue to work when you travel to the past and the alternate universe. Magic can be a frustrating thing at times." Amara tells Naomi as the latter looks down at the jewelry now lying across their chest.
"We have already said this, but we are going to ensure that what you say doesn't have to happen." Cas's voice is firm, the intention of not allowing there to be an argument clear.
"That's impossible-" Sam starts, but Dean cuts him off, "no, it's not," Dean grunts out, voice low, looking at the floor almost like he meant it to be a whisper, but his voice didn't get the memo.
"How can they forgive me after everything I've done? I just don't understand," Jack mumbles, looking down at his hands.
"I don't know, maybe? Are any of us really ever going to be alright even after all this if over, if we're even alive at that point?" Dean responded before taking another sip from his glass.
Tears were starting to fall down Jack's face again, and as such, Castiel moved from the desk chair to sit on the edge of Jack's bed.
"It was given to our guardian at the time they were given the mission to ensure we were born, I don't know how they got it, but they mentioned that it was an heirloom of sorts but also would warn us if God was around us." DJ cut in, his response was firm in tone, but there was hesitation evident in his voice as if he was scared to say the wrong thing and elicit a bad reaction from the men in front of him.
It doesn't take him long to reach the beach area, five minutes at most, and is then is painfully aware that he didn't actually think this through. Even with it being the middle of July, the air was crisp enough to indicate it would be too cold to go in the water. Dean shifts on his feet for a moment before deicing to throw caution to the wind and begins to kick off his shoes and remove his socks.
Dean suddenly wants to burrow himself deeper into the couch in order to not deal with reality, but that's not realistic. He can't even afford to take the time to process last night since they still need to do what they came here for, kill the monster that's been drowning people.
"I was 18... I wasn't... I thought the picket fence isn't a life for a hunter, so I'd figure I'd make my mark another way? I don't know, man, I needed the money." Dean answers, not taking his eyes off his brother, but suddenly startles himself with a thought and turns back to the kids sitting on the couch.
"I'm not going to pretend that I know what you're going through because even by our standards, what you've been through is fucked up, but, Cas was right, we aren't going to go down without a fight, and we protect one another, that includes the two of you now," Sam speaks as Jack lets go of his hold on Marion and DJ.
There is a comfortable silence for the remainder of the drive, but Dean keeps thinking about the mysterious woman. Is it the same person that visited Jack, was it just his mind playing tricks on him, was it even real. He feels slightly guilty about not telling the other's, but there really wasn't much to know, at least not yet, and what was the woman referring to? He doesn't see what's right in front of him; he scoffs to himself in his head and turns to look out the window at the sunrise, listening to Cas mutter to himself about the Enochian text he was reading.
They eventually reach the point where the Impala could go no further, at least not without risking getting stuck or damaged. Dean's not fond of the idea of leaving Baby in the middle of nowhere but acknowledged that there wasn't another option; also, it was highly unlikely for anyone to come across her.
DJ gives him an almost apologetic smile, "Naomi had brought them with her. Apparently, Amara thought it would be a good way for us to get to know you, kind of since they don't include everything about you, but it was able to provide a lot more history than Naomi was able to provide."
"No... because what I do remember was that your plan wasn't enough; it wasn't enough to catch him off his game; the plays are not out of the realm of imagination from what I gathered. You needed something else..." Amara paused, training her gaze to be as intimidating as possible.
"Wait, how do you even know about that? I wouldn't think Naimi would have known unless they were able to get a hold of Gabriel's memories somehow..." Sam trails of seeing the guilty and embarrassed expression on the kid's faces.
"Jack, I know that it doesn't feel like it right now, but everything will be alright, as alright as it can be, in these circumstances anyway," Cas says as he looks down at his son. The kid has curled himself up into a ball tangled up under the number of blankets on his bed. Looking closer, Cas can see that Jack's eyes are still puffy from crying, and his posture was still a bit stiff.
"Billie, you may be Death now, you may understand everything in theory going back to the creation of Death itself, but you don't have much practice. You are going to need every distraction, every weapon, every person you can get your hands on to finally allow this world to be at peace, to be paradise."
Without the Winchester's he wouldn't know the feeling or understand what it meant to fight for what he believes in, understand that sometimes that rebelling against direct orders is the right thing to do and to follow blindly can lead to ignorance and complicity. If Jack had been born 15 years ago, he probably would have been a part of the garrison ordered to destroy him and probably would have worked to fulfill that mission. That creates an uneasy feeling in Cas' chest; he owes the Winchester's everything because, without them, he wouldn't know real family, and he wouldn't feel the love he has for his son; even more importantly, Jack wouldn't even be alive without the Winchesters.
"No, just someone that can read people like a book like you, for example, and I know about lots of things, but I'd say that's none of your business. Anyway, be sure to enjoy the festivities." The kid says with a fake cheerful smile and turns to walk away.
"Do you understand that you may have single-handedly compromised the integrity of the plan that was already in motion? That you may have, in fact, just handed your brother the win?
Sam turns his computer back to face him for a moment before turning it around again; it looked like a zoomed-in photo.
"I will tell them eventually, but as things, as they are present, I don't think that my deal with the empty is of any real concern presently, that much hasn't changed." Cas murmured, trying to push away any thoughts regarding the conversation he just had with the empty. "I can still feel relief, hope, inspiration, love, interest, pride, joy, gratification and contentment, feelings I must point out I'm still getting used to after all this time. But true happiness to the point I forget about everything else isn't in the cards at the moment."
Dean and Sam just look on dumbfounded; this was not what they were expecting at all. Except when James finishes with the blade and hands the items back to DJ, DJ's, for lack of a better description, lights up. The brothers couldn't see all that well from this far away but could tell DJ's face split into a grin, and then the brothers were paralyzed as they watch DJ lean down and kiss James. And not in a way that was over the top or lust-driven but something softer, with more emotions behind it, like both parties were afraid the other was going to disappear.
"That was part of Chuck's interference; he caught wind that you had gone there a few years after it happened and, I don't know how he does it, wrote it in his script that there was a localized fire? Amara, however, had our guardian go back to the day that you visited and stole... your stuff." Marian expressed slowly trailing off towards the end, becoming a little uncomfortable at the thought of her Father's sperm.
Naturally, DJ takes the lead since he's the only one who truly knows where they are going. Meanwhile, Jack is rattling off questions about DJ and Marion's time travelling, learning both fighting techniques and lore, mythology, and participating in various hunts with international hunters.
"I believe that it is a potato or corn starch processed into flake form, quite clever actually since the starch will dissolve in heavy rain, making it much more eco-friendly than some of the alternatives," Cas explains as he ducks to avoid hitting his head on a giant candy cane.
Sam turns his computer around to show the crime scene photos he hacked from the local police department.
The two of them worked with a comfortable feeling between them, working mostly in silence or making small talk which considering it was between an Angel and a Nephilim, went pretty okay. Jack even asked some follow up questions about what the holidays are like for Angels and heaven, wanting to know more about heaven and how it used to work since it had fundamentally changed over the last 15 years.
"Now, we came here with a job to do, and we still haven't made enough progress. Remember that I need to seduce the ring leader so we can kill them tonight." Marion's tone and demeanour did a 180, and suddenly she was back on case mode.
" Secondly, families fight, that is a normal thing to happen, look at the disagreements between Sam and Dean, especially when they are trying to take care of one another. Furthermore, while you cannot simply be called a child due to the complicated reality of your upbringing and existence, for all intents and purposes, you are a child. Kids arguing with authority or guardians are common and expected, and you haven't even been given the proper amount of time to adjust to your human side fully. I read in a parenting book before you were born that  'tantrums usually don't cause concern and generally stop on their own. As kids mature, they gain self-control. They learn to cooperate, communicate, and cope with frustration.'
Cas sits down in the desk chair as Jack gets into bed, he had stopped crying, but his cheeks are still stained with tears, the young man looking more hollow now than he did without his soul.
Jack nodded again and allowed himself to be steered out of the room by Cas, heading towards his bedroom.
Amara feels the warding she set up ripple as someone bypasses them; her posture straitens from the slouch position against the railing but remains relaxed with her eyes closed. The click-clacking of heals hitting the marble floor reach Amara. The new arrival had a signature walk, feline and graceful. Her stride measured, one stiletto placed delicately in front of the other, like a prowling tigress stalking prey. Of course, there was no actual prey in this case.
"James is currently using his contacts in order to source the right type of rocks and to ensure the spell he found will indeed work. Depending on how far away he is, I'll meet him probably half way to collect the goods. He's already in the state, but he needs to be in Quebec at some point tomorrow morning." DJ responds, and Sam just nods.
"We actually came across this case last year, but at the time, we didn't really think anything of it. While the number of drownings and the time frame of them seemed a bit suspicious in the long run for the region, it wasn't that odd for people to die by drowning close to Christmas due to people doing stupid things on bodies of water that aren't completely frozen. It wasn't until the cases over the last week that they started listing some of them as suicides due to Christmas stress, but the Christmastime Suicide spike is a myth. Actually, recent studies from several countries show that rates in December and on Christmas, in particular, tend to be the lowest of the year..." DJ trails off when he realizes he's rambling, and everyone is watching him.
The two kids raised their hands and looked at Sam with clear fear in their eyes even if they were trying to hide it; it was clear they were now trapped.
"Nope, we are not talking about this anymore, end of the discussion, those books do not exist, and please, for the love of anybody that's not chuck, do NOT tell Dean you know about the books.
But, no matter what emotions he's feeling, his situation isn't the most important in the room, because no matter how much confusion, anger, frustration, fear, longing that he's feeling, it can't possibly match what the two kids must be feeling right now.
"This town is already too freaking weird," Dean mutters to himself as he walks back to the Impala, which is parked as far away from the front office as possible.
"I said that she cared for me, and I can tell that she did, but I didn't deserve it; I didn't deserve the time and effort she put in because even with my soul, I was fighting with her when all she wanted to do was help me." Jack cried.
Finally, there is a rumble of another car turning into the parking lot, which parks a couple of spaces down from where DJ was. The brothers have now tensed up in anticipation as they watch the engine gets turned off, and then the door opens.
"You're the girl from my nightmare; you were there towards the end, I think you told me to wake up."
The tension in the room grows as nobody says anything, all four Winchester's just staring at each other, not knowing where to continue the conversation. But Cas was looking at the children thoughtfully like he was trying to figure out a puzzle that didn't quite fit.
There was dead silence in the car. The brother's just trying to process what was happening in front of them; they eventually both let do of the door handles they had in a vice grip and just sat back in their seats, watching the scene with wide eyes.
Dean doesn't catch all three of the kids shooting glances as Cas or the slight flinch that Cas exhibits.
As Naomi flicks the coin, the pit combusts into flames, and the sigils are glowing a deep angry red; as soon as the coin makes contact with the fire, she feels more than sees the powerful surge of energy as the rift is erected from the ground.
"And I spiked the eggnog; I remember Dean. And I'm all for doing it again. Let's hope the overall outcome is different and not let our guard down, though, not when we don't really know what Chuck's up to."
"Chuck may have dictated some of the major plays, but he doesn't control every action that we make. Dean once asked me what was real, and I'll tell you the same thing I told him, 'we are.' Cas comforted, looking directly in Jack's eyes.
"I guess I have to tell you that Ben, Lisa Breaden's son wasn't your child, though you probably figured that out yourself years ago since his name hadn't appeared on Cain's list, he would have if he had been your descendent. Also, Emma didn't count because she was an Amazon and held no real risk of disrupting Chuck's plan."
Sam sees the movement from the corner of his eye and turns just to see Cas falling forward, enveloping Marion in a hug, looking like it would probably be crushing her if she were just a normal human being.
"The monster you're looking for it's called a näkki ." She answers, simply picking at one of her nails, not looking at anyone.
They were all sitting around the dining room table, eating the breakfast that Sam had fetched from the closest fast food place while having information about the case and various lore scattered across the table.
"Maybe, or at least found something strange; at both the second and third crime scenes, the footprints we found were of a man and a woman, but none of the footprints match each other."
Dean sees Sam sit down at the table in his periphery, and his brother's fighting doesn't go unnoticed.
Sam and Dean drive to the sheriff's office, which actually shares a building with the city hall, which would have been fine if the city hall wasn't decked out to be Santa's workshop/house.
"That doesn't even really leave us much to go on; I mean 19th century Europe, the odds of figuring out who that girl was is worse than trying to find a specific needle in a needle stack."
It seems that there should be so much more to say, to go over, and to get out, but at this moment, they are both okay, and that's all that matters.
"We'll get out of your hair." Marion says as she and her brother go to get up but were met with a chorus of four 'No's.' Resulting in the kids faltering and not knowing whom to look at.
"Do you still have access to the books? I've never been given a chance to read any of the writings, I despise Chuck, but I've always wanted to know more about their lives before I came around. Dean's always been very vocal about his rules about them not being discussed." Sam can hear Jack ask.
DJ just nods and walks towards the group of trees he was originally working on, but Dean didn't miss the hint of a smile on his face.
The monster lets out a blood-curdling wail, and all of a sudden, there isn't just one monster in the water dozens start to pop up. Dean throws the rock he was holding into the water and sees everyone else the same.
"An elf who's a dentist, strange," Cas mutters to himself, he may know the plot of Rudolph in theory, but it doesn't mean he understands why an elf would be a dentist.
"You have Angel Grace." Jack breaths in wonder, eyes growing a little large, everyone in the room now trying to digest that piece of information; really, this is a lot all at once.
The forest hums with life from the flowers to the insects, to the birds singing sweetly far up in the trees. The sun breaks through the cracks, lighting up the small clearing decorated with outgrown roots, wildflowers, and fallen leaves. Naomi took in the fragrance of minty grass and damp earth, her senses becoming more vibrant as she suppressed her grace in an effort to save it. She was now sitting on a fallen tree, having made it as deep into the Tilden Nature Area as she could within the four hours since performing the spell on the hex bag.
"Yep." DJ looked like he desperately wanted this line of conversation to stop, and surprisingly Dean felt compelled to take pity on him, at least for now.
"What about other angels? You talk about the Winchester's; why not choose Castiel for your plan? If the Winchester's are that important, why not go right to the source and use the angel already directly aligned to them." Naomi questioned, still confused about what this plan actually entails as really there hasn't been much information given up until this point.
Cas drives as close to the final crime scene as possible, but it still means that they have about a fifteen-minute hike to get to the right location.
"Cas, what is it? You're kind of freaking me out. Are they dangerous?" Dean asked, becoming more and more on edge at Cas' behaviour.
Both of the kids seem to shrink a little into the couch as all three of the older adults in the room are now looking at them with various degrees of questioning looks.
"I'm talking about the interference, and you are jeopardizing the plan against your brother, how the hell you think I wouldn't notice books being added to my library, how you think you can get away with creating-" Billie had started in on her rant but was abruptly cut off.
"I'm not exactly letting my guard down, but I want to enjoy myself a bit; I think we've all earned that at this point, so I'm not going to worry about every little thing until there is a galaxy damn good reason to."
"Well, that at least gives us some clue into who we should be looking for, but are you sure it will be the same Nakki hunting?"
"Those were just suicides, and unfortunate accidents happen all the time around Christmas, nothing to worry about." The man rebukes cheerfully. "Hey, Delilah, go get these boys a pass to the Kris Kringles Kakes and Kookies Karnival."
"We are in freakin crazy town," Dean mutters, walking up to the man with Sam's only response being to elbow him in the ribs, hard.
Jack didn't need to understand ballet in order to appreciate the performance because all he saw was the breadth of human emotions being portrayed without a single word being said, which presents itself as a learning opportunity. He was just happy to spend some time doing something normal with his family.
Suddenly Dean tenses, afraid that Sam will take this moment to start a heart to heart moment, but he doesn't. Sam's face shows slight astonishment, no doubt in response to Dean's words and actions, but there is a slight smile and a smile conveying pride.
"Well then, you are going to have to try our all of our pie varieties then, to figure out what one's the best, you know, for science." Gentle flirting, this is what she can deal with, just need to maintain his interest.
Jack turns in that direction and starts walking towards the candy store and disappears inside before Cas even has the thought to follow him in.
"Ya kid, we figure everyone needs a break from the all-consuming situation which is Chuck; it would be good for us to get out of the bunker and go try and solve a generic case, like the Scooby gang getting back together again." Dean pauses before grinning and turning to his brother, "Hey, remember when we got to help the actual scooby gang?" Dean reminisces, "that was fucking awesome." Sam simply shakes his head at his brother and turns back to his laptop.
"No, they said they would meet us back at the lodge around Dinner time, they only got one potential lead from the sheriff's department, so they are going to check that out." All around, people were rushing to, and fro, most of them wearing some kind of Christmas themed attire; Cas had to admit it was quaint.
To make things worse, it seems Marion knew what her brother had been up to because she was all telling looks when DJ got back; though she did try to hide her reactions, she basically has his face, so it's not hard to read it. He also had to school his features not to blush or react in any way when he noticed a hickey poking out from under the collar of DJ's shirt. He DID NOT want to think about how that got there, not at all.
"They encourage the drowning of people because they can harness the power of a soul to preserve the natural environment around them. You've seen the nature scenes and the numerous bodies of water around, that's not a coincidence, this area was originally settled by Finnish immigrants which unknowingly brought the Näkki to America."
Dean wracked his brain for a moment, trying to connect the dots when suddenly he's pulled into memory.
He doesn't want to dwell on the empty's words, and yet they have become a nagging voice at the back of his head. If the empty is correct and there isn't any need for him in her grand plan, then what was his purpose here other than wanting to stay here as long as possible. If anything, it makes him expendable, which causes an unsettling feeling within Castiel.
"What the hell are you," Sam demands as hid finger twitches towards the trigger; Dean doesn't raise his weapon but holds onto it just in case.
" I love you too, Jack," Castiel whispers as he starts to rub soothing circles on Jack's back, such a human gesture that would have never crossed Cas' mind a decade ago. Cas thinks back to his old self, the steadfast foot soldier of heaven following orders left and right; it seems like a completely different entity compared to who he is now. He's become softer and, for lack of a better description, more human, feeling more human compared to Angel each and every day, and surprisingly that doesn't bother Cas.
The kid in question walks up to the mic looking a little uncomfortable. He looked out at the crowd for a moment before starting to talk. "Hi there, my name's DJ; I was going to read something that I had written but uh nothing really seemed to fit, so I'm reading a poem that my guardian used to read to my sister and me when she wanted to convey how we could change the world. I like to think that we still will someday."
Dean stops talking to take another sip from his glass; he can feel himself becoming more inebriated, not knowing exactly how many drinks he's had at this point.
As he gets pulled from the memory, Sam's smile starts to be replaced by a frown. Why let us be so happy just to rip it from us over and over again? It's the long term planning that truly makes Sam sick to his stomach. He's starting to feel like one of those teenagers in dystopian teen dramas, given that his life is just one big story. At least Voldemort was upfront about his plans and values, unlike God.
"Fuck I know that; it just hurts, after 30 years, I finally get her back, but she didn't even want to be here because she didn't know where she fit into our world. That hurt more than having her be dead for over three decades, but then she was gone again. It was just a big cosmic game."
Cas steadied himself, might not have had a particularly fond history with Naomi, but they had come to an understanding, they were still their sibling, and it appears her last act was to protect Winchester's, something that he would have laughed at the thought of. Her dying to save Winchester's when she had initially had Castiel kill hundreds of copies of one. A bit ironic.
The woman finishes, but as she does, her eyes find Dean's, and like that, the looks of anger and frustration she had while reading the poem turned into a look of almost fear with a flicker of something else. Honestly, she looks like she just saw a ghost.
"God created free will. That means creatures that can either choose wrong or right. Some people think they can imagine a creature which was free but had no possibility of going wrong, but I can't. If a thing is free to be good, it's also free to be bad. And free will is what has made evil possible. Why, then, did God give them free will? Because free will, though it makes evil possible, is also the only thing that makes possible any love or goodness or joy worth having. A world of automata -of creatures that worked like machines- would hardly be worth creating. The happiness which God designs for His higher creatures is the happiness of being freely, voluntarily united to Him and to each other in an ecstasy of love and delight. The most rapturous love between two people on this earth is mere milk and water. And for that, they've got to be free." Amara paused and sighed, looking a little defeated, high contrast to what she was like only a few short years ago.
"In case God comes and tries to get you on his side again, that way, even if he does try to look, there isn't anything to see."
Continuing to clean their weapons, Dean only briefly glances up before returning to his task. "He left about ten minutes ago to go meet up with this James person to grab the rest of what we need to kill the things tonight."
He's been told time and time again by his brethren that the Winchester's and if he's honest, more specifically Dean, have made him weak over time, but he doesn't see it that way. If anything, being associated with the Winchester's has made him stronger, made him a better angel, and in general, just a better being. Without Winchester's, he wouldn't be as in tune with feelings that he shouldn't have as an angel, which has made him more empathetic to humanity and creation as a whole.
Part of Namoi is curious as to how Amara exactly was able to create such an elaborate plan on her own in such a short amount of time, but as God's sister and counterpart, it's probably best if Naomi doesn't know all the details. The mission is clear, and that is good enough for her.
Dean startles awake, eyes flying open to see concerned blue ones looking back at him. It takes him a moment to realize he had somehow migrated from his position against the window to lay his head on Cas' shoulder, and if God weren't a dick, he would have thanked him for having not drooled on the angel's shoulder.
Cas sighed before answering, "still angry with me, but I got back alright, so everything fine right now." Cas is stretching the truth.
"So, what do you think it might be?" Dean asked, shoving his last free sample, a piece of pumpkin pie in his mouth; it was good but came nowhere near the Whiskey Butterscotch Praline Pie from the lady named Grandma Ginger.
Suddenly the door opens, and Castiel walks out of the room, sighing, closing the door behind him with a thud.
"What memory," Sam says at the same time Cas expressed, "you haven't mentioned that you've been having nightmares again."
"James, however, contacted me early this morning to really that the American Nakki evolved to be more a mix of a demonic Jinn than the siren analogy that we used yesterday. With a kiss, they are able to transfer some sort of toxin to the other person, which puts themselves in the mindset of living their fantasy by making them believe that doing the Nakki's bidding and sacrificing themselves is their fancy."
" Jack, we've all done bad things, most of the time, without truly knowing what we were doing. I've started the apocalypse, and I've been addicted to demon blood, I've been soulless, I've been possessed, I've said yes to Lucifer, and a lot more shit. Dean's sold his soul, been to hell in all that entails, took Cain's mark and suffered the consequences, and said yes to Michael. Hell, Cas even tried to be God at one point and has trusted the wrong people; we all have, we have all made mistakes, and we all have blood on our hands. But we have forgiven each other for all of that because we're family, and we understand the reasons for the actions taken, whether they were done consciously or not. I forgive you, Jack, I love you, kid."
Marion couldn't go on, looking like her throat had closed up while trying to will away the angry tears that were forming. DJ thus picked up where his sister left off with obvious pain in his voice as he forced himself to continue.
"Marion is my first name, Naomi named me Marion Cassandra Winchester," there was a joking sound coming from Sam while Dean shot him a glare, careful not to meet Cas' eyes. "Marion obviously after Mary, but she didn't want to just stick with Mary because she believed it could become confusing. Cassandra, well, I think that's obvious; I think it was trying to make some amends or something, have your name mean something, honestly. She didn't explain why I think she thought it spoke for itself; she knew Cas meant a lot to you."
"Dean, shut up." Sam hissed, elbowing in the ribs as he smiled apologetically at the couple that had turned around to glare at them.
"According to the pamphlet for this festival, poetry was used to bring communities together around the holidays, so they adopted poetry readings for both their December and July Christmas festivals-" Sam explained before getting shushed again by the couple in front of them.
Sam thinks to himself, remembering when he and Dean started working together again. Had that really been 15 years ago now? Looking back at Marion, Sam can't stop his thoughts from drifting to other things Marion might have in common with Dean or with Cas for that matter. How much have they influenced their lives despite not actually being a part of it? Sam is lost in his thoughts that it takes him a moment to realize that someone is snapping fingers in from of his face.
They get out of the car and walk into the building, Dean rolling his eyes at some of the signs donning the doorway.
The brothers quickly made their retreat but could hear the sheriff bellow from behind them, "Oh, be sure to check out the baked goods tasting! There are 31 flavours of pie!"
Dean, however, didn't contribute to the conversation, generally, at a loss for what to say, he's basically got his two sons in the back of the car, and he doesn't know how to talk to them, head still reeling with the bombshells that were revealed last night. He eventually tunes them out and lives in his head a bit until his phone starts blaring.
Instead of the super suave demon lady that they were expecting, a young man gets out of the car; he looked like the kid from the live-action Pokemon movie that Dean watched with Jack on Netflix. But the kid in front of him was a bit younger, maybe 18, maybe 19 years old.
"Seriously, I thought I was done being surprised by people making life-altering decisions and controlling my entire life, I thought with Billy and the plan with Jack that there might actually be an end to this..."
"Can I offer you a sample of our signature apple pie fudge?" A deep voice with a distinctive Nordic accent asks. Putting on a smile, Marion turns to face the gentleman.
Personally, Cas thought that both the sweaters were humorous and paid a kind of tribute to the nicknames the late King of Hell had given the brothers. He needs to make a note to get a picture to Rowena somehow. He had also chosen a sweater for Jack, which was covered in small Christmas Candies with the words 'I just want Candy, Candy Canes, Candy Corn, and Syrup.'
"That's exactly what I'm asking you to do, Naomi, protect what God created, only this time you're protecting it from God himself. I'm not sure exactly when my brother lost his way, but he's become more and more narcissistic as time has gone on; something about this universe has pushed his buttons, pushing him to break." Amara paused, looking back out onto the New York streets below.
Dean squints as his brain starts to acknowledge the sunlight beaming through the living area window; soft voices are coming from somewhere behind him. His head is pounding despite the fact he didn't hit the bottle before going to sleep or rather crashing on the large couch while Castiel watched some sort of nature documentary on mute.
Now standing on the corner of Milvia St. and Centre St, Naomi realizes that she may have to wait sometime before being able to force her way through the fertility clinic if the presence of a familiar 67 chevy Impala was any indication. Naomi silently curses Naomi for sending her back to overlap with Dean Winchester's visit. Sending her back a day later would have made a lot more sense, but there isn't anything Naomi can do about it now. Instead, she simply moves to a park bench to sit and wait, hoping that she doesn't look absurdly out of place as not to catch the unwanted attention of humans or heaven or heaven forbid something else.
"There names are DJ and Marion; apparently hunters, they found out what the thing is that we're hunting...." Sam trailed off when he noticed the look of complete shock on Cas' face like he's just been taken aback or saw something that shouldn't have been possible.
Marion blinked slowly before answering. "A friend, a hunter, but they mostly act in a supporting role, doing research, scavaging for weapons and ingredients, basically being a ringmaster for fellow hunters."
"But that's what you said last time we had this conversation only last time it was about Michael, not God, and you're saying we need to make make the most of the time that we have together, well shouldn't everyone understand what they're at risk of losing?" Jack emplored almost staring bullet holes into his father, trying to understand his point of view.
"Just memories about Michael, nothing to worry about," Dean lied, not wanting to cause any more distress to the others in the car. Cas squinted at him for a moment, clearly trying to figure out if Dean was telling the truth but ultimately came to the decision to let it go.
Marion takes a breath to steady herself before continuing. "I'm not going to put my two cents into a situation when I don't have to, not when it is me who is ultimately sacrificed. I need him to continue to have something to live for, so if that means pretending nothing is going to blow up in his face when it comes to James, so be it."
Cas hesitates before responding, "I told you this once before, but it seems almost more fitting now, we just have to remember to appreciate the time that we all have together while we can, and I think both Sam and Dean understand that, that there isn't really time to wait for things to blow over because we don't really know how much time we have left."
Billie billowed through the shelves of hundreds of thousands of books stacked in neat rows, stacked in neat rows, all orderly arranged and aligned in a specific order that no one but her was able to determine. Each book held it's own world of wonders and ultimate finish, with some books appearing unfinished, but endings aren't always satisfactory and wrapped in a bow; most are abrupt and unplanned, leaving more questions than answers. Each book holds answers to short and lifelong questions about humanity that had lasted for hundreds of years before this library had even been assembled to aid each new death were their role.
Naomi looks down at Amara and thinks of something to say, anything at all, but words escape her at the moment; what is the right thing to say when you start out on a mission you have no idea will actually work? In the end, Naomi nods at Amara; Amara immediately brings the vial to her lips and downs it all in one go. The Angel then begins to read in the incantation.
Again, Dean wonders if how he feels right now is how his mother felt when she was brought back to life by Amara. Hearing the stories his son tells, and the word son is still taking some getting used to, is mind-boggling. Everything he and his sister has had to go through up until this point is unfair, but I'm sure that's how his mom felt too. She had wanted nothing more than for him and Sam to grow up and have normal lives. They do live normal lives, though, at least for a Winchester.
Naomi opened her mouth but then closed it, taking a moment to think, "but how can you say that, and what could I possibly do that you can't?" A bitter smile crosses Amara's face as she turns back to look at Naomi.
"Well, you've twisted my arm now, haven't you." Marion pops the first sample into her mouth, it is actually quite good, but it is a monster that's given it to her. "That tastes exactly like pie; how'd you do that? It tastes like something out of Willy Wonka or perhaps Harry Potter. This has to be the best thing I've ever eaten!" Marion knows she's laying it on thick, but that's sort of the point.
"I remember calling that fertility clinic a few years later, and they told me that there was a fire that destroyed all of their inventory of donations."
"What do you mean kind of? You either are, or you aren't," Sam responds, giving the children a weary look.
